;-.orenet. iNleil tl'Darragii, tjik /A7.S7/ detective : T.-IE STRATEGY OF A BRAVE iVAN. II v 01. D SLi.UTH. Cii.-ii'iEH XXVII!.- (C<j_\iiNu;:i).) !L:, my d.'ar L-Ltt, i hr.vs a biy game I B:l l: :.e: yju luiJ, v,:j;eo villi pav pounds a ifiiiu! lirj.' 2 \- C.n's we loiii it uier to-morrow?" Nqin: is ure iime for eur bujmee;, old until, i tell you, saro; t.'ie Montie, witn a CiireJi di Liren, " i hire to gel talking abnu: ujoLcj ill I re hour iv.-iel grsveyaru d jiivn ar.d :ne deed in p:ianion> form gu groxlir.g arouoci/ lljtfi ! hui-b I' eaid J:ck, as bis eycbalia eliiritti and hit jfinbd beau to treo-tle urctr hire. YJnat is the i leiler v.iih von ? Iloog it I you shake I i.e a iiiau woo lies ike ague, and your eyes glare hire two live coals, vrliilt, on my lift, your iui : stands on end like a por cupine's quiiis I'd gitc you some whisky, old fellow : your Turves are unstrung. or you hav;: area so ;k ; lung," raid ihe blonde, in a tone of badinage. " Give me a urmk and let me out of here I" gasped .lack. iVn.-u on earth do vou want to get out of here for? \V;iy, man , i here's not a ecui iu this house, but ttTr since i mentioned rn-ai dark eiti.ji who yuu say is a detective, you hare b:en acuug lute a man vviio has eeen a ghort." ciiArJ Ei; xx x. -Dju't fpiiL c! glitsts,' v. ailed Jack, in an- rwei lu iul Uibi.uk- iL.uaiks Willi which we cln-.il ttie I'l'-viou- chapter. O'Xeii el Djriaeh ruse from his Beat and, guuig lo a c ;i :.j --rd ia one corr.tr of lhe room, brought loitu a ooltle ana a counle of (:UlShts. Jack its.:'. _d the bottle the moment it was put on ice ti.-m . and f ourinr; one of ihe piassr-H iieazly lull, he cianK it oil without a 1 ljy h out! you v.ri;:: dry-;' rx claimed the biui.oe, G v.; rue the money you promised and I'll lge I ".it ul hi re.' X '!. u; down. I ic'.i you I have a big j;j on nn::u, end oruri' is a nrup of rnonev in it. We cm. lU.h in a few cays — moury enough to kt l pus ie-r '. ! Tne hail-breLd venture '.i nuolhtr glance at the liuiror. lie taw relLrisd tbeie only his own dark vieagc, ic w men it." co.eav had telurncd by tOfctlEc s of the t.cavy ii.u.s of whisky he hua : i.aer. viit down. ;-it down up.' d O'Xeil. 1 I tell you old man. 1 il make you rim : and you'll Jiave a list full of i cere feiiu'-vs if you'll enly reitiodoAu to biiMiicts." As ti:e uioutiu si.jke be dirpiayed a roil of bank notes. Tim haii breed's eyes at once gleamed with anothc r light far dhTertnl. from that which only a t; coud or two Leioie Lad illumiEattu them. The curse on his soul was lite love of gam bling, and to gratify this passion he muet have money. litre was c. man displaying heavy noteg and a-kiny mm to become a t barer in apian lo o b I b i n i I. > i u t u n i; s . A sain he as. zed tut bottle ana drank off a lie.ivw quantum. As lie crank c if thesecond glass he rceuzned his reel. Vou begin tj look a little like yourscif t grin now, e.-.ii the uiunde. ' JiiL a htcond tyryoii remiiiiied me of the condition I was in once.' Wnu l condition was that 7' asked the half-t) :eed. "tViki, 1 killed a man once, and for two 3 tars was haunted by his ghost.' As the blonde pronounced the word ' ghost" Jack chanced to glance once again toward the mirror, when he again cought sight oi the blood-eiaincd apparition which he had before Eccn. This time lit: leaped ro ilia feet and uttered an oath, buL did not show such signs of ter ror as he had displayed a few senond" previ ously. Ilang it, old ican !' said O'Neil, ' you act like a man who was haunted by a ghost, for every time I use ihe word yon go shaking like an asptn leaf. .Sit down Bnd tEke annt.ner drink." Jack did not vtant urging to take the drink and having recovered somewhat from his first terrors, with the aid nf the fumes of the whisky, he mustered sulticient courage to re sume Ins seat. I was telling you about my ghoBt," said the blonde. Jack winced but made no reply. That, ghost fallowed me ior two years, but I laid him at last.' 'How did you lav him?' said Jack, his eves bulging out with eagernesB. " ' Well, 1 11 tell you some other time. What we want to talk about now is business. This job I want vou to get into with me is a good one. but tbere is blood to be let.' Jack involuntarily glanced in the glass ; at the same moment a etrange, sepulchral voice was heard to say : ' No more blood ! no more blood 1' The half-breed at this fell from his chair in a fit. It was fully half an hour before WDanagh managed to bring the fellow round. The inRtant Jack was restored the blonde li h to him : wld man, what sent you off in that man ner r ' I want in get away frctn here !' murmured Jack, in hustv tones I ' Why dc you want to get away ?' 5 'Didn't you hear that voice?' sated the half-brctd. >. l'du \- Hear what voice ?' ' A voice which eaid. " No more blood I no more blood ! ' ' No, sir 1 I heard no voice. Ton must be drunk, or else you're haunted.' J ick rose to his feet and moved toward the door. ' Where are you going now ?' asked the blonde. I am going to leave this house.' ' Well, if you won't stay, I'm not going to coax you.' The half-breed then went to the door and opened it, but had no sooner done so than he uttered a piercing scream and dashed the dour to again. "Hang it, old man 1 you're drnnk, eore !' eaid the blonde, while a smile played overhiH face. ' Oh, heavens !' groaned Jack. ' What's the matter?' asked O'Neil. ' Didn't you see it?1 ' See what V ' Why — why, a— a — ' A what ? My man, you are as drunk as a boiled owl. You talk more mysteries than any man I ever saw, drunk or sober.' Jack moved over to the far part of the room, and said, pointing towards the en trance : ' Open that door 1' M'Darragb stepped forward and opened the door. Not iirg was visible. ' 15? thunder I muet be drunk or I'm dreaming muttered Jack. " Wnat did you tulvk yon saw ?' asked the blonde- ' The ghost of my mother,' answered the i half-hieed. | ' D. ri you kill your mother ?' | 'No.' ' Well, then, you're drunk sure ; for you will never see a ghost unless it is the phan tom of some one you have murdered. I know that. The detective shut the door . when Jack tot tered across the room and opened tb6 door himself. Tmre, in the darkness, Btocd the form of Hsrry Trendal!. Trie blood shone red on his fair locks, his face pale, and hiB eyes gleaming with a str nge light. Jack, left the door standing open and, stag gering back into the room, asked, addressing the blonde: l)j you sec anything in that doorway?' 'No.' ' Are you sure 7' ' Go. go along with you, old man. Tou are' en X fooling. Don't you suppose that if 1 saw anything there I should say so at once?' 1 ? Trie haif-brccd made a movement to pass through liie ooor despite lbs presence of the phnuiom, when the latter raised his hand warning!?, and motioned the terrifitd fellow back. Toe half-breed recoiled, after dashing the ! do i to. ! Well. I'i: he. hat-god, old boy, if you ain't ' making mo nervous. 1 guess you're crazy ; you make my li- sb crawl!' ' 1 Eli --7 it CgitU !' 1 ."-law whai " | ' My mother's ghost 1' | ' Sit- here, Jack, you had better go home, j 1 do not to luK you good company. 1 do not i want you around here. Tou make me ner- I vou?." j As O Neil spoke he advanced and opened I the oour. I ,1 ic!l glared in the paEsage way and saw i noun; g. T re. get out; yoa are tight or craz.y ! sen; tuu blonde. The ball breed moved toward the door, thinking lhat probably the presence of the blonde iui;:ht keep the apparition down, but the mcrntnt he reached tne threshold the J figure appeared in view, and waved him back as uefoic. Once more the Indian recoiled, Btricken with terror, and exclaiming, in wild, hysteric tones : 1 Ah, ha ! there it is ! there it is !' 'There's what?' aeked the blonde; ' I see nothing I' las latter swung the door to and aadresB- ing Jack, said : j ' hte here, old man, there is something up with yea. Now, tell me just what you think you see." I " Jack was quite unnerved, and too much I shaken to He any more, and he said : j ' ia 1 live, I Eaw the ghost of a man I used l to know 1' Who is the man ?' 1 A mail who ran away.' ' Km away from where?' ' Trout a place up in the country." ' Teen he must have been murdered!' ' 1 didn t murder him !' ' Yoa are speaking falsely !' came a hollow voice. Tne hall-breed's tongue clove to the roof j of his mouth. j His face was horribly distorted, but he was epecchk-ES. | 0 Neil stood by, EECmingly uncouEcious cf j any sight or sound but that which fell from | the euiftring man btfore him. J At iengtb the half-breed found voice and | asked : ' Did you hear anything?' ' Nothing.' I ' The shadow spoke 1' said Jack, in a gasp- j ing voice. O I See here, old man, you're keeping some- I thing back, said the blonde. J ' Wliat do you mean ?' J ' Whose ghost is it you see ?' ' The ghost of Harry Trendall.' 1 Why should his apparition appear to you, Jack . ' I do not know.' ' T:s falee '' came the voice. "Did you hear it then?' asked Jack, in trembling tones. ' I heard nothing.' 1 Oh, what shall I do muttered Jack, in b terrified tone. ' If that ghost is haunting you you must " ley " him,' said O'Neil. ' How can I ?' said Jack. ' I tell you apparitions don't haunt men | unless they want them to do something ; you i must find out what the ghost wants you to do, and you will be all right ; that is the way j I lard my gboEt." LIo-w can 1 find oat what the spirit wants You roust speak to it.' ' 1 can't.' ' You might as well do it first as last, old man, fcr as it has left its grave once it will come to you until you attend to what it waniE.' Jick was silent a second, but at length Clustered courage enough to Eay : ' Op;n the door." Will you speak to it?' ' Yes.' Tne delccLive at once opened the door, when there, Branding in the passage- way, was the figure, terrible and ghastly as when first seen. CHAPTER XXX. Calm and mot o :le=s the figure stood. Trie half-breed stood equally motionless, but hi? cantoned features were cxpresBive of another mental condition than that of calm- n r : s . ' Speak to it,' said the blonde. Do you see it 7' cried Jack. ' No. but from your actions I imagine thai you do." was the reply. ' Oh, it's there!' murmured Jack. ' "Veil, speak to it : you will never have a better chance. ' Dropping upon bis knees and raising hie hands in a pleading manner, Jack began to move bis lips, but no round issued from them. Ti;c shadow still stand silent and motion less. Jack at length contrived to mumble : ' Would you speak to me ?' The apparition bowed its head. Jack's iuco became livid and his feature! worked with nervous twitches, which were painful to behold. j u At last he mansged to gBep : ' What would you — you — ' Slowly the figure raised its arm and made a ewaying motion, indicating that it de.Eired Jock to fellow it. Jack shook his head in voluntarily, as much as to say, ' No, I will not follow thee, thou horrid ehape.' | Why don't you speak to it if you see it?' said M'Darragh. ' I have spoken to it, and it IB motioning me to follow it.' ' Don't yon do it.' ' What shall I do J 1 1 Tell the thing tD speak out, and that you will promise to obey its behests.' Jack managed to articulate the words : " Speak to me, and I will obey your com. mands.' The lips of the ghost moved and, in a sep ulchral voice, came the words : ' Will you swear ?' ' Swear,' said the bloiide, eagerly. 'Did you hear the voice then ?' asked the half-breed. M'Darragh saw that he had given himself away, but quickiy recovered his ground by asking, innocently: i ' Didn't yon say something about swear- ng ?' 1 1 was the ghost.' " Well, if the gboEt wants you to swear, why swear uway ; you'll have to do it sooner or later.' '1 will swear,' said Jack. The ghost raised its hand and. in etrangely awful tones, eaid : i ' Swear tbat you will do as I instruct.' 1 I Ewear 1' said Jack. Your oath is recorded, and if you fail you die instantly. A instant's silence followed. O'Neil innociictly asked : "What is going on new? What is the gbott doing 7' 1 Nothing.' " Ask what it wants you to do, maD ; there must be something wrong.' "What would you have me do, Harry?' said Jack. ' You murdered me! said the ghost. Jack made no answer to this charge. After b considerable pause the phantom proceeded : ' Y'ou murdered me, and uuIcbs you do as I command I will haunt you until the evi- dtn:e is secured tuat will lead to your execu tion.' ' What am I to do ?' asked Jack. 1 Go to some one and reveal the hiding- piece of Miss EdL'lin. ' 1 will !' 1J0 ' I>3 it. or you die !' Again there was a pause, when the voice repeated the word ' remember,' and disap- | peartd. j Thank hoiven,' muttered Jack. I ' Is it ah over ? said O'Neil. j ' I Ts gene. ' I Well have- you got a hard icb ?' 'No.' I Tne half-breen's nerves were completely unstrung, his li lice, stubborn naturo quite j subdued. i After a second he said : j 1 Close the door.' j M Darragh did as requested. j No suspicion seemed to have crossed J zck s j mind. He evidently appeared to accept the scene j as real. \- Take a drink !' said the blonde. Toe hal !-bi ( ed had j ust managed to ra-se a glass to his lips aud drink it cfi, when the word, distinctly pronounced, fell upon hie for : R 'member !' 0 X .-il acted in a perfectly natural way and said : 1 Now that you have got through with your ghost we can talk about the busineiE we have in hand.' ' Not now,' said the half-breed. ' Why not ?' Are you a friend of mine, Tom f enquired the half-breed. Certainly.' ' Can yon hold a secret ?' Certainly.' Would you oare to hear what the ghost said ?' 'Well, I am not particular, but I will listen to your story if it will ease your mind at all.' I have a secret. Well ?' ' The ghost commanded me to reveal that Eecret.' Well, you had better do as the ghost told you,' said O'Neil, carelessly. ' That is what I want to do.' ' Do you wish to confide your secret to me, then ?' Yes. ' Well, go ahead.' I had a hand in the abduction of a gal.' ' Tnat is many a bad man's care.' ' I am to reveal the place where that ga! is concealed. To whom ?' The ghost didn't say.' , Well, you must interview the ghost again and find out who it wants you to reveal the Eecrct to.' 'It said some one.' 1 I am some one.' ' I will reveal the secret to you.' ' I am a good man to learn a secret." The gal's name is Marian E-ielin ; she is supposed to be dead, but Ehe still lives and 13 kept a prisoner. It was hard for M'Darragh to avoid an ex clamation or expression which would have betrayed him. He managed, however, to keep both tongue and face, and remarked in an indifferent manner ; 1 Is the girl a relative?' 1 No.' ' Tne girl you are encaged to ?' \- No.' Well, what hove you to do with the mat ter ?' ' Shs is the girl the ghost was to have married on the day he died.' ' Go on with your story.' ' You have heard of ihe jewelled corpEe that was found a few days Rgo ?' ' Yes.' ' Well, that was the body of a gal tbat died in the hospital, and ehe was dressed in the real gal's clotbes.' ' Ob, let mc sec,' eaid O'Neil, reflectively ; ' It strikes me that I read something about the case. First there was a man mieaing and then a girl." ' Tee.' Well, the girl Is not dead, then, after all?' No.' ' Where is she hiding ?' ; She ia a prisoner in the house of some p3ople near P WhBt do they want to ksep her a prisoner for ?' To get her property.' ' How can anyone get her property as long ehe liveE ?' As soon a= the excitement has blown over the gal will be poisoned and never seen j or heard of more. It is a deep game, and when it is all played out I am to have a big stake.' ' And that is the reason yon held your j secret so well, yon scampi' said the detcc- I tive in a tone that caused the half-breed to I leap from his feet and utter an exclamation of astonishment. ' Your game is played out, Jack.' 1 Who are you ?' asked the half-breed, in , strange tones. j I am a chap who haB been on your track for the last few months, and at last I have ! run you to earth. ' I A certain revelation seemed to flash over the half-breed's mind and he cried : j I Tou are a detective ! ' j j ' T am. and you are my prisoner!" j j Jack clapped his hand behind him to draw j 1 a pietol. but before be could make a move- j I ment to DEe the weapon was eeized from the 1 r - \- rear. ; j In a tone of absolute deBjur he groaned : j ' 1 am sold !' j\i . I 'ycb. you are, you saouqe ' i TOe Indian turned his neipand found thBt he was in the grasp of tbe gibst. Iiarry Trendall did not bjrri much like a phantom at the moment, aid yet his pre sence in fissh ana blood appared to unnerve his p r.rc-er more than ii Oe;ad been an ap parition. 1 "Harry Trendall, alive !' ejaculated the half bieed. - Yef, I am; bat no thaiis to you, yon scoundrel!' M-Darragh stepped forwar?«t this instant and before Jack was aware if what was to trantpire be found his handsolasped in a pair of steel bracelets. Your race of crime is rut, my man !' eaid M'Darragh. Jack was perfectly mute far a few seconds; at length his dark face asmmed a dreadful hu e ae he said : " You haven'tgot your game your own way yet. ' Oh. yes. we have,' eaid O'Neil. You think the girlliveE." ' YES.' ' She is dead,' said Jack, in a tone of joy. ' I lied.' Harry Trendall sprang towards the miser able wretob, when tie detective intervened Bud said : ' It is no nse for you to tell any mere lies, Jack ; I secured the girl before I secured you. ' " I am not lying now.' 1 I know you arc.' ' Why did you play the ghost on me thED ?' 1 wanted evidence to hang you, and I wanted a witness, as you were the only wit ness of your dreadful crime.' TOe half-breed saw tbat his whole game was up. Toe calm, resolute man, who had been following bim day after day under various disguises, had played hiB game carefully and well. There was no esoipe for tne fellow. | Jack was silent fcr awhile, but at last he | said : ' Will you grant me one favor ? If you will, I will confess every thing you want to know.' CHARIER XXXI. ' What :s the favo: ycu with me to grant, j J rck ? 1 ' Y'ou must give cie your word of honor and | tkei: i "il put cviecnte in your nanus to clear j up all mysArits — afler I fulfil my part you must fulfil yours.' ' I can make no blind prcmiee.' ' Tnen 1 luuG be silent.' -!3 1 ' Your Mlei.ce can do no harm now. I I have learned ahuut ail 1 cant to know, ana 1 have Eulhe.ent evidence to tend you where you will Ue baruilccs for the next twenty ! years. | Jack's face was a fearful picture of extreme I agony as he said : I ' 1 am an Indian, and do not fear death ; bur imprisonment ro me would be mo;u ter rible man a hundred deaths ; fSOooi mr, oh, I in mercy, snoot me 1' \- 1 am sorry lor you, Jack, but I must do my duly ; you have been engaged in several terrible crime?, and the law ruiibt take its course. ' Tne half-treed was then taken away and placed 1: 1 the warctihouse and from thence j to Darlmghnret. | The cauire against him was the murdctous assault 011 Harry Trendall. I The latter would have pleaded forthehalf- | breed, and refused to make a charge against j inn-, v.-ere it not for the fact that it was not j in toe power of lhe detective to permit Jack I to go. M'Darragh was regularly enrolled in the | police force, and disgrace would have fallen upon him had he consented to the half- breed's releaf e. A difficult job still remained for the detec tive ro perform. Marian Edelin was yet to be released. M'Darragh felt certain that Jack had told the truth in the first place, when hejRoid that Morian was a prisoner in Jonathan Turner's house. 1 1 was a very probable thing, at least, as the Turner mansion was situated in a park, at least a mile removed from tny other resi dence. Besides, the detective had learned one very suspicious fact — all the servants had beeu dis- niLssed from K:dge Grove on the plea that Mr. Turner and his wife were going to move to ihe city. Weeks had pested and the removal had not taken place- ; on tne contrary , Mr. Turner and his wife had n 111 lined Eecluced in their home, refusing 10 eee company on one plea and nnotfier. And ali that time the? were deoendent on the services of one servant — 1 girl who claimed to have been an oid servant in Mrs. Turner's family before the latter left Eng land. One important fact it is necessary to re cord. M'Darragh wss well acquainted with tbe churacitr ol Airs. Turner. He knew her to be a deenerate and re vengeful woman, who, in tbe last extre mity would perform any Ect, no matter how fiendish. It -.as late at night when a roan alighted from a train at the station neareat to lituge G ru re. He was dressed in nu uncouth manner and looked like an old farmer. He did not linger around the station, but started afoot tne instant he h-ft tbe train and took the road leading to the Turner man sion. He was a rapid walker, and soon reached the oelt of woods frequently described during the couree of our narrative. Once under the euaduv,- of the trees, he darted into the woods and disappeared on tbe sine leading toward Indian Jack's cabin in the forest. Halt all hour after the singular stranger's diBsppearance into the forest, a figure came stealing out upon the road from the Barue di- rictiou. One glance was sufficient to indioate that tbe individual was an Indian. Tne latter was drtBaed in the rough clotheB that had usually been worn by the half-breed when sauntering around his na tive hills. Upon his feet, however, instead of boots were a pair of ornamental moccasins, which enabled him to move over tne ground with noiselest Btep. He made his woy straight to Ridge Grove house. Toe hour was paBt midnight. The mansion stood 011 the bluff or knoll which rose at least fifteen feet above the surrounding level, thus giving tbe house a lofty and imposing appearance, and causing it to cast its shadow far across the well-kept lawn. When the man came under the shadow of tbe house be passed round it several times, studying every window. I Every light seemed to be out, as not tbe faintest glimmer etruggied through any of tbe windows. The fellow carried a small satchel with him, and after having satisfied himself in the purpose which had caused him to paEs round and round the house, he came to a halt under the shadow of the rear portico, the roof of which was on a level with the Eecond story windows. The man here opened his satchel and drew forth a stout Inotted rope, on the end cf which was adjusted a large steel bock, so ar ranged as to be eaeily made fast to any pro jecting object. The haif-brerd was very deliberate in every movement ; and. whatever hiE puipose might be, he bad evidently come fuiiv pri pared 10 I carry it cut. One El.ilfuJ throw landed the book upon the edge of the portico roof, and at onte. in j an agiie menuer. tire man comurer.cfd to | ascend. ":o ;n: c.iftrmcEDj Oil 12 j 