Chaptpr XII. ACCOUNTS FOR SKEPSEY'S MISCONDUCT, SHOW ING HOW IT AFFECTED NATAJ.Y. Ilis master opened on the bristling busi ness. " What's this, of your name in the papers, your appearing before a magistrate, and a JXIit* : XfU U1U LUiCMlUiU«* bkepsey fell upon his attitudefordialectical defence; the modest form of the two hands at rolling play and the head deferentially side east. But knowing that lie had gratijied hjs personal tastes in the act of serving his master's interests, an interfusion of senti ments plunged him into self-consciousness; an unwonted state with him, clogging to a simple story. " First, sir. I would beg you to pardon _ the printing of your name beside mine. . "Tush ; 011 with you." "Only to say. necessitated by the circum stances of the case. I read, that there was laughter in the. court at my exculpation of my conduct—as I have to call it; and there may have been. I may have expressed my self. . . . I have a strong feeling for the welfare of the country." "So, it seems, you said to the magistrate. Do you tell me, that the cause of your gross breach of the law was a consideration for the welfare of the country? Hun on the facts." " The facts—I must have begunhadly, sir." Skepscy rattled the dry facts in Ills head to right thein. From his not having begun well, they had become dry as things under foot. It was an error to have led off with the sentiments. "Two very, two very re- j sjicctahle persons—respectable—were de sirous to witness a short display of my, my system, I would say; of my science, thev call it." "Don't he nervous. To the point; you went into a field five miles out of London, in broad day, and stood in a ring, the usual riff-raff' about you "With the gloves: and not for money, sir: for the trial of skill: not very many j people. 1 cannot quite sec the breach of the law." " So you told the magistrate. You were j lined for your inability to quite see. And ] you had to give security." "Mr. Durance was kindly rcsponsil>le for me, sir: an acquaintance of the magis-1 trate." " This boxing of yours is a positive mania, Skepscy. You must try to get tiie better of it—must! And my name too! I'm to be proclaimed, as having in my service an inveterate pugilist—who breaks the law from patriotism! Male or female, these very re spectable persons—the people your show was meant for1:" "Male, sir. Females! . . that is, not the respectable ones." " Take the opinion of the respectable ones for your standard of behaviour ui future." " It was a mere trial of skill, sir, to prove to one of the spectators, that I could be as good as my word. I wished, I may say, to conciliate him, partly, lie would not—lie judged by size—credit uie with ... lie hacked my adversary Jerry Scroom—a sturdy boxer, without the knowledge of the lirst principles." " You beat him?" " I think 1 taught the man that I could 111- i struct, sir ; lie was complimentary before we | parted, lie thought I could not hove lasted. 1 After the second round, the police ap peared." " And you ran 1" "No, sir; I had nothing on my con science " " Why not have had your pugilistic display in a publican's room in town, where you could have hanuncred-nailod and ding-donged to your heart's content for as long as you liked ?" "Thatwould have been preferable, from the point of view of saf ety from intrusion, I can admit—speaking humbly. Hut one of the parties—1 had a wish to gratify him— is a lover of old Knglish times and habits and our country scenes. He wanted it to take 1 place 011 green grass. We drove over llamp &tcud; in three carts and a gig, as a company, of pleasure—as it was. A very beautiful morning. There was a rest at a public-house. Mr. Klin plow traces the misfortune to that Mr. Jarninian, I hear, thinks it whnt lie colls a traitor in the camp. I saw 110 sign : we were all merry and friendly." . " Jarninian ?" said Victor sharply. " Who is the Jarninian " Mr. Jarninian is, I am to understand from the acquaintance introducing us—a Mr. blmplow I met in the train front Lakelands one day, and again at the corner of a street near Drury-lane, a ham and beef shop kept b.v a Mrs. Jarniman, a very stout lady, who does the cluef qurfng in, the shop, and is the mother of Mr. .flffhunrin—he is in a confiden tial place, highly trusted." Skepsey looked up from the hands he soaped. " He is a curious mixture; he has true enthusiasm for boxing lie believes in ghosts. He mourns for the lost days of prize-fighting, he thinks that spectres are on the increase. He has a very 1 nrge nppetite,depressed spirits. Mr SW low informs me he is a man of substance in the service of a, wealthy lady in poor health expecting ft legacy and her appearance to hnn. He has the look—Mr. Shaplow assures me does not drink to excess; he is a slow drinker." * Victor straightened—'"Bad way of hen in. you said 1" ■ " Mr. Jarniman spoke of his expectations as being immediate ; he put it. that he ex pccted her spirit to be out for him to meet it any day—or night He desires it He says, she has promised it—on oath, he says and must feel that she must do her duty to him before she goes, if she is to appear to him with any couutenance after. But he is anxious for her in any case to show herself and says, he should not have the heart to reproach her. He has principles, a tear for suffering; he likes to be made to cry. Mrs. Jarniman, his mother, he is not married is much the same so far, except ghosts; she will not have them ; except after strong tea they come, she says, come to her bed. She is foolish enough to Bleep in a close-curtained bed. But the poor lady is so exceedingly stout that a puff of cold would carry her off she fenrs." 1 Victor stamped his foot. • " This man Jar niman serves a lady now in a—serious, does he say ? Was he precise f " Mr. Jarniman spoke of a remarkable number of diseases; very complicated, lie says. He has no opinion of doctors. He says, that the lady's doctor and the chemist —she sits in a chemist's shop and swallows other people's prescriptions tiiat take her fancy. lie says, her continuing to live is wonderful. He has no reason to hurry her, only for the satisfaction of a natural curiosity." " He mentioned her name?' " No name, sir." Skcpsey's limpid grey eyes con firmed negative to Victor, who was assured that the little man stood clean of any falsity. " You are not on equal terms. You and the magistrate have helped liim to know who it is yon serve, Skepsey.' " Would you please to direct me, sir?' " Another time. Now go and case your feet with a run over the town. We have music in half an hour. That you like, I know. See chieliy to amusing yourself." Skepsey turned to go j he murmured that he had enjoyed his trip. Victor checked him ; it was to ask whether this Jarniman had specified one, any one of the numerous diseases affecting his aged mistress. Now Jarniman had shocked Skepsey with his blunt titles for a couple of the foremost maladies assailing the poor lady's decayed constitution ; not to he mentioned, Skepsey thought, in relation to ladies; whose organs and functions we, who pay them a proper homage by restricting them to the sphere so worthily occupied by their mothers up to the very oldest date, respectfully curtain; their accepted masters are chivalrous tothem, deploring their need at tunes for the doctors and drugs. He stood looking most unhappy. " She was to appear, sir, in a few—perhaps a week, a month." A nod dismissed him. The fun of the expedition (and Dudley Sowerby had wound himself up to relish it) was at night in the towns, when the sound of instrumental and vocal music attracted crowds beneath the windows of the hotel, and they heard zon, zon, niolon} flfitc ethane; not bad ilutiug, excellent fiddling, such sing ing as a maestro, conducting his own opera, would have approved. So Victor said of his darlings' voices. NeBta's and her mother's wore a perfect combination; Mr. Bannby's trombe in union, sufficiently confirmed the popular impression, that they were artistes. They had been ceremoniously ushered to their carriages, witli expressions of gratitude, at the departure from ftoueu ; and the boni facc atUisors had entreated them to stay another night, to give an entertainment. Victor took his pleasure in letting it be known that they were a quiet English family, simply kccping-up the habits they practised in Old England: all were welcome to hear them while they were doing it; but they did not give entertainments. Tiie pride of the pleasure of reversing the general idea of English dulness among our neighbours was perceived to have laid fast hold of Dudley Sowerby at Dreux. He was at the window from time to time, counting heads below. For this reason or a better, he begged Xesta to supplant tire llute duet with the soprano and contralto of the Helena sec tion of the " Mefistofele,"called the Serenade, La Luna immobile. Shcconsultcd her mother, and they sang it. The crowds below,swollen to a block of the street, were dead still, show ing the instinctive good manners of the people. Then mademoiselle astonished theni with a Provencal or Ccvcnnes air, Huguenot, though she was Catholic : but it suited her mezzo-soprano tones; and it rang massively of the martial- religious. To what heights of spiritual grandeur might not a Huguenot France have marched 1 Dudley Sowcroy, heedlessly, under an emotion that could be stirred in him with force, by the soul o£ religion issuing through music, addressed his ejaculation to Lady Grace Hallcy. blie did not shrug or snub him, but rejoined: " I could go to battle with that song in the ears." She liked seeing him so liappily transformed; and liked the effect of it on Nesta when Iub face shone In talking. He was at home with the girl's eyes, as he lian never been. A song expressing in one the combative and devotional went to the springs of his blood ; for he was of an old warrior race, beneath the thick crust of im posed peaceful maxims and commercial pur suits and lmhituol stiff correctness. ^ As much ns wine, will muBic bring out the native bent of the civilised man ; endow hnn with language too. He was as if unlocked; he met Ncsta's eyes and ran in a voluble in terchange, that gave liim flattering after thoughts *, and at the moment sensibly a new und assured, or to some extent assured, sta tion beside a girl so vivid; by which the young lady would ho helped to perceive ma unvoiced solider gifts. , , , Nutuly observed them, thinking of Victors mastering subtlety, 81ie had hoped clearly seen the sueep'fi eye in tire shepherd) that Mr. Barmby would be watclifu] to act as a block between them ; and therefore sue had stipulated for liis presence on tne journey. She remembered Victor s rapia look of readiness to consent:—he reckoneu how naturally Mr. Ilannby would serve as a foil to any younger man. Mr. Bannby had tried all along to perform his part: he '"m always been thwarted: notably once a Gisors, where by some cunning inanngenieii he and mademoiselle found themselves into cell of the prisoner's nail-wrought wots. while Nesta had to take Sowerby s liana tor help at a passage here and there along tno narrow outer castlc-walls. And Mr. lfarmoyi upon occasions, had set that diuijiie i Ncsta's check quivering, though bimeo Fcnellan was not at liana, and there was n telling how it was done, beyond the cviden that Victor willed it so. . From the day of the aunouncewcl1* w r ikolnii'te. she Iincl been brought more into contact with Ilia genius of dexterity and fore swriit than ever previously: she had bent to viIvn of it more ; had seen herself and else outstripped—herself, of course : she did not count in a struggle with him J tut since that red dawn of Lakelands, it u as almost as if he had descended to earth from the skies. She now saw his mortality die miraculous things he did. The reason of it was. that through the perceptible various ■u(s and shifts on her level, an opposing .spirit imd plainer view of his aim, to judge it She thought it a mean one. The power it had to hurry her with the strength of a torrent to an end she dreaded, impressed her physically; so far subduing Jier mind, in consequence, as to keep the idea of absolute resistance obscure, though her bosom heaved with the breath; but what was her own of a mind hung hovering above liini, criticising; and involuntarily, diseomfovlingly. She could have prayed to be led Mindly or blindly dashed on; she could trust him for success ; and her critical mind seemed at times a treachery. Still she was compelled to judge. When he said to her at night, pressing both her hands—"This is the news of the due. my love ! It's death at last. We shall Boon he thanking heaven for freedomher lingers writhed upon his and gripped them in n torture of remorse 011 his behalf. A shattering throb of her heart gave her sight of herself as well. For so it is with the woman who loves in subjection, she may be a critic ot the man, she is his accomplice. " You have a letter, Victorf" ''Combination all round—Fenellan, Theroi 6on, and now Skcpsey." 11c told lier the tale of.Skepsey and Jarni man. colouring it, as any interested aniinnted conduit necessarily will. Neither of them smiled. Tim effort to think soberly exhausted and rolled her back on credulity. It might not he to-day or next week or i montli: but so much testimony pointed to a day within the horizon, surely! 