COSTLY INDIAN WABS. (FBOM TUB OLODE-OEMOCEA.T.) Since the 4th July, 1776, when tbiB Govern, ment began, the Indians have cost the United States a thousand million dollars. When the old Pcquot chief met the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymouth Rode, and said. " Welcome. Euglisb- tnen, " he spoke for 1,000,000 Indians. That was the estimated number of the red race then living within what are now the hounds of the United States. And so it appoars that to date the act of dispossessing the aborigines has cost I.OOOdol. for every buck, squaw, and papoose liviug on thesoil when the white man came. Tuesc are round figures, but they are very close to lite exact record. Three years ago Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now in charge of the Indian census, made a careful com pilation. He showed thst from 4th July, 1776, to 30th June, 1S80, the Indiaus had cost the Goverumeut 929,239,254 '02dol, It is safe to say that the four yean added to the record since Mr. Donaldeou's researches will briugthe figures up close to oue thousand millions. This enormous amount is about one-third of what the war of the rebellion cost. One- third of the oue thousand millions hsBbocn spent in pacify ing and civilising ludiau6. Two-thirds of the oue thousand millions hare been absorbed in fighting Indians. SenatorDoOiittle.ofWisconsm,once ventilated this ludiau war business. He wus in the Senate when it was proposed to negotiate a pence with the Xavajoes. Several o titer ecuators de murred to the oost of the proj>o?ed treaty. Mr. Doolittle tolil them something about lite cost ot Indian wars. At the same time he gave some interesting facts about the origin of these Indian wars. What is known as the great Sioux war started in 1S52. At that time there was perfect pcnco on the plains. Some Mormons were driving their cattle towards Salt Lake. Near Fort Laramie was n gathering of Indiaus. The military post was there, and the Indiaus were camped near it. One of the Sioux killed a cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant com plained. The officer in command at the post sent out a subordinate with twenty men. This litUc force weut to the Indian camp, and de manded the surrender of the Sioux who had killed the cow. The alternative was that the camp would he fired upou. The ludians re plied to the demand : " We are willing to par for this animal ; we will pay you in buffalo robe6 or buffalo skins. The array officer declined. He repeated his demand for the immediate surrender. The In dians refused. The officer gave the order to fire. The men, 20, obeyed. In 2Qmm. the soldiers were killed and scalped. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1 S.32. The war lasted three or four years. It cost the United States between 'ld,lli)0.0l>udol. uud 20.0(H), nnudol. The Navyjoc war was another which Mr. DooiittJc told about. Tor man years after this Government acquired the territory in which the Nuviijoes lived there was no trouble, One day a Niivujm: Indian was visiting the fort where the troops were. He pot into a quarrel wilh a n«gro boy belonging to one of the officers. The auppositiou was that the n"gro iunulted the luuiao. The latter drew his how and put nn arrow into the negro, killing hira. Then he fled to his tribe. The officer sent a demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe refused to give hitn up. Without any delay the troops were marched, out, and war was begun. Three campaigns won: made agninst the Navajoes on this provocation. The l"nited States tro«»i»s wrre beaten in each of them. Tim Xavajue war coat the Government nearly 2tUHK\i>0lvi»l. The biggest of all recent Indian wars was the oue about which least was published. It begun in lSfj2. it had it. origin iu a. canq>ara- tively insignificant matter. A contractor for furnishing Indian Mipphci scut to the Sioux agencies what was ?uj>po«ed to be prime moss pork. The consignment was found to consist largely of heads of hogs. The Indiaus went j hack on such rations, uud took the warpath instead of the souse. Generals Sibley and Sullv conducted tin- campaign. They had 1 j.n'j'u troops under tlmm. in ibis Noux w«r the "Galvanised l ankecs, as they were called, made tbeir appearance. There were several regiments of these " Gal- vauised Yankees," ami tiiey did good service against the Sioux. It maybe explained that "Galvanised Yankees were Confederate pri- , sou' ts who took the oath of ullegiuucc ami unlisted in these regiments to light Indians in preference to remaining in Northern prisons. Not bciug hampered by the humanitarian!: and philanthropists. GenoitU Sibley adopted a verr vigorous ludiau policy. A he made prisoners he selected the worst outlining tht-na. Antimnv as thirty braves were made "good Indiaus' by the rope in one day. Tliere is a record of engagements with bo'i- tilc Indians within the military division of the Missouri from lhox to 12. T« the recapitula tion of this record it 16 stated that " more than l.uUii officers nnd soldiers were killed and wounded'' in the Indian lighting of that period. Four hundred battles und Hkiruiishcs v ere lougbt with Indians in the fourteen yours. In answer to :t resolution of itujuiry from the Senate, ISvi, the Secretary of War Stated the total cot of tho troops in Ike Indian countrv fmin jsi;; to J.-.9 » had been 22l.sM.2t; J'HUn. lb le aud Ihu!' there was a lively Indian war :u what. it now the Indian Territory and Okla- 1: -ma. Cetwcn Is IJ and IMS tliere had bn mureUred by Iuui-m- sun retiler.s in the south- west, Ou the I'liii oi March. IS'.ib. this war t" punish the Chvyeiincs. Arapahoe?, ami Co:u- m; tn.'hes beg'iu." It enihd mi the Mh vi rnaiy following. Throe Lnmired f.i.d iistv- three officers, .soldiers., au-1 citizens were kiUe'i. woundcl. or captured itilheii months r.v:i- paism. The Indian h.ss was :l'.' lulled. wounded, and As captured. The actual ti-ld operations during the 11 month- l.»t')ii..)l.Vo7dol. " The war in the lava beds cist the army 111 soldiers killed or wound"!;. The ch i.'i iiieid'-ut oi this campaign woa the a-i-- smation of General Canby. ft- vente.-n c:i :/:> were killed and wounded, The record which wa? seutto the Senate by the War Department tavs: " No Indians reported killed. ' ft) far as losses aver,? concerned, tie1 Indians usually had tho best «jf it. Th Sioux war of 170 cost, for the actual field expenses. 2.:l2..7:;idoI. Hut the campaign v.aa cijjein iiuuuic lor ifiu t.iisrcT massacre. The army fo&s; was 25 3 killed ami 120 Wounded' The Indian lofts was only So. Had Sihlev'.- iHjIicy toward the Sinus been continued. Sitting Hull ami other Sioux loaders would have ornamented gallows-trees mid there would be no ghost dancing to day. The Custer tnaseacre was never atmied for. Tho gnus whicb the Indians took from the soldiers arc still in their passion. Tue Nez Torres war of 1S77 lasted three months, and cost 'Jol The Npz Perce lived in u valley i» en- tern Oregon. Tlnv occupied land which, Irani its extraordinary rer- tility and adaptability for irrigation, it." now worth from ) »dol. to Todul. an That ought to h« sufficient cxjflanntimi of the w.iy bo>tiliti«?s came about. Two bad white tucii 1 killed a g.<od IndiTn. Ttvo bad Indians kill" a good white man. Trrvip-, were scat tolh- Nc.'. Pci- 's camp, ami were whipped with u loss <! a li-nt'-ivtu: and :j:j soldiers. Then u l- lowed the Nez Tcrces war. General Howard followed the Xe;: Perce over 1 .-ItlO miles, and then failed to be iu at " tho death." Miles, who is now attending to the Sioux, fell on Chief Joseph umi his bate iu the vicinity of the National Park. He kille j six chiefs and n lot of warriors, and ciT.tiiTed nil the others. Tho wind-up was on 'hrii, of September. Ifoward csrae up with his advance guard just after the victory wus won. In that campaign 211 'officers nnd roldiers were killed and wounded. Twelve citzens wore killed. The Indian loss was IAS. Tho Bannock war of l.S7t> wok a small affair. It only covt iVVLffTa-Pldol. When it was ended the record showed a losh of 24 tothcurniv. 3u citi;;ene inurderod. and 74 Indians killed. The Northern Cheyenne outbreak in !S7l' entailed a loss on the army of 32 killed and wounded. \"r> cci.ru TOIU.VID,; til Siucst: ISS2 the only Indian fighting hasbcen with the little a-jua'da of Apaches iu Arizona nnd New Mexico. For ovory Apache run down and killed or captured the Govcrnuieut is said to have spent 100,090dol Here (says the Vail Mall Unzeiuj is a plot for Gaboriau from real life. Ahout two years ago an outrage was voinioittod ,iu Cauada simi lar to oue which has just raised a storm of fm v in the north. The grosru>up daughter o: it Congregational minister in the Eastern town- ships was waylaid when going bomi alone a dork country road at nigbt, and Was foullv as saulted and murdered. Wlicn her bo.lv wan found next morning iu a mill-pond close by. the prjst.uior(en revealed th« plain imprint of two fingers on her throat. But tho fingers were not neighboim.— the point of the middle fiugei seemed to hare left no mark. Large rewards wore offered; but without effect. Within the last few months a fugitive criminal from the States, who under an o/ia«bad been playing the part of miuister of the Gospol for seven years in u Tillage in the same township, was found . out and expelled. After he had departed for Australia ft wis remembered that oue of his fingers was always rigid, in consequence of a wound received during the Civil War, and this coinddehce ts likely to Bring him ifato court on the capital charge xf he can be found. 