THE BOTTLE IMP.-A STORY OF FANCIFUL ADVENTURE., - BY ROBERT LOUIS STEV13NS0N. . : ..part nr. Never d wink could ho sloop,, tho food stuck in his throat ; but he sent a letter to Kiano, and nbont the timo when the steamer would be com ing rode down beside the cliff of the tombs. It rained ; his horse went heavily ; he looked up at the blaok mouths of caves and bo envied thc dead .that slept there and, wero done with trouble, and called to mind bow lie had galloped by thc day before,' and was astonished.- So he came -down Hooltona, and there was all the country gathered for the steamer, as usuaL In the shed before the store they sat -and - jested and passed the news ; but there was ho matter of speech in Keawo's bosom, and he sat in their midst and looked without on tho rain falling on the houses and the surf beating among t he rooks, and the sighs arose in hia throat. . . "Keawe, ot thb Bright -Honso, is out of spirits," said one to another.. Indeed and no he was, and little .wonder. - ( Then" the Hall came, and the whaleboat carried him on board. Tho after part of the' . ship was full of Haoles — whites— who had been to visit the volcano, as their ouetom is, and the midst was crowded with Kanakas, and the fore part with wild bulls from Hilo bud horses from ,Kau; but Kcawe sat apart from all in his sorrow, and watched for the house of Kiano, There it sat low upon the shore in the blaok' rocks and shaded by the eocoa palms, and there by the door was a red boloku, no greater than a Uy, and going to and fro with a liy's business. "Ah queen of my hoart," he cried, "I will ven ture my dear soul to win you !" Soon after darkness foil, and the oabins wore lit up, and the Haoles Bat and played at the cards and drank whisky, as their custom is ; but Koawe walked the deck alt night, and all the next day, as they stenmod uudor the lea of Maui or of Molokai, ho was still pacing to and fro like a wild auiinal in a menagerie. Toward evening they passed Diamond Head and name to the pier of Honolulu. Keawe step ped out among the crowd and began to ask for Lopaka. It seemed ho hail become the owner of a schooner, none better in the islands, and was gono upon an adventure as far as Pola-Pola or Knliiki ; so there was no help to be looked for' from Lopaka. Keawe called to mind a friend of his,' a lawyer in the towii (I must not tell his name); and inquired of him; they said lie had grown suddenly rich, and had a fine new house upon-tho \Vaikiki shore ; and this put a' thought' in Keawo's head; and be oalled a hnok and drove to the lawyer's house. ' , The house was all brand new, and the trees in' the garden no greater than walking sticks, anil tho lawyer (when he came) had the air of a man' well pleased. ' " " What can I do to serve you ?|' said the law yer. 1 1 " You are a friend of Lopaka's," replied Keawe, - "and Lopaka purchased from me' a'certain piece of goods that I thought you' might enable me to trace." ' The lawyer's face became very dark. "I do not profess to misunderstand yon, Mr. Keawe," said he, " though tills is an ugly business, to be stirring 111. You may bo sure I know nothing ; but yet I have a guess ; and if you would apply in a certain quarter, I think you might have news." And ho named the name of a man which again I had better not repeat. So it "waa for dayB ; and Konwe went from one to another, finding everywhere new olotlios and carriages, and fine new houses, arid men everywhere in great con tentment ; although (to be sure) when he hinted at his business, their fnr.es would cloud over. IKeswo . "n. ' ttm on tho trak," thought nllthn'„iff lbe8f uc,w ciotken and carriages aro a, ? it s ll innP' and .these glad . f8 moa wbo have taken their profit and got rid of the accursed thing in safety. When I see pale cheeks and hear sighing, I shall know that I am near the bottle." So it befell at last that ho was recommended to a Haolo in Bentania-street. When ho camo to the uoor, about the hour of the evening meal.' there wore tho.uaual marks of thb new hoiwe, and the young garden, and the- electric light ahinmg in the windows ; but when the owner came, a. shock of hope and fear ran through Ilea we. . For here was a young man, white as a corpae, and black about the eyes, the hair shed ding from his head, and such a look in. his couu- touunce as a man may have when he is waitins for the gallowB. " sPro," thought Keawe : and so with this man he noways veiled his errand. I am .come to buy the bottle," said he. At the" word, the young Haole of Borifcama- street reoled against the wall. 4i "„Tk® bottle !" he gasped. " To buy the bot- tlo. Then ho seemed to choke, aud seizing Keawe by tiie arm carried him into a room and poured out wine in two glasses. "Here is my respeots,". said ICeawo, who had b&®n muoh about with Haoles in his time. Yes, ' he added, M I am come to buy the botv tie. r what is the prioe by now 2'' At that word tho yoiing man let his glass slip through his fingers, and looked upon Koawo liko a ghost ."Tho price/' says ho, "The price! You do not know the price?' It is for that I .am asking, you," returned Keawe. But why aro you so much concerned ? Is thore anything wrong about tho price ?' 'It lias dropped a great deal in value since your time Mr. Keawe," said tho young man, stammering, " Well, well,' I shall have the less to pay for it, ' says Keawe. "How muoh "did it cost your' 'The young man- was as white -as a; sheet "Two cents, "said he. " What !" cited Koawo ; " two cents? - Why, then, you can only sell it for one. And lie -who buys it— -" The words died upon Keawe's tongue. He who bought it coald never sell it again ; the bottle and tho bottle imp must abide with him until he died, nud when he died must carry him to the red end of hell. The young man of Beritania-street fell upon his knees. "For God's sake, buy it !" ho cried. You can have all my fortune in the bargain, I was mad when I bought it at that price. I had embezzled money at my store ; I was lost else ; I must have gone to jaik" "Poor oreaturo," said Keawe. "You would risk your soul upon so desperato an adventure, and to ovoid tne proper- punishment of your own disgrace ; and you think I could hositato with love in front of mo. Give me the bottle and the change whioli I make suro you have all ready. Here is a five cent piece." Tt was as Keawe supposed ; the young man had the change ready in a drawer; the bottle changed hands, and Keawe's fingers were no sooner clasped upon the stalk than . he . had breathed his wish to be a clean man. And sure enough when he got home to his room and stripped himself before a glass his flesh was whole like an infant's. And hero was the strange thing ; he had no sooner seen this miracle, than his iniud w&b; changed within bim, and ho cared naught for the Chiueso Evil, and littleenough for Kokua; and had but oho thought, that here he was bound to the bottle imp for time and for eternity, aud. had no better hope but to be a cinder forever in the flames of hell. Away ahead of him he saw them blazo in his miud's eye, and his soul shrank, and darkuess fell upon the light. ' When ;Keawe came to himself a little he was aware it was the night when the band played at tiie hotel. Thither he went, because he feared to be nlono; and there, among happy faces, walked to and fro, and heard the tunes go up and down, and saw Berger beat tho measure, and all the while he heard the flames orackie and saw the red fire, burning in the bottomless pit. Of.a sudden the band played " Hiko-ao- no tiiat wus a song that lie had sung with Kokua, and at the strain courage returned to him. " It is done now," , he thought, V and once more let iue .take the good aloug with the evil." So it befell that he returned, to Hawaii by thc first stearacr, and as soon as it could bo managed he was wedded to Kokua, and carried her up the mountain side to the bright house. . . . . Now it was so .with these two that when they were. together Keawe's heart was stilled, but so soon as he was alone lie fell iiito a brooding hor ror, and heard the flames crackle and saw the red fire burn in the bottomless pit. The girl, indeed, had come: to him wholly ; her heart leapt in her. side at sight of . him,, her hand olung to his, and she was so' fashioned from the hair upon her head : to" the nails upon her toes, that nohe'oouid see her without joy. She was pica- SAntin her nature. She had the good word al ways. Full of song, she was, and went. to and fro in the bright hous' the .brightest thing in its throe stories, carolling liko a bird. And Keawe beheld and. heard her with delight, and then must shrink upon one side, and weep and groan to think upon the price that he had paid for her; and then he must dry his eyes, and wash his face, and go; and sit with her on the broad bal conies, joining in her soogs and (with a sick spirit) answering her smiles. There enme a day when her feet began to be heavy and her Bongs more rare ; and now it was not ICeawe only that would weep apart, but each would sunder from the other, and sit in opposite balconies, with the wholo width of the bright house betwixt. Keawe was so sunk in his despair, lie scarce observed the change ; and was only glad he had more hours to sit alone and brood upon his destiny, and was not so fre quently condemned to pull a smiling face on a sick heart. But one day, coining softly through tho honse, he heard the sound of a child sob bing, and there war Kokua rolling her face upon the balcony floor and weeping like the lost. "You do well to weep in this house, Kokua," he said, "and yet I would give the head off my body- that you (at least) might havo been happy." " Happy!" she cried, "Keawe, when you lived alone in your bright house, you wero the word of the island for a happy man ; laughter and song were In your moutn, and your face was oh bright as the sunrise. Then you wedded poor Kokua, and the good God knows what is amiss in her, bot from that day yon have not smiled. O !' she cried, ' what ails me. I thought I was pretty, and I knew I loved him ; what Ails me that I throw this oloud upon my husband?" ; " Poor Kokua," said Keawe. He sat down by her side and sought to take her hand, but that she plucked away. "Poor Kokua," he said again. My poor child, my pretty I And I had thought all this while to Bparo you ! Well you shall know all. Then at least you will pity poor Keawe; then you will understand now much he has loved you in the past, that he dared hell for your possession, and how much lie loves yon still (the poor, eondemued one), that he can yet call up a smile when be beholds you." With that he told her all, even from the be-. ginning. "You have dono this for me?" she, cried. "Ah, well, then what do I caret" and die clasped and wept upon him "Ah, child!" said Keawe, 11 and yet, when I consider the fire of hell, I euro a good deal !" Never tell me," said she, " no man can be lost because he loved Kokua, and no other fault. 1 tell you, Keawo, I shall save you with these hands, or perish in your company. . What I you loved me, and you gave your soul, and' you think I will not die to save you in roturn?" 'All, my dear; you might die an hundred times, and what : difference would that make?" he oried, except to leave me lonely till the time comes of my damnation." " You know nothing," said she ; " I was edu cated in a school in Honolulu ; I am no common girl; and I tell you I shall save my lover. What is this you say about a cent'.' But all tho world is not American. In England they have a piece called a' farthing, which is about half a cent. Ah, sorrow 1" shecried, " thatmakesitscarcely bettor, for the buyer must be lost, and we shall find hone so brave &B;'my Keawo ! But then thero is France : ' they have a small coin there which they call a centime, and these go five to the cent or thereabout.' Wo could- not do bet ter. Come, Keawe,' let us go to the French islands; .let us go to Tahiti as fast as ships cani bear us. ' There we have centimes, 3 oenttmesj! 2 centimes, 1. centime; 'four possible sales to come and go on, and two of ns to'push the bar gain. Come,' my Keawo; kiss me, 'and" banish' care; Kokua will defend you." " ' . ' "Gift- of God," he cried, "I cannot think' that God will punish' tne for desiring aught so good ! ' Be it as you will, then; take mo where you please r I put my life and my salvation in your hands." Early'thb next day, Kokua was about Ucr.prc- parations.. She took Keawe's chest that he went with, sailoriog ; and first she-put tbp bottle in tho corner,, and then packed it with the richest of their ' clothes and the bravest of the kuiok knacks .in tko house. "For," said she, ".we must .seem to be sick folk, i or, who will beliove in the bottle?" All the time' of her preparation she was as gay as a bird ;, only when she looked upon Keawe, the tears would, spring in her eyes and she must run and kiss him. As for Koawo a, weight was off his' soul ; now that' lie had his secret whored, and somo! hope in front of. him, ho seemed like a new man, his feet went lightly on the earth, and. his breath was good to him again. Yet was terror still at his elbow ; and ever and again, as tlio wind blows out a taper, hope died in him, and he saw the flames toss and the red fire burn in hell. It was given out: in the country thoy were gone pleasuring to tho States ; which was thought a strange thing, and yet not so strange as the truth,, if any could liaye guessed it. So thoy went to HonoluIu in the Hall, and .thence in the Umatila to .San Francisco with a crowd of Hqolcs, and at San. Francisco took their, pass age by the mail brigantine, the Tropic Birch for Papeete, the chief .place of tke.Frenoh in the South Islands. . Thither they camb, after a pleasant voyage, on a fairday.of the trade wind, and-saw the reef with the surf breaking ..and Motuti with its palms, and the. schooners riding withlaside, . and the . white houses of tho town low. down along the. shore .among green trees,' and .overhead the clouds of .Tahiti, and. Wis© Island. It wa3 judged the most wise to hire a house, which they, did accordingly opposite the British consul's to make a great parade of money, and themselves conspicuous with carriges and horses. | This was very easy to do : as long as . they had tho bottle in their, possession, for Kokua was more bold than Koawe, aud -whenover she had a mind called on the imp for .20 or 100 dollars. At this rate they soon grew to be remarked, iu the town; -and the strangers from Hawaii, their riding and their driving, the fine holokus.nnd tho riok lace of Kokua, became the, matter of much talk.. Thoy got on- welt : after the first with the Tahitian language, which is liko to the Howaiian with a change of certain letters:; and as soon as they had-any freedom of speech, began to push the bottle. You are to consider it was no easy subject to introduco ; it was not easy to persuade people 'you were in earnosfc when yon offered to sell them for centimes the spring of health and richcsinexhaustible. It was necessary besides to explain the dangers of the bottle ; and either people disbelieved the whole thing and laughed, or they thought the more of the darker part, became overatst with gravity, and drew; away .from Keawe and Kokua as from persons who had been dealing with the devil. So far from- coining ground, these two began to find they were avoided in tho town ; the children1 ran away, from them screaming, a thing intoler able to Kokua, Catholics crossed themselves as they.iwent by ; and all persons began with one accord to disengage themselves from their advances.-.-: - ' .-» : -Depression fell upon their spirits. - They would sit at night in their new housed after a day's weariness; and not exchange one1 word; or the silence would be broken by Kokna burst-' ing suddenly into sobs. Sometimes they would pray together ; sometimes they wonld have' the bottle 'out upon the floor,1 and Bit oil evening watching how the shadow hovered in the midst. At suoh times they would be afraid to go to rest; it was' long ere slumber came to them, and if either dozed off it would be to wake and find tho others silently weeping in the dark ; or perhaps to wake alone, the other hAvingfled from the house and the neighbourhood of that bottle to pace under the bananas in the little garden, or to wander on the beach- .by moon light. : - One night it was so when' Kokua awoke. Keawo was gone ; she felt in the bed, and his place was cold. Then fear fell upon her and she sat up in bed. A little moonshine filtered through tho shutters; the room was bright, and she oould spy the bottlo on the floor. Outside it blew high, the great trees of thc avenne cried out aloud, and the fallen leaves rattled in the verandah. In the midst of this Kokua was aware of another sound ; whether of a beast or of a man she could scarce tell, but it was as sad as death, and out her to the soal Softly she arose, sot the doorajar, and looked forth into the moonlit yard. There, under the bananas, lay Keawe, his mouth in the dust, and as he lay tie moaned. It was Kokua's first thought to run forward and console him. Her second potently with held her. Keawe had borne himself before his wife like a brave man; it became her little iu the hour of weakness to intrude upon his slmme. With the thought she drew baok into the house. "Heaven," she thought, " how careless have I been, how weak 1 It is he, not I, that stands in this eternal peril ; it was he, not I, that took the curse upon his soul. It is for my sake, and for the love of a creature of 60 little worth and such poor help, that he now beholds so close to him the flames of hell, ay, and smells the stnoke of it,' lying without there in the wind and moonlight. Am I so dull of spirit tb&t; never till now I have surmised my duty? or have I seen it before and turned asido? But now, at least, I take up my soul'in both the hands of my affection ; now I say farewell to the white stops of heaven and the waiting faces of my friends. 1 A love for a love, and let mine be equalled with Keawe's 1 A soul for a soul, and let it be miue to perish. (To Be Continued,). 