UNABLE TO SLEEP. There seems no reason whatever to doubt (writes " Peerybiugle" in The Weekly Times / that tlie death of young Melluish from an over dose of clilorodyiie, was the result of au acci dent. He was iu the babit of taking chlorodyne to induce sleep. Have you ever known what real sleeplessness means ? I do not mean the sleeplessness of a night or two, but that con stant insomnia that is the worst of all diseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future insanity, and it is a present hell. The word sleeplessness comes trippingly off the tougue, hut it is a fear ful thing to suffer. Think of what must be the night- life of a man who cannot sleep, yet who lias the courage to refrain from indulging in the dearly-bought stupor obtained from drugs. He seeks his bed at midnight, and tries to court slumber by reading. He reads, page after page, but fails to grasp the meaning of the words. He turns back and strives to fix his attention once more, hut in vain. His "brain 'is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp the meaning of the printed sentences. lie lays down the book, puts out the lieht, and resolves to tire the brain out. Tlie ligliing of the wind around his house becomes endowed with language ; the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous system with a nameless horror, for it accuses hhn of some forgotten sin, or shapes itself info a prophc-cy of scare fearful and impending danger. He peoples the darkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and wheu he closes, his eyes tightly, to shut them out, and turns his face down upon the pillow, they whisper in his ear he knows not what, save thathe feels they are accusations, and that he is cursed of heaven and has 110 light to burden a fair and happy' world with liis blighting presence. Then perchance he will doze — it is -not sleep — and he will in dreams live an age of ghiistly terror. He will commit murder and be condemned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, he will start up to find himself in a cold perspiration that makes him feel clammy and sick. He will light his lamp and look at his watch, and will sink back with aweary moan when he learns that it is not. yet live minutes since he quenched the light. Every ten minutes through the long watches of that endless night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible conviction will dawn upon him .that this is the eternal nignt of deatlr, and that the morning will never come. When at last the day breaks it brings no pleasure to him, for his nerves and brain have been at such a tension that he rise3 , sick at heart, and unrefreshed of body. The light is something to be thankful for. however ; hut the day is Boon over, and the still, horrid, phantom-peopled night is to be faced again. What ,6hail he do ? His resolution is gone. He feels that.it is the madhouse or the grave. Is it any wonder then that he should fly to drugs ? They give him at least forgetfulness. They shutonttheterriblesightsand close his ears to the ghostly whisperings. They do not give him refreshing slumber, but they give him the Bweet oblivion of death until the morn. There are good people, people who can sleep like a top! who are loud in their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to induce sleep. "They jest at scars that never felt a wound. " 