A FINAL RECKONING* A TALE OF BUSII LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. By G. A. HENTY. CIIAPTKR XVUI.-Settlixo Accounts. Roubon aooii checked tho speed of his'horse*. Anxious us ho was to arrive us soon as possible, lie might, for aught ho kuow, yot havo occasion to try tho animal to tho utmost, aucl ho there Joro reduced tho almost racing pace at which ho had startod into an ordinary steady gallop. Tho horses woro fresh and in good condition, and for several miles kept up tho spaco without ilagging. Then thoywero allowed to eoso down into a walk until they got their wind again, and then stnvtod into tho pace, half cantor, half gallop, which is tho usual rato of progression of tho colonial horses. Tiioy drow roin at last on a slight eminence from which tho Donalds’ station, a mile or so distant, could bo por ccivcd. “Thank God,” Roubon muttered to himself, “ I am back boro at last. Thoro is no occasion for further hurry,” and tho lioraes were allowed to go at an easy walk, “Ainu on horseback,” Jiiu suddenly said, touching Reuben's arm, “ Whore—where, Jim V” “ Gono from do house, sah, trough dom trees. Dare ho go again, ho gallop fust.” Roubon had not caught sight of tho figure, but ho pressed his spurs against tho horses sides. “ 1 will seo who it is, at any rate. Jim, do you rido straight on to tho house ami say I shall be thoro in a fow miuutcB,” As Reuben rodo nt a headlong gallop towards the point whero his courso would probably intersect that of tho horseman riding in tho direction Jiiu had pointed out, ho turned over rapidly in his mind tho thought whothor his anxiety for Kato Ellison was not making a fool of him. Why should ho turn from Mb couvse just at tho oml of a long journoy to start at full speed on tho track of this ligure of which Jim bad caught only a glanco? It might ho a stock man or someone who lmd ridden over from ono of the neighbouring stations to boo how Donald was getting on ; but ovou so, ho told himself, no harm wns-dono bj’his assuring himeolf of that. It was not tho way Air. Darker would take to his station: had it been a neighbour ■who lmd como over he would not bo likely to leave again so early; neither of tho constables would bo ruling away in dcflanco of his orders on no account to stir auy distnuco from tho house. Prosontlv ho caught a gltmpso of tho horse man. IIo was not more than hnU ‘a tnilo away now, but tho view ho obtained was so instanta neous that ho could not distinguish any parti “Ho is riding fast, anyhow,*’ ho said— “ faster than a mau would travel on ordinary business, lie iB either a messenger sent oil urgent business, or it. id Thorne.” lie Blightly altered thodirection of his course, for tho speed at which tho hoiscman wan travel ling must take him ahead of him at tho point whom Bonbon had calculated upon cutting him oil In a short distance ho would get a view of him, for tho treea ended liore and the plain was open and unbroken save by low bush. When tho figure came clear of tho tines ho was but. a quarter of uinileaway, and Keubcn guvoastart, for ho rocognised at ouco tho uniform of his own corps, It could only be one of tho men left at Donald’s, and, with an exclamation of auger, Reuben pressed his horso to the utmost in pursuit of tho man, who was now almost directly uhoad, ut tho sumo timo uttering a loud call. Tho man glanced hack, but to Kcuben'o surprise, instead of stopping, waved bis hand ubovo his head and pressed forward. Two miles wore traversed hoforo Keubcn was beside “ What do you menu *r” ho thundered out. But tho man pointed ahead. Ho has carried oiV Miss Ellison, sir, and lias shot Brown dead. I will tell you after wards. Tlioro, do you Beo, sir, over that brow At tho moment Koubensawafigurnon horse* hack rieo against tho sky-lino fully two miles in “ Hide steadily, Smithson,” ho said ; “ keop mo in viow, and I will keop him. Wo must ovortako him in time, for his horso is carrying double. 1 shall push on, for I am hotter mounted than you are, nnd ho may try to doublo and throw ur ofT his traces. If any thing happens to mo don’t stop for a moincut, hut hunt that fellow down to tho end.” Keubcn hod boon holding his horso somowhat in hand duriug tho last milo, for ho thought thcro must bo some mason for tho constable’s strango conduct, hut ho now let him go, and urging him to his full speed, soon loft tho con* stablo hohind. Ho know that for somo die tanoo ahead tho country wao flat aud unbroken, and that tho fugitive would havo no chauco of conccalmont which over way ho turned. Upon Touching tho spot where ho had soon tho bush-. raugt*rpas8 tho wide plain opoued boforc him, and ho gnvo a shout of exultation as ho saw that ho hud ganed considerably. Tho fugitive, indeed, had ovidoutly not hoou pressing his ” Ho thinks ho has along journey hoforo him,” Boubon muttorod. ** I fancy bo’s mis taken. Ho thinks bo’s only got a constable after him, nnd that ho con onBily rid himBolf of liirn whenever ho comes up to lum. No doubt ho learned from somo of tho convictB that cvcryono is away, and thoroforo thinkB hiiusolf safe from nil pursuit when onco ho Ijob wipod out Smithson. All tho bettor, X Bbali ovor tako him all tho sooner.” Such indeed was tho viow of tho bushranger, who kopt along at a steady cantor, troubling himaolt vory little about tho solitary constable whom ho boliovod to bo in pursuit of him. When, indood, on glancing rouud ho saw that his pursued was within a quarter of a milo of him, lioroinod in his horse, and turning, calmly awaited his coming* Houbon at ouco checked tho Bpeed of biB horse. lie know that tho man was said to bo a deadly shot with his pistol, hut ho was con fident in his own skill, for, with constant and assiduous practice, ho had attained a marvellous proficiency with his weapon. But ho did not euro to givo his foo tho advantago which a man sitting on a steady seat possesses ovor ono sitting in tho saddlo of a galloping, horse; ho theroforo mlvauced only ut a walk. The bushranger put down tho change in spood to fear causod by his resoluto attitude, and shouted: , _ , . . “ Look hero, constuhlo ; you had best turn your horse’s head and go homo again. You know woll onougli that ouo constuhlo is no match for mo, so you had best roiu up boforo X pat a bullet iu your head. If you shoot you aro just as likely to kill tho young woman hero as you aro me, and you know I don t make any mistake.” ^ , ■ Itoubon was already conscious of his disad* Tantago in this respect, for tho bushranger hold tho girl on tho saddlo in front of him, so that hor body completely covered his. SUo f Published by special arningeBjC1)$, Uie uu^ior‘ was onvolopcd in a shawl which covered her head as wall oa her figure. Her cuptor hold her tightly pressed to him with his loft arm, while his right was freo to uso a piatoh Reuben chocked his horao at a distance of some fifty yards, while ho thought over tko best course to pursue. As ho paused, Thorne, forth© first time, noticed that it was an ofticer with whom lio had to deal, and not with tho constable who, as lm bolioved, was tho only one in tho district. Ho nttored a aavago> ox* nlamation, for ho felt that this materially altered tho conditions of the.affair. 11 Oh, it's you, is it?” ho said; “I thought it wos ouly ono of your mon; but tho advico l gave is as good for you as forliiin. I advise you to turn hack before all my mates aro down on you.** “ Your males will novor bo down on nnyono again, Torn Thorno,” Reuben said sternly. “Wo havo wiped outsovon of thorn, and the othor is u prisoner.” ‘ “It’s a lio!” tho hush*ranger said furiously. “They are two hundred miles away; m tho hush/’ “With your frleud Bobitu, oh? Yos they wore, but they aro not now, Thorne. Thoy aro lying under tho ashos of that hut of yours close to the treo whore you buried your treasure; and it’s I who am going to have help, not ycu. My mou will bo up in a fow minutes,” and ho glunocd round ut tho constahlo, whom tho bush-ranger now porcoivod for tho first tiino less than half a milo away. Reubon’s words had tho effect thoy wcroiu tondod to excite. Thoy tilled tho bush ranger with fury aud desire for vengeance, whilo tho sight of tho approaching constable showed him that unless he tool: prompt measures lie would havo two adversaries to light at once. Without a moment’s hesitation ho sot spurs to his horao aud dashed atltoubon. When within twonty yards ho tired. Rouhon folt a sharp pain as if a hot iron had beon passed across his chock. Thorno uttered a shout of exultation as ho saw him start, but, as ho kept his soat, again raised his hand to tiro. In an instant Reuben discharged liis pistol, and tho hush rangor’s woapou droppea from his hand, for Reuben's ballet passed through his wrist. Throwing the burden before bim headlong to tho ground Thorne drew a pistol with' his loft lmnu, and tho two shots rung out again at: al most tho namo inBtaut. Reubon, however, was slightly tho quickest, and this saved his life. His ballot passed through tho bush--—.*“ body, wliilo Thomo’s pistol was diverted some what from its aim, and tho bullet struck Ronbon’B loft shoulder instead of his lioud. In an instant lio had drawn another pistol. ^ “ Surronder, or I lire !” nnd then seeing, bj» tho clmngo in tho bushranger’s face and by his collapsing ilguro, that, ho was badly hit, ho waitod, still keeping Thorno covorod with tho muzzle, for tho buBhrangor had a charge left iii the pistol which ho still grasped in hi3 left Twico Thorno triod to raiso it, but in vain, Then ho reeled in the saddle, tho pistol dropped from his hand, and ho fell hoavily over on tho ground. Roubon nt onco leapou trom his Uorso ana ran i to raise Kato Ellison, who lay motionless ou the ground us alio had boon thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped round hor head he found siio was insensible. Kneeling besido her, ho raised her head to his shouldor, aud a minuto , lator tho constablo galloped up. ; Badly hurt, captain ?" no askod as ho leaped oft* his horse, for tho blood was stream- 1 ing down Reuben's face, and his loft arm hung , uscI'bs. ‘‘Nothing to spoak of, Smithson. Sco to Miss ; Ellison llrst. There is aomo water in my Mask j in tho holster ; just bring it hero and sprinkle lior faco. I hopo sho is only stunned: but that, scoundrel threw her olT with such forco that sho may well bo badly hurt.” “ Is ho dono for, captaiu ?” Uio man asked, glancing at tho prostrato llguro of tho bush ranger as lie proceeded to olwy Roubeu’s in structions ; “ because if you ain’t certain about ; it, I bad bettor put a bullet into him. Thoso follows aro fond of playing ’possum aud then turning the tables upon you,” “Thoro is no foar of that, Smithson: he’s bard bit. I hopo bo’s not dead, for 1 would rather that bo wero tried for bis crimes.” It was somo timo bnforo Kato Ellison opened lior oyes. For a momont she looked vaguoly round, tbon, as her oyes foil upon lloubon’s faco, sho uttered a Uttlo cry aud raised hcrsolf into a sitting position. “What is it, Captain WhitneyV Aro you badly hurt?” “Thank God you have recovered, Miss Ellison. You began to frighten mo horribly. I was afraid you wero seriously injured. Do not look so ulanued, I can assuro you I am not much hurt; only a ilesh wound, I fancy, in tho cheok, nnd a broken collar-bone.” “And you have saved mo again, Captain Whitney V” “ Yes. thank God, I havo had that good for tune,” Iteubon said quietly, “ ami this timo for good, for Tom Thorno will never molest you ag:i But can’t T do something? Your face is blending drcndfully. Pleaso lot mo bind it up,” and tearing of? tho bottom of her dress, sho proceeded to bandage Reuben's faco. Tho constable took ofT tho black silk hand kerchief which ho woro round his neck. “ I think, miss, this will make a sling for his arm. and when that is dono tho captain will he protty right. Do you think you can ride back, air?” ho asked whon ho had fastened tho handkerchief,‘1 or will you wait till I lido back •to tho farm and fetch help?” “I can lido well enough,” Reuben said, trying to visa to his feet, but ho found himself unablo to do RO. Tho hall after breaking his collar-hono had glanced downwards, and tho wound was a more serious one than ho had imagined. “No, I don’t think I can lidoback, Suuthcou.” “There is a light cart at the farm,” Kato Ellison said ; “ pleaso fetch that. I will stop hero with Captain Whitnoy till you comeback.” “I think that will bo the best way miss,” I ho constablo agreed, ami mounting ho rodo off at onco. It was an hour and a half beforo ho returned, bringing tho cart; hut before ho arrived Mr. and Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, tho former having returned from his visit, to tho farm just as tho constablo rodo in. While they had been ulono Reuben had hoard from Kato what had takou placo. “I did as you told mo, Captain Whitnoy, aud did not go outside tho door. Tho con stables kept a very sharp look-out, aud ono of them was always on guard by tho door, so thoro really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning ns I was washing up tho breakfast things with Mrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly lira! outside tho door, and before 1 had timo to think what it mount that man rushed in. Hu caught mo by tho wrist, and said, ‘Como along, it’s no uso screaming.’ Mrs. Barker caught up something and rushed at him, but ho knocked her down with tho butt end of his pistol. Then ho euught up hor shawl, which was lying on Uio chair closo by, aud throw* it over my head, and then caught mo up ami carried mo out. I tried to struggle, hut ho seemed to hold mo as if I wero in a vyco. 1 lioard Alice scream, and then I must havo fainted, for tho next thing I knew was that I was being carried along on horaoback. I was so mufliod up, and ho held mo so tight, that I folt it was no uso to strugelo, and 1 made up my mind to lie quite still as if I was still in sousiblo, till ho put mo down, and tlion—I think I intended to try and seize his pistol, or to get hold of a knife if there was ono, and if I could not kill him to kill myself. Thoro did not Boom tho least hopo of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not bo buck for hours. I sup posed that tho constables wore shot, and all tho mon round woro away with 3*011; and from tho distance you said you wero going, I did not think you could bo back for duys. Presently I felt him stop and turn his .iorae, and thou whon ho spoko I know that ho had not killed both the constables, and that ono of thorn had followed him. When you answored I thought it was }*our voico, though it soomod impossible; lmt I could not bo sure, hocauso I could not hear plainly through tho shawl. Then tho pistols wero lired, and I suddenly felt myself falling, and I did not know anything more till I saw you loaning over mo. But whoro aro all tho otliors, and how is it you aro hero alono? Of course you must havo turned hack beforo you got to whoro the bushrangors were.” “ No, I am glad to say wo succeeded with that part of tho work, Miss Ellison, and have wiped out tho bushrangors altogether. Wo havo got ono of thorn a prisoner, but all tho rost of tho gang aro killed, Tho distunco is not quito so far us wo thought it was. . It was a thirty miles’ march and two sixties. Wo attacked thorn at duybreak ou tho third day afterloaving.” , . “But it is only tho fourth day to-day, is it not ? At least it seouis so to rao. ” “ It fa tho fourth day, Miss Ellison, Whon wo fouud that tho loauor of tho gang wai not with thorn, and I lenrnod from tho man wo had taken prisoner that ho had stnrtod to rido back hero twenty-four hours boforc, I was naturally very anxious about you, knowing as I did wliat doaporato actions tho man was capable of. So wostarted at onco, and, after a sharp light with tho blacks, got down iu tho ovoning to tho watorbolo sixty miles on our way back,, where wo Juid oampod tho second night out. Of eourso tho horso I had riddon could travel no further, but I pushed on with ray black hoy ou two of tho horses which wo had taken from tho bushrangors, nu<l which had been led so far. Wo made another forty miles by midnight, aus thou halted till daybreak to give tho horsed rest, but thoy woro so done up this morning that wo could not got them much beyond a foot pace. Whon wo cama to the first settlement wo exchanged thorn for fresh ones and galloped on. and thank (Jod wo arc just in tiino.” The tears woro standing’ in tho girl’s oyes, as she laid her baud on lira and said quietly: “ Thank you. Thou you have ridden a lum drod und fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides having two lights, and all bocauso yon woro uneasy about ino'r” “Iliad, us you son. pood reason to bo uneasy, Miss Ellison ” At this moment a horse’s bools woro heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. Ho had on arriving at the station been mmblo to obtain any information as to whnt had taken place. Mrs. Donald was in a doad faint, Mrs. Barker bad just before ho arrived ridden off to moot hor husband ; but tho dead body of tho con stable by tho door and tho disappearance of Kite showed him what had taken place, nud he at onco started after his master. His hortso, howovoiv was a vory inferior ono to that ridden by Reuben, and until bo mot tlio constablo returning ho had been obliged to follow tho track of tho horses in front, bo ho did notamvont tho scone of tho fray till half an hour after its conclusion. Ho uttered exclama tions of dismay at seeing bin master’s condition, for Itouben lmd been gradually growing fnint, and could now scarcely support himself on in's olbow, Jim, howover, had taken tho precaution to ' anutch a bottlo of spirits from tho shelf boforo ho started, having au eye to, his own comforts as woll ns to the possibility of its being required. He now knocked olf tho neck aud poured some into tho cup of Reubcu’s flask and put it to his “Thank you, Jim; that is just what I, wanted.” “ Massa lio down quiet,” Jim said, “ no good Hit up;” tuid gathering a largo bunch of grass ho placed it under Reuben's head, mid Reuben .lay quiet iua half dreamy atato until Mr, and Mrs. Barkor rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, but sho was so stiff and bruised with lier fall tliat oho could scarcely uiovo forward to moot Mrs. Barker, and burst into tears as her friend throw her nrma round her. “ Tha^s right, my poor child.” Mrs. Barker enid; “a cry will do you good. Thank CJpd, my dear Kato, for your rescue.” “ I do indeed, Mrs, Uarkor. It Becms almost a miracle.” “ Chaplain Whitney seems to spring out of tho ground whenever he's wuntod. IIo Bcoma hurt badly. Tho constablo said it was a broken collar-bone, but it must bo something a good deal worso than that.” “ Oh, don’t say so, Mrs. Barker, nftor what ho’s done for mo. If ho wore to die !” “There, thero, don’t tremble so, child; wo must hope that it is not so bad as that; but he would hardly bo looking so bad as ho does for only a broken collar-bono. My .husband broko his ono day tho horse ran away with him among some treos, and he was up and about agaiu in a day or two. “Is ho badly hurt, do }’ou think, John ?” sho asked her huBlmmi wlio was kneeling besides Reuben. “ I hope not,” tho settler said. “ IIo ought not to bo like this only from a wound in the collar bone ; but of courso it may have gluucod down and dono somo internal mischief. I urn inclined to think that it is oxtreuie exhaustion ns much na anything—tho reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement.” “Hohasriddon a hundred and fifty miles siuco yosterday morning,” Kate said, “and has had two lights besides this. Directly ho know that tho leader of tho bushrangers had escape 1 ho catno on by himself.” / “ Oil! thoy caught tho bushrangers, did they?” Mr. Barker said joyfully. “I was afraid by his getting back hero bo soon that they must liavo missed them somehow, and found they were on tho wrong scent. And ho has ridden all tho way back, has ho ? A very zealous otliccr, Miss Ellison, a very zealous young officer indeed.” But Kate was too anxious and sliakon to mark tho significance of Mr. Barker’s tone. “Don’t teaBo hor,” his wifo said in a low voice. “Sho iB tornbly upset and Bhukon, uud can hardly stand. Ah! what is that?” Tho interruption was caused by a low groan from tho fallou buBbrnuger. “Shoot him dead, sab,’ Jim, who was supporting his master'll bond, oxcluimod. “Don’t let dat fellow como ’livo no longer.” “ I can’t do that, Jim,” Mr. Barker said, moving towards tho fallen man. ‘{Tho man is a thorough sfcoundrel, a murderer, ; and a robber; but ho is harmloBs now. Ono i cannot wish ho should recover, ovon for his own aako, for thero is enough agaiust him to hang him ten times over. Howevor, wo must do what wo can for tho poor wrotch.” So saying ho mixed some brandy with a Httlo wator in the cup, and peured it botvvecn tho ,hushrangcr’B lips. joinod her. * “I think so,” ho said; “I fancy ho is shot through tho lungs.” “ You must really Bit down, Miss Ellison; you look as white as a ghost, aud wo cannot liavo you on our hands just now. Wo havo got thorn pretty full as they aro. Ah! hero comes thocart.” Tho constablo had put a quantity of straw m tho bottom of tho light onrt, and Barker aud Jim raised Reuben and laid him in it. “ Wo must tako tho other too,” Mr. Barker said; “ tho man is alive, and we can’t leave him her lie Yes,” ICato said ; “ho must go too did Reuben a great wrong many years ago. I hopo ho will confess it before he dies.” Mr. Barker glanced at his wifo as Kate used tho young officer’s Christian name; but she was not thiukiug of Captain 'Whitney, but of tho boy Reuben who had been accused of | poisoning her father’s dog, and of eoumiittinga - burglary from his house. “You had bettor got up in front with tho constable, Miss Ellison,” the settler said when tho two wounded men had been placed in tho cart; “you certainly aro not fit to rido. Or, look hero, tho constable shall lake my horse and I will drive, and then 1 can look alter yon, and you can uso mo for a prop if you feol weak; but boforo wo start 1 must insist on your taking a sip of brandy and water. It is no uso your saving no.” bo persisted as tho girl shook her head. “ Wo shall havo you fainting boforo you got homo if you don’t,” Kato did as sho was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up hor nycR foil upon Reuben's face. “Oh, Mr. Barker!” sho said, “ho looks dead. You aro not deceiving mo, aro you?” “ Bless iui», no!” tho Bottler said cheerfully. “My opinion is that ho’s dead asleep. Tho loss of blood, tho sudden re-action after the long excitement, and tho exhaustion of his riite have completely ovoreotno him, and my opinion is that ho is sound asleep.” “ Jim, do you load your master's horse, wlulo tho constablo takes tho other, and then you two had hotter rido on and help Mrs. Donald to got things ready. Get a bed up at onco for Captain Whitnoy, and get Botno clean straw in the outhouse with ono of tho rugs over it for tho So Baying ho touched tho horse with the whip, and tho cart moved slowly on with Mrs. Barker riding bosido it. Sho would havo gouo on ahead to havo assisted in tho proparatiouH, hut she expectod momentarily to aeo Kato faint, and thought it hotter to remain with hor in caso her assistance should be required. Tho journey oc cupied somo time, for Mr. Barker picked tho wav carefully bo as not to jolt tho cart. Mrs. Barker oudoavomed to keep Kate's attention fixed bv uskiug hor questions as to what she had 'heard about tho expedition, ■wondering when it would return, and whether anv of tho eottlorB woro hurt. When thoy got within half a mile of homo sho said “ I think, donr, yon aro looking a Httlo bottor now. I will ride on. Fortunately thero is tho beef-tea wo nmdo lust night for Mr. Donald. I will get it mndo hot, and I will got u oup of strong tea ready for (>u. That will do wonders ” Whon tho cart arrived Mrs. Donald ran out, and as Kato descended clasped hor in a long einbraco. , “Como straight m hero, my dour,” Mrs. Barker said. “ I havo got a basiu of cold water and a cup of strong tea, and tho two together will do marvels. Wo will uttend to your wounded hero.” Reuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as ho was liftod out and curried into tho house, whero a bed had been nmdo up for him in a room on tho ground lloor. “ Just lay him down. Throw a blanket over him, and let him lio perfectly quiot.” “Do you think ho is really aalcopr” Mrs. Barker asked aa bIio looked at tho quiot face. “I do, really,” her husband replied. “Put your oar closo to Ida mouth. Ho is breathing as quiotly as a child, and,” lio added, placing his lingers on Reuben’s wrist, “ his pulcc is a Httlo fast, hut regular and quiot; twenty- four hours of sloop will sot him up again, unless I am greatly mistaken, I don’t expect that this wound will turn out anything very serious. Lot mo think. Was it not this aftonioon that Ruakin said ho would bo back again ?” “ Yoh, either yestorduy or to-day.” “That is lucky, IIo will bo surprised at find jng two now patients ou hia bauds now. I will go and havo a look at that poor wrotch in tho ehed. Givo mo a cupful of buef-toa; I will pour a spoonful or two between his lip?. You hail hotter go and look aftor Kato. You will not be needed here at present. If your ranstor wakes, Jim, lot us know directly,” ho said to tho black, who had sontod himself ou tlio ground by thosido of Bouhoa’s bod. “I can't call tho poor follow away from bis mastor,” ho added to Iris wife as bo closed tbo door bohiud thorn; “bat I am really anxious to know what has taken place out in tbo bush, and whether many of our follows have been killed. If, ns Kato said, she heard tho captain toll tbo bush-ranger that all bis baud bad boon killed, excopt ono who is a prisoner, it has in deed beon a moat successful expedition, and wo colonists can hardly bo sufficiently grateful to. Whitney for having rid ud of tboso pests. What with that, and tbo thrashing tho blacks havo lmd, wo shall bo nolo to sloop quietly for mouths, which is jnoro than wo have done for a long timo,” Kato oamo out of tho room with Mrs. Donald a minuta Inter. Tho baBiu of cold water .a d tho tea had tho offoct Mrs. Barker pro riictod. A littlo colour had roturnod into hor ebooks, and she looked altogether morn like horoclf. “How is ho?” Mrs, Donald asked. “ In mv opinion bo's doing capitally, Mrs. Donald; his pulse is quiot aud ovon, and ho’o' breathing as quietly ns a child, and I behove ho is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which ho is not likely to wako till to-morrow morning, and I prodict that in a fow days ho will bo up and about. Indeod, if tbat bullet hasn’t misbe haved itself, I soo no reason why ho shouldn't' bo up to-morrow.” “ That is indeed a roliof to us both,” Mrs. Donald said, while Kato could only clasp hor bands in silent thankfulness. “ And now, how is your husband ? I hope ho is none tho worse for all this exertion.” “Ho was terribly agitated at first,” Mrs. j Donald said. “I fainted,.you know, and ho got out of bed to holp me up, and it was as much ns I could do when I recovered to .got him to lie down, for ho wanted" to mount aud rido after Kate, although,’ of courso, ho ib as weak ns a child, and ovon with my liolp ho could scarcely got into bed again. Fortunately Mrs. Barker ran in, before sho started on horsoback to fetch you, to sny that the constable was off in pursuit, uud that quieted him. Thou I think ho was occupied in trying to cheer mo, for as soon as ho was in bed 1 broke down and criod till tbo constablo camo baok to 1 say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shot tho bushranger,” Threo hours later, to tho groat relief of all. the surgeon arrived. He was first taken in to look at Kcuben, liaviug beeu told all tho circum stances of tho ease, and ho confirmed Mr. Barker’s opinion that ho was really in a deep “ I would not wako him on any account,” ho said; “it is a great effort of nature, uud ho will, I hopo, awake quite himself. Of course I can't say anything about tho wouudtill he does. Now for his antagonist.” Tho bushranger was still unconscious, though occasionally broken words camo from his lips. Tho surgoon oxnmiued his wound. “ Ho is shot through tho lungs,” ho said, “aud is bloediug internally. I do not think there is tho shadow of a chance for him,nn:l no ono can wish it otherwise. It will only save tho colony tho expense of his trial. And now for my original pationt.” IIo was some time in Mr. Donald’s room, and when ho camo out proceeded ut once to mix him a soothing draught from tho ease of modiciucs ho curried behind tho saddle. “ Wo must gat him off to sleep if wo can,” ho said, “ or wo shall havo him in a high stato of fover before morning. A man in his state can’t go through such oxcitomont as ho has done without paying tho ponalty. And now, I suppose, I havo done,” he said with a smile as Mrs. Donald loft the room with tho medicine. 44 Yes, I think so,” Sirs. Barker said; “ if you had corao an hour earlier I should have put this young lady under your charge, but I think that the assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was doing well has been a hotter medicino than you could givo hor.” “No wonder b!iq is shaken,” Mr. Buskin re marked. “ Mrs. Barker tells me you had a heavy fall, too, Miss Ellison.” “Yes,” sho replied. “I was r.tutmcd for a timo, but beyond being stiff and bruised I am nono tho worse for it.” . “ Look hero, Miss Ellison,” tho doctor said, aftor putting his fingors on her wrist, 441 suppose you will want to ho about to-morrow when our bravo army returns. Now thoro is nothing you can do here. Mrs. Donald can nurse hor husband, tho other two requiro no nursing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, will take charge of tho house, and therefore, seriously, I would nsk you to tako this draught I am about to mix for you, and to go upstairs and go to bed and sleep till morning.” “ I.could not sloop.” Kato proteslod. “ Very well, then, lio quiot without sleeping, and if in tho ovening you find you aro restless you can como down for an hour or two; but I really must insist on your lying down for a bit. Now, Mr». Ihirkor, will you^tnko il»»a tnodiama r“i liopo sho* will gel oH to sloop,” Mrs. Barker said whon sho camo down-stabs agaiu. “I havo no doubt whatever about it,” Mr. Buskin replied. “I havo given her a very strong sleeping-draught, far stronger than I should think of giving at any other timo; but after tho tension that tho poor girl must havo gone through, it would need a strong doao to 1 tako olfect. I thiuk you will hear nothing more of her till tho morning.” Indeed it was not until tho sun was woll up the ? next morning that Kale Ellison woke. Sho could hardly boliovo that sho had slept all night, but tho eastern sun coming in through her window showed her that sho had done so. Sho still felt bruised and shaken nil ovor, but was otherwiso herself again.,t Sho dressed hastily and went downstairs. 44 That’s right, my door,” Mrs. Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. “ You look bonny and like yourself.” “Howare my brother and Captain Whit ney ?” Kato asked. “ I don’t thing Mr. Dnmild iB awnko yet,” Mrs. Barker replied : “ hut Captain Whitney ims just gono out to tho shed with my husband and the surgeon,” “ Cnno out to tho shc.1 !” Kato repeated in astonishment. “ Yos, my dear. That poor wrote!* out there is going fust. Ho recovered consciousness about two houre ago. The constable was sitting up with him. Ho asked for water, and then lay for some timo quite quiot. Then ho Riiid, 4 Am I dreaming, or was it Bcuben Whitney I fought with V ‘ Yes, it was Cap tain ltoubou Whitney, our inspector,’ tho constablo replied. “For a timo ho lay quiot again, and thou said : 41 want to seo him.’ The constablo told him lio was asleep aud couldn’t bo woko. “ 4 Is he badly wounded?* tho man asked. ‘I know I hit him’ ‘Not very badly, I hope,’ tho constable answered. 4 When lie wakes ask him to como to me,’tho man said. 41 know I am dying, but I want to seo him first. If ho can’t como lot somebody else como.’ Tho constable camo in and roused tho doctor, who wont out and saw him, and said ho might live threo or four hours yet. .Soon after wairis, just as tho sun rose, Jim camo out to say that hi? master wub awake. Mr. ItuBkin wont into him and examiuod his wound and probed tho courso of tho bullet. It lmd lodged down just at tho bottom of tho shoulder-bone. I am glad to say ho was able to get it out. When ho had done ho told his patient what tho bushranger had said, and# Captain Whitney in sisted upon going out to him. 44 it won’t do him any haim, will it?” Kate asked anxiously. “ No, ray dour, or Mr. ltuBkin would not lmvo let him go. I saw him ay he went out, and shook hands with him, and, except that nasty bandage over his face, ho looked quite himself again. As I told you, a brokon collar bono is a moro nothing, and now wo know wlioro tho bullot wont and have got it out, thoro is no occasion for tho slightest anxietv. Horo they como again, so you can judge for your A vory few words passed botweon Reuben and Kato, for Mrs. Burkor, who saw how nervous tno girl was, at onco began to ask him questions about what tho bushranger had said. “Ho has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, which your husband has written down, and Mr. Buskin and Smithson havo signod. It is about a vory old story in which I was concerned when a boy, but it is a groat gratification for mo to havo it cleared up at last. I was accused pf poisoning a dog belonging to Miss Ellison's father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premises, and was acquitted, tlmuks only to Miss Ellison’s influence exerted on my bo half, I fear.” ho said with a slight smile, “ somewhat illegally. However, tho imputation would have rested on mo all my lifeif itlmdnot | been for Thorno's confession. I thought that ho did tho first affair. I knew that he was con cerned in tho second, although I could not prove it; hut ho lias now inado a lull confession, say ing that ho himself poisoned tho dog, and con firming tho story I told at tho trial. “Oh, I am glad !’* Kato exclaimed. “ know, Captain "Whitney, that I w-.w of your innocence, hut I know how you must havo longed for it to bo proved to . . .... . "•it..}_ >r. tho world. What will you do, Mr. Barker, to nmko it public ?’* “ IshaUsonda copy of tho confession, pro porly attested, to tho magistrates of Lowes, n?id uuothor copy to the paper which, Captain Whitney tollB tno, is published thoro weekly.*' ‘11 suppose there is no hopo for him Kato asked in a low voice. “ Hois’dying now,* Barker said. “ Ruskm I is with him. Ho was fast becoming uncou scIoub whoa wo left blm, aiidJJRuskin said tha the end was at bau » ' A.quarter of an hour later tho surgoau came in with the nows that all was over. 44 Now, Captain Whitnoy, you must oomo into vour room and let rao bandage up your shoulder properly. I hadn't half time to do it before,” “But you won’t want mo to Ho In bed or any nonsense of that sort ?” Reuben asked. “ I would if I thought you would oboy my orders ; but as I eeo no cbunco of that, I shall not trouble to givo them. Seriously, I do not think thoro ia any necessity for it, providing always that you, will keop youraolf very quiet. I shall bandage your arm across your chest, bo there cau bo no movement of tho shoulder, and when that is done X think you will bo all right,” . There was only ono moro question which Reuben had to ask with regard to tho ovent of tho precoding day—why it was that Smithson did not go to liis comrade’s assisUnco. IIo then learned that Thorno rodo quiotly up to tho back of tbohousoond dismounted, then wont to tho stable, where Smithson wasasleop, having been on guard during the night, and pushed a piece of wood undor tho latch of tho door, eo that it could not be rawed. Having thus securely fastened Smithson in, ho had gone to tho front of tho house, and had apparently shot down tho constable there before tho latter was awaro of his presence. Smithson, awakened by tho shot, tried in vain to get out. and was only released by Mrs. 'Barker when Bho recovered from tho stunning blow which tho bushranger had struck her. He had then mounted at once aud followed in pursuit. In tho afternoon tho party returned from tho bush, having experienced no further molesta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to intorfere with the progress of Reuben's wound, nud in tho course of a fortnight he was again ablo to reaumo hia duties. Tho comploto des truction of tho gang of huslirangors, and tlio energy with which thoy had been pursued into tho very heart of tho bush country, made a vaat Eousation in tho colony, and Reuben gained great credit and instant promotion for his couauct. A month after tho return of tho party from tho buBhMr. Donald was about again, and, ‘aa tho danger was now paBt, ho abandoned hia idea of Bolling his property. Tho course which events took can be judged by tho following long conversation botwoon Mrs. Donald aud her Biator three months lator. u Well, Kato, after all ho has dono for us, of courso I have nothing to say against it, and I , don't supposo you would miud if Iliad ; still, I do think you might have dono hotter.” 441 could not have dono bettor,” Kato said i hotly,41 not if Iliad hud the pick of tho whole colony,” “ Well, not in ono way, my dear, for you know that personally 1 like him almost ns well ns yon do, -Btifl, 1 do think it ia a littlo unfortunato that—wo over knew him before.” “And I think it’s extremely fortunate,”' Kato said Btoutly. 44 If it hadn’t been that ho ' had known us beforo mid cared for mo—ho aays worshipped, but that’s nonsense—over since I I was a child, ho would never have made that I terrible rido, and I—” “Oh, don't talk about it, Ivato; it's too I dreadful oven to think of now. Well, my dear, j no doubt it’n all for the best,” Alice said, j philosophically. “At nuyratc, you aro quite ! happy, and ho is a noblo follow. But I hope 1 for your sakn that ho won’t stay in the police. It would bo dreadful for you when ho was ridiug about limiting after bushrangers and blacks, for you know, my dear, tliero uro plenty of others loft iu tlio colony.” “ I told him so yesterday,” Kuto said, shyly. “I said, of course, that I didn’t want to iuilucnco him.” Alice broke into a laugh. “ You litlla goose, as if what you say doesn’t iuHucuco him.” Thrco weeks later Jlcuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. “ My dear Whitney, I am glad to hear from you that you aro engaged to ho married, and tho cireumotunecs which you toll mo of make it a most interesting affair. If I were yon I should cut tho constabulary. I lucloso a paper from Wilson giving you thrco weoks* leave. Como down to Sydney nt onco and talk it over with rao. You know I regard you ns my son, and I am going to have a voico in the matter.” Iteubcn wont down to Sydney, and after ascertaining his views, Mr. Iluduon went into town and forthwith arranged for tho purchase for him of a partnership iu tho chief engineering firm in tho town. When ho told Captain Wilson what ho had done tho latter declared that ho had robbed tho colouy of its bcstpolico officer. Houbon protested against tho gonoroaity of tho old sottler, but tho latter declared ho would havo no nonsense on tho subioct. ‘ I mn one ot tticricnestmcn m tno colony," ho said, “ and it's hard if I can’t speud my monoy as I chooso.” Them is little more-to.tp.il. llouhen hccamo nun of Mm mn/liiu? citizens .of svdnow imJ twenty years nftonvards sold his business and roturnod to England and bought an estate not far from Lnves, whom lie is still living with his wifo and family. He was accompanied from Australia by his mother, who, in spite of her strong objections to tho sea, went out to live with him two years after Ins marriage. Tho only point upon which Kouben Whitney and his wifo havo nover been ublo toconio to on absolute ngrecmonlis as to which owes moat to tho other. [the end.] 