SECONDARY EDUCATION. Once rnovo the . woll-worn suhjoct of secondary education is coming to the front, in order that tho point may bo discussed of the value of cortain specific branches of study to the grand ond in. view in ail instruction. Now it must be understood by all; that this ond is not the mme acquisition of cer tain branchos of study, tlio achievement of .proficiency in languages, mathematics science or general literature, but consists in rendering the young, in the host degree fitted-.to ,_take their part in the battlo of life."' We have no sympathy with tho Tranceiulentalist School of thinkers who prate about the "absolute value of learning" and the desirability of soolcing knowledge for its own sako. The German Iacobi and tho English Berkeley, tho Eronch Royer- Collnvd and the American Emerson are all exponents of this doctrine that a subject should bo studied for what it is, not for what it will bring.. But, as Hegel says, this would be true were wo not dopondont on our exertions for our livelihood, and ho is generally the man who fares best in the world, who can in tlio greatest possible degreo.mako bis. provious education subserve the purpose of gaining liim an honorablo and honost livelihood. The world; in Jorduiy Benbliam's pliraso, is every year becoming more utilitarian. It looks more to ends that are practical and UBef ul, than thoso that aro merely theoretic and ornamental. The Iloro for tho Carlylean Hero-Worship of the coming century, will be tho clover adaptor of means to onds so as to pro duce the greatest possible rosults at the least possible cost, and in . the smallest possible duration of time. Education also shaves this progressive spirit of tlio ago, this fin de Steele feel ing that permoates all peoples, all lands, all climes, Tlio land-marks of past periods of progression aro thus in their turn being lost Bight of. Wo are rapidly mounting to the crest of the third great wave of progress that lias swept- across the world daring the 19th cen tury, to wit, the Reform Bill of; 1832, tho rush of scientific and mechanical invention after tho A.ustro- Prussian war of 18G6, when tholattor country became the recognised head of the Gorman Confederacy, and now lastly that of our own day, which takes tho form of a breaking down of old class restrictions, and imparting to the working-clasBos a social impetus they never recoivcd before. As ITorbort Spencer puts it, tho last poriod will probably bo the greatest of tho throo. To education, and more particularly to secondary education, do. we wish to apply tho principles now laid down. Nay; wo would still further narrow tho platform, and say to tlio secondary edu cational establishments in Rockhampton ai'o we anxious to apply the test of which wo hnvo mado mention, viz., tho benefi cial character of- tho system they adopt to the end of fitting youth in the Lost possiblo mannor to play its part in tho battlo of life? This is the tost to which all systems of education. should be sub jected, and tho criterion of tho yaluo of overy branch of study, should bo —IIow will it boar upon fitting tbo student to worthily play his or her part in' the world of to-day ? Wo say in tho world of to-day bocauso — alas, that it should bo so — tho principles inspiring tho entire educa tional economy of tho prosont time, are dominated by an undue regard and attention to tho things of tho Past. Tho study of the Dend Languages, and of tho Literatures of Nations dead well- nigh ; two "thousand y.oars, has . b'eon ostoemed far too highly by. thoso ,lo .whom has been "committed . the direc tion of tho studios in the groat scholastic and academic institutions of the World. We have been literally " hag-ridden " by the ghosts of tlie. Greeks, and .Romans in; all our schools aud colleges to the grie vous neglect of the vital — tho real Pre sent. - Longfellow in oue of the finest stanzas of his glorious " Psalm of Lifo" sings — .Trust no Future howo'er pleasant j 'I list the dead Fast bury its dead. Act, — Act in the Living Present Heart within— and God overhead. This is the sentiment that should govern all our actions and our .aspirations, and particularly, should be the guiding and directing force in any system of education. We wish to. be workers in the streots of the Present, not dwellers in gloomy cavos of the Past, and the more our systems of education carry out this' principlo in its entirety, the more are our youth likely to become men and . women capable of noble and honorablo achievements. Havo.tliero not been boys and girls of our day wlio could i-un over tho history of Greece' and Rome, but could not toll you the dato of the Groat Charter or its loading provisions ; who could givo you the geographical distribution of tho ancient, world - when Rome . was its Mistress, or tho political divisions- of - Greece, yet - had. not the ghost of an idea where woro the Straits of Magellan,, or. the causes which led to tlie riso of tho Modern' Kingdom of Italy. Also, thoro aro othors who could-find' their way through the intrica cies of Livy, or some of the hard choruses of Soplioclos or Euripides, yet could not havo analysed a sentence of English' prose to savo their lives. Wo require our education >o bo thoroughly ' modernised, to be. suited to tho present, . that is, so that. pur youth may be. fitted to compete on equal terms with those of othor countries, to wit; the Gormdii and tho French; \ylio view education in a more philosophical light than wo. : Rockhampton : will -speedily bo "in , a position to boast of the possession of . two Educational. establishments of the secondary typo that will offer vory special advantages to tho youth of our town aud district. Tho Boys' Grammar School has of course boon in: existence for some years past, aud lias "done ex cellent work, especially during tlio last two or three years. It is well conducted, yet still wo would liko to seo a more pronounced modern spirit pervading its system than is tho case at present. Thoro is no reason that what has been tho oaso in tho past should ovor-. lastingly bo so in the futuro. Wb contend that were popular scionco more largoly taught than at present the results would bo eminently benefi cial. Thou as regards the Girls' Gram mar School, which promises to bo also a groat success, we would earnestly im- pross upon tho trustees the advantage of embracing in tlioir curriculum as many of the modern' scionco branches now taught in our leading establishments; both in the colonies and at homo. " Lot the dead PaRt bury its doad." Wo wish to soo our Girls' Grammar School tako up a leading position amongst tlio seminaries of Quoonsland, but it will never do so, unless it endeavors to kcop paco with that modern spirit oE progress and development, which is stirring up tho dry bones in every profession and from which that of education has uot boon exompt. 