The Wine That Conquer’s Care. Nay, frown not, fairest I Chide no more, Nor blame the blushing wine ; Its fiery lips are innocent When thrills the pulse with thine. Go, leave the goblet in my hand, Bat veil thy glances bright, Best wine and beauty mingling here, Should wreok soul to-night. Then, dearest, to the ancient vine, In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, nrohed lip and quell The wine that conquers aare; And breathe upon tbo glowing cup, Till thus its perfumes be Sweet as the scent of the orango groves Upon some tropio sea. Then while the fingers idly Btray In dalliance o’er the lyre, Sing to me lovo, some rare old song That gushed from heart of fire— Song such as Grecian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia’s glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men Bing bravely out once more 1 Sing till ngaiu the ghost-white tents Shine on tho moonlit shore 1 Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of tho past I My soul shall follow thee— Its boundless depths aro echoing Thy glorious minstrc-lsy; And aB the sweet vibrations hang Unfettered on the air.' I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conquera'care; ~ A Great Traffic in Fowls—Speaking oi tho immense number;' of 'fowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal Bays: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of: the ordinary size, tut specially constructed for this traffic. The Bides are of lattice-work, and internally the van is divided-into nine tiers, or shelves. On each tier there-are twelvo cages, and each cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. Jn this way ■ thev.prodigious number of three thousand,twerhundred and fifty-fowls is con veyed in a singla waggon. The cages are provided with tins forwater on one side and for corn on the other, and there is a door in each through which anyfowlthat is injured or sickly can be at once removed. The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they come from Milan or even from Venice, and in many cases are sent through direct as far as the Spanieh frontier. We often thank Heaven that we I a e not as the Italians in tho matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do so with justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to tho markets oi London or Glasgow could see tho arrangements that are made for the accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would eurely pray to be delivered from tho oarelcss kindhearced ness of the English, and handed over to tho calculating mercies of tho Italian. Beggars Supported by Gamblers-—Per haps toe eatno.eid are the best support of beggars. I! you know where a poker gemo or a faro bank is located—of course yon don’t; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know i will be quite a surprise to you to learn that they exist, if, indeed, you know what they are—you’ll always find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers aro superstitious, and they will not upon any consideration pass a begg3r by without giving him a small contribution. It would be bad luck. Perhaps there’s a trifle of consaieuce about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be ap peased by their helpiug the needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a beggar. I have known actors imbued with thesams sentiment. I only know one dramatist who owned the snperstilmn. He had a play com ing oat, and the night it was to be produced, juBt before tho curtain went up, a beggar taokled him. He pave him a penny. “ There,’’ said he, ’’ that’s good look. My play will be a go." It was a terrific failure. " I wish I’d given him a florin I ” he said. The superstition wa3 all right. The amount hadn’t been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. His Costumes-—Biehard Wagner gener ally received hie visitors in medimval oostnmes such as ho always wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amussd at the masquerade. “ You are all dressed up to play ‘ Geasler,’ eh ?” said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurt, the feelings of the author of “ Tannbauser,’’ who nevertheless returned M. DumaB’ visit when next he went to Paris. After same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed iu a magnificent dreasing-gown with large flower pattern, a helmet with flying plames, a life-belt round bis waist, and enormous riding boots. “ Pardon me,” said bo majestioaliy, “ for appearing in my working costume. I can do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideas live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, which are indispensable to me when I write my love Beenes.” Moral Courage —There is a brave man in Kentucky. Toe State is noted for the bravery of her sons and the beauty of her daughters; but the man we speak of has a kind of courage which is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John S. Rhea. On the stump recently, Mr. Rhea descanted with freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal combat. Rbea de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. He did not believe in duelling. 2. It was against the law. 3. There was some one dependent upon him to whom he owed promotion. 4. His acceptanos of a challenge would exclude him from the practice of his profession in Ken tuoky. There are arguments which his op ponents will find it difficult to answer. At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling arc praetically bonnd to treat their opponents with the most scrupulous persona] respect. A feeble but facetious applicant for em. ployment in Brisbane called upon the alder man from his ward, the other day, and press ing his olaima to consideration upon the ground of service rendered upon election, urged the alderman to secure him a place. “ Why, my dear fellow, you are too sick to work. I would gladly do anything I eould for you, but it is out of the question : there is no one of the departments that would fit your case." “Isn’t there? What’s the matter with the Health Department? ” Female students are numerous in Paris (most ul them Russians), and generally poor, so they club together and put their resources into a common fund. One room is used as a dormitory, another as a study, etc., and a Rinalo flnnlr dnoa oil. 