0antwattb—'' Sir, your bill has been running six months.'' Do Fer—" Let it rest, please." "I sat, Jenkins, can yon tell a yonng chicken from an old one ? " " Of coarse I can." " Well, how ? " " By the teeth." " Chickens don't have teeth." " No, bat I have." Tompkins (standing in front of a restaurant, to a friend)—" Hello, John, will yon take something ?" John— "Well, yes, I don't care if I do." Tompkins—" Well, come and take a walk." Sutggebs—" There goes that fellow who possesses every land of vice. He's a smith." Swift—" Ah! but he has jast passed a man whose hands ere literally steeped in blood. He's oar batcher." " Abe yoa sare it was the spirit of Lindley Murray who came at the medium's call?" "Oh, yes; he said so himself. I said, ' I want the spirit of Lindley Murray,' and the ghost replied, ' I'm him.'" " What a sweet yoang lady Maude has become 1 And formerly she was so saucy." " An expert young lady, yon think ? " " A what ? " " An ex-pert young lady." « Oh!" Father—"Don't you ever let me see you sitting in a hammock with a yoang man again." Dutiful Daughter —" All right, pa. I'll have it removed to a place that isn't overlooked by your study window." N. E. Body—" That's a pretty bad pair of shoes you have on, my friend." Impecunious Reilley—"Yis sor; the gintleman who give 'em to me yisterday is charitable, sor, bat he's mighty ayconomical 1" Mb. Isaacs-—'* I sells yoa dot coat at a great sacrifice." Customer—"Bat you say that of all your goods. How do you make a living ? " Mr. Isaacs— " Meiu freint, I makes a schmall profit on the paper and string." Dootob—" Well, my fine little fellow, j you have got quite well again ? I was i sure that the pills I have left for you would cure you. How did you take them—in water or in cake ? " « Oh, I used them in my popgun," " Anybody'ud think," remarked the office boy discontentedly, "from the amount of work they expect me to do that I owned an interest in the concern." James —" Is Miss Knowitall a graduate of Vassar ? " William " She is." "I thought she was. I heard her ask if the muzzle of a gun was to prevent it going off." " My income is small," said a rather dilatory lover, " and perhaps it is cruel of me to take you from your father's roof. " But I don't live on the roof," was the prompt response. bobbow. Many are the tears that fall, But the saddest of them all Are the tears which slowly sneak To your chin, adown your cheek, "When you find your new summer hat Has been sat on and crushed fiat. Prosperity Spoils a Man—After a good season comes a bad one, as sure as fate; but most men seem to think that good fortune has come to stay, and they set np a buggy and pair, and Bpend every penny as it comes in. They find it mnch harder to come down than to go up. Wouldn't it be better to spread the fun a little thinner ? A Bad Spec.—A missionary, just arrived from the EaBt, met, at the out skirts of a Kansas settlement, a boy with a pole on his shoulder. " Ah, my boy," said the good man, " going fish ing, I see! I, too, am something of a fisherman—I am a fisher of men." " Yoa won't ketch mnch in this town," said the boy, " thar's seven real estate agents here now." Said Labouohere recently: " The expression of a fashionably-dressed woman now is emphatically one of nakedness. Her sleeveless bodice cut half way to the waist, betrays much and suggests more. Her large white £rms, her uncovered shoulders crossed' with an airy line, her bast displayed to the last inch permitted by the law which protects morality Sad forbids obscenity,; her back bared in a wedge-shaped track to her band, the color of her gown scarce distinguishable from her skin, and the * fit * one which moulds the figure and makes no pretence at —In this indecent: nudity she offers her se^o pdb^i^niiwtfefi^* Sind iffibjfold loon of the meS Are the eareBses whidh scats her purr with pride and pleasure. Her dress is her note of invitation/' 