NORTH WESTERN HOUNDS. (Br M Tallt-Ho.') I 11 Farmer Hodge to his dame says—* I'm sixby and lame, Times are bad, aud my rent I must pay ; But I don't care a jot if I raise it or not, I must go a hunting to-day.' ' In the annals of Elizabeth Town end White foord Hills laet Saturday will surely be marked with a red letter. One thing is certain, that Saturday's hunt will long be remembered sod talked over by all who bad a part in it. With what might even in Ibia diatriet be called a etiff country, there was no shirking of big jumping in tbe hunting field has nevrr been witnessed in Tasmen-a; -indeed the s'raight going of ma- y of our voonger members «pe*ks well for the future of - the olub .As I hart alluded to these less experienced huntsmen, I may say that it would be well for tbem to rem un ber the advice of Adam Lindsay Gordon :— 'Look Lefore yon leap, but if You mean lespieg don't look long, Or the weakest plaoe will soon get stiff And tbe strongest doubly strong.' Tbe greatest difficulty will be to get them to look nefore tbey l-^p To resume— it bad been ini-en-Jed, as per advertisement, to meet at the Duuorlan State school, but at tbe last moment this place was f-und to be inconveni ent, so oar rendezvous was ohanged to Eliza beth Town The 'throw off' 6oc k pltice ia the paddock oppesite the police btat;on ly kind permission of Mr Boonilly, through whose land tbe hounds lad us during tbe first part of tbe run. Passing through Messrs. Alex. Duncan's, Smiih's, and Fisher's pro pert'ee oyer several good fence*, we cross into Mr Joseph Conroy's f^rm, tbe hounds t&biog; us through his y*rd and thence over the Whitefoord Hills road, doubling back into the eame road lower down, where a ob'-ck is ord**red. Starting again into Mr J. M Griffin's, one of the ugliert f noes of the day ia safely got over by eight or nine of tbe first nigbt ' In the white streak of rail not the ghost of a gap' landing us in the farm of Mr Jas. Suilivao, towards whose homestead tbe bounds head, where a doab'.e, tbe greates-t obstacle we en counterrd, ia negotiated at a rasping psc? by tbe cbutea few. Wo now cross Mr Sullivan's land into Urn M. Griffin'*, then turning back over a few ol the hmhi fences but on hfcbnr ground, we come io'o tie properly of Mr P. Uonroy aud thmico to vt,e White Rnck road »nd finish up b-irougb Mtuaru Joy. Flynn'e, Jno. Wondberry's, aod James Everett's farms at host S,-ic-tr'e, where well earned refresh ment aw-itft ua. From one who ounted them up, I learn tbat during the run of abnut 12 miles fifty-five f°oc a were jumped, soma ot which irooJJ make many a t^ngb old ' sport ' think tfpjoo before t »ckhrg in onld blood ; how ever, I am g'ad to say tbat though spills were numerous, no ssrious aocideut occurred, and, barring a few abra- iions and bruises, no one was one whit the w^r^A, and all wculJ, I'U ba bound, wi'lmply go tbrougb tbe eame again for such a good day's f-port The ' drag ' was taken darinr tbe first part of the boot by Messrs. E. B amB, W. Evans, and Ja«. Tut hiil ; and in the second by Meears. J. G.-iffio, jon., and M Sullivan. At least ltO were present at the 'throw off,' amongst wbom I notioed the depu'y-master (Dr. Oole) on Msud, tbe bnntsma-- (Mr W. Gilbert) on Soottsdnle, tbe whip (Mr A. Jordan) on Electric. Mrs Co'.e on Paddy, Miss Oonroy on Shamrock, Miss Ada Oouroy ou Primrose, Mis* P appon Beauty, M i»e Cope on a bay, tbe Misses Boo nily, Miu Carr aud friend ; Messrs. E J. Sul livan on Random II , Jno Fiyan on Tyro, W. Brickbill on Killamey, Jas. Griffin, juo., on Mia Mia, M. Sullivan on L?ona, Geo. Field on Linos, Geo. Bennett on a brown, Jas. Tdthill on Curiosity, T Caldwell on Tim, E. Beams on Djoeption, W. Evane on Skylight, J. Otldwell on Miok, H. Gilbert on Warrior, T. Kiroan on Forest King, L. Henrioks on Fenian, W. M'Near on Rocket, Von Hibraon H'ghlauder. Riokley on Rambler, J- Nugent oo Creeping Jane, Roberts on Po -to, W Oonroy on a chestnut, R Keating on Rtzor, A. Tutbill on Grayling, M. Nugent on Moon'ight, D. Griffin on Mad cap, P -w)ott. ou Cyclop*, P. C--nr «y oc a bay, John Speight on Determination, Radford on a brown mare, Tierney on a bay, J. M'Oora&ck; and party, and many others whose nsmes I cannot recall. Tbe nex * meet will he held at Deloraine on Saturday week, October 10, and as it will probably be the last of the season a good muster may be anticipated. 