RELIGIOUS NEWS. SlEMON TOR THR WSSLKTAN C-MIF«HSHOK.— The Rev. J. Nicholson, the President of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference, preached the Pine-street Church to a good congregation in connection with the sessions of the annual Conference. His subject was, ' The Ministry of Church Members,' educed from the text, ' Would God that all the Lord's people were prophets, and that the Lord would put His spirit upon them,' Numbers xi. 29. Hesaidthe growth of modem Methodism, with its nearly thirty millions of adherents, was a surprise to many. Luke Tyreman had declared — 'Metho- dism to be tre greatest fact in the history of the Christian Church.' Dr. R. W. Dale also spoke generously of the 'magnificent vigour' of the Methodist Church in Australia, and affirmed there was 'something in the organi zation, the creed, and the characteristic spirit of Methodism that made it a great religious force in a British colony.' There were many things that contributed to this prosperity. Their pure Scriptural doctrines were, according to Joseph Cook, 'good preachable theology.' Their extemporaneous and experimental preaching ; their class- fellowship which gave watch and ward over members; their compact and yet elastic organization which brought them in touch with varied phases of social life ; their free use of lay agencies; and the liberty given to the members to exercise their gifts for general edification, unfettered by sacerdotal . restrictions, combined with a practical belief in the power and presence of the Holy Ghost in the Church, all tended to promote the continual growth of the Church. His text dealt wnth what was a striking feature in Methodism, the mutual ministry of its members under the impulse of the spirit. God had given Moses seventy elders to assist him in the work of teaching or prophesying to the people. Two of their number prophesied in the eamp instead of the tabernacle, and Joshua protested against this irregularity. But Moses was filled with a magnanimous spiri^ and rejoiced in their goodly ze.il by renlvintr 'Would God that all the Lord's people were prophets, and that he would put his spirit upon them.' This was the true spirit of the Methodist Christian ministry. While recognising the New Testament doc trine of the pastorate as conferring functions for the efficient discharge of official duties they had no tinge of sacerdotal claims, which made ministers the custodians of grace or sacrificing priest3. All Christians were priests unto God, and had the right to use their gifts for the general welfare of the Church and world. To centre all on the minister was to make it a one-man ministry and circumscribe the work of the Church. More workers were needed. If every minister had the logic of Wesley, the fire of Whitfield, the oratory of Punshon, the soul-saving zeal of Stoner, had a body that never tired, and a tongue that never flagged, so that they ooold live without study by day or rest by night, they would still be unable to cope with all the evil that was in the world. Nothing less than the entire membership of the Church banded in zealous war against sin and in favoiir of righteousness would reach tho Divine ideal of a Christian Church. The teim ' prophet?' was used in tho text, not in the primary Eense of possessing prescience, but in the secondary sense of being teachers and exhortere concernhrj the truths of salvation. It implied direct personal intercourse with peeplo about their souls, by those, who had become consciously saved. The early Christ ians 'went everywhere preaching the word,' and the spiilt of modern Christianity, was coming closer to that of the primitive Church. The worshippers in their Churches had tho right to give gosiiel invitations, for the Master had said: — 'Let him that hearcth say coma.' Only by that means could the varied gifts of the Church be utilized. Reference was made to the Christian Endeavour movement sad the contemplated establishment of :i . M-Ahodist Guild for workers which hatl sijnJS.u- ./ji.-et? in illustration of the theme of imiiviiktai effort as personal Christian duty. The sermon con cluded with an exhortation to be useful, which was said to represent the essential spirit of Methodism when all the Lord's people were prophets with the spirit resting upon them. The Federation Convention. — i'he Evan gelical Alliance of New South Wales has issued circulars to ministers requesting them to present on all the Sabbaths during the sittings of the Convention supplications to God for His illumination, Direction, and control in the extremely important delibera tions and decisions of the Federal Convention. Tho Secretary of the Alliance, the Rev. Dr. George Sutherland, has also written to the Herald suggesting that the Convention should be opened with prayer, and further urging_ that ' in some suitable way the name of Almighty God should be found *n our Federal Constitu tion acknowledging him as Creator of the Universe, Governor of Nations, and the BcKtower of these wide territories on oar Eihpire.' Hindmabsii Congregational Suxday scucol. — The anniversary services will bo con tinued this evening. St. Giles' Church, Norwood.— The Rev. James Nish, D.D., one of the oldest and fore most ministers of the Victorian Presbyterian Church, is at present in Adelaide as one of the deputies to the South Australian Presbyterian General Assembly in connection with the pro posed Union between the two Churches. On Sunday he conducted the services at St. Giles' Presbyterian Church, Norwood, when he de livered two eloquent and effective discourses. The morning subject was 'Love,' the text being John siv. 34. In the evening the sermon was on 'Faith,' from Proverbs xiv. 20. Dr. Nish is expected to extend his visit over next Sunday. The 'Schism' CoxTROVERsr. — At many of the Churches on Sunday reference was made by the preachers to the question of what constitutes schism. The Rev. F. Hastings, at the North Adelaide Congregational Church, took for his subject — 'Th6 Rubbish around Church Walls,' his text being Nehemiahiv. 10 — ' There is so much rubbish we are not able to build the wall.' After narrating the circum stances that led Nehemiah to obtain leave from the King to rebuild the walla of Jerusalem, thespeaker applied the words in vari ous ways. He spoke of the rubbish of narrow, bigotted notions of inconsistent practices, of pride and glorying in ecclesiastical respect ability. He spoke mainly of how sectarianism was a hindrance to spiritual advance in the world. All are schisinatical. Rome from the Eastern Church, Anglicanism from Rome, Noncon formists from both 7 tome and Anglicanism. Divisions had been necessary in order to sift doctrine and make the good to be approved. We are not to be content with the state. The aim of Christianity is to unite man to God and man to his fellows. Sectarianism, often separates and makes men antagonistic. No single sect has the whole of truth. It maintains divisions in no-i-eseential points. Doctrines that have outgrown spiritual conviction are Eoiretimes hugged with delight. There is scrambling to push trifles. So the land is over ehurched and the aggressive work weakened. In cities fewer and larger buildings might be used at arranged times by different sections of religious thought, as in Switzerland, where Romanists and Presbyterians hold service in the same Chui-ches, and a curtain suffices to hide from the Protestant the decorated altar he dislikes. Preachers should preach less and would be able to preach better. There should be the recognition of the spiritual equality of all evangelical ministers as being ' brethren,' and the unhindered exchange of pulpits between those holding the same essential doctrines. Dean Alford was right when he spoke of the only light to apostolic orders being a readiness to do apostolic work. Forms and orders must not be put before spirit. Archdeacon Farrar has taken a ris?ht step in the old land by going to speak in City-road Chapel on the Century of Wesley's death, and Canon Andrews has shown his Catholicity by going to the like celebration in this colony. The laity care less for denominationalism than ministers and clergy. ~ Truth could be kept just as pure in a United Australian Church as in a disunited. The idea of such a Church may be scouted as Utopian, but it will come. If different labour bodies can unite for mutual financial help surely the sections of religion can do so for Christ's cause. Sectarianism will die hard, but it must die if the Christ is to have full sway of humanity. It is a great pity the Ministerial Association could not do some thing to check the evils deplored, or that leaders of various sections could not arrange in some way to promote greaterunity. Romanism has an outwrrd unity while divided into many sections under the leadership of the Pope. Protestants should have real unity ev6n with much diversity under the leadership of Chriat. Wtcliffe or Wesley. — At tho Port Con gregational Church on Sunday evening the Rev. J. C. Kirby preached upon the subject of Wycliffe as the first great English reformer. The rev. gentleman said that it was incredible that anybody should believe that the Saviour exalted to be a prince had lost power to call apostolic men to perform great and extraordi nary works for the salvation of mankind and the advancement of Ids kingdom. There was no doubt that the doctrine of the Bible was that Christ had not lost any of his strength and authority. And go it was very evident that John Wesley was an apostle. The other day the Wesleyan brethren had held an enthusiastic mceiing for the purpose of com memorating the centenary of Wesley's death, and there the Rev. H. Gilmore, carried away by his oratory, claimed for Wesley that' he was the first great English reformer. It was true he was a great reformer, but when Mr. Gilmore made the claim he did so without considering the effects which pertained to a spiritual history of the English nation. For it mi^ht not be | questioned thai Wycliffe, another Oxford Echolar, was the first great English reformer, and not only so, but he was the first great European reformer, and the true and proper father of the whole reformation. The great gifts of Christ were the great men be exalted, and Wycliffe and Wesley were eome of these gifts. When Wycliffe appeared in .England! in the fourteenth century the Romish Church reigned without question throughout the European world. In England one-third of the value of the land belonged to the Church. .The revenues of the Church from different sources were, according to the lowest estimate, three times as great aa the revenues of the Government, and according to the highest estimate ten times aa great. So that it could be said that the revenues were five times those of the Government of the country. In those days there were no lawyers, or doctors, or schoolmasters excepting the clergy, bo that the great money making professions were in the nand3 of the Church as it then existed. The people were filled with a dark and dense superstition ; the services of the Church was in Latin, with but a few exceptions. It was necessary to confess to the priests of sins committed, and they could forgive or condemn. The Pope carried on a . most profitable trado by the issue of pardons for sin which were retailed by the priests. At the time of Wycliffe any man might be burned alive as a heretic, and if any man came forward to declare the Gospel he had terrors to face. Therefore, there was transcendent courage in Wycliffe to stand up against the powers and superstitions of the day. In the time of Wesley there were great persecutions ; there was a liability to be fined 40s. or go to gaol for a week, but never such persecutions, cruelties as Wycb'ffe had ;to endure. If Wesley had been raised up in the time of Wycliffe he might have been aa bold and courageous, but he was not. And -when it was considered that the T'ope tried hard- to burn Wyclifte he must be considered the very 'Morning Star of the Reformation.' Wycliffe went through the seventeen years' study in order to become a doctor of divinity. He could then expound the Scriptures, and he set to work and translated the Bible from the Latin vuhjate into the English tongue. He was the first person who gave the Bible in the English tongue or in the modern European languages. Wesley had the Gospel propaganda ready for him, but Wycliffe had to forge it. _ The Romish Church taught that the three things by which a man should regulate his life, were the Scriptures, the traditions, and the teaching of the Church. Wycliffe main tained a doctrine more hi accord with Holy Writ, and this was about 200 years before Luther and 400 years before Wesley. He had preached that faith in Christ and one mediator with God was sufficient for salvation. His preachers had gone all over England, and considering the times, they had astonishing results, and the company of Lollards could now be found in all parts. They should givo Luther, and Calvin, and Knox, and Wealey all the due and honour they deserved, but re member still Wycliffe was the first great English reformer, and the morning star of the Reformation. 