A " Paying" Concern. a >f.wflpaper is aquecr thing to handle or meddle "with. Here is an instance. There lived in a healthy city, si t uatcd on a range of beautiful hills which charmed the tonrist and sun burnt soHatter, : -a printer, who published very naughty things about -a few of his supporters. Three or four advertise ment were withdrawn, and another printer think ing he had a beautiful chance of running the first 1 mAn off the field, opened a branch shop, printing nil paper many miles away. A long, lean and very big-toffish man was sent through the post to the town to act as news-gatherer for the foreigu rag. A terrible war raged, the first printer naglcctcd hia affAira, gave up the ghost, aud two young practi cal men bought his business. Tbe long, lean and very toffieh young man managed things so well, and did Fuch a roaring trade that his master (the s&an; of miles away) lost over £200 hard cash by starting the opposition show. The Man of Miles Away was supported principally by the men who were offended by the pioneer printer, but all to no (purpose, lor the thing could not bring in sufficient of the " mighty dollar " to pay half the small ex penditure. He was in a terrible state because the young men were going to fight honestly and with n determination until he (Miles Away) did Hot possess a brass farthing. However, two or three persons did not faucy the pioneer and honest paper, because the young fellows were rank demo crats aud had courage to aay so in their paper, bo they formed ft non-legal company and bought out the rag. The long, lean young mAn was appointed " boss " of the ship for a ifw weeks, .the sheets of apoilcd paper bore an imprinfsomcthing like this : — " Printed aud published by — , for the - - Company." But the company saw, as did " ililcs Away," that the people were all j supporting tbe pioneer paper. The company also found out to their sorrow that tbe long, lean young m»D as n scribe was a fraud. They caused the im print to be altered to;— "Printed and published Tjy and the 52 billheads they had : 'printed bore the short name of the long, lean ycung Tnaa, the company being ashamed of the concern. . "While -all .this was going on, the other printers having no wages to pay, managed, by studying their customers, to work up a nice little business. The long, lean j'oung man had to prepare a balance t«heet, and the directors, a report. The followingfis « faithful copy which wae scut to a shareholder: — IBALANCK -SHEET FOR QUARTER ENDING DEC. SI, UVJO. r ec kins. £ fl. d. Advertisements ... ... 2" 0 0 'riale of papers ... ... 2 10 0 Kile of Waste Paper 0 10 6 Dob work ' ... 2 5 9 IA>63 ... .. ... "2 0 2J Total... ...£62 6 Hi 