NEWS OF THE EAT. Ministers aro fully occupied with the prepara tion of thoir bills for presentation to Parliament daring tho ooming session, and the Cabinet is now holding Into sittings ovcry wook. It lias boon found impossiblo to moot tho House early in Juno, as was intended, and the opening of Parliament will probably take place in tho latter part of the month, Tuesday, the 23rd, being the dato so far agreed upon. Tho privilege of disparaging tho victory of an opponent has sometimes been the only Bolaco loft to the vanquished; and, thorcforo, we are not surprised to find our contemporaries conspir ing to disparago tho forecast of tho Government Railway Bill which wo published on Friday last, and which wo need scarcely say was founded on information tlint wo believe tbo event will show to have boon perfectly trustworthy and correct. The R.M.S. Oruba, of tho Orlont Company's fleet, left tho port on Saturday for London with a large cargo and a fair oomplomcnt of passen gers. Tho P. ancl O. Company's R.M.S. Carthago sailed yesterday for Sydney, clearing tho Honds at 10 a.in., and H.M.S. Orlando, tho flag fhip.of Admiral Lord Ctmrloa Scott, arrived in port from tho Now Sontli Walos onpital yes terday morning. i Owing to tho dotcntion of U.M.S. Austral, jiear the railway pior, Williamstown, on thu occasion of her Inst visit, through tho depth of wntor boing msuiiioiout, somo interest was taken on tho 'departure of tho Orient mail boat, Oi uba, on Saturday last. The manager of tho Orient Company mid also an officer of tho Harbor Trust woto present on the pior. The practice sometimes adopted by pilots is to turn tlio vessel how foremost when, in tho ohnnncl. This was dono by Pilot Strickland at tho timo thu Austral was detained. The full width of tho channel will eventually lie 600 foot, but at proBont it is only dredged to n width of 400 feot, whioh is less tlian tho f ult length of the Austral, Tho Oruba is a still larger boat, her length being 460 foot, and on Saturday alio was draw ing 25 feet of water. Notwithstanding that it wna low tide, the vossol went out with out a hitch. Instead of attempting to turn her in tho channel, she was taken off storn fore most, thus going ovor oxncbly the same track as when ooming alongside. Ily this moans slio had" ample depth of water. The manager of tho Orient Company expressed his satisfaction at tho result. As thoro is only 18 foot of water outside the.ohannol it is likely that tho mail boats will- ho handled in this way for tho future until tho channel is dredgod to its full width. Tho Orient Compnny's R.M.S. Lusitnnin, from London to Sydney, sailed from Albany at 4.20 p.m. on Saturday. At last tho zoalots who demnnd that all teaohcrs employed in State schools shall givo i uligious inali notion ought to ho satisfied upon learning that Luoinda Parkinson, who composed tho following comprehensive prayer for tho eai- ly-.cj:tii)otion;Ofihg);Ji)isj)olid, ia ft teoehor iu a State school at Castlomaine : — " O God, ha.vo pity upon mo and relievo mo of my adversary,. Remove him from the earth ! Take him away ! Tako away tho big grub to whore lie will baoomo u thousand grubs. Why is -he left to encumber the 'ground? Ho has now livod nearly 70 years, and what good is lio on the earth? Take him away that some one bettor may take his place. Send disease upon him, or' anything that will causo his death. Choke him ! choke him ! Lot hiin not live anothor day. Hear mo and answer my prayor or I- will weary Thee, I will -woary Theo. I ask this for Jesus Christ's sake. Amen.", Poor Mr. Parkinson, who publicly confesses' that he stands In dread of boiug badly handled by his better half, either in her prayerful mood or at somo other timo, has sought and obtaiuod tho protection of tho local hoiich. Under heavy, penalties tho court lias ordered tlie wifo'to koep tho poaco, and presumably also stop thede-. struotion of hor lord and master by prayor. The disapproving oyo of the Miuister of Public: Instruction. bus been run over this unwifely supplication, and Mrs. Parkinson was suspended from duty on Saturday. Tho Stato school ser vice, .it seems, stands iu some danger of losing tho services of its ono confessedly religious tcaohcr. The Publio Service Board lias again put itself in conlliot with common senso and ex pediency in a way that odds weight to tho domand for a clipping of tiio powers of that eccentric body. In a recont oxample a Customs, officer was transferred to tho Treasury to fill a vacancy for whioh a properly qualified Treasury officer was availablo, while tlie Customs official would havo to ho taught tho work by tlio mau to whom the position properly liolongod. The Uodor-Trensurcr declined > to accept tho board's- nomination. In tho latest instance tlic acting- ncoountant of the Mines department, Mr. P. Cohen, was roported by tho. Minister as the officer most qualified to succeed Mr. F. Ilaulou, deceased, . but .the Public Service Board lias nominated Mr. A. C. AVitton, from tho Education department Tho Minister of Minos regards tlio action of the board as aggressively hostilo to tho ofiioienoy of tho department, and has refused to accept its nomination. It is pointed out that tho officer from outside would havo to be taught his dutieB by the man who has filled the position for somo timo past. Tho hoard is understood to eontond that Mr. Wit ton is tho sonlor ofiloor, and has had experience in accounts which Mr. Colion has not had, and that in anyoaso tho accounts of tho Mines department do not require any special qualifi cation. The foots are that bath officers arc iu 'the samo class— tlio 4th— and Mr. Cohen's service dates from 29th October, 1866, while Mr. AYitton's dates from 6th November, 1871\. As to tho experience, Mr. AYitton's duty, officially recorded, is that ho " keops tlio casli book, &c.;" Mr. Cohen also keeps tho oash book at tho Mining department, but it is omitted from his record as too trifling to men tion. His principal duties liavo bcon the oharge and salo of maps and plans, and ohargo of stores ; ho is also secretary to tlie hoard of ex aminers for mining ougine drivers and drivers under tho Factories' Act, and searctary to tho board of examiners for mining surveyors. As acting accountant ho has charge of tho accounts of tho department aud the correspondence thereon, prepares tlio annual ostimates, and lias charge of the diamonds for uso in tho drills. To oust this officer in order to pitohfork an out sider into tho position is an obvious disregard of the good of tho service, and a distinct viola tion of the acceptation of tho law laid down in Parliament, that if a qualified officor is availablo in the department ho must bo appointed in pre ference to an officer from anothor dopnrtment. Seniority in tho samo class is merely a technical pretext for the sonsoless per versity of the Public Service Board, and some amendment of the act seems to be re quired to proBorvo tho servico from these abuses. Tbe execution of James Johnston will take place at the Ballarat gaol this morning. On Saturday evening a potition was presented to the Earl of Hopetoun at Govarnment House, begging him to reconsider tho dooision that Johnston should be hanged. Tho potition was signed by several clergymen, dootors and lawyoi-s resident in Melbourne, and was presented by Miss M. Kossak, of AVindsor. Miss Kossak yes terday rocoived a communication from Captain AVallington, private secretary to tho Govornor, stating that after a careful perusal of tho state ments contained in tho potition, his Excellency saw no reason to ropriove Johnston. AVith a view of affording tbo members of the lay board appointed to inquire into the cause of tho gun disaster whioh happened at the Queons- cliff forts during tho Easter holidays an oppor tunity of inspeotiug tho particular weapon, ar rangements, ,wor.o made to convey them to Queensoliii on Saturday by tho Government steamer Lady Looh. Tho steamer left tlio Port Melbourne railway pior shortly aftor 10 a.m., tho members present being Messrs. J. Service, M.L.C., J. Campbell, R. L. J. Ellcry and J. Contos. Sir. Dickinson, formerly employed by tho firm of Sir AVilliam Armstrong aud Co., of Elswick, where tho Victorian brccoii loading guns woro made, and Sir. Harding, military expert in the mechanism of the guns, also ac companied the party. In tho absenco on leave, of Slajor Danielle, tho visitors wore received by Captain Umphclby, and afforded an opportunity of seeing the gun workod by a squad of men from tlio Permanent Artillery force. The several movements involved in loading tho gun and the closing of tho brecoh block were shown to tho hoard, and explanations of the working of tho complicated mechanism of tbo block were given by Captain Umpholhy and Sir. Harding. In tho opinion of these officers it would bo uceossary to slightly alter tlio mechanism if tho firing tube were required to be placed in tho breech block after instead of before closing the block of tho gun. Tho members of the board maintained a discreet silence as to tho conclusions they had formed as to tho causo of tho explosion. Tho board subsequently returnod to Molbourue. Further ovidonce will be taken boforo tho pre paration of tho report is undertaken. Tho investigation into the causo of tho loss of tho ship Craigburn was continued on Saturday by tlie Court of Marine Inquiry. The cross- examination of tho captain of the ill-fated vessel was concluded, and Pilot Blanoliard commenced his tostiinony, contradicting in many important particulars tlio evidence of Captain Kerr. Tho' pilot stated that on boarding the Craigburn lio ordered tho hawser to be mado fnst and lashed. AVhcn about a railo and a half beyond tho Heads the hawser slipped. Tho chief officor, on being questioned, stated that ho lmd lashed tlic haw ser as ordered. Before deciding to anchor ha consulted with the captain, and aftor anchoring at 8.30 an altercation took place batwoon the latter and tho chiof offioor. Tho Nemesis bora down upon thorn, asked if tha Craigburn wanted any assistance, . anil Captain Korr wavod her away twioe. Ho -tohl tho captain - that ho ought to acoopt any services to got tho ship out of her position, hut Captain Korr replied that the ship was safe and ho would not c-ngago any steamer. Tho Rasoue also eamo up, ami owing to tho ohain breaking, he asked Captain Korr' to cnghga' her to stand by tliein so as to rescno tlio crow, hut ho ropoatedly refused/ /lie tiion.;:iold Captain Korr that lie would leavo and go on lionrd tho tug. Tho captain refused to put one of tho ship's boats out to take him to tho tug, and declared that he would shoot any man who in- torforcd with tho boats. Captain Kerr ngrecd that thu danger signal should be hoisted, and at the timo it was sont up the ship was slowly driving. AVhen tho Eagle onmo up Captain Kerr offorud £59 nud afterwards £100, hut iio refused to lot tlie Englo tow tho Craigburn nml to leave tlio fco for towngo to bo settled' afterwards. Tho onptain. of the Rescue culled out thnt tlio Englo had been sent from town to tow tlio Crniglinrn off, but Captain Korr still declined lier services, struck him and accused him of boing in league with the tugs to blnokmnil him. He then told tlio crow to tako tlie captain away, and pluoo tho hawser on tho Eagle's hook. After this was dono tho hawsor, by soma unncoountohla means, broke, but it did not appear na if it wns an ordinary break. Tho court lllon adjourned until to-duy, at 10 a.m., when 1'ilot . Blanehnrd will continue his ovi- dence. Tho statement that someone had bungled at Queonsoliff in conncation with tho failure of the life boat orow to proceed to tho assistance of tlio wrecked ship Craigb'uru formed tlio subject of an'inquiry hold on Saturday by Mr. Turner, .Commissioner ' of Trndo and Customs, who pro ceeded to Queenscliff for tho purpose in tlie Government btouiuui- Ludy Louii, uuuuiupiiuied by Mr. A. AV. Musgrovo, Secretary for Customs, nud Captain Anderson, superintendent of dock yards. Tho particular charge that engaged Mr. Tumor's attention wns the statement that although Superintendent Dickson, of tho life boat qrow, received intimation dt 8 o'clook at liigiit from Point Lonsdale that tlio Crnigburu wos sending up rockets, ho delayed three hours before starting for tho sceno of tho wreck. Mr. Turner drove to tlio Point Lonsdalo light house, and tlio keeper, Filq. Musgrovo, produced his record book, showing that ho noted tlio first rookcb at 7.5b. Ho immediately nnnimimiented by tole- iphono.wlth the Quoonsolilf tolcgraph office, but did not got a reply until 8.10. lle also sont progressive messages at 8.50, 8.38, 8.48 anil 8.52 p.m. Returning to Queonsoliff, Mr. Turner found that Suporintondont Dickson did not ro- ceiro tho first massnge until 9 o'clock, and then .'only in an unofficial way. Ono of tlio telegraph operators returning to his home from duty at tho hour montionod— the tolograph offico closes at 8 o'clook p.m. — was passing Dickson's privato house, whou ho remarked to the suporintondont, "I may as woll toll you that Point 'Lonsdalo tolophoncs that rockets are going up from tho Craigburn." Mr. Diokson, it was stated, thou immediately got out his crow, who had beon waiting alongside their boat from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., aud prooeeded to Point Ncpean. Mr. Turner expresses himself as being -satisfied that tho Point Lonsdalo light houso koopor did his duty promptly, and that Mr. Dickson and his craw departed on tlieir errand with alacrity. The ' fault is laid on tho Quoensoliff telegraph office, and it is , _ the iutention of the Minister to bring tho neglect shown by the officials in thnt office under the notico of tho Postmastor- GoneraL Mr. Turner also inspcotod tho lifeboat, and learned from Superinten dent Diokson that the boat, whioh woiglis 7 tons, cannot bo rowed by his men. Slid is a good sailer, but it is impossiblo to manage lier with the' "oiuu In thoso circum stances she is praotically useless on o lee shore where oars havo to bo depended upon, and the crew are afraid that if they, attempted to got alongsido a vessel, tho boat would ho smashed to piecos. Tho old boat, however, is a manageable craft, as it only woiglis 4 tons. This sorious allegation will rcccivo consideration. Tho life boat orow aro so annoyed at the statements made abont thorn that they threaten to resign in a body. The teachers of tlio lower classes in tho omploy of tho Education department havo dis covered that thoso who are cntrustod with the ingenious work of drawing- up tho sohool pro-, grammes havo grouped a plethora of subjects whioh thoy havo no timo to teaoh. From what a deputation said to tho Miuister in complaint, ou Saturday, thoy find that thoy havo no Booner got properly launched on one subject thun the time limit has boon reached, and thoy aro compelled to break in upon another, before the - pupil lias lmd an opportunity to concontrato his thoughts. It is a matter of common report that thoro is a strong sporting elomont in the service, so Sir Frederick Sargood was not at all Burprisod to hear that, in these circumstanoes, the teaohcrs had felt constrained to " hedge." Not being nblo to got over the difficulty they got round it by priming up the saholars on neglected studies with answers to questions which thoy surmised tho inspector would ho likely to ask, thus scouring the much prizod "results" at all liazardB. A tri lling defoct in this plan was, of course, that it left the children in dense ignor- anco of all othor parts of tho Bubjeot, but this has been rendered inoffensive to tho teachers by an arrangement they were nblo to mako with tho Minister that tho inspectors shall only he permitted to cxamino tho scholars in tho work which tho teaohcrs certify that they havo dono. As, however, Sir Frederick also saw his way to authorisa the holding of a oonferonoo of head teachers to redbmmond alterations in the curri culum, thore is still hope that tho pupils will be Baved from tho effects of a disastrous system of "oram." A pathatio protest was mado by ono of the members of the deputation against teaohcrs being compollod to teach singing. Some of them, ho was sorry to say, woro " very poor singors." Tho Minister, who had ondorsed tho views of bis petitioners in most other respeats, readily agreed with this assortion. Ho also approved of tlio substitution of pictures of prize cattle, farming implements, &c.;, as object lessons on tho walls, instead of the orocodiles and otiier lc3s useful exhibits whioh now adorn tho Stato schools. Major-General Tnlloeh has returned from his visit to tho northern ports with tho committee of commandants, and on Saturday afternoon ho had an unofficial conversation with tho Minister of Dofonco on the work of tho committoc. It is understood that the committee will recommend tho adoption ot barbetto mountings for tho armament of tho battorios on tho sites ohoson at Port Darwin and Thursday Island. The Ministor of Dofcnco has telegraphed to tho Imperial authorities accepting tho guns offered by them for the armament of tbo King George's Sound battery, tho typo selected being 6-inch breech- loading guns on barbette ourriages. He lias also notified them that tlie cnginocr vof defence works, Mr. J. Blackbourn, is leaving for Albany to commence the works there, and asks that tho plans of the emplacements bo sont to that placo so that there may be no unnecessary delay. Mr. Blackbourn leaves for tlio Sound this after noon. A oable advice has been received by Messrs. Dalgety and Co. Limited to tho offeot that tho steamor Gulf of Corcovado loft Liverpool for Adelaide, Melbourno and Sydnoy on tho 12tli inst. This vessel is tho pioneer boat of the now service of tho Groenook Steamship Company which is to be maintained between the Clyde and Australia. A raco mooting, whieli attracted a large gather ing of visitors from tho metropolis, was hold by tiioAVyndham Racing Club on Saturday, on thoir course by tho AVorribeo, which has recently been greatly improved by additions being made to the improvements in tho various enclosures. A oapital afternoon's racing was enjoyed, commenc ing with tho Hurdle Race, in which Plebeian beat Gclanor, Bangle and four othors ; and in tha Soiling Stakes tho places were filled by Mcoraohaum, St. Albert and ltewi. Mac intosh won the Maiden Plato, with l'ol-' lio scoond, and Mortlako third, and in the Members' Handicap Star of Erin, Olivo and Leyland finished in similar order. Mr. J. S. Edge rode his own horso Vul ture to victory in tlie Steeplechase, Hortenso IL. and Timon following him homo, and tlio Autumn Handicap, whioh brought tho nftornoon's racing to a close, was won by Kuight of tho Gartor, with Star of Erin second and Red Roso third. Tho running of Partner iu tlio Soiling Raco was of suoh a suspicious oharnctor that tho stewards disqualified owner, trainer and rider for six mouths oaoli, but as tho jookoy afterwards made a full confession and a declaration to the effect that ho had beon iustruoted not to win, his disqualification was rescinded, and a fine of £5 inflicted instead, -but the ownor and trainer were then. disqualified for 10 years each, Instead of -six months. Tho stewards, who are to bo commended for thiiB punishing tho uofarious practices wiiioh njipcar to ba inseparable from Selling. lions, might havo gone further, how- over, anothor horse in tlie samo raco being quite as palpably n non-tryer. : Tlio neoossity for taking further measures to roaoli trunnt children, which was tlio subject ot articles published in tho Tlie Aye- within tho last few days, lias attracted tho notico of tho Minister of Education. At Sir Frederick Sar good s invitntion, tha triinntoificcrs recently guve him their opinions on tlio state of nffairs, and these viows, with other information bearing on tho subjoot, have boon referred to a number of gcntlamcn assooiated with philanthropic move- ihoiits, for tlio purposo of shaping n policy in regard to truants and noglcotod ohildron gene- rally. Tlieso geutlomon aio to moot tho Minister and confer with him on AVodncsday uoxt. In the meantime, Sir Frederick Sargood, who recognises tho necessity for ro-orgnnising this branch of the Stntc's control over tlio children of the community, has rovisod the truancy dis tricts nml reduced tho size of somo of thorn, and also appointed Hovcrnl more truant officers. An effort will ho mado to prevent ovasions of tlio aot, and keep tlio juvenile population more effectively iu hand. Fully 2000 porsons attended a publio meeting hold at St.- Patrick's Cathedral last night to offer to Dr. Carr, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Mel bourne, congratulations upon his having thnt day attained the silver jubilee of his priesthood. At tlio request of tho Archbishop, his people gavo their offerings towards tho fund being raised for tlio completion of tho cathodral instead of Bonding him nny personal presents, and a largo sum was in that way made up, to which his Grace contributed £2000 mid promised £250 moro towards providing a stained glass window for tlio Lady Chapel. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat ; Dr. Corbctt, Bishop of Salo ; Mr. Duffy, M.L.A., SirBrynn O'Loghlcn, M.L.A., and Mr. Fitzgerald, M.'L.O.;'woro amongst tho speakers who offered his Grnco their congratula tions in the course of lionrty speeches. About £12,000 is required to complete the cathedral, and fully £3000 of that nmount was mado up last ovoning towards tliis sum. At St. Patrick's Cathedral yestorday (AVhit Sunday) a spooial sorvico was hold at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, tlie occasion being also ths celebration of the silver jiibileo of tho priest hood of Archbishop Carr. High mass was eolcbrotod by Bishops Moore, Revillo and Corhett, ond Archbishop Carr presided in tho sanctuary, und at tlio conclusion of tho servico administered tho Papal benediotion to thoso present. An oloquont sermon was preaohod bytiio Venerable Archdeacon Slattcry, of Goolong, who took for his text tho words, ".And they wore all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to speak in divors tongues tlio wonderful works of God.", A special musi cal servico was also given, Haydn's Imperial Mass boing rendered by the ohoir with full orchestral and organ accompaniment, under the direction of Sir. AV. R. Furlong, witli Sir. King as lcador of tho orchestra, and Sir. Charles Sykcs as organist, tho principals being Signora and Signor Coy, Sliss O'Hanlon and Sir. Furlong. Prior to tiio commencement of the service, Romborg's To Denm was sung in celebration of tbo silver jubilee of tho Arch bishop. At tlio offertory tho liymn for AVhit Snndny, VcniSancto Spiritus, was sung by Sir. Furlong, with flute obbiigato, the musical sorvico being brought to a conclusion by tho rendering with fiuo. effect of tho Hallelujah Chorus from the Slesskih. A SInsonio choral servico undor tho auspiocs of tho South Yarra, AVindsor and City of Frail- .ran lodges, was hold in Christ Church, Soutli Yurrn, yesterday afternoon in aid of tho funds of tho Alfred Hospital and tlio Prnhran, South Yarra and Toornk Ladies' Bonorolcnt Society. The ehuroh was orowded, and amongst ,tho con gregation was tho Grand blaster of Victorian Freemasons, Sir AV. J. Clarke, and other promi nent mcmbors of tlio order. . Tiio church was decorated with Slasonic omhloms, and a special vocal service was rendered by a strong choir ol Bfasons, assisted by that belonging to the ehuroh, Tlio Rov. Canon Kcmmis, of Darling Point, Sydnoy, .preached a sermon, taking ns his toxt the 17th verse of thu 2ad chapter of St. l'etor : " Honor all men. Lovo the lirothcrhood, .fonr God." Amongst all tha pillars of thoir anoiont temple, lie "remarked, three stood conspicuous in liis favor. Ono was charity, tho other brothorliood, and tho third Godliness. In .concluding his address tiio rov. gentleman made an appeal on bolialf of the insti tutions named, and whilo tho offertory was being made a solcotion from Sleudolssohn's Second Symphony was rendorcd by ail orchestra under Sir. E. King. Tho various lodges represented thou marched out of tlio church in pro cession. Tho practice of issuing advertisements in ths form of handbills bearing a striking resombtnnco to bank notes lias again como under tho notice of tho police. On soveral occasions these papers havo appeared in the Gity Oourt, and tho magis trates havo hod their attention drawn to tho frequency witli which thoy are made tho moans of accomplished or attempted fraud. So close is tho imitation in sorno cases that careless persons somotimcs fail to detect tho nature of the documents. About a fortnight ago a case came boforo tho City Boncb, in whioh a foreigner was robbod of £10 by a mnn who had tlieso advertising bills in his possession. In that oase the accused passed ono of tho hills to his accomplice, representing it to bo n £25 noto, and thus seourcd the confidence of the man who wns ultimately victimised. Another of tho imitation notes oamo boforo tho oourt on Satur day, when a man wns charged with attempted fraudulent imposition on a publican. The charge, howevor, was dismissed. Tho magis- tratcs considor it is timo the authorities took some decisive action, as tho objeotionablo means of advertising facilitates tho perpetration of frauds. The appronchiug termination of tho present protracted season of comic opora at the Prin cess's is marked by a succession of crowded houses at that popular theatre ; and tho Old Guard wns on Saturday plnyot) to a very largo audience. Tho opera will bo repeated to-night and tho ton subsequent evenings. Arrangements havo been complotcd for tho initinl performance of Bfadnmo Sarah Bernhardt, at the Princess's Theatre, on tho 30th inst As already announced, a special scale of charges of admittanco has boon prepared tor tho soason. For tho entire series of 24 performances season tickets, which will ho transferable, are to ho sold at £12 apieec, aud tho box plan is to ho open for tho salo of theso tiokots only from 10 a.m. to-morrow till noon on AVodncsday. For the first night's performance tho seats not t&kon; by season tioket holders before noon on AVodnesday will bo submitted to auction at 4 p.m. on that day, on tiio stage of the theatre. Additional particulars with regard to tho sale of tickets aro published in our advertising columns. Bladnmc Bornhardt will givo four spcoial malinie performances during tho aurrcnuy of her Mel bourno season. Tlio comio opora Evangeline oomploled its third week at tho Opora Honse on Snturday night, and bids fair to run for many nights to como. Tho favorable verdict of tha first night, has been emphasised ou overy successive production, and tlio artistic beauty of tho piece rather grows than depre ciates as time goos on. Tlio chnrm of the maroh sceno has bcon enhanced by additions! stage decorations, nnd new topical songs havo bcon introduced to increase the attraction. Oa Saturday afternoon tho first matineo was held, a crowded audience boing present, including many leading professionals ougaged at the other ahoatres. The Scout is established in popularity at ths Alexandra Theatre. Another orowded nudienco greeted the performance on Saturday night, Ike realistic tableaux and sensational situations calling forth loud applause. Tho piece will be repeated to-night and until further notico. A now hill was presented at tlio Gaiety Theatre on Snturday night, and secured tlio unbounded appreciation of a crowded audience. Tho U.S. srinstrol Company drew a full house to tho Victoria Hall on Saturday night. Tho company has been playing for nearly a twelve month, and is us popular ns ovor. The Rov. Charles Clark repeated his new Dickens cntcrtaimnont at the Athcnioum HaU on Saturday night before a bumper house. Recitations, humorous nud pathetic, in tho lec turer's inimitable stylo sent tho audienca away well satisfied witli thoir invostmont. To-night's lecture is on AVeBtminstor Abbey. Tho concort given by tho Victorian Orchestra on Saturday afternoon attracted onlya moderate attendance. The symphony qhosen for per- formtnee mi by N. "W. Qadc, nnd. is tho Bccond ' in order of composition from the pen of that accomplished musiolan. This has been given once previously in Melbourne, tho muHio being on each occasion tent by Mr. Charles Levy, and while it would hardly bo justifiable to regard it as a great work in the highest sense of the term, it must bo conccdod that it foils but littlo short of such an estimate. The themes are fresh .and spontaneous, and thoirgenoral treatment pro claims the skilled hand. If iault can be fonnd. in this respect it would ho with tho scherzo, wherein tho scoring sounds rathor thick, and with tho finale, in which the working out is a littlo disappointing in com parison with tho bold and striking subjects. Tho first allegro, with its light nnd genial open ing theme, nnd the inoro serious second subject given out by tho violins on tho fourth string is very fine and in cffectivo contrast to the soloinn march-liko strains of tho andanto ; for tho rea sons abovo stated these two movements nro probably the best of tho four.- Tho symphony was well and carofully played, and was listened to with evident interest. A couple of novelties also figured in the programme ; of these the former was n pleasing, if not highly origi nal, littlo piece, by Siidermann, entitled rcasant's Wedding Maroh ; the latter, consisted of two of tho four cntr'aetce from tho incidental musio written by Iieothovon for. Goethe's Egmont. Stidorniann. seems to have been indebted for his ideas, eithor con sciously or unconsciously, to Bizet's Car- ' men and Schumann's B flat Symphony.: Those who are acquainted with the melody sung by tho heroine of tho opera as an accompaniment to her own dancing will readily recognise tho opening melody, while lator on wo meet with a phraso that has , como almost unaltered from tho first trio of tho scherzo of Schumann's work. This is the second of two pieces by SUdorinann hearing similar titles. Tho first is already , familiar. Beet hoven's ovorturo to Egmont has been, very frequently performed. The entr'actes, though hardly on tho same high level ns the ovorturo, nro full of interest, and may well. bo ; repeated. Those, performed on Saturday were the second, a graooful larghetto in E fiat, and tiio third, an allogrotto in C leading to a inarch. Tho allegretto, which is . mainly a solo for tho oboe, was done full justice to by Mr. Morton. Tho march is lively and offcotivo. Tho concert opened with tho overturo to Anaoroon, by Oiierubiiii, a .writer who, if inclined to ho pedahtio and old fashioned, is never, dull. The concluding number was tho lovely ballet musio from Gounod's Faust. The naxt concert will take place on Thursday ovoning. The chief attraction at tho Waxworks and- Museum this week will bo a group illustrating . tho soriptural story of tho Widow's Mito, with pictorial effects, representing tho interior of the Holy Templo at Jerusalem.' Special entertain ments by Sylvo, Bungaro, Itchi and other artists will be given as usual every nftornoon aud evening. His Excellency tho Governor is to bo present at the performance of Bridgot O'Brien, Esq., at tho Theatre' Itoyal to-moriow.ovcning. . A juvenile industrial and art exhibition will ho oponcd to-morrow at noon in tho lecturo hall, Winter-stroot, Malvern. Tho Premier is to attend tho opening ceremony and formally open the exhibition. A sale of oil paintings nnd water colors will ho hold at 2 p.m. to-day, by Messrs. Qeimnell, Tuckctt and Co. Full particulars regarding pricos nnd order of per formances in connection with tho Snrnlfllemliardt season appear in our advertising columns. A meeting of the Architectural nnd Engineering Association is to bo hold this evening, to further consider tho Itegistmtion of Architects Bill. Elementary and advanced singing classes on tlio stnlf notation system aro announced to coinmenco nextTlrarsdayoveniugat the Temperance Hall, llus- sall-strcet, conductor by Mr. J. Clendinning. For the elementary class no previous knowledge of music is required. The classes are open to Indies and gontlomcn, and tho first lesson is frco to all. Tho usual monthly meeting of tho committee of tho Molboumo Orphan Asylum was held on Friday afternoon at the Assembly Mall, Mr. W. Small in tho clmir. Tho report of tlio secretary won us fol lows Admitted during lost month, 10 ; removed, 6 ; at present under care of tho committee, 431 ; children (hi the cottage homes at Brighton, 83 : hoarduu out, 342) : and uQ apprentices nerving under indentures from the asylum. Expenditure for tlio month. £1267 16s. 7d.; receipts, £1302 16s. A cake and apron fair in aid of tho building fund of the Prahnui, South Yarra and Toorak crOche wis opened by Lady MacBain in tlio Praliran town hall on Saturday afternoon. At prosont tho committee rent a place in South Yarra, but tills does not pro vide all tho accommodation necessary, and instead of paying runt the committee aro disposed to make a special offprt to secure a building of thoir own to moot all requirements. Tho fair was well patronised during tho afternoon and evening, and tho style in which the stalls wore gob up reflected no little credit upon tho ladles connected with tho institu tion. 