THE Turkish Government, acting, as is supposed, under the instigation of France, has asked the British Govern ment to name a time for the evacuation of Egyptian territory. Lord Salisbury for the present has simply declined to open any such negotiation. It is very possible that this requirement should be construed together with the reported close understanding, if not full alliance, which has arisen between Russia and France. This idea is supported by yesterday’s cablegrams, which inform us that the treaty agreed to by the Anglo Turkish Convention at Constan tinople in 1887, was never ratified by the Sultan, because it was strongly objected to by France. The chief points in this abortive treaty are easily recited. Sir Henry Drummond Wolff, who represented British interests, sti pulated for Egyptian autonomy, sub ject to the sovereignty of the Sultan, for the neutralisation of Egyptian territory under the guaiantee of the Great Powers, each or any of which should have the right of transporting troops across Egyptian territory in case of need, for the right of Great Britain to nominate the majority of officers in the Egyptian army, and for the right of Great Britain to re-occupy the Nile Valley if occasion should arise. The Porte, acting, as now appears, at the instigation of Prance, with probably the connivance and advice of Russia, raised a number of objections, the buiden of which was the absence of a strictly specified date for British evacuation, and the claim for a right of re occupation if circumstances rendered such a course desiiable. The end of it was, as we have already intimated, that Sir Henry Drummond Wolff grew weary of waiting the Sultan’s official endorse ment to the treaty and retired back to London Since then affairs in Egypt have in fact, been administered just as though the incomplete treaty were of full force and effect. And under this administration Egypt has undoubtedly thriven in an entirely unprecedented manner. Early in 1890, Mr Chamber lain, a recognised advocate of the “ let alone ” policy, visited Egypt with a view, no doubt, of gathemig evidence in support of the theory of immediate, or, at least, early British withdrawal. Fortunately, Mr Chamberlain knew something of the state of affairs prior to British occupation. Wheie there had been gross disorder, ho found peaceful progress; where there had been national insolvency, he found financial sound ness, where there had been a general and rapid progress on the down grade towards anarchy and baibarisra, he found a people lifting wistful and thankful eyes to the blessings of honest government, and the accessories of western civilization. Mr Chamber lain, who went to Egypt prepaied and disposed to advocate the early withdrawal of British iutei vention, returned deeply impressed with the conviction that the British procto'ate was the salvation of the vast Nile valley Although, however, the rcsulti of British control in Egypt are obvioislv and wholly good, it does not folow that this more righteous and benefitent rule is acceptable to all the Egyptian population. The tiuth, indeed, i® far otherwise. Under the old retime thousands of officials grew uch on the results of corruption and pecu lation The intioduction of Brtish government with its uncompromsing honesty of dealing between class and class, has destroyed the opportunities for this sort of thing, and it is lutf and accordingly. In old times the Nile was a highway for a most pro fitable traffic m slaves from the Soudan or Abyssinia, but the ad vent of Bntish rule destnyed this traffic, and slave raiders and dealeis naturally anathematise Bntish rule. No doubt the bulk of the ptople in Egypt are fully aware of the aivan tages of Bntish supremacy, and thoioughly loyal in their love if it Yet there is always present th< dis satisfied minority which hanker for the old time flesh pots of corupt administration, and a profitable slave trade, and would delight in the with drawal of British mle as the first pi ime condition to the realisation of their desires. It matters little to die fanatics of the Upper Nile that Egypt is showing progress such as she has not made since the time of Meheuet All It matters little to the savage save trader or the fatuous dervish that the fellaheen of the Lower Nile can vork and lest in peace, comfort, and mode rate plenty, that misrule is bjing remedied, extortion put down, juiice made fiee to all, and taxation lowired greatly in actual degree, and still mure, pei haps, in the happy knowledge tnat the pioceeds are honestly applied to the lederaption of national obligations, and the building up, once more, of sound national prosperity. All these things are an abomination to snatcheis and dervishes, to corrupt ad ministrators, and to those who wotld fain see Egypt once more over shadowed by commercial and political darkness. France, from fiistto last, has shovn extreme jealousy of these beneficent results of British occupation. Where possible she has misrepresented and depreciated them, and in a fewcases—as in that of most salutary judiciary re forms—has angnly protested. Natur ally so. France has an implacable dislike to British supremacy in Egypt, and it is piobable that the feeling is shared by Russia too. If Bntains’ work in the Nile valley were done If that long oppressed nation of Egypt could enter fully upon the heritage which Bntish friendly intervention is preparing foi her, she would repiesent a formidable obstacle to Russian and French schemes of aggrandisement Under British protection and suppoit that obstacle is always in the path For either Russia oi France, the most desirable thing is that Egypt should gravitate backwards to insolvency and barbarism, poweiless to resist encroach ment, and the ready prey of any unsciupulous power. And this lies at the bottom of all the piotests and intrigues against the continuance of the British protectorate in the valley of the Nile. Although the share market had a quiet aspect last week a consideiable number of stocks changed hands, seve ral of which, too, had a pretty strong upward temdency. In mining opera tions there was not much of an excit ing nature; work, however, was carried on with the usual energy, and we note from the managers’ reports that the prospects, generally speaking, are fairly satisfactory. Band and Albion sold on Monday at 15s, and although they weie weaker in the centre of the week they closed on Saturday with business at 15s 9d. Sir Henry Loch had a little busi ness at 25s 9d and 265. New Kolnnoor were quiet, closing on Saturday with buyers at 3s 9d and sellers at 5s 6d Star of the East received attention at the close of the week, owing to the improved appearance of the mine. The fortnight’s return from 1880 tons was 1401 oz 7 dwt, and shares at the close of the week were held for £l3 15s. South Star on Wednesday changed hands at 20s, 23s 6d, and 21s, witli business on Saturday at 20s 3d and 20s A few other Plateau stocks had a little attention at ordinary rates The prospects of the Long Gully Coin 1 pany, we note, continue fairly good; the stone is looking well and showing gold occasionally, and the shareholdeis are sanguine as to the results. In Ballarat East the aspect of mining affairs is fully as cheering as usual. The most of all the principal mines are yielding fairly well, and the stocks have more or less attention at current ratet» Britannia United sold at 15s 6d, Last Chance United at 8s Suheman Pasha from 12s 9d to 12s, Temperance fiom 7s 3d to 7s fid; New Normanby at 3s 9d, 3s lOd, and 3s 8d; Dalzell’s from 13s to 13s 9d; and South Dalzell’s as high as 3s Sd. Eastern Star Fi eehold were in strong demand, with sales as high as 2s 7d, but subsequently a reaction set in, and sales on Saturday took place fiom Is lid to 2s Id. It was tumored that this decline was owing to an al leged encroachment, the Suheman Pasha having, it was said, broken into their workings. North Prince Regent had a good deal of busi ness but at fluctuating rates. Black Horse United were in demand with sales at £9 and £9 Is, closing with buyers at £8 18s and sellers at £9 2s. Egerton changed hands from 12s 3d to 12s The other Egerton and Gordon stocks had a little attention at current rates In some of the Kingston and Smeaton stocks there were considerable changes in the the rates Berry Consols, on Tuesday, sold from £8 15s to £9, but on Friday theychanged hands at£B 9s and£B 10s, and on Saturday at £8 Bs. Berry No. 1 sold on Monday from 34s to 365, but subsequently weakened; on Saturday, however, they were in strong demand, with some business as high as 39s fid. Madame Berry West sold at 11s fid. Hepburn Estate had business as low as Is fid, but subsequently were in demand up to 2s lid. Lord Harry kept in good demand, with sales from 5s fid to 6s. Earl Beaconsfield eased slightly. The Chalks’ group were quiet. Prentice sold up to 14s fid, and Napier Freehold were also stronger. Try Again, Browns, had business from 36s to 38s, and advanced on Saturday, with buyers at the close at 435, ex div., selleis holding out for 50s. Special meetings of the City and Town Councils will be h“ld at 10 o’clock to-dny to deal with the following business:—To receive the reports of the returning officers on the annual elec'ions, to consider the annual reports of the mayors, to fix the allowances of mayors, to elect mayors for the ensuing year, and to appoint committees. Cr Shoppee will probibly bo re-elected mayor of the City, as he is next in turn for the position. In February last he was elected to the chair to fill an extraordinary vacancy caused by the death of Mayor Hickman Cr Dunn is to be the new mayor of Billarat Evst The meetings of the councils vv ill be of a purely formal character, and it is ex peeled that the business at each will be dis posed of within an hour The ordinary meet mg of the City Council will be held at half past 2 o’clock. All desirous of hearing the objects of the Progressive Political League are invited to attend the public meeting which will be held this evening, in the Trades Hall, Camp street, at 8 o’clock. Mr John Hancock, M.L A , will be one of the speakers, A large attendance is ixpected. The hearing of the charge of perjury pre ferred against Mr R M Serjeant, J P., by Mr £ L. (lit Fattorim, was continued on Saturday morning, at the City Police Court, before Mr Cooper, P M., and Messrs Stalker, M’Naught, and Pearse, J’s P. The case was made very tedious by the inform ant’s method of examination, which was apparently intended to show forth legal knowledge At the close of the case for the prosecution, Mr J. B Pearson, who ap peered for the defendant, said he did not intend to call evidence, nor did he think it necessary to address the bench The action was undoubtedly the outcome of idleness and malice Without any hesitation, after simply exchanging opinions with his colleagues, Mr Cooper announced that the bench were of opini in that in a case like this, which was so easily brought, the charge should be sheeted home, or something near it. But there seemed to be no attempt to prove it The case was hopelessly lost Mr Fattorim evidently knew a great deal too little, or else too much Mr Pearson applied for costs, to which the informant rejoined ; “ Whoever heard of costs in a criminal case.” Mr Cooper said unfortunately the bench could not allow costs. Mr Pearson re marked that it was a great pity there was not some way of punishing a man for bringing such malicious actions. Mr Cooper agreed with this, stating that if costs were given in such cases, it would prevent groundless actions being entered upon The reserved decision on the point raised by Mr Pearson was not given, as the case was dismissed on its merits. Ihe mayors of the City and Town have been requested to hold an indignation meet mg in Billarat to protest against the action of two Gordon magistrates in sentencing a married woman to 12 months’ imprisonment for obtaining a pound of butter under false pretences. The meeting will probably be called at an early date. During the hearing, on Saturday morning, of the charge of perjury preferred against Mr R. M. Serjeant by Mr E, L. dit Fat torim, the latter examined his witnesses at tedious and unnecessary length. Once, when an objection raised by Mr Pearson (who ap p“ared for Mr Serjeant) to the reception of certain irrelevant evidence had been upheld, Mr Fattnnni made a remark that was in audible on the bench and at the reporters’ desk. Mr Pearson remarked—“ This ama ture lawyer business is sickening, and when impertinence is added it becomes unbear able.” Mr Cooper, P M , replied—“ Yes, the whole proceeding is ludicrous and it is high time a stop was put to it.” Collections were taken up yesterday at the Roman Catholic Churches in Ballarat in aid of the Melbourne floods relief fund, A good sum was subscribed, but the amount will not be announced until to-day. The mayor of the city, who has taken consider able interest in the movement, was in attendance at the 11 o’clock mass at St, Patrick’s Cathedral, There was a very large attendance at the People’s Meeting in the Alfred Hall assembly room on Saturday night The chair was occupied by Mr Francis, who spoke very forcibly on the drinking customs of society. The speaker of the evening was the R“v. F. Mason, who delivered a very earnest and impressive address, dealing particularly with the evil effects of alcoholic liquors on the systems of the young A splendid pro gramme of recitations and music vvas earned out by Messrs Crowe and Whykes and the Misses Crago, Brown, Egan, and Anderson Each item was rendered in excellent stj le, and those present were not slow in demon strating their appreciation. The meeting was brought to a close by the pronouncing of the benediction. At the close of the meeting a goodly number signed the total abstinence pledge. Mayor Gale attended at the Town Police Court on Saturday and dealt with routine business On Saturday afternoon the annual mus ketry course of the 3rd Regiment was com menced at the rifle ranges, Major Williams superintending the firing on the old range, and Major Garbutt had charge of the left half battalion on the new range. The coin pany officers present were Captain Hayes, Lieutenants Buley and Matthews At the Orderly Room Captain Laidlaw was in com mand, and the men who had not finished their preliminary musketry course were exercised in aiming, blank firing, and Morris tube practice. Missionary services were held yesterday in the United Methodist Free Church, Peel street. In the morning the Rev, J Cowper thwaite occupied the pulpit, and preached an excellent sermon from Ist Chron. iv , 10 In the afternoon a service of song, entitled “Golden Links,” was given by the church choir, assisted by a number of friends. Mias Rebecca Morrow gave the connective read ing«, and her clear voice and distinct pro nunciation were heard to great advantage In the evening the Rev. E. Turner preached a very able sermon from Luke x., 30 to 37. There were very large attendances at the whole of the services, and the collco tions tiken up were liberally responded to The choir, under the leadership of Mr J, Williams, with Miss Tolhday officiating at the organ, rendered a number of selections at each service A tea and public meeting will bs held this evening. Among the prisoners in the Town lockup last night were two young men named Wil liam Jeffs and John Murphy, who were charged with using obscene language, A telegram was received by the police in Ballarat from Learmonth, stating that a man named Thomas Anderson, a laborer, 50 years of age, had been found dead in a hut at Glendaruel The deceased had not been attended by a medical man, but there were no suspicious circumstances in the ease, Tne body vvas removed to the Fvnners’ Anns hotel, Coghill’s Creek, where, by order of the coroner (Mr J S Cooper), a local justice of the pence would yesterday hold an enquiry. The postponed monthly meeting of the Buninyoiigahire Council will be held to day. Special services were held in the Eureka street Primitive Methodist Church yester day. The pulpit in the morning was occn pied by Mr Martin Hosking, who preached an impressive sermon. In the afternoon and evening the Rev. C. Mason conducted the services The rev gentleman in the after noon chose ns his text Acta i , B—“But8 —“But ye shall receive power; after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea vnd in Samaria and unto th uttermost part of the earth.” There was iv large attendance at each service In con nection with the above a sacred conceit will be held in the church this evening. The prognmme is to I e supplied by several lend ing amateurs. The Rev. Charles Mason will pn side. Mr J M‘Donald has been appointed first assistant at State school No. 2103, Bal larat. Hie Rev. John M‘Neil conducted a ser vice last night, for men only, in the Academy of Music. The floor part of the building vvas well filled On the platform were Messrs Simon Morrison and Arch Campbell, and the Revs T. Cameron, E f Cox, and Scntt-Millar. The preacher took as his text II Samuel xvm , 29—“ Is the young man safe’" from which he delivered a powerful and telling address, chiefly dealing with the three burning questions—the social evil, gambling, and drinking During the course of the service the rev. gentleman rend a “letter fiom hell,” written by a young man who had taken his life in consequence of having been ruined through gambling. The service was brought to a close by the pronouncing of the benediction. The names of the successful candidat s at the recent clerical examinations of the public *erv ic“ are published in the Government Gazette of Friday last. At the City Police Court on Saturday, two inebriates were dealt with. The only other business taken was the charge of pir jury against Mr Serjeant, referred to else where. Avery successful sale of gifts was opened in the Garibaldi Weslejivn Church on Friday evening in aid of the trust funds. There was a large attendance The Rev. W. R Cniiniugli vm opened the proceedings, and expressed pleasure at the evident success of the labors of the friends of the church, who were to be c< mphmented on the energy and determinated they had displayed in their ende wor to relieve the trustees from their harassing difficulties and clear the way for future enterprises in connection with the work of the church. He was further gratified that that there was a total absence of gimbling in the shape of raffles and art unions, and they would therefore have clear consciences when the affur terminated 'ihe sale proved very successful, about £9O being realised from subscriptions and the disposal of the goods The following were most enthusiastic workers;— Moyle (2), Saunders (2), Freeman, Crombie, Dillon, Scanned (2), and Messrs Saunders, jur , and and Crombie, jun. Ihe Messrs Gazzard (3), of Ballarat, contributed to the pleasure of the evening by the manipulation of a patent photographic mvclnne and a mimic parlia meiitary display of oratory. The sale was further continued on Saturday evening, when there was again a large attendance All the articles were disposed of. Ihe management are highly satisfied with the result, which his chared off the debt and will leave a surplus to the credit of the trust funds The weights for the cross country race of the Ballarat Hunt Club are published in to day’s paper At a Revision Court held at the City Court on Saturday, the supplementary list for the Bvllirat West, Black Hill, and dungaree YVe«t divisions of the electoial district of Bvllarat West, and of the Haddon division of the electoral district of Winder mere were certified to as correct. On Saturday the sub-committee of the B ill vrat Agricultural and Pastoral Society accepted the tender of Mrs M’Kenzie for catering at the annual sheep show of the society. Mr Chinnery was the successful tenderer for the publican’s booth. Mr Beard, who in the early days of Bal larat, was a member of the firm of Messrs Beard, Marshall, and Cos,, provision mer chvnts, died somewhat suddenly at the Benevolent Asj lum on Friday from apoplexy. The deceased, who was 72 years of age, was caretaker at the boardroom, Camp street, for some yrnrs prior to his death. He was held in high esteem by the committee of the institution, and by nil old residents of Bal larat, Mr Beard was a native of Cam bridgeshire, E igland The remains of the deceased was interred on Saturday. Mr Edward Boyce has resigned bis office of trustee of the land temporarily reserved in 1871 as a site for racing and recreation purposes at Creswick. Mr John Bilney, a well-known resident of Ballarat, died yesterday at his residence, Victoria street. He suffered for some time from miners’ disease. Mr Bilney was very highly respected in a large circle of ac quaintances The funeral will tske place to day The funeral of the late Mr John O Grady, of Leigh Creek, took place on Saturday, and was attended by a large number of residents of the Dungaree district. The remains of the deceased were interred in the Ballarat Old Cemetery. The coffin bearers were Messrs J. Quinn, P Quinn, and M and J. Keane; mid the p ill hearers, Messrs Murphy, M L A , Byrne, M’Kiy, Forbes, Peart, and P Tierney. Father Rogers conducted the burnl service. Mr S Wellington had cnnrge of the funeral arrangements. Wednesday, 19th inst, will be observed as a public holiday throughout the Shire of Creswick, and ns a bank holiday at Allen dale, Kingston, and Smeaton, and through out the Borough of Creswick. The name of H K Atkinson, of theßil larat Civilians’Rifle Club, was inadvertently omitted from the list of scorers at the inter national rifle practice which took place at Williamstonn on Saturd ly week. Mr Atkin son scored S3 points The remains of the late Mr William Linton Austin were conveyed to their final resting-place, the Linton General Cemetery on Sunday last. The funeral cortege, a lengthy one (writes our correspondent), con sisted principally of young men, formerly school mates with the deceased, by whom he was highly respected. The Rev Mr Swin- bourne rendered the burial service of the Church of England at the grave. The mor tuary arrangements, which were in the hands of Mr Nelson, were efficiently carried out. The deceased, who was 30 years of age, was the second son of the late Mr T. Austin, one of the earliest residents of Linton, who for many years carried on business of tailor and draper adjacent to the shire hall, and was well known and respected throughout the district. The following have been appointed mem bers of bom ds of advice :—Mr George Topper, north ndiug, Shire of Ripon; Messrs G. A Dunnctt and W. Sutherland, west riding, Shire of Ripon Our Sin) thesdale correspondent writes “ Avery serious accident happened at Scarsdale on Friday evening, by which Miss Pattmson, daughter of Mr W. Pittinson, late of Newtown, sustained dangerous in juries to her bead, which, there is reason to fear, may terminate fvtally It appears that Aisbett’s ooich, driven by the proprietor’s son (David Aisbett), had arrived at Scars dale from Ballarat (Miss Pattinson being the only inside passenger), and stopped nearly opposite to Bennett’s bakery. Whilst some parcels were being got nut for delivery, the heroes, from some caused not explained, started off at a futious pace towards New town. Aisbett ran to stop the horses, warn ing Miss Pattinson, at the same time, to keep her seat, but, instead of doing so, she jumped out, falling heavily on her head to the ground. The unfortunate lady was con veyed in an insensible state to Miss Ward’s chemist’s shop, .ncl Di Watkins was sent for On his arm il, he f >nml th it the sufferer had sustained a fracture of the skull, and he considers the cise a very serious one ” Yet another. I have to record the death of another old resident of this district (our Smythesdale correspondent writes), Mr Thomas Halvey, of Black Hill, Scars dale, who departed this life on Friday last The deceased was a retired publican, and latterly was engaged as a woodcarter and contractor. He leaves a widow and family behind him to mourn their loss Mr E C Murphy, of BlikeviUe, has re signed his office of deputy electoral regis trar foi the Ballan division of the southern province and the Ballan diwsion of the electoral district of Biutke West. The bill which Mr C J Ham has intro duced in the Legislative Council to amend the Marriage Act of 1890 is not intended to alter the status of the marriage contract or the ceremo >y itself Under the amend mg bill it is proposed that none other than ministers of religion whose names are registered in the office of the registrar general, and the registrar-general, or duly appointed legistrar of marriages, may cele brato marrnges Ministers of religion be longing to denominations the ministers of which are at present legistered as persons who may celebrate marriages, can "be registered under the Amending Bill, but future donomin itions will have to obtain the consent of a G ivernor in Council before ministers belonging to them can be allowed to perform the m image ceremonj; and no minister will be registered without a reqnisi tmu signed by the head in Victoria (if any) of the religions denomination to which he belongs, and such requisition must supply full information respecting the candidate, supported by a statutory dec'aration. Any unregistered minister celebrating a marn ige, knowing that he is not qu ihbed, is to be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and Inble to a fine uot exceeding £5OO, imprisonment for a term not exceeding hie jears, or both. If, however, the omission is accidental, then he is to be liable to a penalty not exceeding £2O. The bill also contains a clause cillmg up in all persons who hive in their pos session any registers or books of entries of biptism", marriages, or bunals which took pi ice in the colony prior to the year 1853, to forward them to the R-gistrar- General in order th it a permanent reenrd may be kept of them, and the penalty for non-compliance is a sum not exceeding £lO Genet il Booth is to arrive at Hobart from theCipe on 15th September, mid he will imm o diately o nne on to Melbourne by way of Launceston, arriving in Melbourne on Friday, the 18 h The Silvatinn Arni\ in Melbourne have two pr< jects in mind for his reception One is to meet him in the bay, and the other is a gigintic procession from the wharf through the city t 0 the Exlnb - turn building, where, in the evening, his public reception will be held There is a probability of General Sir Frederick R iberts, Commimler m Chief in India, and one of the most distmgnish»d officers in the British Army, visiting the colony next year In a private commnnic i tion received by the Secretary for Defence from the General he states that he will ter minate his comm ind in India early next year, and that he hopes to visit the colony with a view of studying our military system It is stated that secret orders lime b’en received by the authorities at Moscow, the carrying out of which will involve the ex pulsion of eiery Jew from the oitj. 