Sale* art ^ttchfs. KOW itBST fOBUSHED.] THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AM) THE HEIR APPARENT. BY MBS. OLDPHANT, Author of 'The Son of his 'Father,' 'Sir Tom,' 'The Chronicles of Cariingford,' 'Neighbours on the Green,' 'OlivBi'e Bride,' Ac, &a;, ^ {ILL BIDETS BESXBVID.] Chapter XLV. The d»y after thehnmed visit of Agnes to the Bark had been one of gathering darkness, and elhanstion to tie young sufferer. He was so ill and had been 01 so long that the interest of the household had almost come to an end. There mi nothing to be done for him, not even the beef tea to prepare, the variety of drinks which had kept up a certain link of service between the side room and die rent of die house. All that seemed over. He bad passed from the necessities of life wmiesbUlinng, and now there mi nothing bat a hatt-impatient wilting— a longing of strained nerves and attention for the end of the suspense— till all should be over, and the little tale told out LeSHs, who felt heneU the chief person involved, did not feel even impM*— »T that day. It was by this tune a foregone con clusion, a question of time. The doctor even had said scarcely anything, bad only shaken his head, and even the tJimrfnl nurse, the woman of daylight and good hope, was daunted, and did not repeat her better auguries. John, who had avoided his wife, wbo bad refused to discuss the subject, now let her apeak, sitting with his bead bent on ' . his breast, and making little reply, hut still listening to what she said. She had a great many plans, indeed had drawn out in her active mind a whole scheme of proceedings for ttieir future guidance, or changes to be madebotii for pleasure and profit, things of much more importance than these alterations in the bouse on which she had set her mind the first tune she came into it. T -«**»**? spoke low, but she spoke boldly, bidding her hus band remember that though it was very sad it was a thing that had always been necessary to look forward, and that after all it was his just inheritance that was now coming to him. And John bad not (topped her to-day. It was all true enough. The poor boy bad been an interruption to the course of events, and now things were returning to their natural course. He had a soft beart, and it was sore for the poor boy; butLetitia had reason on her side, and what she said .was not to he refuted or despised. She was very busy that day, not going out for her drive or receiving any visitors, not even any of the anjdons inquirers who came to beg for alitdemore information than the bulletin gave— the clerical people about, and the nearest neighbours, whom hitherto she had allowed to enter : very bosy in her own room planning out a great many things. It wonld make a change to everybody — a different style of living, a great extension and amplification wonld now not only be possible but necessary. She pnt it all down on paper, tnpHpg out her ?nugementa systematically, which was an exercise that she loved. If the poor boy lingered for a week longer that would make no difference after alL She had promised to Xhute toaeodforfahnif Mar. became -worse ; but she decided that she would not do so, for what would be the good? Mar. was far too weak to take an interest in anyone, perhaps even to recognise his cousin. And Letitia felt that she could not bear Che noisy gzief with which her son would no doubt receive the news, which was the best news for nim that could possibly be. It was bad enough to see Letty with her red eyes mopine about the house, and Uny devoting herself to her lessons as if the mortification of her soul over them was more appropriate to the crisis than anything she cared for. little fools! who did not know what was to their advantage ! Bat even to them it would not make the different it would make to Duke. For Duke there could be no doubt it was the one thing to be desired ; yet letitia knew he would nuke * greater fuss than even the girls were doing, and this she could suit bear. Next morning she was a little later than usual in leaving her room. She had not slept well. Her mrnd had been so full of all that she had to do. It was not anxiety that kept her awake, for anxiety had almost left her in the certainty of what was going to h.ppnn ? but merely the pre-occupaUon of her mudand the responsibility on her shoulders of seeing that everything was doue in this emergency so as to secure the approval of the world! ThoughhermindwasfuUofiixultation she was most ?«'''« not to show it ; not to bemokenofasheartiessorworldly. Aslight fear that she had committed herself to the attendants of the sick room, and that they had penetrated her tme feeUnes, troubled her a fitSL - but whatdida couple of nurses matter? She was so late that morning that she did not as usual see the night nnrse, with her lugubrious countenance, shaking her head as she went to take her necessary rest. I-utia liked the night nnrse best. She had always thought thTotbertoo hopeful; but what did it matter now what one thought or the other . She went direct to the sick room when she left her own, putting on as she went the necessary solemnity of countenance with which to receive what there would be no doubt would be bad news. It startled her a little to hear an nnnr'1 murmur of voices in the ante-room whew die doctor was in the haUt of panatoto give bis directions. She could not hear What Sey .aid, but there was something i» the tone of iTcoosullation which struck her, like a Hidden dart thrown from jame nnseen hand. What did it mean! «»«&*jntoJ|er«iin fc*_ , --~ illssfssmsssssssssssssssssssl quickly, her composure disturbed, though she would notallow herself to think there was any reason. What reason could there be? The first tiling Letitia saw was the nurse crying— the cheerful nurse — the fool of an optimist who had always said he would get better. Ah!aQwas over then? This woman had the folly to allow herself to get interested in. the case ; and, besides, might well be crying too for the end of a good job. A spirit of malice and fierce opposition somehow sprung up in Lctitia's mind, and prompted this mean thought Yes, it was the end of a good job, of good feeding andgoodpay,andveryeasywork. Nowonder she cried ; and to make herself interesting too, in the doctor's eyes. This flashed through Mrs. Parke '« mind in a second, while she was walking into the room. It broke op her calm, but rather with a fierce impulse of impatience and desire to take the hussy by the shoulders than with any real fear. The doctor was stooping over the table writing a prescription. A prescription ! What did they want with such a thing now? He looked up when he heard her step. Bis face was beaming. HeputdownhiBpenand came forward, holding out both hands. 'Ihavethe best of news for you tins morning, my dear lady,' be said. £etitia was too much startied to speak. She would not, could not, permit herself to believe her eyes. She drew her hands impatiently from his clasp. ' Tbe crisis has come — and passed,' he said. ' The ferer has gone. I find bis temperature almost normal, and the pulse quite quiet.' 'What!' said Letitia. She would not believe her ears. She had no time to regulate her countenance to look as if she were glad. Her jaw fell, her eyes glared. 'What!' she said, and she could say no more. 'I do not wonder you are overcome. I feel myself as if it were too much. Sit down and take a moment to recover ? ' She sat downmechanir-ally andglaredat him. Ber feeling w&s; that if there had been a knife on the table she would hare struck at him with it — a sharp one, that would have turned that smile into a grimace and ^naAf an end of it. Too much ! The fever gone, gone : She panted for breath, fiercely, like a wild beast. 'It is wonderful, but it is true,' said Dr. Barker. He added after a moment, 'it is curious the different ways we take it This good little woman, who always hoped the best — cries — and von. Mrs. Parke, you ? ' 'Do you mean that he will live?' Letitia said. 41 1 hope so — I hope 80. The only danger now is weakness : if we can feed him up and beep him quiet. It is all a question of strength ? ' ' You hare said that ever since you were called in,** 'All, yes, that is true, but in a different sense Strength to struggle with a fever is one thing ; strength to pick up when it is gone is another. Yesterday, every moment the lire was flaming, burning out his life — now every moment is a gain. Look at him. He's asleep. He hasn't been asleep, to call ».Wp.iifr — not honest sleep — for days and nights — ' All this w&s; but as the blowing of the wind to Letitia. She did not hear the words. She heard only over and over again : * * the fever lias gone ? ' Bat by this tune she bad begun to call her strength to her, to remember dully that she mnsc not betray herself. She interrupted the doctor in the midst of lus phrase. ' Do yon mean that he will lire !' she said again. ?* As long, I hope,' said the doctor, promptly 'as his best friends could desire.' ?* I don't seem to \inA &nft;=*n'\ , ' Letztia mm*!. ' I thought all hope was over. I thought he was dying. Why did you make me think so — and my husband, too I ?? I am sorry if I have given you unnecessary pain, Mrs. Parfce ? ' ' Oh, unnecessary ! it was all unnecessary, I suppose. You have — you have frightened us for nothing. Dr. Barker : giren us such days — and nighta.' She broke into a little wild laogh. *' And all the time there was nothing in it !' she cried. The nurse had dried her eyes and was staring at this strange exhibition, and Letitia had begun to perceive that she had got out of her own control, and could not recover the command of her words and looks. She hud been so taken by surprise, so overwhelmed by the sudden shock that ike commotion in her brain w*s like madness. It was all she could do not to shriek out, to fly at the spectators like a wild cat. How dared they look and see what she had not tbe strength to conceal ? 'I will go, and call John; he will tell you what he think*,** she said, with the inipuhie of a maddened woaian to briug a man's strength into her quarrel and punish ber adversary. Wfcat sue thought John could do to I-r. Barker she did not know ; and indeed sbe did not co to tell John. She returned to her room which she had left only a few minutes before and from which she chased the frightened housemaids with b. stamp on the floor which made them fly wildly, leaving brooms and dusters behind. The windows were all open, the sunshine bursting in in & great twinkling of light after yesterday's rain. Sbe locked the door that she might be alone, and closed the ?windows one after another with a sound like thunder. To give expression to the rage that devoured her was something, a necessity, the only way of getting out her passion. The fever gone, the fever gone ! the fever which was iier friend, which had worked for her, which luul promised everything— everything tliar her heart desire i. And they looked her in the face sod told her it was gone 1 the fools and hypocrites, that vile woman crying in bw falseness, the man triumphing over Lert pretending to congratulate her when he must have known ? How could they help knowing t They must have known ! They had done it on purpose to make her betray herecif, to mrprise her thought*, to exult over her. Andshehaabom«otrare,TOeajytoliermiDd, so certain that everything was going well! Oh, ch!— herjgwth of rage could command monosyllable. She could not appeal to God as people do in such wild shocks of passion. It was Dot God who could be appealed to. The other perhaps if she bad known how — there are tames when devE-woraaip might be a relief if it could be done. ' My God !' said Dr. Barker, who was not so restrained. *' She is wild with disappoint ment and rage. Did she wish the boy to die?' ' Oh, doctor— «he wished her own boy to be in his place,' said the nurse, who perhaps had a semi-maternal light upon the matter. The doctor kept on shaking his head as he finished his prescription. ' Don't wake him for this or anything — not even for food : but give him tbe food as I told you.' ** I know, I know, ' said the nurse on whom the overstrain of her nerves was telling, too ; 'don't you think I know, sir. bow important it is.' ' Don't you go off, too — don't leave him for a moment- Avoid t*1I noise or discussion. Try and keep everyone out, especially ? ' He did not finish Ins sentence, but it -was unnecessary. ' AH I can do, doctor — all I can do. But Mrs. Parke ie the mistress of the house.' 'She will not come back again,' he said, 'she will be in a terrible fright when she knows how sbe betrayed herself. Poor tiling ! as you say it was to put her boy in his place.* They were wild before when this boy was born. Weft, perhaps there is some excuse for them. ' ' But you will come back to-night y 'I should think so, indeed,' hesaid, 'and before to-night- And I bhall see John Parke as I go.** But by that strange influence which nobody can explain, before the doctor left the room the news had Boxnehow fl*gT,«M through the house. The fever gone ! John Parke came out into tbe hall as Dr. Barker came downstairs. ** Is it truer he said. It would be vain to assert that there was not a dull throb which was not of pleasure or gratitude through John Parke's tafan-r when that rumour liau come to him. The cap was dashed from bis lips again, and this time for ever. He had to pause a moment in the library, where he was sitting, thinking involuntarily of the new life, to gulp down something — which dhamed Iixni to tbe bottom of his heart. But when he came out to meet die doctor liiat very shock had brought aU his tenderer feelings back. ' Ib it true * Tie said, with a quiver of emotion in his voice. And at that moment Letty came flying in from the park and flung herself upon his neck, and kissed him like a whirlwind. *' Oh, pupa, Mars better V she said, her voice between a soft shout and song of joy ringing through the great house. The was no doubt, no hesitation in Letiy'jj rapture and thankfulness. And it was with almost as true a heart, notwith standing liis momentary p'*E of feeling, tluvt John grasped tlie doctor's hand and. said 'Thank Uod.' How tbe news ran through the house ! It was known before it was ever spoken at all to the cook, wbo immediately rose from the retirement in which she was considering her menu, and ordered a delicate young chicken to be prepared to make soup. 'I know what's wanted after a fever. Something hevery hour,' said that dignitary. It swept up like a breeze to the housemaids upstairs busy willi their work. 'Ob, that's what's put the Missis in such a passion,' they said with unerring logic Tiny, released from ber lessons by tbe same instinctive consciousness of something, danced a wild jig round tbe ball to the tune of ' Mar's better, Mar. 's belter !' with all her liair floating about her and lier shoes coming off in her frenzy. And* thus naJtore and human, feeling held, the *la.y tvml reigned ttinmphiuit, nothwithstanding the fierce tragedy, indescribable, terrible — a passion which rent the very soul, pud to which no crime, no horror was impossible, which raged and exliausted itself in the silence, shut up with itself aud all devilish impulses in the best room, in tlie bosom of the mistress of tbe CiaptekXLVL Letitia was a long time in ber room, and was not visible at all downstairs during the moment of gladness which clumjreil tbe aspect of everything. Her door remained locked all tbe morning, ami the housemaids were shut out, unable to ** do ' the room, which was the moat curious interruption of all the laws of life. The lied was not made, nor anything swept nor dusted at noon, when s,hc appeared happened before in Uie bouse, which never happens iu any respectable Louse except in cases of illness. Misois'd room too, the most important of all ! Nobody saw wh.it went ou inside iu those two iou? hours. Perhaps oulv John divined the strain which was poiii^ on in his wifu'd mind, and lie but imperfectly, liaving little iu liis owrn ua.turc of the poison in here. And John took very good care not to disturb Letitia. He would neither po him self nor let Letty go to make sure that her mother knew tlie good news about Mar., or to see if sbe were ill or anything wrong. Sue was en re to know, he said ; aud no doubt she hod something to do which kept ber in ber room. But there wjik also no iloubt that he disappeiLnmce. Two hours she was invisible, which for the mother of a family and the mistress of a bouse is a very long time. When she came downstairs sbe had her bonnet on aud was going oul. She luul ordered the brougham though it vras a very bright and warm day, and announced that she was going to Riiidiug fur smut? shopping she bad to do, but wanted no one r« go with bur — nor were they to wait luncheon for her should she be late ' You have heard of course, Leiitia, about Mar.,' John said, as he caiuc out with liis old-fashioned politeness to put lus wife into tlie carriage. ' Is there anything new about Mar r Jbc said, with a uort of disdain. 'Oh, mamma, bc'a better! The fever is gone, be is going to get well,' cried Tiny, who vas still dancing about the hall. ^^ , 'Is that all r said Mrs. Parte, 'I beard that hours ago '—and she drove away without a smile, without a word of satisfaction, or even pretended satisfaction — her face as blank as if it had been cut out of atone. They watched the carriage turn the corner into the avenue with a chill at their hearts. *' Was mamma angry?' Tiny asked. John Parke made no answer to his child's question, but went back to the library, and took up bis paper with a heavy heart. He hvi felt it himself, more shame to him, more or less : a sort of horrible pang of disappointment : bnt she— it troubled him to divine how she must be feeling it. What awful sensations and sentiments were in her heart ? It was not for herself, John said1, trying to excuse her— it was for Duke and for him. If Bhe only wonM understand that he did not mind, that he was glad, very t^lad, that bis brother's son was getting better, that Mar. 'was far too much like his own child to make his recovery any thing but a happy circumstance 1 John's beart ached for that onmoving, fi1*'***! f?uf». Oh, if sbe could be persuaded that neither Duke nor be would have been happy in the promotion that came through harm to Mar ! Letitia sank back in the corner of the brougham where nobody could see. She had been in almost a frenzy of rage and pain, walking about the room, throwing faeraelf on the eofa and even on the floor in the abandon- . ment of her fierce misery, hurting herself lik» a passionate rf»iM. Jfo shame,, no pride had restrained her. She had Iocke * her door and . closed her windows and grrej jiierself np to the paroxysm which, would hav vbeen shameful if anyone had seen it— yet -which gave a certain horrible relief to the sensations that rent ber to pieces. To have it aU snatched from her hands again when she had made op ber mind to it, when everything was so certain ! To be proved a fool, a foot again trusting in a chance which never would come I It seemed to Letitia that God was her enemy, and a xoaligtuuiti one, «?Trw^ring in her ?ijieLnpftinMTipnt. l^jfoinr at her pangs. She was too angry, too cruelly outraged to be content with thinking of chance or that it was her luck, as some people say. She wanted it was, whom she could revile and affront and defy to his face. The deception of circum stances, the disappointment of hopes, the cruel way in which she had been lulled into security only to be' the more bitterly awakened from her illusion, made her mad. Not as Mary bad been made mad, not with any confusion of mind but with a horrible and intense sub version, a sense of being at war with everything, and living only to revenge herself upon God and man. She had revenged herself upon herself first of all, beating her head against the walL digging her naUs into . her flesh, because she bad been anch a fool, oh, such a fool ! as to believe that what she. wished was to be. And then there formed in' mind a.n awful thought, a movement of ? ?fgrnaTiffi1, a refusal to be overthrown. She would not, she would not allow herself to be played with, to be beaten, to be foiled, to have the cup snatched from her Iipc just when she was about to drink. No, she -would not1 submit ! Though God was die Master, yet-' there were ways of overcoming Him— yes there were ways of overcoming. Though He said life, a liumau creature though bo weak if she had bat courage enough, could say, death, and He would not be able to prevent it. In tbe madness of ber disappointment and rebellion there came into Letitia*s mind a suggestion, an idea. It did not seem so much in order to havener own will, and her own advantage, as in order to get the better of God, who bad shaped things tbe other way. He thought, perhaps* there was nothing she could do, that she would have to bear it. No, then ! she would not ! He should ace— He was a tyrant. He had the power; bnt there were ways oE baffling Him — there was 'a way ? Never in all Letitia's struggles had thia thought come into ber min&before;, Mar, bad been helpless iu her. bands for years, bnt licr arm bad never armed itself against him. She had never sought to harm him. If she hail exaggerated and cultivated his weakness it had been half, as she said, in a kind of scornful precaution, that nothing might happen to him in her house, and half from a grudge, lest he should emulate her own sturdy boys, over whom he had so great and undeserved an advanta-v. She had never thought of lianiiing him. After, when be was really ill, when Providence itself (for lier mind could be pious when this influence which sliapes events was on her side) had piously said, to a better world, it Mould have been more than nature had not her mind rushed forward to that evidently approaching conclusion which would make so great a JJSeronce. Oh, the difference it would niiike ! enough to deaden the sense of jaty, to bharpcu every covetous desire. But still ahe had not thought of doimj anything to secure tbe t-ud she desired. No, no! all Uie other way — nothing hail been neglected, nothing refused that wonld belp him — nothing except licr desire, her strong unspoken wish, £ad been against him. Aud what Lad that to do with the i&sut; one way or the other.? A woman cannot pray to God that a boy may die. Thus l lie only unfair advantage which the intensity of lier wish iujgbt Lave given her was taken away. On the other side they had this unfair advantage — they could prav, and pray as long as they pleased if that was any good. She bail only her strong, persistent, never-suspended wish. Nothing, nothing had she done against him. Sbe had never once, thought of assisting or hastening fate. But now that God had turned everything tbe wrong way and dashed tlie cup from her lips, and set Himself against her, now in the frenzy that filled lier bosom, tbe rage, ^h*- shame, the rebellion, tbe wild ana over whelming passion, a new furious light had blazed in upon tlie boiling waves. Ah, God was great, they said. He could restore iiie when everything pointed to i*j*'*^*r . conclusion. He could work a mirade— -imt a. i?am*n could iofl TTim. She could fcQl though He made alive. A moment of time, an inwicmiff^a-nf action — and all His healing and restoration would come to nothing. Where did it come from — that awful suggestion? How did it arise? In what way was it ahaped? From what scource did it come — the horrible thought ? It came catting through her mind and all her agitation in a wmwnt fisSit had been flung into her sonl from outside. It came like a flash of lighfofpg, like an arrow, like a pointed dart that cot into the flesh. It was not- there one moment, and the next it was there, «?? ttriin p jj n tr nil the commotion, penetrating all the fever and the tumult — a master thought. \- She. drove alone the country road* in the corner of her carnage, seeing nothing— through the noonday sunshine and the shade o$~ the trees, through villages and by corn fields where the storing of the harvest had Wnn— -nnif heard nothlrigBud noticodnothing. At last she pulled the string strongly and told the '?''^4'Tnff;' not to go to Ridding but in the other direction to another little town, to a certain house where she had a call to make. And she made the call ; and came out of the bouse while the coachman was walking his horses up and down, and went into the chief street of the place and made a few purchases, then returned to the bouse of her friend and got into the brougham and drove home. The coachman had not been aware that she hsul done anything but come out of the home where she had been calling when he drew up. And he drove home very quickly, havinff himself come out before his dinner hour, a rtipiir that *^^ not please hiwi, Letitia was very pale when she came home tired with ? her lon£ drive, but she eat her luncheon and did not again abut herself from her family — nor did she avoid speaking of Mar. She went to look at him after she bad rested a little. 'Bat I see very little difference,' she said. ' He seems to iqe just as ill as ever, too weak to more, and scarcely opening his eyes.' 'Bat. the fever has gone,' they all cried together. Letitia shook her head. ' I hope the doctor was not mistaken,' she said. Her words threw s. cold chill upon the household after t^i'p tTpTigftf1, of the morning. But that was alL ' Missis was always one to take the worst view of everything/* the cook remarked, to .whom the undeniable proof ? of improvement which Mar. had shown by swallowing Ha rfqck'ftrt broth was a proof that needed no confirmation. She sent np a little of the same brofli to Mrs. Pa&e;, hearing that she had a headache, and received a message back to the effect that the soup was very good, and that it most be kept always going, always ready, as the young gentleman was able to take it. ' But III try him with a bit of chickei. to morrow, no more slops, n said the cook. Thns, though she shook her head and owned that she was not herself eo hopeful as Dr. Barker, Letitia sanctioned more or less the satisfaction of the household, and spent the afternoon in a legitimate way. She was frightfully pale, and complained of a head ache, which she partly attributed to fatigue aid partly to the sun. Yet she saw one or two people who called, and explained Mar.'s condition to them : 'presumably so Tn-nr-Jt better,' she said, 'but I fear, I fear the doctor takes too .sanguine a view. A week hence, if all is well ? But/1 she said, 'the strain of suspense is terrible^ almost worse tfayi anything that is certain.' There were people who saw her that day who declared afterwards that they could not understand why it was said of Mrs. Parte that she had no heart. Why, if there ever was a woman who felt deeply, it was Mrs. Parte. The suspense about her poor nephew and his long illness had worn her to a shadow-; it had nearly killed her— especially as, poor thing, she was not one who took a cheerful -view. ' Letitia paid several visits in the evening to the sick room, or to the ante-room connected with it, after the night nurse had begun her duty. The other attendant was cot in sym pathy with the mistress of tbe house : but she stood with the night nurse at the door of the room and peered at Mar., and they mutually shook their heads and gave each other meaning looks. 'I wish I could see him with Nurse Robinsou'g eyes,' the atten dant said, and Mrs. Parke replied with a Eigh that she hoped niost earnestly the doctor was not mistaken. 'For I sec no difference, Nurse.' 'And neither do I, nia'am/' said the gloomy woman. She paused for a moment, and then she added in a whisper, ' IVe no business to interfere, but I can't bear to see you looking so pale, I do wish, Mrs. Parke that you would go to bed.1' ** I thought the same of vou, nurse.'* said Mrs. Parke, ' indeed I wanted to offer to sit np half the night to let you have a little rest.' '?Thank you, very much, but I must keep to my post,' the woman eaid. my cordial,' said Mrs. Parke *' I have an old mixture that has been in the family for a long time. - Yoa must take a little of it from my hand ; it will strengthen yoa.' There was a little argument over this, all whispered at the door of Mar.'s room, and at hist the nurse consented. She was so touched that when Letitia came back earning the drink, she ventured to give Mrs. Parke a. timid kiss, and to say, ** Dear lady, I wish you would go to bed yourself and get a good rest. It is almost more trying when one l-egins to hope, and you are frightfully pale.' Letitia took tbe kiss in very good part (for the nurse was a lady), and prouiised to go and rest. It was still early, the household nut yet settled to the quiet of the night, and John had not come upstairs ; so that there was nobody to note Letitia *s movements, who went and ciune through the half lit corridor in a dark dressing gown, and with a noiseless foot, stealing from her own room to that of the patient. She hadnxade this little pilgrimage several times, when, listening in lite ante-room, sheTicard at last the heavy, regular breathing of the ? atijenflaut in Mar's room, which proved to her thatTThat she intended had come to pass. Letitia paused for a moment outmde the door. She was a little, .light woman, etOl slim, and thin, as in her younger days. She moved like a ghost, mating no sound ; but when she perceived that all was ready for her purpose, there was something that almost betrayed her, and that was the labouring, gasping breath of excitement, which it was all she could do to keep down. Her lungs, her heart, were so strained by the effort to be calm, that her hurried respiration came like the breath of a furnace, hot and interrupted. She stood hold ing on to the framework of the door, looking in from the comparative light of the room in which she stood to tbe shaded room in which Mar. lay, with the light falling upon the table by his bedside, where were his drinks and medicines — and faintly upon the white pillow with the dark head sunk upon it, in a ghostly etfllneas. The nurse sat in an easy chair behind, out of the light, with ber head fallen back, wrapped in sleep, breathing regularly and deep. letitia. stood and watched for a whole long minute, which might have been a year, peering with her white and ghastly face, like a visible spirit of evil. When she had a little subdued the panting of her heart she pushed the door noiselessly, and stole into the room. She kept her eyes upon, the sleeping nurse, ready to draw back if she should move : but that was the only interruption Letitia feared. She had left the door open for her own safe retreat. It had not occurred to ber that anyone could follow behind her. She went over to the bedside to the table on which (the light felL And then she stood still again for another terrible moment. Did her heart fail her, did any hand of grace hold her back ? She might have done what she had to do three times over while she stood there with one hand upon her breast keeping down her panting breath. Then she put her tight hand for a moment over the glass with the milk that stood ready, the drink for the sick boy. That was alL It was the affair of a moment. She might have done it in the nurse's presence, and no one would have been the wiser. When she had done it she made a step backward, meaning to pass away as she bad come. Bnt instead of moving freely through the open air she came suddenly flying*: something, some one, ?who stood fr^Mni^ and who grasped, without a word ber clenched right himn- Letitza's labouring heart leaped as if it would have burst out of her breast. There came from her a choked an'1 horrible sound, not a cry, for she durst not cry. She kept her senses, her conscionsneBs by a terrible effort. No ! whoever it was, if it was John, her husband, if it was one of ber children who bad discovered ber in this awful moment — whoever it was, she would not fall down there at Mar's bedside like a murderer ?f^-flgtit- in the act. No ! out of the room, at least, out of tbe scene — somewhere, where they might kill her if they pleased, but not there — not there ! He or she who had seized her from behind stretched a hand over her shoulder and took the milk from lite table, and then the two figures in a strange, noiseless mingling, half straggle, half accord passed from the darkened room into tbe light, and looked with a horror beyond words, into each other's faces. And tben all the forces of self-control conld no longer restrain the affrighted heart-stricken cry — 'Mary I' which caniefrom Letitia'sdrv lips. ( To bt continued.) 