t* Home Rule in America,' BEHffG A POLITICAL ADDBESS DELIVERED IS ST. ANDEEW'S HALLS, GLASGOW, ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1887, BY ANDEEW C AENEGIE, ESQ., UN DEB THE PBESIDENCY OP EOBEET WALLACE, \- ESQ., M.P. Published bt Aeeangejuent -with David Pbottdfoot, Bailwat Contbactoe, Sydney, New South Wales. In January, 1SS8, my worthy friend and philanthropist, Andrew Carnegie, sent me the first copy of his splendidly-conceived book, Teiuu phakt Democbact, and inscribed on the flyleaf, ' To my friend, David Proudfoot, of the Coming Australian Dominion.' Doubtless, 'with his bril liant imagination, the author of what is admittedly one of the grandest literary productions of the century foresaw that the Aus tralasian colonies must eventually become one . united dominion; but he could scarcely have anticipated that the attainment of this glorious desideratum was so near of achievement as the assembling, in the parent colony,., of the Federa tion Convention will induce all true lovers of Liberty and Progress to hope. In consequence of this National Confederation, it has occurred to me that the present is the opportune time for the publication of the follow ing magnificent oration, which, I feel confident, will be eagerly read and universally appreciated by all who are fortunate enough to secure a copY If the chairman of the meeting named (the Hon. Robert Wallace, M.P.) and the lecturer, to whom some thousands of his fellow-countrymen assem bled to listen, had in their minds the proposed 'Federation of Australasia,' the able, eloquent, and trenchant addresses delivered could not have been more appropriate. I am also delighted te note . that the ideas of that liberal- minded and veteran statesman from the land of the Maori are strikingly in accord with those of Andrew Carnegie ; and, it' the combined efforts or the toremost politicians of the coloiiies, now sitting in conference, result in a ' United Australia' on the lines enunciated by my friends, Sir George Grey, George E. Dibbs, and Andrew Carnegie, then, indeed, will the English speaking race of this rich and vast continent be able to 'boast, with pardonable pride, of being the possessors of the greatest and grandest Eepublic under the face of God's sun. Unfortunately, and to the regret of thousands ?who delight to dwell 'neath the Southern Cross, some of the talented legislators now assisting- at the deliberations of the conference favor federa tion on an Imperial basis, evidently fearing that the majority of Australians have a leaning for Republicanism on the American principle. For the edification of these gentlemen I will simply quote a sentence from a speech delivered by that Great and Grand Old Nobleman of Nature's making, William Ewart Gladstone, who said— 'As far as I can see, the American Constitution is the most wonderful work ever struck off at one time by the brain and purpose of man.' If Australasia was a republic to-morrow it would, as Carnegie says, bring the ties of friend ship closer and closer to the parent hind. Australians will not be hoodwinked by the Impe rial war scare, which is the bogey intended to in timidate us. It is much too thin. Australasia, federated into one great Eepublic, will prove, both by the ties of kindred and afieetien, a more powerful ally to the parent country, and one which no power on earth will be able to cut as under. DAVID PEOUDFOOT. Sydney, 5th March, 1891. A meeting was held in St. Andrew's Halls tinder the auspices of the Glasgow Junior Liberal Association on Tuesday evening, 13th September, at which Mr. Andrew Carnegie delivered a lec ture pn ' Home Eule in America.' The event was looked forward to by a large portion ef the community, not only because of the importance of the subject of Home Eule, which has a para mount place in the minds of the people at the ? present time, but because of the popularity of the lecturer and the eminence he has attained in th.9 commercial world and as a philanthropist, and as one who holds the friendly bond of union between this country and the United States of America. There was consequently a large demand for tickets of admission, hot only by members of the Association, but by many beyond its pale who were anxious io see and near the now celebrated Seoto-American. The doors of the hall were opened at; 7 o'clock, and ere long a goodly assem blage had gathered, which increased till the hall, area, and gallery were filled, raaay ladies occupy ing places in the gallery. The hall presented a gay appearance, being hung with flags of various nations, shields supporting trophies of flags, and ,?? drapings of crimson cloth. Behind the gallery, at the opposite end from the platform, was a very beautiful representation of the Eoyal arms, sup ported on one side by a picture of Britannia-, with the motto, appropriate enough for the meet ^\ing, ' Labor et Industria,' ajid on the other of tfoi. Scottish Eoyal arms, supported by unicorns, witb-^be.moito, ' Nemo me Inipune Lacesset.' During tie interval Mr. Berry played selections on the organ, wkch were greatly appreciated, and Mr. Carnegie took his place on the platform amid the enthusiastic cheers of the large audience and the strains of ' See the Conqueiinsr Hero Comes.' Mr. Carnegie was accompanied to the platform by Mr. Robert Wallace, M.P.; Sir William Collins; Provost Cochran, Paisley ; Mr. Hugh Watt, M.P.; Mr. Gilbert Beith; Mi-. D. Fraaer ; Mr. Andrew ^Di'Kechnie, secretary of Glasgow Junior Liberal Association ; and some scares of other gentlemen, including clergymen, distinguished men of letters, councillors, mer chants, &c.; Apologies were received from Messrs. John Morley, Chamberlain, Bright, Angus Sutherland, Cunninghaine-Graham, Brown, Cameron, Donald Crawford, and Barbour, members of the House of Commons; E. E. Euesell, ex-M.P. for Bridgeton ; Sir Thomas Clark, Bart., Lord Provost of Edinburgh; Thomas Glen Coats, Prin cipal Caird, Professor Biackie, Edinburgh; Professor Meiklejohn, ex-Sheriff Harry Smith, Lord Dean of Guild Biackie. Glasgow; James Campbell of Tillichewan, John Wilson. Mr. E. E. Eussell wrote — ' I hope you will have a successful and instructive meeting. To my great regret I shall not be able to be present.* Mr. Angus Stjtheelaxd, M.P., -wrote — ' I am very sorry I cannot be with you on Tuesday evening. I think it incumbent on me to be here at the present juncture, especially in view of the important business before Parliament this even ing. I congratulate the Junior Liberal Aesocia ? tion on being the means of affording the citizens . of 'Glasgow the opportunity of having expounded to them fee most perfect governmental constitu-? tion of modern times by one bo well qualified for the task as Mr. Carnegie, and under the presi dency of the ablest, most learnedj and thoroughly democratic of our Scottish Parliamentary repre sentatives.' ;v Mr. John Bright, M.P., in Jiis letter, Bald — 'Your friendly letter has just reached me. My engagements will not allow zna to accept your in vitation to the meoting for Tuesday. I can only therefore thank you for it.* \- Miv John Mqbley wrote — 'I anj sorry to say other engagements prevent me from having the plewjiura of being at your meeting to-morrow. Vk'ithmany thants for your invitation/ ?'.'' Pho;p\essoe Blackie wrote — :' I am eorry that it does not consist with my arrangements to be at QUasgow-QTo. the'itftn. . I have not the - slightest . cLeubt that we have much: to learn from America in the inatter of Hora6EuleV-:pur' present Parlia' merit is an unmanageable machine, and ij^etogding reproach to*ouBtitnit|0nal government.*, : v v -.?;.:'; . Oii rfcao : motion ;fpr.,-;3jE. John Hj3£*rlanj9, SkxK'sisir ;?? LBADBSjVs|&iinbujighi; -Mr. 'Wallace, ]&.P'., was called to the Chair; -?' ~Jf*.3fl:.'_ ? The Cjiaiuwan, who was received with loud ciieers, saidj^?'.'' ' '* ? -\ ::='-\ ?? '^ Ladies and GeutiiIIIeS,— Permit me' to thank yi -u for the honor vOTttave paid me in asking me Io occupy the jjpmtion m president over this ?STb.'it gathering of liberal politicians — (cheers) — '? :-.i:d to express the pleasure that I have, relying w-.on. your forbearance and support, in under ii^f.ng the important duty you have imposed upjn ine— *a pleasure arising in consideration l- ?! b of the name of our lecturer to-night antl of : ;.o tbtaie with which he intends to deal., (i.'hnera.) Tt1 Air. Carnegie, of Scotland and America— {c:li(;er«} — required Rny introduction here, I think, m viow of some recent ©vents, there might be a visible appropriateness is -having that Sattodvw*,, tion performed by cue of the Parliamentary representatives of the city of Edinburgh. (Cheers.) But Mr. Carnegie requires no introduc tion to you from me or from any one, for he is well known, I suppose, to all the population of Great Britain — and favorably known to most of them in various and equally admirable capaci ties. (Cheers.) I dare say that to full-blown Tories — (laughter) ---believing in the old idea of aristocratic rule, and to Toryescent Whigs, shiver- ingly acquiescing in the increasing development of popular institutions, he is not, perhaps, alto gether favorably known — (laughter)— although I should expect that even they would regard with approbation the action of the man who, having achieved colossal wealth by his own energy and ability — (cheers) — has not turned his back upon the class from which he sprang — (cheers) — or the country which gave him birth and bravery, but by acts of signal liberality has shown that he looks upon wealth not as a sort of booty to be en joyed in selfish isolation, but as a public trust, to be faithfully administered; and who has given capitalists and plutocrats a lesson in the distribu tion or those gains which they have won through the instrumentality of the toil of the masses of the population — (cheers) — a lesson which unless they learn on a more extensive scale than they seem at this moment to be doing, they may be come involved in some strong and hard applica tions of those principles which are even now transforming the position of the successors in title of those who formerly seized the land of the people but left the people to look after themselves. On the other hand, to advancing Liberals and to fully-advanced Radicals Mr. Carnegie is favorably known in a degree and with a completeness that admit of but few qualifications — known as a fearless advocate of those democratic ideas which some of us believe to be destined to revolutionise the politics of this country. (Cheers.) As far as our business to-night is concerned, the most important point about Mr. Carnegie is that he is admirably fitted to handle the theme which he has undertaken to expound to us, and to press its lessons home upon up, inasmuch as he is at once a Scotsman by birth and education, and an American by adoption and residence, fully ac quainted accordingly from the inside with both British and American institutions, and well qualified to speak of them and to compare their advantages and disadvantages, and f ully within his right if not within his duty in urging those reforms which his two-fold experience may have convinced him that we require. (Cheers.) But I have said my pleasure in occupying this honorable pssition to-night is associated net only with the personality of our lecturer, but -with the nature of the theme which he is to discuss. (Cheers.) Homo Rule in America is a subject thai; suggests to my mind very many interesting lines of disquisition, but it would be unpardonable in me to poach upon the lecturer's own preserves, or to deal with the details of the subject which he is to handle. At the same time you will for give me if I say that I myself stand here in a somewhat peculiar position, being one of those who know that it is altogether undesirable that the chairman of such, a meeting-as this should for long stand between the audience and the principal speaker. Yet still you will permit me to remind you that I stand in a somewhat peculiar position, because I am led to feelieve — in fact I have been distinctly informed by the promoters of this meeting, that, having come many hundreds of roiles in order to be present to take this place it is expected that I should say something more than simply — Here is Mr. Carnegie — (loud cheers)— and tserefore with your consent and permission, but with that only, I shall a little further occupy a few minutes — and they shall only be a very few minutes — of your time with one or two general observations suggested to me by the title of the lecture — ' Home Rule in America.' Now, the most general observation that occurs to my mind about Home Rule in America, is this, that Home Rule in America, both in its original inception and in what I may call its new creation subsequently under circumstances which threatened its extinction altogether, was the work of that great democratic principle which is now extending throughout all Europe, and throughout all circles of the civilised world. The constitution of Home Rule in America, at the first, was due to the courage of the American people, who rose to resist a tyranny that desired to use them only for its own purpose, and to govern them against their own consent. (Cheers.) And Home Rule in America as it was preserved— or, as I have already said, almost created a seeond time under comparatively recent circumstances that threat ened to it the greatest disaster — was due to the wisdom of the American people, who refused to throw away that union which is strength — (cheers) — and who, in so doing, indisputably demonstrated the fallacy and falsehood of the objection which is, in our own contemporary con troversies on Irish Home Rule, sometimes taken by those who object — the objection, namely, that Home Rule in the hands of a democracy neces sarily leads to disruption and separation. The experience of the American Republic proves that that is an utter fallacy. (Cheers.) Now, this same power of democracy is enlarg ing itself among ourselves, and there is reason why we should strive to have about it as clear ideas as we can attain. And, if you will allow me, I will mention one or two ideas that seem useful to bear in our minds with reference to this theme. And, first of all, I would say that we should never forget that to nations democracy is a necessity rather than a choice. (Cheers.) Some people seem to think that when they have succeeded in proving that democratic government, like all other human institutions, is not free from fault, they have done enough to put it out of court, and to leave the field open either to des potism or to an aristocratic oligarchy. But the simple answer to such criticism is that nations must resort to democracy in order to protect themselves from the oppressions of despotisms and oligarchies. (Cheers.) Even if it were triumphantly proved that democracy is more faulty as a theoretical scheme than it has been ever yet proved to be, still the necessity for re sorting to it wouia remain sue same u nations are to have due protection for themselves. In this view of the matter, democracy is rather a method of self- defence than a system of govern ment; and we all know that self-defence may often be clumsily enough performed; but the sufficient answer to all fault- finding is that we must either do it or or perish. (Cheers.) If a man is attacked by an assassin or robber, it is very probable that his style of defending himself would not give complete satisfaction to a professional pugilist, or to a fencing-master, or musketry instructor ; but what is the poor man to do ? (Cheers.) He has not sufficient time to gain a scientific training in the use of his fists, or his sword, or his firearm. The assailant's hand is upon his throat, and he must defend himself the best way he can, and leave scientific criticism to do its worst. (Cheers.) Just in the same way is it the case with nations. If des potisms and oligarchies have trampled upon the rights of nations in the past, as we know they have done, and if they are certain to trample upon them in the future, if they are given the chance, the only alternative left for the great masses of the people, is to take the control of their affairs out of the hands of the des potisms and oligarchies, and manage them in the best way they can. (Cheers.) Therefore it is that I say that democracy, criticise it as you may, is a necessity with nations rather than, a choice. (Cheers.) Nations must press forward to the realisation of the democratic ideal, under penalty of otherwise having to submit to a grow ing and grinding tyranny. (Cheers.) Then I will say further with respect to demo cracy, that it is not only a necessity, but that it is a eafe necessity. There are many necessities that are far from safe. A man sometimes may be . under the necessity of falling from the brow of a precipice, and that is a fatal necessity. (Laughter.). But it is not so with the necessity of democracy. It is a safe necessity, and I say that it is so because there is connected with it the great —I had almost said the cardinal principle — of the liberal creed— 'namely, the principle of the trust worthiness of the people — (hear, hear) — the principle that they may be trusted on the great, , broad considerations affecting the destinies and the happiness of nations. \- What do we mean by the trustworthiness of the people ? Well, it is a simple corollary that might be traced up to the comprehensive, proverbial truths, that two heads are better than one, and that the great soul of the world is just. £ObMn.} It Means that while the individual may be, and too often is, foolish, or wicked, or false, the nation as a nation is wise, and good, and true. (Cheers.) Individuals may be knaves or fools, but ao adult nation ever yet was, or could be, a knave or a fool (Cheers.) Even if we were not to speak of justice and of wisdom, even if were to allow that mankind are governed solely by the comparatively base motive of mere self- interest, still the argument for democracy would hold, because if sself- interest were the simple and sole motive, why the despotisms and oligarchies would necessarily look after only the interest of the few; but if the ruling power is the whole — that is, the many— that is, the mass of the people, then even on the doctrine of self interest the object of such government must be the interest of the whole, the interest of the many, the interest of the people, aud that is the true end of all government. (Cheers.) Now, it is on this principle that there is founded the other and the co-ordinate doctrine of the Liberal creed, that nations ought only to be governed by their own consent. (Cheers.) The principle of that is that if the nation is not consenting1 to its own government then that government is condemned by the very fact that it is not consented to by those who are the wisest in the matter, and whose voice is entitled to be the most authoritative on the question. (Cheers.) All nations desire to be governed; they know what anarchy means, they know that it means social disorder — nay, social destruction ; but they also know that there is such a thing; as good government and bad government, and they are far better fitted than any stranger can be to say what is good government for them ; and, accordingly, wherever you find in past history, or in the present, a nation, as a, nation, per sistently and continuously refusing to be governed by a certain authority that desires to force — even it may be respectable enough' laws — on them, you may draw the conclusion that that Government, for all purposes of successful ad ministration, is in a false position, and that the sooner it retires and makes room for institutions and rulers selected by those people themselves the better will it be for that falsely placed Government, and for those over whom they have vainly attempted to rule, and for all- those who are interested in the matter. (Cheers.) Then I make another remark in this connection before I offer my last observation and resign the position to the gentleman for whom it is, of course, right fully intended. I ask you to consider whether it is not a necessity for democrats in this country to assert themselves more pronouncedly within Liberal party. (Cheers.) What is the Liberal party ? The Liberal party is that party which, under an unwritten constitution of its own, sets before itself as the aim of its activities the greatest happiness of the greatest number — (cheers) — as opposed to that other party, which, in spite of sundry specious pretests, seeks the greatest happiness of the smallest number, or, at all events, of a very small number. The Liberal party is the party that seeks to raise the down- trodden and oppressed everywhere to the level of their just rights — to protect the poor from the selfishness of the rich, and which, generally, takes the side of the weak against the tyranny of the strong. In the performance of that duty it has been the fate of the Liberal party to come mainly into con- flict with that Oligarchic party which in ancient days seized the land and all the good of it for itself, and, as I have said already, left the people to shift for themselves. (Hear, hear.) Vast and valuable have been the concessions which the Liberal party have won from the Oligarchic party in the days that are past, scrolled as they are in letters of outstanding glory upon the page of history. But still the aristocratic system is powerful, and largely powerful for evil. A party made up of a nucleus of the original and adopted oligarchy, with the huge accretion of its imitators, dependants, parasites, victims, and dupes, which still manages to keep a feudalistic hold upon the land ; a party which is still able to falsify and debauch a great nation's instincts of reverence and obedience, creating on the one side an irrational pride, morally ruinous to its possessor, and on the other a cringing servi lity equally debasing to its victim, through its ability to maintain possession of hereditary honor and hereditary legislative power ; a party which can still perpetuate the principle of reli gious aristocracy in a creed and worship endowed with a monopoly of State prestige and revenue, embittering social relations, and hindering the advancement of truth in its highest aspects, by discouraging and putting at a disadvantage all other contrasted and competing forms of moral and religious propaganda ; a party which, among much else that might be named, can do all this, must be recognised as an army of wrong that still musters formidably on the traditional field of battle. (Cheers.) I do not know what may foe the preponderating political sympathies of those who are now before me, but I think I am speaking the sentiments of some, and I trust I am at all events to be per mitted to say for myself that I regard it as one of the great duties of the Liberal party in the future, while not neglecting the positive and construc tive side of its activity, in procuring at con venient times whatever act of legislation may directly tend to the promotion of the happiness of the people — (cheers) — I say I regard it as a central duty of the Liberal party to carry on its ancient and traditional antagonism and conflict with the oligarchic remnant, until not one stone is left upon another of the edifice of aristocratic privilege, in whatever shape it appear, whether of civil or religious aristocracy, so that out of its ruins, and upon their site, there may be built up a symmetrical system of institutions founded upon the principles of popular government, and ad- j apted to the exigencies of popular wellbeing, be- cause giving effect in their completeness and their perfection to the ideas of civil and religious equality. (Loud cheers.) Now, I ask your further indulgence, and the further indulgence of the lecturer, while I make one concluding observation before I formally in troduce him to your hearing, and that is, that the fierce opposition of the Tory party in our own time to Irish Home Rule is an encouragement to democrats — (hear, hear) — because it is a measure of the dread which the aristocratic party have of the growth of democratic power. (Loud cheers.) There is one thing there can be no doubt about, and. that is as to the fierceness of the opposition. The passing of the Crimes Act— (hisses) — when no demonstrable cause existed in the shape of ex- ceptional circumstances, the proclamation of the National League just at the moment when the Irish Treasury was being depleted for the purpose of purchasing white gloves for the Irish judges — (laughter and prolonged cheers) — the illegal sup pression of public meetings and of free speech, the apparent carelessness or indifference as to the shedding of the people's blood — (hear, hear) — and as to the danger of stirring up again the evil spirits of midnight combination and of moonlight outrage, the steady support given by self-styled Liberals, at any sacrifice whatever of most impor tant Liberal principles, to the measures of a Go vernment that was clearly and demonstrably enforcing a tyranny — (cheers)— because I say that every Liberal worth calling a Liberal ought to be able to see that when a Government is forcing its authority on an unwilling people it is in no other position than that of usurpation and tyranny — (cheers) — I say all these things are sufficient evi dences of the earnestness — I had almost said the sanguinary earnestness— of the opposition which the aristocratic party is showing in the way of seeking to quell the demand for Home Rule and the party which is the organ of that demand. (Cheers.) Now I want to ask you for one moment what is the explanation of this fierce opposition ? It can not be those pretexts which the aristocratic party have put forward as the ground of their objection to Irish Home Rule, for these pretexts — even the best of them — are transparently flimsy and shal low. Why, take even that bugbear of separation which is the chief among them. It is enough to ask, would it be possible for Ireland to separate from us except with our own consent ? In order to set up a separate nationality she would have to keep and pay for an army and a navy sufficient to give her a military standing against the other nationalities — (cheers) — and more particularly against the neighboring nationality of Great Britain— (cheers) — with a population seven times her own in number, and with wealth I suppose a hundred times her own. Ireland would make herself bankrupt in the attempt, aad even then she would be helpless. (Cheers). The thing to any mind that is not bunded by prejudice is ob vious enough, and was put in a way that never has been met by the Irishmen's own Dean Swift, when he said that ten men in armor would always be a match for one man in his shirt, (laughter &&d; cheers.) Therefore, I say that these pretended reasons of the Tory party and of their recreant allies — (hooting) — I submit these are not the true explanation of the matter, and that we have to seek deeper for it. I further submit that the true explanation is, that in this great Irish crisis the aristocratic party and their so-called Liberal allies have dis cerned a great uprising of the democratic prin ciple. The Irish question is merely a special phase of the great general democratic question — (cheers) — namely, 'Shall the will of the people prevail, or shall it not? (Cheers.) Shall the consent of the nation be essential to its govern ment, or shall that consent be crushed ? — ( Cries of ? No.') — and it is just because the aristocratic party hava seen instinctively that this is the essence of the question, and have felt that they were fighting a battle of self-defence, that they have been animated by the fierce opposition that has characterised them. (Cheers.) They feel that if democracy is victorious on so important a field as that of Home Eule in. Ireland, it may afterwards bs encouraged to march on to victories more domes tic and more disastrous to them and theirs. (Cheers.) That being so, I say that we, who are democrats — we may not be all so here, but I am pretty sure there are some — (cheers) — at all events I know of one — (cheers) — we are, I say, encouraged by the state of things, because the very dread of our opponents shows their know ledge that there is a living power that they have to deal with in this matter, and that living 'power is not a slight one. Only let us remember that in fighting our battle on these lines we do not fight it in a merely self-seeking spirit. I do not say that a man is not to abate injustice and un- righteousness simply because they happen to be illustrated in his own case, for he is bound - to abate injustice and unrighteousness wherever ' they are to be found. But I do say that it ennobles all effort 'when it is put forth not in the interest of self but in the interest of others, and every nature with the slenderest element of ele- vation in its composition will feel itself immeasur- ably strengthened by the consciousness of doing battle for those who require all the aid that can be put forth on their behalf. (Cheers.) And accordingly, it is always a great advantage when we are able to say not merely that we will stand up for our rights, and beard the tyranny that would take them from us, but when we are further able to say we are fighting for humanity — (cheers) — for our children and for our children's children — (cheers) — that their lives may not be embittered by the wrongs that have embittered- ours, that their homes may be brighter, their bread ampler, their -whole lot better than our own; we' are fighting for our comrades and friends, that they may be sharers in the fruits of our victory ; we are fighting for the wronged and the oppressed to the uttermost ends, of the earth, that the spec- tacle of our. complete emancipation may inspire them with a faith in the possibility of freedom, and that the final blow -which strikes down the remnant of that oppression against which our forefathers strove in the centuries that are gone may simultaneously strike a pang of weakness and fear into the hearts of those who are tramp ling upon human rights in dark places of the earth that are full of the habitations of cruelty. (Cheers.) Mr. Carnegie, who was received with prolonged cheers, said — Lift. Peestdent, Ladies and Gentlemen. — I have first to thank the ofiicers of the Junior Liberal Association for giving me the great privi lege of standing before a vast audience of my fellow-countrymen here in the Second City of the Empire, in that city which, more than all other cities, has done much to draw closer ths two branches of the great English speaking race, my native and my adopted land. (Cheers.) The great ships which you are sending forth every year to ply to and fro across the Atlantic — are shuttles weaving a glorious web between the two nations. Already we have spelt out in the glorious pattern international arbitration, aud there is yet to come, as we draw closer and closer together, eternal friendship and goodwill. The recent appointment of a Commission to settle the Fisheries dispute proves once more that never henceforth is a drop of blood of one branch of the race to be shed by the other branch. And, Sir, permit me, in speaking of that Fisheries Commission, to say that I for one, and I believe all Liberals -and all British people, were rejoiced that a man like Mr. Chamberlain — (hisses and cheers, and a voice, ? He's a ruffian ') — should have found a position in which he can do more good to this country than any which he could find at home. (Cheers.) It is a great work this upon which he has embarked. I know that the Pall Mall represents him as a Jonah thrown overboard to the fishes — (laughter) — but I trust that he too, like Jonah,will return from the excursion — (laughter) — wholly uninjured, with increased reputation, and able to boast that he has done something which no other traveller has ever done. . (Laughter.) | When I accepted the invitation to deliver a political address before this audience, I stated that it would be unbecoming in me te enter into the quarrels — the temporary and passing quarrels — which, unfortunately, have existed in the Liberal party, but which, I am happy to say. between the date of my acceptance and the date of my appearance, have largely vanished into thin air. (Cheers.) The recent elections did not show much of a schism in the' Liberal party — (hear, hear) — and therefore I approach, the subject of Home Eule in America to-night, feeling that I ia nowise become a party to the dissatisfactions and to the jealousies which hair« esisted among- you. For I tell you tills, be he Liberal Gladstonian, be he Liberal Unionist, be he Conservative, or be he Tory — (laughter) — I believe I have described all the variations — (re- newed laughter) — in the soul of every honest, and fair, and patriotic citizen of this great land there lies like a weight the conviction that whatever may come, the present condition of affairs in Ire land must cease. (Hear, hear, asd cheers.) You must no longer disgrace the English name, and make us blush in America for the laud of our fathers — (cheers) — the land that has been the pioneer of liberty. The mother of nations must no longer stand before the world confessing at her own doors, in a part of her own Empire, she is unable to found just laws which commend themselves to the public sentiment of the go verned. (Cheers.) Home Rule is certain. and therefore I enter upon no disputed question when I venture to lay before you the phase of Home Rule which we have in America, hoping that when your bill is prepared you may find, some hints there which may be of use to you in solv ing this great and pressing question. 'Now, gentlemen, it will be necessary for me to say a few words upon the American Constitution. What is it ? I will tell yeu upon what it is founded. It is founded upon your own Constitu tion, and it is largely the work of a Scotsman. (Cheers.) I appeal to any scholar here, to any man who has read the proceedings antecedent to to the adoption of the Constitution. I ask you read the Federalist, and you will find that the draft of the American Constitution submitted by Alexander Hamilton — (cheers) — with very few amendments, was adopted, and is to-day that Constitution. (Cheers.) I do not think that will cause it to be less favorably considered be fore a Glasgow audience. (Cheers.) Well, the eulogies of that Constitution have been so great and so many recently, . that I will not trouble you with quotations ; but in the works of Matthew Arnold, Froude, Freeman, Dicey, and last, but not least, Mackenzie, a, Scotsman who has written a won derful history of America — a Dundee man, I believe — and Sir Henry Mayne, you can read pages of eulogy which, as an American, my modesty will not permit me to repeat. I will, however, venture to quote from the leaders of your two parties, that you may see how they corroborate the views expressed by these writers. My Lord Salisbury — (hcoting) — has said— 'The Americans have a supreme court which gives a stability to their institutions, for which we look here in vain ; the Americans have a Senate wonderful in its power and efficiency; would that we could have such a second chamber here !' (Hear, hear.) I will tell Lord Salisbury how he can have it. (Laughter and cheers.) There is no patent for its exclusive uso^ — (laughter) — and there is only one way of getting' anything good in a nation. The United States Senate springs from the people. (Cheers.) There is not the poison of hereditary privilege in its veins — (hear, bear) — and that is what makes it so powerful and wonderful in its strength and efficiency; and if my friend Lord Rosebery, when he briagft ia his bill to re! win the.. House of Lords, which he has promised, can only per suade Lord Salisbury to agree to exclude the hereditary poison, why, then, you can get a Senate chamber equal to the American in strength and emciency. (Cheers.) Tou can not get it any other way, and unless this is conceded Lord Rosebery will find that his only safety lies in taking the advice Hamlet gave to the players — * Reform it altogether.* (Laughter and cheers.) Well, now, a greater man 'than Lord Salisbury— (cheers) — do not cheer, I am not going to give the name — (laughter and cheers) — but when I mentioned the name in Edinburgh, all the audience jumped to their feet and cheered, and I enjoyed it very much. As I said, a greater authority than Lord Salisbury, and one 'who has done a great deal more in improving Constitutions, has pro nounced the American Constitution the most wonderful work ever struck off at one time by the brain and purpose of man. (Loud cheers, and a voice, ' Gladstone,') I do not know whether Mr. Gladstone, being a Scotsman — (great cheering) — may not be a little partial to the -work of a Scotsman like Alexander Hamilton, but these are his words. (Cheers.) The day after to-morrow there will assemble in the city of Philadelphia representatives from all parts of the United States, with the Judges of the Suprema Court and the President at their head, to celebrate the centenary of the adoption of the Constitution. (Cheers.) The Constitution, a hundred years ago, was adopted by a population of three millions which fringed the Atlantic coast. To-day it holds peaceful sway over the majority of the English speaking race — more English-speaking people than all Great Britain and all her colonies, even were the latter doubled in population; and although this branch of the British people has extended from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and southwards from the coast of Maine to the Gulf of Mexico, they have not outrun the bene fits or the protection of that Constitution. (Cheers.) Let uie now describe that Constitution to you. The Government of the United States, under the constitution, is divided into three departments — the legislative, the executive, and the judicial. The Legislature consists of two Houses, as your ovm Constitution does — a House of Representa tives, elected for two years by a direct vote of the people, and a Senate, compased of two sena tors from each of the thirty-eight States, elected for six years by the State Legislature, but so elected, that every two years one- third of the entire body retires to the people to seek re-election and have the chance of being displaced by wor thier servants. (Cheers.) Each of these repre- ; sentatives receives as & compensation for their services £1000 per annum. _i Cheers.) They sit from 10 o'clock in the morning till 4 o'clock in the afternoon, aad having- paid ior the services of these gentlemen the nation exacts regular attend ance.' (Cheers.) It exacts their abilities and attention, when these are fresh, and it- would not tolerate for a moment 168 barristers, as in your present Parliament, who do all their work in the day time and come to you to muddle your busi ness at night. (Much laughter.) I have sat a great deal in your House of Commons. It is largely a debating club for the display of vanity, and it is no longer a sober, thoughtful, legisla tive Chamber. (Hear, hear.) It never -will be as long as its members consider that they give you d gentlemanly class that condescends — (a laugh! — : to serve you in Parliament. Your legislators are always yoar masters here, but in America they are our paid servants. { Cheers.) Tou know that celebrated story of a gentleman who lost a great deal of money by a false play at whist on the part of his partner. He scolded him, and the matter was referred to the leading expert of the Whist Club. The question was this — Could a man make such a stupid play as that which was described, and the decision of the re feree was that he thought he might — after dinner, (Laughter and loud cheers.) That is one point not embraced in Home Rule — (laughter) — but I mention 'it incidentally. (Cheers.) Well, then, the -power of the the Houses of Parliament is very much akin to your own in one respect. As far as the House of Representatives is concerned, they have the poorer of the purse, but the Senate of the United States is of equal power with the House. No Act becomes an Act without their approval. No treaty can be signed by the President, no appointment made of a petty postmaster, no appointment of an Ambassador or Minister or Aggut, without the couseiit an.4 vote and approval or the most august .Legislative Assembly in this world — the American Senate. There is where we hold our chief ruler. The President must carry with him that body oil Sena- ! tors. (Cheers.) We have our executive in the hands of the President. We make our king every four years. (Loud and con tinued cheering.) I think I will repeat that — it seams to please you so much. (Laughter and loud cheers.; We make our king every four years — (loud cheers) — and we pay him a tremen dous salary. I suppose all you people would j grudge it for a crowned head. We pay him ten j thousand pounds per artmiffi — (loud laughter and j cheers) — and we hare nothing to do with his brothers and his sisters and his cousins and his aunts. (Loud and continued cheering.) Wby, I am afraid I have got into an American meeting'. (h&u;/iiier, ana cries of ' liepeat it/ and ' Say it again/) We make our king every four years. (Laughter and c'aaers.) We pay him ten' thousand per annum, and we : have nothing to do with his brothers and his sisters and his cousins and his aunts — (.loud cheers) — and at the end of four years, if we do not like him, -we put him down, and elect another one. My fellow-countrymen, I would like you tre cast your eye over the list of American Presi dents — (loud cheers) — and compare them for the last hundred years 'with, certain individuals that you have been cursed with on your throne. (Cheers.) Compare them, man for man, and see where you will land. (Laughter.) This President nominates his Cabinet; but, mark you,not a man is a member of his Cabinet; until the Senate says ' Approved/ He may dismiss them, but when he nominates another, the other man must go through that ordeal before he becomes a member of our Cabinet. (Sear, hear, end cheers.) The President is not only the first civil Magis trate; he is the flrst military Magistrate. We bring- the civil power right where we want the civil power to be — at the head ; and we put the military power where a military power ought always to be — at the foot. (Cheers.) The Presi dent of the United States is the Commander-in Chief of the Army and of the Navy, and of the military forces of the States when he chooses to call them into service. This is no shadowy power. When General Grant was at the top of his fame — (cheers) — it was rumored that he was about to conclude a convention with General Lee which touched upon the policy te be pursued, and I saw the telegram vrhich President Lincoln- — (cheers) — wrote with his own hand — 'To Major General Grant, near Eichmond, Virginia, — You will hold no conventions with General Lee except for the capitulation of his a riny. (Cheers.) You will not confer, nor discuss, nor conclude any question of any political import whatever. (Cheers.) The .President holds these questions in his own hands, and he will not submit them to any military conference whatever/ (Cheers.) That is the kind of power we give our President, and we hold him responsible for the exercise of that power — (cheers) — and at the end ef four years he gives us an account of his stewardship. At his call to-day seven millions of men capable of bearing arms, accustomed to bear arms, and only too ready to bear arms inde fence of the Union, would stand forth. But two years from, now that. President would b» one of the seven millions shouldering his musket in the ranks. . (Loud cheers.) ..i; ?,?,--- ?..?' Now, then, cur Cabinet , .does not appear in our House of Congress. .- 'They make written, communications. They answer,. &U.; question^ which either House requires* but they do not deliberate .with the House, because the American people are most jealous of any interference be? ttreen the Legislative and the Executive. Now, to regulate ail the rights 'of these people the Supreme Court, the object of Lord Salisbury's admiration, has been created. It consists of nine judges. They receive J82000 a year each for their services, and the Chief-Justice of the United States receives J2100 more than his fellows. He passed through your country the year before hast, the head of the American Government in one sense, because the Court iB above the President, as it interprets the Acts of Congress, and is the arbiter of the community. He passed along un noticed. The aristocracy and the Court paid no attention to the Chief Judge of the United States. That is very much to be wondered at, because Buffalo Bill had not then arrived. (Laughter.) But when your Chief- Justice visited America he was received as became a man in his position. The President of the United States received him, the cities received him, and he was everywhere enter tained in a manner which, I trust, some future day, the Chief-Justice may experience when be viEits this countey when the democrats are in poorer. (Cheers.) This Supreme Court has a veto on all laws passed by the House, tile Senate, and the Presi dent. It does not make a particle of differ ence if the House of Representatives pass a law, and if the Senate jjass it, and the President approves it, any man cau make an issue and appeal to the Supreme Court — ' Is that law con stitutional f ' If it is decided to be unconstitutional it is waste paper. (Cheers.) But great as are the povrsrs which our Supreme Court possesses, remember the Supreme Court can start no issue. It can only decide issues which are broughs before it, so that it is only when the law would w«rk injustice or create popular discontent that the Supreme Court is appealed to at all. Now, then, having briefly described to you the three depart ments of the American Government, allow me to say that the Supreme Judges remain for life, sub ject- to removal by the President aud Cabinet for misbehavior or inability to serve. Now then we come to the great question. How is it possible that not only one nation but thirty eight nations — thirty-eight States covering a Con tinent almost as bic as Europe — how are their legislative and political matters managed ? In no way is that possible but by Home Rule. (Loud cheers.) Let me show you how deep down the principle of Home Rule goes and how far it extends, how wide-spread it is under this American system. The land of America is divided by Government surveyors, — and you will understand that I speak now not of the small Atlantic States which were divided before the Constitution was adopted, but ef the great west and north west in which the majority of the American people dwell. It was divided into six square miles. These are called townships,and a few settlers make up a township. By and by they feel the want of roads, they feel the want of every thing, and they decide to have a meeting. Now here is a record of a meetiag of a similar charac ter to that which has created thousands and thousands and thousands of councils. Tou will see it is most interesting. Just listen to -where Home Euie begins ; see its beginning — its roots. It always reminds me of that beautiful poem «f Ballantine's about the brook, when It dropped from a g-rey rook Upon a mossy stone. (Cheers.) Yes, away up there — that is where tbe Home Rule stream starts. (Cheers.) Here is what you find. Here is the township of Burling ton in Cathoun County, Michigan. * Organised in 1S37, and held its first township meeting April 3rd of that yoar, electing Justus Goodwin, super viser; O. C. Freeman, town-clerk; Justus Good win, Gibesia Sanders, and Moses S. Gleason, jus | tices of the peace ; Leon Haughtailing, constable aud collector/ That is the German element you sea coming into America. (Laughter.) ' Estab lished six road districts; voted 100 dollars to build a bridge across the St. Joseph Eiver and 50 dollars for bridging Nottawa Creek ; voted 50 dollars for common schools/ Ah, gentlemen, that is a vote J Fifty dollars ! The first meeting of a few stragglers in the western wilderness, and the first thing they do is to vote fifty dollars for common schools to educate all their children free of price. Not7 you are getting- at the roots of democracy, gentlemen. (Cheors.) But that meeting did an other tbia.^-. Ifc voted five dollars for wolf-scalps. (Laughter.) That throws a great light upon the situation Trhen the wolves were so numerous that they gave a £ premium for every scalp that was brougiit; in. Well, now, that is a beautiful pic ture of Home Eule. There was no superior officer thei-e. Tsey made themselves and created them selves into a political community. It was universal sufixaere — there was no privilege. I do not find any thing about who Leon Haughtailing was, or where or wjien lie Tras born, or who wiis his grandfather. He -was elected, not because he was the richest man, but because his feilow-citizsns thought hifet the best man at tlieir command. That is the first meeting of tbe Jittle township of six miles. By and by other settlers come into the neighbor hood and form other squares. And they hold similar meetings, and ttiey vote for common schools. In the course of time fifteen or twenty communities have been created, and they com bine. They find that they have not good enough school accommodation tor each township, and that they cannot have a court- house and all the provisions for government upon so small an area. And they gay, let fifteen or twenty of us town ships combine and send representatives elected hy universal suffrage in proportion to our populations. A Convention is created for the county, and they go forward and elect county officers in the manner in which they eiecied their township ofiicers, and they elect their judges. And I have sufficient faith in t.lie democracy to say, 'Gire me the judge | elected by the pe*yie/ (Cheers.) No community in America, ivhich has ev«r tried the experiment -has regretted it. I tell you the democracy is most interested in the purity oi' its judges. It is the poor man, the working man, who is in terested in the judges. And as all humanity has its bias, I tell you frankly that ! you- gentlemen have the prejudices of the gentle man class, and. your newly made Baronets have the prejudices or the aristocracy worse than any old Baronets — (ia-ughter) — and your newly made Lores are a disgrace t© Mr. Gladstone — (laughter and cheers, and cries of 'No, no') — then they are a disgrace to themselves. (Cheers.) Well he country goes forward — tihe second and larger circle of H me Sule. Observe now there is not what v.-e might eail a foreign element. There is no outside eh-.ixwnt, but ail aa outgrowth from the democracy itself. There is no divine right about it. it is a healthy, grand, glorious growth of the body politic itself. (Hear, hear.) Very well, then, the county gets a little too small for their growing- life. They want railroads, churches, grand halls. They want everything that a civilised people want. They went everything that is good, and they get everythiug- that is good, so far as human nature can get perfection. Twenty or thirty of these counties conclude that they will make a State, and they elect officers by a conven tion as in the case of towaships and counties, and they meet and establish a capital, about the centre ci the proposed State generally. They elect a Governor and a House of Representatives, and the State Legislature is composed *f two Houses, one called the House of Representatives, and the other is called the State Senate. The word Congress' is never used, except when the National meeting at Washington is meant. The word ' Con gress' is sacred to the great central power, as I trust that in the great Home Rule Bill the word ' Parliament ' will be sacred to that great body which will meet at Westminister, and attend to international affairs. (Cheers.) Well now, gentlemen, the State is born in that way. Every State haa its own Governor; it lias its own jaiiitia, its own Courts, and its own Judges, and it manages its own taxation. It dees everything that a state can do . everything that pertains to the state itself. That is a very, very broad plat form of Home Eule ; but the broader you make the Home Eule principle, always provided that it is subordinate to the national or federal principle, the better for the rulers, and the better for the peepie themselves. (Chesra.) Well,- then, the several States, as you are aware, banded together and formed the nation. There wei e thirteen of them originally. The States being, as you kaow, before t;he general Government, the people of America gave the general Govern ment; certain delegated powers, and a : comprehensive 'clauser of -the constitution sajs thac all' ppjfers, not', erprgssly dele? .gated ..'.axe retained . by the States , them- selves. That is tie ;p'r^neiple|'or S^eJlule in, America. The Tfofinnffi' .Goverkin^nt .is' %P sun of our systism, a44 round the^ tJovernmemL j;he ; State's revolve, eaghi one on ita'«wn a?i6,.B6me' at one angje, some at .another, all state ^oT^munj ties. .governing their own affairs jnthe w^y that ssems best io them. A&d; therefore it Js'lnipoE sible you can ever . have a St^-jte revolution in America-, any more than it is possible for & man to turn and rend himself. The State Constitution is part and parcel of its people. It is their own work ; they made it, and if they do not like it they can mend it. (Cheers.) Now, then, will you permit Tne, having sketched the. American Constitution to you, to apply its provisions to the case of Home Eule at home. (Cheers.) And in doing so you will all clearly understand, which I need not tell you, that I do not represent anybody but myself. I bind no body. The Liberal party — Gladstonian— is not responsible for what I describe as the operation* of the American Constitution ; and the Unionist is not responsible, and no Tory or Conservative may be alarmed upon the head of his responsi bility for anything which I. say. (Laughter and cheers.) Kbw then, if we were to deal wjith the Home Rule question — taking this great Constitu tion for our guide — I will mention in rotation four points, and just tell you how we would settle them — and we would settle them. When the democracy of America put its foot down it stays there. The first condition is the supremacy of' the National Parliament. I do not like the word Imperial. (Cheers.) You may have an empire soon enough. You have very nearly and Empress now, and -when you get an Emperor you can use ' Imperial/ but I prefer ' National.' (Cheers.) Well it goes with out saying that -when two men ride a horse one must ride behind. (Laughter.) There must be no mistake about the powers in the general Government. I will not say whether the recent bill introduced was faulty or not in its expression of that power. Unionists may contend that it was, and they have the highest possible authority for thinking the words were ?unfortunately vague. But of this I have not the slightest doubt, that it never entered into the brain cf any man that any assembly given to Ireland or Scotland would not have to bow before the National Assembly — ^the Parlia ment. (Cheers.) The American Constitution provides this: 'This Constitution, and the acts under it passed by the Na tional Government, as interpreted by the Supreme Court, are the supreme laws of the land, anything in the State laws or State consti tutions to the contrary notwithstanding/ And if I were called onto settle the Home Rule question, that is the language I would put into the new bill. (Cheers.) Mind you, that power being there, it has never to be exercised. It has only been exercised once in s hundred years upon an important issue, and that issue was one which no human constitution, nor all the human powers on earth, could have averted. The man or nation that tries to bind together in harmonious development, freedom, and human slavery has attempted the impossible, and when the great democratic forces came face to face, in the development of that country, with the slave power, which disputed its rights, one or the other had to fall, and you know which one fell. (Cheers.) Tou might as well try to bind demo cracy and privilege. The two are antagonistic forces ; and I believe the Scotsman newspaper of the 16th August, in an editorial on theNbrthwich election, used the most significant words I have beard since I took up rny residence among you. ' Democracy means ' — I quote the Scotsman— * Democracy means, and rightly means, that privilege shall cease/ (Cheers.) Well now, after what has been said about the supremacy of the National Government, i ask any Unionist here to consider in his mind to-night whether he has the shadow of a fear that that will not be provided for in the new bill. Has not Mr. Gladstone said — (hear, hear) — ' All patlia ments, all assemblies, with statutory powers are necessarily subordinate to their creator, and I have no objection to name the delegated powers/ Now, then, when he names the delegated powers, he will follow the American Constitution. The other point on which great stress is laid, and laid rightly in my opinion, and in the opinion of the American Constitution, is the question of the continued representation of Ireland in the National Assembly. Well, gentlemen, a great deal has been said in this controversy about American opinion. I have asked hundreds of Americans — and you have got some intelligent Americans no doubt in Glasgow — atk their opinion yourselves. There is not an American living that will not answer this question as every one lias answered to me — ' Would you agree that the State of Virginia should have a Legislature of its own, and be absolved from the duty of sending representatives to the National Congress at Washington to deliberate equally with all other representatives, and hence be bound equally with the others for all its acts ?' And the reply is, ' Never/ (Cheers.) And with the new Bill I would ask any Unionist — because I am most anxious to restore the harmony of the Liberal party — (cheers; — Gentlemen, you have a hard enough fight before you, you have many measures, the adoption of 'which lie deep at your heart, you need every vore and every innuence at your com mand for this campaign — very well, I ask any Unionist to-night to consider whether he has the slightest doubt but that the representatives of Ireland and Scotland -will continue to be sent to the Imperial Parliament at Westminster. I do not see how he can have a doubt. I had my doubts vhen the Bill was cabled across the Atlan tic. I could see that point clearly myself, and I took prompt measures to point out to friends here ?n-hat I thought was the weak point in that Bill. But, gentlemen, I thought I could do most good -within the party. I have known what Mr. Gladstone has alieady done. There is no man living can carry reforms as he can — (prolonged cheers)— and if his Me be spared, as he will — (cheerE) — I am satisfied — I wiil not say I am satisfied, I know, because he has said it — that he will deal with this ques tion without touching the question of Irish representation. (Cheers.) We corne to tbe third point — Ulster. (Laugh ter.) Now, I am going to apply the American Constitution to Ulster — (laughter) — and I tell you it is not -without force in Ulster, or in any part of Ireland. They 'prill not seek anything be yond -what the Americans give their States. ' If they do, every son of an Irishman in America — (laughter) — and there are a million of such — and evftry American will denounce the demand as something which upon no consideration they themselves would ask, and which every well wisher of Great Britain urays she never -will give. (Cheers.) As to Ulster/speaking- as an American Home Ruler, that is too trifling a subject to talk about among statesmen. (Hear, hear.) The pro vince of Ulster is very nearly Nationalist, and, divided by the aggregate of the poll, it is Nationalist to-day. I reject with contempt and indignation the p,fcfce:npt, in this 19h century, to stir up sectarian, jealousy. (Cheers.) Tou know, and I know, what Scotland has done for civil and religious liberty. If there be any body of Pro testant Irishmen who wish to keep themselves apart and nurse those bitter hatreds, those feuds that give rise to disturbance of the peace— if they want to do that, I aai against them — (cheers) — and if there be any body of Catholics that wish to nurture such feuds, and keep themselves apart from their fellow-Protestant citizens, I am against them also. t(Cheers.) There is no difficulty about Ulster. Whenever you give Ireland Home Rule you will stir up a patriotic name. (Cheers.) And they will all be Irishmen first, and Ulster men and Tipperary men afterwards — (cheers) — and the presence of Catholics and Protestants meeting in an assembly laboring for the national good -will soften all asperities, and make them understand each other better than they hava hitherto done. (Cheers.) The question of Ulster will settle itself. (Hear, hear.) Left to a plebiscite of the Ulster people, you will hardly find a man that will not say, ' Let us go with our country,* and I would not respect the man that did not say so, were he a hundred times a Protestant of the Protestants. (Laughter.) That is not the Protestant religion. (Cheere.) It is founded on private judgment and tree thought, and the Irish Protestants have much to learn yet as to the fundamental principles of the faith of which they would boldly stand forth as the main adherents. (Cheers.) I now come to the fourth point. Tou will notice I am following the four contentions of the Unionists. (Laughter.) JDo not laugh at the unionists. Let me tell you there were reasons for their contentions, much as I differ with them as to the mode 'trhich they took to enforce them. I think the Unionists within the councils of the Liberal party would have been much more powerful — I know the representatives oi the Unionists in Parliament would have been more powerful, if they had labored within the lines of the party under the banner of the only possible chief — (cheers) — but the Unionists whom I have met and wrestled with have always told me, ' Mr. Gladstone is all wrong/ I will tell you a story in point. Henry Clay was the most popular man America had. Well, he voted against Lis con stituents upon the Slavery question, which was the only burning question of the time, and he offered himself for re-election. There was not a ghost of a chance of his being returned to Wash ington any more than there is of any Unionist being returned to the next Parliament. (Cheers.) I d© not think any Unionist will stand wheu next Parliament is elected. I hope all will be Unionists in the larger and proper sense. (Cbeers.) Well, Henry Clay, saw that there was no use in coaduot jing his canvass if he stood up to defend ^vhat lie had done, so he went before the farmers of Ken tucky and made one speech all over the State. *2f©w boys,* lie said, 'you have all got good trusty rifles. Think of the game your rifle has brought down. Did your rifle ever miss fire. I have shot a good deal, and my rifle missed fire now and then. (Laughter.) Did you on that account throw it away, or did you pick it up and try again?' There was no resisting such an appeal, and Clay was re-elected by the greatest majority he ever received. (Cheers.) Now, admitting all that the most conscientious or contentious Unionist has to say, I think if he has much of human nature in him, much of gratitude for past services much of admiratloa. £2? the noblest political career, he vrill pict up that; oid stile — Gladstone. (Cheers.) Just let the old man haya another shot. (Laughter and cheers.) I will trager ten to one — (renewed laughter) — he will bring down the game. (Laughter and loud cheers.) I will tell you another thing-. I know your public men pretty well, but I do not believe you have got a rifle in the whole army, in the whole State — vrith all due deference to Mr. Wallace — in the whole House of Parliament — I hope he will not consider this a personal reflection — you have not got a rifle that can bring down this game like Mr. Gladstone. (Cheers.) Now, then, I come to the judicial question. We want to be thorough the Tories eay. We are not thorough when we oppress the people and thrust laws upon thenr which they do not want, we are only thorough when ire go to the root of popular dissatisfaction and make our laws just. Now, the American States elect their own judges, who determine all issues between the citizens of the same State. A Pennsylvanian has the right to be tried by the Courts of Pennsylvania, and to have his case decided by Vn« fellow-citizen — the judge whose character he knows and trusts. There is no appeal beyond the Supreme Court of Pennsyl vania, in an issue pertaining to Pennsylvania; but under the National Constitution any issue between men of different States may be proceeded with in the Courts of the United States. The Supreme Court of the United States sits at Washington, but it has judges in each district of the country. Sometimes one State will have one federal judge, sometimes two. Pennsylvania has two, one at Pittsburg and the other at Philadelphia, 350 miles apart. That is matter of arrangement, and you can there have an appeal to the United States Court. Apply that to Ireland. In the first place, Irish judges already exist, and they ?will be retained. (' No/) I think so, for the present. It is not likely a good judge would be dismissed. Therefore, I think the Irish Execu tive would take over the Irish judges. (A voice : 'They are bad.') Then, if they are bad, the Irish people won't take them. (Cheers.) Itisaprima facie case, that a judge is a good judge unless he can be proved bad. It will be for the Irish Executive to re-appoint or choose their own judges. What I want to point out to you is that if you pay regard to the lesson of Home Rule in America, you will allow the Irish Assembly to appoint Irish judges and to determine Irish affairs ; and you will hold, of course, through the delegated powers, the right in any issues of an international character, to appeal from th6ee courts to the Imperial Power, such an appeal as every Scotchman hasjaow to the judicial Lords of the House of Lords. (Cheers.) Now, that would settle the judicial question ; but if you are going to give Ireland Home Rule, and withhold \- from her or from Scotland, when she gets Home Rule, as I trust she soon will — (cheers) — the control of the highest func tion, and the very essential of all Government, namely, the right to execute justice and adminis ter the laws among her own citizens, you are going to give them a mockery. (Cheers.) Tou are going to play the part of Hamlet with Ham let left out, and you will have the Irish, question upon you again and again in worse forms than it is now. Tou must make the judicial power in Ireland respected in Ireland, and you cannot do that unless it derives its power from the Irish Government. I do not profess that the Liberal party has quite clearly sounded this note; but I trust the democracy will watch with clear eye the clause giving judiciary powers to Ireland. Tou cannot give Home Rule to Ireland if you take from the Government the power to enforce its decreeE. Tou may as well bind the Govern ment, Mazeppa-like, on a wild horse with out whip, spur, rein, or bridle, and expect peace and good government and loyalty in Ireland, if you deny to the Irish Executive the highest of all political functions, the administration of law, and th« maintenance of peace and order. So says the American Con stitution. (Cheers.) Now, I will touch upon one point — the land question. (Cheers.) Sh'ery State of the American Union has a right to make a kirk or a mill of its land if it pleases. (Laughter.) It is its own. If the soil of a nation is not the property of that nation, and if you are not going to allow Ireland to manage its ovrn land, what are you going to allow it to manage ? (Cheers.) The land ques tion is at the foundation ef everything in the State3 and yeu find that the Land Bill is discarded — rightly so, and Mr. Gladstone has said that the sands have run for the landlords. (Cheers.) That is too good to believe. (* No/) I doubt even Mr. Gladstone's power to make a bill as it ought to be in regard to land. ' And why, because in the Liberal councils you have lots of Irish landlords. Lord Hartmorton is a large Irish land lord with a rental of £30,000 a year. I know he is a sincere and honest man, but I know Burns says that — When self the ?wavering balance skates, It's rarely richt adjusted. (Cheers.) No man should sit as a judge in his own cause, and in America no man who is directlj interested by an Act of Legislature can consti tutionally vote upon it. I am afraid you wil] have to buy out the landlords before you gel done with them. The poor democracy, the toiling millions of Great Britain, will be mulcted in an enormous sura. {A voice — ' Not a penny,' and laughter.) I hope so — (cheers) — but remember everything is against you. Many members of Parliament are interested in land, and there is that tone in society which seems to say that property in land is different from property in everything else, because for hundreds of years the land has been held up by infamous laws to maintain 3 class of people who, if left to the free play competition of economic forces, would go down in the struggle for existence. (Cheers.) Well, what is the solution of the land question ? It is a very easy one. -Let it alone ; let the Irish Executive settle with the Irish landlords. (Loud cheers.) The democracy has never been any thing but generous in its acts, and it will be generous to the Irish landlords when upon their Executive is placed the responsibility of settling with them. If it decides to buy the land at alL (Laughter.) I am not in favor of the Executive of Ireland touching the land of Ireland, or of the Executive of Great Britain touching the land of Great Britain. Let me give a hint to the democracy. Tou are past the days of unearned increment, and upon the days of earned decre ment, and any man foolish enough to counsel the people of Great Britain to take over the land to-day in a falling market may have bis own in terest at heart, but be cannot have yours. (Cheers.) It is said that the people of Ireland will not do justice to the landlords. No, I hope not. (Laughter and cheers.) In my wildest and most vindictive moments I have never yet gone so far as to wish that the Irish landlords had justice. (Laughter.) No; let us remember that mercy should in that case season justice. But they will get generous treatment,, and the democracy of Great Britain can bo absolved from all trouble with the land of Ireland if they strengthen Mr. Gladstone's hands,' and tell him in unmistakable tones that there are a great many things the democracy of this country will do, and a great many things they will suffer; but as the lord helps them, they will never be found on the side of Irish landlords as against Irish tenants, or pay one penny toward buying their land. (Cheers.) There may be some exceedingly patriotic men here who have been saying in their hearts — ? We do not want to Americanise our institutions/ Why not ? The Americans have taken from you everything they could lay their hands upon. (Laughter.) They have taken your Constitution and bettered it ; they have taken your literature, your laws, they have taken your language, and if you would take from America everything that America has to give you, or everything which America ever will have to give you, there would remain a huge incalculable balance yet left in favor of the parent land. (Loud cheers.) Why should you not take things from your child if you know they are for good? But your own colony of Canada has practically the same Constitution as far as Home Rule 1b concerned. If there be any man who forgets that America is your own child, let him look to Canada — she is practically the same. Do you think that the English-speaking race throughout the world-, with the same language, the same 'traditions — because all Americans claim your traditions — with the same literature, with the same religion, do you think that it is in the power of man to prevent all English-speaking people ultimately having- the same political institutions ? (Cheers.) I will not venture to pay what the political institutions of the English race may be in the future. It may be that the Scotsman is right, and that democracy means that privilege shall die, and it may be that all English-speaking- people will range themselves together upon a platform which developes the extremest rights of man, and the political equality of the citizen. That is possible. It may be possible, on the other hand, you may say, that the majority of the Englishspeaking race will turn it* back upon the advanced political development, ana e*eJrin£ out some prince — I be lieve it will have to b& ?? Qerman prince, they are in the fashion — seeking -Jts- ??- Tnince, will go back and make him a perpetual Mag, and make his children kings hereafter, whether they be fools or idiots or not, and spend hundreds and thousands of their hard jvon earnings Krery year to support the entire brood in vulgar riot and ostentation ; and it may be that we will create another aristocracy, and that I shall so far forget myself and my lineage, as the direct descendant of weavers and shoemakers — glorious Radicals some of them have been, who have gone to jail just for attending such a meeting as was in terrupted in Ireland the other day — it may be that I will forget that and parade before yon as a baronet. (Laughter.) Then you will say. * We don't know how we will treat Mr. Carnegie coming to visit us; he is not a nobleman, and he has ceased to be a gentleman/ (Laughter.) But whatever be the system of political institutions adopted in the future — you may have it either way — one point I venture to stand by, and that is that the English-speaking race throughout the world is to have the same institutions. (Loud cheers.) If you can adopt some of the provisions of the American Constitution for this emergency, you will have hastened by so so much the day when your institutions shall be the same as the institutions of the Englishspeak ing race. How long will it take after that assi milation is perfected before we have a Federal Ceuncil that will for ever render it impossible that the blood of English-speaking man can be shed by English-speaking man? (Loud cheers.) Where lies your greatest hopes that your own race, the dominant power of the world, shall coalesce and form a union against which nothing on earth shall stand ? (Loud cheers.) In the assimilation of your institutions. There lies the point. And where is the hope of that great day which the poet sings of, When the drum shall beat no longer, when the battle-flags are furl'd, In the Parliament of man, the Federation of the world? (Cheers.) It lies in that great beneficent prin cipla of Home Rule — Home Rule for each of the divisions, with a central authority over all to keep them in order — (cheers) — and in that con gregation of English-speaking people, in that future Parliament — I know not how many divi sions, I know not what their size or number, I know not their positions — but I know the position of one power is fixed, immovable, perpetual, and secure — that of this glorious little island. There may be many children clustering- round her in that Parliament of man ; there can only ha one mother. (Loud cheers.) I say cursed be the arm and withered the tongue of any man, wher ever found, who would strive to keep apart, by word -Or by deed, those children from that mother. (Cheers.) I thank you for the kind manner in which you have received and listened to me, and I shall, before I sit down, just say that I consider myself remarkably fortunate in having for chair man the gentleman who so kindly introduced me. His masterly exposition of democracy is some thing which will not pass away with the hour. (Loud and continued cheering, amid which Sir. Carnegie resumed his seat, his address having lasted about an hour and a half.) The Chairman — The next part of the business is the questioning by the audience. Mr. Carnegie has given all the information to you that occurred to him at the time, but he is willing to give more upon being interrogated. Tno6e who have ques tions to ask will be kind enough to send them up here according to the directions which, I under stand, were given in the advertisement. (Cries of ' We are quite satisfied,' and calls of ' Glad stone ' and Macrae/) Mr. Casnegie said — I have been asked to make an explanation. A gentleman says tbat he re ceived the impression that I had stated that the American army consisted of seven millions of men. (Cries of 'No.') Allow me to say that every man within a certain age is liable to be called upon to maintain the law, and I had three partners shouldering muskets at the riot at Pittsburg- Parhaps a story will best illus trate this point. A gentleman dining with a party in London asked my wife what was the uniform of the regular soldier of the United States. She thought a while, and said — c Really I don't think I ever saw a regular soldier in the . United States/ (Laughter.) She was born and 1 reared in New York city. The army of the United States consists of 25,000 men. Not so many as under the management of your Conservative party are required to keep peace and order in poor ' little Ireland. (Loud cheers.) The Chairman — One gentleman (Mr. James Grandison, 394, Crown-street) has sent me up three questions. The first is — 'Do you think it consistent with true freedom that an American citizen should be debarred from purchasing a vessel built in this country to be used as a trader sailing under the American flag ; that the captain must be an American, and that the crew must be composed of two-thirds of American born or naturalised citizens ?' (Laughter.) Mr. Caenegie — My answer to that gentleman is that I feel exceedingly flattered by his ques tion. It implies that he will be exceedingly glad to have me appear before you some other evening to discuss an entirely different question. (Laughter.) I cannot take up the time of the audience brought together to hear me upon one subject by discussing a subject -which it would be a fraud for me to inflict upon them when they have paid for their seats. (Laughter and cheers). The Chateman — The second question is — ' Upon what ground of reasoning- can you support two Houses in your Legislature ?' (A Voice — ' He has done that/ and cheers.) Mr. Caenegie — Well, it seems so obvious to me that I do not know how to apply my reason to such a question. I have stated that the Ameri can Constitution was based upon the British Con stitution, whieh has two Houses. Let me now say that I do not believe that true freedom or constitutional government is best served by a power which is liable to be swayed to and fro every moment by the first gust of popular opinion. (Cheers.) The first voice of an excited people may not be right, but the second voice, I believe, is indeed the highest voice, and in the American Constitution it takes two years to change the Senate. For any great constitutional reform it is better to wait two years. I think you -would all compromise to-morrow if you could get your re-' forms in two ^years- (Laughter.) One-third of the Senate going but every trwo years keeps it in touch with the constituency, 'bo that -we have no troublj^ in getting whatever people want. Another great 'office, of the Senate is this — we could not trust all power to the Executive. We need .'a T second Chamber to confer -with it, to discuss treaties, to engage in alliances, and the Senate is a most useful body for this purpose. One point mere.. ^War^'can only be de clared by the Republic in several stages. First, arbitration must be offered to an opponent. The political platforms of both parties for as long as I can remember have had planks requiring all international difficulties first to be submitted to arbitration. If our opponent declines, the House of Representatives in solemn session must discuss with open doors all the reasons, and every repre sentative can give his reasons before he votes for that terrible result — the dravring of the sword. But that is not enough. Then it goes to the Senate, and it must approve. Even that is not enough. The President and Cabinet must ap prove, so that before the Republic can draw the swor& you have arbitration offered, you have the action of the Houseof Representatives, the action of the Senate, and the action of the Executive. I leave the democracy to ponder how many wars you would escape— how many times you would blunder as you did in Egypt i£ the question was to be settled by the vote of both your Houses of Parliament after full discussion. (Cheers.) The Chatsman- was about to read another ques tion, when he was interrupted by cries of ' Name, name/ Continuing, he said — It is only by the permission of the meeting that those questions can be put. Do you want more ques tions? (Cries of * No/) That settles it. (Loud cheers.) I have now to call upon the Rev. David Macrae. ^Cheers.) The Rev. David Maceae, who was most cor dially received, said — There are a great number of Home Rulers not referred to to-night who are waiting for Home Rule, and it is not the time for a speech in case there may be war. (Laughter and cheers.) But I am sure none of us would like to leave this hall without returning our warmest thanks to Mr. Carnegie for his singu larly able lecture to-night. (Cheers.) It is an educative lecture. We want this thing well thrashed out, and I believe had the question been discussed more carefully and fully before it was brought into Parliament we would have seen less discussion than we have had. (Cheers.) Mean time, during- the last two years, there has been a marvellous education of the public mind, and the lecture to-night will materially help our views on this great and important question. (Cheers.) We need Hom.9 Rule, Sir, we need it for Ireland and we want it for Scotland. (Prolonged cheers.) The tide is 6teadily rising for Home Rule and the vast reforms which Home Rule involve, includ ing, I hope, a very considerable reform of the House of Lords. (Hear, hear.) I sometimes think reform is foreshadowed in one of the para bles of Scripture, where it is said that if a tres does not produce any fruit, then 'Cut it down, why cumbereth it the ground ?' (Laughter.) I dare say if we had the House of Lords elected as the American Senate is we should have our main difficulty removed. I wish you to thank Mr. Carnegie for his lecture, and to express the great pleasure we have had in seeing him to-night. We honor him as a man who has been the architect of his own fortune, and is not ashamed of his origin, which is the origin generally of the noblest and best of our people. (Cheers.) We honor 'him as a man who has been faithful and conscientious in his opinions, and who has the courage of his opinions, and is not ashamed to express them wherever he goes. He might put some of his opinions in his pocket if he wanted a title, but he is a more honored man than a titled head would be — A prince can inak a bolted knight, A marquis, duke, and a' that ; But a.11 honest man's aboon his might, Guid faith, he mauaia fa' that! (Cheers). He is a true Scotsman, and we rejoice to see that all his experience in America has not taken away his love for the oid country and the glorious old nationality of which we boast. We honor him also as the author of a book, Triumphant Democracy. (Loud cheers.) That book is still incomplete, and we hope that the day may still come when another volume will be called for entitled ' Democracy Triumphant in Great Britain and Ireland/ (Loud cheers.) And_ now, I am sure, before returning him our thanks you will join with me in hoping that the great nation he represents as well as our own — that that great American nation mny with the British nation unite more and more in striving- to solve the great problems of religious and civil liberty, and join mare earnestly together than in the past in hastening that day When man to man, the warld o'er, Shall brithers be for a' that— the day when there shall be ' peace on earth and goodwill amongst men/ (Loud cheers.) Mr. Caenegie in reply said — I thank you ex ceedingly for the vote you have just passed. This is my first appearance before my fellow countrymen in Glasgow, but I hope it will not be the last. (Cheers.) I have a pleasant duty to perform, and I believe this brings the proceedings to a close. I wish you all to vote for a proposition I am about to make, and that is that we accord to Mr. Wallace a hearty and enthusiastic vote of thanks for the able and instructive manner in which he has presided over as. (Cheers.) The Chaieiiait said — I have to thank you for the compliment you have paid me, and to say I am more than repaid by the honor and pleasure of having been present to-night. I may say that as one of the unfortunate 168 barristers who have done so much mischief in the 7Iou.se of Commons — (laughter) — I hope that, as doubtless Mr. Car negie m the sincerity of his heart moved this vote of thanks, he will think that by my useful ness here I have in some degree atoned for my uselessness there. (Laughter and cheers.) As the meeting dispersed Mr. Robert K. Hab bick called for ' Three cheers for Mrs. Carnegie,' which were heartily given. 