A BUDGET OP PARADOXES. There exists, floating about the world in a verbal form, end occasionally even ap pearing in print, a certain class of proposi tions or queries, of which the object is to puzzle the wits of the unwary listener, or to beguile him into giving an absurd reply. Many of these ate very old, and some are excellent. InetanceB will readily occur. Who. fnr nxamnle. has not at some nerio( of his existence been asked the following question t — ' If a goose weighs 10 pounds and half itB own weight, what is the weight of the goose ?' And who has not been tempted to reply instantly, 15 pounds P The correct answer being, of course, 20 pounds. Indeed it is astonishing what a Tery simple query will sometimes catch a wise man napping. Even the following have been known to succeed :— ' How many days would it take to cut ap a piece of doth 60 yards long, one yard being cnt off every day ?' Or again : ' A snail climbing up a post 20/eet high, ascends fire feet every day, and slips down four feet every night. 9ow long will the snail take to reach the top of the post ?' Or again : ' A wise man having a window one yard high, and one yard wide, and requiring more light, enlarged his window to twice its former size ; yet the window was still only one yard high and one yard wide. How was this done ?' This is a catch-question in geometry, &b; the preceding were catch-questions in arith metic — the window being diamond-shaped at first, and afterwaads made square. As to the two former, perhaps it is scarcely necessary seriously to point out, that the' answer to the first, is not 60 days, but 49 ; and to the second, .not 20 days, but 16 — since the snail who gains one foot each day for 16 days, climbs on the 16th day to tbe top of the pole, and there remains. Such examples are plentiful, and occasionally both curious and amusing. But the parpose of the following paper is to illustrate a claBS of problems of rather a different Mnd. There are certain problems which are in no way catch- questions (any 'problem involving a mere verbal quibble is of course out of court by its own innate vileness), and which though at first sight extremely simple, often require considerable ingenuity to arrive at a correct result. Take for example the following : — ' A man* ~walks round a pole, on the top of which is a monkey. As the man moves, the monkey turns round on the top of the pole so as still to keep face to face with tbe man. Query — When the man has gone ? . 3 ^1 ? _-l- 1 ? l._ __1 ? 1. rounu me poie, nas ne, or nas ne not, gone round the monkey ?' The answer that will occur at first eight to most ' persons is' that the man has not gone round the monkey, since he has never been behind it. The correct answer, how ever, ae decided by Knowledge, in the pages ?f which thie momentous question has been argued, is that the man has gone round the monkey in going round the pole. The following paradox has given rise to much discussion : — ' How can a ship sail faster than the wind ?' Every yachtsman knows that a ship can sail faster than the wind ; that is to say, if the wind is blowing 10 knots an hour, a ship may be making 12 or 15 knots an hour. Now, it is obvious that if the ship is sailing straight before the wind it cannot at tbe utmost travel faster than the wind itself ie blowing — as a matter of fact, it will travel much more slowly. If, on the other hand, the ship is sailing at an angle with the wind, it seems at first sight tbat the wind must act with, leas effect than before, and the ship in consequence will flail more ?lowly etitl. But as a matter of fact the ship not only eails more quickly than before, but more quickly than the wind itself is blowing. This is a paradox which few, even of those who are well acquainted by experience with the fact, have found them selves able to explain. ^ Let us consider the difficulty in the light of the following experiment. Place a ball at one side of a billiard table, and with the long cue held lengthwise, from end to end of the table, push the ball acrosB the cloth. The cue here represents the wind, and the ball the ship sailing directly before it, only, as there is here no waste of energy, which in the case of the wind and ship is very great, the ball of course, travels at the same rate as the cue — evidently it cannot possibly travel faster. Now, suppose a groove to be cut diagonally across the table, from one corner pocket to the other, in which the ball may roll. If the ball be now pieced at one end of the groove, and the cue held horizontally and moved forward as before, the ball will travel along the groove (and along the cue) in the same time as the cue takes to move across the table. This is the case of the ehip sailing at an angle with the direction of the wind. The groove iB considerably longer than the width of the table, more than double as long, in fact. The ball therefore travels much faster than the cue which impels it, since it covers more than d-uble the distance in the same time. It is in precisely the same manner that a tacking ship ia enabled to sail faster than the wind. The foregoing mysteries of motion bring to mind the famos paradox of Zeno, by which he sought to prove that all motion is impossible. 'A body,' thus argued the ingenious philosopher, ' must move either in the place where it is, or in the place where it is not. Now a body in the place where it is, ie stationary, and cannot be in motion ; nor, obviously, can it be in motion in the place where it is not. Therefore, it cannot move at all:' It was of this para dox that it was said, ' aolvitur ambulando' — ' It is solved by walking.' A more prac tical solution could hardly be required. Another paradox familiar to the Greeks, that of Achilles and the tortoise, is well known. Achilles (the swift- footed) allows the tortoise 100 yard start, and runs 10 yards while the tortoise runs one. Now, when Achilles has run 100 yards the tor toise has run 10 yards, and ie therefore still that distance ahead. When Achilles has tun these 10 yards, the tortoise has run one yard. When Achilles hae run the one yard the tortoise has run one-tenth of a yard. And when Achilles has run the one-tenth of a yard the tortoise haB run onehun dredth. It is only necessary to continue the same process of reasoning to prove that Achilles can never overtake the tor toise. A much better paradox, though some what of the same kind, runs as follows — ' A man who owes a shilling proceeds to pay it at the rate of sixpence the fir-t day, three pence the next day, three halfpence the next, three farthings the next, and so on —paying each day half the amount he paid the day before. Supposing him to be fur nished with counters of email value, eo as to be able readily to pay fractions of a penny, how long would it take to pay the shilling?' The answer is, that he would never pay it. It is true that he will pay elevenpence-farthing in four day. But the remaining three farthings be can never pay. Tnie paradox varies from the preceding in one important particular, and deserves to be called a better paradox for this reason, that we know that Achilles, in spite of ali reason, will certainly overtake the tortoise. But it is mathematically demonstrable that the debtor, under such circumstances, can never pay his shilling, even though he should be endued, like Tithonus, with tbe gift of immortality. Many are the results of mathematics which wear at first sight an air of paradox. What, to take a simple example, could seem at first sight more truly paradoxical than the notion of two lines which continually approaoh each other, and yet, however far produced, will never meet ? Yet the con struction Dy wmen eucn liuua uiuy uo uwnu is of the simplest kind. For, let any straight line be set down and, from any point taken below it, let straight lines be drawn through the first line, so that the portions which project above it are all of equal length. If then the tops of these lines be joined by a running curve, this curve will evidently have the property of continually approaching the straight line, and yet, however far produced on the same principle, can never meet it. Mathematice, however, are not quite to the purpose of the present paper. But the following very pretty problem may be sub mitted to tbe ingenuity of those who like to try it — ' It ie required to demonstrate (geometrically) that a larger crop of corn can be grown on an acre of level ground than on an acre of slanting ground. The stalks of corn are supposed to grow per pendicularly in both cases, and all other particulars, euch as fertility of soil and the like, to be the same.' 'Philosophers have not yet been able to de cide what would be the fate of the donkey placed midway between two hayricks, As there is clearly no reason why he should choose one rick rather than another, it ie to be presumed that, logically, he would starve to death between them. Whether thi6 would be found to be the case in practice may perhaps be donbted, at any rate until theory has been verified by experiment. The corpse of the starved animal would certainly be ' confirmation strong.' Want ing the testimony of such experiment, let us pass on to consider another case of self destruction — the case of the well-known English proverb, ' There is an exception to every rule.' For if there ie an exception to every rule, there is an exception to this proverb. Therefore, there is a rule without an exception. * That is, tbe proverb contra dicts itself. ' If Dick'e father is Tom's sop,, what re lation is Dick to Tom ?' This familiar query is top obvious of solution to deserve more thnu passing mention. The fallow iiig, however, of the same class, will be f uod very much more fatal. A man et. luHng- before a portrait says of it. — ' Sisters and brothers bare I none— Tec that man's father is my father's son.' What relation is the speaker to the per son depicted in the portrait ? It is quite remarkable how often the answer is given that the portrait represents the speaker himself. As a matter of fact, it represents the speaker's eon. There is a spot on the earth's surface from which if any number of men set out to walk io different directions, all woulJ be walking towards the same point of the coinpaBS. What is that spot?*' it will perhaps not need any . very prolonged reflection to discover that 'the spot in ques tion is the North Pole. It will, in feet, be evident, tbat a man standing at the Pole, in whatever direction he sets ont, must, as long as he proceeds in a straight line, walk due south. rue following is a realty excellent paradox. ' A train starts daily from San Francisco to New York, and oee daily from New York to San Francisco, the journey lasting seven days. How many trains will a traveller meet in journeying from San Francisco to New York ?' It appears obvious at the first glance that the traveller must meet seven trains — and this is the answer which will be given by nine out of 10, to whom the question iB new. The fact is overlooked that every day during the journey a fresh train is starting from the other end, while there are seven on the way to begin with. The traveller will therefore meet not seven but 14. The following proposition is both curious in itself, and admits of some interesting variations in the application of the principle on which it- depends. ' If there are more people iu the world than any one person has hairs upon his bead then there must exist at least two persons who possess identically tbe same number of hairs.' If the reader fails to perceive at once the necessity of this conclusion, let him first con sider, as a simpler case, instead of the hairs on a man's head, the number of teeth in his jaw. Let him suppose 34 personB to be assembled in one room ; then the full number of teeth in a man's jaw being 32, it is easily seen that — even supposing one member of the party so unfortunate as to have no teeth at all — there must be at least two persons present possessed of identically the same number of teeth. The application of this example to the proposition in question is evident. It is, in fact, only a matter of larger numbers. Now, to apply this principle to other cases. It haB been asserted, for example, that in a field of grass there cannot be found two blades iu all respects identical. It will be seen, however, that if the blades of grass are more numerous than the differences be tween them perceptible to the eye, then there must be at least two blades exactly alike, or at least not to de distinguished from each other by inspection. This example will serve to introduce another and more interesting application. For we may apply the same reasoning, not only to blades of grass in a field, but to the faces of human beinps in the world. If the nnmber of perceptible differences between two faces be not greater than the total number of the human race, then, by parity of reasoning, there must exist at least two persons who are to nil appearance exactly alike. Now, when it is considered that the haman countenance does not vary except nitbin comparatively narrow limits — no man, for example, having his nose in the centre of his forehead, or his eyes placed below his chin — when we consider the effects of this limitation, if will be seen that the number of these perceptible differences isprobablyimmeneely less than the estimated number of individuals existing on the globe —some 1,600,000,000. We are thus brought to the curious con clusion that there not only may be, bat must be, pairs of individuals living, who are to all intents and purposes exactly alike. This result, it need scarcely be observed, is borne out by the remarkable number of caBes of mistaken identity to be found in the records of the law courts. But this is not all. We may, if we choose, push the same reasoning a step further, and consider not merely all persona living at one time, but all who have existed on the earth since the first appearance of mankind. We shall then be forced, with a vast increase of certainty, to this conclusion — that among those untold millions there must have been, not one or two, but a very considerable number of individuals, whoBe counterparts h&veexisted; with euch exactness of resemblance, that could the members of such pairs of duplicates have been brought together, each would have started back in horror and amazement, as if, like the hero of Pope's weird story, he had encountered his own ghost. — N.Y. Home Journal. 