THIE WILD WEST. WIND. ( ,::aDALrrxows.): I.' the gale that i?ith scanty warnie?gburst ;upon us early in the week was quite in keep ingwith 'the' character of the month. October has earned itself an ill repute for rough weather. The historical great storm -the gale that overthrew the first Eddystone lighthouse,- destroyed a million pounds' worth of property in London alone, and sank six British warships at their moorings-was late` on in November. .But ,it was, in: October, four years later, that Sir Cloudesley Shovel's squadron'was lost among the rocks of Soilly. The fatal gale that drove the Rtoyal Charter ashore on the coast of Anglesea was in October,. while the tem. pestuous weather of this week is almost exactly `on the! anniversary" of. .the great storms of 1877 and 1881. The landscape will wear quite .i"'differeht look when these stormy days are past. Already the trees are stripped of half their foliage. In the air 'there is a veryrainiof'fallang leaves. The woodland paths are strewn with the tattered draperies of-ash and "elm, -of beech and sycamore. Everygust that tosses the white poplar scatters' now flales' of silver on the grass, while fiery leaves of creeper are whirled like flames across the murky sky. -In the open spaces of the wood, -thse leaves dead Are driven, like ghosts from an enchanterflceng. Overhead rattle- thee' dismantled boiighsj The 'great trees ?bend to the fury of the storm. How the haughty forest brothers : ?. "lndandtremblel--hwthey faill. " lAw the cling on one aother's " e e - Arms!--each "co shes each an? sthers,'. "-Til, tangled strangled. dowean comeall;l: SAn d the ildhin?itds thregh u the ruin ,t':. Are howling, hissing, and ballooing. With redoiibled'fuiry. the tide comes roaring up the beach. Over outlying roks thunmider the great surges," rnd-when a fiercer wave leaps high over the dark reef - \--the wild Winds lift itfin their grasp, And hold it up, and shaheit like a fleece. - The dark line of seaweed that, like the figure of some mighty serpent,' follows the windings of the shore, grows with each flow ing tide. For :... ?:., :-"_ '-o, S h?en descends on the'Atlantle :: ' " - The gintic 'L.:- oedward in his wrat he seanrges ,.. The toiling surges S Ladenwith seaeseed from therocks. And floating slowly in among the drifting sea wrack, or hurled up high and dry upon the ahisngle, 'broken spars, all scarred and splintered with battering on the rocks, tellall too plainly \- of wrecks upon the maine. Of ships disemascted, that were hai!ed, And sent no answer back again. Too often, alas! the ebbing tide leaves yet sadder jetsam on the shore-white, still figures, lying: face down .uponathe yellow. sand; to be lifted reverently,; perhaps, but yet by strange:hands,: and committed- with brief rites to the corner of the'ancient grave. yard rourid.' the little grey church on the windy hill," where the lo'w,-green;, neimeles ridges are the solo memorials of lostmairin ners. 'On these wild nights, 'when we lie awake ahd listen to the storm; when it howls about the gables and shakes the windows in Stheirfraine'; ;?'when, above the .rus of the rain, we eear Ever wilder,'fieerc, aer, . : g ' rder, Like thetrempetsof Iskander, r..: ,::, All . sth cnois chimneys blow;, ,;, lot'.'us :bestow more than a, mere passing thought of pity -on the. thousandse of poor souls who "'toil for us, bleed for us,' hunger and sorrow and sin for us," afloat upon' the wild North Sea." On thesenights, itmay be, emany a brave ship is' driving throigh' the black simpenetrable' darkness; ' dismantled, dismasted, helpless, honeless, drifting to her doom: ':These are:nighis when it is well to think of the. gallant lifebtat crews that face unfiinchinglythe angry waves. 