SUPERNATURALIA; OK Ghostly Apparitions. Tho appearance only to parsons who ara peculiarly fitted for gboit-eceing is ono of tho pccularitiea of nil ghoEt legends. It ia not everyone that can see tho inhabitants of tuo invisible world, but theso whose oyes ere opened, or for tbo:t whom the ghost haa a reeling that mukca a hand o! sympathy, or tbojo who by eomn prcaiioritjr of birth are bettor qualiGca thf.n o:hera for EUch raystio Eight. For inatar:co. n r.hil,? hnm r-n ^,in inn in Scotland is btlievcd to have this power flbovo ail others. _ Tho 'White Luly ' nppeara on such occa Biona in Bueh manner na he chooses, but ia also capable of being 'summoned by any of her fnmily according to a prescribed ionula and by tho performance of certain rites. The- White Lidy ol Aveucl ' is or.Ty tho app.ioation to a particular ramily ol a belief common in Scotland where tho apparition known in Ireland ns tho bannbTd ia known by thcpamo name, bnt qqitp-wsften the 'whits It yn- In fact' mGEt o( ti0 8reat familiea in the Highlands wero ispposcd to have a do meatio spirit wbc 'oak an interest in their prosperity, ami asnaily intimated an ap proaching dieo-ter by wnilinga ana uneartly Bounda of grief. But there waa a difleroncu in the apparition varying with the character which each ia supposed to havo held while ppon the earth in mortal flcsb, but in cetera! li appeared na an old woman in a mantle with streaming hair. A superstition of the same kind ia so gene rally received in tho Green Isle that the banBhee is counted in popular belief to be a peculiarly Irish credulity. In Ireland tbero havo beon various ex planntions of tho word 'banshee, moat ol them explaining it aa tho 'head of tha fairies,' or ' white fairy ;' but Dr. O'Brien in ma Irish dictionary writes, ?' beauBighe plural mau Bighe,' the fairies, or women fairie3 credulously BUppoEed by tho common peoplo to be bo affected to certain families tba: they aro heard to sing mournful lamentations aronnd hoasea at night whenever any mem ber of the family labors under a B'ckneas whhh ia to end in death. Some of the caEea in which the bnnshet haa appeared nro told with an abnndance ol detail and confirmed by so many witnesses that, although unwi'iing to believe the tale. it bcoome3 a difficult ono to answer or explain awnv. Tho bsrmhea of tho Banworth family ai related to havo appeared on tho occasion ol tho death of Eav. Charlea Bunworth, rectoi of Bnttovant, in the county Cork, about the middle ol the las^century ia euch a case. Its first appearance waa to ono of tho servant: named Kavanagh, who came to tho house apparently in grest crief and wringing his hands. ' What is it yon mean, K&vanagh; J' in quired Miss Bunworth. ' Is it mean 2' said Kivanagh ; ' tho ban sheo haa come from him, SIi£s, and 'tis noj I alone who have heard her.' ' Tis an idlo cuperstition,' Baid JI133 Bunworth. ' JIayba bo,' replied Kavanagh ' bat aa I oame through tho glen ol Ballybeg Bho waa along with rne, keening and screeching and olapuing her bands by my side every step ol tha way, with her long white hair falling upon her shoulders, and I could hear hsr re peating tho mnster'B name every now and tben, a3 plain as I ever heard it. When I oamo to the old abbey aha parted from ma ibere, and turned into the pigeon field next Ine burying Kround, and folding her cloak aDout her, down Eho sat under tho treo that was struck by lightning and began to cry bo bitterly that it went through one's heart to near it.' Miss Bunworth told Kavaoogh that her (atbor was Bleeping quietly, and thnt they thought he vrns doing well, but warned him not to tell the etory to anyone. Mr. Bunworth, howavtr, did not progress toward recovery, but declined gradually, though nothing more happened until tho uight of hiB death. Then there waa a sudden sound outside tho window near tho bed. A rose treo waa forced aaida with Bomo noise, snd a low moaning waa heard, accompanied by dapping ol hands, as if of a fomnlo in deen afliiotion. It Eoemed aa if the Bound pro ceeded from a person holding her mouth closa «o tho window. The lady who sat by tho bedside wont into an adjoining room and asked the gentlemen tbero if thoy had heard tha banshee. None ol them believed in her ladyship, and thoy at once instituted a thorough investigation. They walked all around tho house, examining every spot of ground, but there waa not a sign, not even a footstep upon the freeh earth of tho garden. Upon their return they were astonished to hear that tho manifestations had been re peated, and that they had been mora marked, and. the dapping of hands louder than be fore. During the night the eick man grow rapidly worso and expired with tho first glimpaa of morning. Tho legend ol 'Tho McCarthy,' ia tho most peculiar among all tho banshees. The yonng man died nnd was laid oat for eavernl honra when ha camo back to life and insisted that he had been beforo the judgment Beat, but had been permitted to come back with the* understanding that thrco yeara mora of lifo wero granted him in whioh he might become a batter man. Ho had been very wild and diBsipated, but reformed at ono and lived as a rasa naturally would who knew that the day of hia death was firod. Aa tho time drew near McCarthy's mother sent for her Bister to bo with them ai tha eventful time. On tha way tho hanadeo appeared, giving a succession ot screams and making u loud clapping ol tho hands. Then they saw tho figure of a tall thin woman, with uncovered bead, and hair that floated around her ehonldora, attired in something whioh might be a loose wbita cloak or a Bheet. She stood in tho way as if to atop them, and motioned to go another way, which they finally went. When thoy got there they found that McCarthy had been slightly wounded by a pistol shot, a wound that waa thought of no importance, but from whioh ho diod the very day that tho three yeara was op. The origin of nil these appearances and many like them is eaay to trace. They go back, not to olassio, but to tbo n]t] Norss dpya when Woden, wnom wo call Oden, was given a placo among tho goda, and Frigga waa mado hia contort. Odin became the earliest form of tha hunter, who, with his myatio attendants with horn and hounds, waa reported to purauo tho phase all over northern Europe. His consort in liko manner becams tho whito lady who became transformed, into a hundred different legends in whioh tho motherly, protecting influence of tho divine Fringa is not entirely lost. There are a number of white ladies con nootcd with various noble familiea in Oar many, but probably the ono that is moat re markable and eeema to bo tho most substan tiated is oonnectcd with tho royal bouse of Germany, and is known aa tho ' Whito lady of the Hobenzollerns.' Tho lady in question is said by all to ;ba ono ol tha ancestresses of the family, but whioh ono is not agreed. Thors is an abundanco ol ovidence as to her repeated appearances, nnd no merely ghost story is so well authenticated. Sao is recorded to have mado hor first ap pearance in 1598, just befora ths death of the oleotor, John Gearge. Twenty years later sho prognosticated tho death ol John Sigis mund. In 1S29 aha again appeared, and for tho first time Bpoke, uttering these words : ' Veni, judica vivos ot mortuos.' A p.iper of that early day recorda tho appearance with thia ?tntomtmt : ' It ia also undeniable that in oar times, only a faw years ago, in a certain princely Loueo allied tp that ol Bradenbarg, a young prioCT met with a fatal accident, and that a low dav* btfo.ro Ms death the whito lady wig i«flj.' in ln.',3 tbs white luy was mel in th» gallery of Berlin, bfforc ihd death of Anna ?°P,\duchca3 or Brunswick, and apnin in JW, when eho foretold the death of Lousi. Hennctte, wife of tha elector, Frederick William. Tha Bnbecqucnt appearance, generally be lieved in by tho Germans who believe in ghosts nt nil, was to Frederick I. of Pzaesia, tho eon ol the elector. He waa laying on hi» bed io a weak, cxhausicj condition, with a valet asleep on a rnattre:9 near by. Suddenly hp heard the hangings divide and Baw a tall white lady with outstretched anna and flow ing hair, inclining her head toward tho bed, and turning from right to left as thoDEb ehe Bought Bomething under the hangings At last she discovered tho king, and her steady oyea looked at him long in silence. William raised himselfand made a movement ; her eyes followed him ; she was unmoved. At that moment tho clock on a pier table near tho bed rnng the hour nnd etopped. Tha lady disappeared. At the same moment a violent noiEe waa beard in tbo room adjoining, where were, nnd rrow are, placed on sideboards, tha plates and dishes used in tho fetes of tho Prussian king. They all fell with a crash to the floor. The valet awoke ; the ismE cried in accents of terror : ' There, there 1 Sho went on* there 1' And with bewildered look, bis hand extended, he pointed to the door ol the private room. ' Who ?' asked thevalet, hall asleep. ' Tho white lady, I tell yoa t Go and see which way Bhe went.' The valet searched all over tho palace, aud found no spectre. ' I saw the white lady,' said tho king, aa though speaking to himEell, and covered hia faco with the bed coverings, Next day ha ordered hia coffin and mace the Qacenlhii wife, to lie in it, in order to see if the aiza was ricbt. It was hia last nnfc nf nrnpttv tnr Up. died that night. Forty yeara after, his son, Frederick tha Great, died at San3 Sonci, and he, too, saw the white lady. Tha circumstances again were remarkable. A picture ot the whita lady had been painted (it ia eaid by his own hand), which 13 Btill in existance, and showa the superstition which waa evidently in hia mind. Whether he expected to eea her or not, Bhe came. One evening jnst nt nightlall Frederiak was nlone in the library Etanding belore a ZBQsio stand which he nsed when playing tha note. The door opened and tho whito lady traversal tho room without looking at him. For a moment he did not know what to do. Then he followed her ; ha opened thei'oor and followed her from room to room without reaching her and finally etopped at tha vesti bule. Tha apparition seemed to run over ths^ band in the circular court, seemed to hesitate a moment then vaguely beckoned mm to come, and disappeared. Ue aied a few dnya afterward. The White Lady of Ilohenzollern is slso said ta havo appeared in 131U btfore the death oi Frederick Willhm III ; in 1SW, previous to tha death of Frederick William IV., and in the, pre ?ent year previous to the death ol the Ute em peror. The conclusion of tho matter ia that tho super stition, bora far back in the days ol paganism, has pi-raea!ed Europe and Btill h.is some power, but us remarked au Irish storj-tdler : ?? I don't hpar tbat tbs bausbcos go on soinuch now as they did formerly.' Sacb. beliefs must fade out befora the march of inttlligeuco and knowledge, and jet they are bo full of a pecnliir interest that many ml! regret tlidr loss tvea in Ibo day when no ona will creditor accept them upon any authority wbit erer. There aid many worse things than singla LlessL'dutss, and the condition of tba o!d maid ii no less hotiorablu to her ibau ia that of matri mony to her nedded sisler. 2'lm old maid mar. Ubuu will, and she g. cerally docs, boar a nobla part in tho good work of m»king tUo world a butter and happier place. There are probibly fe-.v who do 1101 carry with, them through life, tha tender memory 0' sotne uld maid whoao lovo and goodness chesred and blessed their early years. How often 19 sho a ministering angel whose life is sn=ut in acts of uuselusb Uevoti-m to those' arouud her? We cannot Bpare tuo old maid. She had an important rulo to play in the human cotnsdv, and the thing for her to dais to study it and play it well. Xho woman who worries be cause she sees old maidenhood before her is with out good sense. Let her ba suro tbat there are thousands of wives who only wish that they had led single lives, and then Bhe may find it easier to learn of tbo apostlo ia whatsoever state ibo u therewith to be content. 