HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. \--0- On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship " Mary Compton," of Bristol, England, was stuggi ing with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blewfuriously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light of lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. Thislighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of this position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and wentto ieces. ourme inclu CUapapin, were Sue un recmng o1e--sbse found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm tossed spirit ? " You are beyond human aid." These words were s aid by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No; for he might be -wrong -and in any case he had no business to put out the light. The woman had been ill for some time. In June, ISS9, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitatEd, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled "and," she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleen. "'.coala scarcely crawl about the house," she says, " I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dis pensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave" it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair.' "Italked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid.' " My heart sank within me, for I have five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh tillI was thin as a ghost ! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it till Monday morning. " At this time I remembeted that Mrs Wilson, with whom I formely worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr I Jesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and t a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and ydegrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the timeI had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symp toms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now ;April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. " I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs Ann Mills, 40 Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsis, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs Wilson. [Advt.] 