THE STORY-TELLER. CAPTAIN ANTONIO O AMPO BELLO. {Weekly Budget.) " Stand off you blackguards !" shouted ¡ my friend and corurado, Lieutenant Jack j Beauchamp, as he and I, one lovely spring I afternoon in 1859, turning th» corner of a j street in a low quarter of Valetta, close to ! the harbour,caine across a knot of rascally, j drunken Levantine sailors surrounding a j well-dressed gentleman, who was escorting j an oxtremely pretty young lady. ' The cowards, though they may not have understood the language of Jack's adjuration, at least had a shrewd guess as to its import. As the mandate w%s ac companied by a threatening démonstration in the shape of an uplifted cane, the fellows abruptly sluuk slunk off, and took refuge in a low wino shop. While my companion aud I accompanied the lady and gentleman to the foot of the adjacent Strada Boole, the latter, who, though ho appeared to be an Italiau by nationality, spoke English with hardly a trace of a foreigu accent, exprossed his satisfaction that we had saved bim from further annoyance. He introduced us to bis fair companion, stating that she was the daughter of Sir Percival Andrews, a retired officer of the Boyal Navy, who was then on a visit to his sou, who hold a commission ia a brigade of artillery, at the time lying in Malta. The pair, it vas explained, had been seeing Sir Perci- val off in a small sailing vessel that was bound for Gozo, and that, while trying ta reach the Strada Beale, they had missed their way. At parting the gentleman gave ns his card, on which was inscribed "Sift. Oapitano Antouis Campobello." "Ab," be remarked, on ascertaining that our regimaul was the gallaut Curu brain Fusiliers, "I well remember your corps in the Crimea. £ served in that campaign with the Sardinian army, under General La Marmora." We were charmed to meac and old comrade in arms, though belonging to a different nationality of the allied army. Therefore, on bidding adieu to the Signor and Miss Andrews, we gave the gentle- man a cordial invitation to dine with un at our moss within Florian Barracks. According to appointment. Captain Campobello tn-ued np. He was intro- duced to all the fellows of nure, and almost immediately became a favourite. Besides beiiig charmed with his society, we were interested bayond measure to ¿nd that he was mixed up with the great revolutionary movement then in progress in Italy, and was a member of thc famous Camorra secret society. Also, he stated, he had lately escaped from one of those) lively institution?, a Neapolitan dungeon, whether he had baen cou signed by orde*--of that most estimable monarch, Franrô II, otherwise the notorious King Bomba. In the sunny native laud of our uew acquaintance, "sublime event« were rushing to their birth." S »tie years be- fore, the historical letters of Mr. Gladstone to Lord Aberdeen had fired to a white heat the indignation of the civilised world concerning the barbarous treatment of tho patriots immured within the prisons of Naples. Therefore, with the fact of such enormities fresh in their minds, all lovers of freedom in the universe now watched with sympathy and interest the agitation which, at the time of my story, was con- vulsing the whole of that down-troddeu country, but which was soon to have the consummation of the establishment of a free and happy Italia TJnita. After a word of compliment to his sentiment of patriot- ism from Beauchamp, Captain Campobello proudly remarked : " I imagine a love of freedom is inborn in our family. Although I was brought in Naples, I am a Corsican by parentage. My mother was connected with the Paoli family. Captain Campobello was soon practi- cally aa honorary member of our mess As a matter of course, he was invited to all our modest merry-makings, in the snaps of picnics, balls dinners, etc. We became acquainted with Sir Percival Andrews, who was a jovial and gentle old tar. It turned out that his cousin was a Devonshire squire-the neighbour of Sir \- Harry Beauchamp, Jack's father. Sir Percival's pretty "daughter, Mary, was a typical English girl, being unaffected, .gracious, and extremely lady-like in manner. Ia a while it became apparent to ali observers that Captain Campobello was smitten with the young lady. Mary, ho Tr- ever, gave him no encouragement; in fact, without the semblance of a display of anything approaching to repugnance, sha seemed as anxious as possible to avoid the Ooraican's company. When the bluff Sir Percival got wind of Oampobello's infatuation, he took a course et action that was sharp and decided in its character. He possessed to the full the old fashioned British dis* like to and suspicion of foreigners, and took p^^J^m^ W ? gt% informing Captain Antonio that hu intended Iiis daughter Miry should marry sn English gentleman, Had uaue other, it' ha could help it. After hearing I Iiis paternal expression of opiuiou, C unpo bello bowed, but looked dreadfully hurt. Subsequently it WAS noticeable that he kept aloof from our junketings, and though Ivo «tili occasionally came ab mt our mess, was careful to absent himself on a " ladies' night." Probably the scorn- ed lover did not care agaiu to meet Miss Andrews. But auothor quickly beeline ouamourad j of the lnudsorae Mary, and that WAS ray I friend, Jack Bsauchamp. Jack belonged to one of the oldest county families in England, and was heir to a baronetcy sud an estate with a rent roll of soveu thon Haud a year. This time there was no bother or hitch. Miss Andrews blushing- ly coafes«ed to papa that it had been a case of love at first sight with her. Mary was a s une what ingenuous and uucou ven- al maiden ; she hadn't moved much iu society, and presumably was innocent of the art of dissimulation. To her pareut. and indeed to lier lover, she did not hesi- tate to avow that she had been literally "gone " ou her dashing Jack Beauchamp from the moment that she had heard hun threaten the inebriated rowdies near Valetta harbour. Well, Jack was, of courso, referred to papa, and the pleased and happy Sir Percival gave his consent subject to the view taken by Sir Harry Beauchamp. Wheu applied to on the interesting subject. Sir Harry rop'ied by the next mail, signifying his delighted approval. Therefore, almost directly, afterwards, before Sir Percival aud his daughter sailed lu a P. and O. steamer for Southampton, it was arranged that Jack should return home ou leave, when the nuptials would ba celebrated early in spring. While the precediug romantic matter was under process of negotiation, I some- times saw Campobello, but the Corsican, though he was perfectly cognisant as to what was goiug ou, ovinced uo sign of concern. Oue day, while Beauchamp aud I were having iuuch with au acquaintance. Major Cavalier!, of the Malta Fencibles, within a Valetta café. Captain Camp »b Ho stroll, ed iu, and courteously respondod to our salute. Major Cavalier! was not acquaint- ed with the Corsican, aud 1 did not feel disposed to invite the latter to join ns, as I suspected, naturally enough, that tho feeling between him and Beauchamp might ba rather strained. Campobello seated himself at a table contiguous to ours, àud a moment later was joined by a stranger in nautical attire, who, while giving his order to a waiter, showed by his accent that lie was au Amoricau. . _; Politely accostiug his neighbour, Cam- pobello questioned the Yankee respecting t he condition of the dispute iu the Caked States on the ue^ro questiou, which was soon to result iu tho Southern secession, and tho subsequent awful iurerueciue strife. The sailor abruptly replied that he hated niggers, aud was a strong nnt i aholitumist. Campobello chauged the subject, and spoke about the Crimean carapiign. Then, to my utter auuoyauce and disgust, I cnn ld hear that the fellow was talkiug at Beauchamp in a disgrace- fully offensive aud insulting fashion. Jack, I may mention, had greatly dis- tinguished himself at Iukermau, bat had caught a bad attack of fever towards the close of hostilities, aud had been seat to Scntari Hospital, whence he rejoined us after the fall of Sebastopol. Campobello, raising his voice, continued to the American- j " There will be trouble in your country, as well as there has been, aaa is likely to j be, in niine.. Therefore, whatever side of ] the eontest a man may take, let him, at ] least, exhibit a little -courage. I have' great contempt for a fellow who calls himself a soldier who, when there are some bullets flying about, shirks his duty ou the pretence that he is ill, and leaves his comrades to do the dangerous work." j Beauchamp, who was a rather hot-head- ed youth, turned pale with fury, aud paid no attention to my whispered-suggestion to treat the Corsican with contempt. Campobello, perceiving that the remarks had had the effect intended, spoke with A most aggravating sneer " Tes, I moan you, Mr. Beauchamp. I accuse you of funking the trenches at Sebastopol, and hiding yourself iu a hos- pital bed. In that« and in other matters, yon have shown yourself a coward and a sneak!" "~ With an exclamation of rage Beau- champ rose, and, rushing at Campobello, dashod his fist into the Corsican's face. The proprietor of the café and several waiters surrounded the combatants, and gave vent to a perfect babel of remon- strances. The American, who was hold- ing Beauchamp back, shouted to Campo [ bello "You confounded foreign dancing master, if I had known that you were jawing to me to lead up to insulting this gentleman, you'd had a smack from me firstl" I ^OaptamrCatnpobello, his eyes flftthinjr . "i,.''.. ..CU fire, as lie wiped the blaud from his mouth ¿with his hauksrchief, hissed : " Lieuteattut Beauchamp, I am a Corsi- can, aud of a rac» that never forgives nur forgot«. You shall hoar from mo !" Beauchamp responded with a haughty tucliuation of the head. Then Oainpobello who apparently had quite recovered Iiis equanimity, lighted a cigar, aud, waving me a smiling adieu, to which I did not respond, turned ou his heel aud walked leisurely off. The sailor, addressing Beauchamp, said: ; " If that chap lia i come out with his jaw iu my ci<y of New Orleaus, Air. Offi- cer, I guess he'd been eligible for a wood- en suit by this time, and little go left in him to grumble at tho fifc, neither ;" aud thon he became absorbed in the perusal of au old number of tho Loudon Times that was lying ou the table. Major Oavalleri, who, by his mother's side, was English, aud had been educated at Eton and Oxford, said to Beauchamp : " It's decidedly unfortunate. That fel- low will send you a challenge." *' I daren't accept it." spoke Jack with a shrug of vexation. "Tho colonel's ex- ceedingly strict on the subject of duelling. «nd lid be cashiered for a certainty if I did." " Well," said the major, impressively, "I m ty loll yon that those Oovsieaus-I have met many of them, are first cousins of Beelzebub himself respecting their inordinate thirst for revenge. Oampobello will never forgive that blow, evon though in his more reasonable moments he may own that he was in tho wroug. Since, as I eau guess, thore is a lady in the ques- tion, he was the aggressor for a specific j purpose. If you .-can't fight, Oampobello j will consider himself morally jnstifiod, by the custom of his tribe, in killing you. He will make it the principal business of his life, and, if it were necessary, would move creation to accomplish his eud. Also, as possibly you have hoard, those Corsicans possoss iu tlioir island an inter- esting aud livoly institution called the vendetta, by which the signor capitauo, if need be, could command the services of any of his kith and kia in treating yon to a bullet or a thrust with a dagger. If yon should meet the follow 1 should sug- gest that you take as good an aim as you can. It' you are compelled to decline, I should advise yon no ver to walk out tin attended or go near the law quarters of the town. Oampobello, if he feels dis [ posed-and I rather think he wilt be dis , posed-can, at a moderate outlay, hire a numbur of the swarms of rascals about to drive a knife .into, youg heart.. ..Take my advice abd exercise the greatest caution.". "i'll risk tiverytbing and meet the. fellow 1" impulsively exclaimed Beau- champ. A challenge from Oampobello duly arrived through the medium of a sub- altern of tho Malta . Foncibles. Beau- champ referred him to me as his second, and, as iu duty bound, I laid the matter beforo our commanding officer, Colonel Bolton. The colonel was furious. Ho pent for Beauchamp, aud said : " No officer of mine shall ever fig'.tt a duel, if I eau prevent it, even by force. Unless you now give mo your word of honour that you will not take part iu a hostile meeting with this Captain Campo bello, I. shall order you to your room under close arrest, and place a sentry at your door." "But, sir, my honour is at stake!" pleaded Beauchamp. " You can send in your papers and sell out:.then you'll be as free as air, and can please yourself. But while yon hold the Queen's commission in the Cum- brian Fusiliers, nuder my command, I shall take every means in my power to prevent your fighting, a duel," spoke the commanding officer with decision. 1 Beauchamp " was* a very ambitious soldier, who was desirions of promotion in the service. It was hard for his pros- pects to be blighted either by selling out or being cashiered over a trumpery matter such as this quarrel with the Corsican. Having asked the colonel's permission to defer making any promise until he had seen me. Jack returned to my roora, abd narrated the purport of his interview with the commanding officer. " Sell out, Jack !" I exclaimed. " Mon strous ! Listen. Will you bc guided by the opinion of the mess on the subject ? I think you'd better." "Well," said Beauchamp, "I should certainly like to hear what the iellowe have got to say." Returning to the Fencibla officer, who was taking part in a gamo of billiards, 1 invited him to dine with us ia the evening, and informed him that we should come tc an arrangement afterwards. Then 1 requisitioned the services of an orderly oi the guard, and soon had a full muster oi the officers in tho mess- room, with the exception of the colonel. To them in detail I narrated Jack's position, and asked for an expression of opinion as to whether they considered Lieutenant Beauchamp, as a man of honour, should soil out and meet the Corsican, or whethei it would detract from his reputation as i 4¡|rarag^onB.,sol^ lio should refuse to fight, tima obeying-tho colonel's mandate. We Gurnbrain Fusilier officers were generally considered iu the army io hare ascrupulous veneration for esprit de corps, mid 1 knew that Jack's good record would remain untainted when 1 heard au indig- nant and uuauimous "No, certaiuly not!" "But. who is this Captain Oampobollor"' exclaimed tile surgeon, Dr. Bobers, testily. " Do any of you fellows kuow anything about him ? I think he has behaved like au attrocious cad, aud therefore does not deserve satisfaction from a gentleman. He may be some coufouudod foreign fiddler, for all we know." Nobody nudo any response, and Beau- champ, being called iuto the room, ex- plained that Oampobello lind been intro- duced to Sir Percival niel Miss Andrews by young Andrews, t ho officer liaviu? made the acquaintance of the Corsican at the house of the Govern >r. In the evening, wini I had an oppor- tunity of speaking to Campobello's second, I asked : " Are yon intimately acquainted with Captaiu Oampobello ? Who are his family connections-or what ?" The Fencjblo officer replied : " Absolutely nothing. I assumed he was a gentleman, because he was fraternising so much with your fellows." The man may ba a confounded ad- venturer, for all wo are aware," I muttered to myself. Then I narrated to Campobello's second particulars of the decision of the mess, of which, unofficially, he highly approved ; also that the colonel had vetoed tho meet- ing. Captain Campobello's response was the following note addressed to Beauchamp: "SIE,-You are a coward. I shall employ other meaus.-ANTONIO CA.MPO BELI.O." Jack read tho message with a con- temptuous snort. Still ho did not neglect Major Cavalleri's admonition, aud never took his walks abroad alone. , Ono night, however, Beauchamp, who was orderly officer, while takiug the guards, had occasiou to traverse a certain tract outside barracks. To his left, bo hind some boulders, he heard a rustle, followed by a flash and report. A bullet caught the peak of his shako, and knocked the head-dress off. Beauchamp, who habitually i-arriod a Colt's revolver, hastily pulled ont that weap tn, au 1 fired twice in the direction of the fl «sh. Thou picking up his damaged war bat, aud keepiu a wary look-out, he was re- turning to barracks, wheo he was met by a picquet at thTdp^ bera attracted by the firing. On teaching-the barrack gate. Jack made inquiries, and ascertained that a person answering to the description of the Corsican had nuked Of the sentry if Lieutenant Beauchamp' were within, and was informed that he. was on duty as orderly offioer. 1 Oampobello. if it were he who fired the shot, was well acquainted with barmck routine, aud knew that at some period during the evening tho subaltern of the day would pass along the road alluded to. Beauchamp at anco reported the out- rage to the colonel, and that officer, iu a terrible condition of excitement, vowed that he would treat tho Corsican to the " vendetta " with a rope round his neck. Colonel Bolton called on the Governor of the island, and that functionary had a regular hue and cry instituted, j But Oampobello could not be scented out. Soon it transpired that a more potent power than revenge had called Captain Antonio away. The abortive and I unsatisfactory peace of Villafranca had ! given a stimulus to revolutionary intrigue, and by command of the Camorra, Campo bello had sailed for Italy, where his services were wanted. I A few weeks later it was reported that the captain had again fallen iuto the ['clutches of Bomba, and subsequently a rumour went over the island that he bad died in prison. Jack Beauchamp could not conceal that he had got a load removed from his mind. In due course he obtained leave, sailed for home, and married Marry Andrews. , Soon afterwards the unexpected but thrice welcome route came in for the Cumbrian Fusiliers to proceed to Eng- land. Consequently, when Jack rejoined, we were comfortably settled in the lively little garrison town of Mortarborough, on the coast of Dorsetshire. In the autumn Mrs. Beauchamp unfortunately became rather* poorly, and was ordered off to Madeira, whither she was accompanied by her father. Things were as dull as possible in the regiment, and we were only kept alive by the vagaries of two newly-joined young ensigns named Cooke and Sennett, who were always up to some prank or other. In the beginning of September, Gari- baldi marched into Naples, and King Bomba, wisely making himself self scarce, withdrew to the fortress of Gaeta. Then, as everyone knows, the wretched political prisoners were released. In common with the whole population, the name of Garibaldi was almost continually iu our months. The accounts from Naples were ^| first somewhat meagW^t jpfte* noon, about the middle of October, we were fully enlightened regarding certaiu particulars by Captain Jones of ours, who received a Neapolitan revolutionary paper, which had been sent by his brother, who is au artist studying iu Italy. Joucs, who posed as having ji perfect knowledge of Italian, read-or rather translated as he read-au account of the opening of the dungeons, as well as a list of the freed patriots. _ " Great heavens !" he ejaculated, when his eye lighted on a certain natue. " Here's the fellow let out whom we all thought had gone to the other side of Jordan-the chap who was desirous of potting Beauchamp-you know-Captain Antonio Oampobello !" Beauchamp, who was standing near, turned slightly palo, but, turning to me, whispered, with a smile : " I fancy that it may place a damper on the captain's burning desire for revenge to come all this distance after mc." I thought of Major Cavallcri's state- ment, and said nothing. " Post, sir," said the mess attondaut, as he approached Beauchamp with a news- paper on a waiter. It was the Sandleigh Gazette, whieh was published iu a small town on the coast near his father's estate, for a portion of a borough whieh Jack was assiduously " uursing " prior to standing for it at the succeeding general election. Haviug removed the wrapper, Beau champ was immediately smiling at a tremendous onslaught made on his politi- cal views iu a leading article. Suddenly his countenance actually blenched, aud, calling, me aside, ho whispered hoarsely and excitedly : "Bead that!" The paragraph ran thus : "EXCITING SCENE.-The B.B. Mermaid, ' from Alexandria to London, which had called at Naples, ran ashore in a gale at Sandleigh Bay. There was no imminent danger to the lives of the passengers or I crew, but one frightened individual of the latter class leaped overboard and tried to swim ashore. After a few strokes he appeared quite exhausted, and would inevitably have sunk had not s courageous ceastguardsman, with a rope fastened round his waist, plunged inte the boiling serf, aud at the risk of his life seized the drowning man, and swam with him ashore. The person, who was quite un- conscious, had the appearance of a for- eigner. He was conveyed to the town hospital, where restoratives were applied. A small sum of monoy was found in his possession ; also visiting cards aud docu- ments, on which were inscribed ' Captain Antonio Oampobello.' The Mermaid was got off when the gale subsided, and pro- ceeded on her voyage. Just before going to press, our reporter called at the hospi- tal, and ascertained that the rescued niau had got completely round, aud had. been discharged." " He has lost no time," I said, with a shudder. "Look here!" hissed Jack, with set teeth. " I suppose I'm now in for a spell of suspense that will be fifty times worse than the trenches at Sebastopol were. I did not care then, but I own life is of some value to me now, since I am married. If I clap eyes on that fellow, I'll shoot him. I'll kill him as I would a tiger or a snake ! I'm morally justified in doing it. I'm so thankful that my wife's away." " Well Jack, old chap," I said, " we must really take some precautions in this matter. The man must be insane. It will really be only ordinary prudence to give it into the hands of the police. However, we'll discuss the affair after mess." Then I remembered we had promised to call at the quartermaster's rooms-to see his recently-born baby.^ The cherub was duly exhibited and admired, and, of course, we had to drink to its health and future prosperity. We chatted with the happy papa until it was time to go to dress for mess. Suddenly there was a knock at the door, the quartermaster' cried "Come in," and the sergeant of the guard entered. The man of stripes remarked : " Beg pardon, sir, but I've the colonel's order to tell you that someone a few minutes ago fired a shot about the officer's quarters. He wishes you to make a close investigation made tomorrow, sir, and if anything's been damaged, to make a special report to him." " Mr. Cooke and Mr. Sennet again, do you think P" spoke the quartermaster, with a smile. "So the colonel seems to fancy sir," answered the sergeant. "Oh, if yon please, Mr. Beauchamp, a gentleman called for you about a quarter of an hoar ago. I sent an orderly to conduct him to yonr room, sir ; and if you weren't there, I to the mess." " Thank you, sergeant," romarke Beau- champ, carelessly; then he muttered; "Some fellow called! I daresay that's young Tryon, of the Engineers. He half« promised to tura up tonight. I suppose its highly unlikely that Signor Capitano Antonio Oampobello will favour me with a personal call. Besides, he has hardly .haf timeío get hsre ye|,M Beauchamp and I hurried to our rirters, in order to make the required nge in our habiliments before putting in an appearance at the dinner-table. My room was close to Jack's, and, my friend-remaked; "Uh, did I tell you I received my wife's carte-de-vîsite, photographe 1 in Maderia, this morning? It's au excellent likeness. Come in and I'll show it to you." " Hullos ! what iu the deuce is this P" growled Beauchamp, as he discovered his door locked and the key missing. "Cripps," he bawled along the passage to his servant. The adjutant's mau answered the sum mous. He said ; " B 'g pardon,' sir, btit Cripps got leave of thc captain, as he 'ad a brother call to sae 'int. I got ybnr mess things ready, sir. You'll find »em all right.** "But my key's miseing'TOMi," said Jack. " Key sir4 It was there half an hour ago. I dida't even turu it in the look,. Don't, know who'd a-touched it. Not .a soul beûu^iu, the passage as I know .pu, sir, 'ceptiii* Mr. Cooke and ' Mr. Sennett, and a civilian geutlera au with One 'of the guard'orderlies.' l*forgot, sir; the colonel was round kick!ti' up a row as bethought the youug officers *ad been igoui' in for pistol practice; I -heard thejreport, but took no notice bu U."; s ; ir " Ciufonad; Abo thiug! I must ¡get into my room," aatd^eaucliamp. . " Fetch rae s chisej, <orsonw{¡l|tug, aud I'll, prize the door open.". ' i',^""."" '.' The se'rvanj; soph" brbught a crowbar, with which*Boauch'ampi /using the" imple- ment jemmy fashion, speedily ¡obtained iugre¿8 to his apartment. - He sniffed and < exclaimed:;! . ? " What a beastly smell of gunpowder ! j I wonderwhether. Messrs. Sennett and j Cooke have hoiioured ni y room with a visit. I'd have punched t'ieir deuced heads if I'd caught them." ' -- The moos which had now risen, was j shining'brightly through the window, arid by. its light. Jack perceived a figure lying, i ou his bed*-? "What on earth's this P" ha angrily exclaimed.. " What blessed tomfoolery ! Just imagine .tts mental calibre of the animals Wim 'could 'extract amusement from such o'game as this!" ? Beauchamp,' who wà's a bit of a dandy, had a model !of his figure fashioned in stiffened buckram, with cork -stuffing, ou which-he was-;wont to button* Ms tunic before wearing if. This the bright youths Sennett,»nd QpoVe^-it neqdbd po ghost to tell that-thad placed .between his sheets. .' " "'" ?' " I wonder what those idefca have been! firing at»P't f08tily snapped Jack, as he struck a-lucifer and lighted the (gas.'. *' Db, what a hanged - áltame I My new ; tunic too !" he wrathfully ejaculated, as. ¡ he pointed to a dagger-like weapon, which had been driven to the hilt in tlie breast part, "TJiis is too, bad ; I'll make a re- port of it! ' I think the" sooner 'those/ young lunatics are cashiered the better.*' .Beauchamp, who. had passed to the side of the bed next'the window, euddely gave an exclamation of surprise and alarm. He caught the foot of the «ot bud pushed it a yard towards the door, and -disclosed the motionless figure of a man lying len his back, grasping with bis right hand, a heavy revolver, and with his left a scrap of paper. As by a simultaneous impulse, my com- rade and I caught hold of the body and raised it on the bed. The features pinched áud haggard--were blackened by gunpowder ; aud blood, now coagulated, bod oozed from the mouth. Still Beau- champ aud I recognised the face at the same moment.- It was that of Captain Antonio Oampobello ! . I snatched the paper ¡from his grasp, and read, written on it ia a scrawley band, the words, "Un Corso si vondica enmore!" [which may be translated, "¿k Corsican is avenged-and dies !"] Immediately I had perused the scrap I heard a sharing sound, accompanied by a groan. Tn* shock of the ghastly dis- covery had been too ranch fur Beauchamp. He had fallen in a dead faint over the corpse of his enemy. Preparatory to summoning assistance, I raised the unconscious Beauchamp from the bed, laid him on the floor, and loosened his collar. Looking out of the door I saw Ensign Cooke. " Mr. Cooke," I said sternly, " did yon place that dummy in Beauchamp's bed P" "Well, yes. Sennett and I did," was the youth's.reply. " Now I'm acensed of firing a pistol... Upon my honour I know nothing about that." I responded : "Look sharp. Tell the commanding officer and the doctor that I request their presence urgently in Mr. -Beauchamp's room." EnBign Cooke," with a vague idea that ia some fashion he was in for it, hurried away to deliver my message. , Directly, afterwards there was a tap at the door. I attended to the summons, and wai confronted with the orderly of the guard. " Beg pardon, sir/' tho man said ; " but I wish to see Mr. Beauchamp." '. I replied : " Yon can't see him' at present, but you can leave any message with me." The orderly went oh : " I don't know as I did right, sir, but a civilian gentleman wished to see Mr, Beauchamp, nnd I brought him here. I knocked, an' not beiu' answered, took the liberty of openiu' the door, and saw Mr. Beauchamp in bed. The gentleman said as 'ow he wanted partie'lar to see Mr. Beauchamp, ah' would go au' wake him up. Then just as the colonel was sendin' meto post a letter in the town to catch the mail train, I heard a shot. Wheu I came back the sergeant of the guard told me that ho 'ad it from the adjutant's sergeant as 'ow Mr, Beauchamp 'ad to break open his door." "You may go," I said. "If there's anything wrong you'll doubtless hoar from Mr. Beauchamp." Thegbastily business was now appar- ent,? ... ,, Osmpobello, perceiving the dummy on the bed, was convinced that it,was his foe in reality, and, after inflicting what he thought to be a mortal wound with his 'dagger,/had blown his braius out. As I looked at the Oorsican's lifeless body, i could not help regretting that a man of . his parts should have fallen a victim to the sentiment of the overwhelming passion for revenge of his strauge race. .Murder most foul had boen averted by a ludicrous and silly practical joke, and accidentally the hair-brained youths Cooke aud Sennett had performed a service invaluable' in its character. The colonel and the doctor came 'together ou the scene, and in a few words I told them of what had happened. . The -still inanimate Beauchamp we carried to my room adjoining from whence he was conveyed pu a stretcher to ¿be doctor's quarters in hospital. What was to bc done with Campobello's body? The three of us had a long and serious consultation" On the gruesome sub- ject. The dead tuan was possessed of' .relatives, of whom I liad heard'him speak, and I argued that to have tile, facts, pub- lished at ¿an inquest might have, for all we could tell,, the effect of briugiog.sboat a continuation of tlie vendatta ; therefore, in our decision on the perplexing question, we wore guided by considerations of prudence respecting Jack Beauchamp's safety. I searched- his pockets. There were but a shilling or two ? in money, this card- case, and afew letters. The missives. I af ter wards destroyed.. Now, what we did may be. objected to, ou ethical grounds, hut we were soldiers accuàtomed to rough'campaigning, and therefore' not likely to trifle with a dint cutty in a kid-gloved fashion. So, in the . early morning, the - colonel, the doctor, and 1 conveyed.tli© corpse, ,of the unfortunate mau, with ¡ his hand still tightly clasping the revolver,, ont of barracks by the private door of the officers' house, and gently laid it by the side of the road, just as We saw the light of a policeman's lantern in the distance. A minute later we hard the guardian of the peace calling loudly for assistance, and vigorously blowing his whistle: Soon a passing market waggon was requi- sitioned, and the body conveyed to the parish mortuary. An inquest was held in due course, and, according to the' news- paper report, the jury found that a person unknown had shot himself. Privately, through the medium of the vicar of the parish, Colonel Bolton ¡paid an undertaker, to have.the remaius buried decently. Greatly to. their surprise. Ensignsr Cooke and Sennett were not reprimanded for the practical joke they had played. -Jack Beauchamp, on perceiving Oam po bello's body in his' room, had' received- a much inoro severe shock than was sup- ! posed.. .A slight attack- of. brain fever supervened. ? In consequence he received six mouths'leave, and joined his wife at Maderia. . ! All of us who knew of the affair kept it a close secret for years. In fact, I beliove that Beauchamp-, who long since left the army-when he succeeded to the title and estates on the death of his father-has never breathed a single sylable to his wife of the tragic story of the end of her for- mer admirer, Captain Antonio Campobello. 