The Man With a Box, Who was tho man with tlio box f For tho tbDUKfiuutb tliuo did Doctor. Cullaraoro nek himp.cli this qucHicn-; for tho thousandth tirao did ho ponder over tbo grim conun drum, till it occtned like a spootro haunting apparition was ever by bis eide, demanding now mournfully, now sternly, Who am 1 f - And this apparition was tho man with tho box. It tho mart was a mystery, tho box was nono tbo less ono. From long gazing at it. tho dostor hod como to regard It as a kind of hidooua. all-knowiog demon, which might opon its hps and toll all; but oould not bo nmdoto. But this was only fauov, for tho box, as It stood on tho doctor's tablo, was an ordin ary litllo casket of mahogany, with soma Dlgnoofan Eastern origin, perbapo, in its curious carving, but to a cauunl glanco a mere commonplace wooden box with a look and key. Yet a glanco at this box woo enough to bring to Doctor Oollamoro'u mind thoughts of till that was dark, mysterious and un canny. Tho doctor sits beforo It now, gazing over it at tbo lnrid sunsot gradually dying into prey. Ho holds tho key of tbo oaskot in his fingers, as bo has so many timcB beforo in tho last.fivo ycoro, but ho does not open tho box; ho novcr has opened it. Ho ia listen ing to n, young girl, who leans her pale, lovely face egalost bis ahonlder as sho speaks Co htm In a low voico. "It is ' a etrango, dork box, Unolo Frederiok ataodiog iberoso grim and black between ns and tbo bright sky." Tha doctor starts. M Aro yon tbioklog of tbe box, Adrlcnno?" "I think of It often. I remember tbo night, fivo years ago, when it camo to tho home. I remember that when I saw it first, standing on your lablo, my heart sank, I know not why, with a presentiment of impending nmfortuo?. Tbo next night," end her voion sank to a whisper, " I beard that Malcolm had disappeared— tbat behad occn robbeu— mnrilcreu, "Malcolm f Do yoaotill think o! bim ?" " Could I forget?" " But Arthur Weston 7" " Alt, Artbar Weston 1 My dear onolc— my dear guardian— I must tell you. Arthur Weston has askrd me to bcaomc his wife. To- night bo Is to havo my answer." "Audit will bo 7" "The box says no." " Must you obey the box 7" "It not only commando mo— it Impels me. Ever elnoo it has been hero It seems to eay to me: drienno, 1 hold within mo tbo ctcrats of your futuro Ufa ; 1 am your destiny, and I am hero to watsb over yoa ami guard you from ctIIs you know not of, and dangirs that you cannot etc.' Ob, uoclc, this seems fanciful to yoa, who know tho history of tho box, bat to mo it ia vory real." "Alto, I know no mora of its history tbsnyou. To ma it spcako only of horror, violcnco and crimo. But tell me, dcoo It overpay anything clsa to you?" " Yes. At times when I havo pondered long over tho past It seems to say to mo: 'Hope, Adiieono, hope I Id good time I will opon my lips; tbo sorrowful shall bo maris bappy— tbo dead oomo baok to lifo. Uopal' " Tho doctor drew her closer to him. "My cbild, tbo timo has aomo when you mast know what I havo never told toanyoce —tho storv of how 1 csrao by tbo box. To night 1 do what I never have dona— with Ibis kev I open tho box. I look thero for a revelation of terror ond crimo. If it havo for you soy message of bopo aod love, Heaven grant tbat you may reeoivo it. Listen," he said : " Fivo years ago I heard that ray brother, whom 1 had not seen for sou? years, bad died, leaving you, his only daughter, an orphan, dependent upon my care. I arranged tbat you should make my house your home, and ono eveuing— fivo years ago to-night— wbilo I was away tn fulfil a professional en- gsgomcnt, you arrived. When I returned yon wero hoe. I learned also during my abscnco young Malcolm Douglas had called u|uu jrua witu uui iiieuu aciiiuc tieoiuu. Tkcfco two young incu, you told mc, had ro- turned from India not long beforo, where they had made their fntur.ee. I learned also tlmt Malcolm was au accepted lover. "I was once moro called out, nnd it was Into at night when 1 started for home ognta on foot. As I plodded on, thinking of tho changes which would oomo from your living among uo, and for tho hnppinEsn I hoped for you in tbo husband I bad novcr seen, I wao recalled to myself by noiecs, lights nod shouting. Looking about mo, half dazed, I found luyeelf in tho middle of tho street; a cab drawn by two horses was bearing down upon mo rapidly, Tbo driver, vainly trying (o chock tbe nmtnalo, was calling to mo. I was bowildcred, and stood still till tbohorscs were almcst upon me; in aninstnntl should havo been knooked down wbon I was snatched to ono eide just as the wbeela of tho onb grazed my olptbing, " I looked tip at my rosouor. Ilia elotbeo woro torn aod muddy, and I distinctly remembered Afterwards tbat stains ol— of— something red— wero on bis bonds. " ' My dear sir, bow can -I thank you enough for your courage V 1 said, "'It waa nothiog — nothing at all,' ho replied, M ' But you bavo saved my lifo at tho rlek of your own. Lot mo at least know who you aro, so that I may havo tbo opportunity of being of use to yoa oomo time/ "'If you want to servo mo, now is tbo time/ ue said. Take this box. My hfo would bo in danger wtro it found upon mo. 1 ' 1 Then I will tako It/ 1 said. " Ho placod tho box in my hands, saying : Swear to mo tbat you will never let nnvono elso got possession of it; that you will never rovcal how it c&mo; into your possession, and that yoa will never open it. I may call upon yon any timo for it; ill hava not done so by fivo years from to-night I absolve you from yoor oatb ; yon may open tbe box and toll tho story of reoeiving it from me. Do you swear to do this ?' ."'Iswoar/ " 1 Thou boro is tbo box aod a koy. You may sco mo ogoiu soon, or you may nover bod mo. Farewell!' " Whm 1 renohed home and thought over this adventure oatmly, it did not take long to ooaoludo that tboru was moro of tho comio than tho troglo about it. ; 0o I put tha box away, ood soon all thought of it was driven from my mind by tbo startling events whioh had happoaod at this timo. " Malcolm Douglas had disappeared, Ho had drawn all bis money, amounting to ton thousand pounds, from tho bank, abd if tbo sea had swallowed him up ho oould not b'avo disappeared moro totally, bio monoy with him. Aa timo wont on and nothing woo heard of bim, tbo polioo took up tbo matter. Murder and robbery was their theory, and they roadoa fow arrests. "Nothing oomo of thorn, howover, till suspicion fell upon the Hindoo servont. Kara Nin. A man bad been found who bad seen Malcolm that night in n lonely part of tho olty near tho wb&rvcB; , tbo man also stated tbat Malcolm ecomed to bo followed by a email dark man — giving n very good description of Kara Nia. Bub Arthur Weston stopped io and affirmed that Kara Nin bod been whb him that night at tho timo wbon Maloolui hadr been scon near tho wharves, .lliiu alibi upset tbo onto against tho servant, and tho poltco gavo up tbo search in despair, and Kara Nlu soon after disappeared. "Thus it seemed that tho disappearance of Malcolm Dooglaswas to be an unsolved mystery ; but it wan then that dark visions began to riso up beforo mo, and tbo almost forgotten box began to tak? on tho sinister look it .has over oloco worn. Tho breathless hurry of tho man with tbo box, bis anxiety to rid himself o! tbo Incriminating burden; I tho very 'words bo used about It; lbs solemn oaths ho mado roo tako— nothing could bccri less oomio or insigoifioanl than this, when I camo to think of It, in eonceotion with tho disappearance of Malcolm Douglas. I have often started up in tho dead of night and eotno to the box with tbo koy in my hand, determined to opoo It and sco what it con tained; but mv arm has always been stayed not bv my oatb, hut by my feeling tbat tbo timo had &otyet; oomo— thai tbe score! of tho box wad not to be forced from it. But I havo always felt, nevertheless, that not a Kara Nin, nor tho polioo, but tbo box, did havo locked within its broant, tho secret of tbo disappearance of Mdlcoltn Doughy, "Audnow tho timo baa oomo; to-night tbe fivo years aro passed; I am absolved from my oatb. I havo told you tbo story of tho box. so far oa I know it; now 1 open it. and if it has aDy eeorcte it muat glvo them ud." Tho red sunset had' almost faded now- and loft tho box staodiog out blackly against tbo dead grey nky. Tbo girl raised bor head arid gazed earnestly at the casket. Then sbo arose. '-Iwillleavo you. Unolo Frederick." sbo said, " to open tho box, I know now what you must havo uuff.rcd through all theso ycoro with this knowledge!. I, too. havo suffered ; but to mo tho box baa spoken wordo ofcomfcrt and hope; aud to-night 1 luui lum no propucsjoa aro soon to no un filled, I mast go now; Arthur Weston is waiting for mo." "I fear bio vicit will be short, poor fellow I But it tho box contains anything of import- : anca, I will tell you. Now tbat tho timo bat rcnll7 oomo I feel very muoh ogttatcd ; I can hardly bring myself to opon tno box. But I will try hard to pluck up courage," Tbo doctor lighted a wax Caper and sot it on tho table next to tho box. Then ho took tho koyf whioh was fastened to a small crimson ribbon, and put it in tho koy holo, Ao ho did oo a flood of momoriostnabod over him. A shudder parsed through tho doe- tor's framo ; ho turned the koy and slowly lifted tho lid. Tho Ugbt was dim ; tho doc tor raised his cyos, and looking at tho win dow he saw a sight whlob at first turned his blood eold. A fooo was pressed against tbo pano ; a faco tbat he knew, with bright eyes stating at him inetntly. Before him tuo dootor saw tbo box, open at last; beyond the box, ho saw tho novcr forgotten faco of that night in tho street fivo Tears before; tha faoe of tho man with tbo box I It was but for o moment tbat tho doctor was paralysed. Ho sprang to tho window, opened it, sod assured himself that tho faco >,uo uu» mucin vision, oj grasping ioo oooy convaliivety. Whb superhuman energy be dragged tho man into tno room nnd stood beforo bim with uplifted arms. " At last f at laat I" he eried ; " tbo timo baa como f Whether yon aro a mao or devil you must yield up to ma tha eeorot o! Mal colm Dooglaa 1" " 1 will do so/' antwerod tho man,' in a calm, clear voico. "It is for tbat that I havo como here. Cloro tho window and sit down, I seoyou havo opcoedtho box. HI had not oomo you might bavo guceicd from that tho secret of Malcolm Douglas." " 1 knew it I" murmured tho doctor, sink ing Into a chair. "I oould bavo sworn that Mnloolm Douglas's falc was known to you and tho box!" "I will rauke myetory abort," continued tho man. "To begin at tho beginning: Malcolm Dooglaa and Arthur Westoo re turned from India comparatively rich men, Thoy had mado ihcir fortunes together, bat had divided them beforo tboy left Indio. They papscd through Enropo on their way boras. Tholr stay thero would havo been longer had not Douglas discovered that Weston was becoming a victim to gambling. Ho was much alarmed for his friend and hurried him homo. "But It was too !afo; for ono night not long after their arrivol here, Weston informed him that ho had already lost almost all hia forluno over the gaming table. Ho followed this with a rrquest for a largo loan. Dsug- las went to tho bank and drew oot all hie money to help his Iriond ; and in doing this he rushed to his doom. " What good could a loan do an already roiued man 7 Tho moooy must bo bis some how. When tho guilty idea first struck Wcatou'a mind I do not anow. Onco there, it grew rapidly, for Weston had suddenly oomo to havo aaolhor reason for wishing to havo Douglas out of tbo way— the hatred of a rival in lovo. " The resolve onco formed, an inBlrumaut was readily found. A ferocious Hindoo sirvant, conversant with means o! killing unfamiliar to us— ready for greed or for mere bioodthirstfness to otrauglo anyone— au... u |«,»wu «.,!! nuinaiu, o iooi raaay to tho hand of Westoo, "Thero Is ono oiroumetanco which feotons indubitably upon Weston tbo guilt of this oriine. When Kara Nin, through como accident, wao observed aod suspected, ho oalled upon his master to perjure himself in order to save him. Aud through fesr of botraynl Wcofon did tbie, doubtless with in- conceivable loathing, for ho had no causa to lovo Kara Nio," " For tho Hindoo had not brought Doug- loejo money. Weston thought ho had stolen it ; at any rate he followed tho Hindoo with his vengeaoce, and eomo timo later attemp ted to havo bim done away with ; thus grati fying a grudgo and getting rid of a dangerous accomplice at tbo oamo timo. But I bt-lievo bo failed, and if so thero will bo war between Weston and Kara Nin." "But thiols not all," exclaimed tbo doc tor, as tho man paused, "this is nothing. Who aro you, what of tbo box, and what really was Malcolm Douglas's Into 7" Tho man sat for n long timo leaning his faco on his hand. At lest bo epoko: " Is youmiecohero?" "Yea." " Will yon take mo to bor f " 11 Doctor Oollatnoro roso, and tho man followed bim into tbo drawing room, Arthur Wosion was tboro with Adrienpp. "Why do yon toll Dto to wait ?" bo was saying. 44 1 havo waited fivo years, Adri- onno. Was I not to havo my answer to night t At least give mo a little hope." Tho door had opened, and tbo doctor nod the man wcro standing in tho room. Adrienne roso and gavo ono look at the man. " Maloolm 1" sho cried, aud throw herself intobls&rme.; Arthur Weston followed bar with his oyos, and saw Malcolm Douglas standing in tho doorway. Weston eank to the floor, and raised his hand as if to shield himself from a frightful vision. "It is I, myself, Arthur Weston," sold Douglas; 41 tho bowetriog of tbo stranglor failed for once. The treasure box is not in Kara's bands, but In this very hooso, whoro it has boen ever sinoo that night." Weston arose and mado a violent effort to appear solf. possessed. "Woll, Maloolm," ho said, "you can't blamo mo for thinkiog you wcro a ghost. 1 never expected to sco you again," ' 41 Wooton, you can oparo mo tho trouble of publioty donoanolng you. When I sua- oecded in escaping from tbo strangler, 1 was filled witb fear and apprehension. I know I was not safe while ha was hero. I resolved to go away until it would bo safo for rao to return. Your falso swearing in Kern's behalf showed mo who- my real cnomics wero, aud I bavo not roturnod till I am ablo to dofcat yoa .at all points, Leavo the oouatry, Arthur Wocton ; nover again return or como near mo, uhd sou will be nafo, oa for as I nra concerned ; otherwise you will bo in ganl within an hour." Weston slunk ont of tbo room without a word. " My children," said Doctor Goliamoro, " I don't thiok I understand all of thie yet; but I can soo that tho man with tho box has rotorned, tho box hno been oponcd, and Its ourco at last removed from my slccploss nighto." 14 And I always said, Unolo Fredoriok, that tho box oontaincd a. Donning. Wo bavo opened it, and 1 bavo. found Malcolm." 'I am glad you havo kept your. promise about tho box so well," said Malcolm ; 14 hut I im moruglod that you bavo kept Adrionno far mo oo safely. In return I will promlso that you shall no longer bo haunted by tbo man with tho box." Arthur WoBton slipped oat of tbo room qulotly enough. But did ho sco still another face prcsued against tho window pano wotoh- ing all his movements 7 A dark, savage faoo with glittering eyes and wliRo teeth tlint looked Asi;llioy would like to taoto blood? Did you oco that faco, Arthur Weapon ? If jran did, good-bye to all root audipcaca of mind for yoa from this tlmo opt for tbo bowstring ol tbo straoglcr will not fail tho ocoood timo, and you know it. You bavo played with fire, and your day of xsckoning is yet to coma ; and when It does, )t will bo from tho band of Kara Nio, 