[Continued from Saturday's Issue.] [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] [all eights reserved.]v] A FATAL PAST. feY DORA RUSSELL, Author of " Footprints in the Snow," " The Broken Seal," " Thb Track of the Storm," "A Bitter Birthright," etc., etc. CHAPTER V. The Heir. j Lady Ennismore was a woman of the world. Sho had been trained in the school- which teaches us to hide and suppress tho strongest feelings of our nature, but it took all her training to meet HelUn and Roche apparently unmoved. But sho did meet them thus. She received tliem with the smiling courtesy of manner for which she was remarkable. 'You have arrived, then?' sho said to Roche, as she shook hands with1 him. 'Did you meet my madcap girls among tho .hills V Helen jumped off her pony at these "words, and slid her arm through Lady Entiismove's. ' You must not scold,' sho said, putting her pretty faco conxingly up to her friend's. ' Judy wasn't a bit to blame—I would go— , ■wo went up to the station to see tho train como in, and Mr. Bocho and Mr. Curzon got out—and tliey-didn't know tlio way, so wc ■ said they might tome with us.' ' And this is the young lady who calls herself Madamo Propriety, Mr. Roche!' answered Lady Ennismoro. ' Well, my dear, I shall not scold you this time.' Aud she laid her hand caressingly on tho young girl's shoulder. Scarcely had Helen thus explained how she came to be with Roche, when Julia aud young Curzon joined them. ' I knew my old friend again at once, Lady Ennismoro, and claimed her acquaint ance,' said Curzon, looking smilingly at j ulia-. ' And I think,' ho added, ' I see another old friend hero V And Curzon shook htintlS With Maud Bingham, Ladv EuniBtftore's second daughter, by whom she was accompanied, and who was rath or a peculiar-looking girl of twelve, ' How are you, Miss Punch ? he said. 'I am very well,'answered Miss Punch; 1 but I do not in the least remember who you are.' 'What a blow to my vanity)' said Gui'zon, laughing. ' What! H&Vti; you forgotten all my delicate attritions to you, Miss Punch— all thtt loVe 1 made, long, long ago 1' ' t remember you now,' said Miss Punch. " You often walked with Miss Sinclair—and she said you were a pert, pretty boy.' ' Oh, Maud !* exclaimed Lady Ennismore, reprovingly, s-hilo Helen Drummond and Roche laughed aloud, for Curzon absolutely blushed, and was young enough to feel annoyed, ' And this young gentleman ? said Roche, tho next moment, patting tho cheek of tho beautiful boy by Lady Ennismoro'a Bido. ' What is your name, sir ?' ' Robert Patrick Bingham, commonly called Pat,' said Helen, answering for the child. ' Isn't that your name, Pat ?' "i ' Robert Patrick Bingham, aud I shall bo j Lord Ennismore,' said the boy, looking up with his innocent, fearless blue eyes in' Roche's faco. I ' Hush, hush, darling,' said Lady Ennis moro, and she stooped down and kissed her ; littlo son's bright curls. ' Never talk of being j Lord Ennismoro—it would "be a sad, sad ,drvy j for mother when she heard her boy c&llc;'d bfy 1 his father's name.' Before the child xiaiM'd reply, Helen Drum mond had taught him in her arms, and had mo'uVited him on one of the dun ponies. 'Gome, Master Pat,'she said, 'let us see how woll you can ride.' Pat with the sweet changcablencsB of childhood, at once forgot all about his fathers | name. ' I can ride better tliim Judy,' he said, "cause she's n girl. ' v An'<l Vou think boys can do anything belter than girls, Pat ?' said Roche smiling. ' Ah, young man, you have not yet come to tho age of wisdom.' And he looked with his merry, dark eyes at Helen as ho spoke. ' And you have come to the ago of wisdom, of course?' said Helen with some archnbsDi ' I have como to the ago at Icitofc Vrlieh I admire girls moro than boys,' answered Roche, still smilihg. 1 Men in my opinion are not to be compared to women.' ' Women act more than men,' said Helen. 'And what do you know about acting child 1' asked Lady Ennismore, with a sad ring in her voice, and a somewhat sad look in her eyes, as they fell on Helens blooming faoe. 1 What story book have you been reading, Helen, for of rim roni noiin5 oniifu'a stage you can know nothing ?' * Nob yet,' said Roche, for Helen blushed and did not speak, ' but her time will corner Lady Ennismore. Wo all ploy ottV parts, you know, in the tragedies and comedies around us.' o ' True,' Said Lady Ennismoro, and she gave a quick, low sigh. ' And this sturdy boy?1 continued Roclic, putting his arm round the little heir, wlio was still mounted on tho pony. ' Life will be always a pretty jolly kind of comedy for him, eh V ' As far as wo can forsee,' answered Lady Ennismore. ' I Btiould like to change places with him,' said Roche, lightly. Again, Lady Ennismore gave a quick low sigh, and then sho looked gently, almost pityingly, in tho young man's good-looking face. I hope your life will be happy also,' she said. ' But look,' she added quickly^ point ing to a house before them, which ft sudden turn of the road had brought In view, ' yonder is Brackenford. I was born thti'r'o, Mr. Roche—and—and—and all tho tragedies of my life have happened beneath that roof.' ' The tragedies ot your life V repeated Roche, looking at Lady Ennismoro in sur prise. ' I suppose you are joking, Lady Ennismoro, your life can liavo had no tragedies ?' ' How can you tell V answered Lndy j Ennismoro. ' One great tragedy that all the j world knew happened there. My yoking I brother, _ Norman, in tho prime of "his life, waij carried into that house frith, a fatal gun shot wound in his thttmfc. It killed my mother.^ That was tragedy onougli, was it not.' Yes, Mr. Roche, there aro shadows over many lives which outwardly seem all fair and bright.' Lady Ennismore's lips quivered, and her cheeks flushed as sho said these words( and Francis Roche felt convinced frtttn that moment that all had not gone smooth in the carcor of this apparently most prosperous lady. ' Wo nil have some troubles, I suppose,' he said. ' Yes,' answered Lady Ennismore absently, as if her mind were still dwelling on some piinful subject. But suddenly with almost an impatient gesture, she roused herself. ' You will think you are going to a very melancholy place, I fear, Mr. Roche,' sho said, looking at the young man (with her charming smile, but I assure you it is not so. No one can be melancholy with Lord Ennismore. He has the brighesfc temper, the sweetest temper I ever met. He is like a big child I toll him, and he has carried into middle ago all the joyousncss of extrome youth.' ' He is a lucky man,' answered Rocho. ' Ho is a happy man, I hope,' said Lady Ennismore. ' You should seo him with the child,' and she looked back at her boy as she said this, who was a few yards behind them, still on Helen's pony who was leading it. t ' Lord Ennismoro worships that boy,' she. added in a lower tone. 'Sometimes I]fear he loves him too much—that if anything were I to happen to Pat—' ' You must not think of anything happen ing to Pat,' said Rocho kindly. 'Do you know that I shall begin to think you t ike views of life, Lady Ennismore.' ' I am older than you and that explains it,' said Lady Ennismoro, and again she smiled. 'But hero we arc at home,' she continued, for they had now reached a wall which enclosed tho private grounds of Brackenford, at this spot, and in which there was a small locked door-way which Lady Ennismore opened with a key. Insiclo this wall everything told of woalth. The house at Brackcnford was built litorally on t he hill-side, but the hill-sido was culti vated and adorned, and art, as well as nature, had contrived to make the place wonderfully beautiful. There were rustic bridges over a gushing little stream that fell gurgling down i artificial cascades and rockwork, and mur mured through woods and thickets and ferns, while above all—towering up grand and grey—were the great hills which no hand had touched. Tho houso was pic'tWrea^Ud, though somo ■<vhat fanciful, Mr. Maiden hadbeen a rich man, ft very rich man, and ho had built his house without counting tho cost. Thon tho unfor tunate young Norman Maiden, v.'lio bad died such an untimely death, had added and im proved upon his father's plans. And hia proud mother had decorated tho interior of the placo afresh after her husband's death, for some titled brido, whom* it was whispered, she had urged her only son to bring to his home. .Now, father, mother, nnd son alilco were gone. Tho rich furnishing remained, but tho proud old dame who had bdughfc it had been carried aWay With "a broken heart from tho ihidsfc of her splendor. Lady Ennismore had inherited ovorytliing, all tho vast property, the coal mines, tho iron works, and Lord Ennismore was' a very rich man, and the child heir to a great in heritance. Roche could not help thinking what a lucky little fellow this child was ah ho Walked through the placo With tho beautiful mother. His own childhood had boon a somowliat sad -and neglected oiie. Ho could remember neither his father nor his mother, and ho had been brought up by hia uncle, Colonol Roche, of tho Engineers, who was a hdt tempered soldier, fond of his o\Vh Way, of wino and good liVilig, and devoted to his profession, and a very ardent admirer of the fair sex. With this narrow-minded, though brave and honorable man (for Colonel Roche was a distingushed soldier, and had seen hard work and had taken his place right .-gallantly in tho front during tho last thirty years) Francis Roche had spent his childhood and boyhood. Wherever his uncle went ho had taken; the boy. Francis Roche had thus been a great traveller, and had rough edit in many plaices; though, to do Gokmui lio'cho justice, lie always did vvliat lio thohght best fob tils liepheW. , In his way lio fras 'fond of him. Blit.th^ Colons! WHs only fifty- -a handsome, soldier-like man still—and he -might marry, and do ho had never called Francis Roche his heir, nor encouraged any expectations of tho kind. He allowed the young man one hundred a year, and ib was understood be tween them that when... Francis got ;his captaincy that this allowance should cease. Thus Francis Rocho had been peculiarly without littmo tie?; He wbtifc t'd stajr iVith lii,s untie during his lohg leave each year, Wherever Colonel Rocho happened to bo stationed, and he wrote to him each month, and this was all lio over saw of his rela tions. ' Mako your own way, my boy, with your sword,' tho Colonel once told him. ' You boar an honorable name, live to mako it' more honorable, and when you dio let your epitaph be a gallant soldier's.' Somehow Francis Roche knew by that subtle instinct with which we discern the real feelings of those around us, that however early ho died tho death of a 'gallant soldier,' that this event would not break his uncle's heart, . He was justilibd; tliel'ofore, iii saying soliieW'liat sadly to Lady EiiHismore, as they walked through the beautiful grounds of Brackenford, and as he thought of the happy fate of the -young heir of all this wealth, and so much love, that ho (Francis) always felt himself so lonely in the world, ' I have no'one who particularly cares for me,'ho said.' 'Everyone else'has a mother or sister, I think j but I have 110 one—no ono to love lne nor to think about hie, Lady Ennisnlore. If I wejre' UUdfc -teTi}ibrt-V>$r; there is liot'a s\ngle.iWrs3u WiitiwoUld shed a te'n'r 'over hiy grave. .these words seemed to touch Lady Ennis morc's sympathetic nature very deeply. Her delicate skin flushed, and she bit. her lips, and fora-moment or two made no answer to the young man's complaint; Then when, sho did apeak, -het voico Was falbetiii'g and broken. ' ?.'v Cav1 'e'i' said, 'who cares [iVr yo'ii—-Wllo thinks of you—you—may liaye friends thatiyou never guess of V ' I fear not,' answcrcdFiancisjRocho with a little laugh, 'and yet tho strangest thing happened only lately, Lady Ennismore.' And he proceeded to tell her tho whole story of the mysteiious five handled pounds wil.h' which he had boon presented with b.y, Mr. Twiss in tho lady's wardrobb iii Bucking ham Palace-rttadi • Lady Ennismoro listened and was appar ently very much interested in tho talo. ' It is a strange thing indeed !' sho said. ' Well, then, you see, my words aro true —someone must love you and carc about jou —or this never would hayo happened.' ' I cannot understand it,1 answered Roche, ' and when I citlled tho next day tho old woman would give me no satisfaction. She said the lady sent hor love, and would always think of me or some such folly.' And Rnrim laughed. ' Then how can you say yo.U baVti no one to care for you.,?' Kti'd Lady Ennismore, speaking hiohs lightly than she had, hitherto ab'ne. 'Ah, Mr. Roche, perhaps, too, somo pretty young maiden will bo caring very deeply for you one of theso days !' ' Pretty young maidens do not fts a- r'ui'o care for iionnilcss soldiers, Lady Ennismore,' answered Roche, with another laugh, and perhaps a little selc- consciousness that ho had not been without pretty young maidens to admire him even as ho was. ' No 1 must bo content, I suppose, to remain an old bachelor like my uncle. . While Roche was still speaking they met a lady on the narrow path on which tlioy were walking, who stopped nnd addressed Lady: Ennismore. ' I am glad to see that you have met the young ladies, Lady Ennismore,' she Bftid, ' 1 confess I was beginning to be a little uiieasy about Julia—I always am a liyl'o une&sy; witch she is alono with Mis*; DrWiUtinhcl —Miss, Dntmmdnd has' Stifcn very high spirits-. * T!i&y; are all right,' answered Lady Ennis more smiling. ' They met Mr. Curzon, whom I dare say you remember, Miss Sincliar—aud Mr. Roche.' Roche, ?s ho took off his hat, looked with somo interest in Miss Siiulair's face, who was the governess of Lady Emmmore's childrefr. An attractivo Wbhiah Was this P'v&Hi;&ss;, Caroline Sinclair. JTat: ih her first youth, not exatttly hAhdfe'onio either, but with a cer tain graBo bath about hor faco and her slim, slight figure which made up for absoluto beauty. Sho had a pensivo expression, and dark eyelashes and eyebrows, while hor hair was light. Her teeth were strong and whito and far apart from each other, and she had a profound (though veiled) self-ndmiratloli aii'd self-eonsoiousnessi -- ' Mr. CtirSoii 1' she repeated, after Lady Enntsttibro had spoken, to remember tho name. ' Do I recollcct him ? Lot mo see— was ho a slight, good-looking youth ?' Sho remembered him porfectly as she said this. Sho had flirted with Walter Curzon two years ago, but it did nob suit her to admit this now. Lady Ennismoro laughed. She know quite well that her governess remembered Mr. Curzon, for Lady Ennismoro knew her governess's character bettor than her gover ness supposed. Yet she only laughed, for sho noticed many of the weaknesses of those around hor only with a smile. Miss Sinclair thought herself very much cleverer thin Lady Ennismoro, and Lady Ennismoro was content that she should think so. There was I very little vanity about ono of these women, and an immense amount of vanity about tho other, but the vain ono was not the clever one. Lady Ennismoro's mind was larger, her intellect more acute, hor judgment- more sound, than hor governess's. But in ono thing Miss Sinclair had perhaps the advan tage. Her heart was coldor, and this spared her many a pang which wrung tho warm, proud, tender, sympathetic, Lady Ennismore. 'Hero is Mr. Curzon himself,' said Lady Ennismoro, still smiling, looking round at tho group of young people behind, who had now nearly approached them. ' Do you re member him now, Miss Sinclair ?' The governess looked at Mr. Curzon, and faintly smiled, while tho young soldior ad vanced with outstretched hand to greet her. 'How aro you, Miss Sinclair 1'ho said. •' It is a long timo since we mot—I am glad to seo you again.' ' I—I—was trying to remember you,1 said Miss Sinclair, ' when Lady Ennismoro men tioned just now that you wero hero. Ah—I think I do now—you used to play with the children, did you not, in the schoolroom at Ottorlov V ' Yes,' answered Curzon, turning very red; 'I used to play with the children.' And Miss Sinclair smiled gently, feeling with satisfaction that she had snubbed Mr. Cur 2011. CHAPTER VI. Love's Yorxc. Diieam. Had anyone askod Francis Roche what ho thought of Braekcnford during tiio next few days ho would probably have answered that it was the most delightful place in the whole Trorld, So tvfc least it seemed to him. Lady Ennls moro was fclio most charming woman ho hud ever mot, he h;ul told himself many times, and Lord Ennismore was tlio jolliest, tlie kindest, tllo Very best fellow he know. The Utmosphere of tlio whole house was ao genial and full of life that young people were parti cularly happy there. And moro than once, as the early November day closod in, Francis Roche had mot by chance among the dusky fir trees a bright-faced girl; herself the very incdrnation of youth, hope* n;id .hrtppinegs; This was Heleii Drummoild. Helen, had always walked about the grounds a great deal alone when sho stayed at Brackenford, and sho saw no reason why sho should not do so now. Somehow Francis Rocho had ' dis covered this. They had encountered cach other on a certain evening on ono of tho narrow paths among the hrsj Helen taking her usual-exercise before sh£ dressed for diniiet) and Rdclle dH'llis fofitt to tlio iiouae, having left tho sportsmen on tho hills somo what earlier than usual. Thoy ware very ploased to--meet each other. Tho cold misty air had brightened Helen's bright choeks, and Roche could just see the glad look in libr/eyesi and tl)b glad snylb bil Heir lijiS) iriifeu siib teoogiiiacd liiirii ' 1 lioVcr oipected to have the good luck to meet you at this hour,' said Roche, ' That is because you do not know my ways,' answered Helen smiling. ' This is my favorite hour, and nearly every'afternoon I have a walk in .the gloaming—a^—we north country people call it.''' '' : " . | ' And what does ,Miss Sinclair say V asked Roche, also stwling.' f 'lam not one of Miss Sinclair's pupils,' .said Helen. . 'She gives me [lessons.;in music sometimes,when Tam' kere,-ahcl that: is all— I don't like Miss Sinclair ! | Slip ia a gtaiiefUl iboking woman', ■ I think-. ' Yes, perhaps—but she's not true, not honest—I am certain .{.hit she is not.' t ' What decided opinions you have !' ; Holon laughed, a girl's bright, glad laugh. 'Of course, .T havo,'sho said. 'Iliko people immensely,' or I dislike them im menscly.' 'I hope ^tben your don't.dislike mo im-' mcnsoly ?' ' j Holen laughed again, and this time blushod a little, but it was,too dark for Roche to see hef .blush: ' May I turn with you ?' said itoche, tho nest minute,- too like this hour, and tho stillness, and tho mist, and tho gho3tly look of the fir trees. Bat are you not afraid, Miss Drummoiid, to be out in a lonely place like this without anyono to tako caro of you ? Are you not afraid of robbers .or ghosts 1' .'How'could-robbers'get into tho grounds?' said Helen, laughing, 'and as for ghosts, I'm sure they wont hurt me, for I never did any harm to anyone.' 'I believe that,' Baid Roche, fervently,and his tono and manner were pleasant to the young girl's heart. ' This Ttas tho fitst vviillc that illeso two young people took beneath tho dusky firs, but it was not the last. Beforo thoyparled on this first occasion Roche asked Holon- if she would moot him again to-morrow. ' We've had the jolliest walk,' lio said, as for a fow minutes they stood behind the wall of ono of Lady Eiinismoro's-conservatories beforo parting, ' the jolliest walk I over had in my wliola life, Miss Drummond—do you think you will como out at this timo to morrow!'. . , I neatly JihVays hare, a liim. out at - this hour,' answered Holen, lightly, ' but I must "0 ii) now—I want some tea buforo j dreras. Rocho followed Helen into Lady Ennis more's drawing-roova a few minutes'niter thia. Soma coyt\ti'y Visitbts iVet-'rj th&re; (iritiklhg ted, il'tid Hoieil was standing with her sealskin hat in her hand, talking in her usual bright animated way to these visitors. They wore the two maiden sisters of the Rev. Poter Prescott, rector of Mortonbury. The Rnv. Peter was a bachelor, and Miss Prescott and Miss Dorothy Prescott lived at the rectory-house, which was lialf-a-mile out of the little town. They were two elderly, faded ladies these, full of good woritsj but jealous withal of tli'eir reverend brother. Mortonbury was a good living, and Ptiter was simple about women his sisters said, so neither widow nor maid wa3 very welcome at tho rectory. They guarded Peter as jealously as the cat does her kittens.. Peter was on tho wrong side of forty certainly, but tho Misses Prescott know (perhaps from experience) the. detusmihntion of designing femalos in want of husbands. They therefore watched the rector with lynx-eyes. ' .. Tho Rev, Peter, indeed, was no doubt well-worth looking after in tho. way of matrimony. Tlio-mgor,v,Mijrtonfoitry was in tli.i gift of li great clucil house, and .while at co'lege Potor Proscott had ln»d ;thb good fortune to risk his own life one day in a very gallant and successful effort to save tho lifo of young Lord Algornon, who was the second son of the great ducal houso, and. who. woul'd pertainly liav'6 been drowned but^for^the bravery of Peter Proscott. Lord Algernon did not forget this. Potcr got his first curacy in a manufacturing town, and labored there in. his quiet 'and un olistrusive way for many years. Then, at the ago of ninety, old Mr. Moon, tho rector of Mortonbury, retired into the sparsely filled graveyard-of that town, where pp.oplo rarely die, except when hill of years. Upon this event occurring, Lord Algornon reminded his father, tho Duke, that if it had net been for Poter Prescott, the Duke would now have had no Becond son:, ,'J?he Duke nccordiii"l}r deflire'd the rK&rfry; of Mor tonWry; woitii 6'vor bfro thousand a year, to b'o ^reBe'ntcd to the Rev. Potor Prescott, who was still contentedly working among his knife-gri'iiilers. Had Peter suddenly beon elevated to the peerage ho could not have been more sur prised. Years and years had passed since he had fished Lord Algernon out of tho waters of the Cam, and ho had never seen him. Two brace of groUso )ia<,l certainly eVery year arrived jit the 'cHrat'e's humblo lodgings In Sheffield, with Lord Algernon's condiments, out I his was all. Peter used to smile to himself sometimes when ho got tho grouso, reroomboring tho whito agonised face of the young lord in his death- throes in tho river. But Peter made no sign and askod no favor. Lord Algernon had forgotten him ho supposed, and the Sheffield curate was a very humble-minded man) and wfts hoiibent thfit it sholiid bo so; Imagine then his utter surprise when tho Duke presented him with a living worth two thousand a year, and when he receivcl a kindly, well expressed, and grateful letter from Lord Algernon. 'Do not supposo,' wrote his Lordship, ' that I have* over for a moment forgotten your groat bravory, when at the risk of your own life, you undoubtedly saved mine. But I waited to toll you this, until something worthy of you fell out. They tell mo Mor tonbury is a good living, and (hat thero is a nice rectory-house attached. May you live in it long, my dear Prescott, and if the Pvector of Mortonbury will honor mo occa sionally with an invitation to visit him, nothing will give me greater pleasuro than to claNp once more tho honcBt hand which plucked me so gallantly from the grasp of death.' A tear dimmed Potcr Prescott's grey and serious eyes when ho 'read this leLtcr. Ho had boon unjust to this true-hearted gentle man, he was thinking, and to bo unjust was grievous to the soul of Poter. He sat down and wroto a few words to his noble friend— cold, even stiff words, perhaps; but had Lord Algernon seen him kneeling with his long, lank figure, and with his lean hands | clasped, whilo ho prayed in hearfolt accents that all blossings might fall on Lord Alger non's head, Lord Algernon would have understood hotter tho man's simplo and tendor naturo. As it w,19 Lord Algernon folt that ho had dono his duty and paid his life debt, and the Rev. Peter Preseott was congratulated on all sides. His parishioners presontcd him with an address and a silver salvor ; his vicar fawned upon him, and as for the vicar's daughter— well, Petor felt more at ease when ho saw the last of Sheffield. But he went away with the goodwill of all men. Women had scarcely looked at him. He was poor, ho was lean, ho was ugly ; therefore what charms had ho in the eyes of women? They mostly look to tho husk and not to tho good grain within. But if he had no lovers among them had he no enemies. 'He was a good creature,' they said, and none of them hid heard the story of his having saved Lord Algornon until the un expected gift of the rich living told tho tale. But if this gift gratified the simple kindly heart of Peter, words cannot describe how it grafcifiod and delighted tho somewhat nar row and 1souredv hearts of his two maidon , sisters. ; These ladies wore then living togother in a small country town, in a poor, little house, where their father; the lute Rev. Peter Pres sott, had boon perpetual curate over forty years. They woro leading only a very meagro and struggling existence, though their brother, the curato at Sheffield, invariably contrived to spare them fifty pounds a year out of his own scanty income. For the rest they kept a day school for young ladies, but young ladies did not< flock in any orerpoworing numbers to tho Misses Prescotfc'o establish ment. When thMrufdre ono nloi'ning there ar rived a letter with the Sheffield pout-Mark - from Peter to tell his sisters tho good and unexpected ;news of his promotion, these poor ladio3 were ilmosfc orer como with joy. Dorothy, who had a tendency to heart disease, nearly fainted ; but contrived nevertheless to road to the end of the letter first before sho gave in.' 'Jliia letter hot bnlf contained, th^ news of the liev Peter fi ilpJJoiu {.rrleli t h tiiti TlUctofy eff Mortonbury,' but it contained also a kindly and generously-worded ofl'er to his two poor sisters of a homo at the new rectory-house. ' They tell mo it is a pretty healthy place,' wrote the kind Peter, ' and I trust, my dear sistotsi tllat fidtilp hajjpy days of rest are now iitifdrb j-oiii niid that ydti rnll bqtH.livo ,lotig to onjoy tncin. GJivc lit) yolir' Iittiti aiihb'yij of course, at onco, and come to Mortonbury as soon as ycu can. I enploso a cheque for accidental expenses and so' on. The cheque was for fifty pounds, and the hearts of the Misses Preseott were greatly uplifted. Ttiey who had such sombre grey tinted lives, found themselves suddenly, in an . atmosphere of sunshine, prosperity and flattery. They held their meagre necks, higher, than their wont,' and walked with proud and elated, footsteps during the rest of their stay lit tiib littlu country town, where often and often thoy had had such a llai'd pinch for daily bread. Then they sold their scanty furniture, and went to live at the rectory-house at Mortonbury. " j They found it to be a 'place fit for tho residence of tho highest gentleman in tho land,' Miss Dorothy wroto to ono of her old •.friends in the little country town whero they had kept the school. Old Sir. Moon (the late; "rector) had been a man of tnste and of wealth, and there were conservatories and vinoriesat Mortonbury, mid flower-beds glowing in all tho beauty and glory of summer, when the two faded siBters arrived there, just when tho evening sun was setting over the grand groy hills in the background. It seemod scarcely real at first this gfeflt change, and then little by little the Misses Proscott got accustomed to their new position, and settled down in their comfortable homo. The butcher came for orders,and they almost forgot tho time when they could scarcely get credit for the end of a neck of mutton ! Yet, perhaps,it was the memory of tho 'hard times' long ago, that made them watch their brothor so jealously ifan unwodded woman approached the roctory. At all events they did watch-him. When 'Helen Drummoml and Francis Roche went into Lady Ennismoro's dramhg-rodiii and found them drinking tea there, Uio .Misses Prescott were both thinking of their brother, and thinking of him with some uneasiness. Tho cause of this uneasiness was that the Auv. Peter Prescott had been seen a day or two beforo talking in the main sfcreetof Mor Umbury to Miss Sinclair, Lady Ennismove's governess. Thus, tho Misse3 Prescott felt uneasy, and their visit on this occasion to IiiVdy JEmiiamore was caused by this fooling. 1 And- your daughters, Lady Eihiisiiitii'o,' Misa Dorothy was saying just ns Francis. Hwhc entered tho room, 'I hope they are well 7 ' Quite well,.' answered Lady Ennismore, coUr.teQlialf. » ■ ? ' • ; -j i ;• ' And—and,' continued Miss Dorothy Tutu a little hesitation; ' have you still the same young person to overlook their studies that you formerly had 1' ' Miss Sinclair ? Oh, yes,' said Lady Ennis moresmiling,for the Misses Prescott'sanxiety about their brother was well-known in the place. - ' Miss Sinclair !' said Helen Drummono in har bright frank way ; ' Oh ! she's quite an het-e;, Miss Doj-othv. Do you think her very nandsotne 7 All gfeiitlbiii.en think her so handsome, don't they Mr. Roche, and so graceful looking ?' J^Rocho laughed, for ho saw the girl was j amusing herself. _ | ' Of rourso I admire her,' he said. I 'I see' nothing inhor to admire,1 said j Miss Dorothy tartly, forgetting that a moment beforo she had protended she scarcely knew whether Miss Sinclair was "at Brackenford or nob. At this moment Miss Sinclair, and Julia I atld Maud Binnl"1"' j ' ' I could not get the siik matched in the ! village, Lady Ennismore,' said Miss Sinclair, alluding to some filk for Lady Ennismore'a embroidery. ' But if you wish it, I can write for,it to town this evening 1' ' Thaiik yotil' siiiii Jltitly EHnistiioto, ' I don't .know,' sho added, ' whether you know; t'lso ladies, Miss Sinclair? Miss Prescott, I Miss Sinclair—Miss Dorothy Prescott.' Tho three Indies bowed at this introduction —tho Misses Prescott voro stiffly, Miss Sin ,clair very graciously. ' I have not had tho pleasure of meeting you before,' said Miss Sinclair, in lier calm, lady-like way, ' but I know your brother, tho rector, very well—wo have just met him.' 1 Audacious hussy,' thought Miss Dorothy, and sho pave an audiblo grunt of disapproval and moved uneasily on her chain ' £to g'aVe lis BiicH h. feehUtifiil .ebrWoii jjn Sunday,' continued Miss Sinclair. 1 Ho seems to understand tho human heart so we!!,' An amused smilo quivcrod for a moment over Lady Ennismore's lips at these words. Sho was cleverer than her governess ; and Miss Sinclair's own feelings wero too blunt quickly to understand the feelings of others. ' My brother is no fool,' answered MiBs Dorothy; ' lie is not ieRsilj' taken in.' ' No, indeed, I should think not,' said Miss Sinclair with a calm, lady-like superi ority of tone to Mis» Dorothy's quick irate words, for tho poor jealous sister's uneasiness was beginning to dawn on the governess s mind. ' But clergymen must bo so greatly tried. I daresay people often go to him and protend to bo poor, and nil that-kind of thing, just to get money ? And it mtist ho so hard to refuso an appeal of any kind, don't you think so, Lady. Ennismore V ' My good friend, Mr. Prescott would j not, I am suro, liko to refuse anyone, said Lady Ennismore. 1 But ho can soo through people,' said Miss Dorothy, with surprising bitterness of accent, and then sho suddenly paused, for tho Rev. Peter Prescott and Lord Ennismore at this irstant actually walked into the room. ' Well, Miss Dorothy, and who is it that can see through people ?' said the gonial lord, advancing with outstretched hand to the Rector's sister. ' Were you talking about me, when I'vo got my bran new glasses on V And Lord Ennismore gave his hearty laugh. 'Miss. Prescott was speaking of her brother,' said Miss Sinclair, in her soft, even toned voice. ' She was saying that Mr. Prescott' (and Miss Sinclair smiled at Mr. Proscott as sho said thoso words) ' is not. only takon in by puoplo who try to deludo him.' • All, my friend !' siid Lord Ennismore, laying his big brown hand on the Rector's lean shoulder, ' you wait till some pretty young woman tries to delude you, and thon wo'll seo whethor you're oasily taken in or not ! We're all the same, Prescott,' ho added, and again his jovial laugh rang through the room, 1 women can make fools of us juefc whenovcr it pleases them !' Tho Rov. Rector of Mortonbuvy blushed from bashfulnoss as Lord Ennnismoro said this, and Miss Dorothy Prescott from rage. ' That's a strango thing to say, I think, Lord Ennismoro,' she said. 1 What, that women can mako fools of us ! Ah, my dear lady, I'vo no doubt if you would tell us tho truth that you have boon at Eve's work yourself before now !' And again , Lord Ennismoro laughed. This compliment rathor mollified Miss Dorothy, liufc still slio felt that it was her duty to go. ' Martha,' she said, looking at her elder sister and gathering hoc various and many tinted wraps togother, 'it is time wo wero moving—Peter, you will sec us home V Once moro Peter blushed. ' 1 havo promised to—all—dine with Lord Ennismoro,' he said. Miss Dorothy gave a nervous shiver. ' You had better see us home, Peter,' she repeated. ' Nonsonse, nonsense,' said Lord Ennis moro. ' Stay and dine with us yourself, Bliss Dorothy.' ' It is impossible,'Jrcplied Miss Dorothy, thinking of her dress. ' Thou I'll sea you homo myself,' answered the genial Irishman. ' You wouldn't take a young man like my friend tho Recto* Jiere away from .ill theso charming young ladies t No, no, come along, Miss Dorothy, I'll seo you safoly home.' Miss Dorothy gasped twice, and then yielded. It Wfis dangerous to lenvo Peter, but it was something to be eacortcd home by a lord, and so Miss Dorothy yielded. As Miss Dorothy and her sister quitted the room, the Rector sat meekly doyrn on a chair, feeling exceedingly foolis!). He had scarcely dono so, when ho found Miss Sinclair sitting next him. ' I was just telling your sister,' she said, 1 ho# cliiirrried I wns with yourjsermon on Sunday—you understand thti human heart so well, Mr. Prescott.' For the third time since he hud entered the room, the Rov. Peter blushod. 11—I— try to get along,' ho said. ' 1 You know everything, I think,' said Miss Sinclair, modestly. ' You are indeed gifted.' . Peter grasped the 'arm of his chair., He' felt powerless while this glib- tongued woman kept n'liispctitist her flatteries in his ear. (to be ConiiriUtdi) 