A GHOST IN A PALACE. If I were to tell my friends and acquain tances of this practical age that I lived for somo years in a puhce at my esse, had free right to wander over its magnificent apart ments, to disport myself in its tennis courts and pleasure grounds, with vassals — or, rather, a vassal — at my side, tbey would wink, shake their knowiog heads, and probably ask mo if I had started a nev edition of 44 fftiry i-do?." Bur sucb is, nevertheless, a fact. 1 not only lived in h palace, bat drew my br»t breath, and opeond my round and probably wondering nyo upon hrcue« of past glorio le s word, 1 was lairn in » wing of the oelebreted palace, standing on the rivr TVcnmim, at Norwich, owned bylbcrcijowiied but ill-fated Duke of Norfolk, who went tr» his grave without hia bead for attempting to establish the power of the no less ill-fated Lady Jane Grey. Mot&ulay; grows eloquent in describing the building. He speaks of ito splendour, bow the drinking Teasels were of gold, and the commoner kinds of sterling silver. He also informs the reader that Italian artiste were employed t-o decorate the panels with boautifiJ pictures, and that 44 "Duke's Palace " was the finest town bouse out of London. With regard to the gold and r vucseh, I can say nothing, as 1 nev«r aw noy, or heard of any being found. jSJ y 4 ' christening mug," I fear, was nothing better than electro plate, and that of a third-cla- quality, for we were a "poor lot but I can epesfe as to the works of the Italian masters. On tee landings — on some <-f which a '-ouch ;rau '.our might havo stood eorafortaUy — the piiuels bore traces of byegone art. My father followed the craft of a gold beater, and over a i-arvod porch was suspended the insignia of hia calling — a brazen arm, with a mallet poised aloft in the clenched fist. Wa kertt cu« servant 'my vassal), named Matilda JJodgos. a damsel who borrowed old- style book from the circulating library, and went to bed replete with horrors v-ry night. Occasionally 1 would creep dowti the kitchen— it had been asercante' hall it lornier days— to give Matilda a n.-are. The scene ia plain .'nougb beLfe me now. A small table —which looked a? if it bud lost it way, and wandered into the crypt of a <'hur --h — a guttering candle, and a small fire in a grate at which a -heep miirbt have been routed. J I'oor Matilda ' My parents irade L-t a 1 comfortable as circumstances would ullow, j but I Lave often wondered that amid th< j gloom and shadows of that dismal region she did not conjure up plenty of ghosts without the aid of " The Ccatie of Ontario'' and 44 The Sven Footsteps in the Dungeon." Whenever I announced my presence with a goblin-like rhe circulating library suffered. One portion of it went clean over her head, detrimental to its binding and general arrangement, and Matilda, who wae, perhaps, absorbed in a thrilling episode, would turn very white, and utter strange eo.inds in her throat suggestive of the ener getic winding-up of the kitoheu clock. But she forgave me almost immediately. The girl loved me. She had held me in hor arms as e baby, put up with my childish ways, petted and tpoiit me, and I believe that she would have irot up in the middle ot' a winter's oight and trudged on her bare feet ten mike over a stony road to do me a service. One night— 1 think it was in the middle of October— a mighty storm of wind andrain swept over the ancient city. The gale howled and shrieked like a pack of fiends let loose upon a tortured world. Windows rattled, signboards creaked, huge stacks of chimneys rocked, and every now and then came a crash telling of destruction of pro perty, and perhaps injury to limb and life. My fattier was at work in a room at tbe top of the house, bat he oould stand it no longer He came downstairs, looking very pale, and said that the air was fall of sounds saoh as he had never heard before, the flutter ing of thousands of huge wings, hoarse, un earthly dries, and oooosionally a loud thud, aa if something-had fallen from the eloude. My .grandmother, who resided -with us at the time referred him at once, to Banyan's " Holy war," and to improve the occasion, fished th&t; mostexoellent bookfyom a hook - caseload began toxead fraDitnsl .flokaa tones as though nhe - were refreshings oar -memories with the Berriee forithe Burial of thaDead. Not far drbmour house — palace, I should say — was the ancient church of St. Mary-in- . ihe-Mairik, snd abovethe storm we thought we oonld hear the booming of the big bell from titae to time. "Heaven preserve us ?" said my father, who was paemg the room lite a caged tiger 44 We shall -hove the bouse duwn about our ears presently?' ' "It is judgment on the wicked," re- apondsd my grandmother 44 Woe to the unrighteous !" Thtft was rather an unkind thing for a mother to fay to her son, who charged her not for board and lodging ; but my fattier passed it over, and observing that fright was driving me fast to the borders of idiocy, eat at my side -snd epoke words of enooorage- xnenttome. Hs told me that such conflicts of the ele ments were all sent to fulfil the laws laid down at tbe Creation, and without them the air would become eofull of imparities that we could not live. 44 lightning kills blioht and clears the at mosphere," he was saying, when the room beame filled witb a hoxrid. quivering glare of steel blue, and the next instant a terrific peal of thunder drowned the voice of the hurrioane. » J oacnot sit bare and know that Matilda is alone," cried any mother, . starting np. 44 Matilda ! Ghli Matilda, oome up here and sit with us." Matilda oahie up very slowly. She was trembling in every nerve, and her face was as .white as if it had been bleached and powdered . with Chinese flake afterwards. My mother gave her a few teaspoonfols of brandy, carefully boarded and kept ooly for ! medicinal purpoees, and Matilda, after throw ing her apron over her head, and giving vent to a few spasmodic sobs, was able to speak. 44 Oh, tnarm," she said, 44 this is more than a storm. The ooals and cinders flew ont of the grate just now just as if somebody had caught them up in their hands. And then down the ehimbley — oh, good gracious me !— I heard sounds like people fighting and cursing" 4 4 A judgment onthe wicked rify," declared my grandmother. 44 Well, I have led a good life, and I am prepared to go.'! 44 That most console you immensely," said my fattier, testily. 44 What nonsense is this r I wu wrong to mention anything about strange sounds. Of ooorse there would be no end to them in such a storm as this. There, there ! tbe wind is dropping, and the storm clouds are rolling away. ' ' I really believe that my grandmother felt disappointed at this satisfactory state of affairs, and that she would have liked at least one gable of the house to oome down with a rattle, but whether -she wo old have oared to be under it is another qoestion. The storm passed away, and then tbe streets and courts became full of people. Hen and women shook hands with each other, as we are told they did at the oessatton of the Great Plague of London ; but on returning home I wu rather surprised at hearing my grandmother, who had been dooming the city to destruction, ask my father to sing, 44 All round my hat I wear a green willow"— a song then much in vogue. But my father wu in no mood for singing. He ordered me to bed, and I started on the dark jontney up stairs, and finally found myself is my accustomed bedroom. It contained no l6as than five windows, with diamond -shaped panes, each being opened with an iron bar drilled with holes, to be fitted to a peg as occasion demanded. Our forefathers, we are told, were heavy drinkers, and in one respect I am oertain they were fond of draughts. When those windows were partly open, it wu a fight between oold in the head and oonetitution, and the former generally gained the mastery. There were tall cupboards, too, in that room, in which men six feet high could have stood upright without fear of knooking their heads, and huge beams, suoh as would make a "jerry builder" of to-day stare, crossing the ceding. My little .bed .stood , near the door-r-a masflve oak aShir fitted with an iron latch, Jocuily ttiuied a 4 snatch"— and many a night when the moonbeams played at hide- and-seek with the shadows 01 the ivy, I have tain and wondered what sort of people 00- rupied that room when the onte and Iris friende quailed stok and canary out o: golden irobletp. At th« tira-j oi whioh I am writing 1 was just sixteen y-rar of ago, strong, healthy, and 10 sowin.- r-uperatitious. To rive iu eu'rii a place, where at night strange noises are aa plentiful as gteon gouaoberriw at lidu, takes &D; the ghost nonsense nat o£ I blep". "nd dreamed as peacefully sb any voath in :i modern villa with a policeman of point duty a', tbe co'ner of the road. The storm had tried ray nerve-, and in- stead of f-rtting nail for the harbour of Sbadiwlauil a iVw minutes afte1 c-riog <ra board, s- wji- my w-aa! (.untom, I wide aaak'. J heard the clo'.kof .St. Msry- iu-th -Marsh strike teu, eleven, aud twelve, but there I lay htariDg at the oeiling, or, rather, <0 ib j direction of it, for the uigbt was as blar-k pitch, and listening to the fretful sighing of the wind, wh»«h teem id 10 "lined to tune rp egain on tb» slichtee! provocation. Now, a -'oepJc-PN I r is « rai-civ to hiin- rflf. I t)<rc-jd T.iii- ;:y :o"! rVie.i :ba: 3 rubbed my m»s« it wo- fcoi-.-, and pj"od nr.y hair until th<\- v» y piir< the vp ration bought u-ar itvo D.v eye" but Morpheus v? si- unkind, u id J iit-i an 'h- "Lirif4 prj. iaimcd h. If-pa-: twelve. 1 Lhv,-«2 : ludwhi'h renai&ly; did not bekmc ' "li" wrad. iJ was the pattr- !cg oi' m-si ;.\r i: jai ray room, and ti e owner ni tV.» fret wa singing. It wd' not sucb xoelody ft1- f-..n ordinary pera ra vo&ld; indulge in, bj? «. w .':dki&c; d craning, with no time or t::c. .c but t»;xjlcned note-, then short gas', atd thou long- drawn, mournful sobh. I had more hur 101 my h-a l than i have now — u fret 01 will' (1 1 am often reminded by an i-xaperatiug io irdrr who, "writ?: a sirillintr's wrrth >' I'-ai, - »ud waver, hti sulphur, implore- tj»- i,;<. i bi ' tbra <tt tb-. top." WVJ, 1 ft!? rav yoa:L: \ ! ?: r!-»r z .'3 utter. Kv.ryA.vq o: : . .-or. - my vi.l-? t'DL'Ied, . then r .agea 44 . J wa- ''oni-oiius that 1 wa- y r-uT. bat 1 WJi- tOOCUe-tUM. .? J iple4- ae if <-htii&tid; bar.d and f '»<'. .vmu- irJy re action in. I i»:ped tr,n. ray b» i. t.'ircw open tfc" <W-r, ar.c ia:cted ; frr tn're. with'U a 'few pa;<"> r.i n jr. s'&lking; d-wn th corridor, wa- s wlr'f l:. ar» — prit.". horrible, -nd di.-;in : .& relief tfo :-t-lir.- darknoMJ 1 I awn.' , ro'.d and Rh'.vering, and jrawlel Laek to bed jus: a dawc broke. My father wae an early riser, and a soon as 1 knew tli&t; he was aboat. I went to him and stated what I had seeo and heard. He reasoned with me. argued with me, and rebuked me, but all in vain. 44 You were dreaming," be aaid, dismissing- me with an impatient sweep of hit- strong arm Don't say anything of this oat side, &e; people will call my eon a coward." But it so happened that my grandmother, who slept somewhere in 44 the parish," as the lioa&e; was facetiously termed at times, joined me in the ghor seeing line. On the following night she was roused from her righteous lumbers by light footfalls and 6;nging. "First," explained tbe old ladv, 4' I thought that somebody was singing a hymn, but as I listened I made sure that the voice belonged to some unholy spirit, and unholy spirits are not given to singing hymns Well, my dears, I opened the door and peeped ont, and there — Stars above ! if ever a women saw a ghost, I am that unfortunate women.1' My father grew perplexed, bat at the same time he waoinclined to treat the matter in a satirical manner, 44 Perhaps," said he, <( the ghost dropped down one cf the chimneys during the storm. , If so, poor thing, we must lay a trap to catch it, but we must use it very gently. I should , suggest a glass case, where it would look weR , on the parlour table." J It was a dreadful thing to live in. ahausbed house. 1 begged to have my bedmomi changed, . and my request .was griurtefiy Grandmother burnt a light all night, laid m a stock of texts to mghten the ngfiflgfll sprit away, and, strafigefy anbag|jg jnarted. BptpaWtefSan, One night my fietber opened the door tVv my room, and woia» » style as notto aaee me alarm , Get up and dreeayoureelf," Jie J want yon todottewfth me" . ; „ . "whereto?" Inked, nefiiniRj smnfijrTi ' as I vnbbed my eyee. , :- "Over the house, be replied. Sbm6- body is playing the too! here. Now, as -there ware-only five of na to play the fool, the question was, who oonld it be? Not my grandmother, jpho was snoring .as.., loudly as if she had not been to bed foe. a . .. month ; not my mother ; and aa for the faith ful and gentle Matilda, she was the dart creature on earth to play practical jokes . 1 Ihaveseaueomrthiug, and I have heard something," my fattier raid 44 Was— was it all In white f" I faltered. 44 It znlght have been olothed In vririte, or grey, or striped," my father replied ; " but it had ceftaanlysometblng white on its head . fkom the region of the kitchen came strange rounds. The fender, fire-irons, , and tables seemed to be holding carnival, -for they were moving about one after the ether. Then the traps, eanoera, and dishes began to rattle about ; and than somebody (and we oould tear the words as ire crept lower down), began singing : Six dap1 1 work with all my might To k sep tbe pots anC kettles bright, But I will have my Sunday. 14 Why— why"— " Don't speak," said father, interrupting me, in a whisper. 44 Follow me." 1 Down the stairs we stole, my fattier shad ing with his hand tbe candle he had brought, until we reached the kitchen. And there was Matilda, in a neat print dress, cap, apron, sound asleep, and going through & semblance of her work as oheerlully as pos sible She made no mistake, no slip ; everything went off in apple-pie order — at least, up- . parently to her mind— for, after giving a vacant stare round the plaoe, she swept lightly paet us, and went straight to her own room. Early tbe next morning my father did the wisest possible thiog He sent for a doctor, who, 000 eluding that the oiroulating library had proved alittle toomach forMafild&'sbr&ui;, advirod tbe 44 cold water cure." That night when Matilda was fast asleep, my mother placed on each side of tbe bed two batti towels steeped in water. Whether Matilda in her asleep stood and pondered on this dampness of the weather I cannot say, hut ; she did not disturb the household, and was .affected the next day with what she wae pleased to call 44 the snaffiei." The 41 cold-water cure" was repented for several nights, bat it was soon dispensed with. Matilda did-her work at the proper time, and we never had another ghost in the d&Iaoo.;— Weekly Budget, 