A illlpiiimiiuD KdyililNuCi ' (A DRAMATIC STORY). ? « ? By Tine Author ov 'fetiKA..' CiiAi-Ti:n XL1V. THE OHOhT-IIAUSTHD CHAJIUKIt. The grealost pang was lite reflection, which no argument-, of Adela's could master, lliat her own imprudence in exposing it to 1 lie night- air had killed it. Argtie, plead to her reason as she would while pointing to the frail being, Adela's words conld find no echo in Onii's breast. She suffered',' and the \uirst sign in sorrow was, that her tears were dried, her words of regret silent too. She' suffered, and was still. Adda kept her in her oVvn room. Dray ton bad never approached her since the night they had found her in the haunted room. Omihndnot oven asked for her mother. Since her child died, she had no one for whom to claim pro tection ; heivi'lf she could not protect. Adela told her Mrs. Drayton was dead. She hoped it might ronso bur. ' Poor niammn,' was the response. ? She is gone, then, also.' There were a few moments' silence, and then an ciger, almost jealous look, shot from her sad eyed, as she wondered whether they — her mother and her child — would meet, and, in tho insciutable laws of heaven, know' one another as kindred ? Strange and thoughtful words fell from her — alarming ones to Adela, who had only known her as the gayest, most laughter-loving girl at Langley House. W' rt a din Cmintr ttinrl 9 ZSTo. It was only trial and suffering (like ardent heat ripening fruit), bringing her mind to reasoning and thought. And, perfected, what would be the channel into which it would turn ? Could she quietly repose, as heiress of that great place, satisfied with' the idol worship of wealth, throwing a mantle o\er error ? Or would she settle down, stein and cold, doing-good, because she had wherewith to do it — obtaining a good name, which she would feel she might better have deserved ? Or worldliness and vanity — would they claim Jier ? No. All -gone — mother, brother, Cyrus, and child. For her there was only peace in activity of mind and fatigue of body. There are no greater blessings than these in sorrow, but most courageous the woman who can accept them, with wealth, or even competency at' command. What her thoughts were Adela, in vain, strove to ascertain. Nothing was said of the future, until her child was laid in its midnight and iinsanctified grave, a still-born to the church on cart]), which disclaimed it. Adela had written at once to Hampton, who arrived, to the no small diitastc of Drayton, though Adula, as a -\is- itor, apologized for the liberty she had taken, in inviting one who best knew how to persuade Omi. Di nylon was disposed to put foward his own claims ; but, unhappily for him Omi would he of age in a few months so that it would scarcely have been politic to have enforced anything now. Possibly, by temporizing, he might win her con fidence, and remain at Merelands with a 'father's right, to shield her from' other wise inevitable slander. But when something of tin's dropped from him, Omi looked full in his i'ace, and asked, why, with so many rooms to choose amongst, her mother had been left to die, a prisoner, in that colcl chamber where she had last seen her. ; Drayton endeavcured to explain that it had -been his beloved wife's choice. Omi turned away. With him, the tacit murderer of mother and 'brother, she would barter no words. ' A mystery she came, a mystery she lived in that amazed household. Had she ueen iieseneo. uy.iieriiiisunnci ; it so, wny was she called Miss Devereux ? Surely the heiress ofMerolnndsMuidnot bi ought an illegitimate child home? Impossible! It was a case into whicl^no one could penetrate, and so the pale, silent woman walked among her own, a closed book to all. ; It will not be supposed that so kind a man as Uampton had been inactive all this time. lie wrote at once to Cyrus, detailing the whole sad affair, once more appealing, both in his own and- Adela's name, authorized by her, to his manly, honorable feelings, in Omi's behalf. : The leply came when Hampton had returned home, It expressed 'regret for (ill Omi had undergone. ' But,' said tho ma'n-'who had deliberately led her to error, ' we cannot commit faults against the'laws of society, without enduring a penalty. Omi has done worse .than most girls. I pit}', her hut cannot sacrifice myself.' i Tlwn followed loud praise of Adela, in tho part sho had played of forgive ness. Did his vain heart suppose she was the martyr ho wished to think her to a nassion for himself ? If so. never was man more deceived. A woman like Adela could never love a man wanting in , honour, generosity, and gratitude — the three interlaced graces of manhood. Again Adela addressed her husband, through her lawyer, begging for a reply, yet not in tho pleading terms of tho previous ones. Much as she loved him, conscious innocence began to arouse indignation af his prolonged obstinacy and absence. Fear oE possible con sequences had begun to fade away. [ Cjiai'Tmb XLV. ' NOHDEUED AMONG. THE DKAD. ] Surely, ? among tho deadly sins nmnbcrcdBcren, ; an eighth, might well and advisedly have been added — jealousy : deadly, in its consequences, upon, tho mind— deadly in the bitter fruit it showers down upon others. Selfsupply ing it lives upon its own unfounded, ungrounded imaginings ; like the serpent, it carries its own poison — an emanation from itself, gathering as it goes. \To be continued.) 