MYSTERY^F^THE ABBEY. CHAPTER L. It had been the custom, from time immemorial, for the Mowbray family to bury their dead at night. An interment Jby torch-light is far more solemn and affecting than in the broad glare of day—when the bustle of life seems to mock, as it were, by its contrast, the cold voicelesB dead. The sublime words of the service are far more impressive heard in the dimly-lighted aislea the mcurnera, like unearthly shadows, standing round the grave. The funeral ot Sir William, although intended to be strictly private, was honored by the tears of the poor, to whom be had been a generous benefactor; by the presence of his numerous tenantry, who had long lived upon his lands, and found in him an indulgent landlord ; not one voice was raised to accuse him of oppression; the regret was sincere — the spontaneous homage of gratitude to benevolence and virtue. The ceremony was stripped of much of its pomp by the absence of the plumed hearse and trappings, for the proximity of the church to the park rendered them unnecessary. The coffin was borne upon the steady shoulders of twelve yeoman to the grave, and was followed by Colonel Mowbray, and several of the neighboring gentry and magistrates, anxious to pay the last tribute of respect to the deceased. Ac the procession advanced along the avenue, preceeded by mutes with torches, many a sincere prayer was breathed for the repose of the murdered baronet, and imprecations on the head of his unknown assassin. Amongst the mourners, the grief of the aged domestics of Carrow Abbey was not the least sincere. Dr. Orme and several of the neighboring clergy walked at the head of the corpse. At the upper end of the avenue was a massive oak, known by the name of the Mowbray Tree; tradition BBsigned it an antiquity as remote as the founder of the family, by whom it was said to have been planted; certain it is that it had withstood the storms and blasts of centuries; although the gnarled trunk was seared by the lightning, the boughs were green as in the days of its youth. Half-crouching beneath its shade was a tall, rough-looking man, who seemed a prey . lo the deepest emotion; yet it was not sorrow which caused his lips to quiver and his eyes to roll so fearfully as the corpse of the murdered man was slowly borne towards the spot where he waB standing—the sting of remorse was at his heart, but not the pang of grief. It was the warrener. Like most men of strong passions who have at last gratified their long meditated schemeB of hatred and revenge, a fearful reaction had followed the accomplishment of his purpose-; a vague terror had seized upon his soul; ho started and tumbled at the sound of his own footfall—it seemed to his excited imagination that the slow but unerring step of justice was upon his track. " Gold," he murmured, " and the demon of revenge have been my ruin! Like a fool, I have but changed the nature of my torments—the thirst of hate has given place to the nameless terror which follows the murderer's threats—in the rustling of the leaves above me, the whisperings of the winds, I hear a voice accusing me of murder! Heaven 1" he added, clasping his hands despairingly, " shall I never sleep in peace again V' There the wretched man stood, wringing them and 6waying his body to and fro by the Mowbray Oak. At every sound of the bell of the church, which boomeel heavily upon the air, he started afreBh and trembled. Suddenly a firm grasp was laid upon his shoulder—the heart ot the assassin beat wildly as he exclaimed: Found—found at last 1" " Found!" repeated a voice; " who has been looking for or thinking of the like of thee?" The speaker was no other than our reader's old acquaintance, Joe Beans, who, being too late to attend the funeral, had cut across the park, and came thus unexpectedly upon the warrener. " Were you seeking me ?" demanded the ruffian. "Seeking thee 1" said Joe, eyeing"him half-curiously and half suspiciously. "No, no I What should I seek thee for ?" Will Sideler stammered out something about having been dismissed by the baronet from his office, and his fear of being takes as a' . . . " Indeedf'said the rustic j " little fear y of that, I should think 1" p ./' But I bote him no ill-will," continued the fellow; " he was once a good and kind master to me, poor gentleman, till his wits wandered ! I couldn't resist the desire of a seeing the last of him 3" m " Wits wandered3" repeated the young man; " who told thee that tale ?" " It's well known that he wor mad t" answered Sideier; " else he had never laid hands upon himself I" " It's a lie !" exclaimed Joe, indignantly; " a burning, shatoeful lie! and I am surprised that you, who have eaten his bread, arenot ashamed to repeat it—in the sight of his corpse too! The doctors said it wor murder—the crowner's quest gave it in as murder—-all but Lawyer Impey, and he would swear anything 2" " Murder!" repeated the warrener, with a shudder which be vainly tried to sup* press; " I can't believe it 1" " But thee will believe it 1" " When r* " When justice has laid her grasp upon the murderer, and condemned him to swing for his cruel work!" answered Joe Beans'; " if I oouid lay my hands upon him," he added, " I would not wait for the law or judge!" " Why, what wouldst thee do i" demanded Sideier. . ' V Crack .his loins across my knee," bluntly replied the honest rustic, " with as little remorse &b; thee would break the neck of a rabbit; though perhaps it might not be the wisest plan I" he continued, after a little reflection; " it wor too good for such a villain t Noa! he deserves to hang—to see the thousands and thousands of faces turned in scorn towards him as ho mounts the scaffold—to heat the death-bell numbering the brief remaining minutes of his existence—feel the grasp of the hangman upon his throat—the pressure ot the cord —and as thecap is pulled over his despair ing eyea, and the world, with its light and sunshine, its green fields and flowers, shut from his gaze for ever, see only the-pals features of his victim, ready to accuse'him at the ljudgment seat of Heaven^! That would be the murderer's fitting punish menM" , : As tthe speaker proceeded, the countenance of the warrener became fearfully convulsed, the mascleHofhisthroat swelled till they almost,chpked(him, as ,if ; the fearful hand of the executioner had already grasped, it; drops of cold perspiration trickled down his .features, and his hair bristled and rose with the intense agony of terror, " Why, what ails thee, man ?" demanded the astonished Joe; "one would think that thee hadst Seen a.ghost 3" With a yell so wild and unearthly that soared, the raven irom the bough, and the night-bird in its flight, "Will Sideier rushed £rpm the spot, and darting into one of the plantations, was lost to sight. "Mad!" exclaimed the yonn^ -man; « clean mad 1" '.' Ay J" observed a deBp and solemn voice near him; " the madness of the conscience seared by the lightning of remorse and terror l" ; Joe looked up and recognised the Khan. He hadjjroowa him only as the friend of Henry Asbton's rival, Mearan HafsE, and he regarded him with suspicion. « Possibly, sir," he said, " possibly 1 Bat I know nought about it!" Turning nponhis heel he was about to leave,'in order to follow the procession, whichby this time had passed the spot, whenthevoiceof the renegade restrained him. f' •" Stay I" he said, " I have use for you J" ** Formel" " A service you will bB proud to undertake r r : . " Thank yon, sir," said the rustic coldly; •Vbnt I,-have one already, and do not requirg a second 1" "Fool 1" said the Khan; "the service I allude to is of the heart—not the hands; thoughboth,perchance,mayfindtheicuBe!" Tixing his eyes upon him with a searching mtiH&'i love Henry rAshton ?" T M Lore him I" repeated' the astonished Joe;" ay,as my own soulj-and better,.for Aught I taaow—fnr I never thought half so much about it BBI do about him I But; yon are joking!" he continued, eyeing the Tenegadfei suspiciouslyor trying to deceive me I It won't do; my head may be thick, Ssout dame sometimes says, but then I have my heart to guide me." " This |s neither the time nor place for explanation." observed the Khan; "my purpose isfriendly to your young master, I fbocrtd, not have Bought you, Cap, ou name any spot where we may converse 1 rivately?" " A hundred 3" said the young man. " Oae will do," resumed the speaker; " only remember that it must be private; word overheard, or incautiously repeated, defeat my wish to save young Ashton." " You are not fearsome, are you t" demanded Joe, impressed by his earnestness of manner, as well as the kindness of the tone in which he spoke. I fear nothing," replied the Khan, "except the evil suggestions of my own heart!" " And they, I have heard persons say, are our greatest enemies," observed the rustic. The renegade replied only by a deepdrawn sigh. " I have it3" said Joe. " Long Bill, as we call the sexton, lives in the cottage at the entrance to the churchyard. I have often lent the old fellow a hand, and he is grateful—thrashed the village boys for him when they mocked him—and helped him, when a lad myself, to toll the bell. Will you meet me there ?" " I will/' said his strange companion ; " the spot could not have been better chosen •—for, if 1 remember rightly, he is deaf T "He is 1 but bow should you know that %" demanded the astonished rustic. " No matter! I do know it 3" " I can't make you out!" exclaimed Joe, more and more bewildered. • " It is not necessary that you should!" " And what did you mean jtffit now, when speaking of Will Sideier, the 1 war rener, about justice andcnnscience-stricken 1 He is bad enough, no doubt, b'utl question if all the rabbits be has stolen, daring the years be was warrener, weigh upon his conscience the weight of a feather." " Perhaps not," said the Khan, with a smile; "perhaps riot; but you will meet me at thesexton's ?" Without waiting for a reply he walked away, leaving Joe more porplexed' than •ever.- ; Despite the entreaties—we might almost add, the remonstances-—of Br. Grine and her uncle, Ellen had insisted upon paying the last tribute of inspect* to the memory of her uncle, by being present : af' his funeral. Attended 1 by the vfaithful Jarmy, and Mrs. Page,.the worthy rector's-housekeeper,: she took her seat in'the galiery, where she had so often sat with the lamented'dead. ' A-deep sigh broke from her; the coffin, preceded by the torch-bearers, entered the church; and the deep voice of the clergyman commenced the solemn and sublime service which consigns the cold, iinftnimate clay—lately animated byaffections, hopes, feelings, ties, and. passions—to the : bosom of its kindred earth. The recollection of his kindness when she nrrived, a, friendless orphan, at Carrow~-the tears which he had shed over the words of love which welcomed her—rose fresh in her memory; and she wept such tears as angels weep over the being they love. In the gallery opposite, crouching like a tigress upon the floor, was the ayah, her eyes fixed upon her foster-child. When she saw the ravages which grief had made in her features, her heart smote her for the part she had acted. It'was bat a momentary feeling; every energy of her nature was bent on the accomplishment of one object—the return of her charge to India as the bride of Meeran Hafaz; to accomplish, which there was no crime at which she would shrink—no violence she would hesitate to use. " In India," she thought, " she will forget the past, and, like some plant which has sickened and faded in a foreign soil, revive and put forth fresh leav«s aa4 perfumed flowers, restored, to its native sun prndhfthnyairl" , Thelasfc solemn rite was ended. " Ashes to a?he6, dust to dost 1" bad . been pronounced over the corpse of bis friend by the rector, who, despite the shock he had received, insisted on performing the last sad office of the Church himself, MoBt of the mourners and attendants had withdrawn. The aged sexton andene or two of the domestics, who still lingered to take a last farewell of the remains of their master, alone were in the chancel of the church. Zara, too, was on the point of leaving it, when Joe Beans entered the sacred edifice, and drawing the sexton aside, directly under the gallery where the ayah had concealed herself, demanded of the old man the key of his lonely habitation. "The key!" 8hethought; "whatcan he want that for ?" The sexton afiksil the same question. Noi dreaming (hat he overheard, Joe boldiy answered, " that it was to meet a friend there I" The old man gave it. Zara was naturally suspicious, and under the veil of night, she determined to ascertain who it was the friend of Meeran's rival was to meet. " Let them plot/' she murmured, as she directed her steps towards the house; " we will out-plot them J Death waits upon our will! Fools, to think they can contend with destiny! and destiny itself is not more resolute in its decrees, or unyielding in its purpose, than my fostorson. There is madness in the attempt to baffle either 1" As she had thrown aside her native dreBB, and assumed the garb of a farmer's wife or daughter, she had little fear of being recognised by the tenants and villagers who yet lingered in the churchyard and the neighborhood. She was deceived; an eye was upon her, which had watched her egress from the sacred edifice, and a hand stretched over her as resolute as her own. CHAPTER LL When Joe Beans saw the ayah, like a shadow, stealing towards the appointed place of rendezvous, he suspected at once that her design was to overhear the intended conference between himself and the Khan, and he determined to disappoint her. He had been present at the inquest, and heard the whispered comments of the domestics upon her mysterious disappearance—listened to Ellen's deposition—and retained the impression they had produced, despite the plausibility of her explanation, which had imposed alike upon the magistrates and jury. ObserviDg a group of poor women a f . a distance, ha at once determined how to proceed. They were chiefly the widows and orphans of the village, the dependents on the late Sir William's bounty; to them his death was more than a bereavement— it was desolation. The heart which had felt for their misery, and the generous hand which, with untiring benevolence, had relieved it, were both cold—cold as the heartless world on which their fortunes were cast—cold as the futbre, over which Want and Despair stood guardians. The wildest and most improbable suppositions respecting the murder had been whispered 'amongst the poor desolate crea- tures, and repeated til! they were received as truth; they had heard of the worthy rector's suspicions of the ayah, and her extraordinary disappearance from the abbey when hb' directed her arrest. It was only necessary,'therefore, for Jo® to point her obt to them, to insure the defeat of her espionage; She was surrounded in an instant by the crowd of females, who commenced by accusing her to each other, as if to give themselves courage. " See," said one, " the strange woman and the murderess ! Her presence so near the church mocks the good Sir William's death!" At the word " murderess," Zara turned and resolutely faced them. "It was an evil hour," observed a second, "when Miss Eden brought her to Carrow—blood has followed her step 1" "The life'of the benefactor of the poor 1" "The friend of the fatherless !" "Curse her I" added an aged woman, advancing to the front of the group; " Bbe has deprived the starving of their food, the houseless of their shelter—the curse of the fatherless and the widow bfe upon her!" \- To each successive speaker Zara turned like an enraged panther at bay, glaring on the hunters who surround her. As they began to press closely upon her, she thrust her hand under her garments, and grasped the hilt' of the weapon she invariably carried upon her person. The action was perceived, and a yell of execration and defiance followed it. "The knife—mind the knife 3" exclaimed one. " It is red with the blood of Sir William I" observed another. . " May it rest Upon her soul for ever!" added the old crone; " stifle the last cry to Heaven for mercy! May she die in a foreign land, unpitied and alone, without one Mend to bid God speed her—one hope to strengthen her!" Even the daring spirit of the ayah was appalled at the fierce imprecations of the speaker, whose long white hair had escaped from beneath her coif, and gave a weird expression to her thin, wrinkled features. "Slaves 1" she said; "drivellers and slaves—gulled by your own selfish spirits, and the idle rumore which p weak girl's imagination has given birth to. He you named died by his own hand 3" A second yell of execration and a cry of " Listen to the murderess 3" broke from the crowd, who did not confine their hostility to words aionf. Several of the younger and more resolute began to pick tufts from the greensward, and throw them at her as she moved slowly away. Her retreat gave them courage—they followed her steps with yet louder execrations, and the shower of missiles began to be mixed with stones; one of them, directed by a strong, active girl, who was foremost of the party, struck her upon the side of the bead. In an instant she turned like a tigress upon her assailant, the steel glittering in her hand; with one bound she cleared the space between them, seized her by fcer long hair, which, in the excitement, had escaped from its confinement, and forced her to her knees. The arm of the ayah was raised—the terrified girl, as she saw her flashing eye, distended nostril, and compressed lip, gave one shriek for mercy—but it would have been too late had not Joe Beans, who had followed closely in the wake of the assailants, caught her arm as it was descending. In the sturdy grasp of the resolute rustic she was powerless; the weapon was wrenched from her band in an instant, and cast to a considerable distance. " What Would 'ee do 1" he said; " commit another murder " Fool 1" muttered Zara; " you have passed between me and my wrath ! Beware how it falls on you ! You have saved my enemy—look well to yourself!" " Hear her 3" shouted the women, " threatening an honest man with murder! She deserves to be set in the stocks!" " Or cast into the pond 3" added the girl who had so luckily escaped from her resentment ; " the foul witch would swim." Joe Beans heard the threat of the ayah with a scornful smile. " I do not fear you, though you are as black as the Evil One, and almost as wicked 3" he replied. " If you threaten those who save you from committing murder and being hanged, what, in the name of Heaven, would you do to those who really injured you ? Go," he added, releasing her from his powerful grasp ; " I do not fear you ! Go, and take a friendly warning with you; if you attempt to sross my path, or play any of your foreign tricks with me, I'll wring your neck with as little remorse as I would a Btoat's or a wild cat's!" Zara replied only by a scornful, bitter smile. " Back 1" continued the honest rustic to the women, who, encouraged by his presence, were evidently inclined to pursue her, " Let her alone—let her go her way —time will bring her punishment." "Bight 3" exclaimed a deep and sonorous voice near him. Joe turned and saw the Khan. " Time," continued the speaker, " is slow of pace—yot we fly from him in vain ; he bears the judgment of an all-seeing Providence upon his iron wings, and executes the decrees His hand has traced, and which repentance only can efface," The ayah answered only by a look of defiance. "Pariah 3" said the renegade, sternly,; " outcast of thy tribe, the stain of blood is upon thee; thou hast broken the laws of thy faith—the curse of Brahma follows it 3" Zara, like most of the Hindoo women, was excessively superstitious. By the religion of her country she was forbidden not only to taste animal food, but to shed the blood of the meanest thing, unless in self- defence. If she had not been directly concarned in the murder of the baronet, she had tampered in it;, and the words of the Khan, addressed as they were in her native tongue, fell like a malediction on her. With a subdued air, and without proffering a reply, she made her way rapidly towards the village. Joe explained to the Khan the reasons for his conduct, who highly commended his prudence, and, after distributing money to the unfortunate objects of the late baronet's charity, withdrew with him to the cottage of the sexton, where their conference was long and earnest. It were useless here to state what arguments he advanced or what proofs he adduced, but certain it is that he won the confidence of the honest rustic. " You promiee, then," said the. Khan, as they left the house, "to follow my directions?" "In everything!" replied Joe, obsequiously—for he began to entertain considerable awe, as well as respect, for his •new awjyainteiKe, 0bey you aa t^ dog, a3 faithfully as I would Master Harry himself 1 Those furrin parts," he added, with a sigh; " those furrin parts! Heaven kdowb if we shall see him again!" " Be assured you will," was the quiet rejoinder; " the present hour is dark, but it must soon grow lighter!" " The sooner the better, for my heart be BO lonesome like, I shall never be the same man till I see 'un again !" " You love him?" said the renegade. " Love him!" repeated Joe, clapping his huge hand upon his breast; " I should have a bad heart if I did not! We wor brought up at farm together, and whenever I wor in fault, Master Harry had always a kind word or an excuse to pacify farmer and the dame; and though he be such a scholar, he be nowise proud; when he showed I to Mi8B Ellen, he said I wor his best friend—I, a poor, simple lad upon his uncle's farm—could I do anything else but love him ? Hang it, I'd die for un !" Some men would have smiled at Joe's description of his young master showing him to Ellen De Vere, as if he bad been a horse or a favorite dog. Not BO the Khan. He was one of those who weigh feelings, not words—actions, not professions. "Good night!" he said; "in a few days you shall hear from me!" " Beady !" replied the rustic ; " no matter for the hour or place !" And so they parted; the silent man of the world—whose past was a mystery— and the honest rustic, whose future was a hope and a dream. Almost immediately after the funeral of his brother, Colonel Mowbray took his departure for London. His adieux to his niece were, to all outward appearance, affectionate and sincere. He made no allusion to her removal from the protection of Dr. Orme—the thing she most feared, yet knew not how to avoid. So satisfied was the last-named personage with bis conduct, that he parted from him not only cordially, but almost with regret. His hypocrisy had effaced even his snspicions, and he began to entertain the hope—nay, almost the conviction—that he would carry out the generous intention of the baronet, and ultimately consent to the union of Ellen with his former pupil and friend— Henry Ashton. The aged housekeeper, Mrs. Jarmy, viewed him with very different feelings; a vague jealousy and mistrust which she could scarcely account for, even to herself, oppressed her whenever she thought of him. If his name was mentioned in her presence, which it frequently was, she would only shake her bead and observe: " We shall see ! Time tries all!" She knew more of his past life than either Br. Orme or her yoang mistress. The ill-feeling of Mrs. Jarmy towards the colonel broke out, however, on hearing that, previous to his departure, he had appointed Will Sideler to his former office of warrener, from which Sir William had discharged him. In her eyes it was disrespect for the dead. Such was her veneration for her late master, that his slightest wish—could she have guessed it—wonjd have been law; for hers was the fidelity and affection which survive even death. The rector listened to her indignant observations with something like impatience. He knew nothing of the antecedents of the man, whose name bad not in any way bwn glanced at in the late transactions at the abbey. He looked upon it merely as an act of humanity, if not justice—for he had often secretly thought that his late friend was a little too severe upon the subject of his game; and he had never heard the warrener accused of any more serious offence than poaching; in his eyes— although a magistrate and a clergyman—a very Tenial one. Mr. Elworthy and one or two domestics, together with poor old Martin, who waB slowly recovering, were the only persons remaining in charge of the mansion, which the peasantry and tenants, since the night of the murder, looked upon with increased superstition and dread- Mrs. Jarmy was cot the only perron who viewed the reappointment of Will Sideler, with dissatisfaction. The steward had even gone so far as to remonstrate with the, colonel npon the subject; but lhe latter had cuthini short by declaring in a haughty tone, which seemed to forbid reply, "that such was his pleasuro." The aid man couldonly bow and submit. The villagers and tenants wore equally surprised and dissatisfied; for the fellow was universally disliked on account of his BullenoBB and and unsocial humor. A change, however, scorned to have come over bira; the crab-apple had become a peach. Instead of flying from society, as he had' formerly done, he now appeared to court it. He was a regular, visitor at the village alehouse, where he remained to the last. In fact the landlord was frequently obliged to urge him to depart. He joined in and listened eagerly to the gossip and opinions of the farmers and rustics who frequented tbe taproom of the Mowbray Arms, and was loudest among the loud in execrating the cruel murder which deprived them of so considerate and excellent a landlord— tbe poor of so munificent a benefactor. Much as he longed to start the opinion that the late baronet had committed suicide, he feared to do so—it would have been scouted in an instant. The inquest had decided it was murder; and he would have been a bold—not to say an imprudent—man in Carrow, who ventured to impugn the verdict ; it would infallibly have drawn suspicion on . him. Amongst the company whom he was in the habit of meeting was Joe Beans. The presence of the honest rustic annoyed him; .for he telt assured, as he sat sullenly listening to him, night after night, that he had not forgotten their interview in the park on the occasion of the funeral, or the discrepancy between the opinion he then gave utterance to and the one he at present proffered. He was quite right—honest Joe Beans had not forgotten it. CHAPTER LIL Heaven first sent letters for some wretch's aid, Some banished lover or some captive maid, —LETTEBB OF ABBLABD AND EMUSE. Ellen received a letter from her lover a few mornings after his departure. There was little in it of description—it was written from the heart, not tbe eyes— written as he would have spoken to her the outpourings of his feelings—every word breathed passion, but passion so delicately veiled that the most sensitive delicacy could not shrink from the lines, which sparkled with the pure brilliancy of the stars, not the gross fire of the meteor. Who amongst us, at some period of our lives, have not received the long and anxiously expected letter from some being < that we loved—pondered over each line, imagined how the writer looked, and smiled as each thought flowed from the pen—and replied to the image enshrined in our hearts as. we would have replied to the living writer, had he or she been present. It was so with Ellen; involuntarily she pressed the signature to her lips, then blushed at the feeling which prompted her —a feeling at which an angel might have smiled. She pressed it again and again; it came to her in her sorrow like,the cruse of water in the desert, to the parched traveller, and the.tears which gemmed her dark, loving eyes were tears of-joy. Like one who has found a treasure, she longed to be alone with her thoughts and happiness—she felt jealous lest any eyes should witness it—it was hidden like a young bird, in her innocent bosom, but repeatedly withdrawn, to convince her that it was real. . For the first time since her sojourn at the, rectory, she left the house; she longed to breathe tbe pure air—the face of nature seemed more in harmony with her feelings than the walls of her chamber—she felt as if the flowers and trees could sympathise with the beatings of her young heart--they were not more pure. " Would he were here!" she thought. " Ob, how would his presence sustain me ! The colonel is very kind—" she had not yet taught her lips to call him by the name of uncle—" and the dear, good rector affectionate and gentle; but they cannot fill the void my bereavementhas left ! No, H- nry—your love alone can reconcile me to life!" At times the thought that their separation wa3 final—that he would return no more—passed like a cloud over the clear vision of her mind, dimming its unsullied surface. Then she wouid draw the letter from its hiding-place, and as she read the words of hope and promise, a faint smile would chase the sad presentiment. If love has i» tortures, it also has its pleasures; thi very sacrifices we offer, on its altar only serve to attach, us more closely tb the young god's shrine. In the ayenue of the grounds, which was shaded by stately elms, she was startled from her waking dream'—which, like an April day, was chequered with alternate shviwers and sunshine—by the approach of her lover's humble friend, Joe Beans. At that moment it would have given her plea sure to meet even a dog which Henry had lov-ic!; with a smile she advanced to uwet bisa, holding out her hand to welcome him. • • After carefully wiping his own upon the skirt of hiB velveteen jacket—for Joe had dressed in his best for the occasion—he ventured to touch the delicate fingers extended towards him—blushing, as he did so, like a schoolboy. A pretty, merryeyed girl who accompanied him, secretly smiled—perhaps she remembered the different manner in which he had so lately grasped her own. " Welcome!" said the orphan ; " I am indeed most happy to see you! I thought you had forgotten your promise to the absent and to me!" " Forgotten it!" repeated Joe, shaking his head like a huge water-dog; " no, Miss Ellen, Joo is not the man to forget a promise — especially onee mad to Master Harry. Why, Lord bless 'ee, I have left the service of farmer Ashton, who was like a father to I, and all on your account." " On mine ?" << Yes, I be head man to Parson Orme now." " And I not know it!" " You have been ill," replied the rustic ; " prisoner in the chamber like, and I feared " he hesitated, as if at a loss how to proceed. " What could you fear 9" demanded the young lady. " That seeing me might give sad thoughts —so I was content to watch over 'ee in silence; but when I heard that a letter had arrived from furrin parts, and that 'ee was walking in the garden, I told old Jarmy— I beg pardon, Mrs. Jarmy—that I would wait r o longer, for I was sure the news must be good." " It is good," said Ellen. " And Master Harry be quite well ?" "Quite 1 Alas!" she added, "he has not yet heard the sad tale of our bereave-* ment," "Is he coming home?" inquired Joe, with an anxious air. " He does not speak of that." u He won't speak of it," answered his humble friend; " he will come—he will come the instant he hears " Marking the tears ready to start in the eyes of Ellen, he considerately chocked himself in his intended allusion to the murder, and added, " as soon as he gets my letter." " Have you written ?" " The day after thai is, re soon aB I thought you would wish to see him back. I guessed you would, by my own heart—it has been as heavy as a ploughshare ever Bince." Unfortunately the honest fellow had posted the letter at the village post-office. The old woman who kept it being perfestly ignorant of the sum requisite for the postage of a foreign letter, had merely taken half tariff—consequently it remained at the dead-letter office. The orphan felt secretly delighted at the fore-thought of the speaker. She felt, with him, that the sad intelligence of his benefactor's murder would instantly recall him to England. " And Who is that pretty girl ?" she Inquired, glancing at Joe's companion—who, during their conversation, had kept modestly, as well as discreotly, in the background. "Oh that," replied the young man, with a half-conscious blush — " that be only Susan!" "Your Susan?" Joe's only answer was to look up in her face and smile. " I have heard Harry speak of her/' continued the orphan, " as a pretty, good girl, of whom a certain friend of his was very, very fond. I can well believe It, now I have seen her." Susan's lover was doubly gratified; The high-born girl had spoken of him as the friend of Henry Ashton, which gratified him even more than her commendation of hip choice. Ellen still farther won his heart by ad- -vancitig to the village girl, aad taking her by the hand, observing, " that she' was certain they would be friends." The pretty rustic curtseyed and smiled, and was sure her iadyship did her too much honor. " Perhaps,"" said Joe bluntly—for ho scarcely knew how to bring out the proposal—"Miss Ellen would like you for ,a waiting- maid ?" "Waiting-maid!" repeated tbe orphan.; "you jest! How could T ever bring myself to command the service: of one so dear to Harry's friend V' The young man answered her that that consideration need not prevent her taking ber; and Suean eagerly assured the orphan "that she would bo too.h&ppv; to serve her." , . . Still the younjr lady hesitated. " She is faithful 1" observed Joe, laying 'a marked emphasis on the word. " I am sure of that 1" "And has all her wits about her—and that is something!" he added, "as girls go nowadays! Pray do, Miss Ellen! Don't think it is poor Joe, but Master Harry himself, who asks it." n There were few requests which Ellen could have found the heart to refuse, made in that dear name—therefore it was granted at once; besides, she already suspected that the youug man had some more urgent reason for desiring it than procuring his intended wife a respectable place. She knew ber to be the only daughter of a small farmer in comfortable, though not affluent, circumstances. " Since you wish it," she said, " yes j and I promise, for your sake, to treat her like a sister." Still Joe did not appear quite satisfied; there was evidently something lingering on his mind which he wished, but did not know how, to give utterance to. " Are you not satisfied ?" continued the fair girl. "Satisfied !" he repeated; "of course I am ! Why don't 'ee curtsey, Susan, and thank Miss Ellen for ber goodness ?" " I do, Joe !" replied his sweetheart. "There is something else you wish?" observed the orphan. This was a great relief to the honest fellow; it gave him the oocasion he wished for. "There is," he replied; "and yet I don't know how to ask it—but I must; and yet it seems to me so presumptuous and proud, loike, of a poor lad like me making all sortB of conditions with a young lady like Miss de Yere!" "Conditions?" " It be very loike it!" " Name them—pray name them ?" " First, then," continued Joe — " but don't 'ee be frightened and vexed, misspromise me—no, not me, but Master Harry, for it is in his name I ask it—not to go anywhere without SuBan ?" "I promise." " And if • Susan should be bold and insolent, loike, before certain folk, and pretend to hate 'ee, don't, Miss Ellen, don't send her away—it will be only play- acting, loike; she would die, I am sure, rather than vex'ee!" "That I would !" exclaimed the village girl. "Thee knowest, Joe, I have no need of service; they will miss me at the farm bad enough ; it be all to " "Hush! can't 'ee!" interrupted her lover; " 'ee hold thee tongue! Miss Ellen will fancy beest doing her a kindness in- ofrreceiving one." "Ana so you are, my kind, generoQB friends!" exclaimed the orphan, melted to tears by the delicacy and devotion ; of hir conduct; "a deep, important service ; for I feel that this pretty girl wonld not consent to leave her home but for your entreaty." This,Joe positively denied; but Susan, although she stood too much in awe, and was too much in love with him to contradict his words, looked very much as if the youog lady had spoken the truth. It was finally arranged that the prettyrustic should take up her abode at the rectory on the following day; hut to all Ellen's entreaties for an explanation of his singular request, Joe, anxious not to alarm her unnecessarily, only answered by an assurance that it was merely a whim—a precaution—nothing more. She tried to believe him, but could not—something whispered her that ber trials were not oyer yet; still she resolved not to give = way to the forebodings which oppressed her. Henry, shB flattered herself, would soon return, and her trust was in Him who is tho friend of the orphan and oppressed. That very day she relieved her heart by replying to the letter of h or lover ; the one she had received—this is in confidence only to our female readers—rested niider the pillow on which she dept. {To le continued) ; 