DEATH OF THE REV. P. BRENNAN. The death of the Rev, P. Brennan, which took place at the Holy Ghost College on Saturday morning, will cause widespread sorrow amongst his numerous friends. The deceased gentleman was in the prime of life, 31 years of age, and till recently enjoyed the best of health. He was a native of the County Kilkenny, and educated at the French College, Blackrock, Dublin, where be distinguished himself early in bis collegiate career by taking his degree of B.A. in the Royal University of Ireland. In ISS7 he was ordained as a Holy Ghost Father, and a year afterwards came to Ballarat. During the three years Father Brennan was professor at the Holy Ghost College his pupils made extraordinary progrees in the higher sciences under bis able tuition, and although a strict disciplinarian he won the esteem and' affection of all his pupils. Some six months ago the reverend gentleman, who had been working very assiduously, praparinghis pupils for the matriculation examination, showed evident signs of failing health, brought on no doubt by overwsrk, and on the recommendation of his medical adviser. Dr Mullally, took a trip to Sydney, but with no beneficial effect. On Saturday morning last. Dr Mullally was summoned, but all to no avail, as Father Brennan was beyond all human aid, and 10 minutes after the last sacraments were administered he calmly breathed his last. On Saturday and yesterday the remains, which were laid in state in one of t 4 .e upper apartments of the college, were visited by a large number of people. The de ceased was attired in his canonical robes, a large crucifix resting on bis breast. The coffin, covered in black, with silver mountings was literally covered with beautiful white wreaths of dowers artistic illy arranged, the most con spicuous of which were those from the Sisters of Mercy, Loretto and Kazareth, At 10.30 to-day a solemn requiem mass (high) will be celebrated at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dr Moore. Bishop of Ballarat, presiding, and Dr Croagh, the president of the college, acting as celebrant, singing the mass. After the ceremony the funeral cortege will ,be formed, the following taking part in the procession:—Pupils of the Holy Ghost College, Christian Brothers' Schools, and the children attending the Convent, and the other various Catholic schools. A large number of priests and laity from various paits of the diocese are expected to attend, as the rev. gentleman was highly esteemed for his genial and kindly disposition, bis truly gentlemanly conduct, and his ex treme charity towards all. He was both a high- class scholar and every inch a gentleman. The boys of the college will lose not alone an able teacher, but also one who was himself one of the best athlete*. Asa footballer he stood in the front rank, and the college boys owe their many victories to his tuition. In cricket he also excelled, having taken iwrt in some of the leading matches home and here. The deceased gentleman's brother is, we understand, a Father of the Holy Ghost, a B.A. of the Royal University, Ire* land, and a famous athlete. 