THE SPECTRE CAPTAIN. Queer Acts of a Ghost Which Haunts a Steamer in Brooklyn Basin. "I'll never go out near the old Taber again," said a wall-known boatman of East Oakland one Sunday as he looked towards the black hulk of the steamshbip William Taber. which lies near the Oakland eatuary. "Why not 2" Why, because she is haunted. Last night I was out with a party, and I ran my boat in under the stern of the old ship. As we came around on the starboard side of the vessel some one halloed, " Who comes there? Back water quick or I will shoot." I looked up, but saw no one. \Vithme were two ladies and gentlemen, guests forn Tubbs' Hotel. They heard the voice, but, like myself, were unable to see any one. " The ladies were badly frightened, and begged me to pull away. I was about to do so, when the watchman on the ship looked over the gangway and wanted to know what was up. "'Is it you people that is saking that noise down there?' queried the old ellow. 'If it is, you had better steer way, Ltcauee I have heard noises enough on this ship to nightwithout you people coming alorg and making any more.' " A WHITE-Ree ED FIGURE. Continuing his story, the beatman said: " I pulled away to the shore, and as we cleared the ship I saw a white robed rigure on the bridge. It was that of an elderly man. Ite had a flowing white beard, and was directing the helmsman by hand signals. I saw as plain as could be the sprectre mo tioning to starboard, port, steady, etc., and occasionally he would put down his hand as it tonullthe elow down or back bell in the engine room. No bell responded, bu: the figure on the bridge went through all the motions. Aft at the gaugway stood the watchman, and in the sheen of the moor. light I saw the watchman of the steamer. His face was blanched and he called us back. The ladiesin the boat were terror-st i"kn and insisted upon my rowirg to the chore, [ had no alternative but to comply. By the time I landed them the tide was flooding, and, although I wanted to go out to the vessel, I concluded to wait until morning rather than row against the tide." This in substance was the story told by Old Bob, the well-known boatman in the Brooklyn Basin. The man is noted for his sobriety, and his story to the t fflct that there is a spectre captain on thoeold Taber is confirmed by a number of canoeists who row on that portion of the bay known adl Brooklyn estuary. They all claim to have seen the "old man on the bridge,"and are positive that it is not the watchman of the" ship. The old steamer is full f `legend, anrd to enumerate them all would lbe almost impesa. sible. THE VESSEL ' HS1T. RY. Something like 10 years ago tbo etramship William Taber was drawn up through the drawbridgeof Oakland Creek. The veeEtl is one of the old time steamship e. She is a side-wheel steamer, and when fiet put in the coast trade ran in r p?ositicn to the Goodai-l'crkins Steamers. In this mission she proved a formidable rival, inasmueh as she carried paasengers and freight at ouch a reduction as to appal tihe owners of the regu lar steamers. The consequence was that the old Taber got all the business, and passengers going to coast ports laid over in order to ride on the vessel. The regular steamers charged 20 dollars to Victoria and Seattle, while the opposition carried passengers to the same ports for five dollars steerage and 10 dollars cabin. The result was that the rival companies made a ýool, and contracted to pay the owners 1000 dollars a month to tie the ship Up. The c nutract was to run 15 years, ar.d sincethen the old vessel has been tied i p. The copper on her bull is moulded and green. The woodwork of the bulwarks is decaying, but the orgineu and !ire boxes are in perfect trim, and the old s'iip can be fired up on a fewe hours notice, and put into Eervier. At theeasm time tihe pe ple? of Eset Oklal.dl think the William Taber is haunted, and if she ever goes to sea again they will not ride on her. 