TIE FBAITOH TEM. — ; w . . Mountain eagma&cs; are perhaps the most fearless class of men in the world. JourneyB of so perilpto a nature that toe Mood of an ordi nary man would curdle at the bare thought of : one undertaken are successfully made by them, and tinder circumstaJicre of so trying a . charac ter toat Oil reflecticm Lhe average "man would marvel at. Those men who ride hundreds of miles through the mountains are seldom frightened, but to-day there resides in Benver a - man who would not pnll a train over Meraihull i Pass, for a cool million, and when the name of that famous place is mentioned he involuntarily : clenches hiB h&nda; and pales visibly Severri years ago thme was a story circulated toatthree times a week a phantom trpin went ; steaming over the para, ana toat ghostly forms could be seen through toe car .windows, and ' although the statements m regard to it wrie incoheresd:, engineers began to regard a Certain portion of toetrack wito suspicion, and usually 1 hugged the rails there aa close as possible. One morning a freight 44ranner" pulled into Green River and tnforerad toe eperator that he had seen jthe train, and bo arqestiy flid he plead with the master meohanio that he was given an engine pnthp Salt Lake division. Other cxpe- . riences were "related and it became almost a , weekly occurrence toat some engineer , would 1 report having Been a train of which toe despateherhad no record and could not account for. In nearly every uistance the engineers who Conmlslned. were those who pulled top night passenger, which readied Greea Jtiver at 7 o'clock in toe inwfiuug. . Oae engines? who had twioe seem toe much- ' taUrad'OltnmpuUednpoutqfjSaiidaafe white as the fmow on the gronnd, and toe ioQowine morning the fireman brought the engine Into ; Green river, toe braky man firing, and toe engineer in an insensible condition. He had: seen the jfearitom train, and that was his last , trip 'on toe road, .. The regular train was then pl&oed; in the hands of an old and tried engineer, by toe name of Nelson Edwards, who had aa a fireman Oharles Whitehead. Both men were pool and calculating, well educated. and generally con sidered toe most fearle&smenin; toe employ of the Rio Grande— men who had caught runaway trains oh toe mountain side without so much as ; a flash suffusing their cheeks. For nearly, two months thev were on the train, baric and foito quitting that division. j x . v - <>he evening; jhst while toflror seemed deeper than usuaL tirajwflimrar sdm the air cooler. Saverai tones "bfefe tofey reached toegietoe"44popdi ' Oftoebafeto reive canserate toteif. f Bdf soon toiBjrSre vririfiiig toFflnd aTHhe- canons and orfer deep aiTYiyas- fffld fteb'fl ' eye '«#fept theglittering t«Slsrtilraaflwj» his uneasiness. Engineers seidomristek jfDwxrilC : firemen— as a rnle toey are steikt rtohSres thft to®; ifes ahoul fl 1 be on their wc, and to-nighf Edwar wax r" mote like a spHnx than htSkl, ferTlt res re/ ported that thre #as a bridge d dang going ddre, abfl a defectivferaa in of f Canons, and veC and ahbn he slakdhed the soeeB ' .cihft traffn' "as" a-foitterpFbalbtip/1-' - 5 : ' 1 Theengmeer pfestedteid(» t9 tocMtedptod ' the-strangerearre peculiar-' oHrStito rofe As»nrrtlJ followed. ih toOehedrer" atrey? reuse - the' Tbhg, aiiri%i Whirtlte :bf fah- proaching train. Edwirids- teriarked 'td bft- fitemto that ' Nor wait friiowilte: too'tlderi Agtor; whenaboirt five tntiefe-faftocf tin, he ' cognised toesame whistter this tone-nearer, and ' at Am rapdly nearer. ' >n ' 44 It must be a wild- Whitehead " grummed, as toe efigfoter reitchfed for the rope andgaVe twotoort, toato whfetlte only to hear the fog, dangerous aris#ete? <Ah te -a : snowshed, it Occurred to him that he had ta ' t44 Saw by" rii east-boaudfrright at toe next / ssviteh, 2-5' miles further up toe'' mountain; said as he left toe shed the bell "SoUnded' three tu&ri;' - andhe brought IflB traih to a standstill as quickly as possible.- He could bear toe doleful J sound of the foBowers, and - the piston rods travelled back and forth in tbepyhnders indhe orisp ntghtam,but a sound feore-ominous than that was the long-drawn whistles of toe engine that -vara' so rapidly oTCtoafdtntg himj The con- duotor ran forward at Ibis juncture, »<d asked : < > 44 What did you stop for ?'' . 44 What did you pull the bell-cori for? re joined Edwards. 44 You're crazy," the conductor said. 44 Now. pull her wide open and light out for the switches, because we've got to pass No. 19 there, and besides, there's a wild trainee - climb ing up bit ub. B'ye-hear?" Edwards' drew back the lever with a strange ' feeling. He opened the ""throttle," the wheels slipped on the steel rails, but as they caught the sand, the long, heavy train began to movfe forward slowly. Both men in the cab could hear the sand grind beneath toe mnrm»ns height of the engine. The train increased in > momentum as it moved forward, and in about n vt/niih ute8 was running as fast " as practicable on ast portion cf toe road. The following train was approaching nearer mid nearer. Again the short series of warning whistles was hexd,' which Edwards answered, but ouly to eat/toe wild train gito the danger signal -again. Helookedoutof the windowas he was rounling a curve &nd; noticed toe -other train rapidly approadiing. Odd beads of sweat stood out on his forehead as he nulled toe A 9-. — m A AT A MM - > .1 M « » a imwuo wiuc lupeu. raster ana raster roe speed of toe train increased, and more dan gerous was the track. They were now in too very worst portion of the paw, where toe snow banks were the. most- treacherous, and just in this part of the track res where toe woken rati was' reported. Every time toe engine struck a carve it seemed as though it was im» poeablefor the smalifianges'te hold toe engine to toe rails. The cars were rocking violently. The passengers were rudely awakened- from \- their slumbers by the train striking a snowdrift. The speed of toe tram res so great that toe train broke the drift easily and was- soon soaring through a snowshed. How the fire man laboured. His shirt was wet with perspi ration, for the hungry furnace consumed coal so quickly that toe stack belched fire. . The passengers having been warned of the impending danger, had dresrad themselves. Ths women were wringing- their hands in despair, strong men were trembling, and the thought of every person on toe train :waa of the man whose hand rested on toe throttle bf toeengura ahead. Wonld the rear train d»ah into ton coaches and Mil all the passengers? Who was their engineer ? Was he competent ? Wg» the engineer in the rear train mad ? - The- cur tains were all thrown up, a few daring men ' clung -on the platform and glanced anxconriy back. The conductor started suddenly as he caught a glimpse of the driving wheelBof toe rear train. They were fully teriinches larger than those on toe engine ahead. -With hand tightly clinched on the throttle Edrerch's eye rigidly swept the track. He was a good engineer, for even under -that awful strain he had the presence of mindte toot off his steam in order to save i t . when running down grade without brake pressure, .and never once while running did he alio w power to take the place of speed, a fault of most engineers under excite ment. At this time toe snow begaa to descend, and in the peculiar light that settles on earth, caused by the snow, Edwarda saw something in a baokwaxd glance he tcrak -toat made his blood freeze, and almost caused his heart; to cease, beating. On the top of one of the cars of the rear train was a tall white figure of nman gesticulating wildly wbilehe oomdseea white form in the cab. .A terrible thought flashed through his mind — the train toe train, the peouliar condition— it was the phantomiram. Without farther parley, regardless of the broken rail; he dropped toe lever another notch, and then as quickly as possible, but cautiously he opened the throttle valve. Hw trained earcaught every sound hls enginemade, and under toe intense excitement he once thought he heard toe pistons grinding and tha axle pound. ' It would he cmpoesible to past m broken rail atthe terrific speed they were travell ing. He was leading the race by about 200 yards now, and as his train approached a point where the track reversed and rah parallel, he nerved himsrif for the trial. He rounded the curve safely and started, and was moving baric bntoa serpentine enrve wito toe rapidity of iightning. As he paired toe othbr engine Ira sawtwo ex tremely white figures in the cab. The spectre engtnemrtonrad a face to tdm Hks dough and " laoghed. . The ghiatiy fireman reached for the coiA and again a eerire of toewti toarp srhirtlM sounded. On ths train plunrodinto toesdgldL roaring through anow- eheds and over teen bridros that trembled bfeneato the sadden shock,. So fart was this train travelling that toe rtLih of air -eonld be heard by tod pareengers. Wberevertiieir was asnow drift the tram would break toroih it like a hurri cane. Faster and faster, for now they axe mounting to: toe highest point of the peas, -where toe air was tiridert, steam was not eo plentiful, and soon Edwards had toe lever In the comer and the throttle wide open. Ths greatert speed his engine was capable of had been attained, and Edwards could but watch toe rails in front of him and keep Ms bands cm toe throttle. The phantom tr&ib; res gaining; he could go no faster, he reshriplfc® Aroonit _ .litei On Into the night tee trains phssenger, Hfcebolte oLRgjtoung pbteotog one another through th slmEd w|tfdk'«ighied' brid ge tekt Was reportidwete/fiasaed it ssfely, andhaving bv Ou&u;» caned lie summit was aovpnr the ddwn grade.Steeper it became, and when one ptotidfelarty- heavy 1 hill was reached, Edwa wae wiiHy ol running the grade without <appl|roguie Mr fersk es. Soon he sighted theamiter Na».19 was not there, and, w atoadiwtobornef excitement, he Went tearing by like ihe wind. Another seriesof ttor Wp Mrflea and an instantlater the etotoeer saw redltotern swinging In the rignt-of - way. r H© was running down grade, the thought o££fo» 19 ahead, the mysterious train behindhand a trained mechanic he in stinctively appHedthe air. t The wheels stopped revolving, butthe train was still running over the anowyrails. Farahead he observedlight, shadowy, fantastic forms, and as the train drew nearer, he saw that they were repairing the track. They were spirits, and the . next minute dying towards the ghosts on the - track, passed througbthe crowd of ten or twelve, retohed the curve beyond, and . .Edwards ventured a backward glance. He saw the phantom train run to a hrokenrail, theengine ten off onto ffcteties, and One second later - the heavy freight pitehed down the embankment, mdamoment /later vanished. Written in the Erost of the firemto's window was the folio Wing, toajjeculior hand :-v ; Xeeraago kfratetrainwas recked as you taw—now tetojto.raw it, we will never make Moteer -run./ The enjine was not ounder eantrol, and four eexshun men wor killed, If yu ever ran oh' this road again yu Will be recked." Edwards passed No. 19 at the second switch, reached Grete . river at 6 o'clock the next morning, anhour ahead of time,' and' left the Bio Grande thatdav . The following evening he went to Salt Lake, tod is considered one of this most trustworthymen in their employ. The nhtofcom has hot been seen Bince that eventful nignt.- \- WeekJp Budget. 