ANOTHER “DREAM” BY OLIVE SCIIKEINER. “GOD'S LIGHT ON THE MOUN TAINS." “ .Veil Gol nil], Let thim be light. An 1 tin re tn light.” One by one tho clouds lifted, and the dense drooping veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. The great mountains became visible, clearly defined against tho heavens' e there all v faint blue. Eternal snow lav frozen white upon them, and their cold high peaks seemed very far away. But ono wide bar of luminous gold lightened their slopes towards the east; and in that warm and tender haze the hud snow melted, and the purple violets opened into bloom. Two dark figures of men advanced into the light. They had climbed for many hours. They had seen the radiance from afar, and now they entered it together. They were brothers in thtir common lot and creed, but vs they stepped iulo tho golden glory their brows grew heavy with distrust and •* What does! thou here?” said the ouc. “ The light is mine I" “ Nay, fool," said the other, “ tbou liest— tho light is mine 1 ” Ana the evil frown deepened on their faces, and they forgot their brotherhood and fought —fought with a merciless blind fury for every inch of thst wondrous light that was not their*; fought till tho violets on the turf sickened and died in the torrent of blood that was shed. But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. AndtheShadow'snamewasDeath. Thenthose cun testing twain shrank from each other'* grasp in fear, and covering their eyes they fled swiftly; and tho Shadow went with them. And their blood sank into the cool, brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay still upon the moun Two women came into the Light. They were great Queens, brow-bound with gold and burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dragged a fainting feeble creature l.ke a child with wings, an almost dying thing that wept and wailed aloud "ar.d shuddered as it came. Reaching the Light, the women paused and faced each other. Loose thou thy hold of Love,” said the one—“ for lo, we hare reached the goal, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love are mine." ”0 traitress'" cried the other. “What hast thou to do with beauty where I am ? I am the mistress of tho world; love is my set* vant. light my heritage. Dispute no more, for lore and light aro mine 1" And agsin the shadow fell. Then those two rival Queens grew pale and thin, and melted like frail ghosts into tho darkness. But the winged child remained alone weep ing. And God's Light lay softly on the mountains. A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. Bare-headed and with uplifted eyes, ho paused and looked and smiled. His limbs were very weary, hia hands were hard with j unrewarded toil ; but, though his face was pale and careworn, it was beautiful. His lip* parted in a sigh of rapture. “ This is die Lighthe said, “ My Gcd. I thank Thee 1" And tho winged Lure, who wept alone, drew near to him and kissed his feet. “0, who art thou?" it questioned him sobbingly. “ Who art thou that has toiled so far to find the Light, and hast no word of envy, on thy lips, but only peace and And the Stranger smiling, answered, " I am known ns the Despised and Lonely. In all tho world I possess nothing—not even a blessing. Alone I have been from the first Beginning—alone I mast be to tho last End. But I have sought the Light and found it, wherefore I praise the Giver of the Light who hath not suffered mo to be dismayed, b or I hear the name most hated among men —the name of Truth.” And again tho Shadow fell. Only it was no more a Shadow but a Brightness, brighten ing into the Light itself. And tired Truth drank m.thn golden Glory, and grew strong. Lore dried its childish tears, and afar off there was a sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Light widened on tho mountains. [This poetical allegory is sent to ns by a correspondent as haring originally appeared in an old number of an African missionary magazine, now extinct. It was there un signed, bnt no one who reads it (*aya onr correspondent) can doubt that it is correctly attributed above. If not by Miss Schreiner, it it certainly a very happy attempt in tho same style.} The new Imperial defence gun vesiel* Boomerang and Karrakatta, 2,735 tons, S.500 hone-power, having both satisfactorily com Sleted their gun and machinery trials, were elivered to the naval authorities at Sheeruees on Itth February, from the works of Sir W. 0. Armstrong and Co., of Eltwick, where they have been built and equipped for tea at a cost of nearly £30,00(1 each. Tit Boomerang and Karrakatta were immediately ocmmiMioocd with complement! of SO officers and men each for despatch to Australia, the Boomerang being commanded by Lieutenant Thomas C. Fenton, and the Karrakatta by lieutenant W. J. Sculltrd. Ths Boomerang is intended to strengthen the British Kqaadron on active service in Australian waters, hut tha Karrakatta, on her arrival at Sydney, is to be paid off and placed in the Australian Steam Reserve, being kept in readiness for active service when re quired. The Admiralty have issued inttruc tjons for the third- das* cruiser Rapid. 12,1,420 tons, 1,400 horss-powvr, Captam william MHX F. Caatle. to ba rseommiasionsd at Sydney for •nethtr term of ttrviot on tha Australian •tatissi. He Bapadiiia fotare to be in charge of an officer of cccnaaaadar'i rank instead of a captain, as daring her fencer commissions. 