AMERICAN FUN. J— y Q— li- : Your poem on ' Tho Shorn Lamb ' received. Please call at this ollice and bring your tin-box. Not for publication, but to create couii denco. A little boy who has been used to receiving his older brother's old toys and old clothes recently re markod, ' Ma, will I have to marry his widow when he dies ?' Though Adam's dress was a baro design, He often would sadly grieve, And ait on tho limb of a treo and whino, 'Cause ho couldn't laugh in hissleove. It is well enough to say 'paddlo your own canoe,' but to koep away from the dangerous places in the stream of life a paddlo is notalone sufllcicnt. A man must havo a good poll also. ' I'ii have you to know that my uncle was a ban msver or tne law. ? jv ng ror your uannisicr: re torted Mrs. Partington, turning up her nose ; ' haven't I a cousin as is a corridor in tho navy ?' Sun : ' So you would not take me to bo 20? What would you take mo for, then ?' He : ' For bettor, . for worse.' They are now housekeeping. A VnifiiKtA man and wife walked 27 miles, carry ing thoir baby, to seo a circus. They know now how sublime it i3 to suffer for a great purpose. A Boston- young lady found hersolf ' riding alono in a small Hordic co_aoh, which coach displayed tho Bign, ' Not Engaged,' over her head. No other lone woman would ever venture in such a coaoh, and the company is ruined. A New York man confessed that ho married his wife because sho was a good c«rvor. That's the kind of help-meat every man wants ! Six or eight congenial spirits sat around a stove in a grocery out West ono night, and, after several other subjects had been exhausted, somo ono intro duced that of panics in churches, theatres, and halls. This gavo Mr. Hopowoll a chance to romark, ' Gentlemen, I just long to be there.' 'Where?' ''Why, in one of those panics. Yes, sir, I'd give a new 20-dollar bill to bo in tho theatre ono night when there waa an occasion for a panic.' ' Why ? ' ' Why ? Because one cool, lovol-headed man could stop tho thing ns easily as you could end up that barrel of flour.' ' Well, I dunno about that,' observod ono of tho sitters. ' There is something owfiil in the cry of ':Fire,' and, hear it whero nna when you may, it startles and frightens. What would you do in a the.itre in ease thore was a cry of 1 Firo ' and a rush ? ' ' I'd stand upon my soat, pull a revolver from my pocket, and shout out that I'd shoot the first man who attempted to crowd or rush. One cool man would check tho panic in 10 seconds.' While tho subject was being continued, tho grocer withdrew to the rear end of the store, poured a little powder on a board, and gave three or four men the wink. Presently thore was a bright flash, yells of 'Firo ! ' and 'Powder!' and every man sprang up and rushed out. Hnpowcll did not spring up and talk of shooting. On the contrary, ho fell over a lot of baskets piled between him and tho door, got up to plough his way over a rack of brooms, and when he reached the street ho was on all fours, white as a ghost and so frightened that he never looked back until ho reached the opposilo side of tho thoroughfare. ' Mamma,' asked little Edith, ' bo all grown folks hateful?' 'Why, Edith,' replied her mother, ' what put that idea in your head ?' ' Nothing, mamma, only I know overybody who comes hero is hateful, 'cause I've always heard yon say so after they went out.' An old farmer in Brownsville bought a work called ''Hints on Fencing,' supposing it set forth the ad vantngo and cheapness of ono fence over another. He expressed himself vigorously when ho discovered that the book related to an entirely different kind of fencing. In boring a well at Cloverdale, Cal., tho anger, ut a depth of 30 feet, passed through a while pine fog, and six inches further struck a tree standing on end, and had to cease operations. It was about timo to stop. If they had bored a few feet deeper they might havo struck a parly of campers out playing seven up under the tree, and created a panic. ula;* wuiii^ uui iiLiiu nine ul'iuiv, uuu iiu f^uta about that much. Ax Austin Man, who hud been living hi a rented house, notified his landlord .that he was going to move. 'I hope,' said the landlord, ''that I will find the house in the same condition it'was when you took it.' ' No. I do not oxpect to leave it in the same condition that. I found it.' ' Well, you will have to do it.' ' All right, then, I'll drop a cut in the cistern, and advertise for bod bugs.' JflSUKDBRSTANnfKflS.— Scene : New York drawing-room, 1.20 a.m. I clasped her hand, and I held it fast, While I gazed in her dreamy eyes, And a far-off look o'er her feature3 passod, Liko the twilight of vesperskies. ':' t..' While, liko ono too happy or shy to speak, ??'? ? With a throb I could understand, .'?';.' Sho turned from my raptures her glowing cheek, And veiled it with faltering hand; ,-' ; And the gentle tremor which thrilled her frame, And leaped from her pulse to mine, . To my thirsting soul with its message came,. Like the magic of cordial wine. At last she pitied the hopeless smart Of tho passions she long had scorned, . . And just as I felt sho had opened her heart, ; Sho opened her mouth, and— yawned !..'???. His Fir.uuES Wrono. — 'Say!' began a teamster as he entered a grocery on Grand River-avenue, ' I want you to do a little figuring for me.' 'Well?' ' 1 workod for a man five days at two dols. 7f- c. per day. How much' is that?' 'That's 13 dols. 75 c' 'Well, ho paid mo nine dols. 25 c. How much was the balance?' 'Why, four dols. 50 c, of course.' ' Sure about that ? ' ' Certainly. How olso can you figure it?' 'I made it seven dols.' ' Then .you aro way off. How did the other man make it ? ' ' Same as you, but ? ' 'But what!' 'Why, I oalled him a liar and a fraud and punched his head, and I have just paid a fine of 15 dols. in the Police-court ! Hung this new way of figuring, any how ! ' Tub ' Small 'Boy's Revelation. — It is the small boy who usually tells things, and tho dinner table is his favourite theatre. Not long ogo a bright little fellow out on Peuchtrce-strect peered over into the dish at the head of the table, and exclaimed, ' What a little chicken for so many people !' Tho company smiled surreptitiously, and his mother endeavoured to quiet him. But ho was liko Banquo's ghost. After they had all been helped and wero eating, his face suddenly lit up, and, clapping his hands, he shouted, ' Oh, yes, I know now, mamma. This is the little chicken that was sick so long in tho yard, ain't, it ? ' He Learned Sojuitiiixo.. — Tho other windy day as a gentleman stood on the Campus Martins waiting for a car his hut blew off and went sky-larking down the street. He was gathering himself for a run when another pedestrian called out: 'Stop! sir — stop!' ii Eh ? Sneakinir to me : what is it ?' ' Stand still. 8ir! Don't take a stop after your hat !' ' But I— ' 'Stop!' By this timo two women, iivo men, throe boys and a policeman were in chase of tho hat, and it was not only speedily run down, but the dirt was care fully brushed oil' by tho rescuer before herestored it with a bow and a smile. ' See !' queried the pedes trian who luid cried stop. ' I do. Thanks. I've learned something new.' The Uouiii'.r, the Tuaveller, and the Mandarin. — One time, as a peasant waa travelling along the highway, ho encountered a robber who had been lying in ambush. When a f'emnnd was mado for his money ho wept and lamented and besought the, rob ber to at least, spare him hiilf. 'Come down with evory stiver or (iff coiiips the top of your head!' shouted the robber: and he left the peasant not ono copper coin. An hmir l.-iti-r, ;is tho jobber was t.ikipg ' things easy along the road, he was mot by a Mandiirin and escort, r.nd the big man ordered (hut he bo seized and searched. When his cash was brought to light, the, Mandarin exclaimed : ' Ah ! he has too mucli money f-ir an honret man! T/ile it away from him and give him fiO strokes of the bamboo !' Next day tho sore anil limping robber again encountered the pea.-ant, and lie at once fell iipcm him in anger, crving out : 'Ah! if you had nut, yielded up your cu'*!i to me I should not have hem bamboozled !'' 'And if 1 had not yielded you would havo cut .my throat!' replied the peasant. Moral: Somo men aro bound lo be in the soup, anyhow. Not To Bi.a.mi:.— The other ni»hr., when it was darker than a tar barrel outside the circle of the different electric, light.-*, and while tho rain camo down with a steady drizzle, a patrolman discovered a miin standing in the middle of the street between the Grand Circus Parks. Ho stood (hero so quietly and 60 long that (lie officer finally went out to him and asked : ' Well, what's tho matter?' ' Nozzing mazzer wiz me,' was the reply, delivered in a voice as thick as a four-inch plank. ' But what arc you standing hero for ? ' 'To slieo ze moon.' ' 'Moon?' 'Yes; wan' sheo moon rise over a great, pity.' ' But there is no moon to-night, and there won't be. How do you expect to sco the moon through this rain and darkness?' 'Dunno. Orter be moon. ? Doan' blame me if you donn' s-lieo moon.' ' You come along with mo ! I see what ails you!' 'Going t' shend mo in?' ' Yes.' ' Nozzor outrage by police department ! Do I run 'er moon ? Mi to blame cause moon doan' j rise? Moon orter to bo hero, but 1 can't help it. Shirty days causo I doan' run 'or moon, oh ? Well 1 Well !' ' Do contemporary authors hold thoir own ?' asks the London Times. ' Oh, bless you, yes. And soino of thorn hold everything of anybody's elso they can reach with tho scissors. ___ 