OUR BARRIER LETTER. [By our own Reporter.] Broken Hill May 11. What American scribes would call a "£2,.300 blaze occurred here in the small hours of Sunday morning. Messrs. D. & W. Murray, well-known in Adelaide commercial circles, have a warehouse in a. lane running next to :«id parallel with Argent-strnet, and in this J.uilduig between £2,000 aud £3,0 i«) worth of tlry goods received storage. Throe mi?n who were passing the building shortly *iu-v 2 t.Vlock saw a lurid glare through the. windows mid at once gave the alarm. The fire brigade, s? organisation which is present at most con flagrations, witliout any water to help it and which get* free admission to the theatre, Ac, in their conspicuous but unnecessary uni form, was quickly on the spot, and their «'tK-rations were attended with greater su-jcess than is usually the cane. It wafe found that tlie ■tin; had broken out in the rear part of the ImiMing. where an entrance «as obtained in tlit* old-fashioned way. The members oC the lirigade and others cart-fully removed the burn ing goods from inside tlie bnilding and ex tiiigui«hed the flames in the open air. After ilie tire the Ulterior of the warehousejn-estaited an extraordinary appearance. The flames had )h-.n confined to a very small space, but enclosed v.ulun four strong wall" without any means «>t i-scaping the heat uiust have been tremen >l<«i.". AliUfn oven was formed in which tlie jn> at lmlk of the goods w« baked to cinders. 3'i-um the outside appearance, of the workshop nobody could gather that -such beat had been generated within. Some of the goods had been roasted to such an extent that on being touched they fell to aslies. Messrs. D. &J.; j }'owler"s representative had an office in the front part of the building, a considerable dis- j tance from where the outbreak occurred, and iv this everything was curled into unrecogni sable shapes, pictures were roasted from their hooks, corks jiopped from hundreds of bottle-, :aid altogether there was a very lively time. The free and independent raU*j>ayexH of Srurt ward are indignant because one of their representatives in the council (Alderman Rock- | liffe) will not accede to their request and resign. Before his election Alderman Rock liffe is said to have promised that if at the end «if six months he failed to give satisfaction he would surrender the position. He was waited <>n by a deputation a day or two ago and re minded of this promise, but he said lie did not recollect it, and even if he did make the promise, he had no intention of keeping it. At Stephens Creek the works of the Broken Hill Water Supply Company are being pushed :>htttd with much vigor, but a long tmie will ret elapse before the holding area is covered ?ith water. The American Minstrels are having a Mn<v>th, l«it not pattioukuly golden run at tlte Koyiil. A male tJiow does not draw strongly here. Without a [w of tlie gentler sex. tlie concern Jllllh fiat. Football has caught on with all tlie yonng- Mlows, and on Saturday afternoon the reserve was die scene of an interesting game between ihe South Australians and Broken Hill*. The m-atr-h resulted in a. win for South Aus tralia, I A nnmber of publicans have be«n fined for i-t- lling liquor during prohibited hours on Sun «lay?. This is now a different plaoe from the Broken QiU of three or four years ago, and it will soon be just as difficult to get served here with the cup that cheers as it is hi fair Adelaide. Some amusement has been caused iv local ruining circles by the statement nude in a ii-o-nt ircue of London Truth, that "in die • .pinion of mining experts tlie rich veins from the Proprietary Company run through the five 1 .locks of the Australian Broken HOI Consols Company.' Truth seems to know more than sjiy Australian man or newspaper. It say* Consol shares will see £10. So mote it be. A mere child named Dealrin it at present in «nr lock- up tinder semtence of. death foe murder. He is visited occasionally by the Church of England minister and Mr. Badham, the police magistrate, but says very little as to his crime or punishment. It is understood, of • ourae, that the sentence will be commuted to penal servitude, a punishment even worse than death to a child so young. At the Proprietary mine the latest develop ment is is the farm of a ghost. During the 3a.st few nights the surface bands hare had llitir attaihon attracted to a huge shadowy form which flitted at intervals alone the crest of the great ironstone outcrop, ana the mys terious visitor struck terror to the hearts of many of the plucky fellows who gazed upon it- It was endowed, they said, with four legs and two enormous horns grew oat from its liuuL The other night the "ghost" was caught. It turned out to be a goat. Mayor Morgan has returned from Sydney. He went down in connection with the proposed Cobar to Coekbum raibvay, and he looks an though he has had a good tune. Fflix Tanner, after changing his mind about :i dozen times, has decided to go on with his -M) days' fast. He has changed his quarters to a small building opposite the Commercial Hotel in Oxide-street, and offers for a wager to fast for 45 days. The jieople of Broken Hill «l<?-s not appreciate a man who starves to live. Socially Broken Hill is in a rather bad way. A friend of mine is the proprietor of an snug a little business as there is in town. He. loves .—>lo whist and other card games and m order t<> make up a party the other evening he invited <me of his assistants round to his private house. A couple of hours went by pleasantly and when the party broke up the assistant innocently pished sixpence into his hand, remarking in a ! l«rond manner, "There, that pays my share of the kerosine." •Toe Goddard says he rs awfully pleased with the treatment he has always received in this «.-ity and that this would be the fairest field for Mime of the big knighte of the fistic arena to meet in. With one exception, he declares, he lias never fought but to win. The exception was the 10 round go with Owen Sullivan. He had the fight, he says, mare to oblige ■"Owen" than for any other reason. That was a funny thunderstorm which oc curred on Thursday. The clouds gathered, iiurst, and. cleared away again before the [K-ople of the town could make up their minds as to what was happening. The whole thing was over in a few minutes, and then the sun I <-hone out and the sky was as bine as if nothing liad happened. Tiiere was not sufficient rain to wash the roofs of the booses and make the gutters run. Mining speculators are. always praying for rain and then when it •oraeethey pray thatit will stay, but their prayers for many months past hare been unavailing. Of all the towns in the world Broken Hill is About the wont off in more respects than one. Year after year passes away and still it has no permanent water supply, and people still have to bay their water from the cartels at per hun dred gallons. The Copley family were never meant to be parted by lightning. On Thursday morning an electric streak strong enough to light all Broken Hill for s few months to come """yd in through die front window of Copley 1* house, staggered for % while round the parlor, where Mrs. Copley and her little ones were sitting, set fire to a few books which were lying on the table, pulled a few bricks from the inside of the chimney, dashed the baby from itR mother's arms to the floor, tore the dress from a little girl aged four years, split her boots open, and rendered her and her brother aged nine years unconscious, and then west away apparently •satisfied. No serious damage was done, but the ytraagrtere were terribly frightened. To he polled about with an awkward piece of fork lightning in enough to make one feel upset. Dr. Thompson attended the children soon after the occurrence, and they have now nearly re covered from the. shock. Townspeople are getting just about tired of Itolidays. It is seldom that a week passes without some holiday being gazetted to break the routine of a fellow's business. Assistants have • half-hoHd&y; every Wednesday, and on the anniversary of every trivial event? public holiday in proclaimed in that Government organ which seems to have the power to do anything. Bosraeea proprietors are thinking «.f forming a society, the object of which will be to get at least four days' work from their f-mployes each week. The Town Hall is rapidly approachinff com pletion aad die opening ceremony wfll shortly take place. There is some specalatioa as to who will perform it. A Governor is the popular desire, but nobody seems to know when the street* of die silver city win be trodden by viceregal feet. The post-offion, which was started at about the same time as the Town Hall and is a much smaller building, in no nearer completion than it was several months ago. The local postmaster on being asked by his department when the new build ing would be ready for occupation replied—' " At the puMuU rate in about three years.'" 1 When the. Barrier champion went into the ring on Monday night to knock Billy McCarthy oat in 12 roands he was received with cheera, for be baa given some really good fhcpm here and made many friends. Little McCarthy aho was loudly cheered, but the id«?of matching two such men struck every bodyjot o«oe as being absurd. The fight was) all over in six roandx, and beyond the dogged pluck shown by the lighter man it was de ti'dedlyuninteresting. Goddard took things very •|uietly. k He could afford to. When McCarthy, bnatoi and Ueeding,puned himself tip off the fl<ior after being felled by one of Goddard's terrible biaw?, sod stood half blinded bnfore his antagonist and ready to receive the finish ing blow, Goddard stood still and would not give it McCarthy was tlien taken off by hiu sKoudp. Both men were heartily applauded, and Goddard received a few groans from a. half-doom men who had lost money on the tight. A fairer fight was never fought, and f< w awve uuereniy matched men have ever met «a local boards. The cengns just completed has shown that Broken S*H wiring die last half-dozed years .nan item <M nwet pmgmww town in all Anrtralia. The Broken Hill mince, direatly or inonmctly, are now supporting a local popola tkmoforer&SOO.; Tfie town ban an*reaof 2b efmt mil*, m« at ike prtmt t*H of progresMon every building block will soon be occupied. Mr. Keg TVI), one of the, most popular of i-jiortsmeji and fairest of referee^, has been ap |K>uited coroner for this district. He was toasted the other evening after the purse ha<l Ijeen [wid over to the winner of die tight, and in reply he said he did not think die offices of runnier and referee would run very well in d> >üble names.". There was always a possi bility of a. tight ending fatally, and it would scarcely do for him to referee a fight at which a man was killed and then " sit" on his body. A prim suhj«-ct to talk about at a settling up. Keg says that on special occasions he does not think lie will be able to resist going into the ring as referee. 