THU DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for II stomach," said o wealthy Anict'tciin recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, hut he was not ublo to buy the article even at that price. Mr. ThomaB (laskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near l)erby, is not so rich ns ninny, being a gardener, hut he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and lie sholl toll it in hi» own way. Mr. Gaskin goes ou to say t " Up to eight yearn ngo I had never lost un hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beesten, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and slime, the latter BO thick and stiokly that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill np ' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. 1 had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till 1 bled at the nose, and thc blood rush out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and hod to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to tho Notting- ham Hospital, and after attending there for six montUB was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, then worse, and at last thu doctors recom- mended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation lo the Derby- shire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in thc hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. Thc first one said, "You are in a galloping consumption, and must die ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed mc to do what little I could iu his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Tilings went on like this until Decem- ber, 188S, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. 1 was always coughing and» spitting np phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin und bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " Tho doctor kept on attending me, but be said, ' I can do you no good ; I eau only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world. "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ? ' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoria-street. After the first dose I bad an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I waB able to go out for a Bbort walk. By the end of a Fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I com- menced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at ouce, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for sis mouths I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." "ia giving bis consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Kcctley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey twenty-two years, and bcar¿ an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not eallopiag consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into lúa grave in less tbau three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has luug symptoms like con- sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken aud wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. Wc heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and recommend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 