N'lMPOBTE* By J. O. B. The Paris society for eating horses consumes 2,000,0001b., or about 900 tons a year. Assuming that eight steeds go to the ton, fully 7000 chargers annually find their way to the kitchen and the table. It is, perhaps, as well not to consider too curiously the nature and medical history of the animals, consider ing that they brought but a trifle over twopence a pound. Oh ! the gruesome gliastliness of eating a horse that from youth to age had drawn a hearse ! Most, if not all of them, were born to low degree, and had passed the heyday of their horsehood between shafts of various kinds. It is not improb able that a fair sprinkling of them were military mokes, prepared at the trumpet' s call to convey cannon to the Fanbourgs when the ' Reds ' and the Republic were at variance. There is something essentially human in getting all the work you can out of a quadruped and then eating him as a reward for past services. A good deal of nonsense has been said and written on the nobility and in telligence of the horse. As a matter of fact the brute ordinarily brains his best friend and carries his worst enemy. It would be no cause for regret if horse-eating became the vogue in Sydney. The pace at which some of the cab mammals travel when a train has to be caught, or a fire reached, im presses the most humane man with the conviction that nothing short of a widespread desire for horse flesh will make life tolerable in the capital of New South Wales. * * * * It was the Grantully Castle steamship that con veyed Lord R. Churchill to South Africa, where his mission is not very clear, and whence he sends letters written like those of a — of a Cabinet Minis ter. When some one asked how Bacon wrote poetry, the answer was ' like a Lord Chancellor.' One of the drollest traits in ordinary human nature is the attention paid to the opinions of a man on a subject of which he knows nothing, on account of his knowing everything regarding a totally ? different subject. When Dr. Johnson was asked his opinion about music, a cynical bystander might aptly exclaim ' Powers divine ! what does he know about it?' To return to Randolph. While his barque was on the sea, it is reported that a flying fish came aboard and found, like Napoleon, when he voluntarily transferred himself to the deck of the Bellerophon, that it was like leaving a mode rately warm frying-pan to grill in an immode rately hot fire. The fish was caught, killed, and about to be stuffed by one of the passengers when Lord C., so the story goes, begged it from him and obtained it. He cooked and ate it. As he picked his teeth he observed, while the donor glared at him, that flying-fish were far from unpalatable — not so dainty, perhaps, as turbot, but decidedly superior to perch. Tho wings, particularly, he thought tit bits, and regretted the creature had not four. There is a moral to be drawn from the incident — a moral replete with interest and instruc tion. Like Tom Moore, the average Briton dearly loves a lord. In his ' Snob papers ' Thackeray proved this with a wealth of illustration that omitted nothing. Had an ordinary fellow passenger, or the chief officer, or the captain him self requested the vagrant fish without stating what he intended doing with it, do you think he'd have been accommodatcd ? Walker ! One reads the incident with pleasure — pleasure that tho creature was solicited, granted, and eaten ; but most pleasure of all that the capturer exposed his hand by complaining. * * * * They make short work of their enemies in Chili. It is a well-known fact that Civil wars are the most uncivil and brutal of all. It is like a falling out between relatives or next-door neighbours. The bitterest things are always said, the bitterest deeds always done, by friends who once were all-in-all to each other. This is why husband and wife, once they really disagree, are never the same towards each other again. This is why the withholding of divorcein cases where wounds impossible to be healed have been inflicted on either or both sides is the very apotheosis of cruelty. Pope and Addison were once fast friends. But the little deformed child of atrabiliousness and genius gave the world the famous lines on Atticus. The wound never closed till the creator of Sir Roger lay in the coffin. Regard ing Chili. From the long, bloody, and doubtful struggle against the Moors the Spanish character became a synonym for inhumanity. The blend with the South American Indians did not improve it. Darwin tells how, when on the Beagle, whose eventful voyage resulted in creating modern biology, he saw the half-breeds during a revolution cut the throats of cattle and greedily swill the blood as it spouted from the severed arteries. The calling of an editor appears to be attended with many drawbacks in Chili. The answer to a leading article seems to resolve itself into a file of soldiers and a dead wall to convince the man of letters of his mistake. The method has some advantages, as it prevents tedious legal pro ceedings and suggests to the next editor the advis ableness of care in revising proofs. In fact, a Chilian journalist who honestly believes in the power and freedom of the press has to sleep with one eye open like an American cowboy. It is to be hoped that the country's customs, so far at least as editors and correspondents are concerned, will not obtain a footing in Australia. At the same there may be cases in our midst where a couple of magazine rifles and a trifle of smokeless powder might clear the atmosphere a bit, even if they con ferred untimely immortality upon a few. * * * * They are about to form a literary and debating society at Manly. It is a remarkable fact, for which no adequate explanation has yet been given, that when a distant suburb or a distent settlement appears to be exceptionally thriving and happy some person comes or persons come to the front for the purpose of sowing acrimony and hate among the community by starting either a debating society or penny readings. They appear to ignore the well established circumstance that man was given two ears and but one tongue for the obvious purpose of hearing much and saying little. In the smoke room of the Sydney School of Arts a society of the kind about to be established in Manly meets once a week or so for the purpose of ventilating views on every question likely to arise within the confines of the Cosmos. It was but a few nights ago, while I was sitting unostenta tiously there in a state of mental simmer at Grant Allen's late article on the 'stodginess ' of tho British public, which taboos all novels unfit to be placed in the hands of the ?' young person' of unimpeachable morals — such fiction as that of Balzac, Ibsen, Tolstoi, and other dead or living celebrities— that the members of the society filed in and began their proceedings. Forget it? ? never. The only business on the board consisted of the investigation of a misunderstanding between two of the officers. The proceedings, like English March weather, came in like a lion and went out like a lamb. But the pungency when at its best could hold up its head in any company. Observed one rather weedy youth, with evident sincerity, 'W'y not make things up an' shake 'and# ? I've 'ad disputes my self — sometimes I got a 'idin' an' sometimes I gave a 'idm'.' The universal opinion seemed to be that it was in the former particular he most distinguished himself. And now Manly wants a debating society ! Poor race of men, said the pitying spirit, Dearly you pay for your primal fall ; Some fragments of wisdom you still inherit — Some guerdons of fortune still you merit But tho x-enchant for prating will ruin them all. # * * * At last there's good news from England. Annie Besant has secured the terrestrial end of the theo sophical telephone so long in the possession of the late Madame Blavatsby. By recent advices, Annie seems to be doing, in every sense, a roaring trade with Madame B.'s customers, who are of all ages, countries, characters, and professions. This was to be expected, as she secured the goodwill of the business, and might confidently rely on a continuance of custom from the dis embodied persons that dealt with her predecessor. Besides, when ghosts get into the habit of frequent ing certain places or establishments, it is next to impossible to induce them to shift or deal else where. There's nothing so conservative as a ghost. Night in night out it pursues the same undeviating course, hangs about the same family vault or bedchamber, and wears the same old fashioned clothes— generally kneebreeches and a brass-buttoned coat high in the collar, with a Louis Quatorze waistcoat to match, and a snuff-box as roomy as a tea-caddy. Had Mr. Bradlaugh been still alive, it is doubtful if Annie would so readily hearken to super-mundane voices. You can never be sure what a woman '11 do. Just when she appears in most deadly earnest and apparently bent on pursuing the well-beaten highroad, she turns abruptly aside and takes to the bush. She meets a confessor, or a trauce-lccturcr, or a charlatan, and at once begins a new life under his auspices. The worst of these messages from another world is that they are seldom worth receiving, and, more seldom still, worth repeating. It is a dead certainty that, whether Mrs. B. remains for a long or a short period in her new faith, she will never'receivc a message increasing the world's knowledge, or dictating a fine poem, or conveying any information that is not already in possession of the bald man on top of the 'bus. There are some hopes from hypnotism — it has, at all events, opened tho world's eyes to curious but natural phenomena previously doubted or denied. But messages from mummies and magicians ! How profound the depths of mortal credulity 2 