SPORTING NEWS, ON THE FIELD. BY SENTINEE. I take it for granted that Carbine is properly hors de combat, notwithstanding that the hopes of those who-are immediately interested in him are so cheerful. We all know how much reliance is to be placed in thoughts when the wishes act as fathers to them. Since this great son, of Musket landed in Australia I have been, one of his thick and thin supporters, but now I am of opinion that the time has just about ar rived to wish him good evening, so far as the ensuing Cup is concerned. The in jury to Carbine has been universally deplored, and though its effects may not be permanent, they are sufficiently serious to jeopardise his chance of winning this cup. Fit on the day he would have had a fair five to one chance of landing it, but with a horse constitutioned as he is, the very briefest cessation of work at such a period must inevitably be harmful. 1 may be wrong in my estimation of the champion’s recuperative powers, but I will thus early assume the. responsibility of declaring that Carbine cannot win. Well, if Carbine is out of our calculations, where shall we look for another to take his' place. For the present it will be one of the' same family, and that one Tirailleur, This horse ia by Musket—Florence M’Carty, and is now a five-year-old. Asa two-year-old he has nothing to credit, but as a three be piit up about as brilliant a record as any horse now on the turf can - show, ■ Tirailleur started 10 times, :and was returned the' winner of each event. The tenth event was the Grand Northern St. Leger,; and in this he was indulged with a walk over. He began his victorious career at Hawke’s Bay, where he won the Guineas, 1 mile, carrying S.lO in 1 48. This was followed by the Spring Handicap, 1J miles, 7.11, in 2.481. At Napier he won the Park Stakes, 1£ mUes, 8.7, in 2.18. Journey ing to Canterbury, he won the New Zea land Cup, 2 miles, 6.8, in 3.34 J. Two days after he won the Canterbury Cup, 2£ miles, 7.6, in 43. At Dunedin three weeks after he walked away with the On slow Plate, 1J miles, 8.5, in 2.15. Then at Auckland the fireat Northern Derby, 1J miles, 8.10, in 2.44 J, was added to his list. Next day won the Auckland Plate, miles, 8, in 3'4, and then the Wanganui Derby, 111 miles, 8.10, in 3.8 J. It is true that the quality of the cattle which he was called upon to meet was not such as he will be required to tackle at Flemington, but he took everything that came along, and got away with them. The time records also are none too swift, but as he was never thoroughly extended, we may take it for granted, that he could have shortened them very considerably had it been necessary for him to do so. Scots Grey, who cleared out from a first-class field at Flemington, and Sultan, who was one of the. best performed horses in New Zealand were no use to him soever. A’s lam Informed by a friend, who saw him win several of. his that he is a second Carbine, and that his owner has backed him legitimately to win this Cup, I can see.nothing in the handicap that reads better than Tir. Last season he did not strip at nil,- and as his spell did' him an im mensity of good;, lie has only to peel off pink on 3rd November to make nine-tenths of his opponents sit back. This is not written to induce readers'to back him at present, be cause it is too early to do so, but it. may be the means .of keeping them off something that hasn't a ghost’s show. When he arrives at'headquarters and I have had an opportunity to see him in motion, I will be with you once again. 