the HEW YORK TWILIGHT CLUB. A UNIQUE ORGANISATION. A PENOLOGICAL QUESTION. how shall we prevent orime7 . an original and suggestive paper .by an expert in prison administration. Tho Twilight Club of New York wa founded 4th January, 188.'!, "to eultivute good fellowship and enjoy rational rccrcp.- tiou." Tho requirements for membership ore— "To ho a clubahla fellow, with onu dollar in pocket." It has no club house, no orgaiiisntion. no officers excepting a secre tary, who arranges for Uio fortnightly din- ne».'i, sclccw the subjects for discussion, the sneakers, and prepares a full summary of tho proceedings which, put in type, is posted to each member. There is a different chairmau at each meeting. Tho certificate of membership, a uniipio document, contains thefollowiiig list of principles : — Debts, By-Laws, President, Constitu tion, Salaries. NO Full Dress, Mutual Admiration, Do- fnlcalions, Decamping Treasurer, Watered Stock, Parliamentary Rules, " I'roviou3 Question." NO Lengthy Spccckc3, Lato Honrs, Pro fanity, "Fish Stories," "Sailors' Yarns," Duelling,' Freo Dinners, Scandal, Bribery. NO Pcrsonaliiicsj Party Politics, Preach ing, Gambling, Dynauiito, "Bouncer." NO Conventionality, Graud Reform, High Ideal, Papers, Dues. No Puns, Gush, Cant, Red Tapo, For mality, Humbug. Tho club prides itself upon its tolerance, and admits anyonn to membership without distinction. It includes men of almost every nationality, political and religious creed, and it discusses every question in tho frankest inauuor. It is tiio freest debating club in America ; all sides of ovorv subject aro pre sented, nnd no ono is afraid to 6pcnk hi mind. Tho membership includes clergymen, lawyers, engineers, physicians, architects, professors, journalists, merchants, in short, ' all sorts and conditions of men." Among tlio subjects discussed at re cent mooting havo been the following : — "Is It Worth Whilo to Go to Collego?" ".Should Sunday Schools be' Abolished?" "Is Micro Something Poisonous in Printer's Iuk 7" " Shall wo tako tho Twolvo Men Out of tho Jury Box 7" "Do Doctors Ever Curo Disotso?" "Is Philanthrophy a Failure?" " Where shall tho Good ucathcn go?" "Do you boliove in ghosts ?" " Shall wo always steal Foreign Books ?" "How did you earn your first dollar ?" "Tho Bibloin the Public Schools" ; " IIow would you mako this a Bettor World ?" This illustrate tho method of treating current topics. In discussing the paper read, fivo minuto speeches aro tho rule, and early hours nro maintained. A lending citixun of New York, who is a member, snys tlio Twilight is tho only common sense club hu evar attended — a ptatomcnt which soma Molbouruo men endorse. At its 182nd fortnightly mooting, recently hold, this timquo organisation disuuBscd the vastly important qucstiou — HOW SHALL WE PREVENT CRIME? Tiio fuaturo of tho evening was tho paper read hy Augustus A. Brush, Warden of .Sing Sing prison, who spoko from tho experience of many years in prison nuministratimi and advanced somo novel ideas In tho caurso of Ids strong and carncstnttcrnnco. Tho paper, which was thoughtfully received by a rep resentative guthoring, appeared in full in'a recent issuo of tlio New York " Curistlan Union," and is a follow How to provent, or rather how to lesson, onnio is ono of tho most momentous qucs tiou of tho present day. 