. Daisies Detter from Paris; I August 15.; & The Academy, of, Hairdressers Ib at daggers drawn with toe -fashionable world.- -Hitherto \- the capillary artiste led the ladies in. toe matter .ofiopiffdro; ; at. present, the ladies ore indepen dent, , for: Uie prevailing!", Greek coiffure la; the output of. thoir . own taste, and. furthor,' thpy have no difficnlty in1 dressing their hair tYom- scIvob, for the style' Greek is undulatoty, ; vopy simple, most convenient, and suits all - ladies. Naturally too temple ol Ephesuz is in danger, not so mnoh from diminished dresaitag.'s'eryioes, bat from the faot thst so tittle falso hair can be employed' in the ruling mode. Whon the hobd dress was synonymous with a scaffolding, fa|so locks had to bo employed iu profusion. One -hairdrqjstr honestly avowed tout ho. did not loso by too ohungo ; too .Greek plan was the oppo site to thb soaffolding, and he mado it lower by means of pobtiohes, pins, hnd - frisettes, so that ' ho never Bold moro false hair than nbw. That did not oonsolo tho 'fraternity, ..who negoliated with tho jowollors and fiariBts, ahd drew up n petition to.Parliamoat, praying that that a law bo voted compelling ovory lady at tending a theatre to remove her bonnet before ontoiing-hor box. This wonld foroo ladies, to have their bair, artistically dressed, and would naturally involvo tho weariog of jewelloryjiu toe. coiffure as woll as of flowers. Tto' Parlia ment did not toko tho -petition into oonsidera- tion, considering that tho ladies know always what snited them best. M. Morioe was seoretary to .toe Dao Ide Camjbaoeres, toe grand- ohamboriein of yho 'Second Empire from 1853 to 1870 ; during that period he kopt a dally rooord of all the .State ceremonies and of tho persons prosont IJho : mnnloipnlity bos purohasod too manaBcripts. Tho description of too golden rose presented in 1807 by tho Pope to toe Empress is interest ing. It consists of a golden flower yasa fall of fall bloom rosos in gold, dominated by the coneeoratod flower. Tho vase has a Btom ia lapis-loeuli, bearing tha names in moBaia in- crueUtions both of tho Pope and tho Emperor. On tbo vaBO are two has- reliefs ropresontlng- tho birth of too Virgin and her presentation at tho temple. On Jmy 10, 1870, when war had been declared against Germany, Napoleon received a letter fom King William, lator emperor, annonnoing the birth of a grandohild. On the day of tho battle of Sedan a similar lotter waa received from another ooasin, the Emporor ot Russia, notifying the birth of, an orohduohcee. Napoleon III. rcoast many | of tho old court usages, tons : Whoover desired admittance to his room was to knooh at tho door, instead of the anoisnt custom of "scratch ing liko a oat." UnlikohiB predecessors, he novor drew too bolts of tho doors, when in his apart meut. Ho abolished ton onntom of hnviDg speoial spoons, goblets, plates, &o.;, locked up in a chest, - and only placed before him when he took his seat at tnblo, to avoid being poisonod. He did away with thai othor prooaution of enveloping hiH plate, &o.;, wito a napkin, till he was seated.. Ho took hie obanoe to bo poisoned, like his guests, and tha risk existed, as he gpve the woret dinners in Paris. Tho beBt dinner .given under toe :Second Empire was General Flfury'e, that whioh scoured him toe ambassa dorship to Russia. The first Napoleon told his visitors thai when ihey wnuteu : gouu uiuutu: they Bhonld dine with his generals. The now 6 o'olook tea is not a modern infti- tntion, as I find the Prince do Oontl, in 1763, gave teas that acqutrod notoriety. Whqntho sorvsnts laid too tea tablo thoy withdrew. . The prinoe looked the dooro," tbe ladles i made the tea, the gentlemen handed it round,' toe King presenting the first oup to tho hostoBV. One of the greatest pleasures of Louis XI V. wsi to mako too coffoo for his guests. Tho University or Cookery Sohool will not . only bo empowered to grant diplomas, bnt to reoeivo intern pupils irrespective of nationality. The latter is an unexpeoted piooo of liberality, as tho French authorities are closing every door against too stranger. No sohool, whether for young ladies or yonng gentlemen, will; be allowed to exist in Franco from January I, 1893, nnlcss the prinoipal bo French. The professors of every living language must: bo also French. i Tho Duko do M— is laughed at as a lunatio, beoauso ho cats his meals in jths kitchen ; the latter is really pnly a part of |tho baronial hall. The dako indulges in no innova tion. Up to tha seventeenth oontary, thoro wap no special room for dining ; the meals w ere served cither in bed oliambor.s or the kitchen. Tne'.Con- netaUo of Montmorcnoy maintained that wjien a young noble with an inoqme of 1,500 franos, prefers todine'ln'n speoial room .instead of itho kitohen, hq must .he: in an nnsonsd state of mind. , Tho doctors aro . protesting that .too. worst: plnco people oan- go to, aftor leading's fast season life in the capital, is to a -fashionable watering plaoe: Their oounsols ore disrsgardod - to jndgo by tho mountains of baggqgq.at ;tho. railway termini.- Tho favourite trunks ard in wioksr-work covered with oilcloth, and Itho length bf a jupon. In toe bottom tho personal linen ; at top the most fragilo urtloloo of to)iot. A speoial portmanteaa in American. lined is dovotcd to night dresaoa and toilotio noooBsaribs —in a -word to articles that will be immediately required without opening tho trunk. , ' J Striped flannels and'blus sorgos, are tfio [do minating dress materials for travelling: tha sea side or tho oountry. They woar wbll and look tbe same if simply pmdo. The s taffs ' must ho good, and can bo onhanced with silk [ornamen tations. For evoning wear, foulards; satlnoftos, and muslins. Robes still retain too tehdehqy to lengih, with a ghost of a train, iahd .hi sort of nmbrolla oxpaneion. Slcoyos oontipuo' lte ho worn high, and tho shonldors squaro. Pinks end bines are tho reigning colours. \ Tbe polerino, ' in . hlaok laoo) is a' general favourite; at onoo light and qlbgajit. For . Indies no longor young nor yot aged, the jaqnette is the most ouitdblo, 'and it suppresses the mantle. The yollotv or blaok loathor beltij -nro.i)t last being out-rivalled by loosp ri ibon, aaehes.1' "... . ' . Bailor hatb nrb In great 'vogue; trimmed jvlth ribbbn, baVing n. tip of n wing nt too (ido Largo hate uro thiogly. trim, mod with .fqatoors and flowers. Tho brims oro. soft, to .enahio "being tumcdup na tho '\7 caret -desires: Ojpo- linos nnd oapbies appemfjo bo ma(loqf nbtlunga -La tittlo qolotirbd .'Straw, robes, ribbon, and .longiitringd., J.-i - . v 1 'j'.i c„ j . T.ha - attempt to; dethrone RjqJMspl; . otoo ting ; by tbo wbite -Biik has failed. , For seaside and boubity',' ffib /wkiW.bhbeTordreaaVbw thai -fcotiire m' ftftteht Toathor.-'.'Gkud nodtoh ,in4;v .wito n'eatroitqps, 1 'tavo.-'ajitlny; lo'o)cm£(-( l(is'' .ttMhrfeli r>i"T '.'..'i-rcnir-iici Ju Was 