A JOURNEY ACROSS SIBERIA. By James Campbell. from vladivostok to basdolnoi. It was a glorious Juue morning when we started, aud we were in the highest of spirits. Our tarantasses were driveu to the door, our luggage adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were ott. The yemtshiks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages they could jog along iu the doziest fashion. We had scarcely gbue half a mile before our fiery steeds, ambitious apparently of out- flying the eagles, settled down iuto quite respectable roadsters, with such a pace as one sees to perfection when paying the cab man by the hour. The tarautass is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly aud clumsy is the smallest fault to find with it — that might be said of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth — but the fault beyoud 11 others is that it is without springs, and therefore every part of our economy is sorely bruised when the roads are rough aud we tyavel at night. On fair roods it is not so bad, but on rough roads this de lectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone iu his body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, as there is no con- veuieuce for carrying it outside, aud luggage is not the pleasautest of things to sleep on. The knobs and corners are distinctly in evidence during the night, as the yemtshiks then drive fast, being Hhxious to get to tbeir journey's end, aud fearing robbers. One may have dozed off at last, when a sadden collision with a root or stone will send you fiyiug heavenwards, coming back to earth with a crash, or your tarautass lurches iuto a rut, and your head is banged against the side, which cither dazes you into meekness or arouses all the fire and fury of the latent Adam. Nevertheless, so great is the adapt ability of the human frame to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I fouud I could sleep very soundly, even under the conditions of a tarautass. Adjust ment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian tarautass. The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is an altogether charming route, with pretty hills aud valleys, the latter de bouching up.ou the bay, forest and opeu land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 verets — the verst is two-thirds of a mile — we came to a post station, aud I had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay in front of me. The Russian Government has put a network of post routes over the face of the empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating communication. The stations are let by contract, the contractor being compelled to keep so many troikas of horses, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of pairs, as else where. The central horse is between the shafts, and trots. The other two are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside horses are trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the one looking to the left aud the other to the i ight, so that as you sit behind they look like two iimneuse notes of intcrrogat:on. The post stations on the Siberian route keep from three troikas to 15, aud the cost iB fixed by the Government at from li to 3 kopeks per verst, or, to put it so that it may be better uiidt-rstanded of the people I ain writing for, you get three horses to carry you 20 miles for a little under half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver iu any part of Australia at the rate of 2s. fid. per 20 miles ! These are the rates west of Irkutsk ; east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australiuu writers and speakers, t hat whilst the difference between prices in various countries may be immense, the dif ference in values may be very little. The horses are just as we'i fed as those in Aus tralia, the drivers the same, though their food m Ay not be quite as fine. Undoubtedly the Australian driver has much more of all good things thau the iriberiun yemtshik, yet nothing to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact is that the difference is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We inflate our prices and seem to he paying much more; but, ' because we inflate all round, it practically reduces things back to exchanging articles wit h high figures attached to them, whilst the real vaiues remain untouched. If I sell a working man a hat at 20s., and he charges trie a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we had agreed for 10s. or li»., and in this simple statement will be fouud the solution of many of the facts of the world where low-priced labour makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate of the country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or Europe. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the well-being of the people. The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of popula tion, the productive capacity of the soil, and the industry aud moral status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well, and was immensely interested when he learned I came from Australia. He made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, and we parted with high professions of esteem. Later on I found out that the idea tint all Russian officers cau spc-ak another language than their r.wn is au error. Quite one-half with whom I came in contact could speak nothing but Russian, or, at best, a few words of French or German. The best lin guists of the world, as far as the official and . and upper classes are concerned are un doubtedly the Dutch ; then the Germans, and after them the Russians. When I say the Germans, I am not sure but equal with them are the Danes, Norwegians, and Swedes ; all of these surpassing far the Latin races of every sort, and the English-speaking peoples everywhere. I think I have said before, and if not I say it now, that the Americans and Australians shape to be the worst linguists of the world because of their isolation. Even with the reservations I have made about the' Dutch and Germans, it is still true that the Russians are excellent linguists, and their pronunciation of any foreign tongue is far superior to any other nation. This may arise from the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start was in glorious weather. In the afternoon it wus overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, and about 8 o'clock it was r&iuiug; torrents. The whole of the Amoor Province coast is noted for wet, no Jess than 230 days out of the year being rainy. It became dark us pitch, and at last we got bogged. We had to get out and trudge along the muddy road, supping and stumb ling as wo went. I began to reflect upon the fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask myself what sort of a journey this was likely to be if the first 50 turned out in this fashion. Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask myself further if I wai quite sane when I first re solved to undertake this journey. I knew some of my friends had no manner of doubt whatever — they thought I was as mad us a March hare, aud the doubt began to rise in my niind if. after all, they weren't pretty right. The average man is a comfort- lovitig rabbit, easily scared by discomforts and dearly loving liis own burrow, hating strange fooi and strange beds, prepared to gusli with rapture over - the glories of the Himalayas, if yon take him up the heights iu a lift, or to explore foreign lands, if he can do it iu a first class carriage. The stay-at- home shopkeeper spirits are -the special betes wares of travellers, and to feel that they are right and you are wroug is peculiarly galling to the euterprising souls who break fresh ground or depart from beaten and therefore comfortable tracks. Thus musing, with a certain bitterness of unreasonable resentment against some good folks at home, as if they were iu some fashion responsible for .my troubles now, I plodded on, getting more and more- doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mud that I' would not go back at any cost, but would see it through just to spite the critics !' At last the aim lights of the little town- of Rasdolnor came iu sight, and about half- past 10 we were in shelter for the night. It was a miserable post station — one of the worst on the whole Siberian' road.. There were two poky little rooms,, and there were no less than ten men of us to occupy thera. As we had all come off the muddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imugiurd. I selected- the least dirty- spot I could find, and. spreading iny rug out, I endeavoured to sleep- It was not the sleep of the righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway rug ou it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary.. Even if I had been- more comfortable, oue stertorous geutleman would have murdered sleep even more effec tually than Bauquo's ghost. His splutterings and explosious, his small artillery of snorting and heavy cannons of long- drawn. suoritigs, exceeded anything I had ever h-ird in my life. Tlie other Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped off,, though they commented upon it in the morning, but it kept me in a fever of helpless irritation. What could be done under such circumstances I could not talk to him, aud even if I could, I dou't supjKi.se it would have doue the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not his fault. We are searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together will some practical lover of his species invent a machine which, when fitted to our ears, shall make us oblivious of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications for loans ! That would be genius yoked to benevolence,, and there would be a fortune-in it. We made a scraggy breakfast the following : morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey ; and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could- not prevent me eagerly watching the country und admiring its beauty. Rolling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of the best soil, made a landscape of great beauty, aud told us of the possibilities of settlement in tbiR remote and unknown part of the earth. We ran alongside the River Suifuu part of the way, and some of its turns and bends were exceedingly lovely; and from a practical standpoint I should suppose it will become navigable for a considerable dis tance from its mouth for moderate -sized craft. We passed over a good deal of country greatly resembling the soil and rocks of Kyncton, now beginning to be occupied. It was u lovely country, the soil far superior to the average round Melbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day out from Vladivostok, which I usked myself a hundred times before I left j Siberia, what will this country be ? Tne quality of the soil was a revelation, the beauty of the scenery a surprise, aud the fuct that it has stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their, crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Before I have finished these papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the Amoor province are likely to become. 