What Is ft I I HE INF..UEVCF, THAT SOMKTIMES oniD sm against Jour will. ' So, I do not je'.leve in fihost',' Kaid an old lady of preatcxperirnce, f1 but Ido liclieve in the minintriition of -piirt.' This is not tho sge nor me country in ivhicb th» super natural Q'.uri?lics. Interest centres about the practical. ? minted houses a e r nted without I great difriculry, if tbs landlord is willing 10 knock off a portion of tho rent. There nre in my, however, who vji'l a'imit the exertion at timer of some peculiar iitluence f.wu\ing our ,-ictio.iv We are.; led to do things wo rhnuld no'. .!onf our owpvoli ion— he ^i dom of which we do no' appr- slate until' aft'r »ar s; then we wonder hoir we came tn do th-m. We aicfurecd,' o. M rn that worldly wisdom ii r.ot always I hat (which guide* in o the wises' courses. Jn tlrs priiciical age results a:e wh t people ate looking uficr. Th''y IHieva in what tl|ey s«e , the ' evidence of things not seen*1 iBjio fie weighed in Ihc futnre. V\ hen a min';i» sick he warns to «-it well: he runs little, whit me Meal method ij employid if itcuiex. Hut lit it does not cure ho, soon Ui^ins t-- donlit (ha nki'.l pf tho physi cian, and inquire into. hH methods of medi cation. A jnppy ihipg It Is KOMHtimcs if «om iifl ienjee iiidiice«Sin-{e«tigation before it i«tnola!c. /Mr. K. \Yi Hdmondi-on, of Mel. bonrne, /'?tff, 21 -t Oetolior, 1S90 :— ' SJnr iug ihaifiLl 10 yejuj B hue been ailing perindically/from a sjirirjus 1, Suction of the kjdncyr, ind in lat'or years my complaint became rnoro acute., so^lhit I was frequently ? eized with etabbing pains in the back. I had often pro onged htaij ohef , iho result of liver disorder. For ycijrs I thus suffered, and I thought thu disorder of the kidneys and liver would ring al out ajmore seiioui diaeare. Fjjallv I tiiid the cSii's of Warn.r's safe cure, and not until then Bid I experience any amelioration in my condition. The mo of this medicine spe-dily wroudita great change and lour liottles eff-cted a 'complete cure.1' Noto whit Mr. Henry Wiiirwick, of Lonrdalo Hiraet, Melbourre, sals:— '30th Octolier, 189J Forsomo ye»rs?I have b;en suffering from tirqoent att cks^lf g»vcl, ofiBO. with uulioirnble pains in tM luck and right side, and my digostivu .nrMis wer-: alto out. of order. In addi'ion I wKs ulllicVd with con gestion of the liver and) periodical hcadachei if a a. voro nature. Mylscffering was quickly removed when. reiOrtiaglto Warner's scfe. euro ol whloh I took four bDtjtler, when, tho aonie pains in the right «ide,;cjin ed by tho tongei lion of the liver, ceiled, while my kidnejs were restored to healthy iaotion.'- 