InEWSTITBHS. . ' I The Mount Morgan Company pay £50,000 in dividends for JJeccniber, being Is per share free of dividend tax. A daring robbery occurred at the Roman Catholic Church, Perkin-street, Newcastle, when the poor-box and offer tory were both broken open and their contents abstracted. , -The' exact, amount UUiiltllllUU UIUIUKI IS) UlU KUIMV1I, UUO ?believed to have been about ,£12 or £1:3. j The traffic on the railway line on Thurs day was heavy and 'U 07 more passengers j.vere carried than oil New Year's JJay f 1800. ^ A large number of special trains we're despatched. ''At a-recent lire at lladdon Rigg, Mr. J. E. Pearce used common -'watering cans, filled from the station travelling tank, with great effect. Mr. Pearce says that the ground which- can be covered, and the effect, produced, with one fill, is simply surprising. The difference in the work must also be appreciated by amateur bush fire brigades, for, bar nothing, extinguishing a bush fire with bags ' call's for more strength, perseverance, and endurance than any other, kind of manual labor that can be named. It is alleged that unionist seamen and firemen, are adopting paltry means of annoying ' free men retained in the employment of the associated steamship owners. During a recent voyage of the Barcoo/ithe clothes of four free firemen wero thrown overboard. : They were sitting in the verandah of the ' jSTever Say Die' Hotel, Forttown (say ' Will Honeycomb,' in the Dubbo Dispatch), and the tinkle tinkle of a . bell proceeded from a neigh boring. church, inviting men : to pray. 'Do you hear that bell?' asked Spinefex, and they /all .nodded assent. . /' Vv ell,' he continued. ' has a history: Twenty, years ago,/ when most of ,us up this way did a littl6 Roy Roy raiding, - and wern't ashamed of it, l and Harry Greenhide— lie is now with the majority,, being knocked out-,- after a big bottle, by . . James Hcnessoy, were out, in the mulga, and picked up two bullocks we had lost a month before. They got mixed up with some' workers and we could not get them home without driving the lot. One worker was 'as fat as a sell, and, we concluded it was a pity to let liihi go, so lie. went into'tho harness cask. Jt had a big bell on its neck, and [ kept1 that by ine for many a, year, till the Calathumpians built that little church over there. It has since done good service, audi reckon atoned for any little sin I committed in killing -that ' bullock. / Don't you think so ?' And tlie way the company clinked glasses and admiringly looked at the narrator showed that, so far as they were concerned, they did not believe -in the ghosts- of dead 'sins haunting one, especially when absolution was purchased by the dedication of a. portion of the stolen property / 1 o .vJtlio service - of the church. 1 .Five firemen were injured, though not . seriously,- vat!- the -fire at tlie Mutual Stoics, Melbourne, on New Year's morning. ' , - 