[?] fRITTEl IN RED ; the conspiracy in -the NORTH CASE. I I / A STORY OF BOSTON. I r»T CHAS. MONTAGUE AND C. W. DYAE. I CHAPTER ST.— IN DANGEB. I naaorter Thomas had no time to oonstruot ,2s to account for what had happened. I S»r whatever reason, Stella fc< orth was the L&u; he had unwittingly followed, and 1L\sl North was the woman who now lay in hSarms. as devoid of Ute to au appearances, I Hip twigs upon which her dainty feet were I nUris- He looked into her faee for the mnmentHh helpless irresolution. Thedictatee 5 common humanity would hare impelled him to nirr hsr, but it was no ordinary pity that filled Ins soul on this occasion. He had been aware ever since the day she flashed upon him fiiat appealing glance as her Bister was leading Ear from the room at Swampscott of a peculiar interest more romantic and tender, I perhaps- than he as a matter-of-fact-man was See to admit to himself. | But the present emergency deluded prompt action. He eould see plainly enough that it I was not merely fright that had caused her to I lose consciousness. Nature had bestowed upon I her » iiice charming in its natural roundness of I outline and ready always to break into dimpled smiles; but, alas' horror and deprivation of sleep aud food had wrought a wicked change I in ft fen days. As she lay with her head thrown back, her hps jnir'ed'her ejes closed, her hair straying teckWslv about her temples, she looked as if ie bad just died after a painful illness. Tboni is hastened with her out of the sight of possible curiosity. A few steps brought him j deep enough into a projecting wood that t fringe 1 the roadside, and here, iu the leaves I bene -ili t he t rees where the birds were singing, ; he laid her gently down. His experience in the art < i icstoring fainting women to con- fduu-ne-s bad been extremely limited, but he believed iu the efficaciousness of alcohol, and always carried who a travelling for use in an emerge rey a flask of brandy. A little of this gtroni: remedy poured down the throat half- strau-ie 1 the victim, but it awoke her. Her eyes opened and she regarded him languidly. Beh id seen a dying bird look just that way. Coiue. Miss North, you feel better now, don't vni he said awkwardly, as he sup ported her head upon his arm. And then when 6 red iiii betrayal of fear and shame surged into her white cheeks he hastened to add — "There, now, there's nothing to be afraid of. Net the least in the world." She inn le an effort to disengage herself and to ari-un but she was very weak, and she only sank haek again with a pathetic sigh. The tear? e ime into her eyes at once, and she was unable to conceal her weakness or to check it. Taster and faster they chased each other down hor cheeks. Her face was wet with them. Thomas watched her with increasing con sternation. He who had time and again passed, apparently unmoved, through the most terrible and heartrending of scenes, had now to make a great effort to retain oontrol of himself. But as a matter of fact it is improbable that the girl d ected any evidences of agitation in his natumUv imperturbable countenance. 4i C me, Miss North," lie murmured, 44 this will never do. You m&st; not give way like this. Don't despair. If there is anything WTccg. you may dopend upon me to help you all I c ui." " Oh, it's not I who need the help," she moaned, quite light-headed by reason -of her long sufferings; and grasping his sleeve with her little hand she exclaimed with sudden, passionate intensity, 44 Oh, don't let them arrest her. Don't let them hang her. Marion never could have done it in her right mind. She was cut of her head, you know. You are sure she was, are you not?" This unexpected entreaty was a surprise, but U was a most welcome one toThomas. He bad not had an opportunity for deliberate thought since he had recognised who it was that had thrown away the uncompromising weapon with the suspicious smudge upon it, and fled from the North villa in the most damaging of circumstances ; but in a vague, general way ins heart had been conscious ox the weight of the accented theory that she was in some way im plicate 1 iu the dark work of the tragedy. And now these wild, hysterioal words, delivered under the pressure of her overstrung emotions, gave Li m more than a hope that she was inno cent of any part in the hideous crime, Iin oof-nt ! How could anybody look upon this eh: Id and doubt her innocence? Reporter Thomas certainly could not, and he gave up trying to, with a feverish alacrity that was not entirely characteristic of him. Comprehending enough of the situation to enable nim to act intelligently, he began at once a long attempt to soothe her. And behold another miracle ! This stern man. whosfi stoicism WAS the WOnder hrouffhf j,- Wtentaon to other things, he sanitl Sh« mre mto a condition. of .Jv bhe was not permitted to test her hf feet, but she sat up against a hM oomp&Srwlth; «y«, with «n air of "aS omridriy and impulsive confidence. last, "it £, 3srrth»" «dd Thomas, at We T„ , f absolutely necesBarv that I Bhould mSTTnF£! f« a eJ? Will you promise S 1 retum ? I will be gone « ®ltort a time as possible." if 8X680 Mnd," Bhe said, faintly. "If 8OU &re; 8 1 tope, really, you Sle yourself. In a few minutes I sblbe stronger and can go on." h njXe after I come back," he said, cheerfully. 14 And meantime I have your promise not to stir ?" are 80 good I can refuse you o thing, she returned, wearily, and olosed ner eyes. ' ' an energetic pace. He Met tied his horse to a tree, ana then ran on to < the nearest farmhouse. A well-to-do-looking i woman, with a sunny face, appeared at the door in answer to his knock. j 4 Madam," said Thomas, hastily, "I have I to apologue for my unexpected oall, but, the ract Is, lam in great need of food— the best yon I nfT9 i? Plenty of it. 111 pay— anything. 1 Only let me have it at once.' " But ! can't," said the woman : " I haven't i a thing in the house to eat I" I But I must have something," exclaimed Thomas 44 if it's nothing butmilk.and water. i The case is very urgent. Here, do what you can for me." " J He thrust a five-dollar Mil into the good 1 woman's hand. She thrust it back promptly. 1 " Here, I don't want your money," she said, j rather stiffly. " Such as I have you're I welcome to. Come in." She led theastoaiehed Thomas into an ample ! pantry, which was in a condition of neatness" that was almost painful. But it needed no power of divination to determine that it was the pride of the good woman's life, and the ' shelves fairly groaned with good things. Not a thing in the house to eat! Thomas was dumb with delighted amazement. 44 Well," said the housewife, evidently enjoy ing the condition of stupefaction to which she had reduced him, 44 do vou see anything you'd like? If so, you're welcome." y The — the fact is," stammered Thomas, " I wish you'd let me pay for it. I — I — you see I might carry away a little more than I'd like to ; for the fact is I've got a friend just back here in the woods, and she — he's starving to death." The woman laughed outright. Of course, she did not believe that anybody was dying in this land of plenty. The best Thomas could do was to effect a compromise. The woman accepted 44 a dollar for the heathen." Thomas took away all he could well carry. Ab the reporter approached the place where he had left Stella North, he began to have some fears that she had deserted him. in spite of her promise; but no. There she was, still sitting against the treB, as he had left her. No, not as he had left her. Completely exhausted, she had fallen asleep. Thomas placed his bundles upon the ground, and softly arranged the repast he had secured -from the farmhouse upon a light robe he had taken from the carriage. From the bowl of fresh milk to the golden brown custard pie, it was genuine and wholesome ; and though he would fain have had Young's chief cook at his command for an hour or two, still he hoped that she could not fail to find the display at tractive and appetising. But he hesitated to awaken her. The poor child slept as only one utterly worn out can sleep. He looked at her more attentivelyi and his heart accelerated its pulsations. 44 What a pity," he thought, " that she Bhould be so comprisingly mixed up in such an affair as this | X oung and charming as she is. if the police knew what I know they would not hesitate a minute to arrest her." The thought clouded his brow. He looked at iris watch. It was getting late. Unless he -nronosed to torn her over to the police, in tenth, time pressed. j l' A nnm J" he exclaimed. 44 Miaa North i" I Bat her sleep was too deep to be disturbed by j each an expedient. He placed his hand gently j upon her shoulder, and a thrill ran through I him at the contact. She started np and stared j wildly about her. Gradually the truth came j to her. She awoke from a happy oblivion to j the horror of the past few days. The sudden frightened look in her face proclaimed this fact. And then her eyes wandered from the reporter's face to the collation spread at her feet. j " For me !" she exclaimed. 41 Oh ! — " j But nothing but tears bespoke her thanks. She was evidently ashamed to betray herself so ; but she was too weak to preventit. She covered her face with her hands and sank down at the foot of the tree. ... 44 You'll think me foolish, I know," she stammered. _ „ . , 4i Not a bit of it," said Thomas. 44 1 think j your nerves are quite unstrung, because yon . haven't taken nourishment enough. Bat something, Miss North, I beg of you ; and, my word for it, you'll feel better. I By dint of much persuasion and adroit management he reassured her, so that she actually smiled the very ghost of a smile, but it betrayed the presence of a merry dimple in her cheek, which Thomas thought quite charm ing. How ofln I thank yon P" she murmured 44 By eating all you can." he returned. And she did endeavour to show her gratitude in. that way. From time to time she looked at him with a glance of dread and apprehension, i 14 You are not afraid of me, Miss North, I hope P" he said at last, pleasantly. He was smiling now, as he eat on a wide near by watching her eat, which die did With that ravenous appetite that comes of absolute starvation. — — — ®he ewd, after an evident ae A18 same gentleman who our house— who used to know ray honms flushed a little and his eyes fell. deoefSY h® 8aid' "l do intend £? ZU newspaper reporter." _Bhe uttered dight scream and dropped her another time rouldWe Wked aloud at the un mistakable consternation produoed by the an nouncement of his profession. As it was, he BmiIe when he saw ner upswhiten under the cruel apprehension that had sprung to life within her. gravely11 lniatrU8t me' North," he said, . ao/VBhe returned, in a voice barely ' AJld added immediately, 44 For pity's i do you intend to print what I told you when I was so crazy awhile ago?" Miss North ? It depends upon €?®rr not yu go on with your dinner." thiBF'' CSLa yU ke about a fldng like 44 Miss North, I tun not joking. I never waa more serious in my life. It is absolutely im perative that you eat." The poor girl tried to propitiate him by Bvraliowmg a few hasty mouthfuls, but it was evident that he had taken her appetite away. She regarded him with a look of pathetic appeal. 44 Oh, sir," she exclaimed suddenly, 44 1 am only a poor girl, and chance has placed me completely at your mercy. Don't tor ment me, I beseech you. Tell me the worst at once. What do yoa intend to do with me F" To save you," answered Thomas. "TV) save me?" she repeated helplessly. 44 From what ?" J 44 From the consequences of your conduct," "Mine!" she exclaimed. 44 What do you mean P I have done nothing." " Pardon me," said Thomas. 44 You forget the pistol which you threw away, and your flight from home." C \- - She stared ni, him for- a long time like" a &Gtue.; And you believe— she began at last, with | an awful look in her face. » "44I believe nothing," he interrupted. 4ljso much as. I believe you, Mite North. It is not a question of me, but of the police." 4 The police — police !" she stammered, 44 Miss North," said Thomas, 44 1 would not frighten you needlessly, but I feel compelled to ten you that you have placed yourself, in the eyes of the law, in a very equivocal ppsition. Unless you can give a full explanation of your conduct — " 44 Oh, sir," she broke in, " I can tell the J police nothing — absolutely nothing." j She wrung her hands and looked about her i apprehensively. j 44 It's not because I am guilty of anything — j oh, sir, you know that ! But I cannot say 1 what I have thought, what I have been com- | pelted to believe in spite of myself. I have j said things to you already, when I did not realise 1 what I was doing, which I never meant to have repeated to any human being. And yon— on j your honour, Bir ! — won't you keep my secret?" j 44 1 will do everything I can for your sister, for your sake," said Thomas. 44 But I must | askyou one question. What reason had you j to believe her guilty ?" j "I do not believe it. No, I will not ac- J knowledge that I ever really believed it. But j for one moment, when her strange actions seemed unaccountable upon any other supposi- 1 tion. I — but it was a mistake, sir. I am sure I of it. She could explain everything if she j would.' J 4 4 There, there!" said Thomas, soothingly, j 44 Don't get excited. You are as safe with me j as you could possibly be with any one. I I simply wanted to have the assurance from 1 your Hjps that you are unaware of the fact of j any crime." I 44 Oh, believe me, sir." j 44 1 do, Miss North. I believe you implicitly, j and I will do everything in my power to. help J you." j 44 You are very noble, sir." j " You flatter me," said Thomas, averting 1 his eyes. 44 1 have sisters of my own, and — " 1 The girl clasped her hands. J 44 And for their sakes — " i " No, for your sate," said Thomas, turning I quickly to look towards the road, «« You spoke of that dreadful pistol, sir!" 1 she cried, suddenly. 44 Tell me how you I know !" | " I saw you, Miss North." J 44 And the pistol is — " I 44 In my pocket." She stretohed out her hands impulsively, while a wild light of hope lighted in her faoe. 44 Give it tome," 6he exclaimed. 44 Forgive me," said Thomas, 44 but I must refuse you that. Believe me, it pains me to be obliged to refuse yon anything." 44 You — won't give it to me," she faltered. 44 And what, then, do you propose to do with it?" 44 1 will be frank with you now as ever. Miss North," he said, in a low voice. 44 1 intend to give it to the police." She swayed, but his arm prevented her from falling. 44 Come! come!" he exclaimed, in a quick whisper, as for the moment he held her close to his rapidly -beating heart. Be a woman ! Do jour duly as I shall do mine ! I have promised yon my protection — my utmost effort on behalf of yourself and your sister. Miss North, will you trust me?" Impulsively she bronght her face very near to his and turned the light of her blue eyes full into his dark ones. It was an intense, fearful, sefttbing stare ; a look such as one might cast into the future at a fork in the road of life be tween lasting happiness and despair. His gaze never faltered, but hers did. She blushed, suddenly became self- conscious, and precipi tately looked down at the ground. 44 1 will," she murmured, faintly. 44 You are in imminent danger," he said, hastily. 44 There is no time to lose. Follow me." And as he turned from her she obeyed Mm . with the trusting confidence oa little child. chapter ntt. — Thomas Declinbs to State Theobob. About ten o'clock on Monday monring a tele- ; -phonic message came over the wires from the I fthief of police at Eyun to the Boston police head- Quarters which seriously interfered with the habitual imperturbability of Inspector Apple- I « Whatever does this signify?" he demanded of the chief inspector. 44 That youngest North 1 his superior, in a tone of 1 surprise. 44 How can that be?" I »I don't know how it can be; it is, 1 Atmlebee declared. 44 She left the house some 1 time last evening. They did not dwoover her j absence till this morning. A hurried search ot 1 «be neighbourhood traces her to the railroad 1 atetion where she took the last train for j ghat's a queer family, anyhow," eom- I mented the chief inspector, with a very puzzled I air 44 Applebee, have you tried to ascertain » whether there isn't insanity in the tdoodl "Flaguetateit! What was I thinking of not to heve put a man to wateh heriast night ? I thought of it, but it seemed an absurd pre caution?" fumed the inspector... 44 However, her flight the minute the funeral ft over does away with any lingering doubt £ may have had of her complicity in the crime." "Better put White on her track at once. Then see me and let us have a word or two." Inspector White having been despatched to the Eastern dep6t with instructions to find the fugitive at any cost, Inspector Applebee re turned to the private office of his superior. The chief carefully olosed the door. 44 Applebee," he said, as he resumed his chair, 44 If I understand you definitely, there is nobody, so far as known, who benefits a cent by North's death except his daughter Stella ?" 44 Exactly, inspector. You are to understand just that. There is not the slightest indication of robbery or theft. Both the property in the house and the personal property on North's person were intact. Nobody benefits but thin girl. Just two months ago he took out a 10,000dol. policy in her favour in the Fenn Mutual." 44 And are jou sure he has effected no other insurance ?" 44 1 cannot find that he has, or that he ever did." 44 Isn't it rather peculiar that he waited all these years and then made her his sole benefi ciary in this way ?' ' 44 1 don't know. His other daughter is mar ried, and he probably considered her amply provided for, and the outlook of business affairs might have warned him that it would be pru- dent to heave over an anchor to the windward. But, whatever his reasons, the fact is indis putable. There it is, in black and white. The woman who UBes the perfume I have been look ing for is the sole person to profit by Paul North's death. It is a curious coincidence, to say the least, that the two clnes should implicate the same person. And yet a seventeen -year - old eirl like this — oh, I can't believe it; that's all." 44 Applebee," said the chief, " I begin to realise that we are in a very delicate position in this matter. It calls for our nicest discrimina tion Aridjadgment." 44 1 should say as much." 44 Let us see what we know. "We have established circumstantially beyond a reason able doubt the identity of the woman who was in the Marlboro street house at or after the time of North's deaths the woman who, to say the least of it, must be an accessory after the fact." 44 So, indeed." 44 Instead . of some adventuress, the woman tnrns out to be. North's own daughter, a mild- faced, innocent-looking girl of seventeen." 44 So, indeed." 44 Well, now, to my mind, unless the girl is crazy (and we have no evidence that she iB), she never could have shot her father." 44 It's a pretty serious thing to charge her with it." 44 You don't believe it ?" 44 I'm hardly prepared to dispute the evi dence.", 44 Very well, then, there is only one explana tion. She knows who did it, and she runs away to avoid questions. " 44 It looks so." 44 And as she never could reconcile her con science to such action unless the guilty party were very near or very dear to her — ' ' 44 Stackhouse again !" said Applebee, signifi cantly. 44 There's no way out of it. Unless something turns up in his favour, I've got "to arrest that man." 44 It looks so. But I shouldn't like to mate a mistake." - 44 Nor I. It's not like taking some poor beast into custody. A mistake like that only redounds to our discredit." 44 Very well. Wait a day or two. Something more muBt come oat. Let us find this girl. It won't take much to frighten her thoroughly. She will tell us everything she knows. Mean while, yon are sure Stackhouse cannot take French leave?" 44 Trust me for that. M4Mannus and Bobbins are both keeping their eyes upon him. So long ai he behaves himself he may do as he pleases. At the first cause for suspicion they will bring him in." There was a knock at the door. 41 Mr. Mendell," said the messenger, 44 to see Mr. Applebee." 44 It's the writing expert," said Applebee. 44 Send him in.' Mr. Mendell appeared, bearing under his arm a small portfolio. 44 Good morning, gentlemen," was his greet ing. 44 And what do you think of the news? No surprise to you, A suppose r" 44 What news?" questioned the chief in spector gruffly. 44 Why, the collapse of North and Stack- house, to be sure. What, hadn't yon heard?" The two officials were staring at each other, i . 44 Where did you hear that, Mendell ?" Applebee asked. "Where? Everywhere. It's all over town. Of coarse, circumstances make everybody talk abont it. All sorts of rumours are afloat as to the cause of it. Some say it wouldn't have occurred but for North's death. Others say it had got to come anyway — that it was only a matter of time. But, plague take it! that wasn't what I came for." >s 44 What do they Bay's the cause of the firm failing?" asked the chief inspector, with eveiy appearance -of intense interest. 44 Well, as I hear it, they've been doing busi ness lately chiefly on wind. Oh, it's an awful smash up. They say Felridge, the young mil lionaire, was a considerable loser. In fact, they say aU sortsof things, as they always do at such times, btflTl don'tknow how true they are." " Who is this Felridge?" the chief inspector inquired of Applebee, as if the name were new to nim. 44 Why, he's the man who came here to get us to search the house in Marlboro street last Thursday), A friend of the family, I believe. At any rate, he was at the funeral." « And what are the rumours, Mendell?" pursued the chief inspector. 44 About Fetridge? Well, it's reported that he's held the firm up by the nape or the neck, as it were, '""til North's death, out of regard for the old man ; but that Staokhouse tried to see him sines and got the cold shoulder. They say that Stackhouse and Fetridge are anything but friends." 44 Quite so." said Applebee. 44 But, turning from gossip to business, what's your report V" 44 Well, gentlemen," returned Mendell, briskly opening his portfolio and extracting therefrom several papers, 44 1 don't know that I w" you a great deal, but I'm satisfied of one thing. Oat of all the specimens of writing whioh Jobson presented for my inspec tion, there are not five which could have been done bv the party who prepared the anonymous letter.' . , There are four, then ?" said Applebee. 44 Just," returned Mendell, spreading the samples upon the table; "and there you have them." 44 And how aboutyour preference r» 44 1 have none. You see the wilting of the original is too shaky to be a good guide. It is evidently a disguised hand, but at the Bame time not disguised by a person who undersid how to disguise handwriting. Evidently wn$& he had written it he thought, because it didn't have the general appearance, to his own eye, of Ms own writing, it was consequently sufficiently blind to deceive anybody. I don't believe the peculiarity of the formation of the letters ever occurred to the person." 44 Who are these parties?" 44 Three of them are business men. The fourth was formerly a clerk in the firm's employ, but was discharged, I believe, for drunkenness." 44 Pshaw !" said Applebee. 44 1 know these three men. They re none of them in need of money , and would not have taken that matnrf to get it if they had been." 4 It remains, then, with this other fellow— - Willard Smith— eh ?" said the cMaf inspector. 44 What do you know of this man's history P" # 44 Nothing but the few words that Jobson ac cidentally let fall," replied the expert. 44 He said that the man was young and industrious. That he invested every cent in Nicaragua Mid= land, lost his money, and took to rum as a con solation." 44 That's our mau," said the chief inspector, positively. 4 Applebee, let's go to work on this at once." There was no time lost. Inspector Applebee - and his assistants were soon saouring the city for information concerting Mr. Willard Smith, late clerk with North and Staekhonse. But the quest presented some unexpected difficulties, and when Tuesday morning came it had not yet achieved success. Applebee was scarcely awake on Tuesday morning when the following telegram was placed in his hands — "Habtfosd, Conn., 6 a.m. 44 Important ! Meet me at headquarters at 11. 44 White." 44 Does he bring Stella North with hiuit" was the grave question that persisted . in Applebee 's mind during the intervening time. 44 if so, 1 am confident that we are Bearing the end of this perplexing case." He-communicated his anxiety to the chief inspector, and both men waited with impatience the coming of the man who had gone in quest of the mysterious fugitive. Alas, for their hopes ! Inspector White was quite alone. The three men were closeted together as soon as he arrived. 44 Not a trace of her?" exclaimed Applebee, impatiently. 41 Slipped through my fingers like a fish!" said White. 44 Circumstances very peculiar. Whole thing mysterious : more than mysterious — suspicious." j 44 How do you mean ?" White placed his haud impressively on Applebee's shoulder, and though the door was shut, spoke in almost a whisper — 44 1 tell you, man, it is one of two things. That girl'B either made away with herself or she's had help to escape." 44 It's likely enough that she had help to escape," observed the chief. vBut I know of no good reason why she should go outside of the State of Massachusetts for the purpose of committing suicide." 44 Wait till you have heard me," said White, eagerly. 44 Observe the facts carefully. I traced this girl to the Albany depdt, and through the hackman, who bought, hex ticket to Hartford, was able to go direct to her stopping place. There I expected trouble. Not a hit of it. Everybody knew about her. Why 1 Well, I'll tell you why. Somebody had got ahead of us; that's all, A black-haired young man, about thirty years of age who wrote his name William C. Waterston, had been up in the morning making inquiries all over the place, representing her as insane." 44 Evidently an assumed name," muttered Applebee, apprehensively. 44 Couldn't you get a full description 1" 44 You may be sure I did, even to the cat of his shoes. But wait a bit. I haven't got to the end. This young man hired a carriage at East Hartford and started out upon the road in cbase of the girl. That he overtook her I haYe positive evidence. That she thereafter disappeared, and that he went on alone, I'm equally well informed." 44 What F" ejaculated Applebee. 44 Just as I tell you," said White. 44 1 traced this woman to a certain plaoe on the road between Hartford and Buck! and. Abruptly all trace of her disappears. She is seen in con versation with this man, and not again by anybody in either direction. Meanwhile ths man kept on alone. He was seen by several people by himself in the carriage. He drovtf clear to Vernon, sent the carriage back to East Hartford by a messenger, and there he disap- pears too." 44 Great powers!" exclaimed the chief. "We're outwitted." 44 For the lime it would seem so." 44 For the time!" echoed the cMef irascibly. 44 Don't you see what this means? The girl was a greenhorn. The man was an expert. I'll bet yon a hundred dollars he had that girl all the time in the bottom of his carriage. Why didn't he go back to Hartford? . Can't you see his purpose I The New York and New Eng land railroads run through Vernon. By this this time both principal and accomplice are safe in the city of New York.'' The two assistants stared blankly. 44 At any rate," said Applebee, 44 it plainly demonstrates one thing. We're dealing with professionals." 44 Professional what?" asked the chief, angrily. "What is there in the line of a professional about this affair ? Was there any theft, any property missing? This isn't a burglary, my fnend ; it's a murder." 44 So, Indeed," said Applebee. 44 But pro fessionals have been hiredbefore now to do a job of that kind. It's no use for yon to tell me that this chap doesn't know the ropes, inspector." .... . J The cbief seemed struck by his remark, and became thoughtful. 44 Write out the fullest possible description of the man,'' he said to White. 44 We'll see what we can do ; though I'm afraid we've botched it." Inspector White took out his notes, and, seating himself at the table, began immediately to comply with the request. In the midst of the work a messenger ventured to bring a card to the door. 44 Humph,' said the ohief, 44 Kingman V. Thomas, of the Boston Globe , is here, and he says that his business is important and im mediate." 44 Let him come in, then," advised Applebee. 44 1 tell yon that man out his eye teeth years ago. if he says important he means impor tant." The chief gave & sign of acquiescence, and shortly after the door opened to admit Mr. Kingman V. Thomas. Quietly dignified, and entirely master of himself, as upon ailoccasions, the reporter cast a quick glance upon the group. Without a word he advanced to the table, inserted his hand in his breast, took therefrom something enwrapped in a nes" paper, and laid it down before the chief inspector. ' 44 What is it, Thomas?" queried Applebee, CULoofat it," returned the reporter, briefly. The chief undid the wrapping and took out an old-fashioned 32-calibre. four-barrelled. — — . hrehoh-loading pistol, about eight Indies in length, and stained with rust in several nlaoes. Everybody started and looked eagerly from the weapon to toe serious face of the man who had brought it. , "It is just as I found it," he said, gnieuy, with the exception of the rust. 1 toolk it out of the water, and I didn't care to wipe it much, for fear of destroying the smut on that empty barrel." " Well," said the chief, with an assumption of indifference, " why do you bring it here ?" ' I considered it my duty to do so, sir." " To be sure ; but what makes you think so ? In other words, where did you find it?" "I found it in toe water on the shore at Swampscott." .... , "Swampscott!" ejaculated Applebee, who began to examine toe weapon with avidity. "The deuoe you did 1 When?" " Sunday night, about nine o'clock." "Sunday!" echoed the chief inspector, Bharply, " andit is now Tuesday morning. You were evidently in no haste." ... 14 1 went out of town by a very early train on Monday. This is the first opportunity I have ifowcamyou to be wading in the water at Swampscott after dark, Thomas?" ques tioned Applebee. 44 Well, sir, it won't take me long to tell you what little I know about the matter. I stipu late but one thing. This must not be given to the press. Yon agree? Very well. I was passiug.the North vula when I saw a woman enveloped in a long cloak stealing out of the garden. I followed her, deeming her appear ance suspicious. She went towards the shore, and I toought I saw her throw something into the water. Waiting till she had gone, I waded out and found this. I ran up the street, hoping to catch her, but missed the last train in. She neems to have been in better luck." The three inspectors exchanged significant glances. " And you didn't see her face, Thomas P" Applebee eagerly inquired. 44 1 did not ; no." 41 And you have no idea who she is ?" Thomas hesitated a moment before re plying. " I don't know that I care to Btate theories. You have enough of your own." " Well, Mr. Thomas," said toe chief at last, "I think you are entitled to our most sincere thanks for important evidence in the North case. Still, in matters of this kind, delays are dangerous. It does seem as if you might have found some way to get this to us before thiB." 41 1 preferred to deliver it in person," said Thomas, quietly. " I never take any chances in a matter of this importance." " You prefer to he slow hut sure, I sup pose," said the chief, smiling. 44 Well, Apple bee, here it is. It won't take you long to verify your suspicions about it." 44 1 rather suspect that Thomas has already done that," Appleebee said. 44 1 took that liberty, yes," agreed the re porter. 44 To whom did you take it?" 44 To Comfort Harwood, Swampscott." 44 When ?" 44 This morning — the first opportunity I have had." 44 And what did she say ?" 44 She positively identified it as the properly of the late Paul North." Tais appeared to be toe extent of Thomas's information. When he went ont, White said with a smile : 44 Bless me if that man wouldn't stand as a model for this description I am writing." 44 Eh !" exclaimed the chief inspector, turn ing suddenly in his chair. 44 Applebee. watch that man !" 44 What? Thomas?" cried the subordinate, in amused amazement. 44 That same Thomas," said the chief, drily ; 44 unless you want the newspapers to get ahead of us in this matter. For I tell you that man knows more than he has told us." (to be COJTTnrUED.) 