SPELLING REFORM. Salient Points of tho Orthography Bill Now Beforo Gongrcae Tbo Fiftieth Googresa is considering a bin for " an amended autbogrsphy,". which pro videsfor a simplification of spclliog. The bill prescribes that it shall liko effect upon all tbo sohoolfl of tho T«rrifnrl«a &nA; Ihatoof the District of Colombia, and upon tbe Mill faiy and naval academics and tho lodlao and colored schools io tbe Territories. It declares, furthermore, that any ofiiecr, school director, committee or teacher io control ol any school described In this act, who shall refuse or neglect to comply with Ibo tcqoire meats of Iho aot shall bo removed from office. The bill begins by enacting that ''the fol lowing Amended orthography shall be re cognised as correct." The orthography re ferred to is grouped : under the following twelve heads: Pint : Tbe silent shall . be dropped when phonetically u!tis, as in are, grsotte, itlen, rained, barken and ao forth. Write ei for re, u in theater, mater,' saber and so forth. Second : Drop a from ea, baring the sound of e| &s; in feather, leather and so forth. Third : Drop o from eo, having tho sound ol e, aa in jeapardy, leopards and ao forth. Fourth : For o having ths wood of a write o in shore (abov), doxen, some (sum), loogae (tang), and the like. Fifth : Drop o from oo, bariog tbe sound of a, as In journal, nourish, rough (rnf), trouble, tonga (ml), and tbo like Sixth: Drop silent a after g, boforb a find in native English words ; drop final ue,as in gusrautcoj guard, guess, guest, guilt sod so forth /.apologue,, catalogue end so forth ; demagogue, pedagoguo and eo .forth; leegue, harangue, tongue (tung), and so forth. Bavcuth ; Double consonants shall bo eio pliflcd. Final b, d, g, b, r, t, f, I, a. at in ebb, add, egg, inn, purr, butt, bailiff, dull, buzz, and eo forth v \- Medial before - another boneonabt, as battle, zipplo, written (writn, and so forth - Iuitiiti uu&octmicd; ptcQxeo, anfl-olbeVun-, accented syllublcs as in obfaroviato,: aciUBO, affair, and so forth ; aarvctting, travcllor, ana oo forth', . Eight: Obangod and edflual, to t when bo pronounced; as in creased (crest); looked (io.okt), and so forth, unless tbo o 'off cots the. prcceMog eound. QS in bbafod, ebonccd; -/Ninm: Gbango s to. in dlBtloolivo words, as ia ubueo, verb ;/ boaso/verb ; rise, verb and so forth. . . v - : V1. . Eleventh : Drop t in catcb. witob, and so .forth, -/" //:; \- - Tv/riftl rihunnnthh HnitlltTiffli. Ilia /AUAO. t 'ing ; words Ako (aoho) anker (anobor), booty (beauty), ootid (could), wholo (bole), parlament (parliament), rocelt (receipt), rime (rhyme); sept (scent), altbo (soy tbo), wlmen (women), yomcn (yeomen).; drop sUent b in . bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plum, subtle! saoouinb, tbnmb; pbange o.bdck to a in cinder, -'expeuac; fierce/ bcooe, once, penoo, scarce, siuco, eoorce, thsnot; - ; tioroo, whonoe; drop tho h of. oh/In obatno miio, -oholer, cholera, ' meleooboly, school, Blomach ; drop g in feign, foreign, sovereign; drop h inagbaat, burgh, ghost: drop gh. in . heugbty ; though (tbo), thrpngh (thru); drop : b in aisle,-' demesne, island : Provided, That -ths foregoiog rules shall not apply to propor names ,Atid provided further, that where amblgnity' would result .from tbo qsq of the said rnloa tbo old form' may ba retained, - / "l am a stroiling player," groaned ft seedy looking fellow, to a gontieman on a country road," end do hot ask fof money, bat only soma left-off clothes.1.' ; . "My : good fellow," rejoined tbo lattor " I am sorry l can't assist yon. . Times ore now ao bhd that 'I weex toy left-off olothea my self. ./ / " My daughter Aon takes a great interest in mstHetios,"- observed . Briggs to . flqual dig.- ' !!.8bo could just/put yoo : to sleep; talking' about high art." : . 41 1 see," replied Bquaidig; "ojithetlo Ann ' becomes an anrosthstio.''/. c / ' v Maild (reading iitio of plotoro) : 'A Hunt' foraLeooh. What. kind- of anlma/. do yon suppoea o loeoh is, OlarafV ' / ' Clara/ (doubtfully) : " Oh, , I 'donY know» oomotbing liko-&.fox,I should tbInk,V/// Alarmed pbdestrinn (pioMng) o painter 1 at tbo foot of aladderJj.vMyipbor man, -aro yonbnrt-muoh?" \- Painter's , f.'Only three ribs broken. But I went down' with .colors QyiDgj dldn't r?'! "Wifo (lobbing up from hist book): nyod know a great mohy thiugs. John; Now what do yo'u. think should bo dono In tbo oafec of drowning Haabands Havfl a funeral, of coarse." ' Mw. Arllngtoh (just married) The' goose -liver you loft, here yesterday ;wafl excellent. vLct mo havo another. But of tho same gooso, mind. Myhuaband Is very parr llonlar'! \- Ho (ot a very .lato hour, with deep tondet n'ess: How oan I leave tkcpf" Bho: 44 Why, really, Mr. Stayer, I can't tell you. I wish to heaven I conld." Mamma: " Edith, orn yon tell mo what faith?" - Edith (cgcd clx years): " Ob, yes; It la holiovlng what yon knovr isn't truoi" . - Bho (vindictively); "Yon- need' not lippe to (osapo. mo thus. The .wounded heart never forget. I shall - follow you to yonr grove." . . Hb (with braudo); "Net if yoff/dl® flro." ' , ' Tbo world is riot a raceconrso or a b attic field or a pxisQ-fight, ,' It is a place in which ! r-aoh man is given his own sphere to oooopy and his own doty to do ; ana If that sphere be occupied honorably and. that duly dono woll, every man is undoubtedly a victor and a " fit uurvivor." To bo able to endure honest and kind oriticlsm rcqnircs quito ca mueli wisdom no to bo nblo to mako Uonaal and trica oiltl elsm - . 