BYDE SMALL DEBTS C0UBT. TUESDAY, DBOKUBE& I. (Before Mr. 3. Giles, P.M., and Mr. John Forsyth, J.P.) T. WOLIAHSOK V- 3HOUAS WIU2AMS. Clftlih, 12i 3d.—Verdict for the amount, dad 6s 6d costs. **** OBIOBD? ' ' ja%for breadsdld, £1 Is 3d.—Verdict lot' amount, and costs. BAT?T ANI> OI). V. A S. JBANTTBBZT. Claim for goods. The P.M.: How do you trade ? QSmpfonant: &i; Batty and Shea. This P.M-if The comas bf the oomplainants should be set out in lull in the plaint. The Defendant; This, yonr worship, is the C.P.S.'s mistake.- Mr. Giles: Notj at all; yoa should give names in fall. A non-suit wm entered. HOBS xsxt PKWBOK V. CKASLES LOBRBNBOE. Claim for goods sold and delivered, £7. The amount WOB paid into court with carts. , , . NON- PAYKESIOFEATIB. . i ' Ryde Mrfdicipal -Council v. H. Martin, of Eastwood, claim for. rates due, £2 7s 6d. Defendant disputed one <Mpoant, iwusmch as he had forfeited;tbp Jopdiin'question woe time, hgo to the company from which it was toqnired. [ t.The Connol: Clerk stated that the -offioen of the Council had called npon the manager of the land company and he had defendant atili owned the land. Defendant: I forfeited it. The P.M.: Yon admit owing rates on tbis Eastwood property? Defendant: Yes. Verdict for .the amount on Eastwood property, lot 17 and IS, £1 3a 6d, with 6s fid costs, and 6s witness's expenses, the P.M. remarking that in the event of the Council discovering that defendant, was owner of the Other land, the amount could be recovered. DEOWXED AT HTJKTBE'S Hoi.—A sad drowning fatality occurred at Hunter's HiU on Monday evening, when a boy, aged five years, BOD of Mr. Burmont, residing at the Avenue, was drowned in a pool on the grounds. It appears that the child, in company with some other children, was playing about. Evening coming on, the deceased was missed, and, his hat being found floating in the water, a search was instituted, Mid after a considerable time the body of the child was found on Tuesday morning. An inquest was held on the same day. Bros LITBBABY AN> DEBATING SOCIHIT.— This Society held Its weekly meeting on Thursday last, but owing to the illness of some and the business engagements of other of the members, the attendance was smaller than usual. The outcome of the preliminary business' was the election ot Mr. Curtis as a member of the Society, and some important changes in the for Deoember. The preliminaries being fettled the business for tbe evening, vix., "Private Members' Night," was introduced by Mr. Steer, who read an extract from atdaily paper headed " Mrs. Ashton on Marriage. This article was warmly discussed ; most of the members present agreeing with Mrs. Ashton in some of 'her views, but being greatly opposed to'.her snmtestioa, for dealing with the marriage laws.—We are requested to notify that the programme for December' will be:—3rd, Readings and Recitations ; 14th, Debate, introduced by the Premier, ' " That a second Legislative Assembly is unnecessary and dangerous;" 17th, "Social," previous to adjournment for Christmas vacation. SINGULAE AcctnSNr.—On Thursday last a man named Walter Thaekeaay, employed by Mr. Budsnn, tbe contractor for the waterpipe laying, was working in a treneh in front of another man, when he rather suddenly straightened himself. The result was thathU fellow-workman's pick entered Thackeray's back, inflicting a nasty and apparently danger, ons wound. The sufferer was conveyed to the Balmain Cottage Hospital, and we are glad to hear, is progressing favourably. PEBSBTTEBIAS CNUBCH, GLADESVILLB.— A special session waa convened at tbeGladesville Church on Wednesday evening last for the purpose of electing elders. The Rev. S. Dickenson, _ the,pastor of tbe Church. j>resided. After the examination of the members' voting papers in the vestry, tbe eleotiou oommittee returned to the dais, from which the rev. chairman announced the names of those elected to eldership, which were as follows:—Messrs. George Pidding, Thomas Piddiug, JameB Park, and Percy Board. The selection will be 1 ratified in a fortnight by a solemn ordination of the above-named individuals. POSTAL ARRATOBMBNTS.—Pursuant to the promise of Mr. Kidd, P.M.G.,, Mr. Bossley, Postal Inspector, visited Byde on Friday last, and was met by tbe Mayor and Aldermen Forsyth, Small, Atkins, and Best. Tbe object of Mr. Bossley's visit waa to make enquiries with reference to tbe desired appointment of an additional letter carrier. The arguments used by the recent deputation to tbe Minuter were to the effect that, considering the extent of the district, it was impossible to deliver letters to people in certain portions of it until late in tbe afternoon. After hearing the Mayor and bis companions' arguments, during which the plans of the Byde postal district were produced and examined by the Inspector, be stated that he would suggest in his report that the Ermington letter-carrier ebonld for a consideration deliver the letters on the other side of the railway line, and that sn additional carrier ebonld be put on at the Byde office. The Inspector's suggestion was unanimously approve d ot by th® local representative men present. A general discussion then ensued regarding postal matters, but ih view of Mr. 1 Kidd's contemplated visit to Byde nothing definite was arrived at, the Inspector pointing out, that it was outside of his duty to de»l with any other matters. FCNBBAI/ SEHVICE.—On Sunday last the Bev. J. Gk M. Taylor preached a. funeral sermon on the death of tbe late William Small, in the Wesleyan Church, Ryde. There was a very large attendance of relatives and friends. After prayer tbe choir rendered " For ever with the Lord." The lesson, from the 16th chapter of Corinthians, was then impressively read. The text was taken from the 25ih chapter of Genesis, eighth verse, "Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died a good age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people." The sermon, which was most solemn and impressive, was listened to with marked attention. At the conclusion Mr. Taylor gave a reiumt of tbe life ot Mr. Small, pointing to the iuany successes Mr. Small had attained, consequent on havisg given his heart to God in his young days, in tbe days when the Bev. Samuel Lees was Wesleyan minister in the Parramatta and Byde district. At the conclusion ot the discourse, the choir rendered the «• Vital Spark." A BTDB BOY TO TUB FHONT.—Theo. Hunt, the son of the respected head-master of our Public School, has secured the 3. B. Watt scholarship, whioh entitles him to a three years' course at the Sydney University. We sincerely wish Master Hnnt success in his future efforts at advancement. HCKO& TO WHOM Hoaos IB DUE.—Our readers will remember that in our last issue we briefly mentioned the fact that owing to the promptness of several local young men,a brother attached to St. Joseph's College has been rescued from a watery grave. Sinoo then we have been informed that Ernest Worthington alone effected the rescue, at considerable risk to himself. His gallant aot has met with suitable acknowledgment at the College. This is a case which should certainly be brought under tbe Humane Society's notice. ST. ANKF'S CHUBCK, BYDS.— The annual flower service and service of the Ministering Children's League was held on Sunday afternoon last. The church had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, and the special preaoher was the Bev. 3. H. Bose, of Strathfield. The congregation was large, and the flower offerings were veiy abundant. Numerous also were the offerings of things made by the members of the M.C. L. during the last quarter. Mr. James Jopp presided at the organ, and the. singing was good and appropriate, and thanks are due to Mr. Hunt, of the Superior Public School, who had trained many of tbe children in the musical part of the service. Ituras OF MB. G. M. POPS.—Our readers wQl be pleased to hear that our respected townsman, Mr. Pope, G.P.S., is in a fair way of recovery. Bronchitis in its severest form was Mr. Pope's malady. 