teaO Ct(i3t. O'Neil i'Darragh, TIE IRISH IDETECTIVE : Or, THE STRATEGY OF A BRAVE MAN. \-- 1.. ** BY OLD SLEUTH. \---.--?.• .?-- CIIAP IE, XXVI. A hsndsomely-dressed gentlemaan was just croesing the threehhold. Tihe person en:erin; the room was Harry Trendall, and the Light of l .ason Beamed in his handsomeo Eyes I O'Neil could not move nor speak. While he stood staring in amazement, the young man crossed the n sor, and in a rich voice that caused the faithful officer's blood to tingle, he exclaimed, as he er-tended his hands: " My unknown friend, let me thank you for saving me from a condition worse than death.' ' Why ehould you thank me IIHow do you know tha; I lave shown any interest in your al ire ?' * The doctor has told mo all: and now you must excue cly eagerness in asking you how it was tna. you causn to interest your Eell in my behalf, nd I have no recollection of ever having seen you before thlS. mu ment.' *Is it not puseible that the injuryyou have recoverea from may have barred your memory of past events7' SNo,eir ; wlth the return of health my memory is enturely rcstored. I remember every milnute partlzular of my past life up to a certain muio rli.' ' Due you talk of past events?' :1 dare." * DJ you remember what was to have hap pened on tae day you received your in jury?' S1 do; I was cn nly way to he married to one of the lovellest girls that ever lived, and it is a mystery to me why she seemingly knows netluing concerning what has befallen me, or she would have been here; but it is possible that you are her r presentative?' The detective's poeition was an embarrass ing one. He was cool enough, however to kndw that revelations and disclosures must be ap proached gradually. Harry Trendall was wonderfully cool and calm, and was evidently so thoroughly re stored to reason that he was not disposed to advance one step in any direction until he had received a few explanations. * I am n representative of Mies Marian Edelin,' said the oihcer. ' So I have belesved and hoped,' was the calm reply, ' ever since trust and hope have been a returned possibility with me. And now,answer me, when shall I be taken to my precious Marian ? or when shall she be brought to me ? or does the same roof cover us now ? and is she but waiting a favourable moment. to rush -into my arms?' The young man's face glowed with hope and enthusiasm as he rapidly uttered the words above recorded. Without waiting for the detective to an sewer his impetuous words, he continued, and eaid: " Having beeoon an invalid has made me partially helplcssand dependent. 1 am com pelled to aasai developments, but I shall soon shake off all restraints, and inquire and act for myself.' \- Will you do me one favour, which I crave in your interest?' SI will,' was the frank reply. Do not ask anything about fieos Edelin at present; she is not here, nor will you see her right away. The reason shall be made plain to you.' 1 1 . ' Will you answer me one question ?' SI will, if I can.' 'I s Marian still true to me dsepite the strange events which have followed what was to have been our wedding-day ?' The young man's eyes gleamed, and there was a world of pathos mingled with a reserve of pride as he asked this question. " Lady love was never more faithful to her betrothed than Miss Edelin has been to you, sir, and circumstances over which she has had no more control than you have prevent herfrom appearing at your aide at this mo ment.' 'Oh, Heavent is she ill?' Has my mia fortune driven her mad ?' 'No, no ; but you are not granting my favour. I haveeo me questions to ask you, and afterwards a story to tell you, and then I will answer all of your questions ; but all of these matters must come in their turn.' I suppose I must agree to your terms, air; but my heart is almost bursting with con flicting agitation ; but answer me, who arc you,and how is it that you have taken such an interestin myaffairs 2' SMfy name' sir, is O'Neil 3IDarragh.' 'A name I never heard before.' ' Very likely not.' How is it that you have become tuterested in me t' ' I am a detcective officer, and I was em ployed to search for you a day or two after you were miesing.' A bright light gleamed in Harry Tren dallas eyes as he exclaimed : ' AhI I see. Much light has broken upon I my mind by your admission. Miss Edelin I does not yet know that I have been found ; thecondition in which you found me led you to delay the announcement of your discovery until Ishould have recovered. Again must I thank you for showing a remarkably deli cite consideration.' Thiswas spoken by the young man in quick, pasionatce tones, and as the convc- I tion that his oonolueioes were correct sp peared to be more firmly fixed in his mino, his countenance assumed am more joyoue ex preseion. ; The dedtbctiv did not see fit to disabuse his mind instantly, and by his silence virtu ally corroborated the handsome youth's con clusions." ' Now tell me,' continued Harry, ' bow it was that I came to meet with an accident, and what the misfortune was which befell me upon the day which ought to have been the happiest of my Ihfe.' ''Have you no recollection of the events of that day?' .' No, sir, not beyond a certain point.' ' You must hase recollection of all the in. cidents up to the moment just preceding your loss of consciousness. O . . 1 have.' ' Well, just relate them to me, and remem berthat I am your friend, and have a right to know each trival detail.' ' On that day I was to have left for P on a certain train, but a client called at my office, and I was detained until the next train. On my way to the station I was again de layed, so that I did not reach the station in time to take the second train I intended to, and theresult was, I was compelled to wait for a train which did not reach P-- until after dark. A carriage was to have met me at the station, but as it was not there, I con cluded to walk to Ridge Grove.' ' Why did you not hire a conveyance at the Township?' S'lam a stout walker, and as it was an eventful evening in my career, I thought I would go afoot, and avail myself of the op portunity for quiet communion with my own thoughts on the road. ' 'Did you not think it strange that the car riage had not waited for you?' ' Well, I was exoite, and did not stop to think about anythiog.!' 'Did you spak: toany one on the train during the ride from the station to P- ?' ' I id not; I was immersed in my own thoughts, and occupied a seat in the last carriage.' 'Did you meet no one that you were ac quainted with? ' ' L did not.' ' So you started to walk to Ridge Grove alone after dark ?' 'Yes. sir.' ' Wmat befell you on your way ' ' Nothing.' ' Nothing ?' ' I mean I have no recollection of anyacci. dent that befell me.' ' What is the last thing you have any re collection of?' S-ly last recollection is that I was walking through a piece of woods through which the road to Ridge Grove runs.' The detective was silent a moment. H.s thoughts were busy filling out the story which the young man could not tell, because of the asaseesi's blow he must have re ceived, which laid him unconscious, and apn parently lifeless, in the dust of the road. The youth broke the silence by asking : ' Can you tell me what happened ?' ' I can.' S\'ill you 1' ' Do you think you can hear it calmly ?' ' I know I can.' 'You were struck down by the b'ow of a would-be assasein.' ' Ah I and that accountsfor the injury that caused me the loss of reason ?' 'Yes, sir.' , ' 'But where was I during the time suae ceeding the first few hours following tne blow ?' ' That question can only be answered by the assassin who deal't the b:ow.' 'Then I wasmisaing for a time?' ' Ye.' W\as an cftart made to discover my where abouts?' ' Yee; I have been- upon your track, as I told you before, from the day following the attack until now. ' You were employed by Mr. Turner?' ' I was not.' CHAPlE' .XVII. * On receipt of the adswer recorded in our last chapter Harry Trendall gave a start, and inquired : * Who did employ you?' * iss Edelin.' 'That was strange 1' mused the youth. 'I must tell you a strange laot, which will explain how I came to be employed by Mass Edelin. No one, of course, knew what hed befallen you, and the report was circulated that'you bad deserted the young lady whom you were to have married.' The fierce light which glowed in the eyes of Harry Trendall showed him to be a man of spirit, as he exclaimed: * Who dared t, circulate snch a report I' ' Well, Mr. and Mrs. Turner gave credence to the report.' The detective made this statement in a very significant tone. The youth observed the significaIce, and asked, while a pallor overspread hse hand some lace: ' Did Miss Edelin give credence to the re. port?' 'Not for a moment.' ' What was her theory P 'The true one.' SThat I had been waylaid and murdered ?' 'Yee.' Poor girl poor girll Oh, thatyouwould take me to her at once I' 'I cannot now; we have some further ex planations to exchange, and then I have a sad fact to reveal to you.' The young man's face assumed a deathly hue. and in a gasping tone he asked: SSheie not dead?' ) 1 6 ' No ; but she is missing.' For a moment we must drop the curtain. During that moment Harry Trendall ex. hibited an agony which brought tears to the eyes of the brave, iron-hearted Irishman who was a witness to it. SWhen recovered somewhat from his emotion his first exclamation was : 'You are a detective ?' 1 am.' 'Have you been searching for Mise Ede lin?' Yes.' 'And have you failed to find her?' SThus far I have failed.' 'Come then,' cried the youth, with wild energy; ' we will pursue the search together; and wee betide any one who may have had a hand in causing her abduction I' The detective made no reply, but there was a perplexed look upon his handsome, bronzed face, which caused the youth to exclaim ?' ' Are there any rumore of foul play?' ' No.' 'Are there any rumors which pretend to account for her absence ?' ' Yep, but they are false.' SWhat are they?' 'Will you remember, before I tell you, that they are false ?' ' You need have no fears for me; I am not a baby or a woman. I am a man, with a man's nerves l tell me the truth l' ' The rumor is that she has drowned her self.' 'And was the body found?' 'A body was found.' Harry Trendall was a lawyer. At once a certain revelation appeared to flash through his mind. 'Foul play !' he ejaculated. 'That is my opinion.' 'And who is at the bottom of it ?' ' Who would be interested in her death ' a Irry Trendall' face flashed with horror as a certain suspicion was conveyed to his mind. ' Can it be possible.' he rxclaimed, ' that I was a v!ctim of the same conspirators?' ' You were ?' 'And Mrs. Turner is the arch-fiend who is at the bottom of it all I' ' Why do you name her?' asked the detee I tire. SSimply brcause 1 have been suspicious of tlr.t woman Lv.r circe I fires saw her.' 'Your suspicions are correct; I know of n" reason to deceive you.' . 'And the detective proceeded to relate to the astonished yilong o man all the facto he thought neceesary. The officer was delighted with Harry Tren dall, anua in die not wonder that the young man won the love of such a lovely creature as e trin E H lein. Alter having heard the detective'a story, Halrry beowed a noble ipir:t. He was no meek, epoony tort of a chap, who was disposed to mourn heclplesely over his misfortunes. On the contrary, he said, in a flee manly tone: ` I will help you now I You will not he com pelled to prosecute the work alone I You will find me a man I The detective fulfilled his promise in re gard to payment to the doctor, and heartily complimented and thanked him for tno blessed result obtained. Harry Trendall was taken direct to O'Neil 's'Darragh's lodgings. The officer,for reasons of his own,bad deter mined not to let the fact of his discovery and recovery be known. He had every reason to believe that both Indian Jack and 1Mrs. Turner believed the young man to be dead, and the detective had already thought out a plan for taking advan tage of this belief. A week passed. One day Indian Jack, who had returned to the city and resumed his character as the planter, was walkbing up George Street, when he felt a hand laid upon his shoulder. Turning quickly, the half-breed recognized the blonde with whom he had been associated quite intimately a few weeks previous. The blonde looked as natural, and acted as familiarly asthough they had been mcesing daily ever since therr first acquaintance.. Jack was in a desperate mood and glad to see any one for a chanuge, and he pretended he was quite glad to meet the mani who had matched him upon a former occasion so effectually. \- Where have you been lately ?'. asked the Lalf-breed. S1 have been on a money-making racket.; ' How did you come out?' ' A few thousands ahe.d. This last statement set the halt-.breed's ears all a tingle. For over ten days he had been dodging around hisold haunts.but in perf ect terror of meeting a fierce man to whom he owed a gambling debt. Why didunt you let me in ?' he asked. i't was a jumping trip;, we started on the go; had no time to take any one in.' The blonde had always shown himeelfquite a generous ' pal, ' and Jack ventured to ask: SCanyou set alad up with a hundred or so for a few days ?' '1 doi't know why i shouldn't How much do you want ? ' Cimld you spare two hundred and filly, unili 1 make a pick up? You'll find me sjuare, honer bright I' S1ll let you have it, but 1 hava't over a hundred with inc. You can nave that, and conie down to the ' jangle,' where 1 am stop. ping, and I'11 give you the rest to-night' Jack was delighted. To him, in his preeent need, a hundred was a fortune. The blonde passed over the cash, and then proposed that they should go and havj a little wrangle with the tiger. Tao half-breed had always found the blonde a lucky player, and as he always ' whacked ' up on his winnings, the Indian was delightei with the propoeltion. Hi struck a pl-ce where the gams was going on day and night. Luck favored the blonde, and when Jack started to leave the place, he had a .cool two hundred and fifty. Once on thestreet he had not gone two block,,when he met the man to whom he owed the money. He paid his debt with agreat flourish, and was a heappy man, The blonde remained in his company a little while longer, and then separated from him with the underntanding that bsh half breed was to call for the hundred and filty at about eleven o'clock that night. Thoe blonde invented some excuse for set ting such an unusual hour and departed. An hourlater, in a certain suspicious neigh borhood in the lower part of the city, two men migh: have been seen entering a house which had long been supposed to be unoocu. pied. Such was the fact. The building was a small, two-story house, and in former days had been a place known to the police as a famous hiding-house and a crib for the secreting of stolen goods. Latterly large warehouses had been built up on every sine, and the old crib had long been deserted. The furniture had remained in the house, as the last tenants had left it in settlement for heavy balances of rent. t was just between daylight and dark when the two men we hare mentioned stepped upon the low stoeep. One of them drew a key from his pocket, and a moment later they entered the place. The furniture, which was revealed by the struggling rays of a candle which they had lighted, was a strange mtxture of the rich and gaudy, and the plain and broken. One of the men, as lie took the candle in his hand said to his friend : * We must play woman, and tidy this place up a bit, as that chap. Indian Jack, is a suspi cions cuss. and as cute as a fox.' Iy plan. 'said the second man.' would be to throttle the Ecoundrel, and force him to tell all he knowe.' i II iThat won't work, Harry. 1 have tried that game in a good many ways. Tnat fel low would die rather than reveal his secret. He would be roasted. but would never be tray his confederates. Its has just enough Indian blood in his veins to possess this sterling peculiarity. Had he been an ordi nary man, 1 would have had him confess long ago. 'Friend M'Darragh, a gentleman of your prolession ought to know what be is talking about, and yet it seems strange to me that a low, vulgar fellow like Indian Jack should pcessee such a virtue.' ' It is his Indian blood, and, 1 tell you, there io but one way to open that fellow's mouth, and that way 1 am going to try to night. If my plan don't succeed 1 will try one other, but the last is a recoerse l wish to avoid, if possible; but 1 will try the dead man first I' CHAPTER XXVIII. We have described in a previous chapter the entrance of the two men into the little downtown house which had once been a re ceiving crib, On the same night, at about eleven o'clock, the half-breed might have been seen strolling along Druitt Street. The fellow had just left a notorious gam bling house, and was on his way, according to appointment, to receive the balance of the loan promised. Jack was a desperate character, and as he walked along wicked thoughts were passing through his mind. He remembered some words nesed by the blonde: ' Ah, yes; I am a few thousands ahead.' The half-breed knew, or had reason to suppose, that the blonde kept no banking account, and that more than likely he had the money on his person, or in his trunk, in his apartment, Upon this assumption, the half-breed con ceived the atrocious design to possess himself of his friend's money, even at the cost of his friend's life. Jack prepared himself to actit an opportu nity presented itself. 'Hang him I' he soliloquised, 'he's a bad one, and his lose would be nothing to the country.' Turning down a certain street, which leads out of Druitt Street, the half-breed moved s!owly along until he arrived in front of the low twIo-tory brick house which we have described. ON 'This must be the house,'muttered Jack,and after glanring tp and down the kErtet to eo, that his movements wero nnt observed, hea necanded the few stcps lead:ng to the front There was neither bell-knob nor knocker, and the half-breed was compelled to usa hti knuck!es. Twice heo knocked, when he heard a step.! inside. and a voice asked: SWho's there?' '.e!c il' was the answer. Tao door was opened and the blonde stood in the openin , .. :j, : ' Hallo, old boy 'said the latter,I had for gotten all about your visit.'- . " 'Maybe you don't want to soe me,'rasia Jack. ' Did I say eo ' ' No. ' Well, come in, then. I only said I had forgotten about your coming; but I am glad you are here, asI'm a alalone,and will be for to-night, as my friend is out of town for a few days.' Upon hearing the blonde say that he was alone. Jack felt a thrill go through his heart, and there was a strange, meaning glanca so his dark. fierce eyes. tIe stepped across the threshhold, little dreaming what horror was to startle his eoul and with a dark design in his heart born of greed and treachery. The blonde led the way to the rear room on the second floor. The apartment wao plainly furnished. On the centre of the flor wat a plain deat tah'e, upon which the blonde placed a candle whio7 he had carrie:l in his hand to the door when admitting Jack. Toe latter's eyes flashed round the apsrt. ment, taking in everything at a glance. It was not suspicion that prompted him to do this. - His mind was too fully set upon his own treacherous designs to dream of treachery towards hirreell. ' Take a seat,' said the blonde, and as hle pooke hs seated himself at a table with hiis back to a mirror which depended from ceiling to floor. There was but one other chair in the room, anod that chair was so placed that its occu pant would be forced so sit facing the mir; ror. The blondse was pleasant and cheerful in his demeanor, and ahowed a dispotition to be very hospitable. This kindness, however, did not for a mo ment cause the least feeling rf relenting in: Jeark's savaer heart. : His imagination had become fired with the idea of the thousands in ca'h the blonde was supposed to have upon his person, and this sum the rascal was determined to have at nay cost. : 1 Lo accepted the prcfiered sa1t, nnd the two men eat face to face. 'S y, Jak,' cried the blonde, after a few secondi' talk, ' I met a man to-day who says he knows ycou' ' ' ; Toe half-breed had admitted to hia teem ing friend that he was not a planter, and that the oharacter was but an assumed one, and during their former few weeks' inti macy she two men had been in ,he heait at addressing each other faoi;oin ue; se 'Jack' and * Tom.' When infcime th thtthe blonde had met some one who know. him, Jack showed con siderable annoyance, and did not seem at all ariious to learn 'who the party was whom his friend Tom hud met. : ' - I , . * rom what thlisriend told me, continurd the blonde, 'you ought to have plenty of m oney.' 1 ' '* ' . I . * Who in thunder is the man who knows so much about my businees?' * ' Le is a man whom I have met several times-a mysterious sort of chap-a Spani ard or Egyptian, for all I know.' Jack's dark face enowed a shado of pallor as his memory reverted to the dark.faced man who had held suah a remarkable interview with him upon an occasion fully described in our previous chapters. * Do you know auything about the man you are speaking of ?' 'Only that he is a wonderfully smart gambler, and appears to pink up information in a very strange manner; in fact, I've heard it whispered that he was in league with the devil; and sometimes I have imag ined there was some truth in the report, be cause no one can find out anything about him, and he seems to know everything about everybody else.' * le's a fraud,' cried Jack. 'Tnen you know him ?' SI suspect him.' 'What do you suspent about him ?' SIt onl3 cono:rns myself.' . Will, old parJ, if you know anything of this dark-lacad man you ought to tell me, as he is putting up a heav 'racket ' with me.' . SA " baggirig "racket?' ' ee.' ' Will you just drop out ?' * Not unless you give mo -ery good reoa sons.' The half-breed leaned over the table and said : ' He's a " cop," and one of the smartest in the force; he's playing decoy on you and will have you " hocked" with all the dccu ments dead against you 1' The blonde looked surprised, and, as our readers have already suspected the real cha racter of the blonde, we will add that hislook of Hurprise was not assumed. 2 Tnis little incident revealed once more what a cunning and obehivant fellow the half-breed really wai, ' I am glad you have told me,' said the blonde, adnirg, 'it lie's a cop he's got the dead wood on you, that's all.' * What do you mean ?' asked Jack. SWell, he gave me to understand that you were mixed up in a serious bleeding arrange. ment I' The half-breed's face became livid, as he answered: ' It's false I its false l' As the Indian spoke he happened to look in the mirror before him and caught a sight of his own blanched face. The blonde uttered a low whistle, and re marked; * You say it's false, eh?' At this instant, instead of replying, Jack started from his seat with a shriek. His face was contorted with terror,and his eyes glared, as though some fearfulsight had suddenly risen before his vision. Tnis was a fact. While the half.bleed had been staring in the glass, his own reflection had been crossed and supplanted by a figure which caused him to spring from his seat and utter the shriek. The figure which he had seen was that of Harry Trendall. The supposed murdered man was dressed just as he had been attired on the fatal day when he was assaulted; and what was more, his face was like the dead, while crimson streaks besmeared his clothes and ghastly features. The ghostly figure had appeared but a mo. ment when it vanished. * What is the matter, old man ?' asked the blonde. ' You act as though you had seen a ghost.' Jack still stood paralysed with terror, gaz ing into the mirror. The blonde seemingly turned and followed the glance of his guest's eyes, when once more he asked: ' What have you seen to cause you to -look go like a dead man ?' 'Nothing,' answered Jack. ' am subject to twitches in my heart, and I felt one just then.' 'Well, sit down ; I want to have a talk with you.' 'I cannot remain long,' replied the half breed. I have made an appointment to get into a very big thing to- night, and if you will let me have the hundred and fifty I will get away, and to.morrow I will repay you. I euppose that will suit yon well enough.' [TO E ::TIeNUEDJ O. 1 