VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. HOLIDAY OF OBLIGATION. Monday, being the feast of the Apostles SS. Peter and Paul, will be a holiday of obligation. CON FIBMATI ON. The Archbishop of Melbourne, afc. tended by the Rev. R. P. Collins, administered first Communion and Confirmation on Wednesday, to a number of the children attending the Convent school of the Faithful Companions, at Kew. His Grace afterwards addressed the pupils on the " Mission of Woman in Society." BEQUIEM SERVICE. The annual Requiem Office and Mass for the repose of the soul of the first Archbishop of Melbourne were celebrated in the Cathedral on Tuesday, at 10 a.m. His Grace the Archbishop presided, and was attended at the throne by the Right Rev. Monsiguor O'Hea and the "Very Rev. M. Farrelly. The cantors of the office were me Very Rev. J. L. Hegarty and the Rev. F. M'Carter. Mass was celebrated by the Rev. R. P. Collins, the deacon and sub-deacon being the Revs. M. Carey and R. S. Benson. The Very Rev. Dr. Donaghy, Y.G., acted as master of ceremonies. At the conclusion of Mass the Archbishop pronounced the absolution at the Catafalque. There was a very large number of priests present during the service, and the attendance of the laity was also numerous. CLEEICATI CHANGES. "Loss and gain " is well illustrated in clerical circles by the withdrawal of the Rev. J. Stephens from Melbourne to Ballarat, in order to join the Fathers of the College of the Holy Ghost in the latter diocese. Four years ago Fr. Stephens arrived in this country in company with the Archbishop, for whom, it was understood, he was toactas chaplain and private secretary. A genial good nature, combined with real scholarship and ability without guile or self-assertion, soon won for him tiie respect and attachment of both, clergy and laity. The erection of the beautiful school of St. John's in East Melbourne, in a very short time, was the work of Fr. Stephens, and it will remain an eminent memorial of his missionary industry and success. For some months latterly Fr. Stephens was in charge of the mensal parish of St. Joseph's, Collingwood; and during his brief administration the church fabric was considerably enlarged and beautified. Much regret is felt all round at is departure. He has the best ishes, and will receive the hearty upport, of his very numerous friends n Melbourne. The Rev. R. S. Benson as been appointed temporarily Fr. tephens' successor at Collingwood. he Rev. John Keating, of the diocese f Ballarat, has been temporarily transerred to the archdiocese of Melbourne, nd is at present connected with St. atrick's Cathedral. ST. PATEICK'S CATHEDBAL BUILDING COM- MITTEE. A special meeting of the committee was held on Sunday afternoon in the library at the Palace for the purpose of organising a canvass of the suburbs for subscriptions in aid of the building fond. His Grace the Archbishop occupied the chair, and a large number of the leading Catholics from various districts were present. It was stated that the Contract time for the completion was five years, hut from the energetic manner in which the work was being carried on, the building would be completed within three years. It was therefore necessary to provide for the payment of the contractor. The gentlemen present consented to assist the clerical collectors in thCir various suburbs. The completion of the Cathedral within so short a time. it is anticipated, would act as an incentive to those who have not already contributed to share in the good work in which all Catholics take a pride. ST. PATEICE'S COLLEGE. At the close of the annual retreat for the boys attending St Patrick's College, on the 19th inst, the Archbishop celebrated Mass in his private chapel and administered the Holy Eucharist to the exercitants. Afterwards bis Grace presided at the breakfast prepared f^jr ihe soholon and masters in the lectm^-Mll of the college, Mr. M'Lean, one of l£e professors, expressed, on behw lof the boys, their gratitude io We Archbishop for the favour he luid conferred upon them in being present at the conoluding cerenumy in oonnectun with their relfeat. The An>h^>p, " M V W P I J ^ gMffr&KmMK.; experienced, at being present that day, indicated the noble influence which the lives of good men exerted upon their fellow men, and appealing to the scholars to zealously prosecute their studies, he exhorted them to always keep cleariy before them the glorious end for which they had been created. Master Kiely proposed " Success to the College," coupled with the name of the rector, Fr. Leahy, S.J. Fr. Leahy, replying, expressed his intention of doing his utmost to secure for the college its former place in athletics. After the breakfast the boys again assembled in the chapel, when Fr. O'Malley, &.J., delivered an address. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament followed, with which the proceedings terminated. The retreat was conducted by Fr. M'Enroe, S.J. w THE BEV. <T. HEFFEBNAN. The Bev. J. lleffernan, pastor of SS. Peter and Paul's, South Melbourne, haB, we regret to say, been seriously ill for some weeks past. Fr. Heffernan is suffering from an affebtion of the lungs, and on making inquiries on the eve of going to press, we learned that though there was a slight improvement he was still very weak. THE BISTEBS OF MEBCY. The Sisters of Mercy are literally being besieged during the cold weather by poor persons seeking relief. The Mother Superioress is doing her best to afford each of the applicants all the assistance in her power, and will be glad to receive donations of warm underclothing or the material for it from the charitably disposed. THE CENTENARY OF ST. ALOTSITTS, 8. J. At St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday last, the third centenary of the death of St. Aloysius, the patron of youth, was commemorated with imposing ceremonial. A special service was held at 3 p.m., at which the children of the various Schools of the Cathedral district sented, and it was estimated that 2500 children were present at the ceremony. The proceedings commenced with a procession through the Cathedral and the Palace "grounds in the following order:—Cross-bearer, with two acolytes; 100 members of the Sodality of the Children of Mary; school girls, neatly attired in white dresses, veils, and wreaths; boys of the various schools, wearing sashes and badges of the Sacred Heart; the shrine, containing a relic of the saint, borne by four youths wearing broad sashes of white silk, trimmed with gold, and accompanied by four torch-bearers and thurifer; the lady promoters of the Sacred Heart Sodality, the altar attendants and clergy forming the rear of the procession. Several hymns, including the beautiful hymn to St. Aloysius, were sung, and a large number of very handsome banners were used in the procession, at the conclusion of which Fr. Cleary, S.J., delivered a beautiful and impressivepanegyric on the life and virtues of St. Aloysius, and earnestly exhorted the cliildren present to closely follow the example and practise the virtues of their .glorious patron. The address, which was a moist instructive one, was listened to with the utmost attention by the large congregation of children, a considerable number of adults being also present. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was then given by the Very Bev. Dean Donaghy, after which, the proceedings terminated. In the evening, at Vespers, the Archbishop preached, taking for his subject the. duties of children towards their parents. At the churches of the Society of Jesus special services were also held. At St. Ignatius', Richmond, High Mass was celebrated at eleven o'clock, at which Very Bev. J. L Hegarty preached on the life and virtues of St, Aloysius. SOCIETIES. A meeting of the council of the League of the Cross will be held in St. Patrick's Schoolroom at 3 p.m. to-morrow (Sunday). The annual entertainment of the Melbourne C.Y.M.S. is to take place in the Hibernian Hall on Wednesday next, at 8 p.m. The yearly displays of this body are always of a very enjoyable character, and no doubt a large attendance will on Wednesday attend the entertainment, GEELONO. (From our own Correspondent.) Affairs in connection with the artunion in aid of Oar Lady's Orphanage are progressing in a most satisfactory maimer. Donations of money and goods are pouring in from all quarters, and it is now certain that a handsome amount ' will be realised to help to maintain that 'Jiiost'deserving institution. A.bazaar for the purpose of clearing: off the debt on the presbytery attachec, toflt.Thoma«' Church at Dry (dale will be 1 opened by the Archbishop of Melbourne on f the 'JAthOetpber next. Attesting, at wWohUielS4v. ; J. J. Ouaok?MiiUtt£ , when the stalls wer* ' " allotted, and the ladies are now all hard at work. An art-union, which Mr. Cavanagh, in the position of hon. secretary, undertakes to steer to success, will be drawn at the close of the bazaar. Ata committee meeting of St. Patrick's Society, held last week, the members personally subscribed £2 5 s. to the funds of St. Vincent de Paul's Society, as it was considered informal to vote their fonds to any but the special objects of the society. On Sunday afternoon last the halfyearly reception of Children of Mary at the convent took place. The Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., delivered an address suitable to the occasion, after which he received thirteen young ladies into the sodality. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was then given by the Archdeacon in the convent chapel, which presented a beautiful appearance during the very pleasing ceremony. A public meeting was held on Monday night, when it was decided to erect a Catholic hall iu Geelong. Archdeacon Slattery presided, and donated £1500, as well as giving the site, valued at about £3000. The total amount collected in the room was £2414. It is expected the building will cost £4ffl0. 