A Strange Freak. At the Fitzroy court on Monday an elderly man, respectably attired, and wearing a large bouquet in his vest, and who gave the name of Jesus Christ, was charged with obstructing Divine service at St. Mark's Church of Eng land, George street. Sergeant O'Heare stated that Gn Sunday moriimg Wiluli bR6 ttolcuUallb v«lS UiUUgut ll> the watchhouse by one of the church wardens he refused to give any other name than that of Jesus Christ. He went to the church iu ques tion, and obstructed the morning service by shouting that he was Jesus Christ. The accused produced the following letter, and handed it to the Bench : — To the Gentlemen Before Whom I Have to Appear. — Let it n >t be supposed that i am fii any way deranged in my intellect in consequence of the extraordinary action I have taken in order to compel the office-bearers of the Christian Graven to take action towards bringing about a full and righteous e investigation of the Divine evidence I have supplied them during the past 25 years concerning my and their connection with the second advent or our Blessed Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and which Divine evidence they liave hitherto rejected as insane delusion, thus committing the dreadful sin of blas phemy against the Holy Ghost, by whose sacred and Divme authority and instruction I have been guided; and it is because I know right well that the Divine evidence i possess on the great and gloriously im portant matter— the second advent of Jesus Christ— is perfectly true and in strict accordance with the information contained in the H )ly Scrip tures, and given unto me for the purpose of making it known to my fellow-citizens aa the Divine will and pleasure of Almighty God, whose purposes axe to be known, believed in, and carried out by the instru mentality of mankind, that compels me to take this most serious, solemn, and important responsible action that a Christian man can take for the express ivri'nuRA nf iniliimno' his f a! 1 nxr.ni on f/i snffi ciently interested in such a national and gloriously important matter, so as to ascertain by a full ana righteous investigation whether I am right or not. I am also compelled to take this action from a deep sense of the great wrong that is being done to the nation in supposing me and previously imprisoning me as an insane man for over five years, when in tarda reality I am the messenger appointed by Almighty God our Heavenly Father to make known this Divine will unto mankind; and also by the fact that the cruel sin actually committed by the government of both church and State places the nation in great danger of some serious manifestation of the Divme anger if my application for justice is any further disregarded ; therefore, as an Englishman appealing to the justice of the most Christian nation, I hereby solicit and demand in the sacred name of Jesus Christ an examination to my Banity. and also into the truth and nature of the 'information given me concerning the personal manifestation of the hud Jesus Christ and its relation to the British nation. Mr. E. T. Carter, church warden, dflparad( that on the previous morning; and during thf c walked, up to th»r aKar white- tha-Rev. E. Hughes.was about to administer the sacrament. j&tuSftfti; ahmd e£ber "ItaaJbeua Ghristi; I eommaudtifia acmes- to cease.' The OMara- gation was much aHcnaed, and several ladles Wore vary exctted. Witness, continuing, said, that tkedefendsatrh&d; mteeondueted Itunself in similar manhprat tha church service on a previous Sunday. The Defendant : Did I not tell vou I was Jestffl Ohrist, the- Son of God ?— -rea. — Did I not tefl you I was seat to teach true Christianity, and that! was the Son of God r —Yes. Rev. E. Hughes, curate of the church, stated that at church on the pre rious morning he' was about to administer the- sacrament when the hocused came in front of the altar and said in a loud voice, "I confmand this service to cease. I am Jesus Christ, the Son of God." He .further said that he had been sent by the 'Almighty to teach true-Christianity. The Defendant Do yoa think I am insane. — y-M. lis; O'Meara, PJ#., asked if there wereaay i friends or relations of the defendant in court ? Sergeant O'Heare stated that the defendant rrefused to. tell any other name than the . one hhready given, and also his address. Mr. O'Meara, P.M. ; What's your name ? Defendant (stamping hie. feet violently on the floor) ; " I am Jesus Christ, the Sou of God." xte said to Witness: " Does not the Holy Scripture tell us that at. the second coming of the Lord, He will come in an unknown manner?" — Yes. Defendant: Then, behold, I am he. When asked by the Bench if he had any Statement to make, he said ; You may imprison fee aa long as yon tike, I have suffered when on earth before, and will willingly do so again. The Bench remanded him for seven days for medical examination. The defendant was re moved from the court uttering some incoherent remarks about the Holy Scriptures. 