glmttgementg* TO-DAY'S AMUSEMENTS. AFTEBNOON. Football—Adelaide Oval, Norwood v. Medindie; Kensington Oval, Wills & Co. v. D. & W. Murray. Hilltop—Hunt. AFTERNOON AND EVENING. Hindley-street—Cyeiorama. Cyclorama Buildings—Musical Ghost Hlosion. Rundle-street—Fasting Man. EVENING. Theatre Royal—" The Miner's Right." Garner's Rooms—Hudson's Surprise Party. Town Hall—Popular Concert. THE FIRST OP SEPTEMBER.—Being the 1st of September Tuesday next will be observed as a public holiday. The day has been gazetted as a halidav in celebration of the Duke of Edinburgh's birthday on Angust 6, but again, as in former years, the Government have thought it well to proclaim the holiday on the 1st of the month, as this day has become to be reoognised as "the Labour Day," or the occasion for publio rejoicing over the inauguration of the eighthours system in South Australia, and thus, while loyalty is paid to the Royal Prinoe, the people also nave an opportunity of celebrating the progress of labour. The chief event of the day will be the Eight-hours Demonstration. Races will also be held at Morphettville in connection with the South Australian Jockey Club. The sittings of Parliament will not be resumed until Wednesday in consequence of tbe holiday. ENTERTAINMENT ^T UNLET.—On Wednesday evening a very successful entertainment was given at Unlev in aid of the Enlargement Fnnd of St. Augustine's Church. The Rev. W. H. Mudie presided. Mr. H. E. Fuller began with an overture. A song, "The Village Blacksmith," was excellently given by Mr. Lawfcon. Miss Sunter gave a pleasing rendering of " All in a Garden Fair," and had to respond to an encore. A tableau, "The Rock of Ages," brought tne first part to a close. A recitation by Mr. Bottrill was followed by a song, " The Silent March,"by Mr. Lawton. The programme closed with the performance of a faroe, "Borrowed Plumes." The efforts of Mr. Presgrave as Mizzle and Mr. Salter as Tattleton were much appreciated. The other performers were Messrs. Morrissy, Gepp, and Hitcbcox, and they acquitted themselves admirably. 