THE SALVATWX ARMY. The visit to Roc'kfcaaipton of the chief officer of Uic Salvation Army in Australia. accompanied bv liis secoiid in conimaud lias drawn attention a little more poinledlv to that remarkable organisation. Aithougffrt is exactly thirty years since the Rev. William Ronth, the founder of ihc Army, resigned bis position -is a regular nihiiatcr of the wholly iti cvanpwutic vwk, and \w«uy-rix years since the Army van first started, vet it is not above fifteen year* since it Ixicanic bnouTi outside the itiunciluLtc part of Ljonduu ? to which Its oiwrations vcimj then confined, '. while its ^rcat advance in every part of Uic' Ri'iUsh (ioniuiioiis, n,n-l in:uiy foreign years Lack.* f xvaTa^l.iy of SnalUhin^ with tlic Army, an with ull other or^aniaa ii-ms ?wliielv have ribtn in positmns of ^rcat iti founder built !i up from'* a *Vcry \ obscure Iie£iji»Ui£. *lvnvm) JJwtlj, lo rive ' hi.,, the prefix |,y wllMl. IHm-T ]l0 iJ,,,,^. ? Ally kn.-Wii, -li.| 'not take tlu;. litlf fnmt the j firM. Imlccd iLe r^iluti'in to form llic -mu- | citation of iIm? new Imrly nn a military mmlcl formal establishment, and then it was worked out only in a partial way. Experience showed that this method of government promised far better resulta than any other, and gradually the regulations conformed closer and closer to the pattern selected, until now the constitu tion fvnd laws of the army are as complete and direct aa those of any of the great armies of the world, with one material distinction — the clement of caste is excluded. The discipline of the Army is strict, and its rule as perfect a despotism aa coold be named, but throughout there runs the bond of a. common brotherhood which, so far at any rate, has prevented the growth of that cxclnaiveness which is the peculiar product of all autocratic forms of government. The great advantage of military W is that it is uniple, direct, And prompt in its action. Where the word ot one man is law there can be no delay, unless the ruler is vacillating ; and farther, as the opinions and policy of the autocrat get known there is little doubt as to what course he will follow in most emergencies. Everything depends od the leader ; if he is one bora to command* up light, and full of knowledge and enthusiasm in his work, then the system which invests him with the fullest power will yield far greater results than any representative rule, where decisions are generally the ontcome of conflict and compromise. General Booth possesses fully the great gift of governing, and eo long as he is able with nnctiminished power to direct the Army it may be expected to increase marvellously. Its first great danger will come with the death or retirement of the General By the constitution he has the power of nominating his successor, and in fact must have a sealed nomination at all times lying with the law officers of the Army. But the capacity to rule is not always joined with the power to select a great ruler — Cromwell left his power to a weakling who held it only five y\i nn t.Ti i»- ? p n d further it is not improbable that none finch may offer— great administrators seldom follow one another in quick succession. The point, hoTrever, need not be persued further — at present General Booth is supreme, and how fully he controls his Army is seen trom two incidents of recent occurence. Rot long ago Commissioner Coombs, the head of die Army In Australia, received a cablegram from the General 'Send Borfbot Africa prisoners.' meaning that an officer named Burfoot was to proceed at once to South Africa to take op prison gate work. The same day the Commissioner 'wired Barfoot ' You are wanted Africa, will you go f1 And in less than a month that officer, his wife and fasaUy were on their way. liven, quicker work was done by another officer. The General bad wired the Commissioner desiring that a certain officer should proceed at once to Canada ; hut the Commissioner having special work for that man, replied suggesting another. This was at once accepted, and in three days the officer was on his way. The same prompt orders and unquestioning obedi ence obtain all through the Army. The General is supreme, next to 'him area.numbcrof Com missioncrs who each role over a great territory — there is one in Australia, and another in Canada —and through whom he deliver* bis orders. The coontxy committed to each Commissioner is split up into divisions placed under the charge of a colonel, and these again into districts under a major, and so down to a angle corps under a captain, each as we have in Rockhampton. The Commissioner rules through his colonels, and these again through their majors, and thus authority is exercised aad submitted to in torn by all. In An* tralia— Tasmania is indnded, tnit not New Zealand— there ore over 1000 officers, 17,000 soldiers, and £0,000 adherents. The officers give their whale service to the army, are paid by it, and in fact are aualagoos to the clergy of other religious bodies. The soldiers are identical with Hie members of other churches, and the adherents are those who look upon the army as their church, and more or Sees regularly attend its sen-ices, although they have never formally joined it. In claiming the complete service of their officers the army only follows the practice of all the churches ; but in demanding work from the soldiers it breaks new ground. Ho doubt the xneinl-crs of the various churches are asked, to assist in. the work, and a few do so; but in the Army the £oldiers arc ex pected to take part in tin; services, and to very actively assist in the propaganda, and this it must be acknowledged they generally da with great energy. The circulation of the War Cry, the Anuy organ, is a proof of this — in Australia alone, over 100,000 copies are sold every week, in addition to 2.'i,O00 copies of each issue ef a xnouthlv jonrnaL It is only by tite active canvassing t-f tfae soldiers tliat such a circulation is secured. AU the cuurcuesiiave a paper devoted to their special iuterestfij but iu which, one do the nwmlMSB Btajul regularly in the streets, and offer it for sale * This great circulation of the War Cry not only increases enormously the influence of the Army, but adds largely to its foods. The officers are recruiied from the soldiers. Generally they volunteer for the work, and anyone doing so must, at tlie time at any rate, \\-c genuinely anxious to further the Army cause, for iWc salaries -»!Terea would tempt nobody. A sreat deal of can.- is ^erL-iW in the seluclioi) of applicant*. Strict inquiry is made as to character, a medical uertituM.te ol health demanded, emue acquaiutance with he Army *s work and di^ipliuc required, ai*d UalMWfa£for^ is accepted, ami -lospau-lic-l lo a iraiuinK home where lie siMm.Ib, from three to six mnaliin ; not till tlicu ia lie aUuwcd to lead any meeting and for a time only under the Miijcrvuian of some officer of experience, in docttiral tnaltcn tlic Annv aims ul-ove .iHattiioipHciiy. Il pays httlJ attention to the Vi,«ii -.f l\w *dcii«ce-t«.f,loSyI .«i«l uriVKti dibtnictly to take \ta.n in tjic snai vontrovtrsicR wljidi have divided t he cliurclic*, and eiipagcd the whirls nmers of learned divines. r«*tivalsr as aUch it d*»es not recognise. Christmas and Good Friday are taken advantage of, bong holidays, to hold special meetings, bat equally so are holidays granted for race meetings. Safira mentB also arc unknown in the Anny. Neither the sprinkling with or immersing in water, or the breaking of bread or (drinking -wine are believed to be essential to salvation, which is the one object of the Anny; people, they believe, may be saved who nave neither had the one rite adminis tered, or taken part in the otiier, and so these are nut aside Altogether. To tlift sacrament of communion there is a prac tical objection of great weight in the Army. A Urge proportion of the soldiers hare been greatly addicted to drink, and if wine, even nnfermented, were placed before them it is pro bable the old appetite would be roused afresh. The observance of Sunday is, however, a point of union with the churches, the Army acknowledging the separateoess of^that day. But it is unnecessary to touch further on these pointe, sm in the following paragraphs axe formally set out the principal doctrines held and taught by the Army. PBETCIBAI, DOCXKiraS. 1\. We believe that the Scriptures were given by inspiration of God, and that they contain the Divine role of faith and practice. 2\. We believe there is only one God, who is tiie Creator, Preserver, and Governor of all thugs, and that He is the only proper object of religious worship. 3\. We believe that there are three persons in the Godhead ? the Father, th-* Son, and the Holy Ghost. 4\. We believe that in the nerson of Jesus Christ the Divine and human natfires arc united, «o that He is truly and properly God, and truly and properly man. 5\. We believe that our first parents were created in a state of innocency, but that by ~~ their disobedience they lost their purity and. happiness ; and that, in consequence of their fall, all men have become sinners, totally de praved, and as such are justly exposed to the wrath of God. 6\. We believe that the Lord Jesus Christ htte, Ijy His suffering, and death, made an atonement for the whole world, so that who soever wOl may be saved. 7\. We believe that repentance towards God, faith in oar Lord Jesus Christ, and being converted by the Holy Spirit, are necessary to Salvation. & We believe that we are saved by grace, through faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and Uut he that believeth bath the witness of it In himself. 0\. We believe the Scriptures teach that not only does cantlnnanoe in the favour of God depend upon continued faith In, and obedience to, Christ, bat that it is possible for tfaone who have been truly converted to fall away and be efcOnidUv lost 10\. Ucbdieve that it is the privilege of all believers to be ' vfhdttf sanctified, w and that ** their whole spirit and soul and body ' may ' be prepared blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesos Christ' That is to say, we believe that after conversion there remain in the heart of the believer indications to evil, Or roofa of Htternesa, which, unless over fxttrered by Divine grace, produce actual ein ; btlt that these evil tendencies can be entirely taken away by the Spirit of God, and the whole heart, thus cleansed from anything contrary to the wOl of God, or entirely sanctified, will then produce the fruit Of the Spirit dnly. And we believe tiiat persons tnos entirely sanctified may, by the power of God, be kept dabbmable and onreprovable 11\. We believe in the immortality -rf the soul ; in the resurrection of the body ; in the r:ral judgment at the end of the world ; in eternal happiness of liic righteous ; and in tiic everlasting punishment of the wicked. If the doctrines of the Army are neither numerous nor involved, the declarations it demands from its soldiers, when they are enrolled, are searching enough- Before the name of any person is entered on the roll he must consider' ahd sign the articles of war, and with a copy of thesa this short sketch may be fitly conclnded. 1\. Having received with all my heart the Salvation offered to me by the tender mercy of Jehovah. 1 uo here ami uow publicly acknowledge OoCL to Iw my Father and hiutf, Jesus Christ to lw my Saviour, and the Holy Spirit to be my CuHe, Comforter, aiirt Strength ; awl that I will, by His help, Imw, serve, worship, and obey this glorious God through all time and through all eternity. 2\. Believing snlttnnlv that the Salvation Armv lias liecii created by -io*l, and ia sus tained and direclal by Him, I do here declare my full determination, by -!od's help to be a true -Soldier of the Anny till I die. 3\. I -!«- lienre, anil now, aiul for ever, re nounce tlie world with all its sinful pleasures, companionships, treasures, and objects, and declare my ful! determination Inlilly to *liow myself a Soldier of Jesns Christ iu all places and companies : no matter what I may have to suffer, do, or lose, by so doing. 4\. I do here and now declare that J will abstain from the use of all intosicatin^ liquors, ami also from the habitual use of opium, laudanum, morphia, and all other Imucful drags, cicccpt when in illness smh drag* sliall be ordered for me by a doctor. ii. I do here and now declare that 1 will ..l.=1.,;n rrnm tlie «t-U' nf all iOW OP TirofallC laxuniaiic 'i from the taking of the mtine o* G.hI in vain : and from taking J«rt in niiy ? obaceuc Wk or piper at any time, in any coimiauv »-r in any nla.ee. 0 J «lo her*-- declare that I will not allow myself in any falsehood, «leveitFalm-ss. nils representation, or dishonesty ; neither will I practise any fraiululrnt conduct, citlit-r in uiy wHSdiTinay stan-l'towy fell..u--im- ii. but th*t i- J will fU-al tmtlifally, fairly, lioimuraMy. an-1 kindly with all llmji u-1i» may ortj-l.ty me or whom 1 mav mvMdf employ. i ! 7. 1 do hm Uwlare llrat I wHI never treat any woman, child, or other person, Those life, comfort, or happinen may be placed witMn my power, in an oppressive, cruel, or cowardly manner, bat that I will protect such from evil and duftpyr bo far as I can, and pro mote, to tlie utmost of my ability, their present welfare and external salvation. S. I do here declare that I will spend all the time, strength, money, and influence I can in supporting and carrying on this War, And that I will endeavour to lead my family* friends, neighbours, and all others whom I ?rail fnflnrtf-cfc to do the same, believing that the sore and only way to remedy afl the evils in the world is by bringing m6n to submit themselves to the government of the Lord Jesns Christ. 9\. I do here declare that I will always obey the lawful orders of my Officers, and that I will cany oat to the utmost of my power all the Orders and Regulations of Hie Army ; and further, that I will be an example of faithfulness to its principles, advance to the utmost of my ability its operations, and never allow, where I can prevent it, any injury to its interests or hindrance to its success. 10\. And X do here and now call upon all present to witness that I enter into this under taking of my own free will, feeling that the love of Christ who died to save me requires from ine this devotion of my life to His service for the Sal ration of the whole world. 