ILIS ANNGEL.* BY HENRY INERM?AN. uthor eo " Scarlet Portune.'" " Egle ioe." . .Leteeen the Vhiffi." "A leuItttg Li.yr.' " Nor Od yirginia," etc. CITAPTrKt VIII. (CorsuTUED.) 'he rest ft rue day was marked in red letters in the calendar of Mr. turner's de lsauchery. He determined to ceaebrate his prosperous progress by getting as drunk as the proverbial lord, but there was a spice of wis dom iu his folly, for he made up his mind to get the full measure of his intoxication early in the evening, so thathe might be able to sleep tff itstffects before his sonu called the -following. day. The idea was no soonerconceived than acted upon, and a dozen lords could not altogether be more inebriated than Mr. Turner was half an hour after he had fairly started. When the old rufian' was intoxicated, he was distinguished by three prominent charao teeste's, ti first being the mad liberality with whichrle bought drinks for everybody with. in sight; the second his animal craving for female society, generally of the lowest, the most degraded, and the most boisterous type? and, thirdly, aslritu f fiery' pugnacity, which inevitably resu:ted in quarrels. The senile debauchee, having had his full fling in spending his son's allowance, and having surrounded himself with three damsoas who were quite as capable as he in the consumption of ardent liquors must needs get at loggerheads with a brawny, fair.haired, Swedish sallor, the result being that he was in a trice severely kicked, ladly bruised, and obliged to fly for his life to Ins bedroom, miniuus his frail ones, and-miinus a ready supply of whiskey. It is said that a apecial providence watches over such unworthy dlrunkards as he, and in this case he fared indeed better than he deserved, for the excite \- r entand the drink colulitnedl resulted in his fallingatleep.and not waking till early next omorning. The dawning day ftitid Mr. Turner rubbing his black bruises, lut glad to discover that no bones were broken. A\hbig. gulp of whiskey stea.died his shaking nervf , and after collect in - his wits; he felt himself rltey to meetrhis son. The old rmnflan pretended tobe sufferingfrglt a bad headache whets the latter called. - 'Ia " I've bin a?h' took'r glacs too nmudi last night, my loe,'' lhi said, " but I shran't do it .jgin. I gueos it ain't so easy to get shut of anl sld habit like that. I was stone tired last might. I'd bin havin' a derned long walk up town an' bhck agin..Long walks do me good. An' I've bin' lookin' for a mran as I've bin waatin' to come rp withfor ever so long. I've Ihad a grudge agin him this many ayear, an' I want to get en the prairie whIh lim." 'Wtho is it" askedL young Underwood casually. u' Oh,' I guess yew don't know him,' answered the old villain, in his best comedy style, keeping his coldly glittering eye fixed 'upon the young man. 'It'ds a maun thats done me a mountain of wrong. I don't know as ycw'va ever heerd o' my pardner, Joe liobin. s3i, .IHellflireJoe ; he was a rough 'un, brathe w'osn't a bad 'un if yew" knowed him, Waal, that man as I've bin n-wantin' to nieet hanged him, an' he would have hinged mre, I tell yew, if he'd cotched me." ' I should have thought that this is riot the sort of acquaintance you would care to meet again," retorted young Underwood,' with a told smile." " Oh, I've got r~y reasons." exclaimed Mr. Turner. "Joe Robinson had a daughter. She was quite a baby when poor Joe was lynched, but now I guess she'd be nigh on twenty year old. The brute that henoed her father carried her off, an' he's bin bringin' her up as his own daughter, but I won't have the gell kept igndrin' of her father's name." " Where is the girl '" asked the young man, getting interested in his father's recital. •*" Who is the man I" " I' reckon yew might have heerd about himt" answered the old man, looking fixedly at his son. " He's worth a pile. Hie's got an all'lr'ed flune house on Fifth Avenue. lHis name is Dan Kershaw." That bolt, to Mr. Michael Turner's blank dismay, went wide of the mark. and returned to stilke the ruffian's own head, like a misdirected boomerang. Hubert Underwood, his eyes aglow with fierce resentment, with his teeth hard set and his fists clenched, turned his chair, and glared his father full in the face. - " You have been following. iise," he cried with a quiet intensity. " Confess it. You have been following me, or I may forget that I am your son, and throttle you." The turn which the affair had taken so took the old' man by' sarprise that he could only stamrmer. "Ioaia'fdone nothen. I've.got a right to take a walk if I want to. I guess I've got-" " Co?fess you've been playing the spy upon me," repealed Hubert with slow deliberation. " It will be bettor for you to tell the truth." Mr. M'ichael Turner took a convenient rofuge in an'assumption of offended silence. " Well," continues the young man, "since you will not speak, I will confide to you what I have done. I naturally wanted to know how you. came to New York, when you came, in what wise von came, where you came from, and I employed the time you occupied in dogging my. footsteps by setting an inquiry agept .to ;discover partiulars of Michael Turner's-Cheeseface Mike's-latest career." "The old man's pale features turned a ghastly ashen at that unexpected sally. '"".The agent required only two days," the youfig journalist went on slowly and coldly, "to.discover that .Michael Turner was,. about three" weeks ago, an inmate of the gaol, at Cleveland, Ohio, having been condemned, to 'a lengthened term of hard labout for theft and attempted murder ints a house of ill.fame, He learned further that Michael Turner. together with two other convicts, escaped from that prison during the sudden illness of the head gaoler, who, it has since been proved, was poisoned by accomplices, and that the Clove. land police are at this moment actively search. in? for Mr. Michael Turner. Now. as a good citizen,it is my duty to inform the police of the whereabhouts of Cheesefaco Mike, and by heaven I will do it if you stir out of this house another yard without my express permission, if you as much as whisper what you said to majust now to a living soul." " Yew'd have yewr father sent back to pris'n 1" hissed the baffled scoundrel. " Waal, a fiho thing it would be for all the world to read in the papers that Mr. Hubert Underwood the nice young gentleman, is the son of a thief." " Don't you lay thie flattering unction to your soul that vau canstcare me with that bogey. There would be no report in the papers about yourarrest. I'd call in the first policemen atnd ive you into custody. There would be no trial, and if there were, Iwould only have to explinmy position to the news' edlitors, and th ot a paper in New York or the States w, rl.ceport the case. I've geot you bv d give you the option to live comu S 'such reduced allowance as I will -you, or go back to jail. But I'll do prevent you from harming those I .'. - ''uas sure as there is a God above us . i'~a la olve me if I curse and hate my own ?ier-l'r. Now do your damnedest at your t Golly ." exclaimed the old villain, when his son hadi left the room. " HeIs ain't the fool I took him for. Imight ha' knowedil it," he added, rneairly proudly, "he's my son." He was netong left it doubt for confirma. tion of the surlprisitg discovery that Hubert was not thofool lIe had thought him to be, for less than five minutes nfterthe close of their inter view, thIe proprietor of the Nelson Grarld hotel opened the bedroom door, and barely putting in his head witlt the remark. " Oh, you're there all:right, are you ?" closed the door again. The mnoment afterwards MJr. Turner heard the key turned in the lock, and a sudden white rage seethed withinhlrim. He boundcd to.the door and tried the handle. He was locked in. It would be neither desirable nor profitable hero to record or imitate the avalanclrho of oaths and curses withl which the caged scoundrel greeled trisnovel state of things. Ite raved, and jumped, and danced up and down the roomn like a lunatlc, tearing his sparse hair, and knocking his head against the wall in sheer insane fury. Ifaving exhausted himnself in such futile ragi, he flew to his habitual fountain of telief, the whisky bottle: but that was empty, and not a drop could hIe wheedle or coax out of it to moisten his iparched throat. He ran to the bell and rang it violently, but obtained rno response. Thereupon hIe com. menced to hammer at thie door like a madman. screeching anid screaming, shouting himself hoarse at the same time with thIe filthiest and nr-ot loathsome language that ever defiled human lips. By-and'by the heavy tread of the stalwart landlord reached the third floor, and the bed room door was opened. Mr. Turner, by that time, was nearly speech less with frenzy. "-You're a fine old villain," exclaimed the proprietor, standing there with armis crossed over his heet. " I'd advise you to make less noise if you don't want to get'that ugly head o' yours broken." "How dare you lock me in?" roared Mr. Turner. " Dare?"' sueered the landlord with a laugh. you old thief ?" The aged scoundrel world have flown 'at the pgoprietor's throat, had not the latter's broad cliest'.beokin ad a forbidding strength. He gli?id-bonut him for a weapon, bptsaw none a'aity to~his hand. . , . - • 'Yewe've got no right to lck me to," he whined-la a sputtering rage. "It's aginthe law,.sIt's agin the law." " Law P?'?w'as the contemptuous reply he got. "I gness you've had your stomachful of the ~'ablasdbysed es gseaement with the pub Us~her. Ward. Lok and a. got to stay in this -room' util youi to pdr." wuttsd to move. .And more than that. Not a drop of liquor will you get while you're here. Auu if you smake the slightest atlemlpt toeacape, I'll have to take rou bs' the ecrutt of the neck, and run ro out into the streert, nd haltd ysu over to the firat policeman. Now, which is it to be?" His rage and discomfiture overpowered the white-haired rogue. anId he sat down on the bed and fairly bhlutbberel. The landlord threw outan " L guess you understand what you've got to do now," aud left the roJm, locking the door behinn him. CHAPTER IX.-" You HAvE B .een MY FATIUEL" While the blsck thunder clouds of the ex posure of .ter father's shame were rolltng nearer and threatening.3Liss Angel's peace, the youug lady wasti the happlieist 5ul bubiestqt moods. Au outfit had to heordered, aid?.fori the'first time in he younig' life 'Mieas KeieShaw. took an inteest-'a" great iitermf-?in female. duery and'nillitier' artifi'ces" 'She considenr'd that, ii, going abroadti she wabh levisg 'tier couutry'whiich was her Owa hour'e, 'and where. she could dress as she pleased, for one where. the foibles of ceremonious society had to be taken into account, and where a sop hadl to be thrown to the Cerberus of fashion, if shoe de sire to associate with people who. were hqr, equals in station., She had shrewd common sense euosgh, to 'uderstaild thatt, whilst in New York and the states, she was. blis? Kelshaw of Angelica City, a personility whom most'people knew, and who could afford to dress as emptly or as oddly as she pleased--in Europe the customs and habits of society would have to be considered, and she would not be able, for instance, to go to a dinner party in her ordinary walking dress, without attracting un. charitable notice, hluch as seo disliked it. therefore, at first, she had to haud herself over to thle tender mercles of the fashionable dressmaker. But appetite comes with eating, and whetherit was thit the enthua!asm of the modiste about gorgeous gowns, and miatles, and hat 'not was foutagicus, or that the Vouting lady had never really understood whst delight the female mind can find over the salection of materials, the all- important decisions anentcut and salpae, and especially over that superlatively excittilg occl?pation of trying on, Mltsi Angel's opinions xfroks and froak-buti;l2Tts-g '~urely, underweut a complete change, and she wae as happy over her newly diin. vered excite ment as a child over a new toy. Miss Kershaw was closeted with her philo solpher and. guide, the fashionable milliner and dressmaker, deep in the etudy of the intricacies of the last'Parisian edicts relating to frocks, when IHuhert Underwood was admitted below, an I itutuediately proceeded to thelibrary, where he hoped to tiud-)Dauiel Kershaw. . 'ho.young man was pale., His eyes wan dered about the room restlessly, and his hands trembled. Mr. Kershaw happened to be momentarily absent, and to the -young jour unlist the few uminutes that elapsed before the millionaire entered the library ap'ieared. in terminable. ... . The old pioneer at once noticed the peeu. liurly nervous condition of the usually so calm and unexcitable young man, and immediately faced him with the remark : " Thar's somethin' gone crooked, boy, I know. What is it ?" " Mr. Kershaw," answered Underwood, " I had intended, if possible, to spare you the worry and annoyance .which are bound to arise from the disclosure I have to make to you, but matters have taken such a turn that I deem it my duty to tell you what has hap. pened'." " " pen" Il'hrd' " exclaimed the old man. " - guess 'hat yow're goin' to tell me ain't as sweet is liiaple sugar, and if yew don't mind, I'll sit down to it. Now, lty boy," he con tinued,. seating himself in his big narmchnir, " yew can start, an' run, au' race, an' have the whole length o' the road." i' Mly father, the father of whom I have such reasonu to be ashamed," coutinued HIubert, with an anxious tremor thrilling in his voice, " is iidiew York. He has been in Now York for somi days.' " It '' asaDaitel Kershaw's turn now to feel. his iers'es tihgling with an unaccustomed trepi dation."' He had faced dangers of all kinds over and over again; he had laughed:gaunt' death 'in the face on scores of occasions, but shatme, and especially shame. and dietress to his Angel, atfrighted him. A ghost had haunted him for two or three days past, a ghost called up by Michael Turner's face wlich hoe had seen from his iindow;, the ghost of .Hellfire Joe thatscowled at him of a tiight, and glared at him from odd corners of his dreams, and pointed with claw-like fingers to its torn ani swollen neck. and cried, "What right have you with my daughter ? Give up my daughter! Tell hler thant you killed me ' " Wa? ," lie said slowly, " that ain't news as one would print,. an' buy a frame for, an' hang in the parlour, but I guess it woas to be some day or other. I reckon ho wants money, an' he'll have to have it." d "I have given him money," retorted Under wood, bitterly, " hut it is like droplets thrown into the ocean. The more you give, the more he wastes in debauchery, and the more he wants. That would be little, but he has just escaped from gaol, and there is no crime that he would not commit, when in drink, or to get drink. He made a great show of being anxious to reform, and very nearly succeeded in throw ing dust in my eyes. Luckily hebetrayed him. self, and he betrayed himsglf over a real or pretended grudge against you." "Agitl ine?" cried the fod man in astdnish ment. "What's he got pgin me?" The whole story had to be told-the sore had to be laid fully bare. . "Ile says,' continie Hutort, with slowly nervous deliberation, " that 'you hanged his partner, Hellfire'foo, that you nearly hanged, him, that Miss Kershaw 'is' Hellfiro Joe'. daughter, and that he will not allow her to remain in ignorance of her father's name." The old frontiersman had risen slowly, with blanching face, and stonily hardening features, silent and grim. Gradually the heaving bosom swelled, the lips opened, showing the teeth, hard set, and a tierce solemnity, the solemnity of outraged justice, shone in his eyes. " Mike Turner yewr'father," hissed Kershaw, "an' he'll tell my Angel that her father was a. murderer, an' that I hanged him. Not much he won't, I reckon. 'Whar is he?" he do., mended nearly savagely. " I have him safe for the moment," answered Underwood, aghast at the impression' his announcement sad mad e upon the millionaire. "Hie is under lockiand key in a small hotel in Canal street,' and,'tbh proprietor is keeping watch and'guard over him." " Bitt yoew cayn't keep him 'thar for ever," cried the pioneer.~ 'Let's keep our heads cool, an' soe that tbe'priniin's dry. It won't do now to go to Yewrnap, an' leave him hyar. That would look cowardly, an' no man or devil shall ever saythat Dan'l liershaw wos afraid of him. It nin't yewr fault, my boy, that Choeseface Mike is yawr father, any more than it's my AnIgREl's fault that HIOellfire Joe was hers." He h'ad confessed the hard naked truth without knowing that hehad confessed it, but, now that it was told. he felt the load of a miillstone takeu' from his mind. For years he ihad jealonsly guarded the secret. Now another man shared it, the mtuan of all others most likely to shield, with the bulwark of his own life, her whom it threatened. And Hubert, knowing that his Ibetrothed was of as lowly, as mean, and as despicable birth as himself, wasso steeped in his love that he felt not evena titgo of added joy over the dis covery which brotught Augelica Kershaw to a nearer level with hunsolf. She was not lowered a lhairsbreadth in his esteem, in his reverence, it his adoration. Only a tremorous pity, a tender sorrow that annointed his love, and made it a trillo softer and balmier. Not a re tmark, not an ezclamatirn of surprise escaped from his lips. His Angel was his Angel, and he would as lief have chided a butterily for having sprung from It chrysalis as having dlroazed of deeming it a reproach that she was as low.born as himself. "Iguess yew've got to let me handle that fthler o' yowrn,"' continued Daniel Kershnaw. "It ain't to be reckoned as yew'd keep the grip on him another mans could. I[e ain't quite a dog gone fool. Cheeseface Mike aiu't. If he'sescaped from pris'n, he knows that he catl be sent backagint. Io mlay think that his sool wouldn't do that, but ho'e tasted samples of my pepper afore, an' I guess his mouth is sRn,,rtin' yet. Thar's two things he did. MikeTurner's got to be made to keep a close tongue, and"l-here the old man's voiceo dropped, and a tremor vibrated through it " iy Argel's got to know that I aint't her " But surely--" exclaimed I[ubert. " Oh, don't yew go an' frighiten yourself," interrupted Kershaw. " I ain't goin' to tell her nothen about IIelfire Joe an' Iais gallows. Thar ain't nothen to be gained by thit. But I cosat Sas I [got to be honest at last, an' tell her its I've stole her love, an' beg Iher to forgive me-forgive me." 'i'The voice became softer and inearly tearful as he went on. It was thie voice of a poor repentant sitnner proclaiming his hope of a pardon to " Yes, my boy," he repeated, "I've stole hier love; an' what s mora,"' ie added with a stern resolution. "I mean to kee-p it, God beit' willin', all the days of ay life. Now yew go down town, an' if it can be did, yeew bring that father o' yewrn to me hyar. If it cayn't be did, ycw come back an' let me know, an' I'lL go down to him." "It's only right," he muttered when the young man was gone. "It wasn't fair to start with. an' God knows I've tried to fight ngim it, an' till her of it this many a year past'iL" The young lady was in a pretty pout at being dietterbed. . .. .. " What a bother, daddioe dear!" sahe ex. claimned as she came into the'room, radinqt?wlith the glow. of agreeable . excitement. "MrMr' MIortimer is upstairs, and her assistant, and sho has' to no back nearly imomediately, aud sh: can't wait." ' '" "Sit down her.e, my Angel," he said softly. "Never mind the dressmaker for a few minits." "A few minutes?"' shbe "dried, pursing her prettylipe. "'A few minutes P" " Yes, a few minits," he replied. "Perhaps, ten-perhajps fifteen. Yew'li give them to yewr daddie, won't yew, if he asks yew f" " Why, you're as serious as a judgoe, daddie dear," rejoined Miss Angel. seating hersolf on a footstool at his feet and looking up into his eyes. " What iv the matter? What has hap pened ' He took her head between his two hands and kissed her upon the forehead, long and fervently. " I love yew sot my Angel." he breathed. " I believe I'd die if I were forbid to love yew. I ain't much of a hand at sayin' whys, tieor wherefores, nor hows, but I know that yew're e?ttled, jest here--jest on my heart, an' growed thar." " I know this, daddle darling," she whispered suerprioedly. "I have known it ever since I've been able to understand what at is to be loved." " Al'"yew love me, my dear," he continued in the :sme t'nderly vibrating. half-broken voice.- " Yew love me as a good gell ought to love her father. Tell me, dearie, do yew love me'becauie it's yewr nature. an' yew cayn't help lovin' me?" Sne looked np at him with her big, ldark eyes rismsnng with her heart's full devotedlne-s. '" What a question to ask, daddie!"' she said smilingly. " I love you h?n;iie I love you. Because you're the drarest daddie in the world; because not to love you would be impossible." " Ah, would it ?" he retored. "Suppose yewr fathrr was dead na' "gone long ago, an' I've taken his place, an' given out as I was yewr father." His eyes were glued upon her as he spoke. He watched every movement of her features, as if all his heaven were staked ipon her reply. "I don't want ton suppoe any such thing." she answered. "What is the good of it?" ' Answer me," lioe pleade. "Suppose it woe. Suspose I w sn't yar father-how would it be theh' I"' '~ Why it it were so,', she replied with drooped eyes, and" the fingers of one hand nervously moving across the open palm of tie other, "you have been my father-I know no other-I can think of no other." " But if I had told yew lies.!' be went on in a hoarse stoniness,-"if I had told yew stories that woan't true, becos I had to say somethin',; yew, know, when yew asked iuestlfois,-an' yew did ask a lot, yew know--alleorts of 'em about yewr mother, an' about things--an'I~.1 told them one afite another, a'i' ono wickeder than _sothter. .Be?vew see; my dteaie,'" he cried in an. agony of confession, "I am. hot yewr father, an' I've lied to yew all thislwhile. An' now it's had to come out, .an' yew'll. de:, spin? me." liaturned his face asido and buried it in hie hands. She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of piteoiss sympathy w?elling in cher eyes and rolling over her cheeks, drew his fingers aside from where they rested, atid'encircling his neck with her soft arms, pressedt her face against his, sobbing as if her heart-strings were over. strained in their effort to make sweet music. :. "" o- daddie darling,'' she cried. " Never, daddie darling-never, now, in this life which is youets- never, now or hereafter. Iou not my father V -There is only one for riue Besides you the Master in heaven. A thousand times more my father 'nosy, than you ever could have beet,.", And kissing him again and again in such holy embrace as a daughter may give-to her parent, she laid her head on his bosom, and the sturdyv pioneer wept with her as .though they both were childresn.. Sihe pulledout her handkerchief and dried his ey s.snd hers at the same time. r* Listen to nie, aiy 'Asigol,"'he whispered. " I'll ha~i it off my chet-as much of it, ut any rate, as yew need be told." A 'shiver of self.reproach went through him at th it moment, as he ret!ected that a portion at least of the dread facts would have to be con, cealed from her. "Yew wos a tiny wee baby," he went on slowly and stolidly, " when vowr father ,lied jest about three year old-ai' yew had no ore in the wide, wide world to give yew as much as a ilrop o' water-no father, no mother, no sister, no brother,. no nobody. I knowed yewr. father... He was not a very good man, but it ain't.my plice "hyarto say -a word agin him afdore yew, his daiightetr.: Yoew wos the prettiest bsbby that I ever seed, an' the mo Inent I set my eyes on yowI took'to yew, an' yew took' to ~me. Yo :could barely toddle then, an' I woe' as pleased as a squaw over a new red blanketlto have a little thing like yew crowin' at me when I cum home from the mountins or frome prairie loaliu', An' then yew growed, an' the more yew'd growed, the more yew got to be 'heed tome, an' I would rather have done without, my, pipe, an' my whisky, fifty times aye, w:thout yew. An' then yew got to be old enough to talk, atnd to ask about things, an' then the lies had to begin, and yew called ome daddie, an' I didn't like to say nay to that-it would have hurt me to say nay to that. Then all the folks about called yew IKorshaw's little wench, an' I didn't eay nay to that either, an' the bigger yew growed, lhe prettier yew growed, an' yew got to be jest a bit of my heart like, an' a man might as easy have cut a slice o' that out, as yew, Then I got rich, an' the gold cum tumblin in, waggins full, an' I wos glad it cur. I said to myself, that's all for my Angel, an' that pleased me, yew know, an' made me work harder, cos I had yw, my dearie, to work for. An' yew growed quite a hldy, an' so hensom, an so lovin', an' so kind 'to me, an' all the people loved yew, an' I wos so proud that they did love yew, an' though I often did thinkof tellin' yewi.I ,never'had the heart to'do it till now. An' now I have told yew, an' yiu haven't; called me;names; an' yew'vo kissed me, an"' I'm happier than ever. I was, cos I've told yew v hr t yew ought to have- knowed years g, n.'. He raised her and drew her to his breast, and enfolded. her- slight. friime with his great" strong arms. and pressed her to hisheart, and neither of them uttered a whisper for the space of 'a misutb or two. " "' Do not speakofIblis again, daddie darling," she breathed. " I want to know no more about it. I am doubly your child, for now my sense of gratitude is awakened, and I am beginning to feel bow much I owe to your love. But for you I might be a poor, wretched, forlorn waif of the proiries-a straw cast before the winds -and hero I am rich, respccrtd, beloved, and cared for. I have not yet been able to arrive at a full appreciation of my debt to you, but I wilt soon, 'daddie dear, I will. But I'll love you all the more, if that be possible. I'm a Sfright,"ale o: exclaimed with changed counte nance, jumping up and regarding herself in the mirror, " and Mrs. uMortimer will think you've been scolding me, and have made me cry. I. don't care." she added brightly, smoothing her tresses and cooling hek glowing face with her handkerchief. "let her thank what she likes." She blew a kiss to him as she paused fora moment at the door. "God bless yost. daddie darling,"'she whi:s. pered, and was gone. Gonelike a soft breeze that has cooled the bIbuning face. Gonse like a bounteous shower that has refreshed the sunscorched plain. Gone like blessed charity that leaves its happi. ness in its wake. Gone as love does go when it has brought lifo and hope, and has promised to return. The pioneer wos sitting in his arm chair dreamily, us he had never romembqred hlimself before. A doubt still battled ,in his mind. Ought I to have told her allP, he deliberated with hiimself. Ourght.Itd tell "her still? No, no, no, no! came :te' answer of his conscionco, clear as a clarion:; you must not break her Syoung heart mid blast all her life with the cankvriug thought that her father was an seasnis. , At that moment young Underwood appeared at the door, .paler even than he had been earlier in the morning. "What's the sign now?" asked Kershaw. " Is thar a painther loose?" "iNo," gasped the young man, "bst a creature that's far worse. iy father has got awav again." "Got away!'" exclaimed the- pioneer. "He htis neaorly murdered the landlord of the hotel," continued Underwondl. " He made a ghlastly horrible sling-shot by filing a heavr tumbler with the iron tops screwed oft from the fire-irons, and tying the lot in a handkerchief. lie lay in wait behind the door for the poer man, and when the latter entered to give him his lanchson, lie struck him a fearful blow over the back of the hend, breaking the tumbler into half-'sdozen pieces nod fracturing the skull. It is doubtful whether or not the wounded man will live, and in the 'hurry and skurry my fathler got clean away." " Weal,a boy, what do yew propose to doT" asked Kerohaw . '' Heaven only knows," replied the journalist. "Thero'll be a trial now, and an exposure, and Miss Angelica may hear all about it, for the old villain will certainly not hold his tongue. O God," he cried, "is it a sin to wish one's own father dead ?" Ir ncatico) 