TH€TWHMST. ON THE GREAT MOUNTAINS. Hy Telemaciiis. And \vc rode away on a ridge which divided , boldly the eastern and the western waters, the Snowy and the Murray rivers. High. | aloft still amongst the snow and the snow (lowers, and in utter solitude, save for the I birds. The eagles never left their craggy | heights or ceased their magnificent (lights. Farther and farther away, till they appeared but as specks or motes above the mighty forms which suffered no perceptible | diminishment by distance. Large brown swifts were now about us, and down above the timber we could see (lochs! of the JJogong crows rollicking through I the air, tumbling about in their (light like I Fnglish rooks at play. Hut no other living! thing was visible on all the face of the earth. Tracks there were of the dingo and the wild j cat, and wild eyes were doubtless peering out j at us from sorns dark crannies in the rocks. These wild creatures Inhabit here, secure from | all disturbance, and snakes come nearly if not quite up to the snow line, adapting their vile selves in strange fashion to every Aus tralian circumstance. None crossed our I (rack, however, formally and many a mile. Wc rode on and 'on,, keeping to the main ridge ; 110 road of any sort, 110 path even. As far as practicable Jim Find lay pro posed to make a bee-line to the shoulder of the New South Wales Bogong, which now became the most conspicuous object a weary way ahead. Snow about us all that afternoon. Sometimes in llalces and patches, not unfrequently in broad sheets, about which we had to ride carefully, for the 1 melting snow is treacherous. Flowers with : us also, though in less than 10 miles we 1 rode out of the true mountain daisy land. | Thcv seem to have been planted only on the ! sacred heights. It is a very strange country ' through which we ride. Great grey rocks jut out through the high, uncropped grass; | innumerable creeks, crystal-clear, trickle down the slopes, or steal noiselessly through j deep channels in the frequent morasses. It is the laud where the rivers are created, where the water spirits should dwell. j It is 4 o'clock in the afternoon when j we come to the snow timber line, I the uncouth, gnarled, knotted fringe which makes a hand not by any means ; unl-ke a crown of thorns about all the 1 mountain brows. We found a way through j weak places, and came out again 011 j (he plains. We paused for a while by a j little mound of rocks, which surely, one | might say, had been prepared by Nature for some high purpose. They were piled 011 a broad, green, gently-sloping hill breast. They rose caim-hke to a height of not less than 50 feci, and in every hollow was a nest of grass ami (lowers, and in every cranny a braid of delicate tern, and within ! If one could muse here for a while, something should surely be discovered to a lively imagination, not all unworthy of association with tiie beautiful myths of the elder world. But Jim said, " Ride on, ride 011." And in another hour we descended to abroad valley, down which flowed a bright, glad creek. A ■ alley a half-mile in breadth and winding miles and miles through the hills; a valley now all tall grass ami bright (lowers; a valley which would satisfy and delight any pastoral pioneer, which should feed and fatten, so it seemed, tens of thousands of sheep and cattle, but in which wc now ] stood absolutely alone, still a no-man's laud, still closed against any continuous occupation by the bar of the winter snow. Now we were willing enough to make a camp by that creek. I at least was not after a quarter of an hour's spell anxious for the saddle again, for of riding as of every other 1 carnal pleasure there cometh satiety with continuance. " It is live o'clock anyhow, and what is the hurry':" .Jim answered;! " there are clouds about, and the sooner we j get out of this snow country the better." j Clouds I The uninstructed eye looked aloft, and saw but a few baseless, isolated masses j roiling about, giving variety of glory to the 1 blue. What had cue to fear from clouds | such as those. The answer is, " They grow up here, they come up or down, and they stay j sometimes. Say any one of those fellows , should take a notion to camp down on top of us, and stay for a day or two, where j should we bef " In the cloud, of course." "Kxsctly I bushed in the cloud, if you like —locked up, blocked. We couldn't ride another yard, and clouds are always cold, land sometimes they change to rain or to snow ; and how would you pick jour way I across or through the bogs if there were only an inch or two of snow 011 the top of them 5" The clouds did not appear half so glorious after those few remarks, and none of us were j eager for an Ixion embrace. Strange how good the horses were. I rode old Henderson Africanus, born and j named in the old Berry-blight time ;! for I thought, said Mr. Fitullay, he | ! was likely to turn out a useful sort of creature. Full thirteen years old therefore, I and yet sound as a bell and hard as iron, j breasting a hill over which the low sun was streaming now, and stretching out in a canter when the summit was reached, free as if j fresh from acorn manger, anil at the begin ning of a day's journej*. But for all that I began to despair of making the shoulder of the Bogong that night. Wrapping the even ing mist like a cloak about his rugged bulk, lie seemed actually to recede irom our approach. He was eight, ten, twelve miles j :awov. "Nonsense, not more than five." I Anil still wc rode on. A good five miles, and I down went the sun, aud still the Bogong ! was far away. " We have as good a chance of getting to heaven as of making that mountain to-night." A look at the clouds, and "Well, then, we'll camp." That was good news. Wc turned off a hundred yards to the left, and halted on sound, dry ground, just below a timber belt. There was not much time to look about just thtn, although the mystery of the twilight was near its perfection. It takes a little time, even for quick and experienced hands, to pitch a tent, and make a sleeping lloor, and gather up-a-iiigh^s-firewomty- I roast confess also to ifferling of desperate weari ness that evening. We had been near twelve licuvs in the saddle or 011 our feet, aud had covered full fifty miles of the roughest country in Australia, aud had mixed it up with as much walking and climbing as would make up a fair day's work without the riding. ehduTi7ig; as IT mSdetni of ^pniig steel, niicT bade me stretch myself on the rugs and rest while they would get everything in trim. And so 1 Ir.y at ease and watched th» fire kindle and brighten, and the. twiii...bi Jot" to darkness, and ihe mist steal about the fiats, and the great mountain tiecouie but a ghost, vanishing utter!; as«« length the *. n utdgu narrow lionwnn-'-^ VftOf«»ii» )$ut far more wild and weird were *11 . !''f w,,on the moonlight filled the valley to Vd,iar 0IV, midnTght 1 came out to buihl up tlie fire ami saw tfi«> stiange, silent, solitary country all around most curiously revealed. Was it silent, was iioree^HJso^nd^onBro^ndSCTniam'e 8 unlljl'°,us sounds from Oicim „e o1 "if f'5e IJut hsten more eloiely— look Anther afield. There are band 9',!r,y h'<te blackness °f that timber band J fie Moo-poo! Moo-pool," is familiar enough, and fit denizen of such a lesut is the strange creature who gives it utterance. JJut what strange chirping and I VJ'S,£m'dni«rmur°us, sobl ting, whistling 'sou.,la come from all the brokd tract"! moiass. Something surely lives, moves & n» (T • lklges rise on eithei I hi f'l » J{°p°1nS »s seen again mighty j in the moonlight. I could Tiardlv have ln?lU|inl '* .stranSe if the mystic bunyip '-"I "lonsH'ous ,JU,k ^in the raim-mtni. i i"* 01 ^ s?me ^a'rer form, remnant or last representative of elfin folk a Id lisanT thf^ V»' Sin?i'\\!? as t0 the ,a(f .ma lass .it the gloamin' I'.uclni" in a i j j ! deserves to be better V, r... r Indeed, tire,- seemed soimim,. ' . our pr-si■;i; c i!i?;e — fiOiOf?in might wel■ ph,-,. i;e res'-nmu-re ■ ; who hadd, ,-i.r.,! (ilC 1 when tlie ■untain was up (so sparse!,- Vfi-ihed v, bis ahmre/1 Morning .■ w:'i. sun,bin.. nn sky. Happily »lu- clouds si,-,-.ve«l lor {iclori':' iiC'iijhiiifflDct1 ip *ic< south W n I hiid Vh, night, and as we rode out from tl perfect shelter of our hill side camp it lii-med ;trid slung, and declared plainly enoui i * 'hat it was fresh from Kosciusko's height a id !*■■.. along all the chill of the snotv. ' it was a morning for pulled-down caps and i..■uo.h,i coats and gloves—a nipping and m eft-.; morning till full !0 o'clock, by w- b we got warm and a little bit puzz !. J; made Ins one and only mistake th n,oiii jng, through getting on a wrong s: ir, We became tangled up in a patch sntf. twisted timber, and won thv< wi'u difficulty. It was the'only bit of "siin' L think, on the whole-bee-line right .■cmss.' a statement which says all that nei ,! : s said for the really first-class bushmans!;;: ■ >.jt leader and guide. Out through the tangle of timbr ft creek ami over a little fiat, and we <>». a glorious country indeed. Roll inc. /■> ; (lower-starred downs mile after n. ■ . | the great llogong rugged, bn • ' , ■ ,-t i craggy to our right, and valleys lil • ■. - j brim with pastoral promise miles;." ] away to the left. Yet all unoccu". tenanted, never sought after by ni of flocks and herds except in those - ■ insatiate summer, when all the low parched and burned, and stock are m . i' tens and hundreds of thousands ^.,; w leases are eagerly sought after ti ■ c. ■ shepherded flocks occupy all the Jan . A\e get on a wild horse track befi re aoo.. which leads generally in our direcre n bowl along in merry style. Hut wbe:e me re wifil homes now? Peering out at us- irem i some distant wooded covert, mavbe. [but never exposing tbemsel.s ",<> our view. Miles away once v.c saw , four; they were camped drowsily c-i a [sunny hillside, and paid no heed to our dis tant. company. There were signs enough. [ however, of their presence and evi k-n-''"- <,i [ skilful huntingand capture in tolerably icocrt days. We came on one very cunningly dc vised trap. The track ran sharp up a spur re j ft long level jilateau. Squarely at th : :-.-oi of j this spur a yard had been built. J,. ^ walls twelve feet high, and gate abou; twelve j feet wide, with wings spread.>u .;nw | to tlie plateau. A big muster vre- or..: | made here. Tlie Monaro men U :t iho I yard and ran out wings each a hah aile in | length, thep spread themselves on a!, he n rounding liills, and swept valleys an r.i ! with running fire of stockwhip's aim : - ■ ws. Tlie wild horses made straight to th • in track, which led direct to the fasti • - - <A the mountains and tlie bush. 'J'he - .r canto on with a well-timed rush p- ' ; across tlie: hilltop, gathering and ge t!. till they were in a semicircle close swiond tlie Ib'ing. squadron. Tearing a! r.g .. . plateau with whoop and shout and b.ij/y i i whips and thunder of hoofs, and ti -m o\\.;v. tlie crest of the hill like a waterfall .o r . precipice, a wild burst through ... jaws, and tlie whole mob secure in il.e t A big haul bvas made on that occas-, i . ui , there was wild work of roping and T h.t many days after. Wild work for W;T men. 1 doubt much if any of the Texan . • ' s would hold their own with our Mor . o- oi, u in a burst across those mountains, o. e: a handling their prey when trappy.. iVjt wilder work oven than the mounted naming was once done here. 'J'he mount.in me.n turned out one winter in snow-she- s. ami surrounded and trapped S00 hors-.-. The poor brutes were utterly powerless aga.r.st their pursuers when once in the dee • ss.-iv : their feet balled, they stunibl d and rolled flown precipices, "they bo-f- i j., the drifts, while round them, like hawks1 about balf-lledged pigeons, swept the hunters ! on their nine-feet shoes. It was a great and wild hunting, another of the little bits of our " monotonous" Australian life which hitherto has missed both illustration and descrip tion. e ride on and on. The plateau is crossed and a long valley entered, down which the wind pipes shrill and cold, through which the diggers have prospected, getting patches here and there. It is a beautiful valley, with a bright stream meandering from 6idc to side, and all the hillsides clothed with buttercups! and daisies, bright in colour as any that grow in the old world, and, as ■ all other llowets of these regions, everlasting. Another hill, another long green plain, anrl all things about us change. \Ye have reached lower levels aucl new formations. The old, drearv, common plucegum,forest is entered, where there are no (lowers and little grass, but the old abundant life of ant atui lizard and snake, and in strange contrast to all surroundings tlie frequent Hash of tlie beautiful parrots' wings as they Hit from tree to tree. And here m oftVliei' da\8 \vc Ihul has boon some con salcrablc digging. The deep bed of a,^reek has been worked, races run along tlife hill sides, sluice-boxes still remain with frag ments of old machinery, and all the old familiar debris of one of Australia's deserted or worked-oufc diggings. For it is all over now; the few little pockets of gold have been worked out, and there was nothing ir. these (litis once the gold itad been obtained to induce folks to remain. Old Kiandra they -calt -it iiow. _At Jv'ew -Kiamlnv—we glial! expectTto touch" clvilfsattoh again. Thfe Kiandra of our desires is ten, fifteen, twenty miles nway. We cannot judge to n trirle. We have rounded j;f«>gonp hoais ago, w£ lia.e ieit Tablelon , 1 tanotii. v j'iib'etopj \v< II w» ou» ' '"'tand-Mye - , | struck imw ria-i v, tu- li v ' " i' crosginy "ii i ii-. 