AMUSEMENTS. theatre: royal. 'MOTHS.' There are some dramas so strong in their character, so marked in their intensity, aud so sustained in their action that they enter upon the domain of tragedy, and for the reasons aoovo suaQOwea may oo ciasseu as uuae&itay.; 'Moths,' performed at the Theatre Eoyal on Wednesday evening to a large and most appreciative house, is _ one of these thril ling creations. It is a drama which men and women of the world irould go to see more than once, fascinated by its con centrated power ; but ic is also one which a man might take hi3 wife to see, but not his daughter. In saying this we do not mean to convey the impression that 'Moths' is either an immoral or even an indelicate play ; nothing of the sort, the dialogue ranks high in literary ment, the situations are strong— too forcible in fact — that is where the unhealthiness comes j?- In fahort it is so highly strung that., like h* losca, which it almost outrivals in its intensity, one's nerves, unless well seasoned, are pretty severely tested by it. As for the moral tone of it there is no more to take exception to in 'Moths' — being as it pro fesses to be, ? and as . Ouida's novels are, a representation of high life, its selfishness, its artiBciality, cruelty, and hollowness — tliaa there is in any of the society dramas or novels accepted and sanctioned by discriminating public. . But as an example of what tho present company, and especially Miss Nethet-sole, can do in high-class drama 'Moths' is a most successful experiment, and stamps the prin cipals as adepts in emotional acting. There was such depth of feeling shown in some of t'io scenes, particularly in the last two acts, that conscientious simulatiou of the deejxjst sensa tions the soul is capable of could go no further. But we will speak of that a little Jater oii: when we deal witli^ the action. We do not reed to say so much' about ' Moths' as we did about ' The Idler,' the latter being an original production by a-- somewhat inventive author, and the former being merely a cleverly dramatized version of one of (Juid;v's charac teristic novels with which literary eccentricity most people who go in for general reading may be takcu to be fairly familiar. In tha drama of ''Moths,' which, by-the-way, is written by Mr. Henry Hamilton, there is a good deal of that high-strung sentiment and word-painting peculiar to Ouida's conceptions, the play wright having made the most of the poetic, style of expression, and done little to reduce the situations to the level of commonplaco episodes according to tho English rules of life. The heroine, Vere Herbert, is what the British dramatist delights to pourtray, a high-souk-d, sympathetic, and sensitive maiden who has given her love, without fear or favour, iu tho direction of her heart's instincts. She has surrendered her young affections to one Raphael de Correze, an opera singer, whoso chief recommendations are a manly spirit, and a good j)ed!ffres. tho latter not always the best stock-in-trade to start the world with. There is a little bit of tho London journal flavour about this — the name, 'Vere Htrbert is enough in itself to suggest that. This unfortunate girl h-5 a mother of loose principles, who looks upon «?cJ8l ljcsition as the uUimi :kul: of life, and coaxes awl coerces the girl into inarryiug a Russian Frince — these Russian Nobles arj becoming the slock-m-lrade of l:;tte-day novelists, and Ouida loves them as dearly as Thomas Mcore loved a Lord. The Muscovite aristocrat turns out as bad a3 they make them, acd tiriug of his lovely, gentle, noble-hearted ?wife neglects her for a French Duchess, wlioai he makts his mistress, and who is his ovil genius. His injured wife he sends as a sort of exile to a lovely snow-bound castle he has in Poland, and his sister, Princess Nndine Nila fiuiue, sc.'s a3 her keeper. Tho-rescners appear in the forni3 a. Lord Jura, and .a very go-a-head sprightly American girl, who of course U married to an English Duke. Lord Juki, who has conceived an affection for the imprisoned wronged young wife, chal lenges the jjerfidious Prince to mortal comb .t and fatally wounds hirn, getting his own quietus at the same tin'o. In a very dramatic and Oi:ida-Vke scene Lord Juna gives up the ghost while joining tin- hands of the woman he iov-id ai:d did not win and De C'orrezi;, who, as ii were, - omes in at the death and takes her off his failing arms. All this, it will be seen, has , Ouida's hall-mark umnlstakably — the people are nearly all so high toned. Ouida's repertoire is so riuh in curled dariingj, clulxs, profligates, and high-born but bad heartpd foreigners. In the first act a bad im tnvssioM was created, the dialogue was so very rapid and Gallic in style, but when Miss iNethersole threw herself into t'io part of Yere Herbert, afterwards Princess Zouroif, with such we'l-discipl?ned energy and developed so much dramatic ' power, the audience became absorbed in her sad direful histp.-y. Hers was a splendid piece of acting right tluongh, and tl-e remarkable ovation cf the home at the finish was richly deserved. Mr. Charles Cartwright (Zouroff) was an cold cnel, and pitiless as the fiendish fellow Scarpia in 'La Tosca,' a character the Rus sian somenhat resembles. Mr. Laurence Cantley, who looks aud makes matUr-rs up very much like Mr. Kyrle Bellew, played Raphael de Correze, the oj-era singer, conscientiously enouph, and Mr. Sass made a manly Lord J uni. Miss 'Williamson was handicapped with' a bad cold, but courageously carried out the inten tion of the author in t'ic unpleasant rule of the Duchess de So-niaz, while Miss Kingsley threw life and laughter into the role of the American heiress iu search of a duke (Miss Fuschia Leach), the only objection beinsr that her twang was too pronounced. Miss Watt Tanner was cast as Princess Nadine, and. Miss Uwynue as Lady YandertU-ckcn. The drsira was staged to jjerfrction, the Prince's pJaets indeed being a most luxurious establishment. Something ought to be done to prevent the objectionable noises raised iu the gallery during the play, one fellow imitating tho barking of a dog, and we Iiojkj the green glare from the footlights will be disj)? used with, as it easts a ghast'y light upon the face;, of the per formers. 'Moths' will be repc-ati-d tonight, and will no doubt draw ou account of its very innnsitv. 