A. LEGEND OF BOHEMIA. BrMoxA Caibd. In the middle ages Bohemia "was a wnd land of mountains and forests, where no one dared to venture out of his house or beyond the walls of his town without carrying anus. In the heart of this romantic country nestled the quiet old town of Eger, the scene of \- Wall eastern's rehellion and of his trencher^" ona murder. The Bgerland is now a wide stretch of fertile plain encircled by a line of blue mountains, a little retired. world where, even to this day the customs of ^an cestors dating far back into history continue • to regulate the lives of the simple inhabits nts. The houses of the peasant farmers are well "built on one immemorial pattern their in . wear the same style of garments nn ' varying even to a button: they sleep in gully painted four post bedsteads, carefully cur-. * tainedTOund, and qua If vast potations of beer out of big tins or earthenware flagons Tlie Egerhtnders stand apart from their neighbors as absolutely as if miles of sea ■ girded their territory instead of a circlet of hills. Once inside this line of enchantment, \- the traveller finds himself half constrained to take life on mediaeval terms, so potent is the old wofhlatmosphertvso strange the charm of the quaint superstitions and chilil-like worship of the people. "Worn out with the worry and toil of con ducting a large business I found myself in the heart of this quaint little land, and I ' blessed, in on illogical fashion—-pardonable in nr exhausted state—the railway which had enabled me to take a dip in an age when steam-engines were still undreamt of. . For seven happy weeks I was a Bohemian \- at heart, a devout Catholic, a worshipper of. lean gimt« 3fany a day as I came to a little lonely shrine^ by the side of some path across the"field«. I have gone down on my Vnpes and wor I'ppjd—I knew n 't what—the sweet virgin in her bine robe edged with gold holding the haelowed infant in her arms. I came to love that mild faced lady,_ and to wish that X could carry her home with me to pray to when the foreign mails came inland— -hut alas - my delicate goddess grew pale at tW. thought, arid I remembered tliat she be longed to the land of Yesterday, and would fade and die if she were transported to the glaring world that Tate had chosen for my dwelling place- I had one favorite shrine which stood at the foot of a hill crowned by alargc churt-h, whose strange Byzantine looting cupola of zinc or copper, painted red could he seen for miles across the plain. 31v «brrue was presided over by a bright blue virgin, whose cerulean eyes had been tinted with the same paint that stained her robe slightly diluted. On the shrine grateful pTWimg . had hung up numerous quaint -tbwulr offerings, for having been preserved from Illness or accident. At the feet of ray I»ady of Azure, when I approached^ on one ' lovelv afternoon, knelt a maiden, with head bent'in prover- I had the impulse to go up \- and kneel beside her. It is impossible to describe the sense of happiness that I felt as I joined in worship with this beautiful Bohemian giri. It seemed to me that then, if never before or after, my prayer must be granted. My fellow-worshiper was the daughter of one of the wealthy peasant pro prietors of the Bgeriand : her handsome cloth dross, with its~ heavy clasps of antique silver—heirlooms centuries old—and the strange head-gear of black stuff revealed her station- She was of large frame, with regu lar features, black eves and a fine carriage of her head." How X blessed the perserver ance with which I had devoted myself to Slavonic languages! It was not difficult to draw the giri into conversation. She was ■fre-ni- and trustful, if a little shy. This cliM. of the middle Ages fascinated mc as much as did her wild, spell-hound little country. It seemed to me that an old dream of mine was realised and that I had been permitted to step out of my own noisy century, and to meet and speak with the generations of the past. Our shrine, my beautiful companion told me, had been raised on this spot five cen turies ago by an ancestor of her own, Baron Zwaptolik one of the great Bohemian nobles, in thanksgiving for the rescue of his ouly danghter from the murderous assault of a robber chieftain, whose powerful band was at that time infesting the district. The girl was sitting, rosary in hand, at the foot of theshriue: I had stretched my ■elf by the hedge-side in luxurious ease. The sun was hot, the breeze soothing: I sank into a strange lethargic state as _ if my "bodv were asleep, while my Imagination be came abnormally vivid. Sty companion was relating to me the story that had been handed down among the owners of the soil from the troubled tiroes of the thirteenth and four teenth centuries, hut such was not precisely my impression. I seemed to he transported backwards, across the great plain of time, and nently landed in the midst of a romance of the Middle Ages. The scene had changed: it was stm the beautiful Egerland ; Eger lay at the end of a four-mile avenue of stately poplars, with its castle and gabled houses in the distance; the church stood above me on the bill top : hut there was now orly a rough trat-V np to the village, and the whole country seemed like a vast forest, it was in fact, a part of the great Her cynian forest — with a few farms and scattered hamlets, and here and tli we a cliurch. By some magic of place and time I had become" a spectator, though not an actor in the drama. This power of knowing all, without the ahuify to act, made me feel at times as if I wore suffering from a terrible nightmare- I do not think that I was able to raise my head or to open my eyes; I seemed to be under a spell similar to that which the wicked Count in the story held over the beau tiful daughter of old Baron Zwaptolik,whose \- vast castle used to stand, surrounded by dense forests, scarcely a mile from the shrine. Drahomira, dark of hair and swift of foot, wiih. her brilliant brown eyes and rich com plexion, was one of the wealthiest heiresses in the kingdom,and her hand had been eagerly Eonght by the sons of the neighboring nobles, -not only for her beauty but for her riches. Among these aspirants was one who had long lured withfaitbful devotion, in spite of the cold and scornful treatment, which either coquetry or aversicn appeared to inspire in ho*. The consolation of the young Count Vladislav was the fact" that IJrahomira be haved to her other suitors in exactly the same manner. She had no wish to leave the home where she was idolized by her indulgent old father, who since her mothers death had lavished all his affections upon their only child. ■" If I married, it would be all gain for , my lonl andall loss for me," she used to say with her brilliant smile ; " I pray yon, good knight, pay yonr court to some unhappy maiden, who" in becoming yonr wife, may roach something "better than her present state since she cannot achieve a worse !* * ■ "Vladislav would watch the self-willed lady moving among the brilliant company, graci ous and smiling, yet ever ready to hold at x distance the most persistent of aspirants. This firmness of character made her sub sequent conduct appear all the more incom prehensible to me, an astounded spectator panting to interfere and to set crooked things straight. The first bint of this change of demeanor occurred about the time of a very strawe event which created astir throughout all Bohemia- One of the daughters of a great s-foneur had.on the very eve of her wedding, disappeared from her boine-and though search had been made far and wide, no trace of her could be found. The expectant bride groom had also vanished. I heard thepeople talking about this incident all around me. and my blood was chilled with the presage of coming evil. "A jealous and disappointed suitor must have carried her off,"1 * said oue. " An enemy of the bridegroom has taken them both away, and is keeping them prisoners," another suggested, and so on ran the surmises- Drahomira, usually so hold and fearless, was white to the lips, and she started if any one spoke suddenly tolier. "Beloved and gracious lady." saidYladi EbiV. "Fear nothing. Xb evil sliuH befall vou whilst I am by vonr ade. Had I hut Ihe right to be always your protector what Unspeakable joy would be mine." At these words, to everybody's dismay, Diabomira swooned XVhen at last she opened her eyes she turned them instinctively towards the great window, and a look of terror came into them which startled' everyone. I followed her gaze, andsaw—yes I am certain that I saw°for less than a second—the face of a. man with dark eyes and hair, staring straight into the room- The next instant the faee had gone, and only the surging forest was to" he seen from the deep-set .window. How I longed to he able to relate what I hid witnessed, but I was tongue-tied,moving among these knights and dames like a ghost, helpless and unnoticed. Drahomira was as full 0f fife as usual during that evening. To meher gaiety seemed wild and feverish ; but then I knew wliat no one else knew in that company. Vladislav looked gloomy. The -Baron's" daughter avoided hiui, and he thought that" she made herself ncedlcsdy aareeiHe to a jackanapes m a crimson doublet, who followed her everywhere. To Vladislav's secret joy, the knight had already drank deep of the wine that was provided for • - all comers, in the great ball. "WhehJ his rival was thus putting "am enemy in. f.2iis~ mouth,*' Vladislav> remained sober' and waichfoL > The tipsy knight ;* cajne1 swaggering into the midst of the ladies, .' snatched Drahomira round the'waist with a noisy laugh,and proposed a moonlight ramble in the forest. Several strong hands were laid on his arm and he was led back to the banqueting .hall, where he continued^ to toast his mistress in the flowing howl tall "he rolled off his seat, still trolling out serenades and drinking songs from the safe level of the floor. ' * Vladislav rejoiced to see several other khiglits depart, discomfited, that evening, when the hours of revelry at length drew to an end, and the few guests, who lived near, rode away in companies laige enough to rerist the hands of marauders that haunted these outlying parts of the great Hercyiiian forest. The rest, who were sufficiently sober went off to their rooms in the castle. Vladislav was too perturbed to sleep. • He sat, looking out upon the moonlit scene, thinking of DraLomira. : "What had caused her sudden terror ? "Would she ever return his devotion? Holy Virgin! Had his thoughts fashioned a semblance of her out of the mists and the dim moonlight? He saw her crossing the open space before the castle, and with her a man in a dark cloak. Count Vladislav swore a great oath, and then he made off in pursuit He could see the two figures, though not their faces, as they stood together in the forest, hut he was careful to conceal himself, that he might not give the man an op portunity to escape. He must know which of Drahomira's suitors had been able to persuade her to this breach of decorum. Could it he he of the red doublet? Had with rage and jealousy, Vladislav's feelings were not soothed when he saw the man throw his arms round the girl, and break into a thousand ; protestations- Tet Vladislav dared not approach; Drahomira would never forgive him if he played the spy 1 She broke -way from her companion ; the lover became contrite, kneeling at her feet. Then his pleading was recommenced, under which Drahomira seemed to he giving way, though sfcrugglingagainst the man's influeuc i as if in terror- She tried several times to escape, but he thrice succeeded in recalling her I He appeared to hare extracted some [ promise and then she left him at a run- 1 Vladislav intercepted her as she fled hack towards the castle " Have you been keeping tryst with the Devil, fair lady r' Drahomira gave a scream and sank hack . against a tree. " I think ' I haver* she I answered wildly. " What do yon mean ? Who is this fel low r" Vladislav demanded in great excite ment. il Don't ask me. I dare not tell you—I nmst obey hun—Vladislav, save me 1" De fore the astonished lover could reply, the girl fled past him, and he saw her no more that night- Her words thrilled him with hope and fear. Onthe following day the castle was set in a ferment by the news that another great heiress had disappeared from her home. The event filled every one, from the Baron to the ' stable boy, with the utmost consternation. j Drahomira avoided all attempts on the part of her lover to speak to her about the inci dent of the previous night; she appeared to have entirely forgotten itand her wild ap peal for help. Yladislav determined to watch her closely and interfere boldly should any more inter views take place in the forest. But he watched in vain ; a week passed without any thing remarkable happening. The advent of a young horseman, the son a Polish noble, and his immediate admission to the castle as guest, had in it nothimr noteworthy, for it was the custom for travellers to receive hos pitality from the great houses as they passed through this wild and robber- haunted conn try. Drahomira had often been called upon to welcome such transient guests, but I shall never forget the look on her face when her father presented her to the newcomer. Her eyes were full of terror as she returned his low salute- Alas! I alone, impotent ghost, knew the cause of that terror- She re cognised the face that had gazed at her that sight through the window. The Polish Count made a lomr stay, and his attentions to Drahomira, were remarked by all, as well as her subdued and nervous man ner whenerer he was present. " It is insufferable tliat she should he won under bur veiy noses by a stranger,** said the rivals. Tins fascinating person left the castle for a few days on a visit to Eger. During his absence another of the mysterious elope ments occurred. The Castle was in a panic. " This is vciy strange J*', exclaimed the Count on his return; "in my country we would not suffer our daughters to be carried off without bringing the offenders to a know ledge of our sword-edges. "We shall be hearing of the disappearance of our fair hostess next I** Drahomira turned deadly white. -Large companies of armed men now went forth daily from the castle in search of the unknown criminals. The Polish Count took the lead, swearing that he would not rest until he had achieved success. Old Baron Zwaptollk evidently thought him a fine fel low. I watched the three persons in whom my interest was concentrated with a feverish anxiety. Drahomira seemed to be in a sort of stupor. Her eyes followed every move ment of the Count, whfle Vladislav sought in vain to induceher to trust him with lier secret. "Whenerer he addressed her, the eyes of the watchful Pole would fall upon her, .and she would become confused and silent. At the end of several days the stranger, with profuse thanks for his hopitable rccepl announced his intention to bring his visit to a close. I breathed more freely. On the eve of his departure, Vladislav, looking out of his window once more, saw to his horror^ the figure of Drahomira disappearing into the shadows of the forest. He rushed out, hut the night was dark, and his footsteps upon a crackling branch | warned those whom he sought to plunge out J of right- Among the shadows of that light. I alone witnessed the strange scene that "was | taking place. Count Knrimir had taken the girl to a lonely spot and he was standing he fore her, holding her hand and looking" fix edly into her eyes. Her gaze was straight and fascinated. " I have won your love, Drahomirahe said, not as a question, hut as an assertion. She bowed lier bead. "And you will be my bride.** Again the head was bowed. An expression. like that i of some wild beast, came into the man's face, j " Our wedding must he soon i ** he said, "and secret- On this day a week hence, | beloved, you will deck yourself in your richest and loveliest array, as beseems a bride of so great a house, and a maid of such sur passing fairness " " Oh! why did I listen to 3*ou ? " the girl moaned. The man gave a grin. " 3Iy beautiful one cannot evade the fond toils of love. On *he day, a week heuee, at an hour after sun down, she will come to her adorer, who will await her at the holy Saint Sebastian, and there the good priest will call the blessing of God upon our union-** Drahomira made the sign of the cross, and the Pole shrank hack with an evil frown- As on the previous occasion, she left him In i great haste. It was in vain that Vladislav j tried to pierce the mystery- Her lips were still resolutely sealed. On the following morning Count Kasimirdeparted, and Vladi- J slay breathed again. But Drahominfs I mood did not change. The week hurried past and the day arrived which the unknown bridegroom had appointed for the wedding. I believe that I moaned or made some some sort of cry, when I saw Drahomira begin to attire herself in her richest robes, twining diamonds in her hair, and pearls around her slivu throat. Her gown, which her mother had worn at her wedding, was em broidered with gems, and had formed part of the lady's splendid dower. Over this magnificence Drahomira threw a large cloak, and stealing down stairs, she fled from her home, hurrying up by the hare steep pathway, iovrarils the church on the hilltop. The light had almost died when she arrived, and the bride could see by the gleam through the windows _ that candles were bnrnii g on the altar. She also noticed that, according to the clock on the tower, she had come nearly twenty miuuies too soon. Had the Holy Virgin taken pity upon" her and : made the hands to loiter? Drahomira stole into the church, "and saw to her surprise two figures stauding before the altar. One of these was Count Karirair and the other a beautiful girl attired in bridal array, adorned like the daughter of Zwap tolik herself, with costly gems. A thrill of horror ran through her ! "Was this another bride of her mysterious . bridegroom ?, He glanced round as if expecting . some one Drahomira, stoopmglow, ran swiftly ft rward and hid herself behind the altar. It was her ouly chance of cscapiug detection. . She thought that lie must hear the violent heat ing of her heart as she lav* crouching in. the skadowa few feet fruia hltn. Presently—it could not have been two minutes , after . ^he !?4,J?,Und ^elter—a s!de door opened stealthily, and then the 60und of footsteps Came aloug the aisle.. £-. „ ;"*i. Here is the priest who will make 11s for evar one, whispered the bridegroom! Scarcely fad he uttered the words ^ when an; awful pqnek ran through/the church, for suddenly three or four ruffians rushed upon the mis eraole girl and struck her doxrn on the very steps of the altar, in 'spite of her wild appeal for hdp^tpthe Tirsrin and ; all the- "blessed seimts. Another stifled shriek echoed it from behind the altar, while the wild • work rof t TE?^-9a under the directions and I wirii theTielp of Count Kasimir, whose cold | oiooded savag-err'exeelled eveh' that of his j accomplices.. -Horrible was the scene that > followed. The beautiful bride lay dead en the floor of the desecrated church, and her robber-bridegroom was gloating over the 1 Ia ^cr i«wela were torn from her, and then the band of assassins dragged away ! me body and flung it into a huge hole which I they had dug in the forest for the ^ reception ' of their numerous victims.' Nearly fainting I *"ith terror,Drahomira found herself left alone j m the silent church", the caudles still burn ing on the alter,awaiting her' own nup tial ceremony. At. all hazards she must escape before the return of the robbers and their temble chief. , This, then, was the secret of the strange disappearances that-had scared all Bohemia 1 , Terror-striken as she was, Diahomira's heart beat high in revenircful passion ; if will and courage could avail, this wicked hand should not see the light of morning ! Brac ing herself for a great effort, she set off on'.J her homeward journey. She glanced: at the I dock, and saw that - in five Tnimtfr.es the | hour of her appointed wedding would have ; struck. In that time, therefore, her i murderer-bridegroom would he there. | Draliomlra set off at a run. -The path down the hillside, and unluckly, it could be seen from a distance. "When about' half the way bad. been traversed,1 .'feeling a horrible sense of paralysed powers, she ven tured to glance back, and a cry of horror I escaped her, for there was her terrible enemy. I rushing down the hill after her I jEEs j accursed influence was asserting itself. She clasped her crucifix: the spell seemed I to relax ; then she gathered together all hcr:j remaining strength and fled down the hill, [ stumbling, recovering herself, . springingJ over hollows, darting round corners ; yet, . in j spite of her wild efforts, the man was gain ing upon her. Horrible and seemingly everlasting were the next • five minutes of agonv. Every breath appeared to tear her to pieces; her heart was ready to burst. Oh, that it might indeed burst before she fell into this ruffian's hands I "Why was there no prccxpiccthat she might have thrown herself orer itr "Wild farewell thoughts flew through her brain of her father and of the faithfufVladislav, whose love she had disdained through the fatal in fluence of this lautlerous devil who pursued J her. He had paralysed the emotions of her I heart as well as the decision of her will. J From what evil witch had he purchased the hateful philter? Still the race went on: still the man slowly gained upon the exhausted girl- At the foot of the hfll, which was a quarter of a mile from the castle, stood a hazel-bush, and I here Drahomira suddenly sank upon her knees and offered a passionate prayer, to the | Margin. Her pursuer gave a shout of triumph, and'at the^same instant, as he strode down the hill, the Hadonna, mild and pitying, appeared in a vision to her kneeling j wor-liipper. 44 Holy Hother, have mercy 1" The murderer was now almost at the foot | of the hill. If the "Virgin had a mind to mercy, it be | hoved her to be swift. The inan, sure of j his victim, slackened his pace, and came up I at a walk. I ; He laid his hand on the rapier that he | : earned In his belt,. looking round cauti ously. 44 Holy Mother of God, must I die un shriven?" '. "Hot so," replied .a voice that sounded to her ears like heavenly music. It was the voice of Vladislav 1 In an in stant the terrified girl had darted to his side, and found that not only her lover, but her father and a goodly company of armed; men had come to seek her. Then suddenly she swayed, and the air grew black. around her. " Ho, I >c>U not faint," she said, groping j for support, ' 44 there is foul and hideous, | murder to be avenged." A few more gasp-:J Ing words from her roused the little troop to I fury. Vladislav had already started in pur- ] suit of the fugitive chief: the rest followed J at a wild gallop. Baron Xtraptolik and Vladislav,both look- ! ing like men distraught, contended for the I honor of killing the murderer. I 44 We must trap the whole hand," said the ! Baron,44 and spear them like rats." 1 ; 44 Or heretics," suggested one of the : cavalcade. _ The murderer, whose only hope of salva- i tion lay in the aid of his comrades, had fled ! like the wind up the hill, thus disclosing their headquarters to his pursuers. He was , just in time to give warning to- the robber ' band, when the B:iroa and his followers fell upon them with shouts and ferocious curses .and although the assassins made a desperate ; resistance, and sent home several of their an tagonists severely wounded, the whole troop wasoverwhehued and executed without mercy, i The rage of the old Barou, as he fought the villains who had planned such a fate for his daughter, was terrible to witness. Vladislav ! and the chieftan had a fierce hand-to-hand : combat, in which sit last the robber was glfti™ j and Vladislav wounded. "When. every man of the brutal band had been put to the sword, search was made for the body of the mur dered bride and lier numerous fellow-victims. These were all found in the trench which the robbers had dug, anil with them the treasures for which tho crimes had been com mitted. . AU Bohemia rang with the tidings. Eor many months Drahomira lav prostrate after the shock of that night's experience,and her state caused great anxiety. Vladislav came and went incessantly. The old Baron had given a. willing consent to his marriage with Draliamira should she herself she favorable to his wishes. 44 Oh ! Vladislav, had 1 only listened to you sooner, and to the voice of my heart, all this might never have happened." Then ' she unfolded to him all that had passed, describ ing.her first meeting with the pretended Count in the forest, his flatteries and respectful gal lantry ; her admiration of him and desire to penetrate the mystery that surrounded him, his request for auotlfer meeting and her fatal consent. After that began liis power over her, which at Last grew so strong that she became helpless in his hands, and was forced to obey him, ask what he might. "When she saw him appear as a guest at the castle, she felt terrified, aud tried in vain to throw off the spell of his power. 44 And to think tliat I was here all the time and could not save you I" Vladislav ex claimed, despairingly. 4£ Oh ! my darling, I feared to offend you, or I should 'have dared more when I saw those' strange meet Ings. But I could not bear that you should regard me as an enemy, or a spy. "Will you let me stand at your side and shield you from danger all your life? Hv love, has been Laid at your feet for many a day 1" Drahoinira's beautiful eves filled with tears. I "Ifyou have not lost patience with' me, Vladislav r" .1 He clasped her in his arms, scarcclv able to speak for jojr. tTwo months" later Drahomira stood once more arrayed in her wedding gown before the blood-stained alt-ay of the church on the hill top. It' was' her wish to be married there, in spite of its horrible associations. 44 I fear at times," she said to Vladislav, 4as if the man's powers—dead though he be —still haunted me ; if I stand with you be fore that altar, I shall fell tliat 1 have defied and then I shall at hist be free." After the wedding the bride and bride-I groom descended the hill, and knelt before the little shrine w2iich the Baron had caused to be erected where the Virgin had appeared to Ids daughter, and at this shriue for the rest of their long and ; happ v life - Vladislav and Drahomiraoff'cred jnauy a. thanksgiving and many a prayer. It is said by the people that even to this day whoso praj's at the shrine of Drahoiiiira, is sure of a blessing from the. ever-pitiful Virgin, and inany arc the pilgrims who visit it. 