The political position in Now South Wales has boon further olncidntecl bj- Jfr. llibbs, who on Wctluosdny last, aftor his unopposed voturn for tho Jfurrumhidgou, addressed his consti tuents nt Wugfc'ii. Ifr. Edmund llnrton ...w imivhuj, ,io „u iiavu nuuu, JJ1VC11 n graphic outlino of tho policy which tho now Government intend to pursuo, nnd Jfr. Uilibs has now nniphliod tho pie- turo, Hlling in somo necessnry dotnils and giving tho wholo n wnrmor colour. Tho Uovorumout of Sir Henry Parkos hnd, Mr, Hibbs thinks, riddou for n fall, nnd in falling hnd bequeathed n henvy burden to thou successors, n burden which, liowovor, thoy us pntrio- tic nion must bonr. Tho Into adminis tration foil on thoir Electoral Bill, hut Mr. Hibbs, while admitting thnt this monsuro was so cut nbout with amend ments that it hnd to bo abandoned, attributes tho resignation of thoCnbinot to tho collnpso of tho liunuces. Tho Into Govormnont, ho snys, resigned, not because of any hostile nttitudo of tlio labour party, but because tho colony hnd buon governed so long on tho frcotrado system thnt that system hnd worked its own ruin. That systom, continued Mr. Dibbs, hnd nearly collapsed, nnd with it tho Into Government. Primarily wo may concludo tho Qovornmont simply foil for tho wnut of monoy. Thoy were bound to n cortnin iiscnl policy, tlio policy of froo-trndc, nud under thnt tlio Treasury lins boon grndunlly omptioil, until nt tho present day it is practically dry. Tho last loan of four nnd n half millions did no more than redeem obligations incurred locnlly nnd moot tho linbilies on n fow cou- f.1'"0!?.1 . lonvi"(f stiU most serious liabilities confronting tho now Govern ment. Under tho oxisting conditions monoy could not well ho raised, nud recent events havo shown how littlo was to ho oxpectcd from tho London monoy lunrkot. Anothor npponl to thnt minrlor from tho Govornmont of Sir llotiry Pnvkos would probubly linvo been recoived with less favour ovon than tho unwolcomo application of Quoonslnud. Eopontod warnings nnd much' pninful oxperionco linvo mndo tho British monoylonder sliv of iuvostlng his enpitnl in nuytliing'but bona ihle works of a roproduetivo chnrnoter, nnd tho kuowlcilgo that Now South AVnles was simply borrow ing monoy nt homo to wipo out lia bilities incurred recklessly nnd with out nuthority from tho pooplo, would go fnr to hardou his honrt ngainst tlio colonies in gonornl. Tho hold ilopnr- turo' tnkon by Mr. Bibbs, nssuredly with tho full eoncurroneo of Jfr. Bur- tou, is tlio best tiling that under tho circumstances coulil havo been done, regarding it merely in tho light of nn expedient. Confiileneo is tho very soul of national prosperity, nnd if wo nssumo thnt tho newly proposed Iiscnl policy of tho mother colony lins for its object only tlio recovery of tlio good opiuion of tlio Loudon tinnnciers, nnd nothing else, wo must admit tlint it is rin-lit nnd nmnnr llnf Itoliinrl thfl purposo of restoring contulonco nud iroviding for tlio pressing needs of tho hour tlioro nro larger nnd more impor tant issues. It is important thnt tho doploted Treasury should ho rotilled, but it is n matter of higher couceru to sccuro thnt its depletion in tho futuro slinllnot bo so ensy of nccouiplisliment. Aud this good purposo will bo served by tho crentiou nnd promotion of thoso industries which nro natural to tho colony. Frcotrndohns failed utterly to rcdodm tho promises of its worship- pore iu Now South "Wales, nud tho pooplo nro beginning to ronliso it Mr. Dibbs enmo forward with a clearly doiincd protcctiro policy, nnd lio nnd nil his colleagues, savo ono, linvo boon roturncd unopposed. This fact sup plies us with indubitiblo ovidouco that, wliatover may bo tho ultimato verdict, tho couutry is disposed to accord Protection a fair trial. Wo might go further, indeed, and say that tlio couutry is eager for tho now policy. Now South Wales, lileo somo other colonies, is n land of unaccom- plished designs, of unfulfilled pro mises, and tho peoplo in gonornl nro beginning to ronliso that tho best resources of tho colony havo only boon played with nud by no moans devel oped. At present, as Sir. Dibbs puts it, every thing excopt hoof aud mutton can bo imported at a cheaper rate than it could bo pro duced locally, but if ouly on tho ground tlint tlio peoplo cannot all bo shepherds nnd grnziors, tlio argumonta ngninst frootrndo nro overwhelming. "Under tho fostering enro of Protection, articles which cannot at tho prosont time bo manufactured locally with nt n prico thnt will compnro favour ably with foreign rates. If Air. Dibbs rocoives in Pnrlimuont n mensuro of support corresponding to tlint which wo may nssumo to bo popular approval, Now South Wales will ou- joy a prosperity to which alio has for years boou a stmngor. Fedoration iu tho hands of tho now Govornmont is porfcctly finfo, iu tho bost sonso of tlio torni. Mr. Hnrton is pledged to bring tho subject boforo Parliament, but no undue force is to bo exercised. Tho Pill will not bo made n party question ; mcmbors will bo asked to debate it nnd ninoud it as thoy may think fit, nnd tho monsuro so amouded will.bo submitted to a second Convention for furthor consideration. This moans practically thnt tho Commonwealth ghost has boon laid, and wo shall hoar vory littlo moro nbout it except in tho form of tradition. Whon Federation becomes a necessity wo shall speedily obtain it ; till thou it is best to lenvo it nlouo. Mr. Dibbs is evidently of this opinion, nnd Air. Bnrtou, though it may cost him a pang or two to own it, must bo of tho sarno opinion. Tho now Governincut is snfo for somo timo, nud in thoir kooping thoro is safoty also for Protection nud Fedoration. 