HENDRA BAPTIST CHURCH. OPENING SERVICES. The" new Baptist Church at Hendra, the erection of which was completed last week, was for the first time occupied as a placebo! public worship yesterday morning, when the Rev. W. Whale conducted the services and preached an earnest and appropriate opening sermon. The new building, although not a costly, nor in appearance elegant, structure, is nevertheless a great architectural'improvement upon the very much less imposing edifice which it has replaced, and which will now be devoted to the purposes of a Sunday school. The history of the Hendra Church is an interesting one, going back, to its foundation in the early days of the colony, when Nundah, or German Station as it was called until quite recently, was a missionary settlement. In those days, upwards of thirty years ago, the necessity of having a place in which the people of the district could meet for worship on the Lord's Day was felt, and by the aid of public subscriptions a small building was provided, and in it services were first held in connection with the Wesleyans. Subsequently, however, it was handed over to the Baptists, there being upon it at the time a debt of £100, which was liquidated by Mr. R. A. Kingsford. Services were for a time conducted by the Rev. W. Moore, the late Messrs. Grimes and Spence, sen., Mr. R. A. Kingsford, and Mr. W. Bell, but eventually the building was removed to its present site on account of many of the old residents of German Station among them Messrs. Gerler, Zillman, Franz, and Bell-having removed to the suburb now known as Hendra. This was in 1874, and since that time, or until about two years ago, the pulpit was occupied by lay preachers, with occasional visits from the city missionary, and the pastor of the Wharf-street Baptist Church. With the rapid growth of the suburbs of Hendra and Clayfield, however, it was thought necessary to appoint a permanent pastor, and in March of last year, the Rev. A. G. Weller, who was then in Gympie, received and accepted a call. Since he took charge of the parish Mr. Weller has, by his untiring labours and the great interest which he has evinced in the moral and spiritual well-being of his people, endeared himself to all classes of the community, and it is to him as the initiator of the movement, seconded and supported by the co-operation of an energetic Church Committee, that the credit of the erection of , the new church is due. The building, the plans and specifications for which were prepared gratuitously by Mr. A. Robertson, who also supervised the work, was constructed by Mr. James Lancaster at a cost of £873, and the work has been carried out in a most complete and faithful manner. The new church is built of wood in the style which is known as Pointed Gothic, and the plan forms the letter T the shaft being the body of the church, the intersection the platform, and the arms the vestries. The interior of the building is very neatly finished. The pulpit, which is on a raised platform, stands behind an iron railing, and is just beneath an arch, behind which again is a triple light window, with coloured glass. The ceiling, which is dome-shaped, is supported on cedar brackets on each side, about 18in. apart, and is pierced for ventilation. There are five windows on each side of the building, and two on either side of the porch at the main entrance. As previously stated, the cost of the building was £873, but of this the fund has ardent balance of over £600, and it will no doubt be some time before this liability is disposed of Still the large and increasing population of the district warranted the substitution of the new church for, the old; and, having thus far attained their object, the oommifMFare notalrikbly to rest çoniehted~untavthey31haW'bala,noBa the account. Mr K ' v u" rosy,' At the opening service yesterday morning the church, which has seating accommodation for 800 persons, was filled to overflowing, and the Building Fund received the benefit of a hand- some collection. The hymns and lessons were specially chosen for the occasion, each having some reference to the opening of a house of prayer and worship, and the text selected by Mr. Whale for his discourse was that to be found in the words of the thirty-first verse of the fourth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, "And when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness." The rev. gentleman began by congratulating the people of the neighbourhood upon the appointment of such an excellent and commodious place of worship. For. about twenty-two years, he said, a mission had been carried on there and thereabouts, for he found that in the year 1860" the' mission was referred'WMri ''EihêjIyW-'b'obk as having- been initiated in Har that after twpntyrtwaiyeaváfib&yi.werQ; entering upon a new phase of the good work. The watchword of the present time was "Forward, and religious movements were keeping pace with the times. But he wished his bearers to remember that commodious and richly Furnished buildings were not essential to divine worship, and that so long as they worshipped God in spirit, it mattered not whether they were in a tabernacle or a bark humpy. As a building, a place of worship was no more sacred than a tradesman's workshop, for the man who did not worship God in his workshop would not be likely to worship Him there. But when they spoke of the church as the House of God they spoke of it as a place not to the exclusion of any other, but where people who were scattered during the week could meet together on the Sabbath and join in divine worship. If these buildings were not essential to divine worship they were convenient and useful, and just as the people who came to these colonies in the early days and lived in huts were now the possessors of splendid residences, so those who worship in small churches were now able to meet together in more commodious and imposing buildings. He trusted that the new church would be well attended, and that the ministrations of its pastor might be abundantly blessed. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Young, when there was again a large attendance. On Tuesday (to-morrow) evening a tea and public meeting will be held,' the proceeds of which will be devoted in aid of the Building Fund. . -* ' , 