fsow Fsrsr ruLrsOsuE.] The Verdict Was-? A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND By l.aerolc 2.. faclcenzie, Atuthor of "The ,juatter's Daughter." \---+++- CHAPTER L A WAKEFUL SIGHT. The sun had sunk to rest hours ago, !ending peace and calmness to the scene. Although the hands of the clock on the mantel-shelf pointed to the small hours, little or no sleep as yet had come to the eyes of Sybil Prescott. The room was furnished in that light and airy style so often seen in tropical climaths. On the floor, which once had boasted of varnish but now dulled by long uage and fierce noon-day suns, were scattered rugs of 'opossum and wallaby. In the centre of the apartment stood a large bed, so situated as to catch every particle of breeze which on this-calm and sultry night was wafted through the roomn in scarce sufficient force to have extinguished a lucifer. Under the canopy of a mosquito cur tain, despite the careful hunt of a black attendant to rid Sybil of his tormentors, inzzed and pinged as murderous a set of demons as Queensland can boast. Lying thus with nswand then a violent dart at a more than usually audacious member of the tribe, which invariably ended in missing the fair one (for we are told that it is only the female that bites) she would soar merrily upwards, s?erenading as she flew to prepare for a fresh onset. M .nquitoes are had enough atall times, but when to this is added a mind o'erwrought with thoughts distracting try to banish them as one may-surely the copof woe is filled to its utmost. This was Sybil's case, when for the hundredth time he tossed and turned on his weary pillows with the ever ominous hunt of mosquitoes ringing in his oars. " Cnolund the thing ! I can stand it no longer!" he exclaimed, dashing the curtains aside and reaching out for a c:-arette. Having lit the consoling roll of rice paper and tobacco, he thrust his feet into a capacious pair of Chinese slippers and sauntered on to the verandah. Here comfortably ensconced in a long, cane. lounge he seemed- more at ease as he watched the blue rings of smoke curling upwards in the air. The stars were out in great clusters of diamonda; shiuing with that intense brilliancy and purity which alone can be vi.-wed in hot latitudes. Never had the pufting of the fragrant weed seemed to bring such consolation to Sybil. His rimtd was sore troubled and needed some thing whereby relief, if only temporary, t:i._ht le afforded, and this he was seek inu from the goddess Nicotine. And has she not done much to soothe the aching brain of man? Have we not heard of cases where brave men, though death were nigh, and each moment might prove the last, calmly awaiting it with pipe in mouth? Whilst Sybil- is contemplating the .lavens it will be a favorable oppor tunity to inquire what has brought him to this rising colony of Northern Aus. tralia. That he was not an Australian by birth woald have almost convinced an observer at first glance. .His leeks. manner and ter?ything else connected with him had an unmuistakable English appearance, and surrounded as he was on the planta tion with a varied assortmentof humanity, inlc!uding South Sea Island savages, Malays, and the roughest species of the Queensland back-woodsman, who differs but little from the rest, ex:ept that his s;tin aiav be a few degrees less swarthy, mase him stand out conspicuously in their midst. Syiil had been reared at one of the ccWI old English public schools, and not \- ".rea many years from the time of the r?eaer's introduction he was distinguish i::- him-elf more, perhlaps, in the cri,:ct ar.d football fields than in the pursuit of t;re k Iambicsor Latin Prose. Tii result,.whatever el c it might has-o .it:. had he shone in the latter respect, w.e thiat most desirable of all qualities, a sour.d mind in a scund bhedy. To edu c=te the muld at tho expen.e of the ~=c -e bad at all times, but to e: pond a sufficiency or ftree on both itn order to attain a )i7.' s r- an is corpleor'erno is what every right tiinikinig p Lt son should desire. The muscular training which Sylil had undergone in his youth had given to his body that flexibility and energetic lmove ment enabling himnl to undergo long days of fatigue under ~st suns whichll to a less hardened phvsiqiri;night have told sorely upon him. Having quitted school, he passed two or three years under the guidance of soveral "arLoy-crailnlera," who failed to drive' the'requirid duhjects into his head in order to qualify hinm for commission in the service. Whether it was that Sybil's skull' was thicker than the general- run of young men's, or that the cramming system was not 1ad ministered in proper form, is a problem still requiring solution. Thile sporting parson with whom he had last taken ulip hlis residence was chiefly remarkable, for a knowledgi of horseflesh more than any other subject. Sybil would often hold long adiscussions with him on the points of a new equine purchase to .the exclusion of all such tiring arguments as to whether or no any two sides of a triangle are together greater than the third. And so thie time passed pleasantly enough in the quaint old Sussex village, which in the small hours of the morning would often ring with the shouts of the obstreperous young bloods, awaking from their slumbers the hoary-headed parishoners who brought down on the worthy rector's head anything but bles sings. .When Sybil had appeared for. the fourth time tit Burlington House before that: array- of -grim-visaged examiners which have made many a'daring young soldier quake in his shoes at the thoughts of being "plucked," he know within his own mind that the papers sent in were not up to thesmark. He was right in his conjectures, and once more was hopelessly spun. "It's no use, sir," were the words to his father ater this, his final attempt; "I'll have to clhuck it up-and go out to Australia." This sudden determination in order, as it were, to seek some consolation for hav ing failed to become a defender of his country met with but scant. approval from Colonel Prescott. He was -indig nant and displeased to tink that his only son could not. hs:ave fid.lowed in the footsteps which he l)himself had won so much favor in. "Go to Australia. if you've set your heart upon doing so," lie had said ; " but, remember, this is the last thing I could have wished. I had hoped that before my death to have seen you winning honor in something more noble than perhaps driv ing a team of bullocks. However, when a man has been given a receptacle for brains it can only be regretted that the -necessary article was not supplied. Colonel Prescott was brus?ge in man nor, and at times when his reason was governed by passion a very dangerous person to encounter. In a mood irritable and displeased with things in general, chiefly on account of his son's failure for the army, he had bidden Sybil farewell on his journey to Queensland. With this brief outline of Sybil's former life, once more we return to the verandah from which lie looked on the silvery night. The scene was beautiful indeed. A night upon which it seemed that day light had been prolonged, so clear and so bright was it. The house looked down upon the long sloping banks of garden which reached to the water's'ddge, where flashed and sparkled under the moon's white beams the sluggish river. The house itself was of that delight fully rambling character peculiar- to houses wherein the owner, deeming that internal comfort is preferable to external show, had illustrated his good sense. The rooms it contained were allspacious and airy, which opened out by means of French lights on to a broad verandah running the whole length of the house. Bath- rooms, perhaps the most necessary of all, were made quite a study of in this edifice with their showers, plunges, and cool lounges for reclining in after the ablutions. Close beside and convenient for supply ing the inmates with an abundancy of water rana clear mountain stream, which even in the hottest weather felt cool and refreshing ;o the body. Who that has ever passed weary days where the skin seems parched and shrivelled' for the want of tone does not know what this bath in a land of a fierce sun means ? It is the very elixir, the restoration of all relaxed energy once more to its normal sphere. To say that one's breakfast in the land where sugar grows would not readily be forgone in favorof abath is not an exaggeration. Sybil's room faced the south, which was the best situation for getting the benefit of the much longed-for sea-breeze which generally sprang up after sun down; and then with what sweet- smelling aromatic perfumes would the air be laden, exhaled from stepnanotis and magnolia which grew abundantly in the garden. Then, ghost-like in their mournful rustling noise, with-white feathery tops shooting upwards straight as arrows against the deep blue sky, would wave and bend with every sigh of the wind the bamboo canes which lined the river bank. On the opposite side by day, stretching league upon league through trackless jungle as yet undisturbed by the hand of man, the eye could roam at wrill over foilage from the darkest olive green to the clearest emerald-changing, too, with as many varying tinta as the small lizards which were there in thousands, b.sking in a noon-day sun. At night-fall would gleain and cast its glow hieavinwards the camp fire of the untutored Queensland ravage whocrouch ihlg like some demon, from the nethler world with shrunklen limbs and unkemnpt locks made the only sorry spectacle in an otherwise perfect landscape. In strange contrast to all this wild uncultivated land was the appearance of the Itappoo Plantation, where unceaonsing toil by busy hands from early morn till the sun had set was carried on. The well-kept fields of sugar-cane, with its arrowing tops denoting that it was ready and over-ripe for cruslinis. The un ceasing whirr of machinery in the giiant mill as it ground and crushed thlrough the sunny day the long luosious cancs into a pulpy mass, extracting all the thick creamy juice iwhichl r:an in sluggillh streams filor tihe ro llers. Tie dusky South es::t savages, iitllh grinnine" faces. knee-reeu in ti' omocminse leeks 0h,,t'ljij,' out th ie thick inola? o a. All this sl,,ke oi esterp'''.is, anld iactivity on the part cf thile wcn:lrs, wl:o lived i fa r-aw,?.v 3elbou.llls Sybil. Ihad closen to ln:5 n his h1s ,lme here with a view some day . ol mn:!,in? thse e t.'ato eahichl lire -c1lW ii trs'l' itl. Hie wasI youl'g tlot soee t! :l twenty-sive ya'rs of "s'-. his esoa. applcsanl'e-ws t5k,'0 , th,,;+ . strict sense of the term he :, , * hand some. 1is good-natured smile, wlhich was ever ready to part his lips, and clear, dark colored eyes established confidence in him at once. conscquenlly with but few exceptions lihe was a great favorite on the ulal'ntion. "He's got the whip heand of nmiI, has ho 1" lie mutered to himself, as risi-n from the lounge he teased away the fourth cigarette end and paced the verandah as one troubled. lie was repeating to himcself suome words of Maurice Liscomnbo's, manager of Rap poe, spoken to him thalt day. That any body should- have dared to try and exercise a power of this kind, nay, more, a throat held out to him, in order that lie should appear craven in the eyes of others, was smore than he could stand. lie feared no one, and, least of all, his con science, which was clear and free from the awful charge which hie knew Lise combo intended bringing against hint should lie not at onco hush it up with large sums of money. " Let him do his worst; Iam prepared. There must be an end sooner or later to this." I-Io was standing at- the farther end of the verandah speaking to himself and so absorhed with his own thoughts that the footsteps approaching 'were unheeded. Suddenly, as if by instinct, he turned quietly on his heel and confronted Maurice Liscombo. For a second neither spoke, but stood grzing at each other, with the pale moon beams playing on their couitenances. At length, Manurico Liscombe, a man short of stature,'with a coarse-looking face and an exliression that was not wont to inepire confidence, brcro the silence. .So;:-Mr. vPrescott, you choose three o'clock in the morning for taking exercise besides awakening people from thelrsleep. To this Sybil made no reply, fearing possibly that had lihe given his tongue roin something more than a mere bandy ing of words might Ilave resulted. Turn ing his back ons the manager, he calmly puffted away at his cigarette. "Alh i" exclaimed Liscombe, " so you still intend to ignore ime? So be it. Re. member the conditions upon which I have based imy proposal this afternoon, and unless you comply with them you know the consequences. A month from this date, and unless they are agreed- to, you shall be known to the world as the mur derer of Gerald Dugdale.' - For an instant the desire to strike this man, as he. would a dog, came over him, but as suddenly restrained himself and gazing fearlessly on Liscombe uttered in words both calm and clear: "That God should hlive deemed it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours is beyond comprehension. This threat which you hold out to ome, thinking that by so doing you can extort money, does not frighten me. I-say, do your worst. Now I have finished. Words with you are useless." . Before the manager had time to make reply Sybil had vanished, leaving him to his own reflections. In another hour or two the great hot sun had risen, loudly welcomed by shrill-tongued birds of brilliant colors, the low croaking sounds of reptiles which came from their 'retreats to bask in its genial rays, and all the thousand noises which are ever present in' this steamy sugar land. The month was July, and cool enough compared to blazing Decem her, which, indeed, is a veritable vapor. bath in Queensalnd. Tihe morning-bell hsadsounded, awaken. ing the hands from their slumbers to begin another day of toil. and weariness under a vertical sun. Such i hot sun, the like of which is scarcely realizable by those who have not stood for hours under its scorching rays within the .dense cane brake whither no breeze to refresh the body finds its way. Foi hours toil the coolies, ridding the ground of noxious weeds which seem to grow in a night in this natural forcing-house. - - Then afar off. are seen the patient plough horses tramping through yielding soil heavy:and'irksome after.,the. late rains, in order to prepare the ground for next year's crop. Slowly and with mea sured tread, groaning -and tugging at their chains, are seen teams of bullocks, dragging behind them mountain loads of firewood to feed thesever- ready jaws of the huge furnaces, whilst the, stalwart driver walks slowly beside them with many a curse on their heads and many a cut from his double- thonged whip when they shirk the slightest. The mill grinds on "withorit cessation until the crop is off. No sooner are the day toilors released than a gang for night work succeeds them. - The huge rollers are silent for a time and give way to the whirling centrifugals and vacuum pan bubbling and dancing with the saccharine matter which is -to be converted into sugar. It is all life and energy, the work of a sugar plantation. Races from all countries mingle to gether. -he shrewd Scotch engineer, who has charge of the maclhinery; the i heathen Chinaman, who wields an axe to t prepare fresh sugar land by felling the u jungle; the treacherous Malay," who skulks and would like to run a knife l through anyone who offends his dignity s were it not that the laws of Queensland s are not those of his own peninsula and lie fears thIe consequences. Then come all the overseers, rouse-abouts, mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading steamers withll tihe precious bags of sugar that will crenually fied their way to the Melbourne and Syiuey mar kets, others carting " snlegass" to thie mill furnaces awhichl has been drying under Sthe sun for days past. Duasky and well-proportioned women with babes slung at their backs move about arrayed int cheap, bright garments purchased at a neighboring store, load Iing drays with fuel. For the women of the South Seas know hard work equally with tihe men weeding and stripping the cane, laughling with tlhe bright sunshine playing on their pearly teeth, whichl might cause a sighl of envy from many a less favored wontmn of fairer hue, and over all the brilliant sunrays gleamiig on whitered reoofs and throwilg slhadows across tile purplle-hucd mountailis which frown like mighty fortressets that have been scorched and wind-swept for cen turies past. - CHAPTER II. MAUnIICE LISCOrIDE's DELIRtIUs. The words which had beesn ittered the previous evening by Maurice Liscomibe still rang in Sylil's ears thlrougholut the ;bolu of tlhe next live-lobng day, as thougit a hio iron had been seared acrosta hi-s bra;n. Usually joyous when em phay.. in Iis day"? wsrk, oinging ;ond ?.iWh?-henited ns the veriest ?sc.ol-b.- re le:ed fri m his s dilede, hie was on the mrni? ? ue r t hiv nisht of mintsl Itr ' i iiail an 1 'b-t i50 :ui er. Ihe da- ii asin u.ustally I'sy -i-e. wi.- o.;.'u:,] .':.ys withi a cracsk;inig. noise, slowly but surely extracting every I particle of juice from the long, sweet i sticks. The line of drays crawling at funeral pace, driven by Kanakae, pulled I up, each in turn, to receivo a load of 1 " megass," thence to be carted away and Spreadl out in the sun, where, as children e in other countries might play in the hay. lolds, so would the little black savages- 1 the offspring of Kanaka women-delight in rolling and tossing it in each other's faces. In the for distance glimmered and shone with almost supernatural brilliancy the mighty mountains, on which could be traced tumbling water-falls,sparkling and dancing like millions of crystals under the vigorous sunrays. The scene was all color, life and move tuent. Sybil of an evening would delight to join in a friendly game of cards with the overseers, where his cheery mainner and good-natured banter would always find a ready welcome. After the day's work succeeding that of his midnight interview with Liscombe, he was in no ready frame of mind for tihe light-hearted throng which was awaiting his corning at the barracks. lie merely stopped as he rode homewards for a short half hour to tell them that lihe would not put in an appearance that evening. " Why, what's up, old boy, with you?" queried Fred Roycroft, a bright, good looking young fellow, employed on the place as storekeeper. "Yes," added Alex Sugden, "you look as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up a half-penny." " She's thrown him over," said Arthur Richards in a playful tone. At any other time Sybil would have had quick repartee at his command to parry these thrusts with, but this even ing he was dtstrait, and found but little to amuse him. The snciety of his fellow-creatures for once proved irk some. Have we not all felt so at times? When some cloud lowers over Ithe sun shine of our path, would we not wish to be away, far away and alone to think it over and try if possible of -finding some way out of our trouble ? " Well, htro we are, boys," said Roy croft, placing glasses on the table with a whisky bottle beside them. "Let us chaso away dull care.and make our old friend smile again. Never shall I forget him shosting to me the evening that alligator was behind me ini the river. If ever a masi swam for his life I did on that occasion." - "By George, yes I" said Sugden, "you had a narrow squeak that time, and can thank Prescott for being alive now." Sybil, who was loaning over the table licking the dust from his: boots, poo poohed the idea as was his wontwhen any special act of his doing was brought for ward. "Nonsense, boys," lihe answered; "it was all due to Rovcroft's swimming. Cer tainly, I drew his attention to .the alli gator, and can truly say tshe cut to land like a torpedo boat." "' Gi'e me some whisky, and hang the cursed crocodiles," bawled Richards, liholding his glass at arm's length, "1'll take good care they don't get sme for a meal." Talk flowed on in this fashion, waxing louder as the gleasses were drained, when one of them suddenly exclaimed : "Who the devil can this be galloping for his life ?" at the same time looking in the direction from whenco the sound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing on the still calm air of sunset. ' Well,'Jim, what's wrong :rith you.?" shouted Roycroft, as Siigleton pulled his mare up in fr.tr t of the house a few seconds later. S"IMatter I*Nothing much with mile. The boss though'a come to grief.' On the road; home lie got slang off, and sprained ai ankle: He's as tight as they make'ein.: ie told me to ride like blazes for a bandage,'aiid I'm here accord ingly." - ' ' i The (uartette listened:iit silence to Singleton's account of the b accident, though it could hardly be said: that any one of them showed the slightest sign of pity.for Maurice Liscombe. "Curse him !" was all Richards mut teredwhilst pacing the verandah. "Now look sharp with the bandages I" said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and riding onwards to the sttre. Soon all the necessary articles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Single ton to the house where Sybil resided with Maurice Liecombe, a distance of less than Shalf a mile from the barracks. As they rode along the river bank, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between their respective animals, which is the delight of all young colonists when they can get asn opportunity of showing what mettle their steeds are made of. On entering the house they found tihe manager of Rappoo stretched at length on the sofa, with wild eyes staring into space, and lnow and then ar, effort to articulate something which was perfectly unintelligible to them. "A knife at once," said Roycroft to Singleton, who set himself up as an I authority whenever anything in the I doctoring liae cropped up. " I must cut that boot off, first tlsing." So, suiting the action to the word, he Srippud thie seams to pieces, which at once coaustd relief. Liseombe, then sinking back, w;as soon wrapped in heavy sleep. To give Roycroft his due, althloughl far from laving any great knowledge or skill I as a surgeon, hle was lwhat might lhaves a been termed a handy man wlhen occasion Sdemanided. Ho could bind or stitch Swoundo, could prepare and put on a E poultice with all the skill of a profes sissnal nurse, atd, on more than one oc Scasion had been known to extract teeth, tthough hlow mIuch unnecessary pain he i had inflicted he was not prepared to say. "Seemsi a nasty wrench, and likely to I lay him up for a timie," said Roycroft, as Slie batlhed the ankle with ammonia and The two were standing on either side of i the mansager, who lay as one inanimate, \- save for the labored breathing and con vulsive twitching of his lips, caused by heavy drinkinig. " That beast can never go to the town oship without coming back tight. Some night he'll get his neck troke, and it wonr't be nmuch leoss cither. I klollO one SImant on the place as wouldn't mind seeing him toes up." Tihese remarks were uttered by Singlo Sten, rwho was cxpresive in hIis phrase Sology, if not ihaving due regard for Quen''s English. '" Whols that?" queried Roycroft, wind isg yard ,i peo yards of soft linen round ithie swollen inkle. " Now, then, can't you guess, instead of ,yini' ti play the goat ? You know jMlly wcll the man I mean." 2- Rc'ov ft often assumed this kind ot i b si:g w hai o se might Ihave tellned rathller a safe customer, as regards not saying too much. as " Well, if you want to know, Prescott's tl the man I'm referring to. Lord I to hear if him cursing the boss this morning was I enough to have frightened the devil him- im self. There must ha' been some jolly oi row on last night, for I never in all my b, bo n days-" Before Singleton had finished, Maurice Io Liscombo opened his eyes, though what al was taking place lie seemnted scarcely to be al aware of. His eyes rolled wildyfrom one bi to the other. His arms were thrown over his head, clutching at the cushions upon ii which he lav. For a moment all was ti silent. In another instant a low, chuck- s ling demonincial laugh broke from Lis- ii combo himself: SI " Escape me, can he ? Never !" The tone of his voice was unnatural T and unlike that ever heard before by at those watching beside him. g, It was clearly discernible that lie was i wandering in his mind from the dis- ni jointed nature of his remarks: p " As true as my name's Liscombe- saw ni whole affair plain as-call it murder of Ii course I do-that fellow Prescott--roon shining full-sea calm--'ll have money ir Having relieved himself of so much, hlie shut his eyes once more and slumbered. ct " What on earth is the old fool driving ci at?" exclaimed Singleton. "Prescott mixed up with full moons and murder. It si strikes nm the moon's had a go at him by h his talk. Perhaps Pl'rescott'll be able to 1i tell us all about it." p "Take my advice," said Roycroft, p "and keep whatyou'veo heard toyourself. tl It might cause trouble." el "Perhaps your right," said Singleton, "though I've always heard say that w when a man's sullrfring from delirium its not right to attach too much importance k to what he says. Now taking my own III case, for example, when I was laid up cc with rheumatic fever, I took all sorts of c: odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, who's the best woman onl earth, came in I for a-share of cursing occasionally. It li strikes moi, however, in this case that there's something amiss between the boss ti and Prescott. I've noticed 'em for some b time bacl not hitting it off quite pro per." :*a " Yes," said Roycreft, " that hias been pretty evident to all of us, and no wonder a either. A better chap never trod this a earth than Prescott. I've never known ti him guilty of a mean action yet. A t, gentleman in every sense of the tesm, which is nmore than can be said of him," it pointing to the manager. " Why, the a way Prescott is spoken to sometimes, it's a a wonder to me that he hasn't broken every bone in his body before this." o "Good Lord I do you think for a mo ment that Prescott would take such as mean advantage as to strike this flabby thing hero," said Singleton, throwing a look of contempt on the sleeping form. "No, he's not built that way. Give him S a man of his own size and weight, and then there would be something to talk p about; I'll back Prescott any day for a fiver."-, Tile evening was now wearing on. c Without all was still and peaceful, save t for the the cry of birds which piped merrily all through the night, as some are v wont to do in this hot land. Or again might be heard the piteous wail of wild f dogs, serenading the bright moon in some 11 deep recess of the thick. jungle, a whine v so piteous and uncanny as to make those who hear it for the first time imagine it I from the regions where torments may exist. S What nights are these of the tropics, I where the deep vault of Heaven is studded with countless millions of briglt ii worlds? :'Do theyneot speak to • us" of sosmsething tliat- we niay hope for. in-that s unveiled future whither all,?-wo believe, are trending; something of peace, some thing of rest and repose from all the busy toil and vexation of spirit, which is the general lot of mankind on earth? Yes, such are the dreamy, calm, ethereal nights of these lands where Great Sol in running his daily course beats down upon v the earth so fiercely. t Beside such nights as these, what com- t parison can be drawn with thosd of tem- s perate latitudes lwhere the stars shine but f feebly, where fogs drift up from cold v morasscs, and where the sun looks sick s so often throughl banks of dull-hned c clouds? One is all life, color and gaiety ; the other sombre, dull and sad. The c -hirds in their rich plumage darting across c the junglo path, the lizards timidly gaz ing from their bower of fern and rich, I moist grasses, the troops of dazzling a butterflies, the emerald colored snakes a gliding noiselessly through the under- e growth, all seen to be endowed with I greater vitality in lands where spices a grow, and, alas! whore Europeans sicken and die. Over all this wealth of color, this c abundance of Nature's greatest gifts, ( when but to be able to be proof against a malarial fever, would mean only to live f in order to enjoy, cones the warning note a of death. Tie ride, perhaps when the I sun has set, floundering girth deep on t your trusted steed through stagnant i water, are then exhaled from its noxious depths where infusoritl life is teeming I the dreaded malarial gases. This sickness, deadly in its purpose, e strikes down strong and weak. Men who have endured thie hardships of campaign, I men who lhave travelled many weary leagues in the saddle without food for days would gladly experience tlhem all again rather than tight the common I etemy of the tropics, whichl racks them both in mind and btdy as snothing else t can. Lying for weeks together, with I every bone, as it were, being hainmmered Sby miallts, by sprays of ice-cold water I lcoursing down the spine, as soon to be followed by scorching irons, as it were, tearing the flesh astitder, are some of the feelings of this tropical fever. Sybil had as yet escaped all sickness, as most do whoso rich English blood is I not made thin until a summer or two has t passed. With his fine physique and well trained minscles he could defy almnost any thing in thie shape of bodily ailments, and t would laugh when any one complained of I heandaches, so much the rule with all about I him. "Well," said Singleton, breaking a somewhat prolonged silence, "do you: think you'll want me any longer, 'cos0, if I you don't, I think I'11 be getting back to the missis." Singleton was a married man, and al ways spoke of his better half as the I missis. A kinder husband never breathed S than this asomewhat rough-and-ready stockman, who took a pride in seeing I everything around his small home as I neat and natty as hands could makeo it. i Its well-kept garden, in which he would work after the day had finished. Theil snug little parlor, with its suite of fresh, I bright-colored chintz and favorite books Sand photographs. Its tall and cool-look. I ing ferns, shading the verandah, theo pride and joy of his wife. These all told Sof kind and loving hands which, in others, might have been left to languish satd decay. . . "Only one thing more, Singleton,' said Roycroft. " When you're passing the barracks, see if Prescott is there, and if so, tell him to come as soon as he can. I want to arrange about the boss. He must have some olne by him all night. In one of his momenel of frenzy he might I become troublesome." "IRigiht, old boy. There's my little beauty outside pulling on her bridle as if I she saw a thousand ghosts, so I'll be off at once. Good-night! and keep the old becgar quiet." In another second he had swung lightly into the saddle nod was cantering through tihe inoonlight with many a leap frotn the young imare, who seemed to have aln idea that shadows of trees and stumps were treacherous wafer-jumps. Roycroft and the manager were alone. Tine room they were in was long and airy, and, as the sea-breeze came in gentle gusts, it made music in the glass chande lier above. I- t!-e garden, flying-foxes amidst the cocoa ?nt and banauna trees played hlido-and-seek; the crickets chirped nod bats flew in and out, attracted by the light. All creatures of night-time were hold. ing high festival. Presently a deep groan came from :Maurice Liscombe, which startled Roy. croft somewhat, who was enjoying a cigarette in an armn-chair. In another instant he had risen in a sitting posture, but seemed to take no heed of Iloyeroft's presence. His eyes had a fixed bleary look, and wore an ex pression of pain as he drew from his pocket a sealed letter and as quickly thrust it back again, fearing lest any one should see it. That lie was suffering froth delirium was evident. " Poor Dugdalo ! Poor Dugdalo 1" he kept repeating to hsimself. " Never mind; you'll be avenged for it. Pres cott'll have a hard ease to prove, a hard case to prove-d--n himi !" Roycroft listened with some interest, wondering what on earth this charge levelled against Prescott could mean. In the distance canme the noise of clat tering hoofs, which Roycroft guessed to be Sybil riding homewards. Soon the young Englishman pulled up and dismounted. When he entered the room he stood for an instant gazing at the bloated features and swollen ankle of the manager, then taking his sent close to Roycroft, they talked for a time in low voices. "Is he wandering ? Has he been say ing anything ?" queried Sybil, who was apparently anxious to know something about the patient. S"Yes, he is saying a lot more than he ought to." "Anything about tme? Is he uncon. sCionus?" "Very much so, and for that reason I I attach no importance to his words."' "But -what has h, been saying " Sybil inquired, anxiously. ' Better not be too curious; it mightn't please you." "Come, now, Roycroft ; there can be nothing between us. Take me into your confidence ; I promise you it'll go no fur ther." " For your own sake, I trust not; it's a very ugly report, old boy." At these words Sybil rose to his feet, fearing what he guessed when he had Sheard that. Lisecombe was delirious. Ad vancing slowly towards Roycroft he took him gently by the shoulder, gazing fear lessly into his eyes. "Does he-does he"--hero he fal tered a little-" mention tlhe name of Dugdale, accusing me of-of-" He sank into a chair, the words refus ing to come. - Rloycroft stood over him, wondering what itlall meant; CHAPTER III. ci- s. .'s NarnieATIVE. Seasons come and go in sugar lands without that remarkable change in charac ter which distinguishes those of more temperate climes. The sunn is always \- shining; the trees, the shrubs, and the tflowers are for ever fresh to the eye ; I winter, so called, may be a little less t severe than autumn ; summer may be I come intensified as spring departs, but days are hot always:. The dancing rays of sunshine blind The eyes.at noon-day s even In the month of June, and when \- ight cldoes in chill mists, at- times arise hanging like, a white pall above the arrowning cane-tops. The Malay crouches s around his hot embers, his form so lithe \- and active under vertical sunrays, whenl i Europeans gasp for breath, now shrinks s and shrivells before the cool night air. i It was the winter season at Rappoe. The season when all day long in the a cane-fields the toilers were busiest. , Clink, clink, went the cane-knives, sharp t as razors and flashing in the sunshine, e from a score of dusky savages. Women a and children, too, were gathering up the e bamboos as they fall and piling them on i the trucks for the mill. No one was t idle. But what a change is the season of Sheavy rains, when for days together no work can be pioceeded with, when the great mill has ceased pounding on, and birds and flying-foxes wheel about the ,building, unecared by the roar of c steanm. Then conrse down in all their fury the I racing ouninntain torrents to join the Ibroad, fstt-tlowing river, which carries on i Sits surf;re inighlty tree trunks, torn from a ethleir loots, to be borne seawards. No Scraft could stem that current, rushing I nnadly on to join thie wide, blue ocean. r Man perforce must succumb to the in a evitable. He watches, andn not without , anxiety, thie rise of the storm waters as sslowly, but surtly, each day they make hendwavy, fearing lest that in one overwhlelming avalanche they may a Iurst their bounds and carry all before 5 them. In June a man might wade the river, were it not for thie gruesome thouglht Sthant under that calin, unrufled surface a h nideous crocodile may be lurking. Sleep t ing, sleeping always, until it scents its prize, then with a dart magical in its a speed, the prey is seized and dragged by ina triple-row of teeth to be ground in f piecce-meal. " If you've nothing to do this evening, we'll ride to Thornton and have a game of billiards," said Sybil to Roycroft. " Is e Singleton aboutt I want him to come, I too." y Sybil was riding, and had pulled up in g front of the mill-house, where a gang of a Chinese, Inalays and Kianakas were busy feeding the rollers with cane. I " My reason for wanting you to come e Idaresay you can easily guess. You have Sheard quite suflicient last night to set a you wondering, I've no doubt. Singleton has also heard part, and for this o reason I want you both to ride to a Thornton with me. There we can have a quiet chat at thie 'pub' over the n matter, which I don't care about doing here."-(To be continued,) 