i.i i':c ?' , ?'; ,- ?? ' .? ? ,-'; .'.. ... ' ' Musings by the.Way. ,„. I By ff.SnizxK-r.BaoBoa.' vr . No; 71. ' I'-* ?-.'.''! I till i .' 1 1 »'l . j- ?'? _ - ' '' ' _'i- '. : 1 (? t ?,?!-./» i ' ' We'3 are bidden by our Blessed Lord tip make to ourselves friends; of ''^the' mamm'dn ?of unrighteousness, ?whichiniean8,i'in'' oth'et ?word's; that, we are1 td'uae'-'the, 'thing's of ?this world, not merely for our own SRlflshj ?gratificatidhsi!bi;t for ' the ;gbod( ; of our. temporal and- spiritual' being1 and for the' glory of God. Tjhere; are not a few who,, 'while . admitting1 this' principle; excuse 'tneniselvesfrOm following it on the ground 'that they haye no' particular rule to guide 'them, and that' therefore they 'are1 hot sure 1 whether certain things are right or wrong. It' may ,Be true that there'1 are a few things' ^Which may be termed doubtful; and 'with :f.^gafd to which - it. would be' extremelyj -'difficult for us to-lay down' any hard and '{fast riile-^-raattersof expec'u;nby.Jfdr;;il-| stance:' There- is,' howeveri'1 one*1 course 'Which we can' all Bafely pursue in'-cases'. bf i'do'ubt, . where we t are uncertain ' 'whether -Wse^will not be : 'converted' into ?abuse— and ,'thtat'is',;td' tr.ace.the'mup'tp Gdd'astheir source, and only empldy ' them fo^'C God aa ;tMeir end. ' It.is one 'th'iajf' t.O'Bay this and aflothfeytHin'g tci'act'u^pn'it'.1' 'Our'-'wKole 'sbci'al life, d.r.','a?'We term iti vcivilisatidri,1s ?bKse-l*upon! nothing DJ(Jre.-5r!iles& thanv'a' ?desire to' remedy sin VvthV' consequences sbt siif. jLpot where'ybti'Villirand1 y6u will ,-b'er| obliged ;tp ackhoWledge'-' that Iii 'every donaition'bf life1 wliioli riBeB|'ab6ve' a state of Gutter barbarrs'mTm'e¥'1ii£vel| various'1 pur; suits,' and these p'ujfe'i\'\t s are intended' rto 'supply eajsboth'Vr'B'Waii'M, inBtead'ofJ^lifee ?FaVages)' shiftiHS for^rlie^'selyes.1 .^The'se riiirsuits 'are - with'oiit' ' ciifceptipn ' branded with the stamp of a fallen wdrld.f:'In'the~mj selveB they ' may - be good and beautiful,^ b,ut' ^they,.-.; are /nevertheless all inseparably ?'associated1 with sin and its effects. Let. us take a few rl examples! The earliest JP.f',' all t pursuits '' waB unj doubtedly:agricuH,ure', tint althd'ugh'hd one would even be foolish enough to suy th'at there is anythin^'wro'ng in such work, yet is itinot. aifact.that every stroke ofciwdrk which:the farmer or;fruit-grower .performs is done to remedy, a state of things which would never have existed; withPut sin j the| earth would have needed no tilling,, no labour, had itnever. been cursed for : man's 'sin ? Or in the case of doctora'ani lawyers we cannot doubt that had. there' been, no disease and no death , or, the world being perfectly righ'teous,' had there been no disputes, /no selfishness, then . these .'two professions, i.TV.ould have ; rbeen'i.. needless. Even the office ;of teacher- or-.minister would have. baen.r deprived, ,'of. one of its chief functions, had there been no. sinners to be reclaimed or 'ignorant' to be ] ^^'en- lightened. .'' I repeat therefore that there jg ? no 'human pursuit which 'is 'not designed in Bome.way or the other to remedy either sin or what comes td the same thing.rrthe conj sequences of ein, the diBComforts/the uu happiness, :the inconveniences: resulting therefrom.:' It is, therefore, \\_true in a general sense,, at Jeast, that civilization, which is based upon a divis^ofi of labour in various ' 'pursuiftj-' bearsJ ' unmistiikable traces of evil. 'V «. ? , .: -? .. i .'. ; And this fact leads to others which.point us'to the aame . truth ';. 'the present system of things has produced' and^isproducing all those troublesome social questions of property and labour. When meii lived a Ravage life arid, were dependent, upon their skill with . their rude weapons to capture sufficient' game for each, day's' food they practically knew, n'othinffobp'ut' pr6v6rtyp but directly the great principle of dfyisipn ' of labour showed itself, : directly ;here became a 'mine' and 'thin*,' all - this -was 'altered, and as ' all pen are not equally capable or will ing to work some wore loft behind in the race, while others began to acquire goods and property of varidus kinds.' Of course, from One point of view their luiequal diaJ tribution of wealth ib a very great benefit to mankind. Wero all men equally endowed with wealth, there would exist none of the present incentives to progrean and improvo-. ment!' There would be no 'effort to .invent, to beautify,;or improve,for men would have no worldly interest in so doing. It is the stimulus of making -a fortune by Bucceso which makes them energetic, industrious, andinventive. This social system is, in accordance with God's will, to remain as long ns this world lasts, and it is distinctly laid down by the Apostle's ? that we are to abide in whatsoever calling we have beon placed, and to do God's work in this pbsi tion. ' In the samo way the unequal dis tribution of property was said to be essen tial to the trial and probation of tho rich. ' Ye have the.noor alwavs with vou.' said our Lord, abd'His'Jtpoetle'aade'd, 'Charge them who are rich in this world, that they should be ready, to 'distribute, willing to c^mmunicp.tel'' From all this' it is'eyident that, notwithstanding the. assertions of socialists and otherB, jGod permits the existing ^inequalities and hardships, and that therefore 'any social, revolution would be in violation' of His ordinance, but at the same time it is distinctly intimated that it is;afaultyand vicious, ByBtem,dne td'WhicH we are , never to be conformed butcon stantly to look forward' to that better one which shall, take its place at the second coming of, .Christ'.'1 'SeaderB, of the Bible capnot' but 'have noticsd hoi* mere human progreas is depreciated and, that;' . man ' is ' taii'glit \ that '??' th'e preBent'.'system is-ript .to last' for ' ever '. They will 'also have noticed how' that pecu liar, , trjft'e, , the BechaJ-,ites, were' specially commended and rewarded by God, inasmuch as tl.eir'syatem implied.' a spirit of indepen dence/ upon earthjy good things^ and of faith in a future, inheritance. Then as re gards property and wealth, observe how constantly and '.unsparingly it is stigma tised in. Scripture, how, our Lord describes it, as the 'Imarhmon.of unrightedusrieEB,'' because, aa| Archbishop' French has re marked, ' it is certain that in all wealth a principle of evil is implied ; for in a perfect state. of society — arealiued kingdom of God upoh'earth— there' Would' be no such! 'thing as nronfirtv whinh pVionlrl Vinlnnir tr- on« man more thon' another. Property, in its 'very existence, as being one man's, and not eyefy man's, is a witness for the corruption 'nn'd f all, and . selfishnass of man, for the abaenco of 'that highest love,' which would have made each man feel that whatever 'was' his' was also everyone's besides, and thus would have rendered' it impossible that a 'mine' or a ' thine 'Bhould oVor have existed.' ' One 'bright glimpse of a better state of things occurred imirjediately after the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the church at JeruEalem. Then yre rend that there was a strong and fervent im pulBeof(mutual love,which displayed itaelf in the total abaence of all selfishness. ? ' ' Of course to attempt to realise this state of things now, while the heart of man re mains as it is, to full of selfishness; would be as great an absurdity and an impossi bility as to attempt? to form a pure church herej 'on earth -withpiit the gift of Godjs Spirit, biit'. nevertheless,' it is the stHte of 1 thing's |id whioh oufhopee'are to be direot'ed .^-a' 'state, : of [tbings^- which ' will not Tk- realised 'except in the new Jheayens' andthe ,'nWeartri wherein dwell righteousness.'-' ' ''The object of the abpVe remarks -lis^a 'been' '?$'- sh6vr that the ? World,, -or to put;'it ' ik other l wordsj: the'Kpresie'nt system ''pi ' thirTg^' ;is ! represe'nt/e'd1 in_Go'd'B Word ' as beirig'/an'fagonistic 'to Christ. /-(Tt-'must'fle bbyioviB th'at'to liveiinthe midst of a'sya ,|em of ; things' which 'is' fundamentally ' vicious iarid 'selfish'/ a 'system whose-sole tetfdyfacy is. to consider tKis eartiiaft'the end of(; everything;' and1 to fit it up':and furnish it- with'everyresdurce, luxury, ftttd 'cl6'mfbrtlwhich''refinem'ent and art can Se vise : I say, to live in the m'idsVof suoh''a 'By stem must needs- be- ;a drag -upo'rv'tbe heart,' and'a stumbling block in' our path. !If 'it -were'tru'e th'at this life were all, there 'can1 be 'no1 'doubt that then civilisation would be' the best of all' systems which ?'Have'been ever in .the wprld ; but as th'is ,life('ib 'not 'all' if 'we1, believe in the life' to come, a stkte'of' existence' in which we shall'Kttve advanced to-j, a;;higher and rno're perfect 'exiBtence than' the comforts and:: luxuries 'of this* present world will se'ein ofj no more1 accouat to/hs than ajbabys rattle' would to a grown man. Then civilisation will seeih' nothing' to Us in comparison, ! notwithstanding- all its 'cbrnfortsari'dlUxurieB. ? ? :' ' There' is a real danger of our mistaking this world' 'for, 'onr true home— of our ?'breatKing-:inl thef'selflshness of our present social existence, and allowing it to poison bur Amoral and', spiritual nature.. How hard, 'I had almost said hew impossible, 'it is' for us' to deny that wealth; that pro perty, that the resources 6f; this world ate real goods at all .' How difficult to feel that these things so' eagerly sought1 after are mere1 ' 'drops ' in cbinparison with the deep inner joy of a, soul in harmony with God's will. The chief danger in this state of things is that, evea while Tve are striving to lend a. pure and' holy' life, we are liable to take our tone from the world and be content to settle down comfortably in it, and so. affirming that, barring a few accidents arid that very awkward and unwelcome- intru sion 'of death every now and then;, this world is a very passable one, and not with out manifold advantages. It really seems as if civilisation were fast' running to seed, aad as if the moral'strength of all olaes'es were becoming ovcrwronght, dissolute;'BB«i enfeebled] 'by ' its excessive ' sof tnes«'- ttnd luxury. ? 'I ''do^not' for a moment wish to diiparag eth* resnlts of -human invention and effort, which we sum up in the word «iyil«atiori; they are like fair and beauti ful flowers iwhich. spring: fronva soil ,whioh; isinothing elrt hut rottenness; so, though the1 system* may be imperfect, we are no obliged' tomay that they i are not wonderful or not beautiful,: All the .great powers of liuinanu ingenuity and / research — the xe dults of one ot God's ! moat wonderful Creations, tho human inind, .with ,ita love, of beauty, its .capacity, for invention and .im provement ; all these things— learning, science, arb, and literature— are to be ap plied to the .service of God. ..It therefore ahould be borne in mind that while the present syBtem is not in itself perfeot.tbat neither for thp individual nor for the community ? iB civilisation ? necessarily Ghriatianisation ; yet wo are, to use, these things to the full yet without excess, apd above all to the glory of God and the good of- our own souls, remembering; that .they will be altogether superseded by that bet; fcer condition to which humanity, ia hasten, ing. ??' ? ' i;'- :?? ' '.'? ?.. ? ??.;.'.:.:.,. ' ; ? . a ? - . . i . .?. 