THE DIVINE W0EK OF THE CHUECH— ITS HELPS. When Elisha stood calm and unmoved in circumstances of apparent peril, it was because he saw what others could not. Around Dothan there was the Army of Syria, sent forth to take one poor, weak and defenceless man. No wonder his servant came to him with the language of despair : ' Alas ! my master, what shall we do ?' There was no fear in the heart of the prophet. He knew the Power that was behind him. With the utmost calmness he prays for his servant : 'Lord, onen hia RVfiR t/hn.t. Tip. Tnavsfifi.' Than fen.v imflSfiR n.wfl.v an well from the servant as his master, for he sees, with the enlightened vision now bestowed upon him, 'Horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha.' When we hear of the hindrances to the Divine work of the Church we may well fear, whether we look at the persons in whom it has to be done— so hard, so dark, so foolish, so wilfully blind to the things of God — or the powers arrayed against us. 'Principalities,' ' Powers,' 'the Eulers of the darkness of this world,' ' wicked spirits in heavenly places,' headed up in the power and dominion of ' The God of this world,' 'the Prince of the Power of the air, the Spirit .that now worketh in the children of disobedience.' To poor flesh and blood, to men such as we are, the task of carrying on that work seems hopeless, impossible; we are ready to ask with. St. Paul, ' Who is sufficient for these things ?' u Well may we pray for ourselves, well may we pray for one another, ' Lord, open his eyes that he may see.' Let us have the eyes of the heart enlightened, and we shall see, by a living faith, and faith that sees God and recognises His almighty power, that there are more for us than all that are against us ; and, like the same Apostle, we will be able to say, ' Our sufficiency is of God.' 1\. It will be a most important help to understand that our work is supernatural. This surely is implied in the subject itself — the Divine work of. the Church. - It is ', not by might, nor by power, but by. My Spirit, saith the Lord.!! 'Greater works,' said the Divine Lbrd to His; disciples, 'greater works than these shall ye do because I. go unto My Father.'.' What were these? How were they to be' done? The greater works were the conversion of a great company in Jeru salem, Judea;, and Samaria,and the ends of the earth, to the faith of Christ. The bringing of the Kingdom of : God into the hearts of thousands and ten thousands of the fallen race of man. The gradual reproduction in multitudes of souls of the Divine Image, ruined and marred by sin. The bringing about of great moral miracles— miracles of grace greater .and more far-reaching in their results than even the blessed works 'of the Son of God in healing and blessing the needy, the sick, or raising the dead.;— the saving of immortal souls, the regeneration. of men, the bringing the heaven of light, and purity, and freedom, and love to every soul willing and obedient; even the very work of' making them .willing and obedient. . This was the work — discipling the nations, leading men back to God; and thus bringing heaven to earth in the possession of God's peace, the knowledge of His love, and the blessedness of His continual presence. Making the prayer our Lord rhas taught us, not merely the desire of our hearts, bufc the object of ', our life's work— V Hallowed be Thy Name, Thy kingdom .come, Thy will be done on earth as it is done, in heaven.' How was all this to be done ? It is distinctly referred to the action of the Holy Spirit — ' which were born not of blood, nor of the will bt the .flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God' — 'Greater works shall ye do, because I go to the Father.' The;going'to the Father was the act necessary to the giving forth of the Holy Spirit.' He shall con vince the world of sin, of righteousness, and judgment. ; Now, what is the position we must take in order to do this blessed and most 'important' work ? We need to be filled with the Holy Glwst. Our position since the ascension is different to that either of the prophets before Christ, or the disciples before Pentecost. We have had bestowed on the Church a person of the Godhead. The Spirit that came on the Lord Jesus Christ at His baptism is now given to as many as look for and seek Him. As .the Lord did His wonderful works by the power' of the Holy Spirit, we may do now the' greater works by the power of the self -same Spirit of all Grace. Here is the secret of all true success in the work of God— having, using, living, working, in the power of the Holy Spirit. It is riot so much our working by the help of God's Spirit, but putting ourselves in the hands of the Holy Spirit that He may use us. Trusting Him to do in us all we need. 'He dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.' Nothing can sustain like: this, the knowledge of God's indwelling by His: Spirit. How, far we know this great secret of spiritual power and use it, will be seen by our work. If we have reason to thank God for air,' real spiritual success we can say : ?f Yet not I, but Christ ;' ' Thine is the Kingdom, the Power, and the Glory.' _ The men by whom God has done His blessed supernatural work in all ages have hsen.men filled with faith and the Holy Ghost. This is what the Australian Church wants , of all things. ? Are we seeking this? This is not a blessing to be attained '. by a few favoured mem- ? bers of the Church. ; No ? it may be ours. We may be filled with faith and the Holy Ghost,, do. we only fee! our need and seek this blessing by earnest prayer and entire surrender of ourselves to God? Men full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, we stand not. alone ; we go not forth at pur own charges. As. the spirit of Elijah rested on Elisha, so the Spirit Who comes forth from the ascended Lord resting on , us, will give us to know, and live, and work in the power of the know ledge that there is nothing impossible to the God Who deigns to dwell in the lowly temples of our hearts. O. .the wondrous nrmsihilififis nf tTio lifp. nffn.i+.Ti ! O. fcVin nif.v nf if. that we attempt to live and work without it 1 2\. Next in importance to the Divine Spirit is the Divine Word. How great is the help it gives us to know that the Word, by which we live, and the instrument by which our spiritual victories are won, .is the very Word of God. One great feature of the teaching of the Son of God was authority— power. He spake as One that had authority, and not as the Scribes. Men could not resist the power. He spake as One who knew, Whose mission it was, not so much to argue — not so much to endeavour to meet men half-way, to adapt His Word to their prejudices, and to give them something that would be accept able—but to proclaim truth He knew. He spake with authority. May we have the same? No doubt about it! Have we the same Scriptures of truth as He appealed to with confidence ? Have we the example of the Apostles, who could declare, ' Though we or an angel from heaven preach any other Gospel, let him be accursed;' or could reason with Felix '? of temporal righteousness and judgment to come' as certain verities ? We can speak with the same authority. It may be said these were inspired men. No doubt in the settlement of doctrine they might take stronger ground than we, but in the great essentials of the faith, where we have the Word of God to establish our position, surely we are called upon to take the same ground, .. and to speak with authority, as those who can fall back on the. assurance, 'Thus saith the. Lord.' May it not be a subject of self-examination to those of us who are ministers of Christ? Do we sufficiently set forth the authority of the Word of God as the 'Word of God? Do we not content our selves by preaching about the Word, rather than the Word itself ? A return -to the expository method of preaching would possibly' bring with it a return to the convincing and converting grace of the Word of God. We are the prophets of our age and of our land. Would that we better understood and made more use of the power to proclaim truth, to declare God's will, to speak with the authority of God's commis sioned servants, to whom is given to declare God's mind ; to beseech men, in Christ's stead, 'Be ye reconciled to God.' Our own fancies or notions may be very good, so far as they go— interesting as curious speculations— but do we want to do the Divine work of the Church in Australia, it must be by the asserted authority of the Divine rWord. Our teaching then could not fail to bring with it a sense of responsi bility on our part that we are speaking as the oracles of God; on the part of those to whom we minister, that, in opposing, they were resist ing the ordinance of God. . : We maybe tempted to think such methods as expository preaching, as prophesying to our age in God's name, would bring us into collision with the men of our day who : have such a dislike to dogma, and, indeed, to everything like definiteness in regard to Spiritual truth. Indeed, I have been told this would be its effect.. I think those who «fftvtlii« ara ontirfilv mistaken. What the world wants is clear. OQ/jf VU1D t*i \i» %JJL» U A*. *J*_f ****ki ui«»vui ? ? — — — - ?' ««*-?«? . » — ? ? --— - — ? ? f definite, God-given truth. But suppose it did bring us contempt ? The truth in St. Paul's time was to the ' Jew a stumbling block, and to the Greek foolishness ;' but itwas the power that displaced Judaism, and has lived to see the wisdom of the Greek philosophers pale into folly beside it. We are riot here to pander to an unbelieving age,' but to proclaim — as God teaches it to us by His Word— the truth of God. 3\. The power of prayer is again a great help to the 'divine work of the Church, When we read what God has promised in answer to prayer ; when we know that to him that abides in Christ the promise is given, ' Ask what ye will and it shall be done ;'' when we learn to understand the authority with which we can claim blessings on our work, and joy in it, when we come in the name of Jesus; we say with confidence, this is the power of all others the greatest. Are we sure of this— That God, in answer to prayer, does things tHat would not be done without it? That it is given to us to bring by prayer' blessings we would not and could not otherwise receive. . Do we know indeed that our greatest victories are won, that our great power in doing God's will and working his work is' obtained, on our knees; that - prayer is more ' important than any labour ; - that it is not so much labour assisted by' prayer, but labour that is the result of prayer, that God blesses? ' We have not because we ask not.' The man mighty in prayer cannot fail to be mighty in spiritual service, while the man of unwearied activity, if his work is -not, so to say, steeped in prayer, may spend his strength for nought. The world is drifting awayfrom the Church.' The number of young men who attend our churchesis becoming smaller. We are not overtakingthe increase of population. Work that we ought to be doing is done by others. New, and'in some respects alien systems are being built up at our very doors— systems that have not the chastened piety, the reverential tone in worship, of that branch of the Catholic Church to which we, by God's grace, belong. Why is it? We are not content to have it so; we have no business to be content. Where is ourniistake? 'What is the matter ? Our love is cold, our zeal iff feeble ; we labour much, and pray — yes, we pray— but is there the intensity of devotion, the holy boldness in prayer, we ought. to have? If we could but team to^pray much, to crot. an intn fW?'R nrfiRGnrtfi. to live there, to nrav without ceasine. to be definite, importunate in prayer, for the Church and the world, we could not fail to get so near God that we could catch His love and sympathy for the sinful, the fallen, the lost ; we would so learn the ? power of God's love that we would begin really to love. And thus prayer would issue in labour, our hearts would be filled with the love of God and humanity, and the kind of service the world wants and is sinning for need of, dying because it has it not, would be given. This service is heart service. All work for God would' be raised to the high plane of a willing, loving devotion. The true missionary spirits would not be found in one here or there, but wherever the eye of God could see, the finger of God point, the voice of God call, the answer, the glad answer, would come from vast numbers of Australians, 'Here am I; send me.' Sacrifice would cease to be, because it would be regarded as the greatest glory to be like Christ. Hardship would be welcomed were it in the interests of God and humanity. Shame would be truest honour. 'Twould be our joy to be counted worthy to suffer shame for the name of Jesus. What we want for the Church, to heal her unhappy divisions, to enable her to see her power and the pathway of her triumph ; for the world, that its wounds may be bound up ; that its deadly disease may be healed ; that its dishonour of God may be removed ; that the name of the Son of God maybe glorified; that we may have our proportionate part in preparing the coming kingdom for the coming Lord, is that we should give ourselves to prayer — definite, believing, expectant prayer. No more important request was ever made than that which the disciples offered to the Lord when they said, ' Lord, teach us to pray.' I do not know that we can enter into any compact or agreement in such a matter, but suppose we determine, as those joined in -the fellowship of the Church of God by one Spirit— as those on whom the future of the Australian Church largely depends— that we will for this coming year, until we meet again next Church Assembly, give' ourselves to prayer in private, and when we meet by two or three; and that we will remember our need of deeper love, fuller devotion, an intenser spirit of prayer, when we gather in the great congre gation ? I doubt not if this were done that a great wave of spiritual life and power would rise over our Australian Church. Let us use this yieat power. God has put it into our han'da.' Let feeryice grow; out of prayer, rather than prayer out of labour. All labour will then take on ne.w forms of tenderness and spiritual force, and God will bless us, and our land shall show her increase. Because God has spoken, and His Word cannot fail, He will reveal Himself more fully to our hearts, He will sanctify us with His truth, the Divine Spirit will come, making us willing and obedient in the day of God's power, and signs and wonders will be done in the name of the Lord. Let us see to it that the highest Christian life is our aim— not the higher, but the highest. Let us seek to have ' the .'dulness of our blinded sight' restored by the eye-salve that God alone can give by His Spirit, and we shall be encouraged to go forward with renewed vigour. . i. 'Tis ours to have the Almighty Spirit — the power to work with us and in us; the weapon of our warfare, trusty and true, which has never failed, and never can fail— the Word of God ; and the peculiar privilege of making all effectual— praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit. We need no more, but constantly to enter into the.full possession of what God has given us, knowing that ' the Lord will give grace and glory ; no good thing will He withhold from them that walk uprightly.' .'. 