BETWEEN DRINKS. , — 4 . , It was a caae of plot and "counter " plot at Tranby Croft. . ' It is not always for virtue's sake that women are virtuous.- Celibacy has been; prescribed as a pre ventive against baldness. . A man would do pretty poor fishing if Tie used a book worm for bait. e It is not always good for a temperance orator to be full of his subject. Steam laundries; ore, it seems, not good enough for this go-ahead age. In America one can now have one's shirt-buttons re moved and cufEs frayodby electricity. . A woman who7 has surrendered her lips has surrendered all. Marriage communicates to women the yices of men, but, not their virtues. ' # A fomale gambler need not be faro' face, hut she ought to have winning ways. # # Strike of the Laundresses ! How Tub- be or not tub-be ?- that' is tho question. e e v It is when in the scales of justice that tho weigh of the transgressor is hard. ..... .. -:! , Excessively long dresses are all the go this season. Woman sweop3 everything behind, not before, her. ... , - ... , Laundry men ,are hard, to .beat, for : humi lity. The more cuffs yop gijre them the more they will do for you. «. %. . . - — « - - ' The St. Stephen's Eevik;w suggests a now saying forTarliament'candidatos— 'fTouritptq and influenza." . : ' ' " . ,-v : In'Bodton'a watcli "that will wind it self " : is' exhibited by- a -loading jeweller. A watch that will walk -to the pawnshop and take out a - ticket1 is understood to bo —in course of manufacture. Some old men like to give good precepts to console themselves for thoir inability to longer givo bad examples. e Some young inon seem to hold the opinion that wearing loud clothes is tho way to make noise in the world. e Cups are the fashionable engagement- gifts amongst ladies just now. Surely spoo.ns would bo more appropriate. e Marriage may not mean failnre, bat with an expensive fiance e courtship often looks uncommonly like bankruptcy. Hojentorod.tho sanctum one cold winter day, On this earth yon no longor will find him ; An inquest was hold, and the verdict they say, Was: He loft tho door opon behind him. . Just think of it ! Tho pig," ' ah agri cultural journal asserts, " is the cleanest of all domestic animals." It shows that one must not be deceived by ontside appear ances. - "Cleverness is nine-tenths memory," says a modern sage. Just so. - The clever liar, for instance, is likely to givo the game away unless he has memory very largely \- developed. -.« o e "Waiter, I'ye boon here a full hour," ' said the Old 'Un, impatiently. I' vo been hare since 7 a.m. " replied the waiter. " It's tiresome, ain't it ?" ' Nowadays. — Master Do Wilbee Eiche: " Nurse ! who was zat lady wiv ze dog, zat tissedme dus' now ?" Nurse : "Why, dear, that was your mamma." If you want to grow fat, don't laugh, but watch the costumier. He i3 always letting ' his clothes out. e When four women sit down for : a quiet game of whist you can't hear tlio. silence in the next room. # » Lovo at first sight would be a much scarcer thing if more people were gifted with second sight. , " " Boon fishing, eh ? What d'yer catch ?" "Cold." - This is a joke that wa3 written b.c. '4114. It is believed to be tho conversation of two Egyptian philosophers; " They say that poetry is a drug in the market,", said the poeb's wife. " Nonsenso ! " retaliated the poet. "If you'd ever sold any poetry and bought any drugs you'd know tlio difference."- e « The Illustrated, Sydney News . came out strong last Saturday. It says of Bernhardt No matter what amount of enthusiasm her < genius for acting proves, it cannot got over the fact that bor tawny locks and tawny cheeks are a harmony in color at the wrong end, of her anatomy." The italics are purs. i —i bmie ii i ii nil i'i i iii ! iimii wi 9i w i Thby are so strict in a certain up-conntry -town that the authorities will not allow tho public fountain to play on Sundays, o What a cyclist most heartily .dislikes is rising ground, especially' tho sort that rises up and strikes him on tho lioad. ' » If truth were at the bottom of a beer barrel instead of being buried in that beastly well more of us would bo likoly to get at it. . " Wliat queer things come to pass in this world!" was tho soliloquy of tlie counter feit expert as he rejected yet anofclior half- crown. Tho oditor's sweotlioart'B eyes aro bright, As she dons her dainty dress And smooths the waist and hooks it tight, For her lover is coming toseo her to-night. And her form is going to press. ' The good die yonng. Tho others become "oldest inhabitants" and lie about the weather, their age, and -any tiling else they can handle. # A mimical correspondent wants to know "liow to deaden the sound of a piano." One of the best wayB wo know is to re move the player. This is to be a year of polar explorations —two or three are about to start. Two years, hence -the usual rescuing expeditions . will be fitted out.. It takes. the French to appreciate Shakes peare. Tho passage,. "Frailty, thy. name i3- woman," is translated, "Mademoiselle Frailty is the name of the lady." It is astonishing liow many people there are who can afford to pay for theatre tickets once or twice a week and then want to deadhead some church on Sunday. » ' .« - It is said that the automatic penny-in- the-slot machine is over 150 years old. This is probably why it feels disinclined to work now and then.' Considering the sex of the modern type writer, or typist, why call her an amanu- ensia ? Wpuld not womanuensis be more in tlio fitness of things ? »' # « Prodigal : " This is a- lovely afternoon. Let's do something." Totty : "All right. What do you pro pose?" Prodigal : " Let's get ongaged.'' . Judge : " Come, you'd better plead guilty. You'll get off easier." Patsy tho Tramp: "Aw, I'm dead "onto yor. Yer wants -to go to dinner, don't yer ?" Bid he have tho. jini- jaws bad ? " " Did lie have 'm bad? Well,- 1 should say so. He had 'em that bad? there wasn't a day lie couldn't have seen snakes even in Ireland." Somebody defines a judge's sentence as'a speeoh that carries conviction with it. ...a » For every man, who knows more than he tells there are 50 who tell more than they know. e - # We call the new boy who is distributing type " Circumstances ". because he alters cases. ess Perhaps tlio best thing about the good - old times is that they have not got a retarn ticket. No Shirt Jias been elected chief of the Umatilla Indians. Ho probably won by a bare majority. « a He was a festive huntor, WhoBe tastes of game were ronsors, But the only things be bagged Wero liia latest slop-mado trousers. © How mnch of ' withering contempt and- scorn can a -woman put into two short words ! Just listen to her talking of some other woman as that person. » When a man heard 'of his wife's sudden death the other day he blew out his brains with a revolver. The jury called it " death through a bullet-in." » " One Yho Knows says that tho beet way to prevent bleeding at the nose is to keep the nasal organ as fax out of other i people's business as possible. ' « , Only one person in a thousand dies of old . age— except in America, where people are constantly dying at ages ranging from 100 to 120— for newspaper purposes. 1 — «=- - " Last night- 1 -was'lost in thought;" said Smiler. " Well, you shouldn't roam in nn- - J familiar fields without a . guide," replied : the Prodigal. Nasty wasn't it ? ., ; . ' "What's the matter with tile Prodigal ? He's going into the conservatory, as palo as a ghost, with .Floss'ie-Fe wclothes." " Going- into a dedline, I take it, from ; what I know of Flossie." «. . « Fond Mother: "Tommy, darling, this is your . birthdqy. What - would you like best ?" . Tommy . (affceyj a moment's reflection) : spanked'" . sou OIkjoy seeing . baby t, i«! > f Wherq aro you going my pretty, f airraid ? '' I'm going to churoh, kind sir,": she said. ' Why go yon anoften; my pretty maid t " The minister's young and unmarried," Bhe ' said. - # - ,Ms. rProntice : "Hovif'dq' you aiwaya ' managq to have such delicions beef P" ' :" Mrs. By well i "I select'a gOodhonesfc butcher and tlren stand by liim." Mrs. Prentice: ffY6u;.jmeah -that you -» give him all your- trade ?" 5Ir8;/Bywell : x" lj0;i rT:?neanitig,t I stand - by him while he-is qntting it off."- 