TWO WATS OF TELLING A STORY- King James the Sixth, on removing to London, was waited upon by the Spanish ambassador^ a man of erudition, but wbo had an eccentric idea in bis head that every country should have a professor of signs, to enable men of all languages to understand each other without the aid of speech. Lamenting one day before the King, this great destderation throughout all Europe the King, who was an outre character, said to him, "Why I have a professor of signB in the most remote college in my dominions;'but it is a great way off— _ perhaps 600 miles from here." " Were it ten thousand leagues off I shall «ee him," said the ambassador, and exprfessed bis determination to set out ' s ip8tanteE, in order to have an interview with, the Scottish professor of signs. The King, perceiving he had committed himself, caused an intimation to be written to the University of Aberdeen Stating the case, and desiring the professors to put him off, or make the best of bim!. Tbe ambassador arrived, and was received with great solemnity, fie immediately inquired which of them \- had the honor to be professor of signs ; bat Was told that the professor was ab - sent in the Highlands, and would return nobody could say when. "I will," said be, " wait his return though it were 12 months. " The professors seeing this would not do, contrived the following stratagem . —There was one, Geordie,^ a butcher, blind of an eye, a droll fellow, with much wit and roguery about him. The batcher was put up to the story, and t instructedjhow to comport himself in his new situation of professor of signs ; but ;' he was enjoined on no account to utter \- Ta syliable. Geordie willingly undertook . the office for a small bribe. The am- »'•' bftBsadbr was then -told, to his infinite satisfaction, tbiat the professor of signs would be at home the next $ay. Eyery- \- thing being prepared, Geordie was gowned, wigged, and. placed in state in a room of the college. The Spaniard was then shown into Geordie's room, and then left to converse with him as • best he could, the whole of the professors waiting the issue with considerable anxiety. Then commenced . . „ . the- scene.; The ambassador held up one of his fingers to Geordie ; Geordie answered him by holding up two of his. The ambassador held up three ; Geordie tlenched his fist and looked stern. The ambassador then took an orange from Mb pocket, and showed it to Geordie,; who in .; return polled out a piece of barley-bread from his pocket and ex hibited it in a similar manner. The ambassador then bowed to him and retired. The professors anxiously inquired ibis opinion of their brother. He < is a perfeot miracle," said the • for the wealth of the West IndiesT' £ ' ^WeU J" exclaimed -one of the pro 'fes^>ra, " how has he edified you 1" • **Why* said the ambassador, " I first'held up one finger, denoting there I'-.-la one God^.be held up two, signifying that there are Father and son. I held up three, meaning the-Father. Son, and Holy Ghost ; he clenched his fist to say that these Three are One. I then took out an orange, signifying the goodness of God, who gives His creatures not only the necessaries, but tbe luxuries \- - of life j upon which the wonderful man presented a piece of bread, showing that it Was the staff of life, and preferable to every luxury.". ,The professors were glad that matters . hadJturned out so well j and, having got quit of the ambassador, they called in Geordie to hear his version: " Well, Geordie, have you come on and what do you ihink of yon man ¥ " The scoundrel 1" exclaimed the but- .: cher, a , what did he do first think ye ? u He held up ae finger, as much: as to say you have on ly ae • e'e; then : I held up twa,. meaning that my ane was as good as his twa. Then the fellow held ,* up. three of his fingers, to say there t * were but three e'en between us : and I was so. mad at him that I shocked ; ;my nieve,and was gaun to strike him— • and would hae dane't tae but for your : Bakes. He didna stop here, but forsooth, "he took out an orange, \- muckle as to say your poor beggarly country cannagrow that* I showed . him a whang of a. bere bannock, meaningjthat. I dinna care a farthing for hia or his trash neither, as Jang's I had • ; this! But, by a' that's gude," con- • v ; eluded Geordie, " IW angry yet that I ' didna break every bane. in.his .body " 