"MY DEVIL," A New Australian Story full of Sensational Incidents. SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOR THE " NEPEAN TIMES BY FOSTER OSBORNE, AUTHOR OF ' Cowwabbie," " Yuroka", ' or Saxon and Savage," and "Josiah Horrocks, &c.;" Commenced in our Issue of 18th July, 1891 PART III. CHAPTER XI—(continued). It was only a little after eight o'clock, and McLeod was by no means averse to expediting matters, so they settled down to business, and plunged into the murder case there and then. Of course the whole affair was new ground to Jean Laportré, and it had to be gone into thoroughly by McLeod. It was necessary that the whole history of the case should be transferred in detail, and not hurriedly either, for the Frenchman's pencil, though quick, was also cautions and deliberative. From the first he was evidently much interested in the narrative, but McLeod noticed that the majority of his after-inquiries were directed to what took place at the scene of the murder—to Klein's rival (Murdock) and the girl—and to Garbutt's part in the proceedings. He did not comment or give vent to any opinions as the case was being stated to him, but once—when McLeod in answer to a comprehensive question, stated that Murdock and the girl who was now his wife, had crossed the river immediately above the fatal spot; that the Dutchman had seen them and could doubtless describe their clothing, and that they were now living in good circumstances near the city," he gave vent to an ejaculation which to George McLeod's ears sounded very much much like an expression of triumph. "Phew-w !" he exclaimed, as his shoulders made another desperate attempt to engulf his head piece, " you have not made to prove that this girl and Murdock were dressed as the man and woman seen by Pascoe ?" " Not yet. My next proposed move was to see Adam Klein and get from him a description of the apparel, worn by Murdock and the girl. They both declare that they went up stream on the night in question, but since hearing of the man and woman seen by Happy Pascoe I have doubted the truth of that statement. Pascoe's man was dressed in a black or dark blue suit, whilst the woman, he says, wore a light colored hat; so it should not be hard to prove through Klein if these were identical with Murdock and the girl." '"Ha, ha! You think Murdock told not the truth. Ha, ha! Did Steven Heydon have any money—or better, was there money or valuables found on his dead body?" " Well really," McLeod replied, " I have not ascertained. The fact is, I am so confident as to the motive of the murderers, that I have not contemplated robbery in association with the crime." "No matter—I shall find it out. I shall now leave you—you have friends—" "No, pray don't go yet. It is only Mr. Whitelaw (Geo. Heyden, you know) who has been to some play ; and I wish to introduce you." Mr. Whitelaw entered at the moment, and made Laportré's acquaintance; and shortly afterwards McLeod asked their new colleague what he thought of the case. "Oh !—it is beautiful!—splendid!" " Yes, but you will tell me how the evidence tends, and what you consider our chances of success?" The Frenchman hesitated just a moment before he replied. "I am your servant—you pay me to work ; but I am professional—I work always in my own way—I think a thing—I am silent: I prove that thing—I come and tell you. It is no use that I talk when I have not the proof. Ha, ha! what do I think of the case? It is this : you have made the grand mistake, like all amateurs. The dog wants to find the fox—what does he do? He finds first the scent, and he runs it to the fox—that is the right way. What do you do ?—You find first the fox, and try to make the scent lead to him. N-n-no !—that shall never do. Well, you get much puzzled—the scent will not come to suit you, so you leave it and try to pick it up a long way off! what shall be the consequence —why you lose the scent altogether and the fox too! Ha, ha, ha!—but no fear: you have made that Jean Laportré shall help you, and you shall find the fox. Look you: you take a straight line from the crime to the murderer—you cannot travel that line, because the true scent turn round the corner —you pass the corner—you try to climb without steps. But Laportré, he does not pass the corner—no!—he shall stick to the scent. You tell to me everything that I know—without what you tell me, I know nothing; and yet, already I have found the murderer! Ha, ha! you think me not serious—that I will joke and make boasts, but it is not so. I have found the murderer of Steven Heydon, and in a few days, when I have made the proofs I will tell you. Ha !—Is it Jackson? —No! Is it Horrocks ? — No. Who then? Klein? Pascoe? No, no, no! —The murder of Stephen Heydon is—the man whom I shall show to you when I have made the sure proof. Perhaps in two days —perhaps in ten days I shall say to you, there is the murder; here is the proof!' Gentlemen good night! I suppose I may find you here always ? " " If we are not in any time when you call here, leave a memo in the message book down-stairs. Where shall we be able to find you?" "I shall be nowhere—or better, I shall be everywhere; but I shall come often to the book down-stairs to make the enquiries of your instructions." Left to themselves, the two friends naturally sat in committee on their quaint assistant. Mr. Whitelaw discussed him with an impatience that was too pronounced to escape George McLeod's notice. The fact was, he, Mr. Whitelaw, had become so infatuated with his own theory as to the perpetrator of the crime, and the motive which induced it, that any idea involving the accusation of anyone but Josiah Horrocks, met with scant favour in his estimation. The wish may have been father of the conviction to a great extent, for without a doubt, this naturally benevolent man thirsted for the blood of his one enemy, and what more satisfactory way of consummating his ghastly desire, than by bringing its victim to the gallows—a sacrifice at once to justice and his vow? "Pshaw! he exclaimed, kicking at the loose coals in the grate; " The conceit of the fellow, to think that in a few days, he can accomplish what Garbutt and I have failed to do in as many years. I hope I did not show it McLeod, but I do not like this Jean Laportré. It seems he is going to be a boss of the show too—he lets you understand pretty plainly that he does not mean to be interfered with ; and did you ever see such over bearing confidence ? Humph!—found the murderer already has he? Well, we are getting on excessively well—we set out to find one criminal, and already we have got three. I am persuaded that Josiah Horrocks is the man; you are just as positive about W. H. Jackson ; and now this Frenchman has pounced upon a third certainty. If Garbutt would only become subject to convictions respecting a fourth culprit—Mrs. Purcell for instance—we might consider ourselves as a company, fairly launched on the road to fame and glory. He is so aggravating, so self- sufficient too. I wonder whom he means to accuse ?" "I think I can satisfy you on that point. He was not particularly flattering in respect to my abilities as an amateur detective, but I was clever enough to detect the drift of his suspicions. His idea is that plunder was the motive of the crime, and that the man whom Pascoe saw on the Yarra banks with a woman, was the perpetrator. There is some show of reason for this suspicion, and were it not for the letter, which to my mind condemns Jackson conclusively, I should have some leanings that way myself. I believe that Klein's sweetheart and Murdock were identical with Pascoe's couple. If so, they lied directly to us, as to the route they took from Brander's Ferry that night; and you remember how short and surly the man's answers were, when we called at their shop to question them. For argument's sake, we can easily understand, that they might have hung about the bend of the river, and might have committed the deed after Pascoe brought his two passengers over the stream. Time would permit of this theory, because the doctor, who examined the body next morning, could not be certain to an hour, when he said it had been lifeless for twelve hours. Of course I am inferring now that the identity of the murder is an open question, which, to me, it has not been since the discovery of Dr. Johnstone's letter to Mr. Jackson, I differ from you in disposition towards this little Frenchman. Although his physiognomy is most unpleasantly suggestive of some dogs I have seen, I take him to be genuine ; and there are no two ways about his intentions —he means work." " Yes, yes Mac !—I don't doubt but that he is right enough in his way, but—Oh, I do wish we had something solid—this flitting, unsettled state of affairs is getting vexatious to me!—it worries my mind, I sat "Hamlet " through to-night, but I do not think I was able to concentrate my attention on the play for five consecutive minutes during the whole performance." It was not necessary for Mr. Whitelaw to testify as to the irritancy of his faculties— McLeod had already gathered from his companion's mind was in a feverish and excitable condition. CHAPTER XII. When two pedestrians meet on a broad footpath, and dodge simultaneously in the same direction three or four times, before they solve the problem, and get past each other, they agree to smile and look foolish: but, when two persons collide violently, through striving to hurry round the same corner from opposite directions, they do not agree, and they both don't smile. The one who gets the best of the encounter certainly cannot restrain some outward and visible signs of the satisfaction within, as he apologises for the accident which was really not due to his carelessness, but the one who gets the worst of it—especially if he gets that worst somewhere about the region of the stomach—accepts the apology with doubtful grace, carries his stomach-ache away in both hands, and, for an hour or two afterwards, wears the impression of a man who has an unremedied grievance. If he be a business man, he probably goes to his office, hunts out blot and microscopic errors, vilifies his clerks—might even insult someone, come to blows and a law suit, offends the Magistrate, and gets imprisoned for contempt of court—all through rushing round a corner. People should be very careful how they negotiate street corners. More collisions of this class occur in the early morning than later in the day, simply because, there being but few people about, the danger seems minimized, and pedestrians are less cautious. It was about six o'clock on Friday morning—the day succeeding the advent of Jean Laportré—that a tall man came hurrying down Collins-street, past the Victoria Coffee Palace, towards the Town Hall corner. At the same time a short man stepped briskly down Swanston- street, towards the same spot. The tall man's eyes were fixed meditatively on the sky, the other's on the flags, and as the small but mischievous paper boy at the opposite angle fondly hoped these two men made each others' acquaintance in a sudden and unceremonious manner at the Town hall corner. The short man's shoulder fitted into the pit of the tall one's stomach, with a force that sent him staggering backwards venting an exclamation, which has not yet been dictionaried, but which is very familiar to the ears of those who go down to the sea in ships. The little man stopped, and by a supreme effort checking an inclination to join the small boy's laughter, viewed his unfortunate victim with palpably insincere commiseration, and apologised. "Pardon ! I am sorry that I should run into you; I hope it is not much hurt ?" The other turned with an angry scowl, and shook his fist. " Confound you for a frog-eating French ass. Why don't you look where you are going, you fool ? I'd punch your infernal head for two pins." "Very good!" came the reply, with a shrug, but not the slightest discomposure. You also should look where you go ; I am sorry that I make the apology, and I shall tell you, you are a, bully, and it shall be a man who can punch the head of Jean Laportré." The defiant confidence of the attitude, which accompanied, the last sentence, so exasperated the bigger man, that he sprang forward and aimed a vicious blow at the ugly little face of the speaker. But, strange to say, here was a Frenchman who could use his fists. The right arm came up to guard, as firm as a bar of iron ; the left, at the same instant went straight out like the spring of a steel trap, and struck the bully between the eyes. Then, as the latter was wondering about all those stars which shot across the vision, the Frenchman's right fist struck him beneath the ear, and he went down like a log. Glancing quickly, up and down the street, to make sure that there were no police about for it would not suit his plans to be engaged in Court proceedings just then, Laportré leaned over his fallen antagonist. " Do you want the satisfaction my friend ? I have some more left yet." But a surly look was the only answer elicited by this considerate question, and as the prostrate one's demeanour was not suggestive of very intensed longings after further satisfaction, the little man continued his journey at a pace equal to the necessity of making up for lost time. The other man's-troubles were not so readily remedied. It seems he was subject to epileptic fits, one of which seized him immediately after the Frenchman's departure, and he lay on the footpath writhing in the convulsions peculiar to the disease, until a good Samaritan got him removed to an adjacent hotel, where he was soon brought round. An envelope which he dropped, or which escaped from his pocket whilst he lay on on the footpath was inscribed, " James Murdock, Esq., Grocer, Collingwood." George McLeod had intimated to Mr. Whitelaw, on the night preceding the above incidents, that he believed Laportré meant work; and this early-morning excursion by the Frenchman would seem to portend a fulfilment of that prognostication. Let us follow his movements for a space. Turning down Flinder's street he crosses the Fall's Bridge, and takes the lower Sandridge, or New Port Road. We at once predict his intention of visiting Happy Pascoe, and our conceit is soon gratified by seeing him stop at the door of the hut on the sands. He does not keep us waiting long here—he merely tries to get some further particulars from the boatman anent the man and woman before referred to, but is not successful. The man wore a dark- blue, or black suit, with a cap; and the woman a white hat—that is all Pascoe knows about them, and he thinks the murder business is causing " some foods sure 'nough." On leaving Pascoe, Jean Leportré consults his watch, and then strikes across the New Port Railway line, and also across the upper, or main New Port road, finally, by as direct a route as possible, reaching the South Melbourne railway station. It is quite evident that Melbourne and its suburbs are not unknown to him. Thence, after five minutes waiting for the train, he proceeds to St.Kilda, and once more our far-seeing faculties enable us to foretell he is going to interview Adam Klein, the Dutchman. The Dutchman is down at the wood depot. He has a log on the frame, which he is sawing into foot-lengths with the doggedly persistent, but slow, movements natural to his countrymen, and for some seconds he does not notice the detective who stands behind him. Presently one foot-length falls and stooping to pick it up, Klein becomes aware of other's presence; and relinquishing his intention respecting the wood, he slowly reassumes an upright position, and turns upon the intruder. "Vell den, py grashers! I don'd heard you anyhow. Uf yo vas vore some broken boots, und don'd come creep pefore mine back, like dot ghosts, I vas made dot ockwaintance py you yoost now. Vhat's dot you vant mit Adam Klein, anywaze? Vant some uoods und some nice coals ain'd ut ? " " I vant not to buy wood, or coal, or any thing else my friend; I just want a few minutes—" "Giminelty ! you don'd vant some voods, und coals, und some noddings else also! I shpose you vant to blay some questions py me, eh ?—-you vant to find doit shtreet; or you vas insure mine lifes; or breehaps you got a leedle book or somedings, ain'd ut? Vell den, I told you yoost shtraighdt; efery pody vat comes along, blay some confidences py me, und I don'd can make ut oudt vhat you vant mit Adam Klein, und I don'd vant to make ut oudt ! Might po you vas der guffner mit a knife powder ; or der Duke uf Vales mit a oindtmendt to der Queen ; or der Beeshop up Melbourne mit a shtarvin vidow; but I don'd care uf you vas old Beesmark himself mit his foot on der flower of der French Republic, if you don'd vant some voods, und some coals, dots besser— hulloa !—By grashus !—Ha, ha, ha, ! Vell den, when I got me a good shquare look mit your face, you nefer in mine lifes saw some peoples so much like a dogs. Giminelty! Der vas eyes, und mouth, und some prick- ears neider ! Yoost der sam1 py mine dawg Kaiser ,—I beeleef uf I vas giff you piece uf meadt, you vas vag py der tail, eh ? " This French detective is a character!— their can be no doubt of it! We have been told that he is clever, energetic, untiring ; we have seen that he is strong and corageous ; and now we discover that he possessed the patience of Job. Few men could submit to Adam Klein's offensive criticisms, without remonstrance more or less vehement, but Jean Laportré can. He simply smiled, and acknowledges the Dutchman's compliments with a shrug and a bow (not a bow-bow, as Klein might have anticipated). "Look you, Mr. Klein: you know the gentleman, Mr. Mcleod " "I am proud mit dot ocwaindance py Mr. MvLeod! " " Well then, he has engaged me as a detective, and has sent me to you to make some inquires. You will be kind, and give to me a description of your sweetheart and the man who went out with her on the night of Stephen Heydon's murder. Already I know the man's name (Jim Murdock), and his address ; but I want that you shall tell to me about the clothes they both wore that night!" The mention of George McLeod's name, and the word "detective,'' had the desired effect on Adam Klein. Although he is not now in McLeod's employ, that short-lived connection having ceased with the discovery of the boatman, he has still a great respect for the man who so munificiently remunerated him for walking about in search of Happy Pascoe, and is accordingly ready enough to answer the Frenchman's questions. He explained, that on the night in question, Jim Murdock had worn a dark- blue suit, and, he thought, a cap; but he was not sure about the cap, Lizzie, his lost, or rather stolen love, had on a dress and jacket of some dark material, and a red woolen cap. He was quite certain as to its being a red cap, and not a light-colored hat. He had often before seen her wearing the same cap when out walking at night. Murdock was in poor circumstances at that time, being engaged as an oyster opener at a saloon in Elizabeth-street. He was now a grocer in a large way, and he, Klein, has been often puzzled in mind concerning the sudden improvement in the circumstances of his successful rival, which improvement became first apparent shortly after his marriage to Lizzie, a few weeks subsequent to the murder. He could not be positive, because there were a number of trees which threw dark shadows about the landing, but when Murdock and Lizzie left Brander's Ferry they appeared to turn down the river towards the spot where the murder was committed. Unable to gather from, Klein any further information tending to promote the object of his inquiries, Jean Laportré returns to Melbourne, and visits the morgue. During the half hour we have to wait here, he is fortunate in finding the officer who was in charge when Steven Heydon's body was brought in; and he learns from this official that no valuables of any description were upon the deceased; that one of the murdered man's pockets was found turned inside out; that no pocket book or letters were to be found ; and that, until the arrival of his brother, George Heydon, from England, there had been no clue to identification except the name on his pocket handkerchief. No, there had been no weapon discovered, but according to medical testimony, the instrument used by the assassin must have been a very long and narrow one. This is all the information which can be extracted from the morgue people. Jean Laportré is uncommon in a way, but like all human beings, he is subservient to the rule of one arbitrary dictator—appetite ; so entering a restaurant, he will breakfast before proceeding to Collingwood. Facing the main street in Collingwood, there is a grocer's shop of considerable demensions, the front of which is set off by a sign board informing those interested that the said shop is the property of one James Murdock ; and about eleven o'clock, or half an-hour after finishing his breakfast Jean Laportré alights from a tram car, enters this shop, and is at once given in to custody of a policeman on a charge of assault and battery. The facts are, that James Murdock had this morning laid an information at the police offices, against some individual, name unknown, who had first rushed against him violently, and then belabored him with his fists. Later on an officer was despatched to Murdock's abode to get further particulars of the brutal assault, and he is thus engaged in the shop, when the offending Laportré walks straight into his clutches. The Frenchman has undertaken this journey to Collingwood for the purpose of interviewing Mr. and Mrs. Murdock, little dreaming that he was about to visit his antagonist of the early morning; but although inwardly chagrined at the ignominious result of his plans, he is too well versed legal matters to remonstrate, and returns to the city a captive. He will doubtless explain matters to the proper authorities, but having accorded him our society during the mornings vagaries, we will now leave him to his fate—we draw the line at lock-ups. 