AMERICAN NOTES. Miss A. J. Cook, of Philadelphia, has been elected a member of the Incorporated Society of Authors (England), of which Lord Tennyson is president and Mr. Walter Besant cnairman. Miss Frances Willard regards the planting of scientific temperance education in the public Bohools of the United States as the grandest achievement yet effected by the temperance crusaders. To have well-nigh twelve million children daily taught the effects of alcoholic liquors and tobacco on the human system is, she considers, a work which cannot fail to have far- reaohing effects on future generations. Misß Ellen E. Eenyon, of Brooklyn, is prin cipal of a primary department in a public school, and has 500 children in her charge. She is an earnest student of Herbert Spencer and writes on metaphysics and mental science. At the same time she is an enthusiast in her own particular profession, and has published an admirable little book called " The Coming Bohool." Miss Kenyon was one of the ladies who recently received the degree of Master of Pedagogy at the New York University. Mrs. Diaz, wife of the President of the Mexican Republic, will probably be appointed at the head of the committee of women repre senting the women of that Republic in connec tion with the exhibition at Chicago. Miss Alice C. Fletcher and Miss Zelia Nuttall are devoting their energies to collecting valuable information concerning the Indian tribes of the United Btates and Canada. A collection of war bonnets, dresses, and accoutrements worn by the Indians during burial ceremonies, at their ghost dances, and at the religious ceremonies will form one of the most carious features of that section of the World's Fair. Mrs. Augusta Presoott, according to an Ame rican paper, is one of the few women journalists who have achieved quick success. In one year Mrs. Prescott has risen from obscurity to an acknowledged position in the profession. Her first work was done on a woman's paper in New York. Mrs. Prescott did all the drudgery on this paper, became ill from overwork, and was forced to go to a hospital. On her reco very she went to the New York World and was made editor of the woman's page of the Sunday paper. When Colonel Cockerill left the World and started the Advertiser on the ruins of the Continent he offered a position to Mrs. Prescott, which she accepted and now holds. She is a most capable worker, and is conversant with the mysteries of editing and making up. She is, moreover, a bright and trenchant writer and a vivacious correspondent. 