Sobering Electors They have determined to close the public houses in Now South Wales during the hours of polling for parlia mentary elections. There polling be gins at 9 and closes at 5. Are then that drouthy element, not an un important one either, which couples the exercise oE the franchise with the imbibition of generous suction as absolutely as the senior member for Toowoomba couples politics and the gospel, to wander for eight hours about the streets or around the booths like naked, wandering, melancholy ghosts on the Stygian strand ? liy no means. Were such an arbitrary act attempted, the shearing insurrection would not be a circumstance to the revolt of tho people that would mark the occurrence of the next appeal to them. The hotel keepers will be allowed, as heretofore, to supply liquor to ' hona Jith travellers,' with bhe simple difference that the ' refreshment' must not be consumed on the premises. Tt will be hard lines indued if every polling place in the colony cannot produce at least one hona fide traveller — one who has journeyed three miles — and as no limit is put to the amount of liquor the man of howi fides may purchase, provided always it be not consumed on the premises, the rest is easy Who cannot in his mind's eye picture the thirsty ones pooling their silver into the h it of tho honn fide one — utter they have secured him — ind despatching him to the neirest pub ? He may be strong enough to execute tho commission by himself, but if not, plenty of hands will be ready and willing to assist. The consig'imcnf; j having been duly deposited under the shade of some lofty build'ng or umbra geous tree, nothing remains but to negotiate it, and t'lis must be attended to at- ouce. Must, we -repeat, beeausn who is to look after it, otherwise ? A big crowd naturally gathers round such an attraction, and as the first disposi hmn nvftflnnpfl Viv f.hn nnvinns: r-vpn.t,nvp- which biteth like a serpent and stingeth like an adder is to jovialitv and j hospitality, it is safe -to wager that the I anlookers will be invited to partake to a man. Ai this kind of thing — open air bilarity, the cup that cheers id fresco, — is catching in the extreme, there is an absolute certainty that very many, who would never have dreamt of entering a public house, will be found partakers in the improvised picnic, and that this shortsighted attempt to make electors sober by Act of Parliament will only make them drunker than ever. But the worst feature of the measure is yet to be considered. The hotels are not to be closed until the polling begins — at 9 o'clock. What will tho average voter, who has been accustomed throughout life to make polling day one of spirituous indulgence, do ? What doss the camel do before facing tho desert? Fill up at the lait spring, to bo sure. The free and indifferent will fill up during tho last hour, when, had the hour noS been the last, he would probably have waited until he had recorded his vote, at least. The con sequence is he will exercise the franchise in a state more or Ies3 muddled, and hav ing started early will keep it up late. It is well that the New South Wales Parliament rejected any such compila tion in voting as the system proposed by Sir Samuel Griffith, for the ' Representation of the People Bill' ia likely to make voting of the simplest ordpr complex enough for the voters. Yet again, taking its 'moral aspect, this well intentioned closure is instinct with peculiar temptations towards law breaking and corruption. Wo have spoken of the electors finding hona fide travellers for tho purpose, but will this not become the peculiar province of the candidates ? Can Smith, the candidate, abide the sight of ;so many votes picnicking at what he shrewdly suspects to be tho expense of his rival Jone.t ? Or will Brown, the publican, resist the entreaties of the Ministerialist to open the .badc-dobr when assured that the' knight of thfi spigot over the way has succumbed to the seductions of the Opuosiii -n enndidato? Is it human niituri! that they should9 No; while aluoholic comfort remains a desideratum, the free anil independent must and i ill have it. Sunday is nn ex ceerlinirly quiet day, when the streets are eomp trativ(-ly empty and the police have therefore the lesi trouble in watching them. Yet the law has prohibited sale of liquor on Sundays for muny years, with the result that the prohibition has ever been a dead letter. How can it be 'enforced when all tbo world has gathered in the towns and villages in quest of excitement? But, all the same, the publican who breaks the law, and the hona fide who evades it, cannot do either without conscious demoralisation, without a tendency to commit acts of similar or greater culpability again. The more we make laws that need not be kept- and that will not bo kept, the more we legislate towards demora lisation and crime. Though the break or evasion of the law be no positivo crime in itself, the infraction attunes the mind to things less venial. It is dangerous to touch moral pitch, even with the best intentions, so long as you know that it is real pitch you aro touching, even although Parliament had no business to put it there. Parlia ment in this case has blundered through tho very weak grasp it has of human nature, through its ignorance of tho truth expressed in Latin over twenty centuries ago : jWitimur in vetltimi semper cupimusqiie ne.pnta — we hanker after the forbidden and ever desire the things which are denied. By making entry to bars during polling hours vetitum, and their contents negata, the New South Wales Legislature has filled human nature with a burning desire to accomplish these things, and we back human nature against any legislature in the world. 