CORRESPONDENCE. Bushman.— To cure rabbit skins : Lay the skin on a smooth board, the fur side undermost, aim fasten t dowii with tinned tacks. Wash it over first with a solution of salt ; then dissolve 2 4 oz. of alum in 1 pint of warm water, and with a sponge dipped in tbis solution moisten the surface all over; repeat this every now and then for three days ; when the skin is quite dry, take out the tacks, and rolling it loosely the long way, the hair inside, draw it quickly backwards and forwards through a large smooth ring until it is quite soft ; then roll it in the con trary way of the skin, and ropeat the operation. Skins prepared thus aro useful for mauy domestic purposes. Music.— The musical vibrations per second are, for E above the G clef 640, D 576, C 512, B 480, A 420, G 384, F 340, E below, 320. The whistling of the wind from a picket fence is caused by vibrations in the air, produced by interrupting its even flow, whether by pickets, trees, or telegraph wires. Kamva.— The prospects of tho Mount Wills tin field are considered good. Articles on the subject have been published recently. Until the mines are more opened up there is not likely to be a large de mand for labor. W.C., Brighton.— 1. Perpetual motion is one of those problems which maybe described as insoluble in any practical sense. We are not aware that any prize has ever been offered for its discovery. 2. A patent in Victoria has effect for 14 years from its date. The fees are set forth in tho schedule to the amended act passed in the session of 1889, and amount altogether to about £10. Echuca.— Provision is mado for the provisional protection of an invention. See Patent Act 1889, or summary given in The Age Annual . Stamps. — You had better address your inquiries to the Philatelic Journal in Sydney. Novice.— The prescribed costume for a bride groom is not a dress suit, but frock coat with light trousere. Gerang.— The dispute over tho boundary ques tion with South Australia arises from the conten tion that in the light of late scientific knowledgo the 141th deg. meridian lies further east than was lieUl to be the case when the line of division was surveyed. On this reasoning South Australia claims nn area heretofore Included in Victoria. Serviceton is in the disputed;territory, on the original boundary line. Tragowel.— Messrs. Cook and Son arrange weekly excursions to Mildura, but no arrangement has been made in connection with the fanners' train from Melbourne to Herang on the 16th inst. Kew.— There have been several debates on the subject. You can obtain all information from the Bible in State Schools League. F.M.— The most expensive legislature in the world is that of France, which costs annually about £700,000. S.S.— The farthest point northward ever reached by Arctic explorers Is 83.28 deg., which was touched by the members of the Greely party in 1882. Naturalist.— The kiwi, or apteryx, is a New Zea land . bird of the wingless description, like the ostrich, emu and cassowary. The existing species fall far short of the cassowaries in size never exceeding a height of 2 feet but they are the most absolutely unbirdlike of living birds, haviug lost almost every trace of the flying habit and all that is implied in it. To look an they seem like great balls of fluff. Their wings (writes one authority) are reduced to mere abortive relics, and are so very small that when you hunt close for them you cannot find them without resorting to strong measures, and cutting up the bird to prove their existence. The plumage is wiry, much more closely resembling bair than feathers ; it covers the body like a coat of thatch and the whole aspect of the black, uncanny creature strangely recalls the ghost like shape of many nocturnal forestine mammals, for the kiwis are essentially prowlers by night, of timid habits and reserveddisposition. They UveeDtirelyonalightreiri- men of earthworms, which they grub up out of the ground with ceaseless effort and their long bills and they can run as fast as most others of their family No less than four distinct species of these extra ordinary creatures live side hy side to-day in New Zealand, where they move about like spectres in the dim twilight, hunting for food with their beaked snouts among the ferns and mosses. W n.LiAMSTOWN.— The total railway mileage of the United States is now more than 167,000. Stoker.—' The rate of wages on the English rail- ways is considerably higher than on the Continental lines. Here are a few examples given by a recent writer on the subject In Great Britain an enginednver does nob earn less than 6s. a day on no Continental line does ho receive wore than os a day ; so it is with tho firemen, tho Continental wages leave off where ours begin. The wages of our guards rango from a guinea to £2 a week, those of the Dutch guaTds from 13s. to a guinea. In Germany the range is from 16s. to 26s.; in Belgium the guard is made more of, and his wages rango from IBs. 6d. to 34s.; and in France he may even rise to 3ds 6d. Our signalmen are paid from 18s. to 30s a week ; the French signalmen are paid better the range being from 18s. 6d. to 32s.; but the German signalmen never rise above 23s. a week, the Dutch never above 22s. and tho Belgian begins at 12s. and leaves off! at 17s. 6d. Oar potters arc paid from 15s. to 24s. a week ; those on tho Continent begin at 13s. am! rise to 20s. The wngos of our shunters rise to 26s., in Holland they stop at 22s., in Franco at 17s. A Dutch platelayer gets from 12s. to Ma. a week, the German from 12s. 8d. to 14s. 6d., an Englishman from 15s. to 23s.' . Hexham.— Only the wives, widows and daughters of railway servants are eligible for the position of ROueutMorrice writes I— I see instated that at the opening of the IVatts River aqueduct on the 16th February, tho name of the now well known river is to he changed to the # aboriginal name, Maroomlnb. It is asserted also that the clear stream was called tho Watts from a person of that name having been drowned thorein. Now, as this is wholly untrue, I may . as well, from personal knowledgo, give the correct account. In . the year 1838, or perhaps the latter part of 1837, atts was engaged by tho two Byrfes, Sydney squatters, to accompany them with their flocks and nerds and convict servants over to this "new country " of Port Fhillip. Watts being an experienced, bush- man, was directed as his day's task to nde on ahead, and endeavor to find water to camp for the evening. Coming along under the foot of the Alps be came upon the river for the last half century called bv hi name. Watts eventually lost his life whilst breakiug in wild horses ; and his son falling from a tree from which he was taking a bird's nest, was picked up dead by tho shepherds. A.K.— The recent American census, conducted by the Government, gave to New York a population of 1,513,501. Great dissatisfaction was expressed in New York at this result, and tho city polico con ducted a census which showed a population of 1,710,71b, or 197,214 over tho Government census. From what is known of muuicipal administration in New York it is probable that neither of theseresults is trustworthy. . ' - Clerk.— Yes; the Midland Railway Company have made it a condition of service in the goous department that clerks entering after the date of the resolution on the subject shall acquire the know ledgo oi shorthand. No system is mentioned. 