INTERCOLONIAL COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. Melbourne. November 27. A woman about fifty-nine years of age, and ■ tuppoBod to be the widow of a cooper named Davis, threw herself in front of the locomotive •f a speoial train this morning about three miles on the Melbourne side of Sydenham. She was hilled instantaneously. A collision occurred at Tooborac, on the Uorth-Western line, this morning between the 7.50 o'clock mixed train from Wallan to Bendigo and the 7 o'clock goods train from | Bendigo to Wallan. The goods train had ! reached Tooborac, and the engine had left it for shunting pnrpoBes when the mixed train appeared and dashed into the stationary carnages, regardless, it is asserted, of a danger signal. Several passengers received a shook, the principal BuSerer being Mr. Macveigh, an Inspector of the Permanent Way. He was, however, able to supervise the removal of the debris by 3 o'clock. After an interview with the liquidator of Wright & Edwards, Limited, to-day, the Bail way Commissioners decided to determine the existing contracts with that firm for the con struction of rolling-stock. The Commissioners will take possession of the material on tlio firm's premises, and invite tenders for the com- ; pletion of the carriages and trucks ordered. The Commissioners having found it cheaper to import coal from Newcastle to Melbourne, and to convey it to where it may be needed than to pay freight from the collieries at Lithgow and Wodonga, have given orders that no more fuel is to be delivered at Wodonga from the col lieries in Now South Wales. The Commissioner of Trado and Customs has adopted the plans of Mr. A. Wilson, Engineer of Ports and Harbours, for the raising of the sunken vessel Cape Verde. Heproposes 1< lighter tho 1,200 tons of cargo still in the vessel to remove the banks of sand in which she. wedged, and then to float ber by pumping An inquest was held to-day on the body of Mary Julia Conway, who died from tho effects «f a wound inflicted on Tuesday evening by Louisa Dennis, who was present in custody. The Jury returned a verdict of " wilful murder." Louisa Dennis was committed for trial. Melbourne, November 2!). The President of the Legislative Council yesterday issued a writ for tho elee'ion of a member for the North-Westem Province, in place of tho late Mr. G. Young. The day up to which nominations may be made is Decem ber 8, and the polling has been fixed for December 19. Saturday being St. Andrew's Day was celebrated by the Caledonian Society of Mel bourne by a concert in the Town Hall in the evening; the building was filled. The programme was entirely Scottish, tho selec tions being gone through most successfully. The Rev. Father Brennan, B.A., one of the Professors at the Holy Ghost College, died at Ballarat yesterday after a lingering illness. Mr. John Baptist Zerbini died at his residence, North Carlton, yesterday, aged fifty-two. Ho had been indisposed for a few days by a severe cold, but the illness was not of a character to cause anxiety. He suffered from weakness of the heart, and at about !) o'clock yesterday morning that organ became ruptured during a lit of coughing, resulting in immediate death. Mr. Zerbini was a noted musician, having been for many yoars one of tho mem bers of a celebrated quartet at the London Popular Concerts, liis associates being Messrs. Joachim, Ries, and Piatti. Arriving in Mel bourne about six years ago ho founded the Zerbini Quartet, and was a most valued member of tho Victorian Orchestra as origi nally constituted. Among the positions ho filled at the time of his death was that of organist at St. Francis's Roman Catholic Chnreh. He leaves a widow. Shortly before last midnight a widow named Merander, postmistress at Pettave], about eight miles from Geelong, was suddenly startled by a man stepping into her sitting room. Replying to her challenge, he said lie wanted money, and asked—" Where do you keep the swag?" She re plied that she had no money, and ordered him to leave, when ho attacked her. She straggled and escaped to the kitchen. He followed and violently assaulted her, stun ning her b y blows on the head. When she came to she was lying on the floor greatly ex hausted and in a terribly nervous state. She found that tho house hod been ransacked and £4 in easb stolen. Shestates that she screamed, but that her nearest neighbour lived half a mile away. This morning she was in an ex tremely nervous state, and almost frenzied through fear. Though the ruffian escaped she was able to describe him. For the present the difficulty between the Woolbnyers and Woolseliers' Associations has been nettled on a basis of mutual compromise. A conference of representatives of both bodies was held yesterday, when it was decided _ to tentatively adopt a somewhat modified version of the requests preferred by the woolbuyors. In order that the effects of the new regulations might be thoroughly tested before tho question of their final adoption was definitely settled, for the present the new rules relating to dis puted bids and advances on bids will come into effect in the sales, though the printed condi tions will not be altered. The Question of a ventral saleroom has been advanced K'stage by the promise that it will meet with tho favourable consideration of the sellere. His Honor the Chief J ustice yesterday passed sentence op George Giles and George Thomp son, who had been found guilty of conspiring to sicure the conviction of Edward Bell for burglary, Bell having on their evidence been sentenced to four years' imprisonment. His Honor took into consideration the fact that Thompson had a wife and children, and also tho fact that Giles had confessed to the con spiracy. He sentenced Giles to two years' imprisonment with hard labour, cumulative on -the present sentence, and Thompson to four ■years' withhold labour. Melbourne, November 30. The Rev. Robert Hamilton, D.D., one of the oldest Presbyterian'clergymen of the colony, died .somewhat suddenly at his residence, East Melbourne, this morning. He had been con fined to his bed for a few days, bnt left- his room on Friday and Saturday. On the latter day, however, he again had to take to hod. This morninghe was seized with an apoplectic fit during a brief absence of his daughter from the room. On her return she found her father dead. The deceased was born in Scotland in J813, and was educated for the ministry. He liad a charge in .Dumfriesshire until 1801, mid arrived in Victoria in September of that year. He was -appointed to the charge of the United Presbyterian Church at Napier-street, Fitzro-y, in February, 1852, a position which he held till .1883. The deceased clergyman was itio Moderator of the General Assembly in 1877-8, and bad been for forty-fonr years in active ministerial woric. He leaves a son and two daughters. Tho three intercolonial eight-oar crews wore entertained by the Mayor to-day. The Minister of Customs to-day granted per mission to the-Japanese war-vessel Higia to anchor in Hobson's Bay, At a special meeting of the Harbour Trust to day Mr. AfidrcwMpEuchara was appointed fourth Assistant Harbounuaster from fotfcv seven applicant.. Morta are being made to arrange a match between the English Eleven and eighteen local junior cricketers to tsks place sozne time in January. James Melvitte Symonds was to day com i" Mr j' ,on a c'iarS° of stealingacheaoe for £35 mid other moneys the uropertv of Her Majesty the Queen. The abused was the accountant of the taw Department. The result of a special audit shows a deficiency in I his accounts of £558. J I . A gathering of business men to-day I inspected the new promises of the Mutual .,r^T on ir the old building destroyed last New Years Day. The building is one of the handsomest and most convenient of Mel bourne business .premises, and a monument of the energy of the Mutual Store, Limited. The structure cost nearly £70,000. In aU probability the Chief Secretary will ap point a Board to enquire into the conduct of the I police concerned in the case of Edward Bell who was wrongfully convicted for burglary. o l*r° rece*vti as compensation. j Mary's Roman Catholic Church at West Melbourne was forcibly entered last night, I "nree poor-boxes were broken open and the money in them extracted, A fourth box was earned away, and afterwards found in a street broken open. In answer to a writ of habeas corpus Phillip AVirth, of ^ irth's Circus, attended to-day ' before Mr. «Tustico Molosworth to show cause ' why he should pot hand to the custody of his mother the child Herbert Warren, aged nine years, an acrobat. His Honor in delivering judgment said that the mother was entitled to the possession of her child notwithstanding the agreement she had made. Mr. Wirth was ordered to pay costs. The child was then handed to the mother, but strenuously resisted being taken from Mr. Wjrth. ' Alfred Mayo, the lad recently shot in tho head, is still doing well at tbo Alfred Hospital, where two leaden shot were extracted from the I wound to-day. The charge was one of rabbit shot, not a bullet as was at first stated, iho boys father has counted over fifty shotmarks on the ceiling and wall of the room where the accident occurred. There is no doubt that some pellets are still at the buck of the head, as a hole has been made through tho brain to tho back of tho skull. The lad has taken some nourishment and sleeps well. He also readily answers questions. The doctors still think ho cannot recover. . report of the Auditor of the South Melbourne Building Society's accounts shows that parkin's defalcations amount to about £13,000, whilst there is a deficiency of about £8,00(1 on the transactions for tbo half-year. . . Melbourne, December 1, „ Commissioner of Customs has decided I to call for tendc-rs lor raising tho cargo of the sunken Vessel Cape Verde. The English cricketers left for Sydney by to-day s express, the Earl of Sheffield going by sea per the Adelaide. 1 Mr. Munro is considering tho question of I issuing two or three years' Treasury bills bearing interest at -£}. or -11 per cent. A fire occurred this morning at the carriage factory of Warner Brothers, Ceelong, destroy ing piojierty valued at £2,700. The stock was insured for £2,300, and tho building for £500. An important announcement will bo made I to-morrow morning throughout the service of) the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Com pany, Limited. The falling oif in tho receipts J.as rendered a reduction of salaries and wa<*es absolutely necessary, although it is hoped that the former rates may soon be resumed. Tho Directors notice is to the effect that all salaries will be reduced on a sliding scale, the reduc tions m salaries paid monthly to take effect from this date, and on those paid weekly from ■ next pay-day. The Directors are to submit to the same reduction as the employes. The total reduction will amount to about £11,000 per annum. _ Melbourne, Decombcr 2. The report of the Board for the Protection 1 of Aborigines presented to Parliament to-dav I shows tho total number of aborigines and half castes w-ho resided at the different stations during the year as 331. During that period I J24 half-castes had left the stations under the Act for merging them with the general popu lation, and^ were said to be endeavouring to earn ! their own living, with some assistance from the. board. A number of half-casto families who I ii ,BCtec* 'and, with help, had done very well. The returns from tho station showed a total decrease of sixteen during the year. Negotiations for some time past have been in - active progress between tho principal mines on the Barrier and the Broken liill Water Supply Company, Stephens Creek, with reference to bunging water from the Darling. The circumstances now point to a probability of an arrangement being made whereby Oie work can be undertaken by the Broken Hill Water Supply Company, llio committee appointed by the associated mines have found tnat uiany legal difficulties exist against the Companies undertaking the work themselves, and that the cost, if carried out by the Water Supply Company, would not exceed an estimated sum of £150,000, whereas a direct supply would cost more than °,°™f t'lat 6um- The Water Company assert that they can supply the water to Broken Hill within twelve months. 1 A sensational accident happened last night at Mr. (reorge Mausell's Comet Mine, Redan Hill, causing the destruction of mining machinery to an extent hitherto unapproached in tho history of Bendigo. The occurrence uas rendered all tho more remarkable by the miraculous escape from death of the eneine-' driver, .Tames Ross. The shaft is 1,500 feet •iP\\-ani 1®^® last night was engaged in baling the shaft by means of large iron tanks. The engine was going at full speed, when suddenly there was a breakage, and in an instant the engine-shed was full of pieces of Hying metal. Immense pieces of iron and brass, some weighing upwards of a hundred weight, were hurled all round Ross, various articles near him being dashed to pieces. Blocks of metal tore through the walls, floor, aud roof, and the whole place was wrecked The noise alarmed the neighbourhood. Ross rushed to apply the brake to a drum which was revolving with terrible velocity, but the brake had carried away, and he then rushed to cut off the steam. An examination showed that the point of tho fracture was in the drum j shaft, a massive circular shaft of wrought'iron One of the drums was broken into hundreds of I fragments. One piece of iron dashed through two walls and knocked a hole in a feed boiler outside; 3,500 ft. of rope and two tanks went down the shaft. Had the main steampipe I under which Ross was standing been struck ho ! must have been scalded to death. 