THE OLD 'UN'S NOTE-BOOR « CARBINE AND HIS CUP CHANCE. On the. Training Track. TUB EPSOM AND MKTBOP. Selections for Tattorsalls'. Carbine is tho object of greater interest at the present time to the vast majority of people in Australia than all the orowned heads of Europe put together. Tele grams giving minute accounts of the tfwtaf. linpflo'a PAnHitiflTi Rrfl rfiltd With. avidity, and every scrap of news obtain able about Mr. Wallace's crack is eagerly sought. Probably Carbine has already been backed for more public money for the Melbourne Cup than any horse in the race. Ho has been coupled iu thousands of little doubles with tho prospective winners of tho Caulfiokl Cup and V.B.C. Derby. I'll guarantee every "silver doiiblo" book in Sydney has laid him more timesthan any other horse. Although I could not overlook his chance, even with lOst 121b, I repeatedly warned people not to back him until tho day of the race. It is simply madness to take 10 to 1 about him whon perhaps two or three points less could have been obtained on the actual day. Now ho is at 100 to 5, with a prospect of seeing even longer odds. If ho goes to 100 to 8 I'll have a bit on for luck. I'm rather fond of lame 'una, Bravo and Sheet Anchor, to wit, and Arsenal was not regarded as tho soundest of the sound. If a man wants to back Carbine, let him do so when ho figures at long odds, for he won't have any more risk to run than his backers at 10 to 1. Many people think it would be impossible for Carbine, even if as well as he was last year, to win tho Cup with lOst 121b. He has not got an ounce too much weight. I saw tho race last year, and un hesitatingly assort, all assertions to tho contrary notwithstanding, that on that particular day ho could havo won quite as easily with the weight he has this year. How any man who saw the race can Bay . Carbine did not win very easily I am at loss to imagine. It's sheer prejudice on tho part of people who wouldn't give him a ghost of a show with lOst 51b. When a horse comes right away from the entrance to the straight at Melbourne, and settles the pretensions of a field of 39 — I believe that was tho number — in a few Btrides, and wins by two or threo lengths at least, even if he is going his best all the way, ho mqst have won easily. I should like ito see him at tho post even with lOst 12tb, and I hope Mr. Wallace will have that pleasure. Now I am on tho Cup subject I may say there has not been such a chance for a three-year-old popping up as the doublo winner for some years. The three-year- olds are, taken all round, a real good lot, far better than when The Admiral got homo last year. The Y.R.C. Derby promises to bo an unusually interesting event, and tlio winner will have to be a good one. That being so be will shake the Cup. Our trainers are bustling their charges along at Randwick in anticipation of tho A.J.C. spring and Hawkesbury meetings next month. Tho horses in work are numerous, and some of them not worth their keep. They have about as much chance of winning in good company as a tortoise would have with a greyhound. Payten's formidable team aro all striding along well, and his stable will be worth watching both at the A.J.C. and V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Although Tom Payten has good material to work upon, still he must be an excellent trainer to-bring about such good results. It is a heavy task for one man to have three promising Derby colts in his care, .and they will cost him many an anxious hour before the Y.R.C. Derby is decided. Kolso has a large string of horses,, but ho seems to manage them comfortably. There are few men know their business better than Kelso, and tho master of Orvillo must havo made a nice little pile ere this. He does not make many mistakes, and places horses better than any man I know. He is not only a good judge of what his own horses can do, but also sums up correctly what chances other trainers charges have. This is nearly as useful as knowing what his own horses can do; at any rate it is a great assistance in gauging their merits. A vastly improved horse is King Olaf, who bounds over the ground like a two-year-old. He is a splendid-look ing horse and a good ono. Mick Q uirk says he shall have a cut at tho wcight-for-ago races, and it 6hould pay him to do so. Lamond lias several fair horses' under his care, and Monaghan has that clinker, Marvel, who never looked better. Oxide is doing a rattling preparation>and I know a very cute trainer who has backed Oxide and Meios for tho double. He might have done a good deal worse, for the latter is very well. Stromboli, the Derby favorite, is aa well as could be "wished, and is not Doing hurried in his preparation. If ho runs for tho A.J.C. Derby I should not think much of it if he was defeated. He will be nearer cherry-ripe by the end of October. \- Bungebah is tearing along like a hare, and must bo hard to boat in the Epsom Handicap. Corvette is doing well, and she will bo handy over 'the milo. Of the now -candidates for hurdle honors Cobar . seems to take kindly to his work, . and if he runs true to-day he should luevo a big chanco in the Hurdle Race. 0£ the New Zealand horses I fancy Medallion will prove the best, and in the Spring Handicap he should have a chance with 9st. Centaur ia doing real good work, and so is Cre- morne, while Chatham has put in a use ful gallop or two. Betting on the Epsom Handicap and Metropolitan ia not vory brisk, and tho top weights, Bungobah and Highborn, aro most in demand. Oxonham is well sup ported for the mile, while Sunshiue and Corvette each havo followers. I hardly fancy Sir William will be dressed in hie beat at this meeting, and Caulfield or Melbourno may be his dart. Muriel is doing good work at Bathurst, and at 20 to 1 is worth an investment. At the present time 1 fancy the chances of Bongebah, Corvette, and Sunshine for tho mile, and Highborn, Muriel, and Yowi for the two- mile." ' Tattersall's Meeting takes place to-day at Randwick, and, with fino weather, thero should be a large gathering. Tho fields for the various events promise to bo large. Business will commence with the HURDLE RACE, for which the Bathurst mare Fog has top weight with list. ' This should stop her, although she is a real good maro. Ki Har ney, lOst 91b, has a big chance, And Maud, with 41b less, is in it. Singleton, Ktet, I like, and the chances of Cobar and Sove reign, with 9st 111b and 9st 91b. War&tah;, 9st 71b, lias been going to win for some time past, and of tho light weights Bella, if she will only jamp, has a big show. Tho placed horseB may be COBAR 1 Bhlla 2 kjLLARNEY 3 THE TRAMWAY HANDICAP has Victor Hugo at the head of the list" with 9st 31b, but the grey does not seem to care about galloping determinedly ou the track. Piecrust, 8st 61b, lias a chanco, and Marvelletto won so easily at Warwick Farm that it is difficult to know how good she is. Easy John, 7st 101b, will make the pace fast, and Moraine, 7st Gib, will run well. Oreinorno and Little Lady at 7Bt 4lb are a dangerous pair, more especially if the latter is. bettor than Marvollette. Alcides, 6st 41b, is the best of the light weights. If he will do in the race what . he can do on the track he will nearly win. Six furlongs is a mere flutter, aud the get off means everything. I will, however, go for the following — Maryelette or Alcidbs, provided the former starts in preference to Little Lady, aud Cremorno is a good placo investment. THE SELLING RACE. The Miner or Bosworth H. THE TWO-YEAR-OLD STAKES will introduce a fresh lot of youngsters, and it is a difficult matter to say how, these juvoniles will run. Tom Payten ' will be represented by either Kossuth, Orlove, or The , Rector. Of tho three Orlovo gallops the best. She was bought as a foal with her dam, My Love, by tho late Mr. James White. My Lovo is one of the best mares ever came out of Queens land. She won no end of races for Mr. John Finnic, who owns Orlovo's sire, Orinond. Ormond is a Nowbold, and I havo seen hini win some good races at Eagle Farm. If Orlovo " inherits tho good qualities of hor sire- and dam Bhe should run well. Gipsy Bello, by Trident— Gipsy Girl, is owned by Mr. W. Leo, of Bathurst, and if report be correct is a nailer. It will be interest ing to seo how this promising filly shapes. Dan O'Connor is nominated by J. Swan. I may as well state it is not the P.M.G. ; lie is not a two-year-old, the colt is. Another distinction is that the P.M.G. is groy, and his namesake chestnut. Goldsbrough, Splendor, Epigram, Cheviot, Grand Flaneur, Chesham, Welcome Jack, The Gem, Marvellous, Chester, and Tho Pon tiff are all represented by youngsters. To hazard a pick I will soloct Gipsy Belle and Orlove. THE SPRING HANDICAP 'should bo an interesting race, as there is a big sweep on it, and this invariably brin<s out a lot of horses. Medallion, 9st, is top weight, and if Mr. Stead's horse goes for this event he will be hard to beat. He did a rare gallop on Thursday morning, and got over the ground in great style, Cen- taur, 8sb 41b, will run woll if sent. Jack, 8st, will be dangerous, and Swcetbit has a chance. Cremome, fist 21b, will be served by the light weight, and Chatham, 6Bt 121b, is given a good chance. It is difficult to know what will start, but, given a run, I fancy ' Medallion or Centaur, with Chatham next. It is rumored that" Mr. David Christie Murray ia about to write a scathing oriticism upon the manners and oustoma of the Anti- podeons, whoso "hospitality ho has been enjoy in« for a year or more. - The more tho Mnrrayior. 