THE ELEPHANT SENTRY. An Adventure in Ceylon. I . [By. DAVID Km] | "Are you ready for breakfast, Dick?" "I should think I was. I'm like the'Irish tenant in the story when; he;met his landlord; out early : 'You see, Pat, I'm out to try and get 'an'appetite for my breakfast.' 'Well, your honor,, it's just the-other wayi witlme; I'm out to tbry and git a breakfast for,. me appetite 1'" - ?''Well, if that's so, we'll just have in the things at once. Jack!" - He followed up the call with a peculiar whistle, which was speedily answered by a clumping tread outside, and Dick Daltonhad just time to think what in heavy-footed fellow "Jack" must be, when'he tramped a young elephant, about the size of a Well-grown horse, with a,' steaming kettle hanging by a strong cord! to the very tip of his trunk J "Such a footman would make people stare in England, I dare say," said {Frank Forrester, laughing at hi£3 guest's astonishment j " but no one thinks anything of it np here in the heart of Ceylon. See how gingerly the little rogue holds the kettle-;-he upsets the boiling water over his toes once, and he's been mighty careful of it ever since. . Breakfast, Jack Is The elephant set down his kettle and "trotted out, returning- speedily with all" the essentials of a, good East Indian breakfast set out upon a kind of basket tray, which he carried on his trunk as-before. The table 'was soon spread* and the young engineer and his guest fell to with a will." "Is Mr. Jack your valet:- as well as your footruan ?'. asked Dalton. "Indeed he is, .and I can promise you he knows his work. Regularly every morning at half-past 5 he comes to wake me by trumpet ing outside my door, and if that doesn't rouse me-as it usually does; for he makes noise enough to knock -the house down-he comes right into the room; and lays the cold tip of his trunk on my face." . " How long have you had him ? He seems . tame enough." "Well, I picked him up that time I went up to Koraegalle for my holiday, you know; and that's why he's called 'Koraegalle Jack,' or 'Jack,' for short. We wereout shooting, and I brought down a savage old she elephant, and this little fellow stood by- his mother's body and wouldn't leave it. So then I felt sorry for him and made up my mind to take him home and'rear him if T could; andnow he's so tame that he just follows me about like a dog." " Does he; Well, I should think it must be rather awkward for you sometimes to have an elephant trottingat your heels everywhere." "Well, it certainly is rather awkward now and then. He followed me into church once, and I had quite a job to get him out agaiq. And' then, again, when they held that committee' meeting about the new rail ! way at Sir Lancelot H 's place on the . other side of the valley I had to attend it as consulting engineer, and . left Jack, as I thought, securely fastened up ait home. But the Iittlfe rascal managed to get loose'somehow, come after me post-haste, and walked slap into the room right in the middle of the meeting. You should' just have seen the fat old directors jump out of his way* And he trotted right up to my ohair, and stood there as if waiting for orders. Then that saucy fellow Hawkins, who happened to be sitting near the door when Mr. Jack put in an appearance, called out in a loud voice, as if announcing a visitor, ' Mr. Eon-ester's private secretary! " Secretary, valet, footman," laughed Dick. "Why, your Jack's a regular 'jack- of-all trades.' You'd better make him a chokidar [watchman] too, and then he'll be complete." "Well, I dare say he wouldn't make a bad one,"' said Frank. A few weeks after Dalton's visit Engineer Forrester was unexpectedly transferred to a new railway nearly a hundred miles away, which was being constructed through a broken and thickly wooded track in the heart of the mountains. .' This waa anything but a change for the better for poor Frank, whose new house was merely a rude hut in the midst of the jungle, very different from the snug little bungalow (villa) in which he had received Dick Dalton. And,; worse still, he had to inhabit this dreary place all by himself; for as there happened to be an ancient native burial ground close to it, the fear of encountering a bhoot (ghost) was so strong among the superstitious Cingalese that the boldest of them would not have ventured near the spot after dark for any money that Frank could have offered. But he was not altogether deserted, for there would have been no possibility of persuading "Kornegalle Jack" to stay behind, even had his master wished it; and in this lonely and dismal spot, with not a single man near him j whom he could trust, the companionship and affection even of an elephant were of no small value to the solitary exile. For a whole month our hero toiled away ike a man, up_ early and down late, pressing "on the work with might and main, and earning from his native workmen an unpronounceable Tamil nickname of ten or eleven syllables, implying "The" white man who never sleeps." In fact he hardly ever did sleep for the first few nights, expecting to be attacked at any moment by wild beasts or robbers, for in this savage- region there were plenty of both. Sure enough, one night he saw the fiery eye3 of a huge panther glaring in at him through the window bars; and a few days later he found a deadly snake wriggling out of his bad with a sharp hiss just as he . was going to get into: it. But this, so Frank philosophically re marked, was " all in the day's workand he was just beginning to enter into the spirit of this strange life, and to settle down to it com fortably enough, when there came . a sudden and startling interruption. About the end of nis fifth week in this new place he came home late one night from a hard day's work, so thoroughly tired out that hebaci hardly lain down when he was fast asleep. But'about midnight he awoke' with a start, and half raising himself looked around him with a, vague haunting sense of some imminent danger." Nothing unusual, however, was to' be' seenr,' * and just at first there was nothing to be heard; but all at once the practised hunters quick ear caught a faint sound just outside the door, as if the teeth of a rat were nibbling at the wood- . work. Then it swung softly open (the fasten ings having been skilfully cut from the out- ? side), and in the doorway stood three tallj gaunt, shadowy forms, which a faint glimmer of moonlight showed to be armed with long knives. The house wa3 beset by. native robbers! Just when Frank least expected it the peril for which he had watched so long had come vipon him. A report had got abroad that the white man kept in his hat a, large sum of money intended to pay his laborers; and this was quite enough for the fierce mountain men . around him, who, though fully as superstitious as their neighbors, would have faced all the ghosts in Eastern mythology for a good chance of plunder. The brave young fellow clutched at his revolver, but it was not to be found; it had slipped from its place, and there was no time to hunt for it in the darkness. Catching up his heavy iron-spiked staff, he stood grimly at bay, facing undauntedly the cruel eyes and teen-bladed knives of the robbers. There was, however, one chance left for him, and;he took it. Possibly his pet elephant might still be awake, and within call; so Frank gave the well-known signal whistle, and added to it a lusty shout of "Jack!" At this unexpected summons the three ruffians (who had supposed him to be quite alone) paused for a moment in wonder and dismay, and. that one moment made all . the difference. There was a crash and a trampling outside-a hoarse discordant soream of rage, like the blast of a cracked trumpet-and down went the tallest of the 'three brigands as if struck by lightning beneath a resounding whack from the trunk of Frank's four- footed sentry. The two other villains, thoroughly seared by this strange and formidable attack, took to their heels at once. But they were not \- destined to get off so easily, for the trusty Jaok, whose blood was thoroughly up at thi3 assault upon his adored master, pursued so hotly after the flying thieves that one of them fell head foremost into a wet and muddy ditch, and the other could only escape the elephant's rush: by plunging recklessly into a thick clunip of J thnrn bushes, which scratched! him so thoroughly from head to foot that he looked like a railway map done in. red ink. "Well done, Jack, my boy," cried our hero, strolring approvingly the huge flapping ears of his rescuer, when the latter came, back from the chase. "Old Dick told me that I ought to make a watchman of you, and, 'pon my word, you've acted as one to good purpose this time." -Harper's Young People, 