ANGTHEE 'DREAM' BT OLIVE SCHBEINER. 'GQWS LIGHT ON THE MOUN TAINS.' ' And Ged eaid, Letthere be lirht. And there was light.' ~ One by one the clouds lifted, and the dense droegring veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. Whe great mountains became visible, cleadj -defined against the heavens' ethereally faint blue. Eternal snow lay frozen white upon them, and their cold high peaks seemed very far away. But one wide bar of luminous crold lightened their elopes towards the east ; and in that warm and tender haze -the hard snow melted, and the purple violete opened into bloom. ? ? * ? Two dark figures of men advanced into the light. They bad climbed for many hours. They had seen tie radiance from afar, and now they entered it together. They were brothers in their common lot and creed, but ss they stepped into the golden glory their brows grew heavy with distrust and wrath. ' What doest thou here 1 ' said the one. ' The light is mine'! ' ' Nay, fool,' said the other, 'thou Uest — the light is mine ! ' And the evil frown deepened on their faces, and they forgot their brotherhood and fought — fought with a merciless blind fury forevery inch of that wondrous light that was not theirs; fought till ibe violets on the turf sickened and died ia the torrent of blood thai was abed. ' But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. AndtheShadow'snamewasDeath. Then those contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering their eyes they tied Ewiftly; and the Shadow went with them. And their blood sank into the oool, brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay stall upon the moun tains- Two women came into the light. They were great Queens, brow-bound with gold and burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dragged a ftn'»;tinp feeble creature like a child -with wings, an almost dying thing that wept and wailed aloud and shuddered as it came. Beaching the Light, the women paused and faced each other. ' Loose thou thy hold of Love,' said the one — ' for lo, we have reached the goal, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love are mine.' 'O traitress!' cried the other. 'What hast thou to do with beauty where I am P I am the mistress of die world; Vive is my ser vant, light my heritage. Dispute no more, for love and light are mine !' And again the shadow fell. Then those two rival Queens grew pale and thin, and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. But the winged child remained alone weep ing. And God's Light lay softly on the mountains. A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. Bare-headed and with uplifted eyes, he paused and looked and smiled. His limbs were very weary, his hands were hard with unrewarded tou ; but, thongh his face was pale and careworn, it was beautiful. His lips parted in a sign of rapture. ' This isthe Light I' he said, ' My God, I thank Thee!' * And the winged Love, who wept alone, drew near to him and kissed his feet. 'O, who art thou?' it questioned him sobbingly. ' Who art thou that has toiled so far to find tbe Light, and hast no word of envy on thy lips, but only peace and praise f' And the Stranger smiling-, answered, 'lam known as the Despised and Lonely. In all the world I possess nothing — not even a blessing. Alone I have been from the first Beginning- — alone I must be to the hist End. But I have sought the Light and found it, whorefore I praise the Giver of the Light who hath not Buffered me to be dismayed. For I bear the name most hated among men — the name of Truth.' And again the Shadow fell. Only it was no more a Shadow but a Brightness, brighten ing into the light itself. And tired Truth drank in the golden Glory, and grew strong. Love dried its childish tears, and afar off there was a sweet sonnd as of the singing: of angels. And God's Light widened on the mountains. [This poetical allegory is sent to us by a correspondent as having originally appeared in an old number of an African, missionary magazine, now extinct. It was there un signed, but no one who reads it (says our correspondent} can doubt that it is correctly attributed above. If not by Miss Sehreiner, it is certainly a very happy attempt in the same style.] The new Imperial defence gun vessels Boomerang and Karrakatta, 2,735 tops, 4,500 horse-power, having both satisfactorily com pleted their gun and machinery trials, were delivered to the naval authorities at Sheerness on 14th February, from the works of Sir W. G. Armstrong and Co., of Elswick, where they have been built and equipped for sea at a cost of nearly £50,000 each. The Boomerang and Karrakatta were immediately commissioned with complements of Sfi officers and men each for despatch to Australia, the Boomerang being commanded by lieutenant Thomas C. Fenton, and the Karrakatta by Lieutenant W. 3. Sculiard. The Boomerang is intended to strengthen the British Squadron on active service in Australian waters, but the Karrakatta, on her arrival at Sydney, is to be paid off and placed in the Australian Steam Reserve, being kept in readiness for active service when re quired. The Admiralty have issued instruc tions for the third-class cruiser Bapid. 12, 1,120 tons, 1,400 horse- power, Captain William M'C. F. Castle, to be recommissioned at Sydney for another term of service on the Australian station. The Bapid is in future to be in charge of an officer of commander's rank instead of a captain, as during her former commissions. 