Battle in the Clouds. Spcctral Armies Fighting for an Hour and a ISalf. Tho Paris correspondent ot tho ' Now York Sunday Mercury ' eaya:— Considerable * excitement has been oc casioned noar Metz by tho appoarance of spectral phenomena of a most marvellous character. Tho phenomenon was first visible on tbo evening of May 3, 1891, when a num ber of working men passing along tbe high way observed what at first sight appeared to | be a small oloud passing over somo meadows I near by whero they wero going. Their ouriosity waB aroused by tho nearness of tho cloud, when, to their astonishment, the dense, dark maBB gradually disintegrated and spread over a largo aroa, tho matter of wbioh it was composed gradually assuming tho Bhapos of mon, horses, artillery, and all the paraphernalia of aotual warfare. The peas ants stood entranced, watobing tho my Bteriousphenomonon, and wore witnesses to a battle royal whioh continued with the moBt amazing exactitude of military detail for about an hour and a half, when darkness oame on, and tho spcotral shapes gradually melted away. Tho phenomenon was wit nessed by over 100 people in all, and has wrought euch a sensation in tho distriot that quite a panic prevails, it being believed that the apparition iB an omen of approaohing war between Franco and Germany. A^number of intelligent and trustworthy pcoplo, including a couple of priests, havo como forward aud attested to tlio genuineness of the taots given. Scientific men are now busy explaining the oauses of such appear ances, wbioh they attribute to oertain photo graphic qualities of tho trant--atmospbcrio region, whero, they claim, aro stored phan toms of.everything imaginable tbat has in habited the globo from Adam down to the present time— where the history of the world iB written, or rather represented, speotrally —a limbo of physioal creations, wbioh serves as a museum of natural history and anti quities to thoso who may be ablo to go thero and seo it ; just such a place as Buskin, in fact, would oonsider tho ideal ParadiBO. It is thought that by some refractive qualities of tho atmosphere these spectral piotures are made visible to tho eye occasionally, bat that thoy are mere shadows of past ocourrenoes, accidentally disolosed to tho vision of thosu who happen to be in certain vioinitics ot u certain time, and that they have no more meauiDj than a moro eoho, thoy being, iu fact, echoes ol bygone things. The present occurronce is by no means tbo fitBt of tho kind reoorded, previous mani festations of the kind having, it is supposed, inspired tbo myths on whioh tho old Hellenio religions wero founded. In Bomo oases speotres of men havo beon scon whoso heads almost reaohed to tho olouds, but tbis is merely caused by the mag nifying powers of tbo atmosphere. Scotlaud, whioh, by all accounts, is one of tho greatest ghost-seeing placc-son tho earth, has had mauifo3tationB of a similar kind— ono in particular being reoorded with gjeat preoiBion, and upon moBt reliable authority. This took place on a Bummer's evening in tho year 1713, when a servant of Squire Wren, ot Wilton Hall, saw a party of horse mon pass along tho road and disappear up tho mountain eide. Ho scarohed for days in tho hope of finding thorn, but could not oven find tbo footprints of tbo horses. Whon ho told his story, tho gillio was laughed oven out of his own belief in the story. A year later, however, tho same man beheld another speotral tableau, and happening to bo in the neighborhood of ono of his master's friends, another laird named Lanoaster, he aBked him to go and witness it. Upon their arrival all tho spot where tho apparition wad visible, several other persons were already oongre gated, and what they witnessed iB desoribed 1 by those who eaw them as follows ; 41 Tbo | equestrian figures seemed to come from tho lowest parts of Souterfell, and beoamo vipiblo ; at a place called Knott. They then advanced i in regular troops along tho sido cf the fell ; till they oame opposite to Blake Hills, when 1 they went over tbo mountain, after desorib | ing a kind of curvilineal path. The paeo at j wbioh the figures moved was a regular swift | walk, and thoy oontinued to bo seen for up j wards of two hours, the approach ot dark | nesB alone preventing them from being vis | ible. Many troops were Been in sucoesBion, | and frequently tbo laat but one in a troop j quitted bis position, galloped to the front, | and took up tho eamo pace with the rest. Tbe ohangeB in the figures were seen equally by all tho spectators, and the view of them was not oonfincd to the farm ot Blakehills only, but they were seen by every person at overy oottoge within tho distance of a mile, tho number of persons who saw them amount ing to abnut 20. Tbo attestation of these facta, signed by Lancaster and Stricket, bears tho date of July 21,1785. It is, therefore, soarcely likely tbat the manifestations wit nessed near Metz amounted to anything in particular from a prophetio point of view, al though a rathor sensational statement, whioh lias appeared almost simultaneously, will doubtless make many think that the long looked for European war is oIobo upon us. This statement is to tho effeot that a docu ment has been disoovored which forms tho basis of tho treaty^ between Franco and Russia, and which disclosos the exact man ner in whioh Germany is to bo divided up botwson theso two powers in oaso of h jr de feat. The arrangement is that Franos is to taokle Germany siuglo-handcd, whioh ehu desires to do to regain ber military prestige, and that in case ol possible failure Russia is to oome upon the scone and end all doubts about tbe result. Although, on the faoe ot it, only a canard, this story Is being seriously disoussed by leading Frehoh and German journals. The last of tbe BorgiaB, who count several popeB, oardinalB, dukes, and other august personages among the members of their once famous family, has just died in poverty and want, in a little Tyrolese village, whero his widow is reoommended to tbo obaritablo pub* lio in the looal newspapers. In 1G71 one of tho Borgias was oanonized by Pope Clement X. ; less than a century iator Don Alberto Calisto Borgia, Miq Spanish Ambassador, waB the moBt brilliant courtier at tbe Court of Charles VI. at Vienna, Sinco then fortune has not emiled upon tbe Borgias ; and tbe last ot tho noblo race, Baron Frederick Oalisto Borgia, who has just left 41 this mortal lite,' has been starving for the last 20 years «9 ft goo* YUlage photpgupbor* ; 