I 0000 mJnlffi v: v J i I fEITTEN IN BED ; 1 rtt OONSPIRAOY IN THE I JSOKTH CASK. I STONY OF BOSTON# hontaoub and O. W. ©tab. P tvncn T —and who is tun Ajtonnsitd CSAFTEB MLtisr . Tnho Lamm, whose expenenoe had petecb? J of rather more broad o' r theorist who judges the world u . mmonpLaoe associates, was _ not fro® "" existence of the emotional .»» ®Li jjfe. Too often bad it been hie 1 JdatT to draw aside the conventional «& the member of mote. corttU1 JSLtout to oonoeal bis serious affairs 5 h® Te6 of his neighbour, and to oatoh a irWD JZvse of the contending passions JSfww seething abouj the presumably h8 had jTUt- win!d, I fiiSw. swm incredible in itself, but the , tke ciicuimteno-s at and m which it "f iind rendered it, in John Lamm's esti- todoccurt m<wt peculiar and astounding ff"50, i , Tel his ideas were too disorderly Snfused to enable him to draw logical 811 ,, The moment had not vet come for daaaC-SId explanations. He could only stand -h hsSi breath and rapid pulse and SUii„ ihe outcome of the strange situation. "««» SHK pa,# rd JmSL b-o-i- rert ttul,ke T im . rJ .(1 -h st'it . as the photograph had pro- fi Ji her rail down to her assistance, and T AvviC -omtort was ambling about aim- r:l Vnnive. her Jat bauds and reflecting Syr jhathe couldn't see why on earth "be XSsiready -rare, she was making repeated iiU'vut efforts at restoration. The Irinkimt 'of waur. which Stella procured Sh ,u- wnmon.uc the servants, eventually i Zuc the effect of causing the eyelids, upon \ «iuii some of the drops fell, to uucloee, Manoa - muTu » >nie iuc- herent words, arose, and k wit'a her «a«ters h-i>. staggered to a chair, j ji vbere6 ,e sat i or several minutes as motionless ;j sod "iS speechieat a? if she had lieen in a trance. $ Aunt t'o uu,rt. suddenly awakening to her re- l'-! #P«K!uu;i«. rsu to fan her with a book ©over, kj: oamurnicpuunuou.-iy soothing and reassur- 1l ine ifi'Tsi us. if , Mxriva did not eppear to notice her, though f : the dewfUTe saw the g-.rl's eyes more than I;/ <iii« foilowin her sister's motions in a relent- !: less, question- 'iig war. Mr. Lamm hoped for ; - Knu€L-o«vers<uou which would throw light on Uk iiB'iin'ic chafjtdi1 that had been enacted in H hi piwtnc. but he was disappointed. Noth- J ingenue but the uninteiT l >ted monologue of vh'ezy Auut Comfort. Neither of the sisters epote" other tb-n in monosyllables, until M&ri; -b. suMdenlv fluihiug under some words of thetl rlv is-iv V>l;"'rous for Thornton Stack- linnso em 5 itroeri- 'lis'v — "btejC srop! lieii rou! Not another word. This ncuse was n-t his. It was rov father's. Whiter r th re may h-> in it which belongs to f him lu-i-t be sent to him. If he ever co ues here ri agsiii Ifhi.I j:o iway. If he has given any i orisr; c iicerutiiJ my father's funeral they mu»: be ecMipfioamh'd. It woald be a caer;': whioh I could not permit." Auht Com for: cee ed to lie too much ekiu-d to rr.sk - any leply or to put any in quiry. -jr. whatever remonstrance Stella had to ! off-r icainst te-r -sister's extraordinary conduct nine h;ive been uttered lief ere the arrival of 8tacki;oue. f r it was evident that she had be- j come h pri st y n signed to the situation. Atljc at the door b-dl ft-U with startling efipc: lip -n the siU-nee of the house. Stella firti pr- tat i ly to th" upper regions, while ; Aunt C :;f ort. with her hand on her heart, ttarei aj>; r.-h'-ii-ively at the door. It was Msri >n i.-r-elf whr> waved hack the advancing Rrvati' with ;;n rtons gesture and went ro- R.nt-it to anpw.r the suiumoitF. priimnm of lively solicitude as befitted the s«Kmn, Mr. Richard Fatridge | Annt rlS at a'nd timei «r." murmured aimWy b"wwm th< M" ? m W fiyou are here, Mr. Fetridge," Msnoa eaid, in coUected tones. -If we ever «T»!.raBd' H is at this moment." I need not eay with what eagerness I »»«» abLhlJo0lM,3rjPp0rtuDitF to Fou» Mra. S4bouse,'' hesaid, earnasUv. cum looked him directly in the eyes. Not Mrs. StackhouMJ, Marion North." ue made a painful effort to appear unem- arraaaed, but it was qaito evident that be was gravely alarmed. " Jou J?u — know — " he stammered. Everything," she returned, with a forlorn, hitter accent. " Good heavens!" he ejaculated, in ill-con- eealed alarm. " Who told you F" She made no reply in words, but with a gesture indicated the portiere at the right. In a moment the two people had dis appeared from view, leaving Aunt Comfort stanog like a petrified figure in the museum at the drawn curtain. She was awakened from her lethargy by the voice of Stella calling piteousiy from above. " Oh . Aunt Comfort 1 Do come here ! Do come here !" And as the only remaining personage in the field of his vision disappeared, John Lamm, detective, began ta exhibit sundry signs of ex asperation. In vain he straiued his listening in vain he ventured to raise the sash of the window to an imprudent degree. Nothing but the vague murmur of voices and the occasional distant sound of sobbing rewarded his efforts. " To be cut ©ff at such a point as this!" he fumed. " I'd en joy banging the architect who put sucha stupid building together !" There was nothing for him to do bat to con jecture and wait, The two people remained in the parlour for aearly hall an hour. At the ex juration of that time the impatient watcher saw the jwrlitie distnrd and they reappeared in the hall. Mr. Lam. u eagerly marked their respective appearances, hoping thereby to con struct some theory of the nature of their inter view. Marion was very pale, cold, determined, collected. Fe fridge bore traces of unwonted agitation. His face was flushed ; his hand unsteady. She accompanied him to the door. He had cp mod it, when he turned impulsively and said, appeslmgly — " Marion, won't you reconsider your un- hapoy resolution and make a confidant of me ?" " Richard Fetrid.ee, you ought to under stand me well enough by this time to know that I never go any other way than straight ahead. I do not act on impulse, but from determination. ' ' He seemed abashed for some reason. Hi'b eyes were turned towards the floor at her feet. ' It was only for your good," he murmured. " And 1 shall still continue to do everything IB in; pvnci vv uioffo fruio KHiiuio uww easier for you." He bowed constrainedly, glanced furtivelyup the staircase as if he hoped to see another face, and went out. The door closed. Marion canght her breath, set her teeth together, clinched her fists, and stood motion less looking at the capet. " I'd give 500 dollars to know what that girl is thinking of," thought the detective; "she can assume the most unpleasant expression for a handsome woman I ever saw. And, hang me, if I shouldn't dislike to be in a position dependent on her and incur her enmity. She would sting like a serpent the man who at tempted to throttle her." The fair woman with the Medea face did not remain long the subject of his critical contem plation. Slowly, and in the same thoughtful attitude, she began with firm step to ascend the staircase, and soon vanished from John Lxram's eight and hearing. That gentleman rapidly came to the con clusion that there was nothing further' to be gained by longer remaining in his precarious hiding place. Oarefully closing the window, he turned the key in the lock, and was pre paring to leave by way of the door, when he stopped suddenly under the spell of a new idea. He remained inactive just long enough to con- rider the feasibility of the proposition. It was a bold step to take, but bold steps, to the verge of recklessness sometimes, were those by which he had achieved his present eminence in his profession. In two minutes his mind was made up. Instead of leaving by the door, he first made sure that the coast was clear, and then got out of the window and walked rapidly around the corner to the front entrance. He pulled authoritatively at the belL After a short delay the summons was answered by the still tremulous Moffett, " I am sorry, man," said Mr. Lamm, "but I mast see the ladies after all. Give my card to Miss Harwood, please." Moffett accepted the proffered pieoe of paste board, on which was engraved— LEVI Dilltkoham, Polioe Detective. Aunt Comfort responded, breathless and asthmatic. She invited John Lamm into the reception-room. With quiet dignity tne detec tive proceeded to apologise and to reassure her. He regretted the necessity which foroed him to call at such a time, and enlarged upon the great service she might do the cause of justice bv making him acquainted with whatsoever facts of anv possible bearing on the motive for the " murder that might be in her possession. It was useless. At ano'her time the amiable housekeeper might have filled his note-book with unconscious revelations; but there is a point beyond which garrulous- ness becomes complete idiocy, and it is little exaggeration to say that the terrible events of tiie day had carried Aunt Comfort over the limit. There was abolutely nothing to be got frcm her but tears and gasps and interjections. The idea of calling upon Mrs. StaGkhouse to present the case was an inspiration to her and a relief to the patient Lamm. true that he awaited the coming of I Marion with some compunctions and no little curiosity. The young lady entered the room haughtily, and looked at him in a distant, unemotional way, ou eere my presence, sir ?" ic j yu please, madam," said John Lamm; .J®" that of your sister, if it be pos sible. "My sister," she returned quickly, " is alto gether too young to be of any use to you in nich an emergency. Nor do I choose to have her disturbed at such a time." " I bow to your superior judgment, madam. You understand that I am a simple officer of the law with the single purpose of doing my duty. I with to do it with as little annoyance as possible." ' What do you wish, sir ? I do not see how anybody in this house can aid you. We know nothing of this crime but the awful fact, and it does seem that at such a time the police might do their duty without intruding into the circle of the bereaved family." " Pardon me," said Lamm, humbly but respectfully, as he stood before her, turning his hat in his uneasy hands. " The affair is a mystery. We desire to arrest the guilty parties. Often the relatives in such cases have strong reasons for suspicions." " We have none," returned Marion, deci sively. ' No, indeed !" corroborated Aunt Comfort. "The idea of such a thing " You are utterly unaware of any possible motive for this crime?" Intentionally Detective Lamm cast a keen, searching glance full into the face cf the stoical young woman. His idea was to intimidate rather than to observe her, for he had a furtive way of scrutinising people without appearing to do so. It was ineffective. Not even her eyelashes quivered. " U cterly," she said, firmly. " And now, sir, are vou satisfied ?" " Unfortunately, no" said Lamm, glancing uneasily at Aunt Comfort. " Could I — would it be presumptuous in me — to ask for a private interview ?" Marion drew a full breath. There was a slight quiver as she did so, which seemed to indicate thst her calmness was the result of rigid repression of her spontaneous emotions. She motioned Aunt Comfort towards the hall. " Well, sir?" she said as soon as they were alone. J ohn Lamm saw that she had no intention of prolonging the interview. He resolved to break the ice of her reserve with one fell crush. "Tell me," he said, without preface, 11 who is Marie Moyso T" She could not repress the start nor the tell tale flush that rose into her cheeks. But she made a brave effort which aroused John Lamm's unspoken admiration. " Why do you ask I" Only this in a faint voice, as a response to this unexpected bomb shell. " What grit that girl has !" was John Lamm's unuttered comment. Her question, however, warned hiiu that he was on the briuk of a precipice, the other side of which he could not see. Still, with his accustomed audacity, he took the leap in the dark. " Because," he said, boldly, " there is reason to believe that such a woman is mixed up in this affair." "Ah!" she returned, coldly, "I know nothing of her. Really. Mr. Officer, you muBt excuse me if you have nothing more to say to me than this. The occasion is too grave- too solemn. You should go to Mr. North's partner, Mr. Stackhouse. He can tell you more about it than anybody rise." Did she mean to give these last words a special emphasis ? The detective was not sure, but he saw that it would be more than useless to prolong the iuterview. He had made up his mind that Marion Stackhouse was impervious to surprise, and inaccessible to an ordinary appeal. Before he could hope to penetrate that armour he would be obliged to prepare himself with a host of facts of which he was now ignorant. So he took his leave with the best grace possible, and once more breathed the f: eer air of the quiet streets. Unquestionably it was a relief to get out of that house with its mystotious secrets and its unlaid ghosts. "S ieisone woman in ten; housand 1" he muttered to himself as he walked away. " At her age such self-command is as uncommon as a lottery prize. Well, we'll try again." Some inquiries assured him that it was not far to the seaside residence of Richard Fetridge. In five minutes after leaving Marion's presence he was bowing before the astonished Fetridge, whom he met on the veti&ndah; overlooking uie ocean. " You here?" "So it would seem, Mr. Fetridge.', " And what can you have discovered so soon?" "I'll tell you. It's a simple clue, and may net lead to much. Still I must beg leave to ask your assistance. I wish to put a question, stipulating that you -do not ask me any in return. Vou see, I am not ready to make a m J 14 reportyei,' Fetridge slightly frowned. Evidently he did not relish mysteries. " Ask your question, Mr. Lamm." " Who is Mime Moyso ?" Fetridge sprang up with a force that over turned his chair. 1 ' The deuce ! " he ejaculated. " How came you by that name?" "Ho, ho!" quoth John Lamm in his mind. "This gentleman does not guard his secrets so well as the lady yonder." " I must remind you, Mr. Fetridge," he re turned, quietly, "that you were not to ask questions. Still, I don't mind telling you that the woman seems to be in some way connected -nrifh mir frinnd Stackhouse." " Humph ! I shall begin to regard you as a wizard rather than a detective, Mr. Lamm," Fetridge remarked, with an effort to conceal his astonishment. " I must eay I cannot con ceive by what possibility you became possessed of that name. But since you have, I must remind you that you are working for me, and that whatever information you obtain ends with me. Nobody beyond us is to know a syllable. You understand that ?" " I should be wholly ignorant of my business if I did not." r " Yery well. But about this Moissot woman " " And, by the way, how do you spell that, Mr. Fetridge?" Fetridge spelled the name and Mr. Lamm wrote it dewn, smiling at his own mistake. "French?" " It's a Creole name, I believe." " Oh, to be sure. And have you any idea of her whereabouts at this time !" " She was in New York five years ago. I cannot say— though Mr. Stackhouse, who may find it convenient to keeD track of her, perhaps can—what has become of her." The two men looked at each other. " Well," said Fetridge, impatiently, "why do you aric me this? What possible connection can she have with this case?" Not caring to betray himself by answering this question, John Lamm deemed it prudent to withdraw. # " I have barely time to catch the train back, he exclaimed, hurriedly, glancing at his watch in the fading light. " I'll talk with you later, Mr. Fetridge." And he was off at once at an energetic pane. But he did not leave Sw&mpsoott; till he had made Mr. Moffett his firm friend. John Lamm was not of the sort to let grass grow under his feet or to neglect any clue, however unlikely, whioh could possibly bring him to success in an important quest. When at last, after a long conference with the " inside man" of the late Paul North, he was in the train on his way back to the city, he began writing en advertisenientto beforwarded to a correspondent in New York for insertion in the daily papers there. "Mauds Moissot! — Any information as to whereabouts of Marie Motasot will be liberally rewarded by the undersigned. The lady her self will team something to her advantage by addressing , — " It's a slim chance," mattered the detective, " but still it may lead to something." CHAPTER "VT. — Lifb Ajtee Dkath. At eight o'clock in the evening of this same Friday, medical examiner Jarrett sat at ins desk in the office at his house busily writing. "Upon making a careful and complete examination of toe body of toe man named Paul North. I find that a ball, probably fired from a revolver of 32 calibre, at an angle of probably 20 degrees, and from a distance not exceeding three feet, entered his back near the spinal oolumn at toe seventh intercostal space on the right side, and passed in an inward and upward direction, going through the upper por tion of toe liver and completely through the lower lobe of toe right lung. ' ' The path of the ball was not arrested, show- in<r that it was fired in the direction indicated. It pierced toe lung nearly opposite the third rib, and left toe body on the front side, just above the rib named, " I do not find that toe said Paul North could have committed suicide. The position of the entrance of the hall, and its direction, seemed to deny this possibility. 14 There was ample external haemorrhage to. have permitted the man to have written toe words on the wall of the room in which he was found. If so, immediately the writing was con cluded, he no doubt died. 44 Death was painless, and resulted from in ternal hemorrhage, caused by toe opening of an artery in the right lung," The ringing of the office hell suspended the .report of the autopsy over Paul North's body at this point. Dr. Jarrett rose to meet his caller, recog nising him at once as the reporter whom he had met a few hours previously at toe house in Marlboro street. " Ah, Thomas," he said, 44 still on toe case, eh? A very good storv, that of yours in the afternoon paper— very judicious indeed." 44 Thanks," the reporter answered. 44 And now I want yon to help me get out an equally good story, or a better one, for the morning. The autopsy was performed at the City Hos pital morgue, of course. Can't you give me the report?" Dr. Jarrett shook his head and rubbed his chin. " There isn't a man I would sooner give out the report to than you, Thomas, but it wouldn't do to have it published before it's submitted. All I can say at this point really is that I have no doubt whatever that murder has been com mitted." Mr. Thomas fingered his watch chain. 44 Not a word more ?" he queried. 44 I'll tell you what I'll do, Thomas," the medical examiner answered, after a meditative turn up and down the hall. 44 You have kept a good many important secrets when the work of the authorities couldn't have been done with out your silence. I'll tell yon who assisted in the autopsy. You could interview him without mentioning my name in the matter." A broad smile illumined the reporter's face, and he presented the medical examiner with a very comprehensive wink. 44 Dr. Francis Huntress is the man," conti nued the examiner, confidentially. 4 4 He has an office where he lives, at No. — , Greenwich Park." 44 1 know him well," said Mr. Thomas, as he parted from the doctor ; and there was full justification for the words in the fritnily greeting accorded to him at the surgeon's door. Two minutes after he had pulled at the bell- handle, Thomas was comfortably ensconced in an easy chair in the doctor's study the physician Bitting opposite to him at his desk, where a drop light burned, 44 You are the most extraordinary fellow," the surgeon exclaimed, admiringly, after Thomas had stated his mission. 44 Some of the morgue peopl must have told you I was called in. No? Well, nevermind — we'll assume you divined it, as you have a 1 undred other matters supposed to be the most profound of secrets. But I'll tell you one thing, my black haired friend. This is one of the most curious and ! remarkable cases that ever came to my atten tion !" CHAPTER YI. (Continued.) — Lira Afiee Death. " You - have no dcubt it was a case of murder?" questioned Mr. Thomas, busy with "his watch charm. 44 1 can find no other explanation. You saw the wound. You noticed how the man lay ? Now, the bullet was a 32-calibre pistol ball. It entered at an angle of certainly not less than twenty degrees, and went upwards and inwards in that direction. I don't know whether you observed any traces of powder on the man's clothing ?" "No." They were there, nevertheless. And that means that the pistol from which the fatal shot was fired couldn't have been held more than three feet away. At the Bame time we con cluded it must have been more than two. And tnis, you see, effectually disposes of the theory of suicide." 44 An angle of twenty degrees, you eay, doctor?" 44 About that— not exactly." 44 Then the pistol was fired behind toe man's back ; and was held at what height from toe floor?" 41 Very easily reckoned. About two and a half feet from the floor." 44 That's curious," said Thomas, with a puzzled air ; 44 but the angle of twenty degrees explains what I couldn't understand. And that is why the bullet should have entered the wall at a height of teu feet from the floor." 44 Indeed !" exclaimed the surgeon, greatly interested; 44 well, now, if you've got the lateral angle of that bullet, since we already hve the upward angle of it, it is a simple mathematical problem to decide just where Paul North stood when the shot was fired." Thomas drew a roll of paper from his pocket. Separating from a curled -up photographer's proof the proof of a compositor, he spread it out upon tiie surgeon's desk. It was his dia gram of the second floor of the house in Marl boro street. ' There, doctor," he said, pointing with his pencil to the centre of the space between the two doors at the back of the library ; 44 that is about the point where the bullet entered. The cartridge end of the ball was intact, and pro- truded from toe wall, pointing like toe end of I finger backwards and downwards in a dtrecuoi that would bring as very near the writing deel in toe corner by the bay window." 44 How far distant?' 44 1 should say about fifteen feet.' The surgeon made a brief mathematical cal culation. 44 Roughly speaking," he said, "there is a rise of about six inches to a foot in an angle of twenty degrees. Starting with a point two and a half feet from toe floor toe remaining seven feet and a half necessary to attain the height of ten feet would be gamed in a hori zontal measurement of just about fifteen feet." 44 Capital I ' ' exclaimed Thomas, who saw force of this at once. It follows inevitably that toe murderer must have fired from a point near the writing desk, and that North stood three or four feet this ride of toe desk facing the walL" 44 Or better still, facing the door near when he was found." "Just as if," said the reporter, 44 somebody there had called to him or startled him so that he turned away from his assailant for toe moment." 44 And toe murderer had been sitting before the writing desk. Exactly." Thomas shook his head dubiously. " All this s junds very well, doctor," he said; 44 but it's too mathematical to be true. Things don't happen that way. The bullet may have been deflected in its course." 44 1 don't see how it could have beei." 44 Oh, gracious! don't attempt to account for the conduct of bullets," said Thomas ; 44 the police departments are full of the most curious records of their freaks. Sometimes the most deadly ball will fail to do its work — asneci<i.llv if held too near the victim. One man, It is said, attempted to commit suicide by holding the pistol muzzle against his fore head. If he had held it a little way off it would have blown his brains out. As it was, the bullet flattened itself and slid off harmlessly. And as an instance of the power of a spent ball, I may cite the cae of that East Boston woman a short time ago, who was killed while frying doughnuts at her kitchen stove by a bullet fired by a guard on duty at the navy yard a mile away. To enter the house the bullet bored its way through the whole ihickoess of the window sash and went clean through her besides." "So that you would consider it nothing astonishing that the bullet in this case, after passing completely through North's body, should still have the strength to bury itself m the wall." 4 No," said Thomas," 44 though I should say unhesitatingly that it was no toy pietoL And now, doctor, I want to ask you two or three questions. In the first place, isn't it within the possibilities of medical science to determine how long a man has been dead P" 44 Anywhere within twenty-four or totrty-ria hours, probably yes." 44 With how much accuracy?" 4 4 Well, possibly within an 'hour." " As close as that ?" 44 1 believe that most surgeons and physicians accept the proposition of an eminent surgeon and chemist who stated a few years ago that the day will come when we may first determine the gent ral health of the subject by examination of the other organs, and then submit the clotted blood in the heart to microscopic tests. The blood, you know, is made up of three parts — the serum and the red ana white corpuscles. The red corpuscles contain toe life. That life remains for several days after death if the body is without disease to induce over-rapid decom position. The length of time which has elated since the heart ceased to beat may be deter mined by the amount of life in the red cor puscles. The same test is also applied to the contents of the other vessels." 44 Have those tests been applied in this caseu doctor?" 44 Yes, but merely as an experiment to com pare with the other tests applied. I am happy to say they showed, in a measure, the probable reliaLflity of the theory." 44 And what were those other tests ?" 44 Most bodies become quite cold in from eight to twelve hours after death. In the cases of bodies which present certain signs that I need not detail, we know that death has not been present more than twelve hours. In from twelve to eighteen hours, however, the eyeballs become soft and inelastic, and feel flaccid. Th® last sign of the earliest stage of death is the rigor mortis. This is, perhaps, the most de pendable of the signs we have to guide us at present. Of course, the rigidity of the body may continue beyond a week, but the circum stances which would occasion tnis would be too extraordinary to be unnoticed. Considering all these things, I should repeat that the length of time which Mr. North has been dead is toler ably certain." "And from this, when did you determine that Mr. North had died ?' ' 44 Perhaps Dr. Jarrett would object to my giving that information to the Press," said tha surgeon hesitatingly. 44 Then don't give it to the Pi ess. Give it to me." Thomas smiled insinuatingly. 44 And you - what will you do with it ?' 44 Compare it with such other information as I already possess, to see if my suspicions are correct." 44 You suspect somebody." 44 Everybody." The surgeon laughed, and Thomas laughed with him. There was a quiet air of unassuming ability and strength of character about the newspaper man which asserted itself to every body of sufficient discernment to appreciate such a fact before he had been in his presence five minutes. The surgeon, moreover, knew him to be a man of his word. 44 Then I understand that this communication is confidential r fie asKed. 44 Decidedly, for the present." 44 In that case, I don't mind telling you that we came to the conclusion that Mr. North was shot between < I ht and nine o'clock last night." The reporter repeated the sentence word for word to" be sure there was no mistake, and rolled the pendant to his watch chain rapidly between his fingers. " What is it?" asked the surgeon, whosa attention waa directed towards the glistening White trifle. 44 That?" said the reporter, glancing down and up again with a quaint smile. 44 That's a souvenir of a case I worked on once. It was a woman's tooth, I suspect, at one time. It was a sort of a cluo which 1 followed to success, while the rest . But it doesn't matter. It's an interesting story, so I won't get started on it. I'm not so sure the North case won't equal it. Of course you know about that strange writing on the wall ?" " Yes," was the answer; 44 Dr. Jarrett said there was no doubt that a name was scrawled there, and that the writing was in blood." 44 Do ycu think Mr. North could have written it himself?" 44 Well, that is a leading question," answered the surgeon, as he leaned back in hie chair. 44 1 did not see the writing." 44 No?" said Thomas. He unrolled the photographer's proof. 44 Weil, there it is — natural size, just as it looks." The surgeon scrutinised the scrawl with great interest 44 Well, this is most extraordinary," he said. '« Why, you may plainly mark how many times be was obliged to dip his finger by the corre sponding heaviness of outline. Observe the S, the a, the h, and finally the letter following the u, where his strength seems suddenly to nave deserted him and the fiuger dragged down wards. That makes four times.' ' 44 Yes, if be wrote it," said Thomas. 44 But how about that, doctor?" 44 There is, at least, no conclusive reason why he might not have written it himself. It was certainly done with hiB forefinger. A careful examination of the end of that finger convinces me that it had not only been dipped in blood, but thereafter drawn over a surface while wet. The difference in the degree of the stain at different parts of the finger indicates that. How far above the floor is this writing?" "Just about a foot and a half. It is a tinted wall, and the writing is immediately above the footboard." In his interest the surgeon actually left his hair and got down upon his side by his study wall, and, raising himself slightly on his right elbow, began to trace with the forefinger of his right hand. 44 Just the right height," he said. " Was the writing horizontal? Did it nut just parallel with the footboard?' 44 Just about." 44 If a man had directed this writing from a higher point, Thomas, he would have written hack- handed. How was the slope of the letters ?" 44 Natural." 44 And have you seen any speriraens of North's handwriting ? Does he form his letters that way?" 44 Yes ; as nearly as eould be expected under the circumstances." 44 Then I should say," said the surgeon, rising, 44 that it is more than probable that Norm wrote it."' 44 But with a Wound like that," suggested the reporter, 44 death must have been instan taneous." 44 Ah, there you have failed to distinguish between speedy death and instantaneous death. lITLnf AAMimAttlw nollori lnefnntanAAiifi _ fT Ualr M WUllilVliiJ wiuou uov»tiv»iwv»»M from a shot in the heart, for instance — is by no means such. A second is an hour to a dying man. On the other hand, the severing of the spinal column by a bullet would actually cut a thought in two. Man goes into the presence f his Maker under such circumstances without an instant to prepare himself. But in a case fike North's, we most take into consideration the power of the human will to prolong life." 44 To defer the moment of death ?" asked the reporter, incredulously. 44 Certainly. A man shot through the heart often has time to cry out a sentence. The in- sredible swiftness of thought in the hour of mortal peril has been attested by the mouths of hundreds of witnesses. Rescued from impend ing death by some providential good fortune, they have declared that they lived over the vents of a lifetime in a few seconds." 44 But this writing on the wall was not an act of memory." 44 No. But with thought in a man of strong purpose would come quick determination and the power to act, even at that moment. You must bear in mind that Mr. North's death was earn ed by the filling of his lungs with blood instead of air. It was a painless death, and Mr. Nor h's will power would have enabled him to prolong his life sixty seconds — perhaps even ISO seconds — ample time for the writing of this name on the wall, as you can see. Take the name Paul North. Trace it slowly, as if you had to dip your finger in the writing fluid four times. There. Now, time youneli. How long «hu it take you?" 44 Just twenty seconds," said Mr. Thomas. 44 Exactly. Now yon understand the possi bilities in this matter of the writing ; and I tell you, Thomas, this talk with you only confirms and emphasises my belief that here yen have a great ease— one of the most extraordinary in my ex perience. If you can put what I've told you to good use, I shall be glad ; but mind., I shall not look to see it in the morning papers." The surgeon had arisen and was accompany ing the reporter to the door. Thomas stopped him by a restraining gesture. >4 By the way, doctor, stand just on you are. Now will you put your finger on that part of your body corresponding to that where Paul North was shot ?" The surgeon obliged him. Thomas, standing behind him, made several rapid measurements and calculations with his eye and hands. 44 There is something decidedly curious here, doctor," he said. 44 Stand behind me, please. Suppose me your intended victim, if it's not too great a strain on your imagination. Now see where you must hold your pistol to comply with all conditions — within three feet, pointed up wards at an angle of twenty degrees !" The surgeon, who hastened to attempt the experiment, uttered an exclamation of sur prise. 44 Carious how much a man may miss when he thinks he has observed the whole, some times," he said. "Why, I never thought of this before." 44 What, doctor?" "The man who fired that ball must have teen upon knees." 44 Precisely ! Precisely!" exclaimed Thomas. J ust my thoughts exactly. What sane person rould fire a pistol at a man in any such direction >t an erect attitude ? It would be almost equally heard if the assassin had been seated." 44 You are right," returned the surgeon, thoughtfully. 44 He might have been crouching behind some article of furniture — " 44 Or been previously knocked down !" Thomas interposed, turning a very nMwuiing look upon the surgeon's face. 44 So, indeed! That would indicate, then, & struggle to your mind !" 44 It would indicate that the murderer fired in self-defence, or from momentary passion in duced by North's treatment of him." 4 Good ! Good !" cried the surgeon. "Tnere's a theory that presents all the plausibility of life. These cold - blooded, deliberate murders are going ont of fashion in this age of the world. And thereupon the horrified murderer flees and the dying man writes his name upon the wall by whieh he lies." J Thomas shook hands warmly with the speaker. He did not say so, but the surgeon understood the action to indicate that the reporter was songratnlating him upon having arrived at the lame conclusions to which he himnilf had some. When Thomas found himself in the cool air sf the J une night again, he hastened at a round pace in the direction of N -wepaper Row. He was near the doer of hiB own office when a ">»n lumped from a horse-car and tapped him upon the shoulder. It was Detective John Lamm, direct from Swampscott. 44 What's your hurry, Kingman?" he in quired, with the easy assurance of a familiar acquaintance. 44 Gome up into my office a tew minutes. I want to talk with you." Ronorter Tnomas consulted his watch. 4" The fact is, old man," he said, with a frank smile, 44 I'm rather driven to night. It'a that North mystery, yon understand.'' 44 How do yon know that isn't the very matter I wanted to talk with you about?" re turned Mr. Limm. taking the reporter's arm with good-humoured insistence, and escorting lim, half reluctantly, to his own private den, as he called it. 44 Kingman, I know you, and you know me," said the detective, after they were fairly settled in their chairs. 44 It came to me when I saw you i'ust now that we might work this case together, t wouldn't be the first that we have handled together, eh ?" 44 You're right," said Thomas. 44 N >w, I'm interested in this North mystery very particularly, you understand," pursued Mr. Lamm, quite warming to his subject, now 1hat he was riosetted with a tried friend, and at an hour when he was reasonably secure from, interruption. 44 Not for the Government, of course. Private parties. And my opinion, gathered from all I have been able to ascertain about the case, is that it is very mysterious, very complicated, and may baffle even the most thorough investigation." Thomas pursed np his lips, and regarded the gas jet donbtfnlly. 44 You don't think so, eh ?" 44 When I hear what Thornton Stacthouse'a imui A GOU UJBVTVi JfVU UCtrMJi 44 Altbi, eh ? So you have the medical ex aminer's report ? Good ! Just what I was after. When did North die?" The reporter laughingly parried query with another. 44 Do you suppose I have the doctor's report on the autopsy in my coat pocket'"' Mr. Lamm ventured to express a shrewd suspicion that his fiimd did possess, by some fortunate chance or other, the essential facts of that report, and Mr. Thomas quite justified that suspicion by letting him know, in strict con fidence, the outcome of his interview with the surgeon. The detective uttered a long, low whistle. 44 Curious ! Mighty curious !" he com mented. 44 If you'll be so good as to give me an opportunity," suggested Thomas, 44 I'll be pleased to ejaculate with you." 44 Utnha ! You said a moment ago, Thomas, that your opinion of the case would depend upon the alibi of Thornton Stackhouse. What would vou sav if I told vou that the said gentle- man's elsewhere has one weak spot in it, in volving the precise period of time that you have mentioned ?" 4 1 should say nothing, hut remain in hourly expectation of Thornton Stackhouse's arrest." 44 Very well. See that you do say nothing, for the secret is yours and mine at present. And so you have already convicted the poor fellow ?" John Lamm took one of the cigars whieh stood upright in the upper pocket of his vest, and drew a match against the under side of his chair, which was tipped back against the wall. 44 1 must confess," Thomas replied, 44 that it looks to me something that way." 44 Oh, indeed, yes. The evidence is strong — even stronger, probably, thanyouknow — against him. But then " In lieu of continuing, Lamm lighted his cigar. 44 Thomas, what is your definition of a good theory of a mystery ?" he suddenly inquired, as he threw the match from him. 44 1 don't know that I ever thought of defining 44 Well, I'll tell you what mine is. A good theory is one which thoroughly expiates all the facts in the case.'' 44 Short and comprehensive," said Thomas. 44 1 subscribe to it, That'B my idea. Now, is there any fact in the case, so far known, in consistent with Thornton Stackhouse being the man r" 44 None at all." 44 Ah ! And yet I can see plainly enough that you don't subscribe to my opinion. Is there any fact which the supposition of his guilt leaves unexplained ?" 44 iSiere is one fact which the supposition of his gudt does not explain.'' 44 Well, now we are coming to the point. What is it?" 44 It doesn't explain to my mind why a certain individual of my acquaintance should be so anxious to convict him." 44 Name the man.," 44 It would be a breach of professional etiquette. But as you and I are old friends, Thomas, and never betray each other's con fidences, I don't mind saying to you that, if you can get hold of any facts tending to explain Mr. Richard Fet ridge's strong interest in this case, I shall be exceedingly obliged if you will bring them to me." 44 Jupiter!" exclaimed Thomas, opening bin eyes ; 44 there is more in this case, then, than I thought!" And when he left the room after a half -hour's further conversatioa, it was with the oonviction that, unless some unexpected thing happened to . determine otherwise, the North mystery would turnout to be a complication worthy of his best thoughts and his most skilful treatment. As for Detective John Lamm, he remained, for fully an hour after Thomas had left motionless and silent in a cloud of smoke. He was quite aware that his bold stroke of enter prise of the morning had put him a long distance ahead of any other possible investigator in the case. _ The question was how to turn his dis coveries to the best advantage. (to be continued, j 