WEDNESDAY, 26TH AXTQUST. In reply to questions it waB elicited ' that there was no intention to introduce a bill to impose a graduated absentee tax. That the port 'and telegraph offices at Dunkeld are now open.' THE BECHEBVAISE BOARD. Col. Smith asked permission (AB chairman) to report from time to time. The e&ect; of this would bB to make the proceedings public. Mr. Derham said that in his opinion the the committee had [gone generally into the oonduot of the post office department instead of confining itself to the Bechervaise oase. Col. Smith retorted that the object of the Committee -was to enable Mr. Smibert to answer the oharges that had been brought against him. The matter then dropped. AUSTRALASIAN FEDERATION. The question was fnrther considered in committee, and several 'clauses were passed. Progress was reported and the debate adjourned, the time for 'private mfemttts* business having arrived. - - Mr. Dixon moved the second reading of She Tramwayc Aot Amending Bill, wnich -was agreed to. Dr. Maloney moved ^bat a Beleot committee be appointed to inquire into and re-, port upon the letting of sab con tracts for tbe erection and completion of public tettdings. - , / Mr. Monro and Mr. Wheeler opposed tbe motion, saying that our public buildings were vary substantially built. Tbe motion was negatived tar87 to 14. Mr. Bailei moved that £600 be plaoed on tbe estimates for die benefit of Mr. Henry Frenobam, who was the first to report the discovery of gold in Bendigo. Mr. Oaltrim opposed the payment of rewards to any other than disoorersrs of goldfields. Mr. Monro said the request was one of the coolest be bad em heard, end Mr. Frencbam's claim to be recognised as tbe dlMOvsrerofgoldonUwfl«Jdbadbesnoj)eet by tbe select committee. Mr. It'Lellan said that be was present at n the field. He had a very high regard for lr. Frencham, but be felt that he had not he slightest olaim to a reward. ' The motion was negatived without a division. The House adjourned until next day. IT will be seen from our advertising columns that the art union in aid of the. Star' of the Sea Convent'will be drawn on titanday, 26th September. Holders of books hre requested, to send in the blbcks as soon as convenient before that date. MASTEB MORGAN FIELD, a student at the Holy Ghost. College, Ballarat, past with distinction the recent Public Servioe examination. : THE SHITH-HABVIT PATEHT LIGHT. — This wonderful light, a marvel of safety, economy, and brilliancy, is now on sale to the publie at the depots, 491 Kent-street, Sydney, 14 Arcade, Adelaide, and 453 ColUng-street, Melbo mrne. It can be inspected by the taiUiona of passengers who travel on the Sydney Trams, as it is used in every oar. Applications for country agencies (monopoly) may be made direot to the Company, Country buyers can obtain a sample light by sending a postal order tor £1 to either of the Australian depots, and mentioning this paper. The 8MITH-HAEVET Patent Lighting Company, Limited, Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide 