A NICE ROW BETWEEN THE "TWO BALLARATS." From Our Correspondent. BALLARAT, Friday. The proceedings at tbo mooting of the Bal larat East council woro very boistorous this afternoon, owing to tho oity mayor not inviting the town mayor (Or. Gale) and his council ' to tho recaption of' Sir Henry Parkes nnd party. Mayor Galo said tho oonduot of the mayor of tlio city was an insult to himsolf nnd to his councillors, and ire would never forget it. Or. Lartor was of opinion that the action of tho oity was dis- oreditablo to all aoncerned, and Cr. Williams (usually a grave, quiet counoillor) beoame warm over tbe allogod insult to the town mayor and councillors 111 not having been invited to the reception of Sir Henry Parkes in the sister municipality. He added tlmt much had been Buid about amalgamating the " two Bnllarats," but the disoourtesy shown that day bnd now prevented tlio possibility of suoii taking place. He asked, "Who wero theso pooplo in Ballarat West? What aro their antocedonts as publio men ? I can tell peoptu who want to know. Tlioy liavo treated us ns if wo woro a worm." Crs. M'Koe and Murphy, M.L.A., said too muoh vvas being made of tlio oversight, tlio former remarking that ns Mayor Gale had that ' afternoon attended the banquet to Sir Henry Parkes' ho " pocketed " tho insult to tho Bullarat East council. Tlio complaint against tiic city mayor was small and paltry, and it was such things that showed the necessity for amalgamating the two munici palities of Ballarat, and having only ono council. _ While Mayor Gale was on his feet reply to tho remarks of Cr. M'Kee a por tion, of tbe costly glass chandolier iinng- ing from tlio ceiling of tho ohambor came down witli a crash on to tlio tnblc, tlio piocos of glass, silvor work, &o.;, falling about in all directions. Or. Murphy roso mid said tliore was too much "gas" in the place, and that the unseemly proceedings had brought a witch or ghost into tho ahnmher. Further ex cited talk having boen indulged in, the noxt business was proceeded with. 