IY LADY. CHAPTER XYIII.— (Continued.) , "If Ii. consulted my own feelings," returned' Miss Aynton, in firm clear tones, "I should certainly have left Mirk before this, Lady Lisgurd." " Hush, Miss Aynton, for heaven-s sake !" cried my lady ; " the window is open." " But unless Sir Richard him self," pursued the , girl in more subdued accents, " releases me from my promise to remain until after his birthday, I must, with your permission, in .-dam, do so; otherwise, ho might po::sibly imagine that his presence is too qreat a trial for me, and I should lie bath indeed to have my departure so misconstrued." There was bitterness in the tone wit i which sho spoke, but determina tion too. 11 JL am to understand then," returned my lady, flushing, " that contrary to my advice and wish " 'Mother, dear, here comes the brealc," cried Master Walter, from the terrace beneath, in his ringing cheerful tones. " I hope you have told Roberts ab-iuG the prog." ' Yes, dear, yes," answered my lady, lovingly even in her haste ; then turn ing to the- -young - girl- -she- whispered almost fiercely : " At least, Miss Ayn- tb'j you will shape your behavior this ni crnoon as I requested. There is no no -w to discuss the other matter." j - j indeed the butler entered the next . i nci i:- with : "Tho break is at the door, 'my lady." " .No-.v, the break was a very roomy vfihick: with accommodation within it Uh- (in' j times , the party who were Jimv I out to occupy it, beside two r.'-at-f. 1 the back, like flying buttresses, f.>r fnMmehi Yet Sir Richard chose to sB - pon tho box beside the driver, a p; o only selocted (unless' for smok ier - poses) by persons with "horsey" cdiUi .-v ;oristics, who prefer coachman's t-aVi-: to -that of their equals, ' and r.uiong whom tho baronet 'could not justly, classed ; but the fact ihe -young man was in an evil trim-: aiid desired no companionsliip Tin', bin own, .He would have seen the whole expedition at. the bottom of the i metaphor open to the gravest objt :< 'ons, but which he used while ; g the matter with himself aloud \- it were not that that fellow YVT.1 tor was going — and — and — lie was :;> filing to let him have all tho talk u i I -i itself, that was all. True, Sir .Kinhr.btl had given up the idea of „ v. iMorming Miss Anyton into Lady L-; '.;, 'd ; but still it was not pleasant io : f- another man making himself ex- elvi ively agreeable to her. He was an- ir-y (i with himself at having exhibited si."-;, pnssion at the breakfast-table, for tlf' lore lie thought of it the more ho fe' > onvinced tlmt Walter's remark, a<t!ii'Ugh doubtless intended to be ofTvii.sive, had not been mado with any knowledge of his own rejected suit. iit.Hi, he was in a very bad temper, an I listened to tho conversation going c.ri 1 iliind Ins back with a moody brow, , at; -. svety now and then a parting of ii. ips, through which escaped some- t! \ the reverse of a prayer. r was Walter, of course, who was ing. Inhabited !" said ho in answer to .von i) question of Miss Aynton's: ' U dear, no. Belcomb never had a tenant but once, and I should think Yonkl never have another. One Sir Hevoh Grant and his brother took it two years for the shooting- '".son ; a brace of Scotchmen whose .ancestors dated from the Deluge, but no dreary a couple, that one wished that the family had started from a still earlier epoch, and been all washed away." " I thought Richard rather liked Sir H eron," observed Letty, simply. " Yes; because ho was a baronet ; titui birds of the same gorgeous plumage .-flock together, -you know. There was \- nothing remarkable about him but his ; feathers, and he scarcely ever opened his .'south except to put food in it. It' is said that in the old stage-coach times he and his brother travolled from Edin burgh to London rind only uttore j'bno -.en t« nee apiece. At York the younger brothor saw a rat come out of a whoat- riclc. " By J ove," cried ho, " there's a rat !" The next morning, and after an interval of about 80 miles, Sir . Heron replied : " Ay, if Towser had seen ' that rat, he would have made short work of him." j "Well, it. appears, they agreed at all events," returned Rose coldly. "After all,' even a foolish remark is better than.an iil-natured one." " The soonory is getting well worth your attention here," observed Sir Richard, turning graciously round towards. Miss Aynton. "Belcomb is a complete solitude, but for those who pre contented with the pleasures of the country it is a pleasant spot enough." 5' Can we. see the house from, here, Sir Richard ?" "No, not until wo reach this wind mill, on the top of the hilh The pri vate road branches out from tho high way at that spot ; and tho mill is the nearest inhabited house to Belcomb. By-the-byo, mother, Hathaway must be spoken to ?vboub those sails of his — there, you saw how even old' Jenny started at them — it is positively dan gerous for horses to pass by. Ho must build up that old wall a foot higher, and put a gate up. ' Any stray cattle might wander in and 'got knocked down — the sails are so close to the ground." Master Walter hacl not at all re lished Miss Aynton's rejoinder to his story : still less had he liked -his brother's ' striking into the conversa tion ; least of all did he approve of this landlord talk about repairs and altera tions, which reminded him of his being a younger son, and having neither part nor lot in the great Lisgard heritage, " There's tho Folly," cried he sud denly, with a view of changing the sub ject ; " upon that cliff-like hill yonder above that belt of trees." " What, that beautiful ivied tower !" exclaimed Rose. " Yes, without a roof to it." '.'Well, at all events, it's very pretty," said Miss Aynton. reprovingly "I am sure, Mr. Walter, you ought to be grateful to your grandpapa for building so picturesque an edifice," " He might have made a road, how ever, to it," observed Walter satiri cally ; " a road and a roof, I do con sider to bo indispensable." " There's a beautiful winding path through the wood, Rose," said Letty, "fifty times better than any road ; and is not the piece of water charm ing? It is the only one with any pre tension to be called a lake in all the county." Certainly Belcomb deserved praise. A small but comfortably furnished house, embosomed in trees, through which were tho pleasantest peeps of hill and dale, and spread before it quite a crystal tarn, with rocky islands so picturesquely grouped that they almost gavo the notion of being artificial. It was as though a seg ment of the lake country had been cut oil' and inserted into the very midst of Wheatshire.- It was as lonely, too, to all appear ance, as any Cumberland mere.. An old man and his wife, who were in charge of the place, came hirpling out with respeotful welcomes, and the latter was about to remove the shutters of the drawing-room, when my lady interposed. "No, Rachel; we will not trouble you to do that. We are going to picnic at the Tower. You seem quite sur prised to see us so early. I suppose nobody has been here yet upon the same errand." '"Well, no, ma'am, nor is it likely, after your orders" ' " Oh, the fact is, mother," inter rupted Sir Richard with a little stammer, " I forgot to tell you about it, but Rinkel informs mo there has been considerable daraago dono by parties coming here from Dalwynch and other places, and therefore he has put up a notice to prohibit the wholo thing in future." And, indeed, upon the path loading to " the Folly," which could be ap proached by anothor way than that in front of the house they presently came upon a board recently erected, which threatened trespassers with all the rigor of the law. There was a bitter sneer upon Cap tain Lisgatd's handsome face at this assumption of authority upon the part of his brother, and it did not soften when my lady thoughtfully remarked : " Ah, well ; that will certainly make the place very private." A curious reply, as Letty thought, at the time, for her mother to make, who was always so eager to oblige her neighbors, and who well know how popular Lisgard 's Folly was with the humble class of townsfolk in tho sum mer months. But she was destined to be vastly more astonished before that day was spent. Tho little party, so strangely out of accord with ono another, took their lunch, indeed," beneath tho shadow of the Towor, but all those harmonious elemontsjwhich are so absolutely essen tial to the Buceess of a picnic were wanting. There were no high spirits, no good-humored badinage, and not the ghost of . a . laugh. My lady, singu larly silent even for her, gazed around, her on the familiar landscape, or re garded ' the shattered cottage with a mournful interest, as though they re minded hor of happier times. Miss Aynton, careful of what my lady had enjoined, was studiously urbane to Sir Richard, but without obtaining the wished-for result, for while the baronet was thereby only rendered tolerably gracious, tho captain grew intensely irritated. Poor Letty, who was tho only one prepared to bo agreeable, or had any expectation of enjoy ing hersolf, felt immensely reliovecl when tho ropnst was concludod, and tho horses were ordered to bo " put to." As for strolling about tho grounds and pointing out their varied bonuses trt Rose, n.S sho had counted upon doing, that was no longer to bo thought of. Sir Richard, as usual, 'offmol his arm in stately fashion to his mothor ; but Master Walter, light ing a cigar, stood for a foW minutes looking down with knitted brow upon tho lake, then sauntered after them without saying a word and with both hands in his pockets. " Dear Rose," cried Letty, who j watohed these proceedings with little, sheprt of terror, " what haye you said I to make Walter so cross?' I never | saw him behave like that in my life. Ho did not oven look at you. Would | it be very wrong if you "just ran after him, and said a word or two before wo ! gob into tho carriage ? I am so dread- j fully afraid of a quarrel between him and Richard." "Just as you please, Letty," re turned Miss Aynton, looking pale, and a little frightened too ; and forcing a laugh she tripped down tho zigzag path in pursuit of the exasperated captain. Letty waited a reasonable time, watching the footman collect the debris of the entertainment, and pack the' plate, and then, supposing their difficulty had been adjusted, followed upon tho track of her friend and Walter. Tho path was not only of considerable length, but so very stoop that one little zigzag overhung another; thus, as she descended, she perceived through the thin spring foliage the two young people standing beneath her, although they were quite unconscious of her approach. She caught tho last words of something Rose was saying ; those were : " Walter, dear." . She marked tho girl stretch her arms towards him, as though she would have clasped them round his neck ; and then she saw Captain Lisgard, . of Her Majesty's Light Dragoons, put her roughly by, shako himself free of her with a movement expressive almost of loathing, and turn upon his heels with an oath. CHAPTER XIX. the finesse IN'trumps. It is the night before the Derby. The West End is thronged with men. The streets are perceptibly more thronged with well-dressed males than at any other time in the year. The May meetings brought enough of parsons and sober-coated laity to dull the living . tide — to almost make us Londoners a mournful people (which wo are, naturally, not, despite what Frenchmen say) ; but those grave ones have either departed from us, or are now: lost and undistinguishable in this influx of gay company. All the new comers are in their most gorgeous raiment, for is not . . this the great " gaudy " week of the wicked? Half tho officers of cavaliy in her Majesty's service have obtained leave of absence for eight- and-forty hours upon urgent private affairs ; and a fourth of the infantry have done the like ; they have come up from every station within the four seas to see the great race run, which is to put iii their pockets from five pounds to fifty thousand. Over their little books they shake their shining, heads, and stroke their tawny moustaches in a deprecating manner, but each one has a secret expectation that "he shall pull it off this once ;" for, upon the whole, our military friends have not been fortunate in turf transactions. There is a fair sprinkling, too, of respec table country gentlemen, who rarely leave their families to occupy their- old bachelor quarters at Long's or the Tavistock, except oil this supreme oc casion. Every fast University man who can obtain an exeat upon any pretence whatever — from sudden mortality in the domestic circle down to being subpoenaed by a friendly attorney in the suppositious case of Hookey (a blind man) v. Walker — is up in town resplendent, confident, young. Every sporting farmer, save those in the north, who have a private saturnalia of their own in the mid- autumn, has left his farm for tfto nights and a day; and is seeing life in London. Besides these, an innumer able host of well-dressed scoundrels — for whom tho word " welcher" is altogether too commendable — have come up from country quarters, where they have been playing various " little games," all more or less dis creditable, to work together for evil with their metropolitan confreres for four clays. Every haunt of dissipation is hold ing highest holiday. The stupid, ob scene Cider Cellers find, for one night at least, that , they have attractions still ; the music-halls are tropical with heat and rankest human vegetation ; Oremorne, after the crowded theatres have disgorged their steaming crowds, is like a fair. The strangers' room at all the clubs has been bespoken this night for weoks. In the card-rooms, the smoking-rooms, tho billiard-rooms, there is scarcely room to move, far less to breathe in ; yet there is everywhere a babblement of tongues, and tho words that, are most bandied about from feverish mouth to mouth are, first, The King, and secondly, Menelaus. The tout had kept his word— either from fear or" nicest honor— until the stipulated week had elapsed, and then the news of the trial race began to circulate": from his outsiders' place to that of fourth favorite, then of third, and at last to that of second had " the French horse" gradually risen. A curious and illogical position enough — but then the turf peoplo are illogical — for if the news that he had beaten The ' King was true, ho ought to hnvo been first favorite ; and if tho news was not true, he had no reason to find favour at all. As' it was, however, Tho King had come down half . a point as if to meet him, to 9 to 2 ; while Menelaus stood at 5 to 1. And hacl that trial race really taken place or not ? and if so, was it on tho square? Was the question whibh was just then agitating the- Houses of Lords and Commons (nay, it was whispered, Marlborough House itself), arid all thomess-tsbles in her Majesty's service, more than any other subject in this world. There was also a vague rumor that tho favorite's " understand ings " were not as they should bo ; | that thcro was a contraction that might be fatal to his prospects ; that I tho idol's feet were of- clay. Ralph | Derrick hacl "put tho pot' on" his \- Many Laws, and would bo a million aire if ho won ; but Walter Lisgard had put more than the pot. If the French colors did not show in front at the 'winning-post' the 'cajptaih, still to use tlieeleant'metaphor of/' the sport ing fraternity, : would be in Queer- stftepit. ,;So infatuated bad tho young man grown.' that' die had absolutely hedged even that one bet which insured him a thousand pounds in case The King should win tho race. Notwith-, standing his coyness in accepting the first offer- of. & loan from his unculti vated friend; he .had borrowed of him twice since, , in ' each case giving liis I.O.U., . wher.eby. . lie": .endeavored to persuade. -hiinself : that he ..was liquid ating an obligation ; - yet, unless lie considered- his mere autograph was worth thO sums for - Which it was pledged, I know rtothow he succeeded in this. For if Menelaus did not happen to win, he hot only would not have enough to discharge- his debts of honor for nearly i two years — wjien ho would comb' ititq.. possession of his patrimony'; of '£5000 — but even a great portion of that -would be bespoken. .Thus, of course, he had placed him self, through more greed, in a most unpleasant . position'; but at the same tlrt)Q it ; must be allowed that.ho had yielded, to asgreat tempta tion, such iis. would, probably have made- the. mouth ...of arty. financier, water, had the.::Ppp6rtunity: offered irt: this particular lirifer ; for with the exr ception of Umer'e ..outsiders; The Kipg ljad jjthat was to contend with him. oh ilie morrow ; and Menelaus, to Walter's certain know ledge, had bbaten The- King. Eqqinely speaking, then, it was a certainty that the .French horse should win the 'Derby; in Which case the young man's gains would'' be prodigious ; for not only had he- taken advantage of the original position of- the animal in the betting, but as the odds grew less and less; had still backed him until his possible winnings reached, on paper, to five figures; ;on . the other hand,' by this last -piece of imprudence, his possible- — . But lib, it was not possible. ".Things surely, wouldn't go so devilish cross-with a fellow as that ;" or to put 'the captain's thought in other wofds, the GoVornment of the Universe being founded upon just principles, Wouid never permit such a stupendous misfortune to overwhelm him ; or, it might be, the gallant cap tain believed that Fortune was indeed a female, and would therefore hesitate to inflict -calamity upon so pretty a fellow as himself. A1 -!10 same time the event . of the morrow was so big with fate that it was -not pleasant to dwell upon- it ; and anything which could have prevented ,1ns mind from recurring to the same would have been welcomed gladly. But there was but one thing that, had the power to do this. His anxiety was far too deep to be flattered away by the smile of Beauty, or lest in the sparkle of Wine. The homoeopathic treatment, similia similibu's, he felt was the only one that could now give him relief, and he therefore sought for. rest.from the cares of the racecourse in the excitement of the gaming-table. Do not, however, let it be suppbsed that the captain sought out aiiy. of -those convenient, establish raents for the. immediate transfer of propetty, which are guarded by iron doors, and always liable to the incur sions of the police, who, updn breaking in, discover four-and-tweaty gentlemen (one of whom has swallowed the dice), sitting-, round a green baize table in conversation about music and the fine arts. Mastor Walter was rash in his speculations, but lie ( was not madman enough to play chicken-hazard against foxes. "I think -I shall try my luck with the Landrails' to-night," observed he to his companion ' Derrick, stopping short in flaring Piccadilly, and biting his nails. The two men had been occupying lodgings in the same house, the Turf Hotel being full ; tho younger finding a species of comfort in the society of the part-owner of Menelaus, who was evon more confident of the success of that noble quadruped than himself. " By all means, my lad," returned the goldfinder simply, " although I don't know what they are ; and so as you take me with you, I don't care." Three weeks ago such a proposition would have staggered the captain, or rather he would have rejeoted it point blank. .To be .seen in public with his uncouth and flashly-attired friend-, was at that time a considerable trial to -the fastidious light dragoon ; but tho im mense interest which they had in com mon had rendered the familiarity of the once-odious Orson at first tolerable, and eventually welcome, and even necessary. He had 'taken him with him into quite exclusive circles, and, except on one . occasion at- Tho Rag, where Derrick, ; having ' drunk ' more champagne than was good for him, had ofiored to fight Major Pompus of the Fusiliers for what he liked, nbthing ;unpleasant had taken place in consequence. . Men ob served : What a deuced rum fellow Lisgard brought with him the other night ;" but the said, stranger had lost his' money very good-naturedly at tho whist-table, and it was understood that he had more to lo3e. Under such circumst'ancdS the ' gentlemen-players' Were very . charitable. . Mr. Ralph Derrick did not play a first-rate game at whist ; very few persons who have not been brought up in good society do ; but hi? performance was, not so inferior as to make success impossible for a night or two, however certain the ruin that would have overtaken him' in tho long-run. Moreover, he was never "put off his head" by the large ness of the staico, his habitual lavisli- ness in money matters rendering him indifferent ' to that matter. ' Captain Lisgal'd, on tho other hand, though an excellent player considering his tender years, was liable to have his nerves disorganised at any crisis of a' rubber upon which .an unusual amount de pended. " Yes," Repeated Master Walter, " I'll tiy my luck at tho Landrails, and vou shall pomb, too, Ralph. Any member has a right to introduce whom he likes.'-' " Even a miner from Cariboo — eh, Master Walter, provided he's got money in his pocko.t? . Well,.Pm their man, whether it's for whist or all fours." "All fours, repeated the captain, with irritation. " "Who eyer. heard of a- gentleman -playing at that game? Do, pray, be particular in what you say to-night. Whatever you do, call a knave a knave, and not a Jack. The Landrails is a very select place, Ralph, where men who like to play their whist more quietly than at the Rag look in for an hour or two rather Jate." "Heavier stakes, I suppose?" ob served Derrick bluntly. "Yes, rather. You see, there's always some row with the committee, if play gets beyond a certain height at the regular clubs. Now, this is a sort of friendly circle where the points are quite optional, and the bets too. Yes, I think I shall try my luck for a pony or too." " I don't think you look quite fit for whist, my lad, to-nigKt," returned Derrick, gazing gravely into the young man's haggard face. " To-morrow will be a trying day, remember; I think you had better get to bed." " I couldn't do it, man ! " replied Walter vehemently—" I dare .not. I should- never sleep a wink, and perhaps go. mad with thinking' before the morn ing. Look here, how my hand trembles. 1 have not nerves of iron, like you." " Poor lad, poor lad | " ejaculated the other with affectionate com passion. "Nothing, as you say, ever makes me tremble — except D.T. Ah, Heaven, but that is terrible ! Never drink, lad, never drink ; " and something like a shudder throbbed through the speaker's brawny frame. "The Landrails meet, here" said Walter, stopping at the door of a privato house in the neighborhood of St. James' Palaco ; " it is past 11, and I daresay play has begun." "Who owns this house?" asked Derrick carelessly, surveying the un pretending enement in question — " or rather, who pays the rent ?" "Well, I lidjie we shall, Ralph, this evening. The fact is, the hire of the rooms, the attendance, and even the cost of the refreshments, are all defrayed eaoh night by the winners in proportion to their gains. Money. does not change hands until the ensuing week, but the secre tary enters all accounts in his ledger, knd Seel; that) they are duly squared. I am Answerable for your liabilities to-night, so do you bo careful with the liquors. As' tho youthful Mentor adminis tered this wholesome piece of advice to his senior the door opened, and they were admitted. It was a most respect able house, neither very large nor very small, and neatly but inexpen sively furnished. Tho butler .was a man who might have been .the body- servant of an evangelical bishop, and whoso conscience was troubled by the spiritual, shortcomings of his right reverend miistor. To comb upon so grave and sad a man upon the eve of the Derby Day was quite a homily in itself. Through tho open door of the dining- room could be seen a cold collation, at which men dropped in from above-stairs if they felt so dis posed ; but there were light refresh ments in tho drawing- room also, and a great variety of pleasant drinks. The Landrails wore thirsty folk, and im bibed gallons of iced hock and seltzer wuter ; but thoy had not, as a rule, good appetites. There were three tables for whist, and one dedicated to piquet or dearth. All these had mas sive candlesticks screwed into their woodwork — perhaps only to prevent their falling oil'; but it also put a stop to any possible use of them as a weapon or missilo, and I think that contingency had been also taken into account. A candlestick comes un commonly handy to tho fingers when luck has gone pertinaciously against one, and tho man who has won all tho money is personally hateful. Above all things, it was important, in that quiet friendly circle, to roprcss all ebullition of temper, and to steer . clear' of all disputes,. Nobody, ono would hope, who wasdn a position to bo admitted to that society would stoop to cheat- ing ; but a little strap was inserted at the opposite corners of each table for the convenience Of marking the score, wherein, when the counters were once placed, they could not be accidentally removed by the elbou. The spacious ' room — for it was a double drawing-room — was ' by no means brilliantly lit up; a couple of bare wax-candles stood upon the re freshment-table, where, by- the-bye, there .was no attendant, each man helping himself at pleasure ; but the other four pair in the room had shades over them, which dulled their radiance, although it caused them to throw a very bright "light upon the tables themselves. "When the new-comers entered, which they did ' quite unannounced, the sight struck one of them at least as a very strange one ; three shining isles of light — for one whist table was not in use — amid a sea of gloom ; ten thoughttul faces with a sorb of halo round them, and one or two sombre ones standing by like. their evil genii, and watching the play. There was not a sound to be heard at first, except the dull fall of the pieces of pasteboard, but presently a hand being finished in their neighbor-' hood, a sort of hushed talk began about what would have happened if somebody had under-played the diamond. " What are the points ?" whispered Derrick in his companion's ear.' "Persona who aro acquainted with the pame of whist have informed mo, tlia; it is sometimes better — in the ease of holding two by honors, for instance— to be at three than four; (TO BE CONTINUED.) 