A JOUKNEY ACROSS SIBERIA, j Br James CAUi-nitrx. I'UOM VLADIVOSTOK TO UASDOI.XOI. It wub u glorious June inorniug wheu we started, uud we were iu (ho highest of spirit*. . Our turautussen were driven to the door, our luggage adjusted with some little diftioulty, and we were off. The yeiut*hikn, or driver*, started at u furious rate, uud I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved tj go gaily through a town, but betweeu the villages they could jog along iu the dozieet fashion. ' ' '»-? uoiuic will fiery steeds, ambitious apparently of out flying the eagles, settled down iuto quite respectulde roadsters, with such a pace as one sees to perfection when paying the cab man by tlie hour. Tue tarautass is a vehicle which stnuds next to the Chinese cart us au iuntrumeut of torture. That it is ugly uud olumsy is the iuiiallest fault to tind with it — that might be- mid ut some good pcoptu I know who are the very salt of the earth— but the fuult beyond ,*U other* is that, it is without springs, uud therefore every purt of our economy, is sorely bruised when tlie roads are rough aud we travel at uight. Ou lair roads it i* not so bad, but ou tough roads this de lectable vehicle can pouud the unfortuuute truveller uutil every separate bone iu his body aches. We aie compelled to take our lugguge iuside with us, u* there is no con venience for carrying it outride, aud luggago is not the pleasautest of tilings to sleep ou. Tlie knobs aud corners are distinctly iu evidence during the night, a* tho yemtsliik* then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey'ij end, uud.ftaring robber*. One may have do/ed off lit last, when a sudden collision with a root or stone will seud you flyiug heavenwards, coming back to earth, with u crash, or your taruntass lurches iuto a rut, aud your head is banged against the side, which either dazes you into ineekneMS or arousos all the fire aud fury of the luteut Adaui. Nevertheless, so greut is the adapt ability of the humuu frame to every kind of condition, thut before luy journey wus ended 1 fouud I could sleep very soundly, eveu under the conditions of a tarautuss. Adjust ment to surroundings is one of tbe great law* of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian taruutass. The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is hu altogether charming route, with pretty hills uud valleys, tho lutter de bouching upou tho bay, forest aud open laud, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to conic. After a drive of 21 veretn — the verst is two-third* of a mile — we came to a post station, and I had before mo the first sample of the hundreds that luy in front of me. l'he Russian Government hus put a network of post routes over the face oi the empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating coimnunijatiou. The stations ure let by contract, the contractor being compelled to keep so many troikas of horses, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of pairs, us else where. The central horse is betweeu the shafts, and trots. The other two ure attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside horses aro trained to gallop with their necks bent rouud, the oue looking to the left uud the other to the tight, so that us you sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogation. The post statious on the Siberian route keep from threo troikas to IS, aud the cost is fixed ba ttle Government at from 11- to » kopeks por verst, or, to put it so that it inay be better understauded of tho peoplo I am writiug for, you get three horses to carry you 20 miles for a little uudor half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver iu uiiy part of Australia at the rate of 2*. Ud. per 20 miles ! These are tlie rates west of Irkutsk ; east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writer* and speukers, that whilst the difference betweeu prices iu various countries may be immense, tho dif ference iu values may be very little. The horses are just as weU fed as those in Aus tralia, the drivers the same, though their food may not be quite as fiue. Undoubtedly the Australian driver has much more of all good things thau the Siberian yemtshik, yet uothiug to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact is thut the difference is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We inflate our prices and seem to be paying much more ; but, because we inflate all rouud, it praotically reduces things back to exchanging articles with liigh figures attached to tlicm, whilst the real values reinaiu untouched. If I sell a working muu a hat at 20s. , and he charges me a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we had agreed for 10*. or Is., and in this simple statement will be fouud tlie solution of many of the facts of the world where low-priced labour . makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate of the country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or Europe. Prioes or wages iu any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the well-being of the peoplo. Tho real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of popula tion, the productive capacity of the soil, and the industry aud moral Btatus of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian oolouel who spoko German fairly well, and wa.s immensely interested when he loarned I came from Australia. He made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, and we parted with high professions of esteem. Later on I found out that the idea that all Russian officers can speak another language than their cwn is an error. Quite one-half with whom I cauio in contact could speak nothing but Russian, or, . at best,, a few word* of French or Gorman. The best lin guists of the world, as far as the official and and upper classes are concerned aro un doubtedly the Dutch ; then the Germans, and after them the Russians. When I say the German*, I am not sure but equal with them are the Danes, Norwegians, aud Swedes ; all of these surpassing far the Latin races of every sort, and the Engliah-speaking peoples every where. I think I have said before, and if not I say it now, that the Americans and Australians shape to ho the worst linguists of the world because of their i*olation. Even with the reservations I have inado about the Dutch and Germans, it is still true that the Russians are excellent linguist*, and their pronunciation of any foreigu tongue is far superior to uny other natiou. This may arise from, the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these ure quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start waB in glorious weatber. In the afternoon it wus overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, and about 8 o'clock it was raiuing torrents. The whole of the Amoor Province ooast is noted for wet, no less than 230 days out of the year, being rainy, xt beoume dark us pitch, and at last wo got bogged. We had to get out and trudge along the muddy road, slipping and stumb ling as we went. I began to reflect upon (he fact that I had 0,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask myself what *ort of a journoy thi* was likely to be if the first 60 turned out in this fashion. Trudgiug wcurily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I begun to ask myself further if I wa- quite sano when I first re solved to undertako this journey. I knew somo of my friends had no inanuer of doubt whatever— thoy thought I was as mad as a March hare, and tho doubt begau to rise in ray mind if, after all, they weren't pretty right. The average manis a comfort loving rabbit, easily scared by discomforts aud dearly loving his own burrow, hating strauge food aud strange beds, prepared to gush with rapture over the glories of the Himalayas, if you tuko him up the heights in a lift, or to exploro foreign lands, if he can do it iu a first-class carriage. The itayat home shopkeeper spirits are the special If Irs uoires of travellers, and to feel that they aro right aud you are wrong is peculiarly galling to tho enterprising souls who broak fresh ground or depart from beaten and thereforo comfortable track*. Thus musing, with a certain - bitterness of unreasonable resentment against some good folks ut home, uh if they were in somo fushion responsible for my troubles now, I plodded on, gettiug more aud.inore .doggedly resolved us I plunged into the mud tlint I would not go back ut auy cost, but would see it through jii'st to »pite the critic* ! At last the dim lights of tlie little town of Rasdoluoi came in oiglit, aud about half-past 10 we were in shelter for the night. It was a miserable post station — one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There wero two poky little rooms, and there wero no lesK than ten men of us to occupy them. A* we ! had all come off the inuddy roads, the conditiou of the floor may 1h- iinHgiued. I selected the least dirty *pot I could find, uud, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to *leep. It was not the *leep of tho righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway rug oil it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning boue-soro and weary. Evtvi if I had been more comfortable, ono stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more ofi'ec ? tually than Ilauquo's ghost. His splutterings and explosions, his smull . artillery of snorting* and heavy cannons of long drawn suoriugH, exceeded anything I had ever hurd in my lifo. The other Russians took it all culmly, and then dropped off, though they commented upon it iu the morning, but it kept mo in a fever of helpless irritation. What could be done under such circumstances I could not talk to him, aud even if I could, I don't -upposu it would have done the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not his fault. We are searchim; about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring tho ends of heuveu und earth together ; will some practical lover of his species invent a triHoliiuo which, when fitted to our ears, shail make us oblivious of all disagreeable sounds, from inoring to application* for loans ? That would bo genius yoked- to benevolence, and there would lie a fortune in it. We made a scraggy breakfast the following morning, nnd started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey ; und yet, us we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly watchiug the country and admiring its boauty. Rolling hills nnd downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of the best soil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement iu this remote and unknown part of the earth. We ran alongside the River Suifuu part of the way, and some of its turns anil bends were exceedingly lovely; and from a practical standpoint I should suppose it will become navigable for a considerable dis tance from its mouth for moderate-sized craft. We passed over a good deal of couutry irreatly resembling the soil and rooks of ICyiieton, now beginning to be occupied. It wus a lovely country, the soil fur superior to the uverage rouud Melbourne, und I found myself asking the question ou this second day out from Vladivostok, wliioh I asked myself a hundred times before I left Siberia, what will this country be ? Tue quality of the soil was a revelation, the beauty of the scenery a surpri-e, nnd. the fact that it hav stood a solitary wilderness uIoiigHidc of China ami Japan, with their crowded millions, a surpriso greater still. Bofore I have finished these papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the Amoor provinces ure likely to become. j 