The English Presbyterian' Syriöäl . K k 15Qyearj» (saja a Lon|on go^omporár^V since the Synod of the Presbyterian:-.Cfiuïch of England was formed air Liverpool, through the union of two branches of the denomination that were substantially one in doctrine and polity. Since then the church has made encouraging progress, although it is still small in comparison with its sister" Nonconformist 'churches^, The synod which commenced its' sessions on the last ? Monday in April m the bid historic church of Regent Square, London, is probably the largest that has met on English soil since the days of the Commonwealth, being composed of about 570 members, of whom' 282 are repre sentative elders. ' The retiring moderator, the Bevi Jolin Thompson, M.A., of Newcastle, preached the opening sermon from the text : Í' It is time for Thep, Lord, to work, for they have made void Thy law/'-Ps., cxix,, 126 j and from which he delivered a telling discourse on man's antipathy to the Bible, and the Psalmist's appeal to God to vindicate His word. The Éêv. Dr j Monro Gibson, of St. John's "Wood, London, the present moderator, is. popularly supposed to be an American, though, as a matter of fact, he is a Scotchman, educated in the States, and commencing his ministry by IS years' ?ervice on the west of the Atlantic, be are removing to London. His moderatorial address was delivered before a densely crowded içhurch, his subject being, " Spiritual Dynamics j or, Human Channels for Divine Power," and occu pied nearly an hour in delivery, being one of the Söst finished productions that has been given om tho Moderator's chair for many years, and evidently made a deep impression on the large assembly; its salient points, especially towards the close, being taken up and loudly cheered. The following extracted résumé of the address may not be unacceptable to many of our readers : " Salvation/"'said Dr. Gibson, " is the Church's watchword-salvation here and now-of body, soul, arid spirit, but the church, notwithstand ing her increased activity in seeking to save men, and to grapple with clamant, social evils, finds herself comparatively powerless. There is inuoh effort, and much reliance, too, on divine power, and yet results are unsatisfactory. . What is wanted ? Some link between divine power and human- work.. It is a question of " conveyance," the bringing of divine power into close contact with human effort. Great attention must be" paid to the human side of the Spirit's agency; there must be less transcedentalism and more practicality in Christian work. The service of Juan must become more and more the expres ión and test of devotion of God. The ase had given much prominence to the human side of our Lord's life, and also to tue human side of the £ible; and now the great and crying- need of ¡he times was for human agency not merely to lo work but to transmit power. It was not an ut-pouring of the Holy Ghost that was needed that was given at Pentecost) but an in-letting. ?he block was not on the perpendicular line, but n the horizontal; men were barring the door of their hearts against tho influences of the Spirit. "What was needed was that we should open our hearts to His gracious influence, so that the cur 5ent should pass on through into others. The rying need of the times was not money, not preaching, not evangelistic effort, riot even prayer, but men saturated with the spirit of Christ, and enough of them to create a Christian atmos phere." 