MOKDEGAL Br E. Mayhew Biussejtdkn. (concluded.) On tho Tuesday ovoning ho had tho f honor of being declared by a largo and enthusiastic mooting to lie a lit and proper person to represent ratepayers. Tho following night an equally largo and enthusiastic mooting cauio to the samo conclusion with regard to his opponent; but he" was assured by his inonds that the opposition meeting wns by no means representative of public opinion, and that tho opposition enthusiasm was invariably hired. Acling on advice ho determined to diligently canvass the borough, .and for tho next two days his cart flashed hero and there with tho erratic brillianco of a firefly, or was scon waiting for him at tlio doors of many men, to whom Dr. Dayman introduced himself with a smile of extraordinary sweetness. Nothing had power to dis turb his smile, so fixed and constant was it, except tho vision of tho meagre and melancholy figure which repeated its monotonous gesture and cry every lime lie passed into or out of his own gate. Then Dr. 1-Iaytnan scowled and cursed tho fellow's obstinacy, and vowod that the whole thing wns a rascally fraud. Tho continual presence of the Hindoo had apparently "become a matter of pop ular remark, for Dr. Dayman often saw little knots of idlers gathered about his gato gazing curiously at tho crouching figure. How much was known of the matter out of doors and what opinions were held concerning it the doctor did not realise until he received by post one morning an issue of tho local paper , i. — j..i it ml.„ containing a lobior nremcu I.UO ii Question" and signed "An English man." Tho writer informed tho editor, ' with an attempt nt humor, that tho Eastern Question -had assumed a now phase and hnd'emigrnted to tho sunny clime of Australia.'"" A certain disciple of Aesculapius, :,in prnctico not a 100 miles away " owed a smnll debt, con tracted under peculiar circumstances, to a Hindoo hawker who was literally starv ing at the doctor's door for want, of the money. "Were the just and generous ratepayers of the borough — inquired the writer with sinister emphasis — were they 'going to allow these things to be perpetrated in their midst ? It was evident that tho writer had succeeded in rousing the indignation of a part of the community, for when Dr. Dayman came forward to spoalr that night at a meeting— his own meeting too — he was grooted from the hack of tho hall with cries of " Shame!" "Is ho dead yet?" and the like. One tjAstor was distinctly heard to propose " Dr Dayman's dark friend is a fit and" proper person," etcetera; and a chorus which narrated the successive destruction of half-a-seoro qf colored youths by an unexampled series of mis fortunes .was carried on with much spirit for a considerable time. Dr. IJavman ultimately managed to make himself heard and to speak his part; hut though urged to malco an explana tion, ho apoplotically refused. On his exasperated way nome n oc curred to him to see for himself whether thero was any truth .in the report that .his persecutor was starving, and he accordingly directed Thomas to slop at the gate. " It wns a bright moonlight night, but the Indian was not to be seen in his usual place, and tho doctor with a sigh of relief was on the point of climbing into his cart again, when his attention was arrested by two dim poiuts of light iu tho black shadow of the fence. Looldngmoreeloselyhcmndeout the form of the Indian sitting on the ground, his knees clasped in his arms, and hisjeyes shining like an animal's in the dark." Dr. Hnyman walked up to this catliko apparition and asked roughly ""What are you loaliug about hero for, oh ?" Thero was no answer or movement, and he went on "Are you hungry— want to cat? Because if you are there's half-a-crown for you." He dropped it as he spoke at ttie man's feot. " But as for that sovereign, it's a swindle, and you'll uevor get a penny of it out of mo if you wait till Doomsday." Tho Indian never spoke a word, but stretching out a skinny arm and claw- like hand, he grasped the coin, spat on it viciously, and hurled it out into tho dust of the roadway. Tho silent venom of this action rather astonished Dr. Dayman, who had fancied he was deal ing with a cat and now discovered something of tho tiger. He retired from tho field action more out of temper than ever. The next morning lie was sitting down to J.'is late Sunday breakfast, when a servant brought him a card with tho inscription " Professor Causfield." "Dear me!" said tho doctor, wearily, what a nuisance. Ask him if lie would mind coming in whilo I ent my break fast. Say 1 wns up all night and am very tired." Causfield wns a tall thin man with a Btraw-colored moustache and palo blue eyes, and dressed in the coolest of tweeds. My dear Dayman," lie said, shaking the doctor's passive hand energetically, " I'm ./W/rfully sorry to havo disturbed you.' Dr. Dayman mumbled soino sort of a woleome, and the. new comer seated liimsclf at the table and began to talk. "Tho fact is, my dear J layman," he said, " that I have some Bhndow of a reason for turning up at this unearthly Hour. In the first plnco I cumo to spend )KSunday with a friend out bore, in the second I thought I might as well take your Hindoo on tho way, and » Dr. Dayman diopped a plate, and under cover of tho table, as lie stooped, said something violent. « - and as the porsonago down yonder did not seem very talkative, I thought I might as woll run up and see you. How did I hear about him ? Oh, .quite a lot of people havo told mo. Everyone is talking about it, I believe, out here, end of eourso everything Hindoo has an attraction for ino in my official capacity- as Professor of Prim- eval Law, particularly when I fancy that I havo come across any. gonuinely ancient customs. Now as a matter of fact, my dear follow, you owo this man a triflo ?" '. " As a matter of fact, my dear sir, I don't," said Dr. Dayman with somo violonco, "and I don't intend to pay him a brass farthing I ". " Woll, at any rate, ho fancies yon' owo him something. And as far as tho brass farthing goes, don't halloo, till you're out of the wood." " What ou earth: do. you moan ?" said the doctor. " .Tust this," replied : Causfiold. " Your friend out thoro is putting the scrow ou you in a way flint luis been customary in India sineo tlio time: of Mflnu. In this country, of County Courts and Christianity, my denrfellow, that heathen is sitting dharna on your doorstep." " Sitting iclutt ?" cried tho doctor, with his eyes open. "There's nothing vory uncommon nbout it," continued his friend, with tlio modest prido of a naturalist showing a raro specimen. " You see, ho simply aits nt your gato until you pay him, or until he dies of starvalion ; and iu tho latter case his ghost will haunt you per sistently for tlio rest of your lifo. And let mo tell you, Dayman," said the professor impressively, " that unless you havo a privnte income of your own it will ho exceedingly awkward for you to havo a ghost after you everywhere ; not an ordinary ghost cither, mind you, but an .Tndinn ghost. Patients don't care about those things at any price." " Well, at any rate," said Dr. Day man gloomily, " if ho hasn't -oaten anything for seven days, as you say, ho can't last much longer." " Nonsense, my dear sir," cried Caus field. " Thcso follows think nothing of fasting for tlireo weeks or a month at a time, just to get into training for the longer fasts enjoined by tho sacred hooks." " What do you think I ought to do," inquired Dr. Ilnyninn a little anxiously. " It will bo a confounded linisanco to have that fellow dying slowly in front of the houso." " Well," said his friend, " there nro two ways. You might possibly get an injunction to restrain him from further proceeding in tho matter without the leave of the Equity Court.. Then again yon might pay him." " I'm blessed if I do," cried Dayman, jumping from his seat and pacing tlio room angrily, " not a sixpence." " Oh, yes I you will, though," said Causfield smiling. " The force of public opinion and your own senso of justice, or pity, won't allow you to lot him starve down thero. As for popular opinion, it is getting pretty strong." " You don't moan to say so 1" said tho doctor, .stopping short. "But I do," replied Causfield, as ho rose to take his leave. " And as I understand you tiro a candidnto for sonic local election or other I think you should luivo settled tho matter before. You'll have to do it sooner or later, mark my words." During the rest of that dav Dr. Day- man was restless and irritable, and seemed not at all pleased with himself. On tho Monday, which was the day of election, ho continued in the same mood, refusing all entreaties of his friends that he would go out and mix in the meele. Late iu the afternoon ho walked down to tlio gato. A fow people were stand ing on tlio footpath staring at tho crouching figure against tho fence, but, scared by tho doctor's scowl thev moved away. When they had gone Dr. Day man looked at tho Hindoo. Ilia Faco was gaunt and drawn, his limbs shrunken and his eves glittering, and he mut'ored to himself aa if in delirium. Moved by a sudden access of pity for tlio miser able boing and perhaps by a senso of tlio powcrlessness of his own will in tho faco of such immoveable obstinacy, Dr. Dayman drew a sovereign from his pocket and hold it out. The Indian raised himself to -his feot slowly and with difficulty, took tho monoy, and silently shuffled away, swaying and tottering like a drunkon man as ho went, and srw and then supporting himself against the fence. When the doctor turned from watch ing him ho snw advancing from tho opposite direction two figures. Ono was short; and stout and hardly kept abreast of tlio rapid strides of his tall companion. As thoy drew near tho doctor recognised Tulrm nnd Causfield. " Da !" gasped the fat man, mopping his faco. " 't's all over — game's up — that damned nigger did it." " Look here, Tutlin," broko in Dr. Ilaymnn savagely, "I rather fancy your heart is not as sound as it might ho, ,nul if voil will run about; in the sun yoq'l) bo bowled over like a ninopiii one of these fine days." Tlio fat map gasped loudly and then beeamo very quiet. /Vs .the doctor turned away irritably ho met tlio other man's cool smile. 11 It is interesting," said Causfield pleasantly, " very interesting to see tlio methods und iiieas pf ancient nnd almost forgotten pcoplos aotunljy at work in an environment so utterly separated from theirs by tho gulf of' racial differences nml alien civilisation. Don't you think so, Dayman ? " " I'm hanged if I do," said Dr. Day man. Question of Ownership, — On a slave plan tation in Cul-a tlio rain was falling in tor rents. A negro who was walliing along tho road carefully stowed his lint under his clotboH and continued his journoy bare headed. " Why, Pompey," said a whito man, "your head will got quite wet!" " Hoe. lice, hco," laughed tlio negro, "bond inassa's ; lint my own 1" It Ai'ns Mighty Hard to Keep.— Little Elsio hung about her mamma's visitor all day with hor lips shut very tight, and some times with her hand over her mouth. ' Whaf is it, Elsio?" tho visitor nt last inquired. Elsip unlocked her lips. "Mamma said I must lccop my ipoujili shqt. She's orflo 'frnid I shall tell you thatUpclo Arthqr has to sloop 9p the floor whilo yon aro hero." 