DR. WOODLOCK ON THE CRISIS. The Most Rev, Dr. Woodlock, Lord Bishop of Ardagh and Clonmacnoise, made the following statement at the twelve o'clock Mass in the Cathedral, Longford, on Sunday, 25th January:— I understand that some of our parishioners wish to have a meeting today to uphold the late leader of the Irish Parliamentary party, thinking themselves wiser on a question of public morals than the united Episcopacy of Ireland, led on by the venerated successor of our holy apostle St. Patrick. I deem it my duty, therefore, as your bishop and pastor of your souls, to give the following advice to such of you, my people, as may be willing to hear my words and follow my guidance. Although as a citizen I have a right to speak my political opinions, I shall not do so on this occasion. I address myself solely to the question of public morality and to the line of conduct you ought to follow on this occasion. There are circumstances, we told by the Church itself, in which if our right eye scandalise us we must pluck it out, if our right hand scandalise us we must cut it off. Were the present one of these cases we should follow the advice of Christ—first, while using every lawful means for the promotion of our country's cause, we look to God and to his blessing alone for success; that blessiBg we cannot hope for if we place our destinies by our own free act in the hands of one who has flagrantly outraged a most sacred commandment of Qod, and still glories in his shame j and, secondly, lavon in the past on guilty cities, #nd many persons repognised a just punishment on widespread immorality yrhen, a few years ago, the capital of s great nation was besieged and takpn, ^nd a million of freemeu were prisoners in the hands of their enemies. To accept as ojjtr leader a convicted adulterer is in some n>easure to condor bis crime—to make our country in some measure fiharpr in it, and to expose her to those terrible punishments which the Almighty in His just wrath inflicts upon a nation for the crimes of her rolprs. I may be told that public crimes have been committed in other cases and the people are not the worse off.. This is the old argument of the wicked from the beginning, and the Holy/Ghost furnishes the wiwrcr by tolling us that God ii patient, but that His anger afties on a «uddeh, aad that the justioe^t the righttoooi ahtil 4®U*er thrie, 'tift the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness. Thirdly, efforts are now being made to separate the people from their priests. We rely on you, my faithful people, that you will bring to nought their efforts, and maintain your old fidelity, through which you have been so often led to triumph by patriotic bishops in the past, and by your devoted clergy. Let our motto be as it always waB in Longford:—"The priest and the people for ever." To resume what I have said for your guidance—First, if some illadvised persons think themselves wiser than their bishops, do not interfere with 1 them to-day; let them hold their meetiog; by your absence show your disapproval ; you shall have your opportunity later on of expressing your sentiments, which are those which religion and patriotism dictate. Secondly, on this day let no one give out intoxicating drink indiscriminately or gratuitously; the doing so would commit a grievous offence against the cause of religion and country. Thirdly, give offence to no man. And may the peace of God,' which surpasseth all understanding, keep, your minds and hearts in Christ Jegtts our Lord. 