THE SCENE AT NIGHT. It" is strange how some of the scenes which have been most disastrous to life and property have afforded some of the grandest spectacles that the world has seen. It was ro at these fires. Those who stood on the Violet Greek run on Saturday night when the moon had gone and the blackness of nigbt made a background which threw up into bald relief every detail of the fire, will never forget it. It was a scene that was awfnf cuuugu uo command admiration u it could have been dissociated from tbe reflection of the serious damage it was canting, and the trouble and suffering that might ensue. There was a great sea of flame that seemed tn ran through the dry grass like a liquid element, so swift was its progress. Almost as quickly as tile eye could move from point to point, the ' flames followed. Tranks of trees and dead trees and green trees alike were wrapped around in the flames. They did not seem to stay the progress of the element for even a second. It seemed to grow and encompass them. Some of the hollow trees assumed most fantastic appearances. -Flames issuing from every limb gave them the appearances of giants, who were battling with an iuward demon. Gloude of smoke from the burniiig green wood swept down like ghosts tiirougb the vistas of bnraiDg trees. The frightened birds were screaming iu every direction, and as the brash fences crackled and roared as they bnrned, numbers of rabbits scorched and burned in their warrens, Cried out with a note pitifully like a child in _ pain. There was not much wi ld stirring, but at every fresh breath tbe flames gave a louder roar and the burning trunk-, flickered -up anew. The scene was more than grand, there was a weirdness about it that reminded one of the descriptions of VValpcrgis night, acd the witches riding ont to their feast with Satan. From far and near came the sound of falling trees. Some times, with the sharp report of a cannon, a tree would split the fall length of its trunk, ,and then some giant bough come crushing down with a noise like thunder. Often the splitting and foiling trees in tile -distance sounded like the groans of human beings in pain. Gradually the grandeur otthe scene died out, the smoke cleared offaad the burning trees and stomps looked like the lights of a great city. As the morning gathered in the East and day light dimmed the fire of the smouldering trees the picture took its true form. It was a panorama of ruin— the blackened earth, the charred timber and the fallen trees, sur rounded with a pall of smoke, spoke only of ram and desolation. It was each a tight as might have inspired eome of Gaetare Dord'a marvellous yet awful pictures of Dante's Inferno. A land-holder . who was asked to testify to tbe greatness of the sight when the fire was most fierce answered feelingly enough, " A.man that owns lrad can neier look at a fire like tbat with anything but feelings of p»iu." 