AN ADELAIDE GHOST STORY. [From our London Correspondent] London, November 27. Glancing through Mr. Stead's " Real Ghost Stories" I chanced on the following, which comes like most of his " copy' from the records of the Society of Physical Research. " Super- natural warnings," he remarks, "are some times on absurdly trivial subjects; sometimes, while serious and even tragic, they seem power less to avert the danger against which they warn. Here is a story which "is full of the tragic fascination which attaches to the straggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in vain to avert the event which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing within the sight of those to whom he had revealed the vision." The story in brief is as follows:—Mr. Fleet was third ru2.te on the Bailing ship Persian Empire, which left Adelaide for London in 1868. One of the crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, as the Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, he was ordered with his watch to secure a boat hanging in davits over the side. He and another got into the boat when a fearful eea broke over the dip, washing them both out of the boat into the sea, where they were both drowned. The dream made Euch an impression upon him that he was most reluctant to join the ship, but he overcame his scruples and sailed. On Christmas Eve, when they were nearing Cape Horn, Cleary had a re petition of his dream, exact in all particulars. He uttered a terrible cry and kept muttering, " I know it will come true. 53 On Christmas Day, exactly as he had foraseen, Cleary and the rest of the watch were ordered to secure a boat hmgjrig in the davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said he refused because he knew he would be drowned, that all the circumstances of his dream faad come true up to that moment, and if he went into that boat he would die. $He was taken below to the captain and his refusal to dis charge duty was entered in the log. Then the chief officer, Douglas, took the pen to sign his name. Cleary suddenly looked at him and exclaimed, '■ I will go to my duty, for now I know the other man in my dream." He told Douglas, as they went on deck, of his dream. They got into the boat, and when they were all Tnalnng fast a heavy sea struck the vessel with such force that the crew would have been washed overboard had they not clung to the mast lot boat was turned over, and Douglas and Cleary were flung into the sea. They swam for a little time and then went down. It was just three months after he had dreamed of it before leaving Adelaide. 