A FAIR .TAX. IT will be remembered- by some-that shortly before 1882 the Government of the day imposed a slight duty on every gIllon oftleer brewed" in Victoria, but on the accession to power of the O'Loghlen Ministry this -impost-was abolEshed, and thei question of the ad visability or otherwise of again placing it.:on the Statute book has not since been seriously revived. The present Government, however,.would seem dig osed to consider whether such a tax is not both equitable and necessary equitable because it falls on shoulders well able to bear it in the person of. tile iealthy brewer, and' necessary, because the poverty in Victoria is keeping so much in the even running with the cplony's .prosperity that it is evident that in the not distant future we shall leave to rely on something more certain than 'spontaneous" charity for relier. Despite all the efforts of temperance organizations a large oamount of money is spent annually--first in purchasing liquor by the individual, and secondly by the State in looking after him when he has taken more of it than is good for him,and some means must be adopted to at any rate partially make good the financial leakage caused by these two aources of expenditure. It appears fronr in the creation of a permanent poverlty stricken class, and a poor rate or some tnjng of the sort will, sooner or later, be the inevitable result. Under these cir cuinsfances the beor had better be made tolpay for the damage it does as far as possible. No doubt the tax will be un populair in some quarters-few taxes are not-but it can hardly be fairly assailed as & piece of ' extreme' social legislation. We understand the presentation of the Ormond Cricket Club prizes took place on Monday evening, Mr F. Armstrong presiding. Songs and recitations were given, and a very pleasant evening spent. Had the usual compliment of on invitation been extended to the local journal it would have afforded us pleasure to have published a detailed report. The success of the Essendon Town Council's new loan (Loan No 3) of £27,000 has been an agreeable surprise to the general public, who from reading much in thu.newspaper about 'Colonial indebted nee.,!' lightness of the money market' etc., had begun to fear that the venture would be something of a failure. Instead of this however tile loan realises a premium of £1 3S Id per £100, which is a great de posit on that obtained by No I and No 2 loans, viz Is 3d and 10s 3d respectively, The Town Council, naturally, are very jubilant re the loan. Attention is drawn to an advertisement in another column relative to a sale by Messrs A. T. Clark and Smith at Kensing Hill, to morroweof business and residen tial sites opposite the new station on the Williamstown line. Very little business" was transacted at the Flemington Police Court on Tuesday, a case in which Mr. Wales, estate agent, made an unsuccessful claim for commission against a client named Chadwick, occupying the greater portion of the citting. Several owners of " fell-blaoded" goals wpre proceeded against for allowing their pets to wander, and fines at the rates of five shillings per nannie, with five shillings coasts, were imposed. John Landlaw pleaded guilty to a chouge of using bad language in a pablic place, tnd was fined £5. Mr. McKeatd appeared for this defendant and suggested that justice would be met if his client placed £2 in the poor box, but the bench-Mesesr. Barrett, Rigby, Green, Jamieseon and Sutton-thought otherwise. ,.The Mayor of North Melbourne said at the Council table this week that there were a number of unoccuoied houses in the town which were frequented by vagrants who had been shifted from the City in con sequence of their "rookeries" there being demolished. Spch a state of things was most undesirablo and would injure the town. - It was decided to refer the matter to the health authorities. Mr, James Keatney, rate collector for North Melbourne, has our readers will be glad to learo, pepovered from his recent painful illness, red yvm able to attend the Council meeting in his oEpcial capacity this week. The Flemington Council have had posters displayed about the Borough offeying a reward of £20 for the con viction of the persons who lifted the pound gates ofa their hinges and released some 50 goats on tim night of the 23rd. So far no one has come forward to try for the reward, but as there were three persons concerned in the affair there is still a probabilty of the culprits being brought to book. The Inspector's raid upon the gopt ,Will no doubt hare the good result of making people look after their nsonies more carefully in thile ftpre, the fine Imposed by the local bench on Tuesday being an.rcieptly severe to act as aroution. The third Coroert of the 1orth ERb. urban Choral Union will take place in the Masonic Hall, Ascot Vale, next Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock. In addition to a varied and interesting series of items the programme includes a harp solo by tis Deimling, The Rev Professor Macdonald, who or some years past has (in conjunction with Professor Rentool) been at the head of theological affairs at the Ormond College, left with his wife for an extended trip to continent last Monday on ,board the Polynesian. A very large number of friends were present at'the leave taking, which testified to the high appreciation entertained towards the professor. On Friday last he was the recipient of a purse containing some 300 sovereigns. Professor Macdonald will be absent till the end of the present year. It is stated that the Rev John Thomson, of Konsing. ton, will probably undertake a consider able portion of the absent prottssor's duties The 'book fiend' was in evidence at the North Melbourne Court on Monday, and our readers will learn all about that gentleman's fortunes in another column. Sullice it here to say he got an order for the amount he sued for. The 'fiend's' victim had 'not a ghost of a defence' according to Dr Lloyd, and will have to pay up, 'in default distress.' It appears defendant signed an order for the book, but foolishly sought to defend the case by a mere ipse dixil to the effect that the book was not as good as represented. However, the volume was handed up to the bench ablaze with gilt clasp and edges, and the Chairman was quite enraptured with it-in fact the canvasser had better visit Franklin street. Seriously, however, it is foolish in the extreme for eager buyers to waste their own time and that of the public by attempting to refute documentary evidence in which their own signature figure .prominently. A lad named Daniel White was charged at the North Melbourne Court on Saturday, before Cr Gracie, J.P., with using obscene language. Constable Oahir said he arrested the prisoner on warrant, and tihe language was of a moat disgusting character. The magirtrate said the bench were determineoad to. keoop the streets decent, and fined White £3 or a month. The attendance- last week at the Oromond v Capulets match, a report of which appears elsewhere, was not as large as that of the previous Saturdays, the impression prevailing in many quarters that the last named club would be put through by the close of the afternoon. However, this turned out to be a false theory. A proportion of the spectators, ere the play commenced, improvised a wrestling match on the ground, and one individual was stretched full length opposite the pavilion indulging in a siesta from which he was roused rudely at the hour.of play. The ground is spacious, but is by no means the most charmingly situated one about Melbourne, and the much abused local 'glue-pot' has far better accommodation for visitors. MIr M. L. Hutchinson, the well known proprietor of the Glasgow book warehouse Collins street west, will remove during this month frome his present to larger and more commodious premises in little Collins street east, almost opposite the Royal Arcade. Gradually the large warehousemen in Collins street are vacating their old places for positions more in business centres. Collins street will, before another ten years have passed away, cease to become a place for general business, but will be strictly taken up with banking, insurance, and financial institutions. The tendency in these directions are at present very marked. There was another threatened prolonged "barging match at the North Melbourne Council this week, to one of Cr. Laurens' "explanations" He rose to ask "pro tecticn" from the Mayor against "inter ruptione," but his speech was mainly a eulogy'on the excellencies of a particular clause in the Local Government Act, and references to the "day of judgment" and the "bear garden." However councillors, with the exception of the Mayor, got so thoroughly tired out and spoke their minds no "straight" that the " old man" of the Hill" gave it best, and was mute for the rest of the evening He explained pre I viously that he rose to explain "more in sorrow than in anger,' at which pathetic quotation Cr Steel was unleoling enough to laugh,. Cr Laurens is evidently deeply Swounded as hie declined to put a che a rished notice of motion which and allowed Council to get through the business before t he ai nvoraTy services In connection with the Camberwell Congreational Sun r day School were held on Sunday, and Sproved most successful. tin the 1Wednes day the annual tea meeting took place, \- under the skilful management of the ladies, proved very enjoyablo. The publio meeting was largely attended. The Bev A. Jones, the popular pastor of the church, presided. The scholars, who earg excellently during the Sunday services, acquitted themselves admirably in their recitations and singing. TheDuet 'The Master stood in the Gardens,' the quartettes 'The Christian's Good Night,' ' No more Tears,' and Hear the Angels,' evoked" much applause, while the dialogues 'The Peacemakers' and 'Come unto Me' were finely rendered. The school, under the able management of SMr James Ure, superintendent, has made steady progress as the secretary's report ful)y'testified. After a fwr remarks by Mlr Nicholls, the vice- president, who is leaving shortly for England 4a delegate to the Congregational Union, the appropriate quartette was rendered with good effect ' God be with You till We meet again., Mr J. F. Walker congratulated the superintendent and teachers on the progress of tile school, and, after a vote of thanks to the ladies and various friends, the proceedings terminated. 