VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. West of England, September 12, 1891. [By WALTER BESANT.] Those who are not interested in village economics may pass over this paragraph. Those who are wilt perhaps find something to interest them. It is not fiction, at any rate. The parish in which my village lies is wry large, covering a great extent of uncultivated mooriand. It is cot up into farms varying from 250 to 400 acres, but many so-called fields are nothing bat bits of hillside, untouched by plough or spade, covered with gone, thistles, and fern, affording a little keen for sheep in the summer. Formerly the parish belonged to about a down yeomen, all of whom cultivated their own lands. The day of yeomen is past, most unhappily for the country. There is now not one left Most of the parish belongs to a rich man, who has made his money in London trade. Tbe popu lation has decreased, and is decreasing etilL The reason is obvious. The farmers of these little moorland farms, since the laud is no longer their own property, have now their rent to pay, and most employ fewer hands than when they owned their farms. Moreover the young men now read, think, grow am bitions; they are no longer willing to spend their lives in the rough servitude of a farm laborer; they go away and seek their fortunes in other places. If one wants a spare band for any kind of work he cannot be found in the parish; there are barely enough for the work of the farms. . . The rustics who have remained get about 12s. a week, but are not always paid for days when the weather is too bad for them to work. Their hours are from 7 in the morning till 6 in the afternoon. But then they take half an hour at 10 for lunch, and an hour at lffqr dinner. Then, hours are much shorter than formerly prevailed, and the wages are at least ss. a week higher. Yet 12s. a week does not seem a large income. OutofthiE they have to pay about eighteenpenoe for rent, getting a email and very poor cottage of two or three rooms. There is no extra money to be got in these parts by harvest work, and, indeed, there is little harvesting to be done, excepting oate. Every cottager, however, has his garden, in which he grows potatoes and other vegetables ; they all have a pig, many have fowls, and in Gome gardens hives are kept Their compara tively short hours give time for working ad their gardens. As for their food, they fare a great deal better than their ancestors. Every cottage now has its good dinner of mutton or beef on Sunday, on other days they have tea and bread and butter before going out in the morning, for dinner there is generally a .piece of cold bacon and bread, for supper a dish of hot bacon and potatoes, this is their principal meaL If so many go away, why do not all go? Because those who remain are fond of tbe old place. But this attachment to the native village will grow weaker and weaker as know ledge of the world extends. We may certainly look forward to a time when all young men, except the imbecile, will refuse any longer the lowest and poorest paid work in the world. We shall lose oar rural population altogether. In some parts which have suffered most by the depression the farmers are said to be emigrat ing wholesale in order to save what is left of their capital. If the farmers go out of the country, and lie rustics leaves toe villages, jwe ehall be in a delightful condition indeed. And where, one would ask, are we to find recruits * The soldiers who formerly fought our battles for ub were the stout and lusty sons of the BoiL What will they be in the future? Certainly, from this parish not one single recruit could bw enlisted. There is not one man to spare. I am no political economist, and no doubt I talk as a fool, but if this depopulation of our viuapes, this depression of tbe greatest in terest of the country, could be prevented by anything, even by a small concession to pro tection, I think it ought to be dona. Twenty years ago one used to ran across the village green to the inn for a tankard of cider, 'which was admirable with dinner or luncheon. It was a thin bout cider of very Blight alcoholic strength, but loved by the people for its "grip" of the throat. It was the universal beverage. The men sat in the settle every evening, each man with his mug of cider before him; they drank it on the harvest field ; they drank it with dinner. Now, alas, it is gone. The village inn keeps cider no longer, and the men all drink beer, which is not nearly so good for them. The national beverage is in every country something light, sour, slightly alcoholic, and cheap. Here it has been cider from time im memorial. There is strong cider, and there is a weak cider. The people have always drunk weak cider. So the flench have always drunk a thin, sour wine, mixed with water; tbe Italians drink a wine so thin and Krar ac to be more bke vinegar than wine; the Roman soldiers drank vrater flavored vritb vinegar. The beer which our ancestors drank was a very light, home-brewed staff called email ale. It was flavored with berries of some kind to give it a taste and to catch the throat. The drink of the people will never be water; their drink must always possess the qualities of taste, "for choice sour taste, and "grip" of the throat, and it must be slightly alcoholic.* No people that ever lived willingly drank water. Xone ever wilL An honest, but moderate, consumer of bfcer, once of my acquaintance, used to advocate tbe establishment of a good liquor league. He said that the adulteration of bear and other drinks was the real cause of drunkenness; that bad beer makes the drinker thirsty, while good beer quenches thirst. He argued further that if workmen drank nothing at all but beer, pro vided the beer was lightand wholesome, he would be a more healthy man and do better work than nowwhen he takes daring the day bad tea, some, times bad beer, and sometimes bad spirits. He also advocated the introduction of cider into the villages, with perry, and some of tbe old fashioned British wines, some of which were pleasant He wbb a prophet Light beer, in tbe form of lager beer and Pilsener beer, is already making great advances. It has nob yet reached the villages, but it win get to them in the course of time; the rustics will take kindly to the pleasant effervescent draught, and the old heady, strong, and sweat stuff will appear no longer. We were talking a week or two ago of ghosts and appearances. Here is another experience, not personal, but nearly personal. A long time ago, being then in a far-off island, I was living in a little country house, about eight miles from the town. One evening about 6 o'clock, there arrived a certain friend"who was chief accountant of a bank in town, and lived in the bank alone, except for the iWK?n ser vants. As (bey slept out of the honse, he had the bank all to himself at night He came, it appeared, to dinner. During that meal he was silent and distrait Presently, however, be confided to me the real reason for his calL It was not to dine with me, but to get me to re turn with him, and to sleep at tbe bank. The night before, he said, at aboat 9 o'clock as he was sitting alone, tbe door flew open, and there appeared a man whom he knew to be in London. This figure sat down, crossed its legs, and looked at him. He got up and changed his thair. The figure turned round, and oontinned to look at him. Thereupon he went to bed, but woke up at intervals all night long, and got up to see if tbe figure was stui in the room. He saw it, in the darkness. It was there all night long. It only vanished with the daybreak. "Now," said my friend, " if that ghost comes to-night, and-I am alone, I shall go mad. If you will come back with me, I don't mind if there are a dozen ghosts." I went back with him, and took a bed at the bank. There was no ghost {at aJL He ought to have heard that the man had died on that very night But he heard no such thing. The man may be alive now. The next story I advance with reserve. It was told me by a^poung medico, and we ail know that medical stndent? are of a peculiarly reserved, reticent, and sober race, averse to exaggeration, and remarkable for thejvezaciiy of their anecdotes. He who related tbe follow ing astonishing experience told me that it took place at St. Bartholomew's, or perhaps it was at Guy's or St Thomas's. The essential thing is that it took place at a hospital Yon will observe that a hospital must have in it every kind of ghost, including tbe least common, such as lam about to describe. There would be, of course, the common herd of ghosts; the poor folk who have died in the wards in the ordinary way. There is every reason to believe that the ]>air, whose appearance you shall hear, belonged to patients quite out of the common. It was evening, and not late. One of the resident house physicians, a voting man, with a trivnd, also a young medical man, whose evi dence can be procured to corroborate the story, was> playing- a game of double dummy, with an accompaniment of tobacco and whisky and water. They bad lieen playing for some little time, uothing unusual happening. They were seated at a square table. One of them, at the beginning of a new game, had to deal to his own dummy, ac is the rule at double dummy. When he finished, a most wonderful thing happened. The cards of the two dummies were taken tip I>y invisible hands, which arranged them and held them in the usual fan like form. It was as if the cards were in the air. The two men looked at each other and at this phenomenon with Btupefac tion. If they had not been men of science they would have fled, ahrMJrtnfl. Then one of the dummies' hands" were sharply rapped on the table "That means, Flay/ whispered one of them, and, with a gasp, he led. The., play of the invisible dummies was all right. The leading partner took tbe trick and.' returned, changing the suit to show tbe hand fiheheld. I say she, becanse by this time (bent were visible the hands and arms that held the cards, but nothing more. One of the players was a woman with bare sums showing from a sleeve of white lace; her fingers had rings upouthem. Toe other was a man's, with aiC ordiuary coat sleeve and white cuff. The men put down their pipes and removed the « Lifrkey and u.-iter to another table. T<, e y ulajxd tlu-gaiuein solemn silence. Pcese?itty it Ix carve apparent that the lady p'yijtJ a ■•.as-teily game. She lit-M good card*-.*' did hu- lamiai. Tliey scored in lac |«st ru<>— double, treble, aad the rub; and in (he t*:ond —trebla, aiagla, and the rub. *' N«*ec, n my narrator told au, "did I play with a finer .player. She seemed to- know by instinct where every card in the pack was. At the end of the double rubber tbe arms disap peared. They went away as they came. I bay* aever Been them since, though I often invited then to come by dealing the (sards on the table. I have* often wondered who tbe lady was; young, as I gathered from the ap pearance of bar arms; a gentlewoman, as was thown by tbe taper fingers and tbe rings and the lace and a certain way of carrying litr arms. Frolicsome, as was proved by j her sitting down to play with only ' her arm visible; unmarried, from the absence of a wedding ring. Who could she bet Why wasihefara^t to tbe hospital? What is her story 1 Why did she die so voting? Above all, bow oould she, at her early age, liuvt.' acquired soch a knowledge of whist ♦ It iy very rare to find a girl playing whist evea d.oently. Perhaps, after—after tearing the hospital, * he added with some delicacy of ex p« ntsnee, " she may have found opportunities for practice. As for her companion, be was comparatively uninteresting-. He had chalk stoneeon his fingers and be was only a mediocre player. Be neglected his partner's lead, he bottled her trumps, and once he threw away tl.e king of trumps, not even trying to save it ?■> an obvious finesse. Bnt the lady—the lady \- >be, indeed, was divine P " Ethel, dear child, is going to bo bridesmaid ::t tbe wedding. There will be four brides maids, all children, and all dressed in whit*.'9 This from a letter which I read just now. My dear young ladies, brides elect, who are arrang ing the details of the greatest day in life, engaged young ladies who have not yet fitted the day, and maidens free for whom the Prince has notjyet arrived, let me remonstrate with you. What does it mean, this fashion of child bridesmaid* t It means nothing. It is an aheurdity. Nay, it is ridiculous. What does the fashion of bridesmaids meant It is a custom as old as die hills that the bride should be statoiwci by taejbndogroom from tbe com pany of maidens. This custom is perpetuated in almost all wedding ceremonies over the whole world. The two or more bridesmaids represents tbe company of girls. So that the FubEtrtntiaa of children for girls makes this part of tbe ceremony meaningless and foolish. The Americans are reported to be greatly moved by tbe fact that tbe managers of the Chicago Exhibition have invited Lord Tenny son to write aa ode for the opening ceremony. Therefore tbe offending managers are reported to have replied; first, that they didn't do it: next, that they didn't mean it when they did it; third, that they did tbe same for every other country. This is perfectly satisfactory. Now, Lord Tennyson is acknowledged to be the first of bring poets m tbe Knglishlangnage. Therefore to invite him to open an industrial exhibition with an ode—which he would cer tainly do for them better than anybody they have got in their own country—would be at «>Bce a graceful compliment to tbe venerable Laureate and a token of kindly feeling. I would invite our American cousins to remember a certain fwrmn'wij four or five years ago, when we wished to celebrate tbe erection of a bust to Fielding in Westminster Abbey. The dean on that occasion—and his action was warmly approved by all classes—did not invite any English man of letters to make an address, but he invited an American (James Russell Lowell), who accepted the* invitation and made tbe firw>*« oration possible—pne worthy of tbe novelist of whom be spoke and o>f bis own powers. This was intended by tbe dotn as a compliment to America; it was an acknow ledgment of tbe first inheritance which they possess hi Weetmiueter Abbey; this was so understood a* home and, I believe, in the States. Bnt no Englishman dreamed of being angry or hurt because each men as George Meredith, Matthew Arnold, John Robert Seeley, and John Morley were passed over in favor of a foreigner. The administration of the free libraries of Paris made an awful discovery the other day. i Tbey discerned that tbe people asked for | hardly anything but novels. Bo they ordered the librarians to coax, persuade, ana induce the people to read other books. The librarians began to coax with zeaL The people an went away. Tbe librarians desisted. Then the ' people all came back, and are now reading ' novels again with real. Everywhere it is tbe same flung. A free library is opened. Then novel-reading on a large bcslo begins. Then a EcJenrn person (with a capital P) named Mr. Ponrpo?ty i>oageax?,or sotnethmfftothateffect, publicly calls attention to the deplorable neglect ofwMbeemns Mgood vbopka. Nothinghappais, and the people go on just tbe same. This Mr. Pomposity Ltngears, who lounges to his own office st half-past 10 in the morning, and never does a stroke of work after 5 m the evening, and never has done since he first began, pretends to be disappointed because people who have worked hard from 6 in the morning tfll 6 at night do not, in the evening, undertake a course of geology or euclid, or M>me other science, which would not advance them one step. Instead of that, to this intelli gent gentleman's disgust, they read "rubbish." That is to say, they read books which transport them out of themselves, inspire them with ideas, t-how them bow ether people live, and broaden their views and teach them charity and brotherly love. My friends, the contempt for imaginative literature is hard to kill Yet, to alter a well-known phrase, I care not who makes the laws of the country so that I may write their novels for the people. There is no teacher like tbe novelist; he who writes a book which "catches on" with the working men has more power orer them—because they are un conscious of it—than the greatest orator of the day or the most popular paper that is pub lished. One of my earliest recollections, dim, misty, and dreare-uke is that of being taken to see the Duke of Wellington drive through the streets. I have a dim memory of standing at a window and seeing a great many people in the street. Presently a carriage drove slowly by, in which a gentleman stood—Why did be stand t And «lid be really stand t and bowed to tbe people, who shouted loudly. Now I never could understand why or wherefore the Duke of Welfingtoo made this triumphal entry, and I had got to believe that the whole thing was a dream; but the 3Hmts has cleared up the point. It is no dream. I really did see the duke on that occasion, which was no other than the arrival of the French fleet with King I-ouis Phillip on board, when the duke ana the Prince Consort and other grand people vml down to Portsmouth to meet them. I ?m glad that it was not a dream. Later on, in tbe year Ml, I frequently saw the duke, and I remember perfectly bow be rode slowly along the Row in Hyde Park, saluting every body—for all the world took off their hats to "the duke"—with the forefinger. I was also (resent at his funeral. We had to get up at 5 o'clock —in the dark — and got somehow to a first floor in the Strand, or Fleet-street, which had been hired by those who kindly invited ma At about 10 o'clock there was served the finest breakfast I had ever seen—memory has en larged this feed to «*J nasal proportions—there were sausages, ham, bacon, chops, steak, jam, ?-ggp, marmalade, toast, cake, tea, coffee. I be?ere there was also beer for those who were permitted to drink it. I wasn't. And presently came the prooessiau, which is history, Bui what follows is not history. One man, I xemeaiber, had a carrian all to himself L and he beguiled the tediousnaas of the journey by reading the paper, whereat there was in dignatksi in Israel. I wonder who that person wae, and if he still lives. 