OPENING 'OF ST BARNABAS" OHUROH, SHEFFIELD. -.yr. A-new Anglieun uliuroh was.-.soluuiniy"..,,.: dedicated to tho worship! aof.s. God on Thursday . 'afternoon. . , Tlio building , centrally situ'atod, and . is 40ft- hy. SDft; is uritered tlirottglr-a porcliji .und.-a plat(or|n,-i . ! p which will do duty as a cliancul, has been erected, hut "the la'tthr 'willjf ha added as- ' soon us 'funds permit. , Tlio uruolion of ' t ifa; tin >ld i nif-Ii taGiuun i quickly, ntttidr fuitll- -i'lilly; curried out liy-- ,Mr. II. ,. Riper,, .oL liiit wlio, i under,, the., snpervismtifiut ;Mr H-.:, ... aWintur, as-clerk nf-.works. ihTliu. huililliig ,.| lias cost £267, 'tin I, --.-with: seats, Ac,: tlio total will' bo-tihoiit £300, anil apparently good, vliluo lor . llio1 money lias heun nh- r lained. Tho church was,- in a manner, of spoaking; opeueil. 'irou ut - dolit, though about- £150. has been diorrowodtlon tho church iiiumhors'e 'guarantee,- -£50 ; of iwhicli is lent by H.SvLordsliipfroo of "intorcst. Tlio mem hers of-tho elmreli at Sheffield -liavo ulso- .given, groat aaststanco i - -by voluntarily doing - tlio fencing, "and"- making other improvements free of churgo.. Thu Imihliiig fund was largely auguion ted " by. a guncrous, gift ot; £60- lroui tho.t - 1 BiSliop; 'I'lto interior of the building is r. very warmly- constructed,- , being wains- (coled and.1 pine-lined throughout. There w3s - a largo attcnilanco nt the opotung coreinnnios, which woro conducted liy His LordBhi|i Bishop Moutgouiury, assisted by tho Rov Ciiiiou Aduuis (ot Uagloy), Gamin Ieely (of Sheffield); Revs W. Hogg (ot Lutrolio), J. G. Morning (of Delonmiu),- und W. Sharlsnd (of. Wcsthnry), and Mr til. Winter (lay render, Railton).- Tlio; '.Bishop, nttendud by his chaplain und regis-' . ttrar (tho Uovl.G'anon Adaiiis),- wUB rocoived- at-tiiO; door ot tliu church- by the .above, ; iniuisterspand I hero a petition, to, conHe-! -cruto the eluireli was dclivcrod to tlio Bishop, who ordered" it to- be read, which wiib done liy GunonTeely ; after. which Hie Lordslup, having consented to eoiisecruto t lie ohurolip.noeoilipanied by tits clergy, proeoedeil up tliu aisle to tlio ultur,' llioneu .they returiiud along'tlio oliiireli,'- iinii hack ognie, repealing tliu 24th Psalm. After 'which, -His Graco received the deeds of tho church,1 .which iie'lay,. tpguthcr with , tlio .- petition, upon tlio holy table or ndlur. Then tollowud some slioi'l senletfces. responded to heartily by all. prcsuut,. und . Mis. Loril- slup addressed nl j> resent us follows .'hDcarlybuloveil 'in the Lonl; for us much as devout und- lioly-iiieiiraswull.nudur.tlia law us .under the. gospel, moved pjther by sot-rct inspiration of tlie Holy Ghost, or liy the express command of. God, have erected liuuses for the puhlic-wursltip of God, and separated tliourf ruin- ull prolunh anil com-' : mon ushs, which .godly, prnciico liatli a manifest tendency to fill1 men's minds with 'greater rovcreucu'.; fur- His glorious iiiujesiy, ami uffuct-thutr hearis with more duration and. humility tti His service,, lot 'us not doulit hut that-; ho -avill also favor- ililt untirrtrtii /in i- tit'i-ann I -htirnnaii uF onf. ting apart, iir suleiini nnnne'r, this plaeo lor the several offices ot religions worship, unddot-iia'faithfullyraud devoutlyiuug.'Uis tilussmg oil- this our undertaking." Tlien followed mid. Collects mi l Psalm exxii, after which.: His Qruuu offered .up- special : ' iiiloreessioiis : tor . those ewjio should, bo., Gaptisud, or confirinuil in'tliu'elutreii ; 'for ' all communicants und hearers j turall tliosai wltu sliould he: married, make offering, or should worship witliin' t lie building. - Then, tlio congregation standing, -tbe eousucrutiuu .. was feud uluud.hy the .Registrar and aigned by His Lordsl.ip llie Ilisliop, und orduredp! willli tho pqtitiuii; und'iothui': deeds, to :ho., - duly recorded, in the.- Dipee8iiii..RegisL--. Tliuii His Lordship 8uid': l'',I'deb|afe' this t'tiurcir .of-Bt'lBUrUiib'aa.toe.bu M6w<corisa-': crated arid set apart1 to:Goil for over, in 'tlio :nuiueVof- the;Fuliio.r,Vuhd' of;lhu,'.Shn; lihdbof.-Rio'vHolydGhosr.vtAinienf'vi.'Tlicu fuiiotv'ed Hyiiiii No. 396 (1st, paid ), further :pra vers." Iiyrnhs, find aMsh'tt'islioi't udilross ' froui Hiis Lordship, wlio said liu hoped the vf u tiiroftrauld. > bo su , hriglit ; one for the cliureli ithil 'little -eoiigiugation, tliuugh lie ilid iiut wisli; iii duiy' way : to 'inflaeuee inoiiVhofsiof utli'er churches : wlio , uiigli' ho -present.' fflrift ho -prayers; tlioy had heard 'tholdiiuuihurs of ; their ehurcli iovoil to bitliuvu to be the Biitiia spiritual iiieauing uud ulmoBt tlio satho. munncra us iu tlio early liuvB of their elim-eh, 1500 or IGOO yours hack. Ilo would spociuily.usk t.liom to roiuomber tlio words, " Bo yo Holy/oven us I am Holy," , Lut thorn , take those 'words homo, poiideb over tliem, and try to be disciples of tho one tr-ici God, uud try to do Mis will. He urged that they were 'God' children, and were in duty bound to servo him, und, as such wus tlie case, let tlioir uetions speult to the world, around by living liolier, belter, uud purer .'Jives. He asked them when they cuiuo into God's liouso to lionoi- and revoronco Him wlmse presence was specially nuar when two' or three were gathered together in His name, uud also to kneel humbly wlion in tliut Proseuco, and tliut tlioy all should liolp itt tho service, and not let .tho clorgymuujdo, all. He then invoked a blessing from God upon tlio congregation prosunt. While singing tlio second liyinn a collection was taken up which iimonniad to about £7 10s. Mrs Ieoly prcsiiloil at tlio orgau and playod thu .voluntaries on going in urid coining out, and ulso playod the liy tuns very nicely. Another service was held in the. evening, aud it was unnounced tliut His Lordship, uccoiiiuunied by .Canon. Icely and _otliors',. would un tho following duy visit tho sito of aootlii-r proposed now church to he orcctod for tlio Beuluhoind Paradise people, and that there would bo ii working hoc for the removal of -timber, 'Ac, from the sito. Notice' was also givoli of the services to he held in St Barnabas Clltiroli on the follow ing Sunday at II,. 2.30 (confirmation - service), and 7.. o'clock, _ the Bishop to ulOeiato at ; eaeli.'ussiatod Canon Ieely. Ou tlio following duy (Monduy) u tea meeting' wiis unnounced to take plaeo in llio liolan-l : nail, prooaeds in aid of too liiiildimr fuini. . ' .. 