The Monster Diamond. A TALE OF THE PENAL COLONY OF WEST Al'STEALJA. BT J. BOTLS O'BEILLT. 'I'll have it, I tell yon ! Curse you-tliere !' The long knife glittered, was sheathed, and was hare. The fawyer staggered, and tript, and fell, And falling, he uttered a frightened yell ; His face to the sty,he shuddered and gasped, And'tried to put from him the man he had grasped. A moment before in the terrible strife. .I'll hare it, I tell yon, or have your life- _ Where is it ?' The sawyer grew weak.but still His brown face gleam'd with a desperate will, j Where is it?' lie heard^ind the red knife's I drip In his slayer's bard, fell down on his lip ; 'Will you give it?' 'Never!' Acurse-the knife Was raised and buried. Thus closed the life Of Samuel Jones, known as * Number Ten ' On bis Ticket- of-Leave, and of all the men In the Western Colony, bond or free. None had manlier heart or hand than he. In digging a sawpit, while all alone, For his mate was sleeping-Sam struck a stone With the edge of the spade, and it gleamed like fire. And looked at Sam from its bed in the mire. Till he dropped the spade and stooped and raised' ' ? . . The wonderful stone that glitter'd and blazed As if it were mad at the spade's rude blow ; \- JBÄtSJWSfJrTr!»! pif, and tay on the ground, Looking over the raould-heap at the camp Where his mate'.still slept ; then down to the swamp He ran with the stone, and washed it bright, And felt like a drunken man at the sight Of a diamond pure as spring-water and sim, And larger than ever man's eyes looked on! Then down sat Sam with the stone on his knees, "And fancies came to him like swarms of bees To a sugar-creamed hive, and he dreamed awake Of the carriage and four in which he'd take His pals from the Dials to Drury Lane, The siks and the satins for Susan Jane, The eonntless bottles of brandy and beer He'd call for and pay for, and every year The dinner he'd give to the Brummagem lads He'd be. king among cracksmen and chief among pads. And he'd sport a Over him stooped his mate, A pick in band, and bis face all bate. Sam saw the shadow, and gacssed the pick, And closed bis dream with a spring so qnick The purpose was barned cf Anion Mace, And the sawyer mates stood face to face. Sam folded his arms across his chest, Having thrust the stone in his loose shirt breast, While he tried to think where he dropped Ihe spade ; But Aaron Mace wore a long keen blade In his belt,-he dr»w it,-sprang on bis man What happened you read when the tale began. Then he looked-the murderer-Aaron Mace At the grey-blue lines in the dead man's face; ?And he turned away, for he feared its frown More in death than life. Then he knelt him down Kot to pray-but he shrank from the storing eyes, And felt in the breast for the fatal prize. And this was the man, and this was the way, That he took the stone on its natal day ; And for this he was cursed for evermore By the West Australian Koh-i-noor. In the half-dug pit the corpse was thrown, And the murderer stood in the camp alone. Alone P No, no ; never more was he 'iv, pw rt from the terrible company Of that grey-blue faceand thebleedingbreast, And the staring eyes in their awful rest. The evening closed on the homicide, And the blood of the buried sawyer cried Through the eight to God, and the shadows dark That crossed the camp hrd the stiff and stark And horrible look of a murdered man ! Then he piled the fire, and crept within The ring of its light that closed him in Like tender mercy, and drove away For a time the spectres that stood at bay And waited to clutch him as demons wait, Shut ont from the sinner by Faith's bright gate. But the fire burnt low, and the slayer slept. And the key of his sleep was always kept By the leaden hand of bim he had slain, That ope'd the door but to drench the brain With agony cruel : the night wind crept Like a snake on the shuddering form that slept, ' And dreamt, and woke, and shrieked, for there, With its grey-bine lines and its ghastly stare, Cutting into the vitals of Aaron Mace, In the flirking light, was the sawyer's face ! Evermore 'twas woe with him, that dismal sight The white face set in the frame of night. He wandered away from the spot, but found Nb inch of the West Australian ground Where he could hide from the bleeding breast, Or sink his head in a dreamless rest. And always with bia he bore the prize In a pouch of leather : the staring eyes Might turn his son), but the diamond's &1> am Was solace and joy for'he haunted dream. So years rolled on, while the murderer'- mind Was bent on a futile quest-to find A way of escape from the blood-stained soil, And the terrible wear of the penal toil. But this was a part of the diamond's curse, The toil that was heavy before grew worse, Till the panting wretch in his fierce unrest Would clutch the pouch as it lay on his breast And waking, cower, with sob and moan, Or shriek wild curses against the stone, _Thai BM oaly m .ÉUB0_#..r »»U «cir; Jiw% be darr not Orto*v»iHl bc feared to tell Of bis wealth: so he hove it thro" hopes aad ">-:.?-; feat»,- C .U ?: ' \- His God aod bia devil-for years and years. A nd thus did fae draw near the end of his race, ' With form bent double and horror-lined face, And a piteous look, as if asking for grace , Or for kindness from someone : but no kind ' word Was flung to his misery : shunned, abhored, E'en by wretches theraselves,till his hfe was a curse. And he thought that e'en death could bring nothing worse Than the phantoms that stirred al the diamond's weight,- ?. HU QwnUfe'a ghost and the ghost of his mate. Sb be turned one day from the haunts of men. And their friendless faces : aa old man then In a convict's garb, with white flowing hair, And a brow seared deep with the word . :. . Despair/ : . He gazed not back as his way be took To the untrod forest ; «nd O, the look, ~ ' The piteous look in his sunken eyes, . Told that life was the bitterest sacrifice. But little was heard of his later days : Twas deemed in the West that he changed his ways, And tried with his tears to wash out his sin. Twas told by some natives who once came ia From the Kojonup Hills, that lonely there They saw s figure «Uh long white hair ; "They camped close by "where bis hut was made And «ere scared at night «ben they sa« nc prayed To th« white man's GooVwdoaoae wild nifhfl They had heard his voice till the moraiafl light. Years passed, and á sandalwood-cnttcr "stood At a ruined but in a Kojonup wood. The rank weeds covered the desoíate floor, An ant-hill stood on thc fallen door. The cupboard within to the snakes was loot, And the hearth was the home of the bandicoot But neither at but, nor snake, nor rat, . Was the woodcutter staring so fixed, but at A human skeleton clad in grey. The hands clasped over the breast, as they Had fallen^in peace when he ceased to pray. As the bushman looked on the f<irm, he saw In the breast a paper ; he stooped t>i draw W bat might tell the story, but at his touch Fi om under the hands rolled a leathern pouch And he raised it too : on thc paper's face He read "Ticket-of- Leave of Aaron Mace.' I Ileopened the pouch.and in dazed surprire At its!=tiange contents,he uables&'-d his eyes Ticoso Inmpof qnnrtzjipound weightin full, And it fell from bis bund on the skeleton's skull. 