MUSIC AND DRAMA. M. August Wiegand has courteously supplied tho following information con cerning the alterations which have, at his suggestion, been made in the organ at the (Jenteimial-nall : — JL. xne pneumatic stuus which are situated between the keyboards had been constructed aud placed according , to the English organ system, tliat is to . say ; with combinations of mixture stops, twelfth, j furniture, sharp mixture, etc., shrill stops, I very disagreeable to the ear when tiie organ is , not played witli all its strength and power. By means of the new combinations of tho Paris school — French system — the stops are transformed into sweet tones, agreeable to the ear, mellow and more velvety. The : organ lias thus become a real gem. 2. The j ' vox humane. ' which was placed in the 1 choir organ is now in its true place, tliat is i to say. in the swell. The ' vox liuinaiia ' was, as I have just said, placed in the choir. I Its proper place is in tiie swell at the rear of j the swell -box, whilst before it was placed quite in front of the organ. The vox huinana ought to have a plaintive and mysterious character, and for this reason in many of tho organs constructed by celebrated French aud Swiss organ builders, they place the vox Inmiaiia in a second box at the back of the organ. Here the swell-box is admirably well constructed, so tliat the second lio.v. for t lie vox huuiaua is not necessary. 'bills change has just been effected with great success, and 1 may say that it very much resembles the vox liumiiiia of tho organ at Fribourg, in Switzerland. 3\. The " balance pedal will be placed in position after the 12 first recitals. Tiiis system is adopted by all tiie great organists of the whole world : it lias an immense ad- 'ran: age over tho old systems. One is en abled by this means to bring out ituancf ' of expression in lire same mariner as a violinist virtuoso can upon his violin. After these changes arc completely finished I can c-srtity that the .Sydney organ will not only be tho largest, but also the finest in the entire world, it will be a veritable masterpiece." At M. Kowalski's concert on Thursday next, there will be hoard, for the first time in Sydney, Gounod's oratorio " Tobias," originally performed in Paris about the year 1856, when it obtained great, success, it is interesting from the l'aet that its melodies are of the same character as the immortal "Faust," and it is full of novelty and inspiration. It is written for soli, chorus und orchestra, and generally it is performed with piano and organ. 'J'iie soli are Raphael, soprano ; Aline, contralto ; Young Tobias, tenor ; Tobias, basso eantante. A melody in the work for the tenor may pass for one of tile greatest inspirations of Golinod, and the ensemble of the oratorio presents an elevation und purity which gives it. an especial place amongst tiie reli gious aud dramatic works of the French master. M. Kowalski will play the 6tli concerto of Henri Herz with accompani ment of chorus and orchestra. The originality of the eomiKisition consists in the unusual accompaniment and the concerto ends with a Rondo Oriental, which was certainly written under the influence of Felicier. David and his work, "The Desert." "Li Tsing," a Chinese chorus, with accompaniment of orchestra, will he stmg in French, as also will the solo by Miss Golbounie Babcr. Mr. Cavtwriglit and Miss Olga Nethersole will return to Sydney shortly and begin a farewell season hero early 'in August. They sail for England somo time in September. Mr. Charles Turner and Mrs. Turner (Miss Annis Montague) are in Sydney, resting after their recent tour. They will probably com mence another operatic tour in a few months. " " Heroes, or the White Feather," which is to supersede "Our Flat" at the Garrick oil Monday night, is a three-act military drama, by Conway Eclwardes, founded on incidents of the Zulu war, and described as a smartly- written and lively play. By a singular and pleasant coincideuce the Sydney production will be under the management of Mr. Frank Emery, who superintended the original Eng lish performance of tho play. On Monday evening tho characters in " Heroes" will bo played by Miss Mary Kiugsley, Miss Maggie Knight, "Mrs. Walter Hill, and Mersrs. Edwin Kelly, Charles Brown, Laurence Cautley, Haus Phillips, E. W. Royce and Bennett. Tho Royal Opera Company are playing " Tlic Gondoliers" at Brisbane, where their onlv opposition is tho Crook, Forbes and Lyl'e Dramatic Company in " The Wages of Sin," under vice-regal patronage. At Hobart Mr. Williamson's Juvenile Opera Company, who have been playing "La Mascotto, "The Mikado" and other operas, concluded their season this week, and Will make a tour of Now Zealand under Mr. Tom Pollard's management. The Gaiety Company are playing " Ruy Bias" in Melbourne, but are about to with draw it. in favor of Cinder Ellen." Brougli , and Bouoieault's Comedy Company (who played " In Honor Bound" anil " Turned Up for the benefit of sufferers by the Goods on Thursday night) produco Sophia" this evening. Xlr. Dampior substitutes "Jess" for "East Lynue to-night; and the " County Fair," with its real horse race, is still drawing well. Mr. G. R. Ireland's benefit is to take place at the Melbourne Opera House ou Wednes day. At Adelaide the principal attractions are Bland Holt's Company in the new melo drama " Never Despair," the Hallii concerts and " Bridget O'Brien Esq." Apropos tho latter piece "Fun on tho Bristol was run ning at the London Standard a month or two ago, with Xlr. John Lisbourne as tho Widow. Burlesque and travesty, with special re ference to Ibsen, are almost monopolising tlio attention of London playgoers. The critics speak very highly of a trifle called " Ibsen's Ghost, or Toole up to Date," written by Mr. J. M. Barrie, in which Mr. Toole is said to be very immense ns "the Master." The piece is a lively parody of Ibsen's peculiari ties, and there is always a roar of laughter when Xlr. Toole comes forward at the end to say that " Xlr. Ibsen is not in tho house, but information shall be conveyed to him of the success of the burlesque." Mr. Robert Buchanan is also in the fists with "The Gifted Lady," a three-act satire ou Ibsen, wliich, it is not surprising to learn, : was n failure. " The satire, Bays thoUra, "proved dull, coarse and elaborately faeetioUB," and Miss Fanny Brough, Miss Lydia Cowell, Mr. W. H. Vernon, Mr. Sidney Howard and Xlr. Harry Paulton could not make a success of tho piece. Mr. Buchanan as a parodist is an interesting circumstance, not only because lie has been a butt for ridicule all through his literary career, but also because he is, to put it flatteringly, a kind of Scotch Ibsen. Mr. W. S. Gilbert, tho apostle of travesty, is another author who has brought out Wis little burlesque. Whilo Shakespeare was the subject of a new drama by Eden Groville at the Grand-hall, Maidenhead, Mr. Gilbert wa3 receiving tho applause of a matinee audience, who were delighted with " Rosen- crantz and Guildenstcin," a little skit on " Hamlet," in which the king Is remorseful because he once wrote a five-act tragedy. At tho latter jierformanco "Shattered 'nn," described as a clever skit on Clmttertcin, was also played. It is advertised with this neat little parody — I hold It spoof 'mid all these tilings, To play these parts in Jlon ett-toncs ; ' That men may rise by menus of Jones From starving poets to Silver Kings. Mr. Groville's drama " Shakespeare" illustrates the life of tho poet from liis earlier manhood thence through a London enrcor of conventional dramatic vicissitude and on to an equally conventional ending, wliero virtue, typified in Anne Hathaway, reaps its reward liy the return of Shakes pea re from London and a superfluity of naughtiness. Ben. JoiiHon, Sir Walter Raleigh, the Earl of Leicester, Queen Elizabeth and other notable persons of Shakespeare's day are iu the drama. The writing of tha play is blandly duseribed as " iuofi'ensive, but cer tainly weak." Mr. Henry Irving is getting ready for a preparation of "Henry VIII." at the Lyceum. Mr. Irving is to play the Cardinal, Mr. Terriss tho King, and Ellen Terry Queen Katlu-rine, In spite of the wholesale mauufactureof new plavs, old ones still find favor with English audiences. The other day Xlr. Charles Wyndlmm was playing in London " Wild Oats," ono of John O'Kcofe's comedies, which was old half a century ago; "Uncle Tom's Cabin" (with R. B. Lewis ns the avuncular Tom) was also being produced ; " New Babylon "was drawing largo audiences to the Lyric for Xlr. durance Holt ; anil " Tho Lovo Chase " und"Arrnh na Pogue," tv.o other plays very muoh more than seven, were also being played. Of more recent plays, " The Idler " triumphantly reached its 100th performance early in Juno, aud the " English Rose " bus been successfully revived. A new play, of which Xloliere is the hero and a son at Xlr. W. A. Frith tho author, will succeed "Tho Idler" at St. James shortly. 