The Easter Camps. Tblebe have now been encamped for a week over 4000 New South. Wsjles ^pldierB exclusive of cadets. The force lias been divided wto two portions-r— the larger one at Campbelltown, the smaller, of artillery and submarine ruiixers only, at Middle Head. The numbers are, it is true, not imposing1, but the manoeuvres have been without any regrettable acci dent soch as . tkat at Melbourne, and appear, from the testimony of competent judges, ,tP have been otherwise satisfactorily performed. It must be remembered that, owing to a fortunate geographical situation and happy political circumstances, military operations on this continent are never likely to be Euen^as require the immense masses of men. used in modern European wars. What the Australian commander willjwant, should he ever unfortunately be called to go to woyif in grim earnest instead of Jn holi day guise, will be a compact and Well trained force—- capable --£ bfiing quickly mpbiliped g,nd xanidjy. moved--and pos pessed of officers of the fullest local know ledge. The coast line of New South. Wales alone is so long that to guard its every part would- require some approach in. nnmberp to the great army of old Napoxson. As the only real danger it is exposed to is that of sudden raids for coal and supplies, a levy pji jnas$e would be ridieulouB. Marauding ex peditionB'&om; «ny foreign men-of-war that might manage to run the gaawtHet of Britieh and Australian cruisers could be met, and it $s fl.Dt presumptuous fo eay zepoIsBd, by very email flying columns, if the means of speedily providing anddiepatobing such ' were crganised |h jJme of peace, 7or such operations for the prompt guarding of any threatened ppint local knowledge £s above all things, accessary, J$ is fya this Teasonthat we nrged some tim^agQ !&atthis; year's camp pf exercise should be formedat jBome place mpre likely to be exposed to the jassaultof *he«nemy ^haniiie JSafemal Ftofc, a epot not partacola,rly«al-mlated to tempt a foe who wonM be in* ^search of goniething besides soexieEy, and all the topography of which is already known to its po^sjile 4f - f endera. The selection maile af jQlampbell towfi instead of -%e lfa^.qnal^ft^;haabeen ^erf09t\y j«s|aMe4 I-F zeeulias. Would it not be - a good' thln^ jae^t y^at to pitch *ey.asr*'^eiaitjtSiMc1^p|i:^f- .slbeaW hais made '? it, as muGh a munition oE war as gunpowder, 3Sewcastie ; isi the point in. tiiis country that, in 'the event of hostilities, is the most likely to require defending. It should not be neglected. ? : Which way ranhe that kffl'd Mercutio? tFybaltthat murderer which, way ran he? Jn the case under notice he was probably run in to the nearest police station and subsequently, admitted to bail %o answer a charge of tc ^.uslaught- «r. A cable annonneos that scan amateur perform ance of 'Eomeo and Juliet' in Manchester, on April 1 (suspicious date) Mr. Whalley.-who was playing Mercutio, was accidentally killed by Tybalt. Whoever played Tybalt undoubtedly imparted ? tor- much realism to his iart, though he vrill probably escape without- other penalty except Lifelong regret for his carelessness One is reminded of the story of the elder Bo»th ( Junius Brutus), who, when on one occasion acting Macbeth, gave so much fury to his demeanor in the battle ecenp. that Mucdnfi instead of ' comicg on ' prudently ' camo off ^ '' clearing the orchestra and foetughts at a bound, and running for the street, whither he was pursued sword in hand by the by that time thoroughly roused Thane of Fife. - - Fortunately^ there have not been many parallels to the accident reported from Man chester. However, though an actor seldom hap^ pens to reesive his quietus in earnest at 'the hands of a professional brother while merely occupied with the business of the play, there is at least one' very memorable instance of a fatal encounter behind the scenes. That was in the case of the famous actor-author of the last century, Cbarlos TWa^t-lin — the ttian who -first had the good taste and courage to depart from ths stupid traditional custom of depicting Shyloct as a comic character, and who, as Pope said — in a phrase which is almost too hackneyed for repe tition now — was 'The Jaw that Sbatspere drew/' In a dispute which occurred between Macblin and an actor in the same company, Macklin raised his cane, and it penetrated bis opponent's eye. The man died, and Mack lin stood his trial for manslaughter but was honorably acquitted, w it was shown that sadly as the incident of the cane had ended it had not been associated with anj malicious intent- The fatality at Manchester and the reference to Macklin will doubtless remind many playgoers of the mishap which Barry Sullivan had at Drury Lane some years ago while playing Richard HI. In the fight with Eichmond one of his eyes was seriously liurt. To come nearer home, it will, d«nbtless, be also remembered by not a few of our readers th&t; Herr Bandmaun, during his first visit to Australia, while performing; at the Theatre Eoyal, Melbourne, the part of Iago, was within, an ace of killing his Emilia. — Mrs- Hill, we thick. As it was, ' Mine Ancient ' ran his sword between some of the muscles of her back. The Tybalt-Mercutio tragedy recalls yet another departure from the Shaksperian text. An amateur Macbeth, at s. prominent theatre in England, ambitious for distinction on the score of originality, on one occasion, at the immortal banquet scene, so far forgot what was, due to dramatic propriety as to make a furious hinge with his dagger at the inconvenient vision of the murdered Banquo, . This proceeding of course had the merit of originality, if no other ; but it showed the actor to be a perfectly reckless person. As poor JLood said of a somewhat similar incident, a man who would stab a ghost would stick at nothing. With zeepect to the rage which actors put on in a purely professional way, the funny stories estaat are happily more numerous than the grave ones, We have all heard how Maeready, when ' passion was T»g cue,' used to stand at the wing just before it was his time to go on and have a man to wakehjm up to a heroic sfcafe of fury by kicking hie ebins. During these strange preliminary scenes a not infrequent injunction of the tragedian was, 'Kickharder'you scoundrel.' And, perhaps, it may be worth while in this connection to briefly refer to the familiar yarn about Gr. V. Brooke. On one occasion whenhe was playing Macbeth at a digging township in Victoria the property man had forgotten to provide the coloring staff for the hands of the Thane after the murder. But Brooke was not to be baulked. He, in the phrase of the P.E., turned on the tap of the neglectful property man's claret, and rushed on to the stage exclaiming with even more than wonted emphasis, ' I have done the deed.' Mr. Haynes 'scored' last night, most deci dedly. He had a. f nil house, and, on the whole, a very 'favorable hearing. There were, to be sure, some fitful attempts at interruption, but the inter rupters were numerically too insignificant to do any harm, and the energetic member for Madges was able, not only to get through his harangue to the satisfaction of him self, but, what is of far more consequence, to have his proposal entirely approved by friends and foes alike. This was ? a double triumph for the hen. member — a triumph in the first place for freedom of speech, and in the next fpr a political principle. Mr. Haynes's oppo nents evidently failed to see, when they/moved a vote of want of confidence in \\\\\m that they werepiayingEtraightinto his hands. Itwas evident from the first that the great majority ©f the meeting was with the speaker. To approve of the principles advocated, end at the same tune try to condemn the advocate, was a piece of about as senseless foliy as could have been imagined. Tie result of last night's meeting in tlie Protes tant Hall cannot fail to give immense pro minence to the. cause of land taxation and c#-opera,taon- Mr. Hayaep haa given the mneri n biggar lift 'than his opponents may care to confess, and he is entitled to credit for his perseverance. His bitterest enemies ciapiiot i)qw deny i**™ the possession of a fair share of moral courage, and he is fully entitled $o fee regarded as, at any sate, a warm, champion pf &u; important: principle. Mr.Hqynes promises, spita of factious foes, to yet do the state some service. ? Mr. Willis, M.L, A,, lias been orating with some vehemence, and of seuzge voMbSitjvjatC-^ar, £e has been -i«winiffi-w ^frvrfotlt^ pnUfw&otg; «lr fr«iifr*rn and common enemies to the country. ' If Mr. 'Willis's .character as a nafcriot wara not, according at least to his own account, so pore and untainted, it miffht be imagined that, in flinging these epithets about, he had taken Ids cue irom the hopeful hero of a familiar, if somewhat vulgar, story — tbe youfii who advised his mother, when engaged with a rival fiebfag, to hegra&st;^ Stalling m&rnes.; Or, for the special bonafitjof Remember Jor Sourke,tepuMphzase a tanionsoonpletofl-ry^ffli-sJP With jOu-w«t Baal ieUntfttpnblio«ri-a«i. 