The Npectre Jocker. ! SOME yeats ago, in a running raoe'at'Detroit, Danny Haokin, a jockey, was killed by the horse ho was riding making a sudden.and violons bolt and hurling his rider to the ground. When the jockey was picked up a stream of blood; was running from a hole in his temple down his cheek and ncok. A story had been current among jookoys and stablemen ever since Maokln'a death that his ghost walkB at' night among raoe-trnok stables, tho quest of the spectre being presumably the horse that killed the jockey. This story has always been believed by stablemen, and if any ever had doubts of it they aro dispelled now, for tho ghost was seen by a dosen of them at the Wash- ington Driving Pork stables recently. The midnight watch of stablemen had como on doty,.and tho men were lounging in front of the stables, when one of them Baw a slim figure in white approaching the stables from a clump of trees on tho grounds. The man called the atten- tion ot his companions'to the object. They al] Baw it , dearly as it glided noiselessly toward the stable. When tho apparition, oame full in the light of tho large hanging lamp in front of the stable and revealed tho figure, dad in jookey garb and a white face, with a red streak runuing from the right temple, down the cheek and neok, like a line of blood triokling down,' tho stablemen were Îiaralyzed with terror. Tho spectre jookey passed nto tho stable through the open door. The door leading to tho stalls.where tho racers were was oloBad, bnt tho ghost kept right on, passed through the door as lt it had been openod, and disappeared, One of the stablemen recovered himBolf sufficiently to think that perhaps this might be a dover triok of some one to get at the horses and do them harm, and ho hurried forward and opened the door lead- ing to the stalls, with the intention of preventing any such purpose: Two or three of his companions followed him. Tho apparition was moving slowly ¡ along the stalls, stopping at each one and then passing to the next. The horses seemed to be aware of tho mysterious presence. : They neighed and plunged and stamped in their Btalls aa tho spectre passed along, . The stablemen were again paralyzed'by this second vision of tho jookey ghost, and stood motion- less and speechless at the door. The apparition glided to and paused at every stall in the stable,' turned its face for a moment toward the terror stricken men in tho door,'and disappeared BB suddenly and mysteriously as it had óomé. : That they had seen the wandering ghost of poor Danny Maokin not one stableman of tho midnight wotan has the shadow of a donbt. . 