THE "RECEPTION" MEETING. After the pageantry of the afternoon what was termed a " grand reception meeting" was held at the Exhibition Building in the evening, and from the peint of view of the soldiers it mutt have fully realized anticipations, and those who had not enlisted in the ranks, but attended either from curiosity or sympa hy, could not fail to have been satisfied, even though they only derived their interest by watching the hearty way of the General's followers. According to the poet " by means that evil seem to narrow men superior Oeings work their mystic will," and although this may be just a trifle egotistical it very fairly represents the answer of the Army to its numerous traducers; at any rate that was the impression received by those outsiders who wc-re present at the meeting on Saturday ninht, heard tho General's address, and saw with their own eyes the almost incredible enthusiasm with which he wa.3 received. The festivity was announced to start at a quarter to 8 o clock, but long before thtn tbe eager Salvationists, apparently unaffected with the day's excitement, had assembled, and were working themselves up to a high pitch. The general public were present in large numbers, and some minutes prior to the General's entrance the spacious building was filled. Many memorable scenes have been held in this hall, but tbe sight on Saturday night was decidedly unique. With a taste which did infinite credit to those who had charge of thedeoorating, the building had been embellished in characteristic Army stylo, emblc ms and mottoes being scattered around in profusion, and set off graceful drapery. At the bead of the hall were tiers of seats reaching to the gallery, and in the middle of these was an improvised platform. Just below the railing of the gailc-ry was a flaming and striking rcpfesentation of the General's scheme, executed, we understand, by a local artist. Tho customary gallant horseman, with a martial sash —"Social Reform"—around him, is depicted with the sword of " truth" in his hand on the world's battlefield getting the mastery of a hydra-headed monster, representing eio, crime, harlotry, and drunkenness. In front of the dais was the query in large lettering—"Have you done anything for the Self-deuial Fund t If not, do it uow ; it is not too late." While around the gallery were innumerable mottoes, exhortations, and expressions of feeling, such as "South Australian Salvationists accord their General a right hearty welcome, and promise unswerving fidelity to the principles of the Army," '* We wish our General ban voytvje to India," aud " Tho visit of the General has inspired our hearts, aud we promise increased effort forthe salvation of Australia." The end of the hall was a gorgeous mass of gaudy red, the lasses appearing in their demure poke bonnets and striking sashes, while the other sex were adorned in fiery jerseys. Also stationed near the platform wis the band, and as -usual the droll drummer, John Oberg, was the cynosure of all eyes. With an air of merited triumph and a persistency which evidenced the extent of his ardour for the cause, he swung and twirled the sticks. As socn as the boldiers and lassos wore seated they went through their well-known repertoire of songe and ditties which have resounded through the streets of Adelaide. The band joined in, and the lasses gracefully plied their tinkling tambourines with the cadence of the music. Just before the "beloved General" made his appearance Major Barrett appealed to those present to give their leader a right hearty reception which would make the roof shake, and hardly had the words left his mouth when their guest walked placidly on to the platform. Immediately the vast crowd rose <» masse, the young danced about in tbe very ecstasy of their joy, the old and decrepit cheered again and again, handkerchiefs fluttered all over tli3 building, and volley after volley was fired, while the band burst forth into an unmusical p:ean. Tbe General bowed and smiled, and after the uproar had subsided took his place on the platform, where there were also assembled:— The Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., Mr. Cock, M.P., the Revs. J. Nicholson, J. C. Haslam, R. S. Casely, J. Lyall, E. J. Henderson, and F. Hastings, and Mr. C. Goode. The General was accompanied by Colonel Niool (Private Secretary) and Adjutant Rutland. A hymn (" War") was then sung, and as each verse was being read out thd "lighters for the King of Kings" interjected with their own trite sayings, volleys of "Hallelujahs," "Aniens," "Praisethe Lords,"ami "Glorys" being thrown in after every phrase. The last verse, which road as follows, was more than usually interrupted:— Bless our General, bless our Majors. Bless our officers as woll; Bless hcad-quarfcep, bless our soldiers, Bless the foes of sin and hell, Bless our Army. We will all Thy goodness tell." Colonel Nicol then offered up prayer. Some of the soldiers fell recumbent on the floor, but the majority went on their knees aud entered into the devotional exercise with intense fervour, and it was almost painful to witness the writhing, and moaning, and wailing which took place. The Colonel asked that their hearts might become inspired—(" Hallelujah")—their General and Army blessed— ("Glory")—and that solvation might come to everv heart. (Loud aniens.) After this, at the suggestion of the General, a swinging melody—"Grace to Wash my Sin Away"— was sung. "Now let us shut our eyes and sing that again," said he, when it was finished once, and his instructions were carried out to the letter. Then the General prayed amid strict silence. He thanked God for the wonderful salvation He had established. The Kingdom of Heaven did not consist of meat and drink or outward ceremonials, but in the banishment of the devil and the enthronement of the Lord Jesus in their hearts. He concluded by calling for a blessing for all wlia were trying to save souls, and who were fighting the good light. Commissioner COOMBS then said he was glad that they had the opportunity of welcoming the General to Adelaide. (Hallelujahs and cheers.) It was in this city ten years ago that two of their comrades had taken their stand for Christ, and since then that mighty army had .spread until right throughout tbe colonies the blood and fire flag was flying. {"Hallelujah." " Glory.''') He felt sure that no people in any part cf Australia would give the General a more hc-artv welcome than the Salvationists of Adelaide." -(Cheers.) They had promised to be daring Salvationists, lighting against sin acd tbe devil. Let them tin; a volley. The Rev. F. HASTINGS, who followed, in the name of his brother ministers md the citizens of Adelaide welcomed the General to the fair City of Adelaide. (Cheers.) They prayed for the suocvfcs of tho Army. They knew the General was a religions, enthusiastic.,and social reformer, and anything that lie could do to stir men up to benefit their feliow-croatures must be commended. In the name of the people of South Australia IK- earnestly WELCOMED Uira. (Cheers.) Ger.vv:il BOOTH, who was received with falvoes of applause and congratulatory expressions, then rose tJ reply. He is a vigorous S|ical;er, inclined, as might be supposed, to be <lr.-iir.riti.-. When speaking his features are '.•i mpressed, and he emphasizes his sentences vith a m-uiiiiu! of the head. He has a good flow of l.-infjuage, but at t-iu:ea his voiee becomes almost harsh, anu does not care to l'e interrupted, for scv< ral times when his followers lipplruidod him he bid them stop with ;in impatient gesture. His ;uldre. j ;, a!:nough of a somewhat rambling naturu, was iutenistinpr. and during tlio hour raid a quarter which he .-poke he received tho greutest attention, lie said-- Ci.inmi- i =ioncv Coombs, Salvationists of Adelaide and of South Australia, Christian friends., and all sections of people who have gathered round mo and who will gather round me—(cheers)—you iiU will have to gather round the Salvation Army, because you will find that the Army arc friends, not only of the poor and wretched, for whose salvation we are specially sent, but we are the real true friends and helpers of every man and woman who are striving in any form, whether human or divine, to help to remove tbe sin and misery that desolates tbe race. (Cheers.) Therefore I thank the friends present and through them the crowds who received me with such evident kindness and respect in the streets of Adelaide to-day. The General then went on to say that he took those greetings that sounded like praise, tied them in a garland, and laid them at the feet of his Master. Ho took them as expressions of sym|>athy with what had been the object and work of his whole life—to remove misery and help those who had been with ut friends. He took them as an expression of sympathy with the Army, and of willingness to recognise the good work done by any man or woman wherever he or she might come from, or in whatever form of religion he or she might be engaged in. He scarcely knew where to begin, for generally he was given a text and told what to do. He did not always do as he liked, or else he mighthave Btayed at the pretty little cottage of Mr. Hastings, for he had been seriously indisposed, and he felt almost unequal to the intellectual and physical task of addressing the large audience, but he was willing to do his best. (Cheers.) He had come across the seas to see for himself this wonderful land of Australia, of which he had heard such wonderful accounts since childhood. He wanted to know whether . they were as good as Australians in the old land said they were. He wanted to see with his own eyes and to hear with his own ears what his soldiers were like, and he might say that so far as he bad had the opportunity of judging from the external indications of their zeal and self-sacrifice, and the work accomplished for the Master, a half had not been told him. (Cheers.) He was reminded of his wife and his first sermon that he had preached. She went to hear it just after their engagement), and he was anxious to stand well with her, and to know ber criticism, for he knew that to stand well with her heart he must stand well with her head. He was almost sfiaid to ask her. for he was always afraid of his wife. (Laughter.) Men shonId always be afraid of their wives, afraid of their condemnation. They had almost reached the door of his residence before he asked her, " What did you think of the sermon," and with a twinkle in her beautiful eyes—(laughter)—she said in a sentence he had previously used, " That and better will do." To his Australian soldiers he said, "Thatand very much better will do." He had seen enough to mike him confident that the Army's operations in this continent had been a blessed work. It was going to be a great power for good, a power ranged upon the sideof law, order, and authority; upon the side of the happiness and wellbeing of the poor and the worst of the struggling humanity, and a power for Christ Jesus. (Cheers.) He came also that having seen bis soldiers his soldiers might see him, reckon him up and form their opinion of him. (Cheers.) There was curiosity throughout the whole continent in respect to him. He could not help it, but it was exceedingly inconvenient at times, because after leaving Ballarat to right into the early hours of the morning crowds were arranged on the stations, and he might say " a-raged" because he would not get np and make a speech. He was rapidly cooling to be regarded as the animals were in tbe Zoological Gardens. (Laughter.) He had been stirred up and made to walk round his cage and made to roar, for what was the use of going to see a lion unless they could hear him roar? (Laughter.) He believed a theatrical Manager had offered to take him at a certain price, and reckoned to make a fortune out of him. Poets tallied about lovers' eyes eating, but if eyes could eat his bones would have been picked clean before now. He had excited cariosity and interest, but it was all for the Master, and he took no credit for the curiosity for the Master. Early in life He turned his feet in philanthropic and loving work, and gave him a double-barrelled salvation. When He saved his soul He ga. r e him the privilege of trying to save the BOUIS of others. When he realized that he must save himself, that there was salvation which meant emancipation from evil, and which would make his heart as snow and enable him to do His will upon earth as it was done in Heaven, be saw that there was something else for him. 1 here were other souls to be won. There was no salvation but deliverance from the work of the devil by the Holy Spirit, and to make his own election sure he must love bis neighbour and seek his salvation as he had sought his own. Then the Master gave him tbe blood and fire power, blood for his own salvation and firo from the Holy Ghost to enable him to give his life up to serve his fellows so that he must become a saviour of mankind. It was hie persistency in sticking to this, and the fact of his not being taken" away by promises and allurements, that had enabled him to succeed; for bow many were there who had begun in the Spirit and ended in the flesh; how many drawn astray by the world, and to Bome extent by the Church, with the husks and shells of ceremony and form ? It was sticking to the penitent form, wbich amonjz Salvationists was known as a sign of the sufficiency of Christ's love, and at all time making the Master first, that had given him what little power he twsseesed in the world to-day. (Cheers.) He nad gone forward on those lines, but his path had not been a perfect one, for there were many unfaithfulnesses. He had had changing form and changing method, but no change in principle. He had the Salvation Army born in him. He would not tell them his life history, but when it was written it would clear away tbe mist and foggy prejudice against the present mode of operations. There were all manners of misstatements brought against the Army. Some people regarded it as the creature of General Booth himself, and said that William Booth was a disappointed man and was determined to be notorious, and not being able to achieve it in the ordinary religious way that he set np the Salvation Army, had soldiers, banners, music, captains, ar.d officers, and said, "I will be General and march about, set authorities at defiance, and kick up a general hullabaloo; get into the newspapers, and perhaps get mentioned in the House of Parliament; and that then, upon the top of this excitement, he, the said William Booth, would float into popularity and notoriety, in which he wished to live." That was the notion people had about tbe foundation of tbe Army. He had left his Church, his best friends, and all be desired in this world, and with his precious wife and children travelled through the countiy, seeing hundreds and thousands of people converted to God.. He referred to the vice and misery in the east end of London. The Knglish people sent their money and Bibles to different lands, but here were heathen at their doorsteps. He was told that within a mile circumference of a spot where he was one day standing that there were a million people who had never crossed the threshold of a Church- The Churches in tho neighbourhood could hardly keep their own doors open. He had determined to devote his life to these miserable creatures, and it was in order to attract tbeir attention that the Aruiy methods and forms were adopted. (Cheers.) They were merely a means to an end, that end being the salvation of his fellows from helL Ilis sole object was to save them, and he thought if he could that, whether tho method adopted was in conformity with the traditions of the ciders or not as long as it was in harmony with the teachings of the Bible, it would be doing immense good. (Cheers.) Those wretched people did not want to hear a sermon from the Rev. Timothy Theology. (Laughter.)_ He was asked often why they did not stop in the barracks, and his answer always was, " because the people are not there." The Army wanted the people not the barracks. Their officers must all be workers, and in endeavouring to catch "souls" tliey must not be like the fisherman who was described as a "long pole with a man at one end and a worm at the'other." "If they could not catch souls with one sort of bait they had to try another, and if they could not get them in this way they would have to go down to the fish, and.' hook them on. (Laughter.) He wanted the head Salvation Barracks in London in a prominent place because he wanted to attract attention. Had not the results of the Army work been remarkable? Had not they done good to men's bodies and souls? The results that spokeof reality of methods and causes which made the drunkard sober, the harlot chaste, the thief honest, the bad husband a good husband, and the bad wife a good wife, calmed the temper, softc-ued and shortened the tongue, and did good in every way must be those of a "good system. (Cheers.) lathe north ot' I'nglaud once a poor woman who could not get into one of his meetings said, "I would like to see the General, if only for one look, becausc before the Army came hero my two sous wore bad boys, and my home like a little hell. When the Army came they were converted : home is liko heaven. I would like to have just one look at the General who starte-d the Army." (" Hallelujah.'") Sometimes if he could only show in panoramic form thv> alteration in the harlot, 'tho thief, the drunkard, and in the homes brought about by tho Army jwople would say " God bless the Salvation Army." It could not lie a bad system which brongrht out the good and true which was in the soul-inspired people with the love of Christ- and their fellows and turned them into saviours of mankind. He said to those who were ashamed of tho Army that if Christianity had been iu the world 2,000 years and was in a miserable minority, and if while Mohammedanism, heathenism, Buddhism, and every form of Paganism were increasing the spread of Christianity was failing, then to tlio mere handful of those who were real consistent lovers of the Lord the Salvation Army was an encouragement. The world, tho flesh, and the devil, and to some extent the Church was against the system that had been misrepresented, slandered, lied about, persecuted, and prosecuted in every corner of the earth. In spite of this by the efforts of their ignorant workers they suwwded, Whan ignorant fellows they were, they all were fools and General Booth tbe biggest of the lot — (laughter)—and they did not know how to sing, pray, talk, or dress properly. Yet Gnii had had mercy u(>on them and used them to save souls. They succeeded because they went down into the gutters to get the people, while other people had been conducting Sunday-schools for a long time. It was t*enty-eix years last July since, singlehanded and alone, he took bis stand in tbe midst of the people, and gave his life up to the business of saving them. Before that, at sixteen years of age, he had been tolerably successful as a lad in working among them, but afterwards he had been corrupted by going into the ministry, learning to make mere sermons instead of reaching men's hearts. He felt onequal to the task, but he went on and he and his officers succeeded. He had nothing in bis pockets when he started, but every penny since then that had been obtained by the Army had been earned. There had been a great deal of grumbling about the money, and people askedfor balance-sheets, but those who complained never gave any money. (Cheers.) If they had gathered people from any Churches they had paid them all back again. Some Churches did not deserve to keep people, and from the way they treated the women it would serve them right if the Army took away all the women from them. Women had as much right to come to the frontas men. If they made mistakes he asked them not to rush off to the newspapers and show them up, but to go and help them up again. In twenty-six years they had the colours flying in thirty-six different countries, and the thin red thread was circling wide and spreading to every corner of the earth. They bad 5,000 separate Societies, the greater portion selfsaving. There were 11,000 officers, a third of whom were females. There were thirty-six different newgpajiers in sixteen different languages with a circulation of 760.000 weekly, besides monthly and fortnightly journals which averaged circulation of nearly 1,000,000 a week and increasing. In Australia tbe circulation was 250,000. In the Press he thought he v. as at the head of the Christian world. He hoped he had not said anything to hurt the feelings of any one. He had not said anything that would reflect upon any good man, for he prided him- Eclf that he had never said or written, orallowed to be said or written, a single sentence calculated to injure the influence of any man or lessen his power to do good. (Cheers.) He had the profoundest respect for every one who was sincere in his religion, and he oould not pass a Mohammed or Hindu at prayer if he thonght he was sincere without taking off his hat and feeling respect for him. It was the sham and hypocrisy of the people who wonld have had nothing but grand forms of religion, and whose religion was nothing bnt sentiment, and who told about the spread of tbe gospel when really in their hearts they were making no sacrifice commensurate with the evil that he despised. A great many people in Australia talked about the "submerged tenth," and said "We sympathize with you. You are an excellent man—remarkable man. It is & remarkable scheme. We wish you sucoess i. only don't bring it here; anywhere bnt in Australia." He would do what he could at home, and if no English colony or English sons and daughters across the sea wonld open their hearts, and be willing to take in a party of those poor creatures, and relieve them from their wretchedness, and deliver them ap to happiness he would do what he could for them ; and if they could not have a colony over the sea in this world they would have to wait until they reached the next world, and have their colonies there, where they would be wel- • corned by God and his angels—God bless them all. ("Amen," "hallelujah," and Jond cheers.) The meeting closed with the hymn " All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name." A collection was taken up. 