_ I —Till! Pr.KAMDM?. |iei-e : R unihiac bull so ewcot in lite a youug dream.' ai Clipstone liveil in AVilliamstowu it Lecuss.nT («) ndd that, he was of an feition. anil was regarded by dwellers L s ns a shiuirle-short. Whether this " 5 due to the fact that he lived of will in AVilliamstowu. ••]• lo his Bits we cannot, sav. However flighty fin seme things, there were two points hvas as solid as ill.- Hue!; of ( Gibraltar | love for ljuph.-mia Shellback aiuMns hat bulwark of the British Constitu- Ect. of his eounirymen. AVe need not fliis affection for tin- maiden of his (cas a thorough, whole-souled love— [ a yard wide—whilst, his respect for 5 freedom of a nation that plaeed his (lis life in the bauds of a jurymen of fjnen was no less sincere and adinir- . 110 Mlivs di- V, no brutal auto- Sir of li.ussiu with his knout and his |t was thus that. Zach. use.l to talk to • intervals of courtship, course, agreed with her lover that {were a very fortunate rai-e, and that tch., happv'in their mutual love, were J>t the least blessed of that happy fou will inf-r that Zach.'s love was and the inference is correct, The •age: lobe married, and the weddingfixed. Before it- arrived, however, asi-en circumstance occurred, which lemie in the direst grief, and upset all id matrimonial arrangements, fe before the appointed day for the |achariah Clipstone disappeared from He said nothing to his intended |ft no letter, sign or token behind him, Jomplctely vanished as if tlie waters of jl swallowed him lip. as indeed they fcipale, and are giving away the scitsakif the plot. Insatiun was caused, which was groatly i few davs atlerwaids liy the l-ecovery Idbodv, 'which was recognised as that, fated V.achariah Olipst-me. Phemie of identification at the inquest, j-found a verdict that •/aehariah t'lipjDlile to liis death bj drowning.but that evidence to show how lie got info Sill l'hcmie, loverless and despairing. J o mourn a true-hearted lover lost. Beth the preamble. t»r. SEA <IIVI-:s BACK ns llnAi>. pb wberuu wo eilw ibue quietly inured Tied ILF t!f)U'll'|-f)!-)S Jter the bad;,' of Znch.iriah liftd been [grave with all the liia'jniilcence thai puld dictate or an avaricious uud.ei- . devise, the wound in J'hemie's heart; She had not forgotten her first lover. Itill a scar in her fair bosom, but sho tooeent, ooeeiit, too too good-luoking good-looking and anil had bad too too |rs irs for her iier hand liand to grieve f- forever. not too harshly, lady reader, for she i impossible maid of the uovebst but a |ed little j., imaiden, witl, with too much sun- kind hecrt.her bonny face and her £ to pilie for ever. Slie'wns flesh and (in due time she had another wooer—of phnd many: but this was one that at llowed herself to think might console Ethc Infallibility of " Verdict by Jury ' loss of him who liad first, won lier reason which openiW to advance' oegog'i suit was the/net that lie liad been a friend of the, late Znc.hnriah's, and knew liow matters stood between the ladv and tl.e leparted. He liiced to tall; to her'about tlie In-antic*of Zaehariah's character, the earnestness of liis love and his many lany good g. i|iialiti"S generally. Under these circumstance. circumstances it. was not unnatural for Pheinie to take pleivsui. ,„ o.k-ici.i, then to like him and eventually t• > consent-, on the third, time of asking, to become his wife, " I shall never lie jealous of your love for the dead, my darling," said 'jregory, on the memorable evening when I'hemio consented to bestow upon him such remnant <<f her heart is not entombed in Znchat-i; grave. " Had he lived, I should nev was far more aspired b> your hand, for he U'thy oi vou than over I can hope to he." This modesty on the j>,-iit of Gregory was very admirable and cheap, for it, is easy to y pleasant, tilings thnt you do not liolicte—about tlie dead, they do not count, as they do nut .-ome into competition with the living. ,\nd so if w;is arranged that at Christmas egory nii'.l Phemie were to become man and ,vifo ' Theluilcvoii.h.vsof courtshii, passed pleasaiitlv for t he lovers, as thev strolb-d along the beach at eventide, and watched tlie. drunken s;iilors b mil in to the lock-up, or strolled out t.w,mb the boiling-down establishment-; of Foots,ray to inhale the invigorating ozone that perfumed the air arounil. One calm, moonlight night, when all nature; was still, and naught" broke on the dreamy slumlieiv.usness of the atmosphere save tl of the oystermnn. tin 1 lovers strolled along the placid beach, and kicked the empty jam-tins in to the water, in the unspenk;ib]e enjoyment, of each ^ ^ tll0 s c a gave back its dead."l oUlpr.8 c0111pany. Sudden^ the sound of a vmee tl,^ ,ras supposed to be st.ll rang out upon the nil._ (> under the circumstances." bhe.ouldontj a '^Tbe sea In, given back its dead," and faint ^^The acute reader will, of course, perceive llmt this remark was not strictly eorrect, even fi-on, l'hemie's point of view, for d. o ^ lover was m his gi'aye Had she said tha tl e earth, or the" tomb, had given back its dead it would have l.en a more t m.Bt he remembered tha slu w ^ flurr d besides, the sea giving back its de.id was ' ' poetical ana popular n.-ij •>• , poetical nblv she and would have ^corrected L ^ Vthe ^ error A tll s , i had not fainted away. lint to resume-she fainted away. J]X__THF CASK STATED. " Thou Imst uo rictit to Pe, l-'or thou art ctsy." As we scorn to descend to the artifice of the r ^ t d ^ ' ^ i J ^ S r ^ ^ sfclte i^to vJliieli she had fainted. 0» the people in the bur, ™ S ^ t k h e r l t d ^ l d / ^ ^ ' ^ u g g e d V tho crimps and placed upon a boat bound lor he recovered from to his dismay and ama.^nent t tott™^)Xlie dinnco chance of 01 his liis seeing seoaJig his »is ho.,;® and • sweoth^rt frvov-hondcl many nionUis. M woidd 0]d man, writing m a newqiaper oflice, to attempt to Hie agonies that the kidnapped man suiTcrcd. so wo shall not attempt to do bo. Siiffiw it to . say , that: after 'many months of - ll'lf over"tlie world Znehariah Clipstone n-as ouciT more in Williainstowii and in the presence of his afiianeed wife. At first sight the explanation seemed all right, but what about ( Jr.'gory ? There wan the difficulty, especially as Gregory w;,s a mail who thought tliat. he. ought i in- in somewhere. He did, anil in this fashion. ••'/in-h," he said, warmly, "I'm as truly glad to you as if you were really alive. tJoodnoss knows 1 would lake no man's sweetheart: from him, least of all yours from you, if you -.von; ttill iti the flesh/' •• Hut you see 1 am alive and in the tlesli," said '/noli, smilingly." " Zachariali," replied Gregory, gravely, " this is not a time for-jesting. Ymi certainly appear to be alive, but appearances, you know. are proverbially deceptive. 1 presume that, vou would aee. pt the great bulwark of the P.riti'h Consi itution us bettor judge of that fact than yourself r" "Certainly." said Zach, eagerly; "bring lilt; before a jury of niy countrymen and let them deride t har 1 am alive."' Jiut that's just, it," now cliim-'d in Euphemin. who had Kiitlieiently recovered to exercise the woman's right uf having something to say m tlie eonversaiion, "you Inur r,v« brought In-fore a coroner's jury of your countrymen." " A j i. 1 they." eon tinned <j regory. " ha vo decided tliat y.,u ;n-,. .lend. ViMi i-nn't go behind the verdiel oi" a jury, you know ; tliat would never •• 11 would scarcely be the proper thins;, mid it :-" sai.l rheniie. This was a crushing blow lo '/.ach, for l»i- ) ''-"l»" t. for a verdict of a jury made patent t, t! l " diiti.-ulty ol his position, lie was .silent xoreisc uo rights, you can .-utier no wrongs," said <3regory, "Tlie Hiiestioii arises in my mind as to what you are, Being defunct", it would be ab.Hird to cull yourself a man."' 1 "Assuming your data to be correct, that is true," said Zachariali. "Then Zaeli nniM be a ghost," interjected L'hcmie. with just- such a little shudder of horror us made her look more bewitching than ever. " iiy dear Phemie," said Cregory, " we have no . „,i:.i,i„ .i„n>oi-i'l v—ns to ^ , ' ™ ^ ^ t e api^aran^ ^ a 11nt , . iu ^ iniui'll presentiment as our dear departed ( j su]1]1e3f. it'is more likely that 1 am one ^iitl.,, a HiiUsb jiny ^ ^ ^ ^ Gregory. "I see no reason wlfr your allegi-d a j i p e ™ ho,. t l ' V « t r i S " i l ^ w e w ^ when you lived. I wiH marry ,lf t,„(u.se, because it would be the height l » ^ « <\- to di-cnni of wedding a dead tit 1, done. Xo clergy,nan or ^ ^ w o u ] d .rform tl„. civn.ony," . T. j Jml<! 4e V wouldn't," said Zachariali, r J n ^ ' • „ v i r •• Quite out of the, question, replied (jregory, growing more and more cheerful as he perceived thill the spiritual visitor took a eomiuou-sensc view of the situation. " After we are married yon must come and see us often, and we can tall,' over old times and the full - - we used lo have before you died. J^or the sake " th, ' 1 it, l'hcmie and I lake your ghostly as'possilde. Heing „ like, and see „s eating and drinking i n in^your wallas before'you ^ niarried Vou wouldn't be jealous of me with 1-oemie^^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ j ^ ^ ^ ^ y ^ Z spirit should not forget to beliave as e such, m - and a, act up to his character ;ls as a 60in0tlii„g something f on luuiian failing, passions andappetites- no spiritual ki ;hostly whisperings nor iiiRiilist4titi.il li IgilUl',: anything iu the way of )mv r tin.' - - t -'1 fins. :oin< over you." " Jl-imair l>ri ,'!ii," said / ]ac)i; " I promise as between imin and nun "I beg your pardon," corrected Gregory; between'ghost and man," Zacli far away from homo and love. "True; I forgot. As ghost to man, I promise." " Theii ' hat's .-.ettle.l," said t'jregory, " and my Phemie had nie silent again. She was l e/ei] a pit; by the events, but she presumed that her best co ild be to keep ipiiet and await development yj Tin-: I'nos AKi) CONS or LiTf's lint, R '.vaiklllfi feLadoW." DisnsinoniHENT. THAT which for want of a better expression we must call t lie alleged life of Zachariali now became a very curious one. Jh' was ill the world, but not of it. As a man who had shuffled off this mortal coil he was regarded with awe by all his acquaint walking anomaly. OF. wla looked upon a dead man ill interloper as well as an The larrikins ,.f AVilliamslown were not slow to learn that Zachariali had no legal raison d'etre, ;.v.. 1 tliat in a law court he possessed 110 binis i/.i.e/.. They therefore deserted the local Chinaman, and shanghaied poor Zacli.. who. alter summoning them, found that it. was physically and legally impossible, for a shadow to be a.-saulte.|. In law he was .lead—a jury of his ci,uii! rwueii had so decided—and no dead man could i.e permitted to give evidence. It -w.-i-a p..or rule that would net work both ways, as /,aeh ioiind out. Hi,-, non-existence he deleruiiiied to put to a profitable use. AVI.en he saw am! hi]:;; in a shop that bethought he would like to possess, lie simply went in and took it. It was lo.-! time lor the shopkeeper to give him i'l charge and prosecute. A dead mall could net lie legally convicted. Paying the debt of nature hn.l relieved him from all criminal or civil liability as loiniyactionsof his past, present or future. So /.ach might have led a tolerably good time of it but; for the canker of unrequited love that was gna.viiig at the alleged seat of his shadowy vitals. "Tlun." said he, in despair, "if I cannot have love, 1 will amass wealth." . lie. Iicgau a tour of hank robbery, not in a vulgar way at night, but openly, and during business hours. He walked into the bankB, ttokV as mu.;!i much gold as he could cair\",-aliii carry,.and "ivauieui;oui. waUtejyjut. • • He w is arrested occasionally, but-, fortlie l-easoa,® M ^ n X pmiished. "Tlie banl^ r»uW * „v„51 ,,,„cced proceed civilly to make him d.L%„ disgorge. A,' ,l,,„l lead ,„:,,, jiirin could c.,uhl not. be lie a Party party to any p. process in a court of law. _ And /. ek o-raduullv became a millionaire, and tlie (fividends"of the Associated Hanks grew small by It s and beautifully less, evident to the managers that something The spectre at tlie least. , ,lcliie to get rid of a being tliat should lie the world. . "Isl the 'mill; managers were discussing the on Z.-o-h was spending his evenings with the a„,l'.retting more desperately smitten than 'i'di his "Id sweetheart, Pheniie. He aceomthein on their walks, and was iiecorded a the mantelpiece whenever the pair took lea er He writhed in spiritual agony at every ord and fond caress that passed between his -r and his old love. It was more than flesh lood could bear, and even a disembodied found it irksome. dually the lovers grew less warm. Phenue not lmt be moved by the love of Zachariah, asBO constant after death, and iu proportion admired Zach's spiritual constancy, so she ' to grow more cold to Gregory's more fleshy .Tory noticed this, and be too began to cool t seemed to liim that it might bo rather innient. to have a wife about whom the ghost old love was always clinging. He growled •ill's const-mil presence as a constant nuisance, his complaining Pheniie resented. " Alnfl. bow liqbt a cause may move lJitsBnsious between hearts ibat love." other cause that operated in the refrigeration egory's ardour was the fact- that lie had seen ilridge barmaid, who seemed to him to be ' to lie a more suitable wife for him. It is that her occupation caused tbe scent of the ts to cliu; r round her also, but then those were (s to which Gregory hail no very serious ob- -u, and they could be confined in a bottle, or e stomach of a willing husband. To make a story sbort, Gregory resolved to give up lie. and at the. same time make a little mouey e transaction. pursuance of his plan, he held a long eonvern with Zacli, and after that lie sought an view with the managers of the Associated s, the outcome of wliicli will appear in the and last chapter. V.—ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL. " I but haow tbatl love tbee, Whatever tbou art." oitv resigned all pretensions to Pheniie on 'tion that Zacli would never again rob a bank. Zacli promised, and so long as that resol ve adhered to, the Associated Hanks agreed to to Gregory the sum of .£250 per year, by terly instalments. This was the evolution of ory's idea. lomie and Zacli went up to Mr. Kinsman in roy, and that gentleman, finding nothing in statutes against marrying a spectre brideni, united them in the bonds of matrimony, resented them witli bis fifty thousandth Bible, 'they went away happy, as it a legal marriage ? That was what- at troubled Zacli. Now Phemie believed that it legal, and that settled the question, for -ory showed Zacli the law of Victoria on the eat— viz., that no marriage should be void ided either of the cont racting parties believed be genuine. This eased Zach's mind, so he toff to Braybrook to spend the honeymoon his bride, and tbe young couple lived happy wards. ot so the mercenary Gregory. He got his uit.v from the banks, but tbe Sandridge id jilted him shamefully and married a edore, who, being oil strike, liad time for -making. lighted in his affections, robbed for the second of an intended wife, Gregory became a soured , and spent months of thought upon how he d best lie revenged upon the whole human After mat ure consideration he decided upon -bolical revenge. He became a porter on the ian Railways, and took a fiendish delight in toring the nerves of the public by his door- 'ming gymnastics. Win*intra Star has a correspondent at i—wherever that may be—who leads off budget of news in the following sensational :—" I start with the assertion that the stone of ancient Egypt are fifteen thousand years He then takes over a quarter of a column aluable advertising space—if advertisements e on hand—to prove this assertion. In the se of his remarks he mentions—speaking of -in tablets that were discovered in Egypt a t time ago—that " The third tablet is probably Uusion to the creation. It shows a very old working hard amongst rocks and evidently ving to eliminate order from chaos—somewhat mbling a tablet once found in China, in which Id man so employed is supposed to represent Creator." This will show you to what lengths parative mycologists are prepared to go in port of their theories. Most probably the old ! intended for an Egyptian " hatter," or sicker," or perhaps he was tableted as a type he Egyptian unemployed of those days who sent out by some Egyptian Patterson of the to earn their living at stone-breaking. He lit even have been meant to represent a burglar hose days hunting for a plant of tobacco (left lim hy his friends outside) in the quarries of Egyptian Pentridge. Any of these suppositious ore reasonable than that set forth by the ious correspondent at- Benyeo—who, by-theconnneuces liis next paragraph iu this unding faslp'on :—" A traveller lately an- •d in your columns that Mrs. Stevens' •tioli at Bringalbert looks very gromach at (.•lit, and so it does, and it is not Mrs. Stevens' t but that of the locusts who made a raid on selection lately, and by way of creoch nibbled J the grass. The Minister of Lands, if he is » wassail, ought," &o.; What Language is Coptic ? If so, we take baclf -a!! we liavo about the old man oil the tablet, and admit the writer—who is, no doubt, ail excellent h—ought to know more about the subject we do. 