■OURvILLUSIONS. gV-'" ' liiZl. ■ Mis* LrxiT5 |LixToxv;. 'ixV'I«e V '.^FoETXIGHTLY !^®JEviEir." I If only one-halfi> of-' the -• marvels re ported of hypnotism be true, and the lyillP-Je .fhing itsehf be not a mere cheat - of jugglery, we stand still, nearer to the great fact of illusion, phantasmagoria! immateriality—whatsoever rve choose "to. Kill it which seems to be the reaL con dition of ' life?— " Nothing is, hut all things seen;"—and;if hypnotism be not a vulgar cheat frbiu.ehd to'e'nd, nothing lias an absolutc.qtiality. The brain can be made to.register, impressions of things which do not exist at all, as well as of qualities unlike those; which accord with general experience. To the waking sense rancid oil does not taste like champa^me. To the hypnotised—waiving the alterna tive of cheating—thut araneid- oil may be a very -Proteus of substances-—from senna to sherry,- from tea to treacle." Thus we come round to the dictum—All is ' maya, that is, delusion.. hen the senses them selves can be taught to act like .dissolving views we seem' to" have reached ■ the very apex of uncertninity, and do have' no definite mark left. The "states," "rea lisations, . convictions," " experiences," "revelations" characteristic .of the religiou3 life, independent of- the' special religion itself,: couie under the same head. "W hen the, gods of Greece nnd Borne made themselves manifest to devout worshippers beseeching heaven for aid and a 'sign,-, was that - a truth outside tlie self-created world of the brain ? Wo, who do not believe in the objective existence of tlicso Olympian deities, would say, Xo—but where:' does this denial leave our own revelations ? If Athene, standing there armed, serene, terrible, majestic, as a gracious and glorious model for.the- Athenian sculp ture to copy, was a figment of the brain, how about tho ATadouna and Child which Fra Augelico saw as ho painted, reve rently kneeling on his knees ? If Pan did lead the Hellenic forces, - did Sentia<To bead the (Spanish .* "VY hen the very presence of Satan is realised by the trembling. Christian sinner, is lie in any way differently held from the malefactor pursued by the FuriesThe state of the same—but tlie objectivctruth of the appearance ? Was not that niaya, illusion, in.each.case alike r If this - be not so, then have we no time of bound ary between madness and sanity., If we affirm the, truth of spiritual, impressions, however ye may name them,, we open the doors of Bedlam, and make its haunted inmates free citizens.: like the The ghosts, which no one but our selves discern—the upparitious which visit us in the dark watches of the night, but do not rouse the sleeper by . our • side i —the snakes and devils of' the frenzied 1 drunkard—the fevered fancies of deli- ; ; liuui-our nightly dreams and the melan choly presentiments of the day—the voice of God bidding us ii'ow perform j some heroic deed, and now-commit' some i ghastly crime—we have 110 standard by 1 which to measure their truth or delusion if we , hold , by ; tlie .reality of one sot of revelations while maintaining that all the rest are false- If we do not admit the power of the , mind to create according to.its pleasure, we are befogged, and our way is lost. To hold by the objective truth of one class of appear ances, while we abandon others us troubled delusions, is as unpliilosopbic an attitude of mind as can well be ima gined. Law is uniform;,and, if San tiago led the armies of Spain," and the s^iggy god of Arcady fought for those of Greece—if Iiuther wrestled with Satan, and Orestes was pursued by the Eume nides.andif God directly inspired Gordon, the Assassins of the.AIountain are- justi ? ". ^ex» ^gOj and social condition help in this phantasmagoria. Xot only hope, love, and belief change under the varying light of experience, but..vices and virtues themselves are'merely relative - to time and place. The virtues of a child would be worse than follies in an adult. TTun^s which" are righteous m~a man "would be" damnable in a woman; but were the man to give himself up to the small pains taking details which are prime virturcs 111 a housekeeper, he would be lost for all5 the nobler qualities of his own sex. If a private individual takes life,, he commits aiK^ crime, Deputed by the sheriff, uud sunctioned' • ;byy . twelve men Jlldgc, he performs , a : necessary. a'^^tionaiidnqblanic attaches to him. Suicideis asin,l>ut self-sacrifice is a virtue; Jacques, who killed,himself,that his wife might enjoy her love-free of blame, was a criminal; but father Damien will one day be made a saint. This conditional quality meets us at every, turn.,: It forms part of the illusory character of all thought all aspirations, all hope. It is.,rthe.-:first of the lessons which-are taught bv ex perience and learnt by mistake. . It is the very pith. and marrow, of .common. sense, and "Voltaire's experience—necessity for modification, &c.;> It is nonet the - less** a. concession of illusion;.,:. 1 AY c *-* begin life, then, in confidence, ■ directness,''certainty; All- things from. vittne to cqnyictions; inr eluding- our senses by the /w&v;,. , are as ' positive as so many ;miithemat-icaL;i con-; elusions. All our lines of demarcation are bread, bold,; black,.; and -firii ; ;all our virtues arc imperative! iiud our vii-es are j ust as su re. - And we leave life .with everything blurred, wavering, indistinct, uncertain. The Great Perhaps-- has-- re placed the absolute Fiat—the LuxMuridi is but a parhelion at the best." ; For.' the rest, the Unknown is Hie fittest confession —the Unknown,, and, ...pending -, that further ■ (lovclox>ineht-'- which shall give us a few, tiiuorc 'and : 'deeper convolutions than wo:.have, how—theUn knowable. Our. love was- an,.illusion.;, any friendship wnsn' fancy; -'oiii-'divine voices were self-created our aims and* hopes and endeavors "were all dreams dreamsy , Positive: .certainty/- belongs , to youth and inexperience only.:, When the one waxes into maturity arid the other is dispelled by kuowledgeipositiye certainty tlie secoiid.,;,-Then, the,vpliautiisniagoi-ic. takes its pkicG,;;andiTwo,:.confess that nothing, stands four-squaroyto' allCtlio winds that blow. , Jn youtli w6 - shodt,-. aloud, ",3V e, .kno.w''In. " old;* age* iyc ask of ^GieTpeons, 'bQiiesiiis-je? "' and they answer-backf-in » holloiy/.murmurs, V Nothing!" To dream-oLjoy. arid wako to.soiTOw; Jo, belie ye in-loveand -iall-.on disappointment -;^ kiiow,'the" pain of chilled endeavor and.'the anguish of' destroyed belief; criorj.the.'ipassionate vitality of strength to decline on the tremulous .fears of' weakness ;? from en thurtnpiu'tq.cpme tq> hopelessness ';' from the.gloripus; sunrise ,.of illusioii to .'live, in the cold,-, gray, twilight of knowledgeto \ exchange' cerbdrity^.ipriAriiaya—this is Life, and those'are; its 1 'external lessons. Our first word isExcelsior " : our ' lkst coiifessionJATchabodJb; .und.fqi; the glad resonance qfi^SioJtdr!'V.>i:c!sign,mourn fully ' "Sic- transit,'.'.! .iFrom .birth do dcailrlifo. is iHrplianlusmugdnt^illuHvcT" conditional, aiid,!^drpaiir^anii^whcn that death comes—what? ■"" .'GerierahBoothhgnvo.rlp -hmT'ehihuiiasfici'i meeting of the Salvation "Army in J-ixotcr Hall recently, some details of his scheme for the rescue-of1 "T)ark'csfEngland,l,; Diirin tlm pastthreo - months "403,God -meats- had: been, served '■in 'tho ^rtieltcrs-p'and'-GS.OOCH persons had heeri accommodhted-imder Salva-^ ■ion .-Axmy-n}«!^, .of ,wh*om,.238.' had beeri'ebn vertcd'. Last month; pernntrient situations were found fpr.Tninety bfi. tlieiri.^ In the fiOittipr-ju^cnilod-tlip'numberiofiipplicatious to.the Labor Bureaurwas ;-i,477, nndremplpy-, mont: was found for ,020; ,1m tho laborlaetOrVa 300iirieii,iuid 30 wpiricifaraalready emptoved; a farm lliid beeni'puruhiised,' onrwhiolil-n-brk' would be commencid'iihmedia'lelyp'amPa' match1 factory wotild; be \ ;qpcried' m a. day or twot ,where^' 90' .jwomch " w6iild:;'firid einplby-': mcii^-it; really dcclgrit >vagcs!WitU'respect, to'tho imjtches,;his.Jprily1.!fcjir.: was tlnit -the output wpidilnpt be fjuffiiiierit for. the deipaiid,' iu'iiwh!oh,iCHie;theynimightrv,bpueaikd vthe, 'LarkestEughirid ligli£s.'":i:iiIiutho liescuo Itonics 400 ipoor rivomcni iTero suQw.'tlbadingi virtubu&f.;_livbs;Mandc ii'sliiundiy) .h<i'dr beetf ■ boripfcifor BO' U ^ them1.";.''Many "oilier of 'thgr work werc^d^iilcd^the. 'Gferierat's' * bf^kLsYficlicmef being greeted new au immense audience;' " 1 "x ■ 