AMUSEMENTS. THEATEE ROYAL. Hie tenth and the most recent of Gilbert and S^ullivan's operas was produced at the Theatre Ivoyalon "Wednesday night. Mr. J. C. Willi am scaviindertakes the responsibility of placing be fore colonial audiences the latest if not the best ci: the - collaborative efforts of the famous author and composer who for many years'" past . have kept the world in good humor, with their wonderfully satirical stories, and quaintly original,' as well as sparkling and beautiful music. JLhe pro duction of the most recent opera of the Gil bert & Sullivan combination presented at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday night v with 72 members of the company is a proof, that managerial enterprise is in no wiseiacking in th\s partof the world,.but that given anything like appreciative public favor the managers ?will respond to the call in a thoroughly liberal manner) The Venetian scene of "The--.Gon doliers, or the King of Barataria," was selected by the authors because it was a romantic field of gruesome story, which by way of contrast gave to Gilbert the chance of making modern "ideas of - republicanism fit in with the fate of those who, under thesDoges, would have been con signed the everlasting doom of the dungeons that lay within the vision of the winged lion of St. -Marks. - Of course the opera is fanciful and amusing, as - a comic opera should be. The' characters in the opera are: The'Duke-of Plaza-Toro (a Grandee of Spam), Mr. William Elton ; Luiz (his attendant), Mr. Sydney Deane (his first appearance in Ade laide) ; Don Alhambra del Bolero (the Grand Inquisitor), Mr. Howard Vernon. Venetian Gondoliers-Marco ? Palmieri,: Mr. Henry Bracey; Guiseppe Palmieri, 'Mr. Chas. Ryley (his first appearance in Adelaide) ; Antonio, Mr. Wm. Kosevear; /Giorgio, Mr. Stanis Leslie; Annibale, Mr. Thomas Grundy. The Duchess of Plaza-Toro, Miss Elsie Cameron (her first appearance in Adelaide); Casilda (her daughter), Miss Florence Young (her first appearance in Adelaide). Contadini-Gianetta, Miss Flora Graupner; Tessa,' Miss Violet Varley; Fiametta, Miss M. G. Lewis; Vit \- toria, Miss K. Potter; Ginlia, Miss K. Kin naird; Inez (the king's foster mother), Miss -Mabel McKay ; chorus .of gondoliers and contadirie, men-at-arms, heralds, and pages. . The story of the " Gondoliers" is essentially Gilbeitian. -Before the opera: opens a king of . IBarataria has been,deposed, and hisinfant son has disappeared. . Before the disappearance theihfant was married to the infant daughter of the 4mpecuhio«s Duke of Plaza- Toro, -a grandee of Spam. - Twenty years after the duke Mid duchess and their only daughter appear in Venice in search of the Grand Inquisitor, who knows of the whereabouts of the young^king. A satirical..- conceit.. is . early introduced i by Gilbert. The duke is so impecunious that he had beencompelledtoforego nearly all! the appurtenances. of illustrious personages, and his " suite'5 ; is reduced to Luiz ;the drnipamer. . The absence of a band greatly troubles his grace. Failing the necessary cash lie announces to his daughter that he will - shortly be floated into a company, " The Duke . of . Plaza-Toro, Limited," upon the directorate cfwhich he;intends to take his seat ." after . allotment.11 The.Grand Inquisitor, is met by a difficulty in the recovery of the lost-king.: The "infant was placed in charge of a nurse, the motlier of Luiz. The infant is. supposed to be. one- of. the two gondoliers plying en the canals in Venice. The two ;are gondoliers, Marco and Guiseppe, but which of these is the king and which is the nurse's ;son the Grand Inquisitor knows not. Luiz is Sent to bring his mother" from the mountains, and the Grand Inquisitor hints that-if .necessary . " the torture cnamber" will compel her to tell -whichis the king. Before this incident the two gondoliers have married Gianetta and Tessa, two Contadini. The naannerof selection was. also a Gilbertain conceit. Marco and Guiseppe were blindfolded, and in the old fashioned game picked out their wives. Of course they were just the girls they wanted. .The marriage dances and songs are highly picturesque and appropriate. On learning of the exalted position of one of them the two gondoliers are not a little bewildered, the more BO as a few moments before they declared them selves to be republicans who held, kings in detestation. It .was arranged that pending a decision as to their identity the two were to reign conjointly, but they must at once depart for; the kingdom; This they did, taking their male comrades'"'with them, and appointing them to positions about the palace. The second actopens in the palaceof Baxataria, and affords this scenic artist the amplest scope. The Icing gondoliers have/given play to republican ideas, and everybody is treated as an ? equal. The ; result is a multitude of troubles. The kings, however, have only one j complaint. They desire to have a double ration j served out, and as this is graciously granted j they make endeavor to be content. But they want their wives-whom the grand conspirator had prevented accompanying them, Gianetta and Tessa, however, soon appear and shortly after the duke and duchess and their queen daughter also arrive. The duke has been suc cessfully "floated," and ..money ".'is', now plentiful. The sources of incomes are de scribed in a most -amusing duet for the duke and duchess. The duke's by "titles and orders for mayors and "recorders," and that of the duchess by presenting "any lady whose conduct is shady or smack ing of doubtful propriety," and all arrive at the conclusion -1 that you cannot do better than trot out a duke ora duchess." After apretty gavotte, in which the duke shows " the styleof thin,'? io the two gondoliers, the latter tell their, tale, of woe to Casilda, the young queen. Both are married, yet one of them- which they know not-iB a bigamist, since in his cradle he was married to Casilda herself. How ever, all doubts are set at rest by the arrival of Inez, the mother [of Luiz, who under torture influences." discloses that neither Marco or Guiseppe is the king, but none other than Luiz. So end the troubles of the gon doliers, tod Caiilda and Luiz^ who have been . lovers in secret, rejoice accord ingly, and forthwith assume the regal position. The various characters in the opera are well sustained, and the audience testified their approval on Wednesday in the heartiest applause.' The stage settingof the piece'taxed all the resources of the local stage, seeing that so many persons were grouped upon it in a somewhat mixed fashion, but no doubt this can be remedied, and in a night or two the - Gondoliers will hold the audience, as they.. deserve to, from start to finish. CATHOLIC CQXOEET. The Norwood Town Hall-was packed on Wednesday evening when a concert was given by the pupilsof the Sisters of St. Joseph-school, Norwood and Kensington. After an overture toy Misses Gemmers and Tamlin, an assembly of 200 boys and girls sang with precision and harmony a chorus entitled "The bells." Miss. Geoghegan gave with taste and feel ing the pretty solo "Carissima." Some «f the boys and girls then went through & number of '. exercises, and' met with great' applause. The girls then rendered "The flight of the swallow," while the boys gave, the chorus, "Deep in the Australian woods.5' Miss J. Gommers chose a rather difficult song in the " Nightingale's trill," but _ she Acquitted herself very creditably. The £rst part of the entertainment closed .with a dramatic performance in two acts of "Enis cliff Hall," the characters being sustained by Misses E. Mullins, Gommers, Condly, J. Gommers, Larkin, and Cullen. The second part consisted of a miscellaneous collection of sentimental and. comic songs, glees, and choruses, all of which were carried out suc cessfully. * Ml'sioai. GHOST Iixusrox. There was a constant stream of visitors to this exhibition on Wednesday afternoon and evening. General satisfaction was expressed, feoth with the entertainment provided and the giite which each visitor received. HANS t»k BOA-i-max. There was a crowded house at Garner's Rooms on Wednesday evening, when " Hans the Boatman" was repeated by »tacey's Comedy Company. By special request the same piece will fee staged again to-night. PORT TOWN HALL. An entertainment was given in the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Wednesday evening in aid of the widow and family of the" late Mr. W. J. Stephens, letter- carrier. There was a large attendance, and a capital programme was submitted. The first part consisted of the representation of the piece " Love Levels Ranks," followed by songs and recitations. In the second part musical selections and. recitations were again introduced, the per formance concluding with the staging of " Tim," The entertainment was carried out: wider the 'auspices of the Northern Star Tent of Hechabites and theJervois Lodge, I.O.G.T. 