THIS AND THAT. \----:o:---- You cannot dream yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself one. * * * Reputation is what men and women think of us ; character is what God and angels know of us. * * * The Editor of the Charters Towers Australian Republican is now being prosecuted for Sedition by the Queensland Government. Now in South or West Austialia such a farce would not be wondered at, but in rebellious Queensland it looks "cronk." The case must be either very bad of very good * * * One of the most striking figures at Mr. Bradlaugh's funeral was his brother, Mr. W. R. Bradlaugh. The latter is in appearance, opinion, and belief, the reverse of the late member for Northampton. He is a man of strong religious convictions, and looked with horror at the atheistic opinions of his brother. Mr. W. R. Bradlaugh has been for years an active preacher of Evangelicalism of a sincere through narrow type. The two brothers were as opposed to each other as Cardinal Newman and his brother F. W. New- man. How brothers differ!—which is a remark we think we have heard before somewhere. * * * " Mr. Cecil Rhodes, the Premier of Cape Colony, and the chief proprietor of the Kimberley diamond mines, is now in London. He has had a long interview with Mr. Parnell. It is reported that Mr. Rhodes has decided to support Mr. Parnell and will place, if necessary, a considerable sum of money at his disposal." Rhodes a few years back gave £10,000 to the Home Rule fund, principally with the idea that if Ireland got home rule, with representation at Westminster, it would be the first step towards practical Imperial Federation, which is a great fad with Rhodes. He is an Englishman, but thoroughly enamoured of Parnell's great leading powers, and swallows Home Rule Pills sugar-coated with the Imperial Federation phantom. Parnell has evidently kept him on the string since. * * * Mrs. Arthur Wilson, the principal defendant in Sir William Gordon- Cumming's action for slander, in connection with the aristocratic cardsharping scandal, is the wife of one of the partners in the great shipping firm of Wilson. His wealth is very great; his income cannot be much less than j £100,000 year. The member for Hull is his brother. Mrs. Arthur Wilson is a great entertainer, and ' the Prince of Wales' set' frequently ' honours' her parties—Mrs. Lycott Green, another of the defendants in the action, is a married daughter of Mrs. Wilson. What grand fun the "great unsoaped democracy" are having now in England watching these aristocratic bees wriggling disgracefully about in the social tar-bottle. May they stick there and be—say we of Perth. * * * Mr. Parnell's love and regard for his colleagues may be inferred from this little story told in a London paper. " When the party was formed years ago, it was suggested that as many of its members did not know each other, it would be a good thing to have a weekly dinner during the Parliamen- tary session at the Holborn Restaurant. Mr. Parnell himself vetoed the pro- posal, on the ground that there were several of the more humble members whom he did not care to know." When Dr. O'Doherty left the Queensland Upper House and proceeded to Ireland to enter the House of Commons, he thought he could make brilliant capital out of his 48 reputation, but it is recorded that Parnell only shook hands twice with him during the course of his stay as a Nationalist member; and it is said he returned with disgust to Australia at the cool reception he met with from that marvellous political iceberg, 'the uncrowned King." Sir Chas. Gavan Duffy was treated somewhat similarly. Parnell evidently values the old maxim " Familiarity breeds contempt"—and hence, in a measure, the secret of his greatness. * * * The Daily News at last attempts to deal seriously with the public disgust at the literary barrenness of the Perth dailies in this way:—"One of the commonest complaints is, " there's nothing in the papers." Amateur critics of the press are numerous, and they have all the assurance and lack of knowledge of the critical tribe. Noth- ing is easier than to find fault with a paper for its lack of news, nothing is much harder than to find the news with which to fill it. Let any of these ir- responsible critics start on the task of " par finding" in the fair city of Perth, and see for himself how many columns of "copy" he can put together in a week, and then he will be better able to understand the subject he now so glibly criticises." Perhaps this acknowledged incapacity accounts for so much space being given to indecent assault cases—into the disgusting details of which our pious dailies have lately delved with a Sydney Evening News zest. It's not safe for households to take in such papers without first examining the reports of the police court proceedings, if they want to preserve their children's innocence of unmentionable crimes. And yet one of these journalistic social purists had the audacity a few days ago to devote a leader on the evil effects of evil example to the young. If the authorities are empowered to interfere with the introduction of vile French literature, why not also curb base tendencies of local manufacture? Is our contemporary forgetting its late philosophy, " The greater the evil the greater care to be observed in hiding it" ? * * * An anonymous writer on " Beauty's Sufferings" repeats with some emphasis the old, old warnings associated with tight-lacing. " No matter'' (the writer says) " how doctors and men of science inveigh against this iniquitous practice, in spite of a mother's protestations and a father's wrath, girls will persist in wearing their corsets inches smaller than the natural size of their waists. Not even the intense pain caused by this absurd customs deters them from doing it—it is the fashion ; and though every organ in the body may be displaced, the ribs squeezed so hard that they become misshapen, the flesh almost eaten into by the pressure, so long as 18in. is the maximum girth nothing else signifies and the fair sufferer bears her pain as bravely as the Spartan boy of old. For this, men are at least as much to blame as the foolish women who pander to their bad taste, for in spite of asseverations to the contrary every man in his heart admires waist of wasp like proportions; argument seldom prevails with the sex, but even the most obtuse can be convinced by facts brought directly under her notice; and though she may be perfectly willing to bear any amount of pain for the sake of appearing slim and steadfastly refuses to believe that she is injuring herself by so doing, let her look carefully at the noses of those who are in the habit of tightlacing and consider if the red and purple tints which it engenders are not infinitely more unsightly than even a very large waist." We art thankful for the hint about the noses, and would rest satisfied if this correspondent could inform us what scent is best to use for girls who eat raw onions going to bed every night and who are compelled to do the "Irish whisper" occasionally in the pink ear of their non-vegetarian mashers ? * * * What is the capital of the Australian Republic ? This is the question which will cause trouble for the coming schoolboy as he admits his ignorance and holds out his hand for a refreshing supply of " stirrup oil" or "cane juice." It is causing unpleasantness amongst ourselves already, and there is reason to fear our chief cities and towns will claw one another so badly over the business that when the cruel war is finished we won't have enough of any place left to form a capital at all. Albury has long since christened itself the Federal City; but now we find Warrnambool og potato fame asserting its superior claims on account of the prolific nature of its " spud" crops Wagga also puts in a claim on the score of its having formerly been the home of the Tichbourne Claimant: whilst Tenterfield submits that it once saved Parkes's political life, and consequently, it should be looked upon as the saviour of Federation as well, as Parkes and Federation (according to Parkes) are synonymous. Sutton Forest bases its claim on the fact that Lord Jersey resides there occasionally, while Bathurst proudly points out that it has already spread a bond of union all over Australia by means of that delightful plant the "Bathurst Burr." Bourke draws attention to the salubrity of its climate and its hardswearing, teetotal reputation; Kiama trusts to its good old Fenian " Ghost;" and a place called Boodgee Boodgee asserts its right to the honour because it is 500 miles away from any place at all on every side, and consequently it has heaps of room to spread. " Teapot Swamp" has not yet advanced its particular claims, and a like negligence is noticeable on the part of " Flaherty's Flat," " M'Ginty's Lagoon," "Dead Dog Gully," " Bungaree" and " Gentle Annie's Gap," but there is plenty of time to spare, and it is not definitely settled that we will ever require a Capital City at all. Notwithstanding the suggestions of that " widely circulated journal" the Perth Inquirer, Albany and Perth are not even whispered as likely spots. They have about as much chance as Patagonia and Tipperary ; and about half as much as Rockhampton and the Never Never country. * * * Worth has been interviewed about his business. Here are some of the great man's views :—" Those ladies are wisest who leave the choice entirely to us. By so doing they are always best pleased in the end, and the reputation of the house is sustained. Curiously enough the persons who realise this fact most clearly are precisely those whom you might fancy the most difficult to please. For example, a telegram comes from the Empress of Russia: "Send me a dinner dress.' Nothing more. We are left absolute freedom as to style and material. Not that the Empress is indifferent in the matter of dress. Quite the contrary, She will sometimes require that all the ladies' costumes at a certain ball be pink, or red, or blue. And her own toilets are always masterpieces of elegance. The point is that she trusts our judgment rather than her own. I remember once making a gown for the Empress Eugenie in three hours and a half. Of course such rapidity would be impossible if elaborate work were required. It often takes weeks to complete an embroidered gown. At the time of the coronation of the present Emperor of Russia we had girls working night and day for six weeks on a Court train for the Empress, which was covered with magnificent embroidery in real silver. That train alone cost over a thousand pounds, and will be preserved in the State Museum as an historical curiosity. We count among our patrons the ladies of all the Courts in the civilised world, that is, with a single exception. Queen Victoria has never honored us with her patronage." It would be interesting to know how much genuine charity these court dames distribute per annum, or in other words, how many groans and curses accompany the making of these viciously sinful extravagances for a set of worthless female drones. As regards Vic's want of appreciation of Worth, it need not be traced to anything but her well known faculty for putting by for that rainy which she is well aware must soon overtake her multitudinous royal pauper relations. The virtue of charity with the Guelphs has always been notoriously conducted on strict family anxioms. The woman who sent a collect telegram to Australia to condole with miners widows in the loss of their breadwinners, and who gives less practical aid to her " loving subjects" than any other decent Sovereign in Christendom, is not likely to become bankrupt on account of the Worths of this world, although she has no objection to perpetuate a civil list system which has largely contributed to make England the Champion National Debtor of the Universe. But however, we can't afford to be " disloyal" and we must conclude like the Taylor Carrington Co. and the Circus with " God save the Queen," and withered be he who first cries " hold, enough." * * * That we are not alone in our opinions with regard to Parnell, as expressed in our sub- leader of the 14th instant, under the heading of "Political Genius and Private Morality," the following from The Bulletin of the 28th idem will show:—" Many supporters of Parnell profess an unswerving faith that he will yet prove the whole of the O'Shea charges to be trumped-up calumnies. They dwell strongly upon the cold-blooded and secretive masterfulness of Parnell's character in all his past greatest stresses, illustrating this trait of his personality by drawing attention to his calm silence alike under Forster's accusation of participation in murder and under the Times' accusations in the Pigott conspiracy, and they hazard the conjecture that he will similarly disprove the O'Shea allegations when the right time comes for reactionary dramatic effect. That " right time" is deemed to be when six months have elapsed after the trial, after the rule nisi is made absolute and Mrs. O'Shea is quite safe from her late husband. A strong point with unshaken admirers is the Davitt testimony. Many of Parnell's late adherents deserted him, not so much on account of his alleged adultery, but because he apparently basely gave his friends Michael Davitt and Pall Mall Stead the " lie direct" by assuring them that his innocence would be proved "at the trial." Parnell now declares that he did not say " at the trial" and his faithful followers couple this statement, in which they profess to see significance, with a former testimony given by Michael Davitt, as follows :— " Mr. Parnell has never deceived me in his life. Over and over again I have been in difficult positions with Mr. Parnell, when it might have been very much to his interest to have misled me. I never knew him say a word that was false." Tt is urged that it is unreasonable to suspect Parnell of suddenly going back on his traditions and his life-habit of truthfulness, and that, though he may have promised Davitt that he would prove his innocence, he didn't promise to do so " at the trial"—ergo, a sudden strategy is reserved for the future. Further arguments in support of this theory are that the jury's verdict was based only on the uncontradicted evidence of female servants who may have mistaken platonic political meetings for lovers' assignations, and that the fire-escape episode and the being "forbidden the house" rest solely on the testimony of O'Shea. If Parnell is sacrificing his own reputation temporarily, in order to rid Mrs. O'Shea of an undesirable husband, and if he succeeds in proving that this is his chival- rous course of action, he will be exalted in the Hibernian mind from a hero to a demigod." 