G O O D S T O R T E S . A certain Scotch miliionare, seeing tbe pyramids, cried : " What na iule sank hie money in 16 charming. A sexton at Kirkintilloch, being intoxicated, tell asleep in a grave. When wakened liy tbe bogle ol a passing coach, be took it tor tbe last trump, arope. and looking round. eaid : " Eeb, a puir EIIOW tor Kirkintilloch 1'' Hie local patriotism bad expected a more populous assembly on (his occasion. A Scot, being shown Niagara, was asked if be bad ever seen aught to beautiful and etrange. He replied: " Wccl. for benny, I'll no Bay; bat eb, mcr, for I ance taw a peacock v-'" ft wooden leg ai Pseblos." Here are some instances o! oddities of expression. A Scotch publican was coxnp'aining cf his servant maid. IIo eaid (hat abc could never be found when wanted. *' She'll gang oot o' the house," he eaid, " twenty limes for once she'il come in." A - countryman went to a menagerie to examine the wild beastSeveral gentlemen expressed the opinion that the orangoutang was a Jo xex order of the human epeoiee. Hodge did not like this idea, and striding cp to the gentlemen expressed his contempt lor it in these sTDide ; "Pooh? he's no more of the human epcoies than I be." -. . . -SfamaiB, is that a spoiled child!" .'aeted a little boy, on Eeeiog & negro baby for the first time. ' -jJjdlips EiohLerg told this etory to Ario _BateB;-"Qar teacher ot singing,^'said Jie, ąt pnę time fll,»ndfor« .jriifóftftŃc Of thevooalolaBees. 'One aay.alŁSyt bat edi-Łuced tn ywriycameTOlrnai:® aarimngeajents for taking private lessons in singing.' The results of my trying tor voice Wsrs oot particularly encouraging, and fit the end of the second lesson I felt it my doty , to tell her that ber ear did sot seem to me to bs true. She received the remark very . coolly, and at the next lesson went on singling Łe badly as ever, • I am afraid, 1 leaid to her, 'that yon can never learn to Eing in tnnfl." • Ob, it doMh't matter,' the returned. • Doesn't matter ?' I asked, naturally ratber surprised. • L doc"! care anything about the music,' was her explanation. " but my doctor eaid that singing would belie beet thing for my dyspepsia, and eo I decided to tate lessons." " A very psor actor in B Łlo played the part ol the Ghost in"Himlet" foe many jeers. Sjphir, the German wit, feeing him, said : "It would bs c good thing it i!iie man gaz* up the sko't, tso that somebody e'.ee eould (ukehU pat:/' Hearing surprise expressed bvCiues E;ll=tab ma3e no sensation during his stay in Parij, Siphic remarked : •' Taai's perfectly natural; he WEE traveling incognito under tbe name ol IMUtsb."' A young poet once stntihe humorist i.n " O ic to Immorality," requesting t;is rtjinicn of it.. Sspii'r returned the manuscript with the metsage: •• X.iis packet wiii never reach its address." 'Tarto persons," remarked the wit, sleep sounulj-—& child, o corps?, and a night watchmnn." During Ha svj -uro \- n ^ Saphir was frequently in thu socioiy of a weU known ihaatrisa! niaaiper whose dullness was notorious. otra~ce it if that my go to sleep over, day ,! i t tie re- marked. •• How cfu you wonder,*" returccd Sipliir; they aCe always in vour com- pany." Tbe daughter of ati E yliVn banker has caused a crest sccsation by (literally) ••mating wit.1 n cloirn." It certainly teems en anomalous tiling to do, for banking ana ctrens circlcs cau be hgrdly eaid to touch. Years ngo (--nys James Pavnl, I knew a gentleman who settled in the South, end became eo pnpaior io bis neighborhood that even the -county families" condescended to visit h-.m. Tbey never conld discover how ho bad m2a0 his monsv, but were ratisfied oj his eols.nn«EarsI:oe-tba, it not m trauc. Kolning „„id rrcfed the ordinary graviiy of his ĆEraesuor, which, indeed, caused him to be placed in tbe Com- ...VWUion of the Peace; but now jiod tben, Without sny apparent provocation, he would fcnrat into such a lacgh no one ever hca.d belore tieept iu one p!a',e. Where they conld iavc heard it puzzled the county families for five and-twecty years ; but at last he was bdtrayed, unconsciously, bv hie own grandchild after c visit to a trsveiling Circns. "Granapa lar.gbs like the clown P Was there ever a man snatclicd from death Who did not fctl an iL-c;ication to gaze upon the p'acs where he had been almost doomed? The influence o! this suauge but natoral feeling ie exhibit^ hy a story fid in Cockburns "Circuit Jotitiieys." łlany years ago, in Iidmbargh, Bman namrd Elliot was convicted of some capital iCeoce, and sentenced to be banged. O^iDg to a legal coubt he wee pardoned a day or two before he was to tinted. But cnotfcer man, who was conccmned to bB ex»euied on ibe same day, woe tot FO fortunate. On the day <)f his ex.eetion a great crowd nss^mbico, into which, a frsc'.leman straved. and fouod uiuiself so hemmed in that hs fought refuge in a remote fpst at the npDer end of the liiwnmarket. 'iV/ji'c stand'iDg there he noticed a man coma hurriedly ta the spot, apS in tbegu-atc-st agitation, gsze apon tfce gibbet. Siting the man's eyes etrained to catch every movement of the condemned, rtie gentlemsn observed him closely. It was Eiliot, the pardoned criminal, for he had seen theman upon his trial, and reoognized nim. The man seemed rivetted to the spot; with clenched hands and heaving bosom he stood, the picture cf horror. The spectacle ol the doom from which he bad been enatohed GO faeainated him that he eould sot stir. 