CONSECRATION OF ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, BALLARAT. BALLARAT, Sunday. Tho ceremony in connection with the eonse- orntion of St. Patrick's Cathedral was performed to-day and proved a brilliant affair. Long be fore the time appointed for the opening of the edifioe thousands of persons had ossomblcd in tho grounds, and when the prelates arrived there was a rush to secure sitting accommoda tion within the spaoiouB building. When ponti fical high mass commenced tho cathedral was crowded in every part, and large numbers of .persons were refused admission owiug to want of space. St. Patrick's Cathedral is the first ohuroh of the kiad to be consecrated in Aus tralasia. Very few are aware of the fact that thoaotual consecration of tho cathedral took place quietly on Thursday, the officiating prelate beingDr. Cor- bett, Bishop of Sale, who was assisted by several dignitaries. Tho function lasted for five hours, aud was of an impressiva character. In refer- cnoo to the eeremony of consecration theoanons of the cliureh enjoin that there shall be a fixed stone .altar iu the church to bo oonscorated, and that tho ohuroh itself shall bo wholly free of debt. Aa a reason, for this proviso it is statod that churches are consecrated to be a perpetual centre of daily worship for the congregations assigned to them. The ohuroh is opposed to attaching the soal of consecration to anything, or to any edifice, -which 'might in the future revert to profane uses. The cathedral of Ballarat is, of course, now. free. of debt, its total oost being about £40,000. A. value of. £10,000 has bocn placed on tho ground and surroundings. Tho new high altar, whioh lias just been erected, was made to order in Rome hy Signor Leonard!, and oost £1300. It is composed of Carrara marble, is of Gotbio design, and is elaborately ornamented. ' The cathedral, which has-been brought to its pre- sent stage- in three contracts, has been con- structcd from plans executed by Hansom, of London, and originally prepared for St. Patriok's, Melbourne. The new central window, near the high altar, is from tha establishment of Messrs. Clayton and Bell, London, and was presented to the cliureh by Miss Carpenter, of Melbourne. It is of Gotbio design, and cost £500. For its pictorial subject it has the sacri- fice on Calvary. ' Iu eaoh of tho side chapels there are also beautiful costly wiudows, illus trated by Biblical subjeots. Tho new tiles just laid down in the chancel wero purchased at a cost of £400 in Austria by Bishop Moore. They are representative of thefour symbolical figures of the evangelists, and add additional effect to the pretty appearance of the ohanoel. Arrange- mants have been made for the delivery of two new mnrblo altars for the side ohapols. Moss was first celebrated in Ballarat by Br. Dunne, in the very early fifties. Tlio church in itheso days consisted of a tent 30 x 15, and stood on a hill near the Gong Gong-road. In 1874 St. Alipiu9's Ohuroh on the Mclbourno-iond was opened by Bishop Goold, who had previously laid the foundation stone of the building. Dr. Goold laid tho foundation stone of tho cathedral on the7th February, 1858, and the edifies was opened in 1869, the dokt not amounting to more than £1800. The building committeo wore as follow : — Rev. Patrick Madden, Mossrs. 3V. Collard Smith, M.L.A., M. J. Cummins, Riohard Wrigloy, A. J. Forbes, John Cummins, J. Tappin, John Keano, J. Daly, J. J. Graber, R. Boiford, D. Keys, \V. M. Brown, and M. C. Carey, secre tary. Building operations were completed under the supervision' of Dean (now Bishop) Moore, who had tho carrying out of the more important and moro costly portion of tho work. To com- plete the plans of tho building a spire and tower will have to bo constructed, and it is moro than probable that ere long coutraots will be called for these necessary additions to tho most pre- tentious looking ecclesiastical struoture in the goldficlds city. First celebrating mass in a rudo canvas tent the Roman Catholic body now possess in Bal larat alono property valued at £180,000, as fol lows St. Pat vick'a cathedral and grounds, £50,000 ; convent and grounds, Lake Wendou- reo, £30,000 ; Loretto day school, Dawson- street, £7000 ; Nazareth House, £15,000 ; Re- demptorist monastery, £12,000; bishop's paloco, £121,000 ; Holy Ghost college, £9000 ; St. Alipiits church and grounds, Ballarat East, £16,000 ; Ballarat East convent and grounds, £7000; Christian Brothers' sohools, &o.;, £15,000; and miscellaneous propel ty, £7000. The elaborate decorations just completod in tho cathedral were oxecutcd by Mr. Mouncey, of Melbourne, whoso tender amounted to £500. Tho extras will bring tho total up to about £900. Dr. Mooro is tho second R.C. Bishop of Ballarat, and wub consecrated in his cathedral on the 27th April, 1884. The first bishop was Dr. O'Connor, now deceased, and whoso remains are interred within tho cathedral walls. Tlio latter prelato was consecrated in Rome, in 1874. Tho Catholio population of tho Ballarat diocoso is estimated at about 38,000. Tlioro are 42 secular priests in tho diucese, nnd 12 rogulnrs. Bishop Moore has ecclesiastical jurisdiction over a wide area, extending from Cape Otway on the south, to Uildurn ou tho north, to Mount Gnmbior on the -west, to Maryborough on tho east. The vicars-genoral are Monsignors Hoyno and O'Dowd. Tha assemblage of prelates nt tho ceremony to-day was tho largest over witnessed in this quarter of the world. Among tho number wero Cardinal Moran, with Dr. O'Hnran (his private secretary), Arohbishops Carr (Molbourho), Rey nolds (Adelaide), Murphy (Hobart), Dnnne (Brisbane) and Redwood (Wellington) ; Bishops Moore (Ballarat), Corbett (Sale), Revillo (Sand- hurst), O'Reilly (Port Augusta), Dunno (Wil- cannia), Torrcginn, (Armidalo), Moran (Duno- din), Higgins (Sydney) nnd Murray (Mait land. Tho absentees wero the Bishops of Grafton and Goulburn, who are visiting Europe. There wore ovor 30 priests in attendance, including Father Cakill, S.J., of Melbourne. A strong choir, under the leadership of Mr._ "Wrigloy, sang, with orchestral accom paniment, Hummell's grand mass in E fiat. Mnsio for the string parts had beon specially written by order of Dr. Mooro. Tho soprano portion of the mnss was taken by Mrs. Palmer, of Molbourne, and Mndamo Christian took tho alto. Signor Bnzzi sustained tha baritone parts, and the tenor solos were rendered by Mr. J. W. Barton, of Ballarat. The singing of tho mass was a great success, and wa3 one of the principal features of tho imposing proceedings. Tho sermon was pfoaohed by Cardinal Moran, who took as his text Ephesians, 4th chapter, 4th to 6th . verses. Tho address of his Eminence lasted for three-quarters of an hoar, and dealt mainly with tlio important ooromony of conse cration. In the afternoon Bishop Mooro enter- taincd about 200 gentlemen at dinner at tho Holy Ghost College. Among tlio company were Mr. J. G. Duffy, Postmaster-General ; Mr, Outhbort and Mr. Fitzgerald, M.L.O.'s; Mr. Madden and Mr. Murphy; ' M.Li. A. 's ; and tho Protestant denominations were well repre sented. A number of appropriate toasts were proposed and honored, inoluding thoso of the Bishop of Ballaiat and the . Visiting Digni taries. At vespers this evening tho pulpit was fillod by Dr. Redwood, Bishop of Wellington, who also delivored a sermon of an appropriate oharaoter. The visiting prelates will remain in Ballarat daring .tho week. The cardinal, tho bishops and arohbishops will take part in the eeremony of laying the foundation stone of the new redemptorist monastery which is being built on the Burrumbcet-road at a oost of £15,000. . 