BOXING. Ned Ryan v. "Sluij£er" Williams. Science Scores a Win. Ryan and Joe Goddard. Ned Rj'an, of Braidwood, and " Slugger " Williams, the champion of Bathurst, fought with Goz. gloves at the Coogee Aquarium on Saturday afternoon, the former boimr vic- torious. The purso fought for contained 100 sovs. There were about 300 spectators round the 24fc. ring, which was pitched on tho lawn, and tlicy witnessed a lively fight for their money. Tho proceedings wore started by Mick Ive3 and Chiddy Ryan boxing four rounds. Both lads pegged in in their usual merry style, mid the claret was soon in evidence. Ives was too good lor the other fellow, who wus somewhat ex hausted towards the clobe. Mick Dunn and Jim Barron then gave a display, but coming after .the -'exhilarating performance of Ives and Ryau "it proved tamo by comparison. The gladiators of tho afternoon did not keep folks waiting long. Williams first took his seat in the corner, attended by Jack Lowin, Pat. Kiely, aud his trainer, and from liis smiling countenance ono would gather that lie had no fear as to wlmt the rosult of tlio meeting would be. Ned Ryan Was in his wako and appeared some what anxious. Dick Ellis, Eddie Sey mour, -and Jaok Connors looked after him. Mr. Sydney Broomficld, the refereo, announced tho weights : Williams 14st. 61b., Ryan 12st. 71b., a-' differenco of nearly 2st. Both experienced difficulty in getting their hands ' into the gloves, but soon all was ready, and at the call of timo the men 'ad vanced to ; the middle of the ring .and shook hands. Ryan was 'tlio ..taller -of tho two, but Ids physique did not show the enormous muscular dovelop- 'merit of liis oppoBTent, who, however;- was anything but finely trained. Round 1.— Williams startod rushing, but a straight left-prevented him getting close enough to do mischief. The Bathurst man again got on the go, but R.yau clinched, and the fonnor.- in renewing his! charges, -fell down in front of his antagonist. He was . up almost immediately, - arid the fierce looks ho bestowed oh Ryau woro quite paralytic, and caused folks _ to smile. . Ryau got on his opponents ! ribs with his right, and .Williams aimed':- some heavy righthanders by way of return at Ryan's body. -Ryah used liis left well', 'and repulsed the. rusher in front of him , re peatedly.- > Williams sent in the right riftor the left ust as corners sounded. Ryan had decidedly the best of this round. Round 2.— Ryan looked confident 'as- tlioy sparred up and led "with the left. In jotting away Williams let go viciously at liis ribs nnd 'got borne. At close quarters Williams brought a heavy right on to his opponent's throat, Ryan later on getting level . by stag gering tlio Bathurst man back ivitli' a straight left oii the oliiii. Ryan repeated tlio same blow with similar results- twice again in succession. As Ryan led Willi.ams pasted him ivitli the right about tho ribs.. Tlio latter part of tho round was characterised by furious "rushes ..on the part of Williams', who, however, could not get past . Ryan's .left. Round s.— Willinins let go first; and Ryan soon dashed in and sent liis right quickly on to Williams' ear, the latter going down from tho force. Ho came up as mad as. a bull. Ryan's straight left kept him at bay though, and ho soon cooled down. Ryan missed with a right-hand iipporcut that, would havo done Williams very little good; Williams continued to charge forward impetuously and the -tall 'Braid wood lad was bowludovor. -After a few.seconds on the ground lie was up facing the foe, but looked iiburedas Williams harassed liiin.. Just before "corners" was called Ryan stepped in and scored with tho loft nicely. Round 4. — Williams put great power into liis blows, but Ryan's hits did not seem very effective, Ryan was sent down out of a i-nliy, and Williams wasapplaudcd for refrain ing to strike him while he was on his knees. Williams rushed for the remainder of the' round, but.Ryan's loft bothored him a lot. Round 5. — Williams nearly broko his slim opponent in two with a heavy right on tho ribs. Williams was all at sea when Ryan led, and had not tho ghost of ail idea as to how to stop the blows. As Williams bore in Ryan upporent beautifully with the right on the face. After repeatedly being sent buck .with a left that was always in his way, WillianiB at length by means of a rush got tlio'euemy against the ropes and a spirited riilly occurred, Ryan eventually clinching) During this exchange of blows Ryan re ceived several heavy right-handers on tho head that rattled liim considerably. Williams made an onslaught, and scored with a heavy blow that sent Ryan back-, wards and nearly toppled him over. Ryan, with great difficulty, kept his footing, "corners" soon Bounding. Round G.— Notable for somo determined rushes on tlio part of Williams, who bustled Iiyan into the hitter's corner, where tlio pair mixed it. Ryan lashed out with his right, the blow finding its destination on Williams' jaw. Tho pair fell down together, Ryau reaching tlio earth first. Ryan was up very quickly, but Williams took his time' allowance. Round 7. — Ryan plied liis loft in fine style. Williams wound up a rush by falling over and occupying nearly lOsec. on the green sward. Round 8.— Rather tame. Williams was tumbled by Ryan's left, and tho lattor missed with a torrible right that would have done dire mischief had it liccn properly aimed. Round 9.— Williams missed a right swing at tho head, and Ryan followed suit by failing to land a heavy ono intended for tlio ribs. Williams inado a num ber of attacks, but Ryan hold his own and again failed with a right upporent. Towards the close of tlio round Williams received a straight left on tlio chin that knocked -him bank to tbe ropes. lie grew savage, and again concluded a rush by falling over and tiiking timo. Round 10.— Ryan did great execution with his left, and Williams could not guard tlio blows at all. Round 11. — An upperout that landed on tho chest steadied Williams. He rushed in and gave Ryan a heavy' one on the side of the head with tho right, and a straight left by liim on to Ryan's nose brought the ruby. Williams then forced, but Ryan was cool, and stalled him off. Round 12. — Ryan bothered liis opponent with left- hand punches, and nearly did the trick with a right swing. Williams once more finished np n rush by going down, to the amusement of tlio spectators. He was up immediately, and a right counter sent Ryan nearly over. Somo confused fighting took piace, both men falling over, Williams being the slowest to his foot. . Round J.').— A rush took Ryan off liis feet, but not for long. Round 14. — Williams had tlio lead in this round, but Ryan aimed several blows with his right that looked dangerous. Round J 5. — Williams rushed, and took a rest on tlio ground. Up again, and Ryan sent along bis right on the ribs. Ryan now used this hand well, upper- cutting Williams twice with it oil the face. Round 10. — Williams rushed forward at his opponent, who stopped him with a heavy right counter. Williams charged forward again, and Ryan met him with a lightning right on the jaw,' which took the Bathurst man clean off bis pins. He was knocked all in a heap and knew just enough to get up after several seconds. Ryan went in to finish matters, and his groggy opponent fell with out being struck. After being nearly lOsce. on the floor, be rose again, but tottered about in a helpless fashion. Ryan went at him wildly, and Williams was brought to grass again, being unable to rise before the lOsec. had flown. Ryan was then declared the winner. Tho loser showed no science at all. Ryan fought better than was expected of him, and it is understood is desirous of tackling Joe Goddard. 