tite ANGEL.* j Bt HENET HERMAN. &sth;« of 'Scsilet Fortune.' ' Eairte Joe,' -*? jfetdtsn the Whiff.,' ** A IieMing Laiy,' ** For Ola Virginia,' etc. CHAPTER V-— The Spkotee of the Risx. They hadf^bften ^sitting there Toi-fnuy ;-a quarter of ia hour, puffing sila»Hy at tasir cigars, the old au raiu{ in tront of JiaD hfimtdy, coldly, vacantly, tbe yopnger man moving uneasily on his chair, casting wistful gl.ptwa at his companion, and drumming a stent mucb with his finger-tips on the table. 'Tell me all about yeiwrseif,' aaid the pioneer on a sodden. 'Let's have afair, sjuare look at yewr devQ, an* see if he's as black as yew've painted him. Tell us all about Low Yew've growed up, an' Khar yeWre growed up, anhow yew re come to be what yew ate. I guess then I'll tnow whatl've gojt The votmg man hesitated for a n^mc^^fa -undecidedly. V:-' '? ; ? 'It is perhaps better that you shouMjSMr all,' he said at last with a heavy-lbaWMMW. '1 have told you the wont. TlyhstH6JH| history has no surprises — of the^flfiagneUM kind at any rate. « X can remember myself first of all,' he con tinued, ' a jrimy, Bmudge-taced, half -ragged urchin, rnnung about Front street, tit. Louis ; diving and dodging about the steamboota on tbe levee, and picking up pieces of wood, bits of iron, and all such rubbish as are generally found in similar neighbourhoods, and carrying them to my mother, who lived in & tumbledown shanty not for from the railway station. The steward and cooks ot the steameis used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of pumpkin-pie, of meat, and of com cate I pot from them. I remember well how, even at that time the boys of my own age used toahun me, aad taunt nw with my father 'being athief or with my father being ill prison. At that time I saw vary little of him. Even whan he was not in gaol he was Beldom aJMhg|Kmnd whefi he waa at home our little dSMpHpa ray heU upon earth. He used HjpeS-ay mn&CT;^npnmrafc^y, and wkE and open & door for them. ' I had got heartily tired of being jeered at aad gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind onder the teachings of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wall, but when I got on the top I shouted with all niy might, and the people of the house were awakened and came out, and my father had to run away vowing vengeance against me. ' After that I dared not go home, but Mr. Casey, tbe kind Baptist missionaiy, sheltered me for a few days and nights, aad at last he got me a place as scullery bay on tbe steamboat Wisconsin, running between St. Louis and Daboqaa All went very well with me for a while. From the post of s:ullerj boy 1 roae to that of pantry boy, and then to that of cabin boy. The parser took a fancy to me, and lent me books to read, and v?heu winter came he got me a place on the Vires Citv steamer, running between Vicksburgh aad Yazoo city, aad I paaacd another season there. g; ^M^jood fortune would have it that ogthat me,;a$a I^as^UjJtoJtoifen^ £ h- ofUasf rase'1 «roa*orfEpo«tfen ?%- ?inotSer-'teffall would have been well if, one unlucky day, I had not, in the Btreet, tun acioss my father. He was unfortunately too well known in the place. He had been tarred and featheied there, he had been flogged there, he had bean in the chain-gang, he had bean within an ace of beiag hanged there. He immediately claimed from me the lights which bis ties of affinity gave htm, and Z had to confess thehorrible , truth to Mr. Walkeri? I' tried/^0 ny wretched father's 'Ifepittiare, bat JLe more money I gave him, ?fkfe'nRrinet 'WsoaSne his* resolution to hang on to me. The people in Hamas City were very good to me. They, had had time to lean, to know me and they pitied nae. 'Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, and I left City, and with it my dreadful father. I found |ymnwwtly.- nrnA in nati, and I stayed there several years. From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, on my joorney from Chicago to Kew York you net me. aowjog JcnowaU aboat me. Z do not 'think that I baTa forgotten anything of im-? portanoe/' * 44 An1 ain't yew seen yeirr father since then; ain't yew heard from him?' asked Kershaw. ' ' ' 'I know of his existence only through the newspapers,' replied Underwood- 'They periodically record his convictions. If y mother -iied shortly after my tearing Cincinnati, nnflar his brutal treatment, that Iknow also.' ' WaaJ/'exekimed Kershaw, 'if yew ain't heerd from him nor yet seed him, maybe as yeWll never hear nor see no more oi him.' 'That it not to be tipped for,' sighed the young mam 'Hire in daily dread of run ning across him in the street, of hii at my rooms, of hUpotnins here. If the alight^ chance UjriTsrtun me or yoiL he will {ttbeafpoip lite * l«eieb, and it woold be easiarto ofjlfvjimpim than of him.1'.; ' twHfl itihAetEmd o' man afore to-dlf,' aaid rue frontiersman quietly, '?an' they nary onoe got the beat ov me yet.' ' Ah,' replied the yoozig man bitterly, 'it is easy for you to cay that. Xot one of the acoondrels whom ynu have come across waa your own father. One cannot mete out justice to the man to whom one owes one's, life, not be soiled by bis £oilt« The taint dings, cne'e clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it _ embitfcera the drink, it' calls up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your &leep.; It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it good men's praise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long reproach. 0 Cfod !v he cried in a sodden agouy, u how can I be rid of it? Shall I ever be rid of it? I have never felt it as I do at this moment,*' The old man cast a scrutinising glance upon feim, a long qlance full of pity. 'Poor boyi' he mfitiered.' ' The«u» of the father uFodrfa)^ , .rrru- c i 0tderwo6d jumperto oil a^sudden. ' . M You Ht* /Senhaw,'* be cried. ' Yc^fceiHy ausrc not^y^o^dwaln me. Don't think mea coward. jl^osotgat^Snrope to ran away from him^Vl' gbko ^eacape^froiEi inrself. I lore your ,daa^bter.'aod I hare no ri^ht to love baci '^od knckfrs 1 harB asm fought, and Mrtesued -agaiotrt mysSt. 2 fcsve tried to be marble, an j fee the result. I ?am bnt human, after all. Pitr me, by having no pit_p on tee. There is no har^n done yet. 1j-z me go before it is too late ' In hislieated -exeitement he walked tLp and d--wn the room like eome frightened, caged ?creataee, tgniMiMajipfiii lii nbn He M^C§Fn»E4' lowed them greedily one after the other, as if thereby he were able to cool the fever of his emotion. ''Sit down tfcar,' aaid the millionaire softly, pointing to an armchair, 11 and led me bide this over. Whea they/je bui -ctym\ sign, . f ew'se got to stand to yewr nflee an' be ready. But that ain't no reaaou for ruunin' away an* leavin' all yewr peltry behind. Yew've got that thar father o j-ewrn, an' yew.cayn't get rid of him noi^aWrjQPs it^aln t^ ^lowvd to smother him. Tetrve got to take kear that he don't harm yew, nor those that like yew, that's all. It's all well, an' fine, aa' easy for yew to run away an' go to Yewrttp ; bat what am I to do with my Angel, who'll cry her eye. out wnen yew re gone^anq wno U pine and wither, she's an obstinate critter when she aets her heart on a thing. No, my boy, yew've got to be a man, an' yew've got to b ear yewr load like a man, an' not sit down under it, an' yew've got to do it foe the sake of the geQ that lovtaJ yew, an' she's worth it, I can assure yew.' ' But ? ' acclaimed Underwood. ' Thar MiiCt no but^ iaterrtrnted the old pioneer. - 'Xln the Mwgfat road, the honest, road, the broad road that Ijes afore yaw, thar ain't no byewaysj an' Fthar ain't no tamin's. Thar may se rooks an* V- udders an' big stones all along, b*|t g4t£tosait on yewr hoss an' jest to tide ovar W It ain't no use a-snaatin'ewayas if yew was the guilty one. Hold yewr head straight np, young man, cos yew've got the light to hold it up, in mite of yewr father, an' if so be as anybody challenge* yew, yew say, ' Oo aa* ask Daa{l Kftr&h;*w lor my character,' an' I guess Daa*l Kershaw's party well known from the Matte to the .Canadian, en' from the Bookies to the Atlantic; an' if they cms to me an' say a&ythin;' agin yew, they'll soon find out the truth.' ' I don't meat this, Mr. Eershaw,' said Underwood, ia a voice broken by his amotion. ' I wish I oould feel myself more personally daserving-of-ifc.- Heticre uw,~yoar -oanjjUWs love, your own friennnhip, are prioeLass in my eves. It is just because lvalue then so rarely tnat I tremble to stay.' ' Oome now,' exclaimed Daniel Kershaw, *' ttiatfs better. I guess that's heap butter. Tew let me think tliit business over. But the thing yew've got to dots to go an'^ell yewr people that yew ain'tgouf to yew#nj^an* yew «an start with me as May secretary aa £oou as yew like. Aa'aiwditeV, 3Bot a sylablH ih'M to my Angel,^»jwor^'!«i*eivrhri|ko«^unta I whafe fjpi to be done. AngnHea wm sitting in the dining-room, wrong for A* reealt of her father's interview wm Hubert Underwood. A trifle more moSoiu lyBpi tksBoa the previoaB dr.y, ana a iimaAe ynflg, — the tiny fingers twitched a little more 1 eaayomly, and wrung the gauzy cambric hand- 1 torctuef in rapidly tnmalons agitation. Once or twice her rocking-chair cams very nft&r; ovht- J halaacing itself, so erratic were the young lady's impulsive movements, and to forgetful was aba cf herown safety amidst her heart's tumultuous 1 doubting promptings. She jumped up with a glad cry when she heard the door open upstairs, an*! Daniel Kershaw's heavy footsteps on the landing. ' Where is Mr. Underwood ?' she inquired eageriy, when fits saw that the old man was alooa. _ . VBe is gone out by the front door, my mpliiL' anafrered thj pioneer, patting her head, ' lui'ae wahta yew io excuse Mm.' 'Eicuse him?' she repeated, in a dismayed wonderment. ''Excuse him? Tell me, daddie dear,' she burst out convulsively, ' it he going away P*' ' Thar now, dry y.wr eyes,' he replied Soothingly, ' he ain't a-goin' away, not a little Intheam't. This won't doat all, yew know. I cayn't have my Angel a cryin', an' aJosing1 her roses, llr. Undarwood not only aiirt a-goin' away, but he's goin' to bemysecre t^^i^y^^b&able; jto aeehim^vgy day.^ tjrto^Jlmd het arms '?round Ids neck, IB BHd lunuttt ^e ;1udK)y Tiews l-e had igidta Sfew tjjnufas afterwards Isl jEhe ' iorrbw they had brewed for her and the dreadful anticipations that had affrighted her, over the imaginary woes and joys of the heroine of the latest noveL Daniel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of the dining-room, looking ont into the street. He was not an imaginative man, and bad been accustomed to deal with hard matter of fact in a hard matter-of-fact way all his life. Beady resource, prompt decision, and swift action had been and were his chief characteristics, yet the present emergency brought a strange indecision in its way. For tbe first time in hss life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he was angry with himself for being puzzled. I A conflict of thoughts and memories surged in his mind, and threatened to interfere with hh tiahitnal determination. Be looked upon the Bbset| and tbe UttWjliirowds of passers-by, list Iew|y, liiulHWlaBfc when, on the opposite | hj^piie^aimm^yhoia^er . Helni an oldmaB/atallm&n;, bent, with hmadatoafcing shouldeis. 'Eie gait was shifty, ! he tamed his ey-s towards of am ashenpale. A great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a naariv viUainous look. He eyes, bright and weccug, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct, be mouth was hard, with square set jowl, and yet it waa a face which might have been handsome years ago, before manliness was stamped oat of it, aad ferocity and brutality had writ their mark there. His hair was sparse and white, and a small scrubby white beard fringed his cheeks. His clothing, though notabaolutily in rags, was of the coarsest, 'and an nnkhmpt, uuthaven appearance added to the genera! i-epulsiveness. As Diuiel Kershaw's et es rested on the man's face, an indistinct remembrance dashed upon him aud gripped his mind. ' I've seed that man afore,' he said to him self, and strove to obtain a better look. The man had siank on, however, and was turniug his back. A little further down the av^uue ha crossed tbe road, and was lost to sight. ?? Whar have I seed that man afore V' Daniel Kerab&iFkept; asking hhnaelt all that, morning. ' I'm sure I've seed that face '»for».'' if \fhatevef work he was engaged upon, whathechejsrere writing, or reading, orrest ingi. or amftking, ^that, pale, «nsh^n ..face thrust itself between nim and his thoughts. It followed him when he went upatain to hia own room, and it was with him as he sat down to luncheon. So pie-occupied was he. and so moodily ab stracted, that Angelica imagined him to be ailing, and was profuse in her questioning, aad in her pretty solicitude. After luncheon he eat himself down by the .window again, and the picture of that face sBasheA across hia mind, ba not as he had seen ^t that morning.. The. while hair waa nearly dark, the face brown and robust, but even more scowling aad more villainous than as he had last seen it. ' I've got it,' he cried. ' I gueas I've got it. I was sure I Icoowed it. It's Hike Turner — Cheeeeface lEke— HelUire's 3 oe'e pardner CHAPTER Vt— Ou the Fsowl. Sleep waa a stranger to Daniel Kjarshaw*s couch that night. He kept tossing and rolling from-oae uncomfortable position to the othor, sow too hot, then too aad, first determinedly dosing liis eyes end rowing he would see nor dream, then opening them wide tutfl staring at the ceiling in the dim light of tie shaded night-lamp. Gradually- his unrest passed away, ana although winged slumber came not to him, his pulsation became more even, aad bis mind less trouUoas in its activity. ' Thar wo« ony eight men an' one woman, beside myself, that knoired it,' he said to nimaelf , an' now thar'a Mike Turner, HeOfire Joe's pardncc, aa I'd forgotten. Thar woa little Hoss Hairy — some thievin Blackfeet wiped him out, nised his bair at Two Buttes Creek. ThtE thar wos Hednail Jock — lie's gone too. He died in the Staked Plain. An' Bill Cletlaod too — the Yellow Jack carried him off at Vera Cruz.' MsgtinTWinkftead want toCali forny, an' gotshotat 'Friaoo. Bob Allan aa'. P*t Bransgan got killed in thewar. Poor old Both haa goneonder tfaew ten yean. That's ony two more alive: Butternut Sam — he's keepin' a imnche at Fort Sea ton ; an' Eli Wat kins — he's made his pile, an* is losfia* about Palestine, aa' Boosha, an' Switzerland, an' a lot more ungodly places. An' Eli aa' Sam I they're both staunch an* true, aa' 1M trust *em | with my life any day. Bnt ICiks — he looks i harder than ever ; he looks as if he'd cat your throat for a dollar. ' I guess though,' he continued, ' hell find me a tough card. I settled his pardner, an' I'll settle nim if he runs athwart me, or my Angel.' With the recital of the list of his quondam companions, and the recapitulation of the events pertaining to the career of each, his power of salm reasoning returned in all its former vigour. The problem of Hubert Under wood's troubles was perplexing enough in its way, and now that villainousTⅇ of Hell fire Joe's partner added '^Ib mite lo the difficulty. Early morning came before the frontiersman could'find rest in sleep, having discovered apian which would enable him to do what was right, and avoid all trouble to his darling. When Hubert Underwood came to work as usual the next morning, he found both Daniel Kaahasr opd Miss Angelica in the library. ' Fm a manias cayn*t bear b6»tai'' 6.t-out fhe bush,' said the millionaire, ' an' when I've got to do a thinsr, I like to do it an' no bones about it. I'm a-goin' to speak plainly to yew both — to yew, my Angel, an' to yew, young ! man, Oome, sit down heear right by my tide, both of yew.' ifiabert aeaied himself in a hot trepidation. ;Tlu» old jn»n spoke pleasantly. There was mooing to* be feared : nothing bat :his own heart. 'I gross yWre toBi veiy fond o' on* anothec. That's the way Onr -pat it in the story books a« -a gtessal ruie,~*»n t itf Waal, I've bin readin' etoriea, too— stories that's true an* stories th^t isn't, an' I' re heerd Jt said, aa' 1 guess I know, that many a time two young people take their oath that they love one another, an' believe it too, believe it hard ; bat when they come to live with one another, they quarrel aif'^bt^ike cat* en', dog?, an' it t mostly the woman's heart that's hratrm fast, i tfiii Angelrthrew ??? hef . fans round her &fther;*s neck, and ^heetliiet -soft -hand over bis mouth. 'I shall not listen, yon dear, silly, old daddie,' die exclaimed brightly, ' if you will ?say such awful things. I shouldn't have come if I had thought that we were about to'listen to a sermon.' He disengaged hiouelf gently. 'Ah, my Angel,' he aaid softly, 'it's a sermon aa yew ougtttoJitfea to, an' keep firm in yewr mind, an* remember always. I don't intend to play euchre or biag with yewr young life an' happiness, an' I'll tek bar that yew shan't do it yewraelf, if yew've got the right bowse, an' the left bower, an' as many trumps as yew like, not even then.' She nestled closer to him anxiously. 'Tell me, don't keep me waiting, daddie dear,' die breathed. 'Ifs a-comin', my dsrling,' he replied, ' an' sure. I've tamed things over, an' slept over 'em, an' havin' slept over 'em, I've got things straight an'.clear, an* I'll tell yew both what I'm goin' to do. Mr. Underwood waa goin' to Yewrup. Yewrcp is a nice country, ain't it, Mr. Underwood!' *? ' It is very pleasant, I believe,' answered the journalist. 'Lota of pcofla go there for pleasure. I was going there on business.' ' I guess as it's a country worth sesin',' the pioneer went on, ' an' it won't do no harm to my Angel nor to me to see it, an* I propose I tmtmy- Aagelnn'ntyself-'wego 4o Yuwiup » to London, an* to Constantinople, an' to Jeeroosalem, an' to Paris, an* to Ireland, an' to lot more places, an' that we stay thar a year I or so, we'll say, an' that yew, Mr. Underwood, yew come with us as my guest and as my secretary at the same time, cos I'll want some body to do my wrifin* for me, yew know. An' so Tew an' my Angel 11 be together every day, an yew*ll git to know one another better than yew do now,*an* each other's good points, aa' each other's faults, an' each outer's temper, aa* if ao be as at tbe end of the year yew'rs as fond o' one another as yew are now, an' as ready to take one- another for good or for 31, foegood times or bad times, for health Of for ?irtwdis, mi ' for M'frhe trials an* misfortunes that may befall yew both — for that's it, mind yew — then I'll say to yew, 'be man an' wife, my children, an* God duu yew both.1 ' His voice faltered just a little as he csme ton close. He had promised t. give away that which he laved beat ia all tha world. Laved! How poor, bow inondets a word for tbflt Uly; untranslatable ftoeting which made life Worth living to him la her young happiness. His gloiy, his idol, at whose fed he Would gladly have expired without a regret, without a murmur, witbont a sigh, every hair of whose head he would have guarded at the price of his heart's blood. She had tinned henelf around bis being like (he deader, verdant Ivy around the sturdy oak, dosefy linked leafvto leaf, not to bo parted without hurt to other. Hia love for her had grown to be {fart of 'him, inextricable, iMop&rUHe; — a blot, a Waiu ujAra the fair open page of her young life wo old have scorched into his soul, and he had nuked his brain for devices to watch over herhappiiiess like the drag on of folklore over the iBgeiuUry hiddrn gold. H aigel loved this toave, handsome, young feller to.whom both he and she were indebted for the rescue of their lives. It was but natural and in the fit order of things that she would love him. It waa the right ordaining of a just and kind providence. But/neverthelees^hefelt that in pnais&Kr;'to allow another to %$iu» that which be nid moaT dear, he had UH^himaeB impMU^Iwll his Angel lots hinr aa she abw did sAenho: husband waa there to claim lierlliiiMi^MtleBf What fltecra'tay; hidden fmStoSKV^ Bnt he was (aCParMf or the sacrifice, and thoui^i his voice nigh failed him as he proposed it, he had never fro calmer than when he had got it over. ' You're a darling, wise daddie,' cried Kiss Angel iu her new-bean happiness, 'and you always know what is best.' She ceaaed the flow of her gladness when she saw that Underwood sat there mutely, un decidedly. ' Bat,' die exclaimed with dignity, ' perhaps Mr. Underwood ? '? 'Pray don't misjudge me, Miss Kershaw,' interrupted the young journalist. 'If I fail in momentaty warmth for this great joy which is promised me, it is not because I nodevate | its value. Such blessings do art oome to men and leave them even-tempered. I hope, Mr. Kershaw, ^ou have well weighed onr conver sation yesterday.' :4 'Full an' well, my boy,' answered the old man 'It'll take me about a month to git :things|iito tSiape, ao that I can leave them aafe in other hands. Aseoonas that a done we're off to Yewrup. KpwXm goin* to leaas yew. Yew .can settle all thath neoeasary abdut the imntiajina. en* flin iTnmi aa* the ostSt, sea* all | thereat' of it between yew, i as yaw Ks.'* I pjweiradin &8ngBjMi'g pUuSw0fiin*tod ipptM&ttionof; fl^pf ti»Jiighflstcfgei^73-a tatmng y^CTtotgo scythe mi^fet peHttps cot ~«horfc career of his terrible father* Who knew? Aiy moment might taing a happy tdease. U Angelica Sershaw and be got tn^xoed in Europe, they were ridi enough .to live there until such time aa a return of his bogev was no longer to be dreaded. Daniel Kerakaw was right, and the young man felt ever so grateful to him for having proved that he had been wrong. When they were alone, when for the first time they could unburden their hearts to one another without restraint, without fear of misunder standing ; when they could unaffrightedly bafik i in the sunshine of their mutual happiness, brim ful of the joy of to-day, of their glowing hope. ' of the future ; when they could Bit quitecSose to ' one another and deep di&agbtsof; glad; j peaee in one another** eyes, and could vow. : 1 hand in hand, e&(di to the other that they would I never, never change, nor in this world, nor in all eternity; they forgot all about the arrange ments for the proposed journey, and neither of them as much as cast a thought upon %uch very mundane matters as steamer tickets, frocks, ana like necessities. . No happier young man Iired that day in Manhattan City than Hubert Underwood, as as he sat in the tram-car that Was tfrking him to the office ot his paperfroira tcwr.-^Heraglited at tJnion Square, the slightly oscillating move ment ^becoming tedicus to him, ^ walked swiftly along Broadway, giad to expand his chest and to move his limbs, aa a safety-valve for his buoyant excitement. The long walk from Union Square to City Hall Park seemed bnt & dozen yards, so un conscious was he of the distance traversed. He was swinging along blithely across the Park towards oe Spruce street «atrwe, not far from which the office of hid p^per was situated, when be jostled against awiiite haired^ white-faced old man, with a short, scrubby aspect, who elbowed him aside roughly, with a curse. The young man was far too happy, however, to be irritated by trifles. He did not bestow so much as a glance npon the old man, witose equilibrium he had unconsciously dashed out of balance, and walked on with quick step until hs reached his office. Not bo the old the same eld who had on die previous dar thrust his face between Daniel Kershaw and ms epntent. When-- the old ruffian had delivered fass^xat£Ling volley of jpaths, he stood stock stiU, with his ^bright jnerang eye^ etanng, andhis wicked half -tooth- . ' Mother o* MoBee.*' he cried to 41 It is. It ain*t — it cayn't be— but Vm demed sure it is. Jumpin' Isaac ! what a find ! An* me without a dime, an* nary a coat to my back. I mustn't lose sight of htm— not this time, I guess — never no more. How t2ie young scoundrel has growed 1 Td swear to him, though.' He dashed after the young journalist with much swifter energy than his decnfiid, shrunken limbs woula have warranted, dodg ing in and out hutweou vehicles, keeping close to the buildings, and never for a moment allow* ing the young man to get more than ten yards ahead of him. When he saw young Underwood enter the , offioe of the £Feat journal, he gave a long whistle, and dived into the entrance of a ware* I house nearly opposite. i 'Let meeee,' he muttered. 'What was | the young good-for-nothen's name when I i last notched him in Kfinimff city ? I guess I shall be forgettin* my own name next. It wos Underwood. That's what it .woa. Hazy^ maiden name. I've got to commooniket with Mr. Underwood. That's what I've got to do, I reckon. I've got to let him git awear as his fond an* lovin' father is olive an* kickin* — kickin* demed h\rd if it's got to be, I gueea.M The cellar beneath the warehouse, In the entranoe of which Mr. Michael Turner— for it was he, of course — had found a temporary refuge, was occupied by a liquor and luncheon bar of inviting and prosperous appearance. Mr, Michael Turner, after carefully recon noitring the suiTOundingbouses and those oppo site, and assuring bimsdlf that the doorway where young Underwood had disappeared was the principal entrance leading to the editorial department, descended into tbe xegions below, .where .an elegant, weB -stocked bar made vigorous and tempting appeals to his strong i appetite for food ud dxink, an appetite which, 1 nevertheless, had— for the moment at least -to | be sternly repressed* . ' | The rotund, and 'ruddy -faced Hibernian bar keeper did not relish his customer's unkempt . and unwashed appearance. ** To the dirii wid yez, and get ont o* this ' plaice,*' he cried. ' Shure an' it isnt the loikes 1 o* yee that wants cocktails and gin -slings. Take I yer ugly faice out o* moi bar or Oi*ll make it Turner was not at all affrighted or ] nSronted by this welcome, but grinned calmer at tbe irate son of Erin, standing with legs apart and arms Akimbo. I 'Is it the pepper-box yvw've awallered, Pat P' he asked jeeringly, ' or is ft,thep4tro leum can as yew cayn*t digest, ax? as is bustin' ? Yew'll be spUin' yewr complexion, yew will, if yew excite yewiself eo indecent.' ' If ye don't get out o* moi bar,' exclaimed the bar-tender, preparing to jump over the obstacle that separated him from his' unwel come customer 'Oi*U chuck ye out.' . { ' Yew Iteep that rertater trap b^yewrn dint. Yewr front teeth want filin' down, Ait,' xe tottefl t2ie returned convict with an irritating qmel' ** I gnftah it ain't a. crime to aak a civU question, en' if yew wos half a man, let alone a decent Irishman, yew wouldn't insult a poor man that comes to aak it, jest becos he's poor.' The apoesl to his national characteristic of generosity partially appeased the barman's anger. 1 ' Ask yer question then,' he cried, ' an' let I me see the back o* yer bead when ye've asked it.' ' Lord, I guessed as yew wasn't half as . snacky as yew made yewnielf out to be,' con tinued Mr. Michael Turner. ' I ony wanted to know, if so be as yew would tell me, if Mr. I Hubert Underwood is a-fisquentin' this bar?' ' Mr. Underwood!' sneered the barman. ' Yat's Mr. Underwoodloike to do wid a iail faice loike yez ! Fair, an' vat should Oi be answerin' such a question for F' ' Mr. Uuderwdod is a pertcekler friend o' mine.** drawled Turner — ' a very old friend, an' if he knowed as yew saesed me he'd be i annoyed— very annoyed.' The meatioh of the young journalist's same, ' however - unauthorised it aeeme-L ' threw a measure of oil upon the troubled wafera. ' Mr. Underwood does come here,' replied j the bar-keeper doggedly, ' an' now ye can wait ; for him at the doore.'1 ' Thank yew kindly for yewr grate polite ness an' civiiity,*' responded the old with a burlesque bow. He had kept a lynx-like 'watchnpimthe entranee uppuslte, Had Uddek 1 gaining time to form a plan, ho had assured himself by independent testimony that tbe person he had followed waa really Hubert Underwood. While he was still watching and seeking for ^ phrases wherewith to continue bis wordy warfare, the young man of letters reappeared I at the entrance opposite, and his fond parent flew up tbe short flight of steps as if he had | been shot from a bow. Hubert walked with his usual* briskness to the corner of William street. After following that street be rapidly turned the corner of I Fulton street, the mi convict ia full pursuit all the while. The pavement was thronged, aad ! the street Ml of 'Vebides. At the corner of Kaseau street misfortune would have it that a couple of big vans laden with eases barred his way, and before the old maa ceold pass this obstacle, the eon had -entered the great throbbing fain of Broadway oiA wo* last to sight. I The old vilaiBj ia hi* age being thus baffled, wt himself duwa ta a small bate of dry goods that was' lying in th. entrance of a warehouse, coning and swearing with such fury that he was peremptorily «ntare& away by a clerk. When he hesitated to obey that summons, he met with more energetic treat - \- ment than the bar-tender had meted out to him. An iron fi-t gripped him by -the collar of his coat and flung_tom with contumely intp the gutter, wheratSily by a mercy of pro videnes he escaped beingCTin over and crushed V-y passing conveyances. % gathered hiaBelf togeUtaC scowling and threatening, antTifiank away, bruised, muddy, and sore. There was no help for it. He was foQed for the moment, «nd be would have to play the waiting game. He would have to be humble, very humble ; hs would have to play the part of a poor, unfortunate petitioner for alms, if need be; bnt he would find Mr. Hubert Underwood, and Saving found t he would fasten on him never si tit of acain Uultfwicydown, * (aftHnftut aad provision ; mnn^mitwas standing**: flutentrance of his stare. Gtod lulusaM 4ubd all over his adispse Sace,ujuul Turner per jjjpd at aag|&T;§ ha waa likely to meet with eenuna^r. He looked piteously at the Teuton. ' Would yew be so very, very kind, sir,' he whispered in his softest aad most mellow tone, 'as to give a pocr man as ain't got a cent a sheet of paper an' an envelope to write to his oay son as doesn't know as his father has jest come out o' hospital, aud is still very, very sick.' The fat German looked the old rascal up and down dubiously. 'Come iu,' he said, with a broad grin. 'I guess you msn old boot you steals tirviflinR here.' With that ne led r. xurner o a little high desk and stool, aud placed a sheet of paper and envelope, and pen and ink before him, crossing his arms whilst fhe white-headed rnffian, wif£ the most woe-begone face imaginable, sat down and ecribUedlttj nOte. When the epistle wfislmtten and theeWrelope dosed and addressed, the did aooundrd turned est his pocket as if pearddng^lte coine that ouebtto have been stiwedawaythsre. . 'Qh, yon knows /on n$t cot . aoddma dare,' lacghed taeMorufoa matebant, 'undif I gin you dwandy-fi£g«eat« yon buv viskey. Here is dwendy-fife seats, yoa go and buy viskey.' [ The doubly lucky rascal weid away with profun expressions of.gralitude, calling upon ttthead of his benefsSmrall tbeblesdng of a ^??videnoe that b^d MSa* eo uakiad to him. Merer had so small a earn as ttre*ty-five cents reaped more fervent ftwy* and goo'd wishes. Mr. T-'-ier fiett that he was on the high road tofo' ? - vj'j . with his quarter of a dollar in 1 his ; - and his epistle in hii hand, he entere J the office of a big journal. He was immediatelv accosted and stopped by . a clerk . ' Tour business r'J was tbe graff de&snd.; Hie remembered that hambleness was his best tesouree, and bent his neck to the rod. 44 Would yew please be so kind aa to tell me if Mr. Underwood is in the office, an' if I can , see him ?*' he aekeda i( Mr. Underwood aint in, and yon c uiidnt see him if he were,' was the ahzupt and de rive reply. M Gould I iea?e this note for him, if yew please r*' he continued crjigingly. ' You can leave the. note for h:m aid go,'* waa the answer he obtained. /' I guess I'vo lost a day/' he mu 'tared to himself cs he stepped into the stz£jt again, au' I've got to keep my eyes ddnned bow, day an'ingfat. When he^f get away fn.^n me agin I gaess be'Ii be clever— ttiat he will,' (TO BE COSTOrUEB.) 