A Strange Chance. CHASTE ft II '(Coatiauea.y '''''_ '*I should say he had twenty thou \- sand if he had a farthing,' concluded ?Charley. , 'And he can't want this =faouse to himself. I should think he might give us five thousand a year. Its little enough, considering all must -come to Gwendoline some day. Hush ! Here he is.' Mr. Grigson's greeting was courteous without being cordial. There was a £hade of coldness in his manner as he ?took his usual seat at his writing-table, motioning Charles to a chair nearly opposite, where he would have a good view of the young man's face. ' Miss Moreton told me your wishes last night,' he said, quietly. I must ?confess I was surprised.' ' I do not think it strange that any one should love her,' said Charley, warmly, 'and we have been thrown together since we were children. I hope you will not be hard on us, Mr. ^Origson, for bur attachment is of long standing.' ' It is not in my power to be hard -on you, Mr. Lester, even if I wished to be,' replied Isaac Grigson. ' Were I Miss Moreton's father, instead of simply her mother's husband, my ? authority over her would now be at an ??^end. After yesterday Gwendoline is her own mistress in the eyes of the law.' \- But I am sure she would never think of acting against your wishes.' . 'I don't know. Young people rarely see things as their elders do. However, I passed my word to Gwen doline last night that I would not oppose your wishes, and, therefore, I am willing to consent to your en gagement' That was all. Not a word did he say of his future intentions. Of course, all the world knew Gwendoline would be his heirsss ; but he was only sixty ? seven, and if they waited for his death U- provide them with an income, their -engagement was likely to be a long one. Charles Lester fidgeted umcomfortably -in his chair. He thought it very dis agreeable of Mr. Grigson to be so reticent. He could hardly say— ' How much will you give us to marry on V And yet he really wanted to know. * I am not a rich man,' he began at lost, when the pause had become of almost painful length, 'but I don't think Gwen is ambitious and — ' Here he stopped abruptly, and Mr. Moreton helped him out. ' I don't think she is, either. She lias something of her own, you know. I settled a thousand pounds on her before I married her mother. The interest of it will be enough to keep her in frocks and bonnets. I don't think she is fit to cope with poverty, bat I shall be content if she begins on ?? ??? moderate income— say, four hundred -=? year.1 It was the very sum the general -allowed Charley for his private purse. Did Mr. Grigson know this, and had he artfully named the amount, so that '?'Owen might be convinced, if her lover draw back, it was not that he could not meet her father's terms, but that -lie would not} 'I could not think of dragging 'Gwendoline into povery,' said Charles, promptly. 'Four hundred a year 'would be misery to a girl accustomed 'to every luxury and comfort.' ' I don't know what will please you,' 'retorted Mr. Grigson. ? If I had told I.you the child should not begin house keeping under a thousand, I expect ?ijoa would have thought me hard hearted. What is it you want, Mr. Lester r ' I thought, being your sole heiress, you would naturally make Gwendoline -an allowance suitable to her future (position.' ' Ah ! now we are coming to it. In plain English you expect me to pay .you so much a year to marry my step daughter.' ' If you choose to put it so coarsely 1 can't help it it, sir. Anyone knows ? » wife with Muw Moreton's tastes can't be maintained for. nothing.' ' And pray, Mr. Lester, supposing I had allowed Miss Moreton two or ' three thousand a year, what would be jour contribution to the family in I come 1 Would you propose to provide for yourself ?' ? My fath^illows'me fbutfnuiiaredJ a..year,'said Charles, -sullenly. ? ? . ' Just so ; but the general is in bad health ; and . when he dies he can't give you a shilling, eh ?' ' I think you are treating me dis gracefully, sir,' remonstrated Cherles. ' First you, say you consent to my mar riage with Miss Moreton, then you taunt ine with my poverty.' ' I never reproached auy man with poverty yet,' said Isaac Grigson, gravely. ' Let us understand each other. If you like to marry Gwendo line on your present income of four hundred a year I will consent. I will take steps to secure the same income to you after your father's- death,. and every sum you earn by your own ex ertions I will present you with double its. amount. If you care for Gwendo line you won't find these very hard terms, I think.' He rang the bell and gave an order to the servant. It must have con cerned Miss Moreton, for in another moment she appeared. Mr. Grigson took her hand and kept it in his while he spoke to her. ? My dear, when this gentleman pro posed to marry you did he also tell you how he proposed to keep you f ? I thought we need not be married for ages,' said Gwen, simply. 'And Charley is so clever he is- sure to get on in a few years. His future will . make him famous, and we are so young we can afford to wait.' ? You are cruel, my dearest !' pleaded her lover. ' If you knew the miseries of a long aud hopeless engagement you would not seek to inflict them on me.' ? Listen, Gwendoline,' said her step father, quietly. 'I have consented to your marriage, and promised Mr. Lester that when my old friend the general dies I will continue the allow ance he now makes his son. I have also reminded him you possess, of your own, enough for dress and pocket money, and I have offered, whatever sum he earns in a year by his own exertion, to double it as a gift.' 'That is generous,' said Gwen. 1 Why, if you only made two hundred, Charley, that would bring our income up to a thousand.' Charley looked ferocious. 'I know the value of money far better than a child like you,' he said, bitterly, 'and I will not drag you down to poverty.' How if the critics damned my pictures and I earned nothing 1 We should be left to starve on eight pounds a week. No, Gwen doliue, I am wiser than that. Since Mr. Grigson sees fit to impose such cruel terms there is nothing for us but to part.' She lookeJ at him gravely. The Moreton blood ran in her veins and a goodly share of the Moreton pride. 'I think I understand,' she said, slowly. 'You thought I was an heiress ; you intended to marry Mr. Grigson's money, not his daughter.' ' Gwen, have I deserved this f ' Yes. I would have waited years for you,' she said, bitterly, ' I would even have braved poverty with you, and all the while you were thinking only of money and of how much I should bring you.' ' I am not romantic,' retorted Charley. 'One foolish marriage is enough in our family ; my brother has made an idiot of himself — I am wise enough not to follow his example.' Perhaps Gwen remembered her slighting mention of Bernard Lester, and her contempt for his 'little house at Brixton,' spoken only the night before? perhaps she wan only silent because the shock of discovering her lover's real character was too great for words. It was only after a long, long pause that she spoke, and then she addressed herself to her stepfather. ' I understand now,' she- said, warmly, ' what you meant last night. I owe you much, more thhn fifty years of happiness, but I never owed you so much as now, when you have- saved me from becoming the prey of a for tune-hunter.' Without a look or word to Charley she had left the room. Mr. Grigson smiled to his unwelcoraed goest, ' I think this interview had better end,1 he said, simply. 'I have- only one more thing to say— I shall not speak of this morning's scene unless you do. I should advice yoa to* keep silence on the subject, for it will not increase your popularity if it is known yoVjflted t tKSl IfisbT BREtieffllf &*«$&'* - JbccausDshe..wAs.nDt.jich.,.enough,.lo keepjouin, idleness.! ,;..-,. .Perhaps Mr. Lester took this advice to heart, perhaps, be confided his story to his parents, and they endorsed the squire's view, for the story of his wooing never became public. To the rector and his wife Mr' Grigson told the, main facts pf the case. He was very fond of the Hendersons ; they had l»een his wifVs ' dearest friends, and he trusted them both entirely — indeed, the rector was Gwendoline's guardian under the will made after her mother's death. .' I mean to niter my will,' the squire said, about a month after the birthday fete. 'Now the child is a woman grown there are two or three things T should like changed, and I don't believe in codicils. I never did. I should like you to be one executor, rector, and my lawyer, Mr. Nairn, the other. General Lester's down in the present will, but from all I hear, poor fellow ! he is not likely to see me out.' ' I am afraid it is only a question of months,' replied. Mr. Henderson ; ' it will make a terrible difference in Charley's prospects when his father dies. I wish he had some profession.' ' I've no patience with Charley Lester,' grunted Mr. Grigson, 'and I don't want to talk of him. My Gwen has looked like a shadow ever since I showed her his true colours. I tell you what, Mr. Henderson, as soon as this business about the will is settled I shall take her abroad. She has never been out of England, and I think a winter in Italy would give her something fresh to think about.' 'He is quite right,' said Mrs. Henderson, when the squire was gone. * 'Gwen looks a mere little white ghost. I always wish Mr. Grigson had let things take their chance. There is no harm in Charley Lester, and he was really fond of Gwen in his own way.1 ' A very selfish way, I fear. No, Kate, I would rather the child hurl a heartache now than that he whole life was spoilt. Gwendolina has the makings of a noble woman in her, but she is quite clever enough soon to have discovered what Charley was for her self, and if the discovery had come after the marriage) I believe she would have left him.' * * * * It was two or three days later that Mr. Henderson, returning from a round of parish calls, met Doctor Arnold, the sole physician of the neighbourhood, driving in the direc tion of the Manor House. He pulled up abruptly, made his groom alight, and signed to the clergyman to take the vacant place at the side. ' They will want you as much as me,' he said, gavely ; ' there's been an accident to the squire's phaeton. The mare ran away, broke one shaft, and turned the whole thing topsy-turvy. Gwendoline and her father were picked up senseless and carried home. Happily the accident was almost at their own gates.' ' And when V ' An hour ago. I was at the other end of Moreton. SimmondB declared he had sent in three directions for me. He went on to Mrs. Henderson, and you will find her there before us.' Even so. When they entered the Manor House, bis wife came to meet the rector with a great shadow on her kindly face. ' I am afraid it is very serious. We cannot get Gwen to open her eyes, and the squire has come to aud iR groaning terribly. They went to him first, doctor and clergyman, and one glance told nt the first there was no hope. ' I've got my summons/ said the old man, feebly. ' How is the child f 'She is still unconscious. Squire, have you any message for her f . 'Tell her I loved her always — I am going to her mother.' And before they could answer him, he was- with the wife he so dearly loved, and Dr. Arnold was free to de vote all his- skJB to Gwendoline. ! ; There were those who asked them selves after that terrible iinj whether it would) not have been happier for the girl had' Heaven taken her too: But the doctor had no such fancies. ;H^ and! Mlra. Henderson watched ty ;?_ ?? ? ' '...;;;....' i . Gwendoline until their efforts suc ceeded, and the wandering spirit re tnpofd tojtpjprisod home. 'No serious injury, but a ^terribie^ shock to the nervous syspm? waFEhe doctor's prirate'verdictj-aloud he tried to comforlivjGwen wforH*heHlpss they could not keep from her. -. .--. 'Papa!' . , .. ,': ?' He was her first thought; the tears ran down Mrs. 'Henderisoh's cheeks, and Dr. Arnold's own voice faltered, as he:said— - : 'He aent you his dear love. We were to tell you he loved you always. You were his last thought, Gw«, before— he went to your, mother.' 1 Dead !'. nvirmured the girl, faintly. ' Dead— wli'.i.mt one word of good-bye ! Oh, papa— p;ipa !' She broke, into a flood of passionate weeping, and Dr. Arnold told Mrs. Henderson afterwards those tears saved her. a serious illness. It was only *yhea he had left Gwendoline in his Wife's care tind gone home to the rectory that the kind-hearted clergy man was seized with a hew anxiety. What about Mr. Grigson's will ? It was only three days since the old gentleman expressed his intention of destroyingi t and making a new one. That he had not had time to do the latter Mr. Henderson was quite sure ; but if, intending to do so, he hod really made away with his original testament, why, then Gwendoline Moreton's future would be clouded by another trouble — poverty — since though the child of his dead wife and his daughter by affection, she was yet no blood relative to the old man. Try as he would John Henderson could not turn his thoughts from this question. Ho knew from Isaac Grig son's own lips that he had quarrelled with his own family before he came to Moreton. He had never been heard to mention one of his kindred by name, and yet, if he had indeed destroyed his will, these unkuown relatives would come in for everything, and beautiful, petted Gwendoline hare nothing in the world but the thousand pounds he had settled on her more than fifteen years ago CHAPTER III. Is Fulham, though of late years the builders' trade lias been busy, there linger yet a few of the old-fashioned houses of bygone days — houses planned before ground became of such enor mous value, and which, if lacking many modern conveniences, can yet boast of a garden large enough to make them the envy of nil flower lovers in the district. Such a house was Mulberry Cottage. When George Iloss bought it, more than thirty years before, the neigh bourhood was quite rural. No rail way came near it, and the only mode of reaching the City watt by the time honored white omnibuses, which plied to aud fro between the City and Putney-bridge. Mr. Ross got the pro perty (freehold) very cheaply, perhaps because the rooms were low and rather dark, and though there were plenty of these, in point of number, not one would have been large enough for a dinner party or an ' at borne.' For tunately, Mr. Ross did not wish to give either ; he was a careful, plodding man, and he brought home his young wife to Mulberry Cottage, happy in the thought that he had secured her a country home within five miles of the City. She died within the year, and the grave man was nearly heart-broken. He refused the offer of his wife's brother to adopt the child, declaring his boy woe his only comfort; and perhaps feeling that, having estranged the only rich relation. iSftfe David pos sessed, it behoved him to do something to assure the boy's future, and Mul berry Cottage being all the property he possessed, he transferred it to the trustees to hold in charge for his1 son, together, with the three thousand pounds his wife had brought him as a wedding portion. ' The bouse will be worth something by the time David grows up/ he said, shrewdly, to the. lawyer who arranged this business ; ' and if I die before he is old enough to get his own living he ought to be able to make his' way with the interest of his money.' \ ; ' ',' ' It . is . always the unforeseen that happans. Mr. Ross did.' not die, 'but before the njourning band on !his :bat,. was worn but he ' married again' a pretty, ^6im^^i-m0^^M from Ibis- dear Mary as^u^b^l?^^ imagined. ? '? .:'. '?'-' !'^Cv.^:i*.:;'Sfc45jiii;* : ; -' ?The second Mr& 'B^ffifjfffil^JfflL- :? :' tionate to David, treating 'WWxw,;^?1',;^ grave boy. ': ?????- ? ? ''V ',V'_^^; ',%?'????, and when 'he , was fi^^^^J^ELT - great Wow, Jell fa ^WtrfPf^W* #}A for, Mr. Boss , died, wid it was^- ,; ,.:. covered ' that When; his; QfWm* ;H funefal expenses . .wfiBr^aid, tnfi1?: ; would' remain for the i 'Widow and '.per fjeven tliildien exactly «b*$J!g£ ^ V / a- year. ' -. ,~. r ' ' '' ?? , ;£~. ? '? -; : ? ? David :.wis{ inn bank;] a^^ning threeiiundredji year. Mrs. Rosjpjatt only Wo sons, 'birth were clerlj&Cptn; not quite enough to keep thems^es. The five girls were 'all depeudentMwi th'e'ir mother, . and $re£ pi ,? , 0} em,' Jp^ tojbe educated. ; , ,-,..,? ? JC^ !.£]? ' Tr;«,I(shall sell'.|hisv.pliice' and teke-fc lodging-house in iondon ?with'ai» money it Wings,? said Mrs, JEtoss. . And then she had to learn that Mulberry Cottage was not hers, never had been hers, arid that '»b« . WW» neither sell it nor let it. .: , . / . David was very good to her. He~ offered to 'live with her and pay for his board, and allow her the free use of Mulberry Cottage and two hundred a year besides, until she could tttttt herself round. And though Mr. Rojb had been dead six years the arrange ment still went oni and the 'turning round' process had yet to be acoojn plished. i.n Perhaps it was David's own fault; he was so sensative he could hot bear to remind his stepmother that, she w*s living on him ; could not bear to sug gest that at least four of the girls were of an age to work for themselves. ^ ' Their own brothers married as soon as they could afford it, and set up homes of their own. . : £? David stayed on Mulberry Cottage. Although his income was now otfer five hundred a year, his allowance J» Mrs. Ross and the cost of his board took half, the remainder was more than his half-brothers managed to marry on; but David had fastidious notions and did not like the thought of dragging, a wife into poverty — be- sides, though he. had turned thirty, he bad never seen the girl he should care to marry. ? ?'?'' Mrs. Ross regarded him as a^con firmed bachelor. She was a wise, woman in her way, and she took *£&& care that he should have no excuse for leaving her root ?' ' S: ? His comfort was studied in all re spects. He hod two of the nicest rooms in the house for his own use, and when ne chanced to bring hom^a. friend the latter was very warmly welcomed. *' But he was not happy. He worked hard and studied deeply ; he won re epcted by all who knew him ; he; bad no trouble that he could not put into words, only his life felt an empty, un satisfactory sort of thing, and he was conscious dimly that his youth was slipping by him without him getting much out of it. Mrs. Ross and her girls were no companions to him. There was no one to. sympathise with his inner thoughts and deeper feelings. He' wanted an object in life and could not find one. - ? It was a bright October morning, and he sat over his breakfast rather more silent than usual, while Mrs. Ross poured into his irresponsive eat* the news that her boy William's wife, hnd another baby. The postman's knock interrupted her recital, and the neat maid brought in a single letter, which she handed to tier master. 'A black edge!' almost shrieked Mrs. Ross. 'Oh! David, be quick and open it. Perhaps something has happened to one of the lwys.' -^ ' They would have written to you m that case/ said David; but he ^as too good natured too keep her in sus pense, and hurriedly broke the seal. He was so silent as he ran 'his eye* ddwn the letter that Mrs. Rpss^ felt all her fears revive. ...'.!. ' David/ she said reproachfully,' ? I wbii'ia rathe-know the 'wowfc Wfofelfc of them is dead T {To be continued;) :;v« ? ? ? ? '? . ??-. '? ?- yr .;?).! .*?** vi;\:4 ??. ? ? '??(? . r ..,??. ? ?? ..?,r.'.V,Y--i»,, Vhvj..'.-- ? '? ? '... ?? ? ',.- -??''; il Jtr.--li.---V^-Ai-v:v». ? ?' ?-, ,'??.-? '=; MT'Tr-WITT J3 S3'- '« ' ?'.-.' 