HOUSE OF KIMMON. A STORY OF TUB " BLACK COUNTRY SOUTH «T« TO)TFFMHTHR CHAPTER LIX.—THE PAXKB OP FBEEDOIC. Br JEANIE gWYNNE BETTANY, Author of AXJSS SASCXX'B TWO LEGACIKS," BIO. Affaff her mother's death and burial, Madeline returned to lb. Sattring's without any resistance on her father's part. It was agreed between bar uncle and herself that she should not pert suddenly from those who had befriended ha in her sore need. Moreover, they determined not to be precipitate in letting the events which had occurred become known to their relatives, for Mr. Rockingham well knew Stat nothing short of the most dexterous action vroold ^hsue for his niece any recognition by than. Besides the Saltrings, only one family was admitted into confidence, namely, the Towers ; and that came about this way. Mr. Rockingham had resolved to make inquiries as to the places Pelbois had visited when £e had come to Langton; and fortune BO far favoured him that it was of Jody Waddy he chanoedto inquire first. Early in the morning after his return from Manchester, he looked first on the church steps for Jody, who was indeed there, smoking his little dirty pipe. He touched his hat as the clergyman approached, and then waited for Mr. Boddngham to address him. " It's not worth swearing about, Jody, put in the clergyman. " Its a plain question, and requires only a plain answer." " Have you Been a strange, foreign-looking gentleman about here anywhere ?" Mr. Rockcngbamasked. " An* if I haven't," responded Jody, solemnly looking upwards, "may the Lord " "Well, then," resumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was quite zeady to give fbe plain answer required, but that he pert took the word in a wrong sense, " he wor darnedest tongue " " That isn't quite what I meant,** explained ]b. BwUnjiimfii, « Do you happen to know whom he came to see P" " It might ha' beat me," replied Jodv, Irtmfcrng las duggf bead," by the way as he «Mtwfi' toy friend,' when he ought to ha' knowed, too, as rd rather be friends with a polecat, or my missis yonder, than 'im. I've sever "been well u' ne wor bete, and Pm feaxedas hewi&ed; me ilL" _ ** WeU,/*Bll," said Mr. Bockmgham,grcnrh^^^^^ts Fdbd^'sB^B a place langton a foreigner was BO rare a visitor. " What was he like F" 4 4 1 don't kaow,** answered Jody. I couldn't Siade to look at 'im. He looked black enough, I know that; an'he pulled a hat over his face, he did, an' he asked me to ehow *im the way to Doctor Towers's, an' then had the face to grumble at the road. An*, O Lord, don't I wish! had the burying of 'im; he wor the sggravatmest ferriner " Jody, to his utter surprise, found himself left at this point by the clergyman. He looked after him as he disappeared down the road, with a fixed eye of disapproval. " Oh!" he exclaimed, " I thought he wanted to know about it, but it's like 'em all—they all leave me to talk to the ghosteses. I ain't sure ghoBteses ain't better to talk to ; they don't snap a man's nose off in a-answerin' of 'em, tte ghosteses don't. Old Betty might, but she ain't a right and proper ghost, to my mind, an' die couldn't walk for a good while afore she died, BO I don't suppose *er ghost can walk:" And the old mnn tilled his dirt? pipe again. It was a habit of his to haul about a spade, as another MAN TTI^TM have done a stack, as a mark of office. He had got his spade now. He only knew one song, and that was appropriate to his office; and between his puffs he it now, though he hadn't the faintest notion of keeping in tune, and had considerably mutilated the words, in years of repetition. Xhe refrain he liked best was— " I've buried 'em deep, and my duty I've done; and one line, referring to the numbers the gravedigger of the song had buned, always brought to his face an individual fsmirk. Once in eingingtbis song at the Bull's Head, when a little the worse for drink, he had remarked to cms of his companions—no, not companions, for he had none—but to one of those seated beside the same fiie with himself at that time, «* If there'd only come a pestilence, as they talk of in the an' I could 'ave the 'Smryin.' of 'em, I believe I wouldn't mind dyin* at tie end of it myself. When I know as I've buried more than any other sexton, my duty Pll have done.*' Wy, Rockingham was far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides had carried him to the mnmr house, inhabited by the doctor and bis Doctor Towers had always had friendly feeling for Mr- Rockingham, because hfi bad never taken advantage of his priesthood to inquire into private affairs, eo he was always •Seteome whenhe cilled. . \- TThe tfaiy Billing room waft •empix' When Mr. Xiockiiigham entered it, and sat down <m one of the chintz-covered chain, and looked down the street through the Bmall window. The doctor was just starting out on his first lonnd, bat he came at once to Mr. Bocking- " You are just going oat, I fair," he began. ** aad wbat I have come ahout cannot be put IB a tin<rfi*in- Had I not better walk with yon.?" "<If you don't mind,'* said the doctor, "I should be very glad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to see early. There's a good deal of sickness about." The clergyman took his bat and put it on, as the sigh that he was ready, and he and the out of the door, and had soon left the straggling village behind. "I bope yon will not think," began the elergyinan, with some diffidence, "that what Z am going to say is ""J"" interference with -your affairs. It you will have the patience to bear me, you will see that at any rate l am y ijmmly fyppKr-nfrp/) as any one can be in the which I am going to speak, and my onlymotzvB is to liberate yon, if possible, from what mnst be, if my surmises are correct, a snoet latter bond. A man who has caused me trouble my life has known is, I £nd, also connected with your house." The factor's great chest heaved, and his pinclng eyes caught all the expression of tiie ^"^SStTname of yotuMmar-ied sister is the Mmeasiimtof the manl jhave alluded to. I liavelx&csd; the man to your house." i doctor's face becamevecy pale. , lyon tell ttein the same friendly spirit "I Xiad^ if that iman ever protected to did • marry hoc,** replied the. doctor, " Then," said the clergyman., I am, indeed, & messenger of good to you." " How can yon be ?" " Hie Is not your sister's husband. 1 " " Explain yourself.'' " He married my aster before that data." The doctor stood still in the road. The clergyman HIBQ stopped. The two men looked at each other, a new meaning in each face. What a bond there is In a common sorrow! That interchanged look made these two men Strange, passing strange!" said Towers. " How can I rejoice in your presence r I feel as if you had taken my place in a prison-cell. AH the rest is small," he added, thinking of his Bister," compared with her bearing his name and hong his wife. That he had betrayed, tuinedjher, aeems nothing to it. At least she is still mine, and need never trouble herself about fahn again." " How you must have suffered," responded the clergyman sadly, "to hare learnt your lesson so well' I too ha ve had to leam that the case is less wretched when a beloved one is rf»«wi*aii and rained by a bad man, than when he has the right to call her his property, and bid her go and oome, and none are able to help or forbid. Wben I saw Pelbara he told me he had been somewhere after money. Have you indeed been paying him to leave to you what was not his to claim r" " That is the whole story." " Then it is over, and I have been a messenger of good after all." " You have indeed; you have removed the shadow that covered onr house. Death removed one; yon have removed the other. IX things like tnis happen to me, I Bhall believe there is a God of mercy after all." The clergyman did not begin, as some very young curates would have done, to attempt to prove to this man ol' science the existence of a God of mercy. Mr. Bockingham confined his preaching to the pulpit; moreover, he was far-sighted enough to see that Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he had given one little glance np- 3 5 • ''" \- with tears. doctoreaid, "You have been so very kind to me, and made yourself so close a friend by what you have done, that it cannot be wrong in me to aek you if your aster is beyond the reach of that man." " She is beyond the reach of that man, beyond the reach of evervone. Man conli not free her, so God did it;" and he added, as if determined to be thoroughly frank with this man, whom he had respected all along, and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering— " My sister had a daughter. She is with me. So God has not left me entirely desolate." The doctor looked inquiringly. " Tou must guess it already. Madeline is my niece, but I do not wish it to be known at present. I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer injustice at their hands. She must not go to them or be known to them unless in her rightful position." "Pride is a hard dictator at times." remarked Dr. Towers, with a sigh. " That is true," replied the vicar, " and my family I have found as hard as ever, even when I took my poor darling's remains to their resting-place in the family vault. But I have a plan in my head that shall right Madeline, and until then she shall remain at Mrs. Saltrine's as before, which she is very willing to do.*' More might have been said, but the doctor's time was of importance, and they were at the gate of the house he was to visit first. Dr. Towers was BO light hearted when he entered his patient's room, so very chatty, that the very sight of him produced a good effect; and when he had left that house and was once mote in a country lane, he found jiimwalf unwontedly singing. Then when at Iaat he was at liberty to return home to bis usual early dinner, he made some purchases of special dainties in the village, out of their reach hitherto, sent them on before him to herald the approach of better fortune. Miss Towers took in the basket herself whp it arrived, and called her sister's attention to it. " What can be the meaning of his spending all this money?" said Madame Pelbois, as we shall continue to call her. " These things must be so expensive. It's BO early in the season." " I t«U you what it is," said Amy, putting her thin hands together tightly," We are somehow in luck." "Very much BO, indeed," said Dr. Towers, coming upon them. " We shall be hereafter as other people, peaceful and unmolested. Isn't that something?" The two poor ladies looked almost scared. What could they think ? Hie took each by an arm and led them into the little sitting-room, and closed the door. "Girls," he eaid, "I declare for the fiat time this room doee seem to be horribly small : and inconvenient." j TTi« Asters dazed not speak. They were almost afraid of this mood of his. Vie doctor waa only amused by the fear in their faces, and tantalisingly went on, holding bad news as it were high above their heads. "What do you say to the gabled white house. Amy?" "The gabled white house! Mr. Bichardson's house?" "Not Mr. Richardsone now," said the doctor, his face smiling all over. "Don't you think it would suit ua P" *' Why do you talk of Buch things,'' answered Louisa deprecatingly, " when you know they are quite out of our reach?' " Out of our reach they were," replied the doctor, "so long as other people spent our money for us; but not so if our income were our own. We have never been short of income, but others have spent it for us; that has been it, and that is all ended." "Heis dead!" exclaimed Madame Pelbois with a gasp. "Then he is dead !"* " Dead to you, my Louisa, for ever and ever." said the doctor, taking her face, so thin and careworn, between his two large hands. "He is dead to you. He is to you as if he had never t lived. Tou have had a bad dream, that is aH. None of it has ever been," he went on, looking with glowing eyes at the pale face he held. " We must all believe that." " Tell us what you have heard, at once," insisted Amy. " You have heard something; tell us the meaning of it all." " My love," said the doctor," there is nothing to tell but this. Louie is your own, very own sister, just as if she had never gone away ; no one else has any right over her. There is no more to tell than that. Hie has been a villain to yon, Louie; but it is all over. He has no right over you; he never had. He dare not trouble us again. He was a married man at thp very tim" " He did not finish his Ben tence, and it was not needed. It was all understood now. Perhaps the doctor would not have looked so disappointed when T^mm. showed no tign of pleasure had he weighed more carefully the difference between'his position and hers. He had looked for a wild outburst of joy from both his sisters at the news he had communicated, and itr was received in dead eilence. Hie doctor had not made allowance enough for the physical and mental degeneration which comes BO often to women who sit at home and suffer, while the happier men go forth to work. They had not the power left in them to suddenly rejoice at anything, but they had that innate fr»Miii suspicion that oome of such experience, and could not allow their minds to trust that they bad at last rare giuuad bontrafh their feet When the doctor saw the cold and apa/ thetic way in which they received the news, his heart sank into a depression for the finw bong as deep as that which had been his for years until that moi In his depression he began to ask hi whether the news he had heard was true, whether he had been too hasty; whether, in fact, their trouble was over; and he felt that nothing could remove this torture of mind bat some positive proof. So with a kind of prophetic impulse, he Baid to his Bisters, "You dont realise it. I will fetchyou proof;" and went out. As he spoke the words they was echoed back to him as if some one else had spoken than; and a great courage welled np witiiin him. He was not going to seek proof; he was going to fetch it; and naturally enough his feet took him into the vicarage. He was not long there; and when he came out with, if anything, a more buoyant look on his face than hie had worn in the morning, onr worthy sexton accosted him with— " Bis a fever broke out. Doctor Towers ?" "Not that I know of," answered the doctor, not wishing to be interrupted. "O lard," said Jody, disconsolately, "I thought there wor; you look so jolly glad. ^nil he added, explanatorily, " other folk's trouble's yours and my Meson*, ain't it, doctor ? Folks die so we can live, dont they?" "I dont get my living by tailing people,** responded the doctor snappishly, and walked on, with Ms hand pressed against his sid e, where his pocket was, as if he had a pain in it. He banged open bis door, to the serious damage of the lock. But what of that ? He would not be there long, he knew. He found the letters where he had left them. " K yon want proof," he said, " look here. Jtt Iras a bona-Jide copy of a marriage eartificab " It*B tnuyLouiaa.*' said Amy. "Yon were never married to him at afl;" and she began to mydisgraoe? Ifffamaothis wife^whS^un 11 A disgraced being, fit only to creep to a jo corner, r, and hide, hide. and die." • Why should you die, because you have been deceived replied her brother. " After all, is not anything better than to know yourself the property of that man?" "At the cost of being no longer am honest woman," rejoined Louisa, with bitter irony. " I am to have my freedom from him at that price. 7 ' "Look here," eaid the doctor, striking the table with his heavy fist till it shook. "Let me hear none of that society cant about honest women. Is society your God to judge you ? I believe," he went on, with an energy that caused the little room to vibrate, " ihat all this world's judgments will be reversed in another. There can be no disgrace where there is no sin." " But I live in the world, and what will the world call me when they get to know ?" " Can it matter what the world cells you, when it called the greatest and purest being that ever lived, blasphemer ? Hold np your head, and do not fear. Give the lie to any word, by your look. Integrity is stronger than slander, and silent truth invulnerable against busy lies. I promise you, you shall have no tine to dwBll on this; you shall be up and doing. I mean to take the white house I spoke of; not to leave you in it all day when I'm away, though. I shall do what Mr. Saltring long ago recommended; I shall have a carriage, and you shall go out with me; and you can't think about everything all at onoe." Louisa only looked more melancholy at all this, said to cheer her. She would have to leam like a child how not to be miserable; and it threatened to be as hard a lesson as any she had ever bad to learn. The doctor, however, was sanguine. Nothing seemed to check the sudden Sow of his spirits once he had had the proof. And before long the white houBe scheme was carried into execution, much to the general satisfaction of the Langtonians, who looked upon the doctor as their properly, and his respectability as in pome way or other reflected upon t-KBZUB Si!*"? \- , iSytiriBflfl kn some work she was doing, "I can't be quite happy, for Rupert looks so sad. I thought at least we should be happy to-day, when tomorrow we are to be married." " You cannot expect him to look happy, my dear, until it is all over. It is afterwards you may hope to make him happy, and then you must not expect everything to happen in a day." *' I wouldn't BO much mind, if I could feel sure it would come right afterwards." "Nobody can know the future," Mrs. Beredith replied; " it is well they can't. You'll be all right, so long as you do not demand too much of a man who has had his experience. He can't help growing to love you, Lucy. I am sure he was beginning to love you before he saw Keziah. if yon are always kind and gentle, and willing to let him be gloomy and silent and never look gloomy and silent yourself because of it, I will answer for it, it will be as happy a marriage as anyone could desire." And the good lady thought in her own mind, audit may be forgiven her. that Lucy was, after all, so much more lovable and more suit- able to be Dr. Elworthy's wife Keziah. " You see, my dear," she went on, " you will go right away from England, and be s( new things. There will be nothing to rei him of England and trouble; and enjoying things together is sure to prove a great tie." Lucy smiled, though not very happily. But what if," she said, with hesitation, " it should all prove wrong afterwards : What can we do then r" Mrs. Beredith held up her white fat hands deprecatingly. "Those are only morbid fancies," she said, "foolish, morbid fancies. When I married your father, I wondered whether we should get on, and all that sort of thing, and what could happen if we did not. But we got on all right, and were the best of friends, though it wasn't exactly a love match.' And her eyelids trembled a little, and her ample bosom heaved. "But, you see, papa had never loved anybody but you." " But I had loved some one eke," replied her mother; and seeing Lucy's astonished look, she gathered her apron up, with her work in it, and abruptly changed the subject. "We'll see if Eliza has finished those things, so that we can fasten up that box, at any rate. You had better come up and have them tried on; or else you may find some difficulty when you get away. Yon won't bid your buttons come off; I've sewn U em on. But if anything should come undone, don't forget thatthepittle sandalwood box in the corner of the tin trunk has got every Uiing for mending in it. When I went away with your poor pa-pa to Scotland, I never got to the bottom of one of my boxes; and part of a flounce came off a puce dress I had, quite a favourite of your poor papa's; and we. oorildn't sat any silk, to match it, to mend it with, and I was so vexed that none had been pat into my box. And whan I came bud: and the boxes were unpacked, there was plenty of that nlk at the bottom of one; so my advice to you is, unpack your boxes when yon get away, and see what you've got. But you won't have much trouble, because the odds and ends are not spread about as mine were, and all the mending things are together in the sandal box; and other little boxes have each a label on them, eo you can know what's in by looking outnde. When I went away I was alwayB unwrapping or undoing the wrong thiqg, and you sna'n't have aay of that trouble. But oome now, leave what you are doing, and we'll see if the bodices fit. Dear, dear," she said, in going upstairs, " I hope Miss Richards won't be long before sending those dresses; you'll have to go without them if she's much longer; for I'm quite determined no box shall be left to be closed to-morrow morning. None of my boxes were closed the night before, when I went away, and everybody was in such a dreadful flurry on the morniag that they didn't get half fastened up: and when we got to Carlisle, they just threw my boxes out of the van on to the platform—those porters are so careless—and one was quite open when I came up to it, and it was so full that your poor papa and two porters had to sit on it to get it to shut again, and all the people laughed; and then it wouldn't lock, because the lock was broken; and your poor papa had to give five shillings to a porter to get some cord of his own and do it up. Oh, the way your poor papa threw about the money! "Rupert won't do that, They were now standing in Lucy's room, which was in a pretty disorder. Not a chair, not a table, but held its treasure of beautiful garments made for this important event. There were far more than could have been necessary; but as a child has never too many dresses for its doll, so the mother can never get enough dresses for her daughter who is going to be married. Look, Lucy," said Mrs. Beredith, dropping on her knees in front of one of the open boxes ; " all the linen is together in ttiis box. I think it much better that yon should have all of one land of thing together. Mine was sadly mixed up when I went away." She took no notice that Lucy did not reply to anything she was saying. It was bat natural that the child should be quiet. There could be nothing remarkable in that. The bodices were next fitted, and proving satisfactory, took their place in one of the boxes. .Who is that coming upstairs ?" said Lucy, when she was pu ting on her dress again. " How can IJ/eHl, my dear?" replied Mrs. Beredith. " But how scared yon look! You shouldn't allow yourself to get so nervous." Mrs. Beredith might have admonished herself on the same subject a momeatlater, for she nttered a wild cry. In the doorway stood KPTMI, with a face so white, eyes so unnaturally dark, and a manner so agitated, that anyone might have been forgiven for being frightened at sight of her. Lucy trembled like an aspen. Keziah stared at them both like an animal at bay; then at all the preparations. Her wild eyes took in everything. With a sudden movement she placed herself before Lucy, and was clutching her at arm's length. "Lucy," die said, "you cannot do it. You must not do it. You due not do it I" Lucy had Buch a terrified look in her face that her mother interposed. " Keziah," she said, " it is not kind, it is not generous of you to come like this." "It is, it is," cried Keziah, looking wildly into Lucy's face, and not at all at Mrs. Beredith. " I know what it is, Lucy. You have no right to do It.*' " Keziah,*' uid Mrs. Beredith, pitilessly, " I mnst beg you toleave my child." "Oh, no, no, no," cried Keziah, "I will never let her go, I mil never leave her, till she has promised never to commit this sin against me. Lucy, he is not yours, he is mine, mine," shs cxied, flinging np her arms, " you know he Is mine. God knows he is mine.*' Lacy opened her pale lips, and a TWOS spoke from between than, that "»'>hf»r of the otben would have reoognised. -It was at g«i>>< die was laokiipg, bat to hec mother she spoke. "She is quite right," die said. " I thought it oould never oome to pass." And then her form Bwayed, uid she would have fallen on the floor, but for Keziah ; she was quite senseless in her ay yon over came to this house. Ana die fall to cbafi^, performing all the other offices usual on such occasions. LOOT'S eyes opened, and they fell on a white satin drees that hung on a sheet-covered chair. Her brow was contracted painfully, and she eaid with great effort, "Take them all out of my sight, mamma. Never let me see one of them again, as you love me." Mrs. Beredith groaned, and looking fixedly at Keziah, who was holding to a bed-post, she began to rain abuse upon her. " Look what yon have done, and perhaps your cruel heart wifl be satisfied. Oh, 1 would not be you for all tie world, to have made so many people miserable as you have. Wherever you have been you have brought sorrow, and all of your own dtoosing and willing. If were you, Keziah, I would go to the uttermost parts of the earth and hide myself. You are a very heartless, wicked gill." Keaah'e great eyes etaned at Mrs. Beredith, like those of a child who is beaten, it knows not what for. Her fans was rigid, and one little hand was so tightly Bhut by her side that the mark of every ns^L.was left in the pink palm. She loosed her hold of the bedstead, and moved her hands desolately and helplessly before her. "What can I say? What can I do r" Baid poor Keziah. " Nobody will believe any good of me, I know. Perhaps," she added, bursting into a passionate flood of tears, "if I had had a home like Lin's, and a different bringing np altogether, I shouldn't have done all I have. But it's no matter. Oh," die cried, in a heartbroken tone, "if I had never wanted to do what was right at all, I might have beetn happier, everything has always gone contrary with me; I will give op trying. Oh, I hope no one will ever like me at all any mote; then I shan't make them miserable. Oh, God," she exclaimed with a sudden energy, "I wish I had never been born; it wasn't worth while." Anyone who could have seen her at that moment would have pitied her —except Mrs. Beredith; and how could she be expected to do so, with her own child lying ' isolate upon her breast, undone by Keziah ? " You were always so headstrong," cried Mrs. Beredith, xgnghly. " You ^rould never ? Yoft &m;*t know, don't know, Mrs. Beredith,'what it is to be obliged, whether you like it or not, to judge and act for yourself when you are ever, ever so young, and to have no one care what you do because they like you; it makes you headstrong." " I am sure you had a chance when you came here," said Mrs. Beredith, unbendingly. "I know it," replied Keziah, humbly. "But I couldn't change my nature all in a minute. Ah," she said, a bitter smile passing over a white face, " those things that are hammered in hard stick fast, and if you pull them ont the mark is left. I don't know," she continued, *' why I was made with BO many corners, and with so much wish not to have any. It doesn't go together, not at all." " You could always talk," rejoined Mrs. Beredith, " and wisely enough, no doubt. But all your acts have been foolish, all of them.'* " It is quite true," said Keziah, with an evident over-willingness to own herself in the wrong. " I have come here now to try and undo some of it." " A nice way to undo it," retorted Mrs. Beredith, hotly. " You come to seek for yourself, and to make my child desolate—she who loved him all along, better, much better, than you did. How did she treat you ? You are proud. You have often said so. Yon don't like it to be said that he threw you ofi, and married another. " Do you think," broke out Keziah, hotly, in her turn, " that that is what I have come for ? Do you think I would have come at all, had I believed he would have been happy with her, or die with him t" " He would have loved her if he had married her," said Mrs. Beredith, caressing the white face that lay upon her bosom : " when he was bound to her, and it was his duty to think of no other." Oh, Mrs. Beredith," cried Keziah, with a face that spoke of experience, " duty and possibility are so far apart sometimes. Love does not come after marriage that has not been there before." " You know nothing about it," said Mrs. Beredith, "nothingatalL" " Perhaps I know more than most," rejoined Keziah," about that." " I suppose Dr. El worthy knows nothing, then," replied Mrs. Beredith, indignantly. "He was neither blind nor mad when he proposed to my daughter." " Yes," answered Keziah, in a soft voice, and very sadly, " he was both blind and mad. I have trodden this dark path. I could not let him tread it too. He is my husband before God; no one has aright to take him from me. Lucy," she said, suddenly, kneeliag down by her side, " can you forgive me " Oh, don't," eaid Mrs.' Beredith, as if the cooldnotbeartehaarii. i .. . " Let me Idssyou before_I go; I may never e you again," begged Kwaah, in an enticing tone, so faDjot pathos, few could have resisted it. " You will kiss meP' she repeated. The girl turned her face nearer to her mother, away from Kurfah, and moaned: " Some day, perhaps ; I cannot now." Keziah looked once more at the mother. It was of no use to aak any mark of reconciliation from her, so she left the room and gently closed the door behind her. CHAPTER LXL—BEST AT LAST. About 7 o'clock the same evening Mrs. Beredith's front-door bell rang, and Dr. Elworthy was announced. Mrs. Beredith sent down a message that she was unable to see him. This he interpreted in a sense far from the true one. It was, after all, not to be wondered at, on the evening before she was to lose her daughter. But he wrote upon a card, " I most earnestly beg that you will see me." He expected thai; on receipt of this she would forthwith make her appearance, Harried, perhaps, and peevish, from bung forced against her wilL But it was some little time before she came. Her eyes were red and swollen. Elworthy at once noted this, and attributed it to the prospective loss of her child. She just looked once at the doctor, and saw that something was wrong with him too. She, who had eeen bi'm through his worst times of trouble, could not recollect a single occasion when he had looked so ill and wretched as he did now. She almost softened towards him for a moment. " How ill you look !" she said. " Mrs. Beredith," he began, advancing towards her with his chin upon his breast, " I am come to prove myself a villain. But you must forgive me, for you will be the gainer." He instantly peroeived she did not understand him. He would have to speak more plainly. " I who ought to be happy, am perhaps of all men most miserable. In the eleventh hour I oome, as I have said, like a villian, to beg for my release." Mrs. Beredith had one shock, but she bad not expected this to follow it. < So you have seen her!" was her reply, in a biting tone. " Seen her!" cried Elworthy, throwing back the hair from bis brow with a desperate im- &tience.; " No, I have not. I may never see E er -again. But I cannot eo wrong your daughter as to bind her to me, when with my whole being I love another woman to distraction." " You might at least have found all this out before," exclaimed Mrs. Beredith, shaking from head to "foot. "I deserve all yoa can say to me,*' he answered. "But, believe me, 1 have tried to do it. I have tried not to break faith, but it was not in hnman nature. You have seen my migiiiali and my temptation, my hopeless misery for love of that woman, which is as strong to-day as ever it was. Can you not pity me, a very little perhaps, but still pity me ? And perhaps make Lucy know some time how I thanked her in my heart for her goodwill towards me, and respected her, and would die at this moment oould I undo the sorrow I have caused to her and to others V " Mrs. Beredith turned her head, and cast down her eyes, while shs moved one foot up and down the carpet. " Shs will not talk about dying," rejoined MTB. Meredith at last; " she will do it. Oh, why could you not have let us alone when we were happy, when the poor child had taught herself not to think of you? It was very, very cruel of you. She has not deserved it of you.'' •< No, die has not deserved it," said Elworthy, compassionately. " I have called myself a villain. If yon knew a worse epithet, I would use it now. Mrs. Beredith, hear me, try and hear me. God is «ny witness that I have tried to fulfil my word to Lucy. That is why I appear in eo much worse a light in coming at the eleventh hour to break faith with her." At the words " break faith with her," Hire. Beredith froze again. "You might have -ed yourself the trouble^ Dr. Elworthy," rsaid ; ** Lucy would not have married you. There is a tetter on its way to your house now to Cell yoa BO." And then she made half a movement, as if to end the interview. He looked at lier with an accumulated lnmr*"«"*"* in bis face, as if this thing were quite beyond his compn&enaioii.; " Lucyis 01," went on the lady. " I mnst bagliuCtyoa will leave me, that I may go to her," Hw heart smote Mm at these words. "She has seoi my trouble," he| .thought, "land has released me voluntarily." ' " How shall I speak i" he said. " How ehall I express my gratitude to her for her noble act in releasing me of her own accord t Next to her, who is indeed a part of my very bang, Lucy Beredith ranks among women. Some day, along time hence, perhaps, I may be able to tell her so." " Do not mistake the situation, Dr. Elworthy," said the mother, with a terrible effortevident in her manner. " It is other woman who has done it, and not my poor child It is Keziah Hackbit who has been here.' His heart at these words £bsat BO violently he could hear it. He thought Mrs. Beredith must hear it too. He cried in a frenzied tone, hysterical laughter breaking from him with these words, ' She has been here ! She I O my love, my love !" He quite forgot he was standing in the presence of the mother of the other girl who loved him, and whom he was forsaking. His cheeks, that had grown so sunken and pale, were flushed with excitement. Wild laughter again and again broke from Mm, and then the tears, hot and large, rapidly chased each other down his cheeks, and he repeated again and again : " She came here! She did JOhJmy brave girl, my own Keziah All this was more than Mrs. Beredith could bear. She fled from the room, and he did not seem to notice that he was alone. When he did perceive it, however, it was the work of a moment to take his hat, which he had put down on the table, and to rush from the place in an ecstacy of uncontrollable joy. He understood what such an act meant. Keziah He sped along the streets by instinct rather than anything else, till he reached his own house. He entered the surgery, where Gerald Hjurwyn was an entry in a book. Elworthy in two strides crossed the surgery to where Gerald Haxwynwas standing at the desk, and Boring his hands, the one with the pen as well as the other, knocked over the ink without noticing it in the least, and shook Gerald's hands until his coat sleeves were performing the ofiu» of blotting, paper in the pool npoa the book. "t ' ^ " Gerald, my boy, congratulate me! The * happy ever after' time of the story has come. A deuced long time it's been coming." " I congratulate you," said Gerald, in bis own mind fearing bis poor friend had ost his wits. But tell me what for." " Can you ask V Yoa, a man of your intelligence, can ask such a thing r There is bnt one * happy ever after' to my story." " Well, well," said Gerald, not understanding. " If you'll stop mopping up that ink with my coat sleeves, and sit down and tell me all about it, I shall be better able to judjre how much right you have to congratulations." " c be'sbeen to her V' said Elworthy, laughing bo's ^rously. " She's been to her," repeated Gerald, checking the words off on his fingers. " Who has been to whom ? Hang it, man, be a little more explicit." "Keziah, of course," replied Elworthy. She's been to Lucy and put it all right. I couldn't stand it any longer; so, after I had seen the last patient, I went round there to beg Lucy to free me. You know I should have sinned against her if I had married her." 'Hang it if I can understand what you have to rejoice so much about!" said Gerald, hotly. " It's very heartless of you, and very selfish, to be thinking so much of yourself, when you have made that sweet girl so miserable. It was a dastardly trick of you." " I was'mad when I did it, you know I was, Gerald; but I pray Lucy may forgive me." "Some kinds of madness ought to be punishable, I think," said Gerald, applying blotting paper to his sleeves and the page of the book. " I think I have been punished for every evei kind of punishable madness, then,** returned Elworthy. iwortny, Gerald went on grimly mopping up the ink. Why didn't you do as I told you, and tell her at once, and not let her go on till the very day before the wedding, and then break ofi with her. It iB a sneaking tnck." "I know it is. Go ahead, old man. Pitch into me as much as you like. Nothing could make me miserable, now I know she loves me enough to have done that." "Has die been there to-dayf inauired Gerald. "Yes, to-day. I wonder if she has left Leamington," he added, consulting his watch. " Of course they have." " Well, there's another train yet. The train I am going by. They may not have gone." " Why, there's a horse coming round," said Gerald. " Why, it's yours, and a boy bringing " Oh," exclaimed Elworthy, with a burst of joyous laughter,«' I left it fastened to the Berediths' pailings." " I wish to goodness you hadn't knocked this ink over. I don't know for my life now whether it's June or July or August these cases are do *n for." " They'll let yoa know when the time comes,' said Elworthy. " Anyhow, I'm off." And he took his hat again, and went to the railway station. The train for Manchester was waiting, but not ready to Btart. He ran the length or the train. Snugly ensconced in a first-class carriage, sat Keziah, and by her side was her uncle David, comforting her. Elworthy did not speak to her. He rushed and got his ticket, then quietly stepped into the carriage as the train was moving off; and taking her little hands in his, spoke not one word; but they looked into each other's eyes, and were at rest. Poor David, who was always being startled in one way or another, stared out of the window and blew his nose, with astonishing persistency considering he had not a cold. CHAPTER LXTL—WINK AS THE POLES Ascndeb. As Keziah particularly wished that her happy wedding should take place from the same house which had witnessed her ill-fated anion to Hackbit, and as Mr. Bimman eagerly welcomed any plan which allowed of his showing his newlyacquired furniture to a festive party, Dr. Elworthy was persuaded to appear at jumley in the character of a bridegroom. But we should not dwell upon any incidents connected witb this wedding, were it not that Madeline had been specially pressed to come with Mrs. Salt ring from Langton, and had yielded after much solicitation, bong quite ignorant that Rim pier resided at Mr. Rimmon's. Even Rimpleis do not know everything that concerns them; and Silas happened never to hear Miss Orme's name as one of the invited guests, and failed to learn that she had actually arrived, for he had taken up his ijaarters temporarily at the hotel. H<; undertook as large a portion as possible of the outside arrangements for thn wedding, and had even refused to sit down a ' the wedding-breakfast, that be might see tt J; everything was sent in in due order, and tnat there should be no delay with the carriages. He had, however, dropped in after Keziah went upstairs, when the carriage was standing at the door; and had drunk to Keziah in her absence. It was at this point that Madeline and Mrs. Saltring suddenly went out of the room. No one thought anything of this; at a wedding breakfast somebody not unfrequently goes out, at some stage or other, overcome; and the generalattention was drawnaway from Madeline and Mrs. Saltring's exit by the extraordinary expression of countenance Miss Dorcasput on at the entrance of Mr. Simpler. There was no mistaking- the look; it was one of mingled hatred, malice, contempt, and defiance, which only some faces can combine in one expression. Every' body saw the look, including Mr. Rimpler him self, who was clever enough to show no sign of it, but in consequence had to concentrate his attention in such a manner that be did not notice who went oat of the room. Mr. Bimpler had madeasortof programme for the entertainment of the wedding guests, at Mr. Rimmon's suggestion. After breakfast the whole party was to be driven to Aug'eton Park, the seat of Lord Jumley; and at a pretty country inn on the outskirts of this park, a dainty lunch had been ordered for '2.30. The day was a glorious one, as if to favour this scheme; and Keziah had scarcely been waved off before two carriages arrived for this expedition. To every one's surprise, and to the great annoyance of some, Madeline begged not to he one of the party. Mrs. Saltring could say nothing in explanation, though ne did her best that would content the others. The drive would do Madeline good. Madeline must come; and she, poor girl, with the face of alabaster, at length consented to go. Mr. Rimpler had made Inquiries about Madeline sinoe encountering her at the Saltrings', and had recently wormed it out of some one who knew, that she was Mr. Rockingham's niece. He could hardly have told why, but this feature in the case made him appear to himself a worse villain. It was not then on the daughter of sn ordinary music-hall singer that he bad practiced bis fraud. Such persons were used to that sort of thing, he thought. Bnt it was a lady, of noble descent, who lad been sacrificed by a direct imposition on her own good nature and on selfishness. Let it not be inferred, however, that Rimpler included any other than this one act of his life under the tktnominatian of villainy; the rest was all {airplay. Where there were fools, UieBBmnat tie knaves, be considered. It was a provision of nature which would improve the taoe, MamrOE later, by sharpening the said fools on the knave's grindstones. He . had often argued this in his own mind, as an occupation in the dark, at bis window. It is only nature, Mr. Simpler would think; everything is linked to everything else in nature. What a pest the flies would be, if it were not for the spiders to eat them up. with many other disagreeable thingB, nature provided a check to the undue multiplication of fools. Then was it bis fault that he had been chosen an instru- ^ ment to this litter end Not at all. It was a | merit rather. The human race had much to I thank him for, and those like him. He bad heard somewhere that physical qualifies, even organs, degenerated, and were ultimately lost under persistent disuse. The wits of even the wise, if not exercised to aefeat the knaves, would thus degenerate, no doubt. He was a universal benefactor. He roused fools from their apathy, and exercised the wits of the wise, and in the process considerably sharpened his own. It was not for anything of this kind that he should call himself a villain. But Madeline had not been a fool. She had been caught by reason of her own goodness and unselfishness, and had been rendered wretched. It was clear the past could not be altered by any amount of cursing and reviling. He took out his pocket-book, in which we have seen fiim make entries: and wrote upon a leaf in it, in Italian, of which language he knew Madeline to be mistress: "Be at ease. Isee you recognize me. I am loo much ashamed of myself ever to press my acquaintance upon you. I send this only that yoa may be sure that I shall treat you as a stranger on all occasions when we may chance to meet, which is the least I can do to make reparation." He had written this, and had folded it up and palmed it, when he found they were very near to the little inn; and he began to mentally gather himself together to form some quick ana undetectable plan of conveying his little note to Madeline's hand. In his usual cool fashion, he dismounted when the carriage stopped, and gracefully helped out Mrs. Saltring before Mr. Eimmon had even thought of alighting. He next gave his hand gravely to Madeline, who trembled a good deaL He appeared profoundly unconscious of this, and wore his gravest look. No. detective could have imagined, if he had looked at Mr. Pimpler's countenance, that he he have thought he was conveying something to f her hand. Madeline knew it, however; and had she not parceived by his face that he did not wish people to know they were anything but strangers, she would have been terrified. She could not let the note fall, and show there had been one; so her hand dosed upon it. Madeline moved towards the window of the room into which the party was introduced, with the slip of paper folded between her fingers, and nobody noticed her. Her back was towards everyone: and by a subtle instinct some women have, she felt she must take this opportunity of glancing at her paper. How could she guess, indeed, what grave importance might attach to her knowing its contents at once i Mr. Rimpler, who was engaged in giving directions to a w aiter nt the other end of the room, knew by her attitude that she was reading the letter. She took her purse from her pocket, and put the foMedpiper into it, just as she was joined by Maud Towers. At this juncture Miss Dorcas, feeling rather in the shade for a moment, made her way to these two, and, with an insolence some people show a mastery of, threw herself headlong into conversation by remarking that the Misses Langley's dresses (the minister's daughters, who had been bridesmaids) were a figure. " And that all comes," she added. " of their going to a cheap dressmaker, as can't fit, spoiling good stuff. If they'd have come to me, now, to make them, they should have looked fit to be ien." Neither Maud nor Madeline answered; both looked extremely uncomfortable: and Miss Dorcas was not slow to see that she had made a mistake in addressing her remarks to them. She moved off without apology, but with a great jerk; and said to her sister - in - law, quite audibly, "that of all the stuckup peacocks, that Mrs. Towers and Miss What's-her- nam e as came with Mrs. Saltring, were the tiptoppeet. Can't hear half a word without sticking up their beads and looking at yon as if they could slay you. I've no patience with proud peacocks. Mrs. Bimmon touched her eister-in-law's deeve by way of a hint that she was being overheard. " Pm not ashamed of what I say," said Miss Dorcas, who was in a bad temper, owing to Mr. Rimpler's neglect of her. "If people will be proud peacocks, they must expect to be talked about." Mr. Rimpler chanced to hear Dorcas's last remark; aud instantly judging at whom it was levelled, gave Dorcas a look which would have appalled any one else. But she was notably reckless, and would have her Sing, as she often Baid, if she died for it. With a sodden inspiration she looked Rimpler full in the face, and asked him when he had come to the throne; at which sally she was so much delighted that she laughed uproariously, attracting general attention to her. She'should have waited for Rimpler's answer. *' I've never beon in danger of coming to the throne; bat I have been in danger of being dragged against my will to a certain altar several times. That is,'* he added, as if to make his meaning quite clear, "I should have been, hid not the lady lacked all personal charm both of face and years, and manner and voice, and all the rest, having nothing in fact to drag with bnt her perseverance." -And with this he turned away. Dorcas was so overpoweringly angry, that the firet thing she thought of—a common enough thought in the Black Country, too—was the purchase of vitrol. But everybody else made an effort to pass the thing over; and though all understood who the lady referred to waa, there was not the least proof against Mr. Pompier. He had not committed himself in any way. The luncheon was a great success, and after it the party set out to walk in the park. Mr. Rimpler had noticed that Madeline was more comfortable than at first. He was glad of that; and he now did bis best to entertain Mrs. Saltring, who had fallen to his lot since they had come out. All at once, he beheld seated upon a bench a woman, with grey hair and a ragged shawl. On her arm was an old canvas bag; and Bhe looked miserable enough for anything. Mr. Rimpler for some reason could scarcely keep down his excitement. He said to Mrs. Saltring, quietly enough for all that, " We must not see a person look so wretched as that on BO gay a day;" and he fumbled in his pocket. Mrs. Saltrmg, with pleased eye.% watched him go np to the woman, and bestow his willing alms upon her. She did not hear, however, the few words Mr. Rimpler spoke to the woman, or she might have seen an altogether different meaning in his act. In that brief moment he had made an arrangement with her to meet him at the tavern they had just quitted, the next day. He then passed on, as if nothing had occurred; and everything went merrily, and everyone seemed sorry when it was time to return to Jumley. CHAPTER LXJ.I1.—COXXUBIAI. ATTENTATES. The Bojouru abroad of Mx. and Mrs. Jubal Eimmon wai considerably protiacted; and it was not until the first week in August that a Channel steamer, not too seaworthy, wag nearingNewhaven, with a precious cargo indeed. The journey had been made by night, and the sea looked as blue as the sky overhead, and the white cliffs quite dazzling in the morning sunlight. Laura, with a peevish, discontented look upon her face, for which, perhaps, we ought to have some commiseration, oince she had been suffering from sea-sickness, was »- regarding the pretty view from the deck of the steamer. Jubal, a thought thinner thsn when we last caw him, appeared to be making no effort at all to brighten the spirits of bis partner, bat puffed away at a big cigar quite spitefully. At length a small creature in a blue shawl came on deck and looked timidly about her. She was speedily followed and her arm taken by a lady who appeared to be her mother. Laura, cut of mere curiosity, watched the couple seat themselves on the side of the steamer, and then they turned their faces towards her. "Jubal," she said, giving her lord a tug, " do you see who that is ?" " No, I don't; nobody I know." " It's Lucy Beredith and her mother.'* " Can't help it if it is," replied Jubal, continuing to puff. *' At least you might take a little interest in what I say." "Other people take too much interest in what you say for me to take much.'* "I haven't the ghost of a notion what you mean," returned Laura, tossing her head. " But there are those Berediths. I wonder how it was we didn't eee them when we came on board." " I did see tliem at St. Lazare," observed Jubal, with the same ill-natured tone and look; and I saw them get into our train, and I saw them come on board." "Then why couldn't yoa tell me?' " A nice rage ycra'd get into if I were always narrating to you everybody I saw." " What a time we ave getting in, who! we axe so close to. and have -been so for ever so long, to all appearance/' remarked Laura, in answer to this. " It is a horrible steamer. Yoa ought to have looked after it better, as other gentlemen do. But no one can expect you to be a gentleman." "There's only one gentleman in the world, we know," retorted Jubal, "since Winterfold put in an appearance at Paris. And the deril tano«B how h? found us out." Fm very glad he did," said Laura, crossly pulling a thread out of her glove. " It would have been dull enough without him. X sapp,/Ee you didn't encourage him to come at _U, did yoa? You didn't want it to be thought at the hotel that your friend was the ton of a lord, did you. .Tubal V'* She alwavs called him .Tuba* wben she was cot on particularly good terms with him, wltich had baeu rather frequently of late. Are yoa going to speak to thews Tiere- .^ithsr" Jubal had asked, whtn a sudden lurch of the ship had sent him ignominious!y into a sitting posture on the eeat near his wile—he had been standing before. Laura burst into a laugh, and several other passengers, who had come on deck, were moved to smile also. Jubal's hat h&<> Sown off, and rolled with the movement of the -vessel to ths feet of the Berediths. He was very angry; more angry with. Laura than any one else, for laughing at him. He was proud of ii°r beauty, aud was as really in love with her as his nature could be: and he wished to be envied, and that the world should see that she was all bis own. It appeared to him that her careless laughing at his misfortune would suggest to the minds of all who had seen it that the young lady could not be very much in love with lier husband. . The casual observer of human nature is quick to notice and give their full value to indications of this kind. A wife—above all, a new wife, who is in love with her husband—would feel bis being Been in a ridiculous or foolish position in a sense doubly keen. But Laura seemed rather to enjoy Tubel's discomfiture as he unsteadily followed MB truant head- gear to the feet of the two ladies. TTft apologised to them as he picked his hat up and placed it on *»»» head; and when be turned he saw a young french girt, an article Jubal had purchased for his wife with his uncle David's money, in the act of receiving a spirited account of his misadventure from her mistress. This' was too much for Jubal. He took in the situation at a glance, and did not go towards his wife, but remained/ sulkily where he was; and the strip pl^igLed on through the water, and the white MdiSfe came, nearer and nearer, j § _ Jubal determined not to look after the log-, fT*"g"i' T "i"" ij ..I-I )I'..I means j of avenging him«gtf on his wife for her want ot feeling; and he became better tempered in prospect of this. One thing he .meant to look after, and one only, and that was his own bag lined with cigars, on which he meant to pay no duty. He likewise resolved to get drunk, which he knew Laura objected to, not on moral, but on artistic grounds. Jubal was an appendage of her own, and she always remembered this when he made a beast of himself, as she called it, though she appeared to have forgotten it ust now, when Jubal fell. But then, after all, t was fate that had done that, and Jubal chose to get drunk. It has been seen that Laura made no step towards speaking to the Berediths. The Berediths, nevertheless, had recognised her, and had known her well enough not to expect her to accost them. "Don't you think, mamma, that Laura is handsomer than ever?" Lucy said to her mother, with her eyes fixed on the white cliffs f ' they were every moment nearing. '*I certainly do,"' Mrs. Beredith acknowledged unwillingly. She would have ben glad haa the tuct been less evident. She was angry with Laura. *• Don't you think it strange that we should have b*eu on the same ship r" " I should have stayed for the later ship if I had known they were coming over," eaid Mrs. Beredith, rather sharply: " and if that's Keziah's brother, he's very much of her type-"* Here Mrs. Beredith was wrong. But we all jndge incorrectly of people against whom we have a preconceived opinion. Why doesn't he go to her?" remarked Lucy. " They don't appear to be on very good terms. Oh, mamma," she added, turning her wistful face away from the chalk cliffs, and towards her mother, "if I had married /'i/ji, and were returning with him in this steamer instead of you, we should have been farther apart than we are now." Tho mother sighed, and said nothing. " I see it all differently now, mamma," went on Lucy. " l know it would never have done, and I want to tell Keziah so I am sure he now thinks kindly of me. Had I married him, he would have hated me by now. And how much better to be separated from him as I am, than to have him hate me, and I be tied to him. I am sure fate was kinder to me than I knew ; and time is kind. When 1 last saw that shore. I was wishing I might never eee it again: and now I am just longing to get back and see the old home. It was very kind of Gerald Harwyii to write so often." Mrc. Beredith looked inquiringly at her daughter, as if not quite sure what this phrase meant, introduced suddenly as it was, and without apparent reason. Gerald Harwyn had. writ ten regularly to Mrs. Beredith, to make inquiries about Lucy, since they had left England, which they had done Immediately after the events we have before described; and Lucy had certainly read bis letters with evident pleasure. After all, that might be but natural. Any sympathy, if itbe reaL is acceptable in time of pain; and Mrs. Beredith had not attached mush meaning to Lucy's gratification. The steamer was at last close to the shore and entering the harbour, and Jubal, leisurely enough, advanced towards his wife and told her die might as well gather her traps together— that was the phrase he used—if she had left any in the cabin. They would be in in a minute. "Perhaps you may go and inquire about them," rejoined Laura, saucily, "seeing you are so very steady on your feet, and we are so very near "shore." The eyes of the little French maid twinkled at this sally ; but she nevertheless said that Monsieur must not trouble himself to go for the things; she would go at once herself aud see if there were anything of her mistress's left below. " At any rate, Jubal," observed Laura, " you can look after the boxes, aud see that tome of them don't get carried off by somebody else." "They'll see to that," replied Jubal, vaguely indicating he knew not when. " I'm not going to bother about anything except breakfast. An infernal wash of coffee they'll get for us, I know." " But really," insisted Laura, gathering her cardinal wrap about her, and dropping from her pedestal of satire, and mounting that of anger, " You must look after the things, Jubal; you knew they will be lost, and things stolen jUi of mem. You mus: stand by all the time they look in them, too, and see tney don't take anything ont of ail those lovely things I have bought." "Lovely th?rg3 be hanged." eaid Jcbal, rudely; "what the devil did you want to get so many things for r It's through you buying so many things that we had to have new boxes to carry them in, and got charged for excess luggage." "* Well, we don't go to Paris every day,** returned Laura, indignantly. *' Uncle David may be very glad we don't, answered Jubal. " It has cost enough." And now, with a loud grating noise, and little shudder, the steamer stopped; and then.. began the rush to laud. Jubal kept his wcrd about the boxes; and they were ruthlessly opened and turned over without any remonstrance from him. The only thing he took an interest in was his leather bag, which he opened himself aud pushed towards the officer with a careless air, as much as TO say, "Yon may look; there's nothing wrong with tbat." All it appeared to contain was a halfempty flask of brandy and a few toGet re<^uisi*es. The officer pushed it back towards him with "o®® impatipaiy.,; aud-Ju^l, .jfrfRnighant. marched a*ay with his cigars to the crow breakfast room, which looked uninvitingenoiigh. The proprietors well knew that the travellers must breakfast, at no matter what cost, and" that they must take what was put before them, or else face the next part of the journey without anything. So the several tables were spread in no very attractive manner with food which would have been left untested in a London re&t;&uraiit.; The passensexK, who «>njl for the most part been sea-sick, contended themselves with mild grumbling at the stewed tea wretched coffee served to them at an extortionate price. (TO BZ COXTDFDDJ 