[ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] THE COUNT'SJIILLIONS. A EOMANCE : BY JULIAN HAWTHOBNE. * They* all ûa<l -a4 but the captain and uie. I had seen yellow fever before ; I was not afraid. I shall get well . I am not going to die with all these millions-I am a poor man ; I have wandered up here; I am looking for work. Maurice-he fol- lows me everywhere. What difference can it make to him what I do with the treasure ? A dead man has other things to think about. The emperor has enough without this. What is he but a robber ? He stole them ; I have as much right to them as be.' His voice sankin unintelligi- ble mutterings. 'What does all this mean ?' said Keppel to himself. ' Treasure-the Emperor-a dead man-robbery! He has murdered somebody, probably. And he has yellow fever. He'll die of it, too ; and I may catch it myself. No matter ; here I am, and here I stay, for to-night at least. I can't go any farther ; and I can't leave a dying man either, even if he is a mur- derer. I have a special sympathy for murderers, I suppose. At any rate, I am as much of a vagabond and desperado as he is. This is a poor place to die in ; but he will be better off with me here than he would be alone. Though he doesn't seem very hospitable, I'll make myself at home.' He raised the head of the sick man, smoothed out his pillow and rearranged the bedclothes. As he was stooping to tuck the blanket under the mattress he felt some- thing cold touch his forehead ; and, lifting his head quickly, confronted the muzzle of the revolver within an inch of his mouth. The sick man's finger was upon the trigger, and his features were twisted into a hideous look of terror and malevolence. Keppel had the instinct to remain perfectly still, with his gaze fixed upon the other. 'You thought you could rob me,' said Dupont, between his teeth. * I'm not to be robbed while I'm alive, and you shall die first. I know you-accursed spy.' His long yellow finger had begun to contract to pull the trigger. Keppel's lips grew white ; death looked ugly. Suddenly a startling change swept over Dupont's vis- age. His red eyebrows lifted in a strange stare, his eyeballs protruded, and his black lips curled back from his teeth. But hie eyes were directed no longer upon Keppel, but to the farther corner of the room. The next instant he had pointed the revolver in that direction and fired over Keppel's shoul- der, almost deafening him. He then dropped the weapon and sank back scream- ing, with his hands over his face. Keppel secured the revolver, and then looked round. There was no third person in the room. The bullet had passed through a wainscot panel. 'What the devil were you shooting at? he demanded sternly. 'A bullet won't kill him,'quavered the man ; < he can die but once. But he comes -he is always here. It's the treasure he wants. What can a dead man do with treasure 1' * Your dead man has saved my life, at all evenxs,' muttered Keppel, * and I'm obliged to him for it. As for you-well ? You will never harm anyone again. This is an ugly night ; I wish it were over. And what of to-morrow ?'. He found another candle,, lit it, and, having put the revolver in his pocket, set out to explore the house. There was scarcely anything in it, except the bare rooms ; but in a closet in the kitchen he found some loaves of bread, almost as hard as atone. He soaked it in water, and atc some of it. He brought a glass of wate: for the sick man, who drank it eagerly. 'That's good !' the poor wretch said. *. shall get well.' ?., ,,.,V -., 'I don't think you will get" welv "r<B turned Keppel. '< You look to me like dying man, and you had better realise Í1 I know nothing about the treatment o yellow fever, and it's no use trying to fin a doctor to-night. If you are alive tc morrow, I'll g0 for one. Meanwhile, i there is anything you want,done, in cat you do die, you had better let me know now.' ' Bring no one here,' saidthe other, wil tremulous earnestness. * Listen, when I g well I will divide with youj there's enouj tor both ; we shall be two of the riche toen iu the world. There are millions millions ! I have told nobody. No one knows I am here. If they came, they would take it all, and put us in gaol. What is the sense of that f Maurice knows, but he can't tell j it isn't Maurice-it is his .spirit, that's all. He can't speak, he can ' only look ; an<T no one but I can see him. We are safe if I get well.' * You had better keep quiet,' said Kep- pel. «You're tiring yourself out, and you're talking nonsense. There is no treasure here ; if you didn't die of the fever, you would starve to death, as far as I can see. What is your name, and what did you come here for?' 'I am a poor peddler. I peddle wax fruits. I come here to be out of the way, not to be interfered with. I shall take them down to New York and sell them, one at a time. The least of them is worth a hun- dred thousand francs. There are thousands of them.' Keppel turned away impatiently. « I am going to take a nap,' he said. . I saw some tish nets and bagging in the kitchen, and I'll make a bed of them here in the corner. If you want anything you can call out.' He got the materials and made his bed accordingly. His fatigue was so great after the exertions and excitement of the previous two days that he fell asleep the instant he lay down. He was awakened by a wild scream and a heavy fall. He raised himself up, still heavy and be- wildered with sleep. At first he did not remember where he was. Was he in his prison cell ? or had he been hanged, and was this after-death ? In a few moments he came to himself. The candle was flaring in the socket, The faint gray of dawn was coming through the dusty panes of the eastern window. Who had screamed P The sick man, of course. Keppel looked toward the bed ; it was vacant. What had happened ? He got to his feet and made a step forward. He trod upon some- thing that yielded beneath his weight. It was the body of the invalid. Recoiling, he fetched the expiring candle and bent over it. . The man's body was drawn together, lying on the side. The hands were over the face. In the right hand was a long knife. Evidently he had crawled from his bed and stolen upon Keppel.with the intention of stabbing him ; but jusl before he could accomplish his purpose the spectre by which he imagined him- self haunted had intervened. The mai was dead. The candle flickered and went out Keppel made a spring for the other candle but remembered that he had no matches He could not stay with the body in th« darkness so he made his way to the opel air. The morning sky was clear, th< eastern horizon a pale yellow. He pacec up and down before the house till the sui rose, his mind full of gloomy thoughts Horror and misery pursue him everywhere He had the revolver in his pocket ; whj not use it on himself, and end all ? H< paused, debating the question, but finally shook his head. He had had so mani escapes lately, that he persuaded himsel; he might have been preserved for a pur pose. The unclouded sun, rising over th< blue verge of the distant ocean, was ai omen of hope. He turned and reluctantly re-entered the house. The sunlight fell upon the corpse as i lay there. Keppel set resolutely to work He straightened out the arms and legs am rolled up the body in a blanket from th bed. He tied it round with a piece of rop from the fish net. It was now ready fo burial. But how was he to dig a grave He had no spade. Yet the body could no be left above ground, it might breed pestilence. This reflection led to anothe: If the man had died of yellow fever all hi clothing must hold the contagion, an should be burned. Keppel resolved to d this at once. The coat and trousei were lying on a stool at the hea of the bed. He took them up, an ;some papers slipped from the pocket an feU on the floor. He examined them, £ first indifferently, then with more inte: est. There was a passport with severe vises upon it, showing a journey throug Egypt, India, Australia, and Panam There were several letters, apparently fro: persons of high authority in Paris, recoil mending the bearer, Maurice Solange, the good offices of foreign consuls. But ¡ this point Keppel bent his brows in pe plexity. This man who had just died cou! not be Maurice. Maurice was dead and h ghost, as the other in his delirium b lieved, had haunted him. How thei The most plausible interpretation th occurred to Keppel was that this man had murdered Maurice, and appropriated his property. It appeared, moreover, that Maurice must have been a personage of some importance j or, at any rate, that he had been intrusted with an important mis- sion. These letters of recommendation could have been delivered only by the French Emperor's authority. He recounted, too, that the man had spoken of the Emperor. Certainly there was some mys- tery here. He too.k the papers out doors and sat down to think over the matter in the open air. If Maurice had been murdered, there must have been a motive for the murder. This motive would naturally be connected with the mission on which Maurice had been dispatched. But the nature of the mission was not specified in the papers. It even seemed as if this non-specification had been carefally intended. There was a reason, then, for keeping the thing secret -a secret of state. Was it likely, however, that the poor wretch, whose body lay yonder awaiting burial, would murder a man for the sake of a secret of state ? Nothing was less likely. What good could the secret do the murderer ? Was it a thing he could sell ? Some secrets were salable, no doubt. But Maurice, an authorised agent on his way to America, must have been coming to im- part the secret to the government here j therefore, no sale could have been con- templated. Besides, the dead man had said something about a treasure-millions of money. That might have been the mere ravings of insanity ; but possibly it was not. A murder committed for millions of money was comprehensible, and this would account for the murderer's strange be- havior. On the other hand, if those mil- lions had been stolen, where were they ? Were they about the premises ? Keppel Darke had never heretofore re- garded money as a supreme object of ambition, He had been an artist, and if he liked to get large prices for his pictures it was in a great degree because such prices were a guarantee of the excellence of hie work. But things were changed with him now ; he was an outcast from society : mankind was hostile to him ;. in the un- equal contest he was disposed to improve whatever - advantages came in his way No advantage in the direction of worldly success compares with that afforded by th< possession of money. If then, millions o: money were within his reach, he was no in a mood to let them escape. Moralists would object that they did no belong to him. The indications were tha they belonged to the French Government But it also appeared that they had already been stolen from that government. If any crime of violence had been committed ti secure them, Keppel had had no part in it He would simply inherit from the robber And to appropriate what belonged to J government was not like taking from ai individual. Besides, if he refrained fron taking it, what then ? He could not returi it to the owners. Even if he knew wh< they were, how could he, a fugitive fron justice, and a man believed to be dead appear iu the matter ? The money, con sequently, would remain where it was until some less fastidious person found it or, otherwise, remain lost for ever. Here Keppel gave a short laugh. H had argued out the question with himsel] as if the millions had been lying be for him. They probably had no existenc whatever, except in the imagination of a insane man. He turned over the papers once mon Among them was one small documen folded square, that he did not rememb< noticing before. He was about to pas it over j but an idle impulse caused hil to change his mind, and open it. It looked something like a long sum i algebra. There were columns and comb nations of letters., There were also writte words in the French language, F< several minutes Keppel contemplated tl paper without a suspicion of its signil canee. It was . not a sum in algebr There were no equations ; no x or y j ï powers or signs. It might be. a mern randum in shorthand or cipher. Yes, was probably a cipher memorandum. B it was not all in cipher. The words seem« to be a comment or explanation. * It strikes me,' said Keppel to; himsel «that I've seen something like this som where. C. Kphl.-S. lnmp." That,loo; familiar.' All at once he began to feel in ; 1 pockets, with signs of excitement. ¡ Here it was j the newspaper cuttin containing the cipher letter found on the person of Harry Trent after his death. Keppel spread it out on his knee and com- pared it with the anomalous document. In a moment he uttered a cry of surprise \--surprise that, his wild anticipation had been fulfilled. ; The cipher of the letter and the cipher of the document were identical. But the latter was the key to the former^ and the explanation of it, and by its aid Keppel could read the mysterious communication . as easily as he could construe French. Cipher-writing is so ancient an art that there is little or nothing new to be said aboutit; and, perhaps, there are no new cipher-types to be invented. It has been said that the ingenuity of man can devise nothing (in this kind) which the ingenuity of man cannot solve. This is doubtless true as to methods, though not, perhaps, as to specific examples. It would be easy to make a cipher, the key of which should be a.serie*» of words taken from certain pages of a cer- tain book, which could be read only if th/H book and the pages were known. Or a cipher could be made in which the words were represented by numbers-the num- bers referring to words on pages of a book previously agreed upon by the persons concerned. Such ciphers would, of course, be insoluble unless the book were known j but they have the drawback of being tedi- ous to write and tedious to read, even with the key. Cryptographs, for special purr poses, can be made by mixing up words and sentences together, according to some prearranged plan. A kind of cipher easily written (bui., also, unfortunately, easily detected) is that in which any given signs or marks are substituted for the letters of the alphabet. The ideal cipher is one that is easily written and read by those in the secret, and yet is practically undecipherable by outsiders. In such a cipher all the time and labor are expended upon determining its fundamental principles of construction. Once those are settled the practical work- ing of it is simple. The cipher which Keppel was dealing with was of this species ; and, perhaps, no more nearly perfect one was ever made* It was based upon the philosophic struc- ture of Jangan ge, and -upon the mathemati- cal principle that gives different values or meanings to a character according to its place in a combination. This plan enables words to be written with much fewer let- ters than are contained in the ordinary alphabet, and to be expressed with not more than four characters-as, one to re- present the root of the word, one for the termination, one for the part of speech, one for such common combinations as « ion,' * ght,' * ment,' ' ph,' and so on. Thus, if in the cipher, ikmn meant writ- ing, then iklm would mean writer, iknm written or wrote, and ikln to write. Far- ther modifications were indicated by the capital letters, and others of a different kind by the periods and commas. But it will not be necessary to carry these hints any farther ; enough has been said to enable the reader, if he be so minded, to work out the problem. Keppel, in the course pf twenty minutes, had read the cipher letter, which, translated from the French into English, ran as follows : «Arrangements have been perfected. Name of messenger, Maurice Solange. Trust him. He leaves Paris February 15. Will take easterly route and should arrive not later than June. He will telegraph from Panama. Send to meet him at New Orleans. Treasure packed in box, con- cealed as already advised. Approximate value twenty million pounds sterling. In case of robbery, death, or accident inform us by cable. On receiving treasure store quietly (phno) in private vault. Hate of commission 1 per cent, per annum. We intend to declare war in early summer, but circumstances may delay. Winter cam- paign not desired. If successful Solange will bring back treasure. Keep him with you meanwhile. If defeated we shall leave at once for New York incognito (ngil F.). Empress and son to England. Keep us constantly informed of your move- ment. Estimate so far as possible whether American sympathies incline toward France or Germany. Would it be advisable to bring about collision between Germany and United States ? Is it possible that arrangements can still be made about Mexico ? If we miscarry with Germany something must be done to consolidate and stimulate imperial sentiment here;] Oui hand and seal.' ..... , (TO BK C0HIISII£1>4 