The Sioux Indians and Sitting Bull. \---e- IT connection with the revolt of the Sioux Indians and their chief, Sitting Bull, the Pall AMall Gazette of No vember 28 contains the following: The Sioux revolt bids fair to be a murderous business before the hatchet is buried and the pipe of peace is smoked. Dakota has about 30,000 Indians, divided into two dozen tribes, and only about a third have assumed the ways (and the clothes) of civilisa tion. About one- tenth are agricul. turists, and their children attend 21 day schools and eight boarding schools, the average daily attend ance being 826. The number of Dakota Indians who can read is under 2000\. The amount of land held in reserves by the Indians is over 41,000,000 acres, of which 5,000,000. are well adapted for farming pur poses. The tribes, however, only cultivate 10,000 acres. They have more than 24,000 horses, 7000 head of cattle, and 600 swine. The Red man troubles have existed for many years, arising out of plunder and broken faith on the part of the Government on the one hand, and retaliation and reprisals on the other. The present crisis is due, firstly, to bad faith on the part of the American Government in supplying insufficient food of poor quality; secondly, to the way in which the Sioux have been cheated out of their lands, without receiving the promised recompense; and thirdly, to the frenzied prophecies of visionaries, who find the ground well prepared for the reception of their mystical outpourings, " ghost dances," and all the rest of it. The sale of the Sioux lands was recently the subject of a treaty negotiated by General Crook-who is affectionately styled by the tribes-men " the Indian's friend" -which would confer countless bene fits, it was represented, on the Sioux. Ultimately they were induced (not without misgivings) to sign that treaty; and within a month the Go vernment issues of rations and other supplies, with annuities and so forth, were cut down tothetune of £3,000,000 sterling a year! General Crook, who had always acted in good faith, took this dishonourable cheese.paring policy so much to heart that his grief is said to have hastened his death. The present imbroglio is also due in part perhaps to the absence of anyone so well equipped for the delicate task of conciliation as General Crook. It is no easy matter to manage Indians. Ignorant, suspicious, and mischievous, they are yet shrewd to resent what they consider an insult. They will beg tobacco, for instance, shamelessly but they are humiliated if their re quest is denied. Canada's policy towards the Red men has been framed on more humane and straightforward lines than that of the United.States, but the Sioux who entered the Dominion with Sitting Bull some years ago were trouble some, for a time, now and then. Sit ting Bull, who has been styled by the enterprise of American journalism " The Napoleon of the' Redskins," is undoubtedly a born leader of men, a fact which has been proved over and over again in many a sortie by the great chief and his braves. It is the penalty of greatness -even in the case of a cut-throat savage warrior-to be misrepresented; and Sitting Bull cannot complain on this score, for he has been gibbeted (in print) from time to time as a loafer, a duds, a thief, a graduate of Yale,.a graduate of West Point, a "coffee-cooler" (whatever that may be), a brave man, and an arrant coward. . About 1867 Sitting Bull was a blan ket warrior on the plains. He was bold and independent, and .despised the whites. Two yearslater hebegan to attract attention. One of his tribe was murdered--as he said -in "cold blood." He met General Morrow fer a "'pow-.wow" on the subject, and the General foreseeing the difficulties that must arise, con sented to "cover" the body-that is, he piled blankets and presents over the corpse until Sitting Bull declared himself satisfied. From his indepen dent and fearless action on this occasion, his success may be dated. His forces immediately began to grow in numbers and in influence, and ultimately he found himself at the head of one of the most powerful tribes of the plains. He made his camp in the wilds, allowed no white visitors to his territory, and wished simply to be left alone. He never asked the Government for favours. He lived on the Yellowstone River, claiming all the land along that stream and its tributaries. In 1875 and 1876 a trifling squabble (such as may usually be found at the root of these quarrels) led to a pro longed and bitter struggle, fortu nately accompanied by little blood shed. Entrenching his forces around Fort Pease, the beleaguered garrison at last found themselves face to face with an even more redoubtable enemy than Sitting Bull-they were in peril of starvation. At great risk they managed to send a message for relief. When Sitting Bull heard that the troops were on the way he g?ave apromise that if, as he imagined, the soldiers were only coming to take a'way the white men, not a gun should be fired, and the besieged men should be suffered to depart in peace. That promise was honourably kept, but as soon as the evacuation was complete the great chief burned the fort to the ground. War was declared, how ever, against Sitting Bull, and the rash attack on him by General Ouster (who lost his life and his whole com mand) at the battle of Little Big Horn (25th June, 1876)' is matter of history. Of Siittiig:, Bull' ,conduct dudring the fight the're are con. flicting accounts; butimmediately after it he broke up his village and fled to the mountains. After doing all he could to keep his country, he was forced to give it up, and to seek refuge under the British flag. Once in Canada, Sitting Bull and his people longed to return to the States. What has happened since is matter of such recent history that it.is unnecessary to recall it here. Sitting Bull's method of dealing with his male captives was as follows: -The wretched victim was tied to atree or down on the ground. His tongue was then torn out, and his sinews cut from arm and leg, and bound round his feet, and while he still breathed a fire was kindled on his stomach. After the rebellion some enterprising impressario started a sort of circus show with Sitting Bull as the central figure, and such was the execration in which he was held that at the first performance the chief was shot at. No wonder that in warfare with Red Indians the white horseman reserves the last chamber of his revolver for himself. In personal appearance (says a writer who knows him well) Sitting Bull is about 5ft 8in tall, and his weight is 1801bs. A shot in the hip some years ago has somewhat shortened his left leg, and causes him to walk with a limp. He is fifty-six years old, and of a sulky disposition. When talking, it is his habit to squat down on his heels-whence his name. His neck is short and thick, his head large, his face full, and his forehead : high. His eyes are deep-set, and he does not care to look a stranger in the face, save when he is angry, when he glares with eyes that burn like hot coal. He is a burly ani remarkable Indian, whom ijany consider a great man. 