? -till continue in out their way ;in' patrons of 11 >>• Theatre Koyal. • mill Mr. 1 'arm-right are primarily ',„• ibis. but Messrs. Sass ami Canlly IH-MIIK' aii'l Kingsley also contribute • ovar'l.-' tin' work. Mi:s<u*. Williams, nd liarner. by special arrangeni' •ill with Mr us for tintributors, loss ..f .mi llrai'V. ar.' reponsible to i.ur nii.sf valuable, con- who is now m. under the doctor's care, snfl'ering from severe seven brain disease. This contributorwas had in>1 '!o'. ,-,,ung man of great promise, but he. much Ill-ret.if.'IV in the tlieatri.-ocritical I'm We had previously utilised his talents oil p.'i' (Saturday, ; nud social reporting, but. last • ual deadhead was engaged in ,,-ivin.r Vlr. Hancock some election points, we seat this in-omising young man to review the first performance of •• The Old _ Guard. J/.«- /,„•;,,.„„„,... or as we say in Knghsh. that is why lie has bung." 11" was a conscientious young )n.lllir,.i„!ri..'w I" 11,e Press, and he deter.nined ioirivet lie plol ina Clear and intelligible narrative f rm \S we have -aid, he is now under treatmen,' f,.r it. and if lie does n,.t recover his sanity, we presume that Mess,-.-. Williamson an.U.arner bv'peeial arraneeioenl with Mr. 11. 1 racy, will see that hi* wite and ehildi en are provided lor. K,,r when he strove that " Old Guard's" plot to Sense v'aii.imshed. cleared, and h'eason farewell. squeaked So far as we hav been able to gather from his disconnected mil , " The Old Guard " is French and military and is chock-full of picare tures.'jue oili'-i.-rs. wl remarkable for the gorgeoiisness and w itiness of their attire anil the abnormal displ; of' finely-developed legs, It would appear (hat i" tl»' lime of Napoin Icon the First all times, mothers had insane desire o'change other people's babies for their own. Why they should do so. and thus place a barrier between tlieni and their otl'snriii"- is all unnatural mystery. Ill this play Miu-ielle is changed for Fraisette after this timehonoured fashion. Mnrielle is the daughter of a maruuis. and Fraisette is the child of a peasant. Thus f ir is certain, but whether Mnrielle was the dau.'diter of the marquis before she was changed or afterwards is not very clear. It appears that "lie wis -mil -lie was not the noble girl, and then she was 'and was not the peasant. Perhaps, and most probablv she was bot h, because the marquis incidentally 'mention- thai the peasant mother wis Iris old sweetheart before she became the foster-mother of Mnrielle or Fraisette, whichever is the bii'h-born .me. Knowing what some ol these French marquises were. the confusion as one-half of I lie parentage is •• intelligibly " mixed up The marquis knows all about it, Iml the writer..!' the piece and the audience are in a hopeless stale ..f b'g on the question as to whether Mnrielle is Fraisetle or Fraisette is Mnrielle or s.nuoho.lv else, or whether either of them is anybody at all. It was ill endeavouring to get straight on this point that our critic s brain first tottered to it- impending fall. As if it were not bad enough to confuse everybody over the girls, the author has had the coldblooded heartlessm much the same wj low-boru : Gaslon is muddle up the men in Marcel is a captain, but noble, disguised tirst as a peasant and I hen n i private. Mnrielle is in love with Marcel, 1 Fraisette is ditto with Gaston -, but it is d ced by the Kmperor that Fraisette is ar Marcel, and the marquis is willing whilst he think Fraiselle is not his daughter, and when l'r tie is changed into Murirlle the marqiii luosn'i want" it, because lie believes Marcel t,, hi iastoii. When the marquis learns thai Mured Un't ibi-l.in,andthat Fraisette is Mnrielle. and that Murielli—no, Fraisette Her.-the strain proved too much for our contributor. ile lied as the curtain fell, leaving his sanity behind him. By way of encouraging a taste'for pU7,/l"s. we intended offering a prize for the Sort in IT out of who's who in " Tho Old Gunrd :" but on second 1 lioueht s we decided not to utterly swamp the alreadi overcrowded lunatic asylums. What adds (., the onl'i ion of the audience is the fact that Ihe ..p-ra s a brilliant blaze of brightness from iir.-l ' la.-t. Ollieers and t type are constantly peasants ..! the yuiuiui. -ht' of the baldhoads Hashing forth. t"'t he d" who ".Ioi 11 military." There oii the (opera-!...nil' them for all the is a French ballet that lot.-li This ballet is one hair on their venerable pates Suable— something of I he mosl unique dan.-es in.: skirts being long and of the O.iie'.y Style--ill. i and high. As for the low. and Hie kicking sma mi his shoulders, and fun. Kit..n takes it up '.ii'e style. This last, carries ii through in .a! exception, his very, character of his i-. with had evidently lent out Very funiiie.-t. Leuman. to learn, but bad got his'],art to somebody elit hac.l; by Monday Jivlev a derided success: night Howard Vernon dill. F Yoime.Mi-.s Varlevi well placed: Miss Mel .Miss Ida Osborne. Miss id Miss'iraupnerdei'idedly ise impressively extensive , l s one ollicer -aid Hiss May Pollard, " i|uito too ,,'ttovlv oharin'in"." as another. After hearing all tlx/,widence, incite of the a,villi.nt to our contrihutor wo ire compelled to lind a verdict against tho " Old (l'uard " ot guilty of being one of the most ontra.'eou-dv lively and comic operas ever allowed at large ill the city of Melbourn. THERK are still people—living in the remoter suburbs, for the most, part—win, go to the theatre for pleasure. They are of four different kinds. 1\. Old stagers, who have got into the habit of theatre-going, and can no more give it up than an opium-smoker call give up his pipe. Properly speaking, these do not so much go ior pleasure as to satisfy an unnatural craving. •1. Young persons—chiefly of the Oi who have never been to see a play before, and are not. yet disillusionised. H.' Actors out of engagement, who go to the theatre for the same reason as that which causes ghosts to haunt houses where they have once lived. 4\. Theatrical critics, who go partly for their sins, and partly to earn their living. People outside 1 hose four classes are—as a l-ule— merely accidents. Of course the fiction is still kept nj-i in the papers—chiefly in the advertising columns, however—thai, theatres are still houses of hilarity and amusement. Hut everybody, with the exception of the young persons who form the sec class in the above list, knows that this is a ghastly farce. Look at any audience coming the perout of almost any of the theatres aft loi'inanceis over. What impression do they leave on you 'i Kpenkiug for ourselves, they always sei'iii to us as though they had been attending a service lor the repose of their own souls, and were gloomily conscious that it had been a failure. Fin if,' si.V/.' is the French phrase for this feeling. It means in English that the world is very tired, and already more than hail-dead. A nice ino.jd, you will say, in which to be starting oil' to sec a comic opera. Hut you will please remember that we went last Saturday night when there was nothing in existence out of doors but a dark, damp, universal, miserable drizzle. Then consider that we had to sit steaming in the (ram for half-an-hoitr before, we reached our destination. Still, we must admit that we experienced a revulsion of feeling, which might by conmarison almost bo termed pleasant, when we ptsid up the nominated stairway of tbeJJpera and )u*ard tin' flouting strains of " Palkfi." To Oviwi.M*? WKARSICSS.—Topper'S Qainine and Iron T.-nie jrives new I ife. Appetite, Health, Stren|."Ii itnJ RIIIT^'V : cures Xcrrons Debility ami Neunilpia. Ho If crown bottles Every wln.'ro. Insist on huving PKiTKtt's. All things in this world,are good or had by comparison. By comparison thus.] strains w w good Afterwards, when gut comfortably seated, wr became more critical, and despondency began to grow upon us again That ohl governor with the rabbit-skin cap and the red nose, who stood around making fatuous remarks in a throat voice: that corpulent monl;, with the scorbutic countenance, who rolled about the stage with a feeble atfectation of hoggish jollity; that swarthy gipsy chief, with rings in his care and daggers in his girdle: that disguised nephew who played time-honoured toui-i'ool tricks with the plates and wine-glasses : that doddering out Seneschal whose knees were always giving way under him ; those pages in tights, with their best; legs foremost, as though there was nothing in tho lier world Sex— worth thinking of but legs—hoiv familiar, how old, how mournful they all looked! Miss Clara Merivale herself, though pretty enough and in very good voice and all that sort of thing, was not a revelation. As for Snazolle, he is always with us. While we are about it we had bet ter say something of the other performers. It isn't their fault that they are not more amusing. It is the fault of dissatisfied human nature which loses interest in things when tliey become oldaml tiresome. " l'Vlka," as an opera, may not be so very old, but it is a combination of old,old things produced in an old, old faniilarwav. In one word we consider it— speaking for ourselves again—a bore. * Every "Id staler of the first-class as mentioned ill our'list, will" know bow the part of Folback, Military (iovemor of Moiigratz, was performed when we say that it was taken by Mr. John Fordo. The same remark will, iu a lesser degree, apply to Mr. Henry lfodson's rendering of the Seneschal, and Mr. Knight Aston's lay brother Pelican. Snazelle, as Boleslas, chief of the Tzigan, looked magnificent—and sang very nicely. If Mr. John Gourlay was not uproariously amusing as Tancred the part is to blame—and it certainly is about as idiotic as anything in comic opera, which is saying enough. Mr. Arthur Salvini, as Arthur the lover —pshaw ! It might have been a part, of his business to look a mull', but he needn't have looked so deadly natural over it. Miss Fanny' Liddiard, as Edwidge, looked, sang and danced iu a style that pleased us. Miss Clara Merivale has a sweet voice ~1".t it isn't thrilling. As for Miss l.ena Salinger r,-- (Konrad, . — Captain * of - the — Governors - - ^ l^s). Miss ~ "iss Mary KKnight " ^ (Lieutenant, utenanUDrtUO, Ditto), they have, to all appearance, very good legs. VoiU twi ! ~ DACHUTKn.—Manmi, I've a nir]iriee forjou. Mamuia.— What Is it, my dear ? Daugbter —In town to-day I discovered the cheapest boots I over saw. nnd bouebt you a pair from Lincoln, Stuart & Co. Ltl., Fliuders-strcet. AT the Alexandra Theatre ir« are k lielphegor, the Mountebank." Kvtn if its ? , „ did not endear us fc> " .Bclphegor, we sb,„M $ eon nine to speak of it with respect as ^ of the last ot the old school of plays that -,fl,J vogue Ere comedies had naught but faix-ii-alf^ Or opera-boufiers' legs began ti> niu. -\Ve. like " Belpliegor," especially when ,,, • M r Dumpier plugging in with MlKilj v,.,ice aIJIj half-closed eyes at. the lx-m h quit, l„'iUgs back our youth to hear the iviiy ' "1 M-hi tile ga]]CTV a,ud pit stamp, applaud «l,fJUt.] thistle when the sound of a vein, tw - .lnything but still announces tlic ii„„rJ of Alfred tho Great. Every utterance t followed with open-mouthed ami onct.J 011j0yinent, and when Belpliegor declarestliatf misini? i,js ilan<j against a woman he is not am! but a. beast, it is sweet to hear llie amr™.' iV],phuise of the wife-beaters of the near [«W All, it is plain tbat in the drama there i-i,ntl Alfred, and the gods are his profit \vL- it Heiphegor too, because Mr. Appl.jt„n villain, Laverennes. lie is sonieUiine lit, villain—cool .calm, calculating a do mfifcitiaU ]lis C1.;mes ^ the orchestra. He mils tl„.„, I ts long-drawn-out that he has vi.imiij murder before now, and there is a iiurlj j sinister meaning in his eye as he gazes kuj and meaningly at the meek conductor wlm just been ringing iu the Anvil chorus novelty upon the unsuspecting villain. ffeU, " Hclpliegor" further, for when we sop J, Edmund Holloway as a dook, wo know tliatj can't be real, and that it is sure to conn? outriekl in the end. When, too, we behold Mr. Robin Vernon as the Count de lilangy, i\e get an iis of what the nobility of the time was lilce, thatfe, so much of it as was visible to tho naked eve, fa Mr. Vernon was chiefly boots and such lioot all wool and a yard wide. They over]xuen£ overwhelmed liim ; they not- only hid his fat calves, but they swallowed up his (liiglis in th® capacious maws -, they seemed to have desigmn liis stomach, and only the three-cocked hat sairf Mr. Vernon from being completely cngulpbed• their awful depths. There was no doubt is k the song that they were singing— Yes, there's room, yes, there's room, Yes, there's room for Bob inside. Besides, we arc fond of Belpliegor, because« like to see Miss Lily Dampier looking villi f Languishing eyes of liquid blue—we arc certain whether they are blue, but they mi| be—up at the sunlight, and telling it. tha pire lias the noblest, truest heart that ererb in human bosom, ha, ha, ha'. a sentiment ins" the gallery heartily coincides. Not reason for our liking this production of "6 phejjor" is tliat it alfords us an opportunity of seeing into what a bright, natural , unaffected little actress Mabel Kusseil is g ing. To-morrow evening the first of a : of what is styled " Shakespearian Fridays" be given, the point of attack being " As Voul It." It is to be a family set-to ot : kind, for whilst Miss Danipier is putting K<sa through, Mamma is going to tackle Celia.and champion of the heavy weights will knock® stuffing out of the melancholy .Tuques, THE Bijou Theatre has been occupied lithe week by the last performances of t lie Acli Charringtou season. "A Doll's House" way last night to " The New Magdalen,' morrow night. Miss Acliureli takes licr ' with " Forget-Me-Not." On Saturday tKe IV" Boucieault Company, with the ever-popularMr Moore, open in " The Schoolmistress." Two new arrivals at tho Victoria Hall Saturday night—Miss Ada Maven, the pop - serio, and an English arrival, Mr. Alfred Tra a ban joist. Jas. 11. Walsh is putting iu es' work, but unquestionably the star of the c is Will Whitburn, whose absurdities are I ously applauded. Miss Amy Bowe ai Holhind contribute largely to the all-n success of the show, which, by-tlie-way,: its forty-sixth week. Special attractions promised next week, and Mr. Billin must l« gratulated on gathering such a first-class com around him. THE latest idea of the Gaiety nianageuMt i. contest amongst amateur vocalists, flo - amateurs of every description in the suburK if Frank Clark succeeds in taking them a from us and massing them in the city, tta petitioners will ever pray, &c.; The present bill at the Gaiety is a good one, the great f tiou being the evergreen English vocali comedian, good old Slade Murray, who is a entertainment in himself, and when it is W" mind that a. fresh -shipload of all the latest e songs is to hand, the public have a treaty . Pope and Sayles, Lance beuton, * rank JM Franks and Marion, Matlock (the snu" bournito), and others aid in filling ui_ programme. During the week (lie business. beeu very brisk. Tun Waxworks, where Jack, t.lie kangaroo „ and exponent . of the manly an. up his dukes," has been largely patreinM the week. Mr. Phil Stuart, always on i novel-allows anythingworth hnvingtolu» If l'hil doesn't know his business, then v - Hokitika, Sunday, 29tb March — Our bu6inee«e« enclose cast of 'FaunUerov.' " - ^ ^ tLe onpisitio^^"; bouses. We played there a week, and torneu^^ away three nigtato out of six. Had a ponloo C f f i X t ^ " ^ 0,)en — 0n — St. — Patrick's Night.- Have E1 *„„ " c0 veait. "i,^ wbere uo company bad been for five' G > ^ ,b t ganui, May; Auckland, Juno. Are all wolJ.«! rapidity ot our travelling knocks some oi ffl9 at times. From CbrietmaE up U) ^il!" noe night. Those who Know New Zcal&u; EiDcerelf Mlf t l iis<".—'With Viudest regards from .1. •>•. COLI-KT 1J0US0N." 