DEFINITIONS. Our readers were invited to furnish definitions ii> veree or prose of the following words: — Water, Warrior, Wealth, Wisdom, Witchcraft, Woman; the verses not to exceed eight lines, and the prose definitions not to exceed forty words. We publish the following this week:— Water. Yon cool, refreshing, sparkling stream, ' Bcfiecting the sun's rosy beam Is water, pure and clear; A fluid that was made for man E'er he bis earthly race began; Bis heart and mind to cheer A blessing, by bis God designed To meet the wants of all mankind. B.S.S. The lustre of a diamond, the bushman's daily drink, Most valued in the desert where no rivers ever flow; The all-devouring element, beneath whose surface sink Vast armaments, the pride and boast of nations friend and foe. A universal beverage of all, save thirsty man; Bird, beast, ana tiny insect, its refreshing draughts delight. And have forages numberless since life itself began To manifest its presence in this world of quench less light. GRECIAN. If yon ask the teetotaler "what, Sir, is water," He is sure to reply " the elixir of life; The true me dc tat, every mother and daughter, Each father and son, every husband and wife, Who, exempt from all sickness and sorrow would live. Should beware of the enp (bat its thousands nave slain; Nor ever the reins to intemperance give, lest they never recover tbefr freedom again. Teapot Tommy's Ghost. A universal cleanser; a universal fertilizer; a. universal highway to the nations; a universal beverage; a universal monarch who will "long to mtn aucw nd" dnil all til ft 4 QtlivflrHflJ A9.rt:h"_. rain over us" and all the "universal earth."— Student. Warrior. A hero honoured in immortal verse, A cat-throat whom a thousand widows curse. A patriot of stern but noble features, A wholesale butcher of his follow creatures; A myrmidon, who for the sake of pay, Encounters death for fifteen pence a day; A man of might who, faithful to the laws, . Defends his bleeding country and her cause. (Student. . 