T0HQUE3IADA AND THE IN- J QUISITION. Belgeatia. The j udgiiients of the Inquisition were always given in. a large place, capable of "containing a great number of people, three, or four thousand, in the amphi theatre of which were arranged sea's of different heights or degrees, some for the accused,others for the tribunal of the In quisition and counsellors of the kingdom, and towering above all the others that of the Grand Inquisitor. In the space bet ween was placed a chair for the preacher with an altar by its side and a stool for the criminal who was to bear lus sentence The ceremony generally toot place on a Sunday—on a good day good .vork, thought these terrible men—commencing at six o'clock in the morning, and going on miHl six in the evening. They too k the prisoners from their dungeons, giv ! ing each one a little vest, having sleeves ' tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers which came down to their heels, vest and drawers being made of black linen striped "with. white. Outside tins dress they put a Sanbenito, winch is a sort of cloak or scapulary, which hung Jow n in the front and at the hack, after the fashion of a herald" s coat, and those who wore them knew what their sentence would be befotehund from the different color of the cloaks and the figures, &cM; on them. Those who were condemned to , death had Sanbenitos of yellow linen, | with the cross of St. Andrew painted in [ red on them. Those who, having been condemned to death,had escaped the cxe- j cutioncr by avowing their crimes before j their condemnation, wore a scapulary j called Samarra, on which were euibroi- j dered ilauies burning downwards, such ; as the Portuguese will J' tuJ° PtMotto, and those condemned to be burnt alive a grey Samarra, on which was represented a man sur rounded bv fiames and devils stirring up the fire- At the end of the scapulaiy the victim's name and crime were written. | They silso wore pasteboard caps in _ the j shape of a sugar loaf or conical mitre, garnished liberally with ilawesand imps, called atrvchat. They were then gagged in a most painful way, so that the mouth could neither he closed nor opeued, after which a broalrfast of dainties was placed before them and they were ironically invited to eat- This farce being over, ; each one was given a taper of yellow wax and led out into the public square by a f;ii»»liar of tbe Holy Office, wlio, under the name of godfather, was obliged to answer and be responsible for his un happy companion throughout the whole •rrini performance. Then the procession would start. Pirst marched the Domi eaus. carrying the banners of St-Doiuinie, having the honor of going first because he wastbe.first Inquisitor of his faith; then cimc the other Inquisitors.the high dignitaries of the Church, the nobility, and magistrates ; these were followed by the accused, who walked one by ono,witli naked feet and bare heads, except the most unfortuuate, who wore the pastc board caps, each one holding the wax taper in his hand. In the middle of the procession a large crucifix was carried, the face of the figure on it turned towards those who had escaped death, and the back towards the others as a mark that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at the place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted tbe pulpit and gave a sermon tending to tlie conversion of the Jews aud heretics, who were blasphemously reviled. AVheu the sermon was fimsbenl, an Inquisitor took the preachers place and called the criminals one after the other. The criminal called left his place, and. conducted by an .1 t>tt <<!•', placed himself on Ids knees before the Inquisitor, who read his aud liis sentence. When, all the sentences were read, an Inquisitor came, accompanied by some priests, to those who had escaped death and absolved them from the excommuni cation winch they had inclined, giving each one a little stroke with a rod. This sentence of excommunication was thought so terrible, that the ofticcrs of the In quisition dared not speak to the accused nor show them the slightest mark of friendship—not even the godfathers who walked beside them. Hut the moment they were absolved from tbeir excom munication tlicy might- speak to them If amongst the number of victims doomed to suffertliere happened to be a priest, be was stripped of his canonicals, which he was allowed to wear to the last, that his humiliation and degradation might be "reater, aud then, to remove the oil of his'cousecration, he was subjected to a most cruel aud abominable process. Ilis lips, bands, and shaven crown were scraped with a bit of glass until tliey were raw aud bleeding, after which lie was put with the common herd to await liis final punishment. Those whose ex ecution had not yet been arranged, and the reconciled prisoners, who bad saved their lives bv recanting their faith, were now separated from those condemned to death, and while the former were con ducted once more to the dreary solitude of the gloomy underground dungeons of the Inquisition, to ding out, sometimes, a miserable existence for long years in those loathsome places, perhaps m the end, after sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, the only refuge from torture aud the rack, au imaginary crime; the others who had been condemned to suft'er all the rigors of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to tbe place of execution, where piles of logs had been placed- Here each victim was bound to a stake, and then tlie executioner asked tlieni in what religion tbev wished to die. If they said tliey wisued to die Christians, they mtrafntly strangled before being burnt; if not—aud the Jews and Hohaiinnediuis often adhered to their religion with dogged courage, I suffering any tortures rather than recant I—they were burnt alive I Prisoners were jealously guarded from having any | intercourse with the outer world, seeing no one but the jailor, aud a priest of i tbe liomisb faith, ignorant of the charges j made against them, and in a truly j desolate condition, with the fear of un known horroTs before them ; for Torque-; inada knew not the quality of mercy, and in the deep and impregnable vaults | of the Inquisition bad bis unhappy victims tortured in the most horrible manner, in order to make them, confess their guilt, or at any rate that which the Inquisition wished them to , confess, aud the tortures being more, in many cases, than human nature could endure, no end of people confessed to crimes of which they hail never even dreamt. _ At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, faintly lighted by flickering torches, these fiends in the name of religion, tortured their hapless victims. " "Whether man, matron, j or tender -virgin, they were stripped j naked and stretched uj>on the wooden bench. "Water, weights, fires, pulleys, j screws—all the apparatus by which the sinews could be strained -without crack- j ing, tbe bones bruised without breaking and tlie body racked exquisitely without giving up its ghost—was now put into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot, with his eyes glaring at his victims through holes cut in the hood wliicli muffled his face, practised successively all the forms of torture which the devilish ingenuity of the monks had invented." The heavy noisome air of the dungeons resounded with the cries and groans of the miserable wretches, who in those medieval days thought they would lose their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the faith in which they had been bom aud firmly believed, and were torn by cruel anil horrible pains of both mind and hodv. But what cared Torqiiemada and liis bloodhounds foi that ? They were heretics,dogs of Jews, and they must suffer,in that they did not belong to the Holy Church of Home. So thev were stretched on the rack, until Tlieir strained joints were like to crack aud burst asunder ; they were tied with the soles of their bare feet within a few inches of a bla ring fire—a foretaste of that cruel death at the stal^e to whichso many were to come at last;: tbey were j suspended from the ceiling by their hands, which were cased in iron gloves so tightly screwed that the victim's fingers were crushed and bruised; they were placed on frames head downwards and scourged till the blood ran; they had pieces of their flesh pinched away with red-hot irons ; their toe and finger nails were torn off; their teeth dragged out.; they "were forced into machines that pressed the knees np to their chin,* bent' the bead down on the breast,and cramped them iii a most painful fashionthey wcre suspended by sharp hooks driven in under the shoulder-blades; tliey were nearly torn asunder by ropes and pulleys; they were prodded with red-hot needle all over the body and limbs; and a re finement of torture which the Torquemada often ordered, was to have a cloth tied over the nose and mouth of the victim, and a monk who sat beside, kept drop ping water on the cloth, which must have produced a most painful sense of suffoca tion. Torqmanada, in 149S, the author of so much woe and misery, the object of such bitter hatred, died peaceably in his bed I " For the advancement of the faith all means arc lawful." If this were not, it should have been his motto. *• The convictions of Tor quemada," says 1L Eosscuw - Saint Hilaire, "were sincere, one cannot doubt, when one examines his life; but with what astonishment, mixed with horror, does one view this life, given up entirely to doing ill, with the same ardor and perseverance that others do good! His name remains for all time detested and abhorred amongst men. But his evil work, unhappily, is not dead with him. During more than three centuries the Inquisition ground down Spam, and the country yet bears its impress; 