ELFIE'S CHRISTMAS EYE WITH T H E FAIRIES. BS LISA SECOOMR*. IT was the afternoon of the "2tth December. Outside, a dreary winter day, with leaden skv", snow covered earth, and a melancholy wiud sighing amoug the leafless branches. Iuside. a long, cold schoolroom, with eight large windows ou one side, looking into a garden covered with snow : a bare aud desolate looking apartment, maie still more so by the tiny, white-faced figure, huddled up by tlie side of a fire not quarter big enough to warm such a room. And yet, when filled with pupils at their respective tasks, all busy aud cheerful, preparing their lessons, one would have admired its noble proportions, and said how well ventilated and commodious it was, and what lucky girls the pupils were who could study amid such surroundings. But on this day, almost the eve of Christmas, with that one lonely child sitting by the fire, all one could think about was its loneliness and desolation. Eifie Graham, the little girl sitting so disconsolately there, had been for nearly a year a pupil at this school. She had arrived one cold January day, aud the icy atmosphere had seemed to numb her heart so that it had 'uever been warm since. Ellie had come from a home where, for seven years, she had kuown nothing but sunshine, and all the comforting surroundings of a devoted mother's love. Ever since her babyhood. Elfie and her mother had been all in all to each other ; they were together all day—from early morning, when Elfie would ruu about amoug the flowers iu the garden by mother's side; through the mid-day hours by the sparkling summer sea, until the dusk of evening, when Elfie would fall asleep with mother ' crooning some old ballad, or telling over again ; some well-known fairy tale. Even iu the night, : Ellie's little hand would ofteu find its way into ' mother's, as she lay in her cot by the side of mother's bed. | When Elfie was a little more than seven years ' old, her mother was compelled to leave England for a time, and go a long journey to Teheran, in ' Persia. The whole future of Elfie and herself • depended on her taking this journey; aud as it is a very difficult and wearisome one at the best of times she was compelled to leave Elfie behind . her. "Only for a time, my darling ; as short a time ! as possible," she said, holding £ltie to her in pas- ! bionate embrace. The parting between Ellis and her mother was 1 too sad even to think about; aud then Eliie weut to pass the time of her mother's absence in this ' highly recommended, and in every way superior, school, where there were about a hundred girls , of all ages from ten to eighteen. Eltie was younger than auy who had before ' been admitted into it, but by the influence of j some friends of her father's (who had died when i she was a few weeks old) had been brought to : bear on the Principal, and tins, with liberal terms, had proi:u:<M lor Kltie her entrance into • the school. Poor Elfie was not a favourite with anyone. None of the governesses, from the austere head down to the most frivolous pupil teacher, understood the child. She was quick and obedient, and possessed, as Miss Jemima Leslie, the austere head mistress, used to say, " An average intelligence. " But she was always in disgrace: lessons < badly learnt, sums wrong. Elfie was not a greater favourite with her fellow pupils than with her governesses. The - frivolous ones hated her for her quiet ways, ; her pretty clothes, and for her grave face ami j wondering eyes, when in playtime they talked their common-place school-girl chatter. Elfie ; belonged to a different world to the one iu which ; they existed ; and among these good natured but • utterly material creations, she was like a being | who had strayed into some unfamiliar country, | so that her daily life was one irksome round in . 1 which the hours of play were more hateful than those of work. 1 She used to wander about the gardens like a ! little ghost. At last she tried to make friends ' with the birds. Every morning she saved some bread from her breakfast to give them when the hour for recreatiou came, and all the pupils were sent out into tiie garden ; but she got a bad cold lingering there iu the damp one wet day, so her going out was prohibited, and she had to amuse herself indoors during play-time as best she could. , Mrs. Graham having uo friends in England, El lie's holidays had to spent at school. The summer ones were uot so bad ; she had the big beautiful garden all to herself, and used to sit for hours under a fine old cedar, aud long for mother to be beside her ; she longed, too, for some of her books of fairy stories which Miss Jemima had sternly confiscated when her boxes were first unpacked. Now the winter had brought the Christmas holidays, aud Elfie's thoughts went back over the past long dreadful year as she eat alone by the tire. Not a sound was to be heard in the big silent house. The servants were all in the warm comfortable kitchens below, enjoying Christmas fare, aud preparing for greater festivity on the morrow, as Miss Jemima's departure had caused a relaxation of the reinB of discipline uot much appreciated there. Ellie's solitary dinner was long ago over, and she sat in the gathering dusk gloomy and sad, wishing tlie good fairies would bring mother to her, or take her somewhere where mother was, she did not care which ; only to feel herself in mother's arms again. She was feeling more miserable aud louely than she had ever done before, when some impulse urged her to go aud look out of oue of the windows. Running about in the snow, she saw a pretty little black dog He had a head like a tiny fox, and his tail curled up over his back in the most delightful fashion ; his eyes were the softest, kindest-looking dog's eyes that Elfie had ever seen. He had a red collar round his neck, to which three little tinkling silver bells were attached. He rau to aud fro, not as if he were lost, or unhappy, but rather as if he were looking for so.neone he had been sent to find. He wants me ; I am sure he docs." said Elfie to herself. " I must go to him ; perhaps the good fairies have sent ltitu to me to take me to mother." She opened the heavy window with some difficulty, and crept out. The keen, frosty air almost took her breath away lor a moment, but the little dog began to dance around her, and to kiss her hands and teet. aud to show so much pleasure in receiving the caresses Elfie was only too ready to bestow on him, that Elfie forgot all about the cold : her heart seemed warm for the first time since she had been encircled by mothera arms. Presently, the little dog seemed to be asking her to come away with him. Eltie was quite willing, so they rau through the gardeu, and out at a little gate used only bv the gardeners at their work. They crossed two fields, when the little dog (who had all the tiuie kept just, in front of Kltie)^ stopped at the door of an old tool house, and began to bai l; and scratch as if ho wanted io be let in. The door immediately was opened from the inside by unseen hauds. and the dog, taking Ellie's dress iu his teeth, pulled her in with him! The branches of a tree which had been cut flown, were thrown in one corner. Kilie seated herself on oue of them, aud the little dog jumped into her lap. " Oh, you darling." said Elfie, " vou do love me a little, don't you ? Well, you stay with me always;voucau slecpiu my bed all night, and I will bring yon food, ami when I am doing my lessons I will make you a lovely warm nest in my big fur rug, and we will never part again." The little dog kissed her hand as if he said, "Yes, please," to evertiiing, and curled himself op in her lap iu perfect content. They had only Bat thus for a few moments, when Elfie felt a strauge sensation ; her hard seat became a soft, cosy chariot, and she was whirled in it through the air at wonderful speed. The sensation was a delightful one. After a time the chariot stopped, and Elfie, with the little dog by her side, stepped out iu the middle of a more beautiful gardeu tliau any Elfie had ever seeu before. Iu it was growing every flower you could wish for: lilies of all kinds: roses, deep crimson and the palest pink, big yellow ones, aud white, fragile darlings, that seemed to be hiding among their dark green waves. There were carnations of rosy hue, and big myrtle trees white with blossom. Hundreds of other flowers grew there whose names Elfie did uot know, aud all were in the perfection of beauty ; butterflies of the most brilliant colours flitted from flower to flower_ High above Elfie's head were lofty trees, whose tall trunks were covered with mosses aud creeping plants, while birds of gav plumage made ; 6weet music from every bough. Before her was a lake, which sparkled in the lovely light, which was not that oi sun or moou, but something more beautiful than either. On its calm surface, pure water iilies rested ou their dark green leaves. As Elfie gazed on all this wondrous vision of beauty, she heard other music than that of the birds approaching, and soon a crowd of lovely beings came towards iier. Eltie had often dreamed about the fairies, and longed to see them, and somehow she knew that these before her were some of the heiugs of whom Slink.spcare had written, and mother had read t o her in the happy days that seemed so long ago. Two tiuy sprites advanced towards her and took her hands ; to her surprise she found herself just as tiny as they were. They led her to oue who was more beautiful than all the others, and who held out loving arms to her. " Come to me, Elfie," she said, aud Elfie nestled iu a tender embrauce. Surrounded by these loving arms, Elfie watched the fairies dauce iu perfect ecstasy, as they whirled round and round to perfect music, all dressed in green, gold, white or silver, with their hair streaming behind them like a golden cloud. How long this lasted Eltie never knew. Theu the fairy queen, with Elfie still in her arms, stepped .into one of the pleasure barges which suddculy appeared ou the beautiful lake. A silken sail was spread, aud the boat glided mi over the shining water. They seemed to be going on for ever so long, when they came to a marble palace from whose turrets rang out a peal of silvery bells. Surely it was a familiar chime. " Peace ou earth, good will among men," rang the hells, just as they had rung a year ago, before that awl ul lar.ingwith mother, and going to school where no oue loved or wanted liltie. Louder and clearer raug the bells, tighter grew the embrace of the loving arms, as kisses were rained down on llie small white face. " Tighter grew the embrace of loving arm»." " Elfie, Elfie, my darling," said a well remembered voice, " mother has come back, never to leave her treasure again." Elfie opened her wondering eyes. Was she Btill in fairy land ? or better still, was this really mother in whose arms she was folded, while the Christmas bells rang out with ever increasing joy? " Mother, mother," was all she could say, as the small arms clung passionately round the well loved form. "How came my little Elfie in this dreadful place," asked mother; " we have been lookiug for you for hours, aud should not have fonnd you even now but for the barking of your little dog.' " What a dear little fellow he is," continued Mrs. Graham, stooping to pat the dog, who was jumping about in a state of intense delight. "Yes," said Elfie, " he came to me from fairylaud, and took me back there with him. And mother I have seen such beautiful things, aud heard such lovely music. All the fairies are sweet and good, just as you used to tell me they were, but nothing is as nice as haviug you with me again." As she paused ^breathless for joy. the bells again rang out their Christmas greeting. " My Elfie, it in nearly Christmas morning," said Mrs. Graham. •* Come, we must hasten back to my hotel, and then to bed. I will .send for your things to-morrow." " But this little dog," said Elfle, " must he go back to fairyland, or may he come with ns ? " "He shall come with us now," said Mrs. Graham "and uuless we can find his owner he shall stay with you always." " No oue owns him but the fairies," answered Elfie, " and they are too good —they will never take him away from me." Elfie aud her mother spent their Christmas day iu a comfortable home-like hotel, and a perfectly happy oue it was. They remained there a few days, and made all enquiries for the owuer of the little dog, whom Elfie had christened Sprite, but no one ever claimed him, BO Elfie took him home. Elfie and her mother were never parted again ; but when she was a woman with her own little children clustering round her knees, as they sat by the Christmas fire, Elfie used to tell them the story of her lonely Christmas eve, when the kindly fairies sent little Sprite to bring her to them in that beautiful laud which, I hope, we may all enter some day. MR. Sirri:uri" came down stairs to a ten o'clock breakfast with a vacant countenance and a backward tendency in the hair that made his two eyes ache. He sal dotvn at 1 lie table, and picking up a knife and fork, glared in an uneasy wonder at something in the platter before him. It had evidently been fried in butter, and was intended for food. Mr. Setemup harl>o<ined il with his fork and lifted it up bodily, gazing at it. wit h ever-incrc.ising wonder. " What under the sun," be eirlainied at la«t., " is this t hing ? " " Well," replied his patient wife, with just, a shadow of a sigh, " it looks like yo:ir soft felt hat. and that is what I think it was, but you pulled it out of your pocket when you came home thi« morning and said it was a porier-lionse steak, and you wanted it broiled for breakfast. You needn't give me any of it, I'm not hungry.'' And Mr. Setemup, who was just wild to know what else he said when be came home, and wlmt time it was, for (lie life of liiin didn't dare to ask. A N old lady hearing some one say that the mails were irreptlar, remarked : "It was just so in uiy young days - no trust ing in any of "em." " One lonely child sitting by the fire." *The dog taking Fl/ie's Areniu his teeth." 