Christmas comes but oiice a year, and every lime ifc bririgs.'g'qod ;cheei\ It -is. just as wejl that; it.-, shoiiirj; perhaps in each case .. us could not stand more , than one Christmas or more than bne r .ehlarged ; " cheer " during the year. Unfortunately the retrospect is not a pleasant one to recall; may the prospect be better. Dull times have characterised the past, what with the decadence of the land booni'.;and-;itj3.\afc teridant ghost 'iii .the' sbape^jf-.^siidub bills, followed : liy' the big .but abortive industrial, strike.-;'. These have been responsible.for the.vdul'ness and stagnation . of . business lately.' But employers and 'employed; -have learnt the lesson that strife brings about no cure for grievances under which either party: -may-'labour. Capital cauiiot be coerced -by/ ' anything else but a superior, capital* 'just as—all other things etpal—avmi'es" can only be beaten by superior battallions. We-; are not likely to have a: repetition-of the errors of the pa.st from the labouring classes ; nor could the capitalists desire it; -.- -although better able to bear, the brunt of the war. The. .laud, boom, ii, is to be hoped, will be a sufficiently, lasting, iesspn.tp this.generation of .Victbria,us; to avoid undne speculation, andto decHhe^tp hav;e aiything to do -wi th unjustified inflation hi values. AK: i-hpugh hot prpp.hets," nevertheless v>-e : feel right in predicting that there .wiil, be a faii- ly-'.''-?;ijr6.s'perous'.' ,: fiinieahead. The lessons of the ])ast will not 'be quickly forgotten, and ppssibly they wiii have a chastening effect. It is" to be hoped that those who are fortunate enough to. have a little money, will not withhold their hands, as if they do, it will lhalce things bad all round. A lot.of population has: been.Xattivictea^itpueur shores by. the visionary prosperity •thatinlom'eiitarily ,=surrbuhded , us,".-but with thb:.'disillusibnihg- : /Scehe'9^ih enacted, and .the bottom falling out of the land boom, a change has come o'er the spirit of" our dream; The worst is . noiv kijoivu, . and . every business man is waiting ^fbr>th'e" turn: !.bf.' the tide!, Property is affected, and it behoves every well wisher of these northern districts to hasten the adve t of the good', time .coming.- To our numerous friends and supporters we wish every prosperity and biessing for the now year ; to those who do not see eye to.-oje with us, we wish W equal advantages, in fact a: turn of the tide to all. It is liot possible to act in accordance with the views of everyone,- and-the l">.eing or newspaper which attempted, the feat of such truckling would-be a spineless object.- It has been onr aim to do the right, thing in the past—to. support local industry and advocate its cause. ;The good patronage we have received has proved t hat our advocacy has not been' wasted, and it has., proved, to-, the advantage of the public .to -support a good local paper,- 'inasmuch as'- the paper always helps the district .with its advocacy. • It is a . generally accepted axiom tluittliose who supjrort themselves, while those ,who; go afield or-to town. for. the requirements they should obtain locally, deser'ye the same fatet;r.egi " that our advocacy -of and,support io customers,". ;biat if the suburban: i-esii dent al o end to to^ n for then, re quirement, then they help to cut then own. throats, setting a bad; 'example'-to4heir.customers,and-;help5 i7Ugvto^ake::^lie:!-;subnirbs-jnot'.^ living m Dmrng thef past yeai \ e; have aeceived_good upppit fiom the; 