The Tasmanian Presbyterian ??? ? Svnod? Thdssdav, Maboh 19. morning sbdbbunt. The synod met yesterday morning at 10 o'clock, and wan opened devotionally. UNION OF THK 80UT0H CKnitOHBS. The synod wcjnt into conference on tbe subject of union with Victoria, which had been introduced on the previous evening by the speeches of the Victorian delegates, the 'Boys. W. J. Gillespie ami T B. Cairns. Careful consideration was given to the proposals submitted by the 'Victorian dele gates on bebr.lt of the committee appointed to c .) iifer with the dolegatos with the depu ties to South Australia and Tasmania, hold on the 27th J manry. The outline of directions approved at tho meeting was as follows : — 1. That tho deputitsB should enquire into and report (a) on the properties of the churchos visited by them and the tenure on which these properties are held ; (b) on the neces sity for an Act of Parliament to legalise tlie propoeod union — if effected— and tho probability of obtaining such an Ac5 with out great expense or opposition. 2. That S-me enquiries should be made in regard to betif-fici^ry fuude, i.e., the widows' fluid, and the aged aud iiiflem niinisttis' fund, the amount of these funds, the number of annuitants, and how ttie funds -.rs raised aud dispensed. 3. That tnquiry should likewise bo made with rcsptct to thoir home mission fund, thiir suatontalbii fumi, thoir Jubileo fund, if any, and their fund lor the training aud lusLtiiig of students for the ministry. 4. That definite information should also be elicited relntivn to the attainments required of students previous to thoir being licensed, and tho formula which has to be tinned by minister!) and eldorx at the ordiuatiou aud induction 5 That ful: information on nil these points in1 connection with our- own church should be given to the ' other churches by the deputies, bnd that a free interchange of opinion in regard to the future 'manage- ment of all such matters and questiouo fchpuld be evoked. 6. Tnat tne cnucnes visited should be requested to appoint deputies to attend the meeting of our c -m- mibsion in May, w!;en our deputies will b? expected to submit the report of their mission and the lnformntion which they have succeeded in obtaining, eo that same t't-ftaite proposals in n-gard to luturo negotiations may be formulated for sub mission, (a) To special meetings of tho Kupreme courts of the other churches, to be hold, say, in October; and (J) to the meeting of our assembly in November. 7. The committe, though acting therein solely ou thuir own ret-ponjibihty, conaidered U expedient to suggest thai as ono of thu natural concomitants of the proposed union, the' United Church should be under the government of Presbyteries, sj'nods, and the general assembly. That enfl meeting of assembly should bo held annually. That the Presbytery of Fenola should be annexed to tho synod of. South Australia1. That nil the Presbyteries in Tasmania should bo merged in the synod of Tasmrmia, and that there should be at least two synods of the Victomn Chutca. Thus au matters ov purely local interest should be adjudicated upon and dealt with finally by the respec tive bj'Lodn, bxceyt in caies in -which by mutual consent, nny matter of difficulty 'may be referred for advice to' tho Roneral assembly, but that all questions &ff; cting the general interest of the Churches should be duly ventilated in 'the synods, and reported on to the assembly. Finally, the' committee considered that it would be inadvisable, either for them or for the deputies, to enter moro fully or pio cisely for the present into details on the various questions that will naturally be raised in connection with the' important matters involved in the foregoing instruc tions. The great point to be aimed at, is the eliciting of the mind of the churches, relative to the desirableness and practi cability of ' incorporative union, and the obtaining of such information as may form a safe and proper basis for future discussion and adjustment, Extracted from there cords of the committee by James Nish, cierK pro. icm. The proposals were remitted to a busi ness committee to supply in writing all information as fully as possible, and it was decided to appoint as deputies to a com mission of the General Presbyterian Church Assembly to meet in Melbourne in May next, the Moderator (Rev. D. A. M'Uoiigall) and clerk (Ejv. Jas. Scott), the Hev. J. Lyle or the Rev. J Kussell as sub stitute, or the I' on. Jd8. Gibson. It was also resolved to express the synod's un feigned pleasure at the deputies' visit, aud their earnest hope that the proposed union might he consuro mated at an early date, and the strong conviction of the synod was that the best interests of the church would be promoted thereby. The delegates were instructed to report their procedure at a special meeting of the synod to bo held in Uampbsll Town on the last Tuesday in September next, at 2 p m. STDDBNTS OP THEOLOGY. Tho following report on tbe f-tudents of theology was read by the Rev, Joseph Bloch, M.A. theological tutor and adopted : — Messrs. A. D. Thomson and W, Mabin, students of theology, have since they passed the entrance examination under the board of examiners in May, 1889, been prosecuting their studies under tbe juris diction of the presbytery of Hobart. They oppeared for examination for the first time in November 19, 1889, when Mr Thomson read an assay on the ' Peculiarities of the Bible as a revelation from God,' and Mr Mabin on the ' Existence of God.' They next appeared before the presbytery for examination on June 24th, 1890, when Mr Mabin delivered three essays on the follow ing subjects: — 'The mission of the Holy Ghost; ''The historical evidence of the resurrection of JesuB Christ ;' ' Man's in dividuality and responsibility vindicated.' Mr Thomson also gave three essays on ' The creation of the world ;' ' The histori cal hooks of the New Testament ; ' The martyr church.' On January 29cb, 1891, they appeared a third time for examina tion, when Mr Thomson delivered a sermon on Daniel, 6-10, and an eesay on the '-Knowledge of God.' Mr Mabin read a sermon on Phil, 3-16, and an essay on the ' Teleological argument for existence of God.' On each occasion the papers read by the students gave much satisfaction to the presbytery) and were cordially' sustained, as well as the examinations on the other subjects of study prescribed by the'rules of the church, and ..which were taken in writing. On' January :29, 1891 ,' . Messrs.' Thomson and ?Jlabin'-hod completed the first hjuf'of the8eooiidj«ar'B course of study, but, in consideration of the time that had elapsed since they made ap plication to the church to be received as BtudeutB''of theology, and tbe ability dis played, as' well as the great diligence with which they had prosecuted their studios tho presbytery reeolved that, subject to the approval of the synod, the second courso should bo held as finished, and r.hnt- they fhould be passed ou to ths third yenr'R course of study, with which they are now ??ngnged. — Joseph Black, Theologic-il Tutor.' nXVEUSTONB MANSB. An application was received fr^ra the board of rn'.nngoniont of West Devon charge, asking leave to rmr't;ige tbo mmse at Ulverstone for £400, for Mifl pur pose of completing the earns, sai ?' mortgage to be covered by snle of glebe l)1 :tisii-iUs. The ITev. A. Doctor moved, and the Rev. A. VV. Kyd seconded --''.Pha*. by ho synod's authority and dinctiou the church trustees rai9u and borrow n uum uot exceeding £400, nniA mortgage llio whole of the lond, or any part thereof, and Mint the nvrnpyo so vaistd be paid to the managers of thfl West Devon Presbyterian Church, to be by l.h.-m cppliod in the erection of the mauso. This having been agreed to, the synod adjourned until p.m. AFTERNOON SBDKBUNT. Tbe synod resumed at 3 o'ckclc. PBSSBXTBHIAN ALLIANCE. The clerk read b letter rec. ivsd from tho general secretary of the London Presby teriin Alliance, in which a request wus mudo for a proportion of the sum of £100 which the London Council bnd agreed to contribute towards the expenses of the alliance It was decided that tho request bo granted. OHUBCH EXTENSION. On the subj.-ci of church extension, which was lully coueidtred, it woe agruud that an effort be made to rniso a ;um sufficient to provide for Sheffield, as previously ara;iigefl at a special meeting of synod :— Fingal, £G0; Swansea, £35; Circular Head, £25; Soroll aud U'Brion'a Bridgo ench to receiro £85. BKC0QN1TI0N OP SEBVICES. It was moved by the Rev. E. C. Tauuent — ' That the synod ohall murk its aeuee of the obligation due to the theologioil tutor, the Rev. J. Black, for his services in con nection with the training of the two pra sent candidcleB foi tho ministry, Mid his services in this respect in tho past, by granting him an honorarium of £25 from the b&lucce; in the hands of the general treasurer as a Blight ackucwludgcmeot of the very valuable teivices which he has rendered tho church in this re&pjet.;' Th' proposition was secixidad by the Itsv. tl. T. Hull and carried. 0H0H0H PHOPHBTY. Tub E,v. H. T. Hull moved -' That it be an instruction to the standing comrnittoe on ctiurch lands to prepare and bring up at the next annuil meeting of the uynod, a detailed list of the properties of ttin church showing by what titleB and iu what raun ner such properties nre heM.' The Rov. James Scott seconded the motion, which was carried, and it was ncreed that arrangements bn mart' that the deeds be kept at the solicitor's -.fnce, STO. EN18' ASSISTANCE FUND. It was ptopoted by the Kev. E. C. Ton nent, seconded by the Rev. Jis. bcott, and carried, ' that ic is highly desiirable that a fuud be forthwith originated for the train ing and assisting of men qualified for, and dpsirous of beenming students for the home or foreign ministry of tho Presbyterian Church of Tasmania, who may bo unr.blo to meet the expense of the long curriculum, such fund to db entitled 'The Presby terian Students' Scholarship Fund,' and to be controlled by the committee of higher education. Further, that such fund be initiated by a special donation of £20 from, 'the' balance of the interest of the deben ture fund, and supported by two annual lectures given by such ministers, and'.'u such places as the committee may appoint, backed by a strong appeal to ths sympathy and liberality of our adherents, and recom mended as a suitable object for legacies. And, lastly, that bucU fund be made avail able as soon ns its capital shall have reached £500. Provided also that it shall be applied, at the discretion of tbe com mittee, to the assisted education of those only who have witnessed a good and creditable confession of faith in Jesus Christ.' ADJOURNMENT. Upon the completion of otber business, the synod adjourned until Tuesday, March 3, 1893, in 8t. Andrew's Church, Hobart, at 3 p.m. 