What Is It ? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOME TIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL. ' No, I do not believe in ghosts,' said an old lady of great experience, ' but I do believe in the ministration of spirits.' This is not the age nor the country iu which tho supernatural flourishes. In terest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty, if the landlord is willing to knock off a portion of tho rent. There are many, however, who will ad mit the exoFtion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our actions. We are led to do things we should not do of our own violition — the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards ; then we wonder how we oame to do them. We are forced to learn that wordly wis dom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical nge results aro what people are looking after. They believe in what they see ; tho evi dence of tilings not seen is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he wants to get well ; lid cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. But if it docs not euro he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and in quire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some in fluence induces investigation before it is too lato. Mr. E. W. Edmbndson. of Melbourne, 'writes, 21st October, 1890 : — ' During tho past 16'years I have been ailing periodically from a sorious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my oomplaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing paiiiB in tho bock. I had ofton prolonged head aches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of tho kidneys and liver would bring about a more serious disease. Finally I triod the effects of Warner's eafo cure, and not till then did I experience any amelioration in my condition. The use of this medicine spoedily wrought a great change and four bottles effected a complete euro.' Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale Street, Melbourne, Bays :— '30th October, 1890— For somo years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congestion of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warners safe cure, of which I took ? four bottles, when tho acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion, of tho liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to. healthy action,' Kiama. Show opens, next Wednesday. S.A. — ASalvatian Army Officer Council is to bo hold in Nowra on 2nd, 3rd, and 4th February. Major Spratt, the Jivisjoj^al Officer, will attend. Tho income of the dis-United Kingdom is estimated at £1,300,000 per annum. To such base uses do wo come at last ! A Daniel O'Connell and a Harry Grattan are at present confined in Darlinghurst. The sickly humourist] of tho Sydney press have lately given us a lot of thread bare jokes and puns about New South Wales and her jersey. The Mudgee butter factories aro only lfd and 2d per gallon for milk. The dairy farmers there ought to find cheese making pay better than butter making at the prices here quoted for milk. Mr. W. U 'Court, M.P., has been pre sented with a good albert and pendant by tho maintenance men of the Berrima district in recognition of the services rendered by him in having obtained from tho Government the concession of eight hours as a day's work. The groat Von Moltke, at 90, risos at 5 o'clook, makes his own cup of coffoo over a spirit lamp, and busies himBelf with garden and farm till 10, when he takes a bowl of soup, or a biscuit with a glass of wine, for his second breakfast, after which he attends to his correspond ence and other business till 1. From 1 to 2 he lies down. At 2 he dines sparingly, and works again till friends drop in, with whom ho talks or walka till 8 o'clook tea, and at 10 he is in bed. Overdue Rates.— The much-vexed question of liability for overdue rates Sopped up in a case at tho Parramatta district Court on Wednesday before J udgo M'Farland. Tho municipality of Prospect and Sherwood sued the Cumber land Building, Land and Investment Company, Limited, for rates due on land over which tlie company held a mortgage. The company had previously paid 6s. 3d., rates due on the land, but since then it was discovered that other arrears existed. The land passed through various hands an j finally came into tho possession of a man named Boylan. It was argued for tho defendant company that the remedy should have been oxbausted against the owner. His Honor upheld this view and ordered a nonsuit. Catchv Advertising. — Advertising in these days has been reduced almost to a science. Yot while people read the daily papers, and glance in a more or less cur sory manner at the advertisement's, few have any idea of the thought and trouble required to get up a good 'catchy' advertisement, sai the man who can do so can always commands a good salary. Take the patent medicine men, for in stance, for they are the ones who mostly use this style of advertising. One huuse pays its man a salary represented by five figures, though for this he takes charge of the entire advertising of the firm, rocks, lithographing, papers, &c.; His general instructions are to this effect : 'Go ahead and advertise, but don't bother the firm.' And who shall say that these men do not do their work well Who has not started a most enter taining anecdote in his paper, and when just reaching Hie climax found Brown's Balsam, Smith's Salve, Robinson's Relief, or someone else's euro all, iu the vulgar language, ' sprung' on him. How mad the average mtn is when he finds himself sold. A patent man will ubb almost any thing—battle, murdor aud sudden death, suicide and shipwreck —anything and everything that can by any conceivable twists be made to refer, no matter how indirectly to his wares. And not only patent medicine men, but many others, for who would dream that the above is just a scheme to call your attention to 'Marvella' the most genuine neuralgia cure in the world, for which the enter prising Australian Drug Co. are sole agents. Any chemist will explain its use to you and sell you a bottle for 2s. * The bust REsisny for Indigestion.— Norton's Camqsuws P«.ls are confidently recommended as a Simple Remedy for Indigestion, which is the cause of nearly all the diseases to which we are subject. Norton's Pills, with justice called the 'Natural Strangthener of the Human Stomach,' act as n powerful tonic and gentle aperient, ate mi}d in operation, and safe under miy circumstances. . Sold in bottles, at Is, IU., 2s. 9d., lls., by all medicine Vendors throughout the World. 