ROUSE OF RIMMONZ A BTOAY OF TRU "BLACK COUNTRY , 8OuTH BTAPFoiOWLaW. BT JrENlE GWYNNl BETTANY, Anthor of At. rr Saanm's Two Lxaososzs," mTo. CAPTER LIS.--Ti PAIaN OF FBEEDOnM. :'After her mother's death and burial, Made line returned to Mr. Saltring's without any adristence on her father's part. It was agreed between her uncle and herself that she should not part suddenly from those who had be-* friended her in her sore need. Moreover, they determined not to be premipitate in letting the events which had occurred become known to their relatives, for Mr. lockingham well knew that nothing short of the most dexterous action would ensue for his niece any recognition by them. Besides the Saltrings, only one family was admitted into confidence, namely, the Towers; and that came about this way. Mr. IRokingham had resolved to make in quiries as to the places Pelbois had visited when he had come to Langton; and fortune so far favoured him that it was of Jody Waddy he chanced to inquire first. 1Early in the morning after his return from Manchester, he looked first on the church steps for Jody, who was indeed there, smoking his little dirty pipe. He touched his hat as the clergyman approached, and then waited for Mr. itockingham to address him. * "It's not worth swearing about, Jody, put in the clergyman. " It's a plain question, and requires only a plain answer." " Have you seen a strange, foreign-looking gentleman about here anywhere ?" Mr. Rock wngham asked. " An' if I haven't," responded Jody, solemnly looking upwards, " may the Lord- *: Well, then," resumed Jody, in a tone Which implied that he was quite ready to give the plain answer required, but that he perhaps took the word in a wrong sense, " he wor the datnedest tongue- ' " "That isn't quite what I meant," explained Mr. tookingham. " Do you happen to know whom he came to see 1"' "It might ha' been me," replied Jody, Bhaking his shaggy head, "by the way as he called me ' my friend,' when he ought to ha' knowed, too, as I'd rather be friends with a polecat, or my missis yonder, than 'im. I've never been well sin' he wor here, and I'm feared as he wished me ill." .." Well, well," said Mr. Rockingham, grow ingimpatient under this tirade, for he felt sure he referred to Pelbois, as in a place like Langton a foreigner was so rare a visitor. " What was he like ?" "I don't know," answered Jody. I couldn't abide to look at 'im. He looked black enough, I know that; an' he pulled a hat over his face, hiedid, an' he asked me to show 'im the way to Doctor Towers's, an' then had the face to gramble at the road. Au', O Lord, don't I wish I had the burying of'im; he wor the ag.ravatinest furriner-" -Jody, to his utter surprise. found himself left at this pointby the clergyman. He looked after him as he disappeared down the road, with a fixed eye of disapproval. ' Oh!" he exclaimed, "I thought he wanted toknow about it, but it's like 'em all--they all leave me to talk to the ghosteses. I ain't sure the ghoeteses ain't better to talk to : they don't snap a man's nose off in a-answerin' of 'em, the ghosteses don't. Old Betty might, but she ine't a right and proper ghost, to my mind, an' she couldn't walk for a good while afore she died, so I don't suppose '"or ghost can walk." A'ndthe old man filled his dirty pipe again. It We a habit of his to haul about a spade, as another man might have done a stick, as a iark of office. He had got his spade now. -Heonly knew one song, and that was appro priate tohis office; and between his puffs he sand it now, though he hadn't the faintest potion of keeping in tune, and had considerably mutilated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain he liked best was- \- " I'eeobried 'em deep, and my duty I've done; and one line, referring to the numbers the ravedigger of the song had buried, always brought to his face an individual smirk. Once In singing this song at the Bull's Head, when a llttletheworse for drink, he had remarked to :ne of his companions-no, not companions, for he had none-but to one of those seated beside the same fire with himself at that time, a If there'd only come a pestilence, as they talk of in the church, an' I could 'ave the -uryin' of 'em, I believe I wouldn't mind dyin' 'At the end of it myself. When I know as I've 'buried more than any other sexton, my duty 3I have done." - 'Mr. Rockingham was far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides had carried him to the o?rner house, inhabited by the doctor and his 3amily. Doctor Towers had always had a friendly feeling for Mr. Rockingham, because blehed never taken advantage of his priesthood to inquire into private affairs, so be was always Weloome when he called. The tiny sittingroom was empty when Mr. Rockingham entered it, and sat down on one of the chintz.covered chairs, and looked down the street through the small window. The doctor was just starting out on his first aound, but he came at once to Mr. Rocking ham. " You are just going out, I fear," he began, a and what I have come about cannot be put In a nutshell. Had I not better walk with "'If you don't mind," said the doctor, "I shonld be very glad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to see early. There's a good deal of sickness about." The clergyman took his hat and put it on, as thesign that hewas ready, and hlie andthe doctor passed out of the door, and had soon left the straggling village behind. -" I hope you will net think," began the clergyman, with some diffidence, " that what lam going to say is undue interference with aur affairs. It you will have the patience to hear me, you will see that at any rate I am asdeeply implicated as any one can be in the affair of which I am going to speak, and my onlymotive'is to liberate you, if possible, from whatmust be, if mysurmises are correct, a ost bitter bond. A man who has caused me the bitterest trouble my life has known s, I "nd, also connected with your house." The doctor's great cheat heaved, and his jiercing eyes caught all the expression of the -ergyman's face as bespoke. S"The name of your mar-ied sister is the same as that of the man I have alluded to. I have traced the man to your house." The doctor's face became very pale. "Will you tell me in the soame friendly spirit in which I ask, if that man ever professed to marry your sisterP?" "He did marry her," replied the doctor, hoarsely. " Canyou give me the date " "It was February, 18-." "You are sure of that?" "I have reason enough to be sure." Rlisblked by ?strea aranmemonseat wano wa Leook, med Ce, nbl'sr. ~234, " Then," said the clergyman, I am, indeed, messenger of good to you. s4 How can you bei" "He is not your sister's husband." "Explsain yourself." Slie married my sister before that date." The doctor stood still in the road. The clergyman also stopped. The two men looked at each other, a now moeaning in each face. What a bond there is in a common sorrow! That interchanged look made these two men brothers, ýiStrango, passing strange!" said Towers. "cHow canu I rejoice in your proeouce? I feel a if you had taken my place ki a prieon.cell. All the rest is small," ho added, thinkingof his sister, "compared with her bearing his name and being has wife. That he had betrayed, ' ruinedher, seems nothing to it. At least she is still mine, and need never trouble herself about him again." " How you must have suitered, ' responded the clergyman sadly, "to have learnt your lesson so well I too have had to learn that the case is less wretched when a beloved one is cheated and ruined by a bad man, than when he hu the right to call her his property, and bid her go and come, and none are able to help or forbid.. When I saw Polbois he told me he had been somiewhere after money. Have you. indeed been paying him to leave to you what was not his to claim ?" •" That is the whole story." "Then it is over, and I have been a messenger of good after all." ' You have indeed; you have removed the shadow thatcovered orhou se. Deathremoved one; you have removed the other. If things like this happen to me. I shall believe there is a God of mercy afterahl, The clergyman did not begin, as some very young curates would have done, to attempt to prove to this man of science the existence of a God of mercy. Mr. RIockingham confined his preaching to the pulpit; moreover, he was far.sighted enough to see that Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he had given one little glance up. ward, and his eyes were swimming with tears. " They walked on a little further, and the doctor said, " You have been so very kind to me, and made yourself so close a friendby what you have done, that it cannot be wrong in me to ask you if your sister is beyond the reach of that "She is beyond the roach of that man,beyond the reach of everyone. Man could not freeher, so God did it:" and he added, as if determined to be thoroughly frank with this man, whom he had respected all along, and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering "My sister had a daughter. She is with me. So God has not left me entirely desolate." The doctor looked inquiringly. " You must guess it already. Madeline is my niece, but I do not wish it to be known at present. I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer inm justice at their hands. She must not go to I them or be known to them unless in her right ful position." "Pride is a hard dictator at times." re marked Dr. Towers, with a sigh. " That is true," replied the vicar, " and my I family I have found as hardas ever, even when I took my poor darling's remains to their resting-place on the family vault. But I have a plan in my head that shall right Madeline, I and until then she shall remain at Mrs. Salt. I ring'e as before, which she is very willing to l Moremight have been said, but the doctor's time was of importance, and they were at the gate of the house he was to visit first. Dr. Towers was so light hearted when he entered his patient's room, so very chatty, that the very sight of him produced a good effect: and when he had left that house and I was once more in a country lane, he found himself unwontedly singing. Then when 5 at last he was at liberty to return home to his I usual early dinner, he made eome purchases of I special dainties in the village, out of their I reach hitherto, and sent them on before him to herald the approach of better fortune. Miss Towers took in the basket herself when it arrived, and called her sister's attention to it. I " What can be the meaning of his spending all this money?" said Madame Pelbois, as we E shall continue to call her. "These things must 9 be so expensive. It's so early in the season." a "I tell you what it ir," said Amy, putting her thin hands together tightly, "we are some. c how in luck." "Very much so, indeed," said Dr. Towers, 3 coming upon them. " We shall be hereafter as s other people, peaceful and unmolested. Isn't I that something?" c The two poor ladies looked almost scared. i What could they think? He took each by an e arm and led them into the little sitting-room, and closed the door. 1 "Gisand ," he said, "I declare for the first I time this room does seem to be horribly small and inconvenient." His sisters dared not speak. They were 5 almost afraid of this mood of his. The doctor I was only amused by the fear in their faces, t and tantalisingly went on, holding bad news t as it were high above their heads. t "What do you say to the gabled white house, Asmy?" "The gabled white house! Mr. Richard- . son's house ?" '"Not Mr. Richardson's now," said the 1 doctor, his face smiling all over. "Don't you think it would sunit us i" " Why do you talk of such things," answered Louisa deprecatingly, "when you know they are quite out of our reach?" "Out of our reach they were," replied the f doctor, " so long as other people spent our money for us; but not so if our income were our own. Weohave never been short of income, but others have spent it for us; that has been it, and that is all ended." "Itois dead!" exclaimed Madame Pelbois with agasp. "Then he is dead'!" "Dead to you, my Louisa, for ever and over," I said the doctor, taking her face, so thin and careworn, between his two large hands. "He I is dead to you. He is to you as if he had never lived. Yor have had a bad dream, that is all. ! None of it has ever been," he went on, look ing with glowing eyes at the pale face he held. " We must all believe that." "Tell us what you have heard, at once," insisted Amy. " You have heard something; tell us the meaning of it all." " My love," said the doctor, " there is nothing to tell but this. Louie is your. own, very own sister just as if she had never gone away; no one else has any right over her. There is no' more to tell than that. He has been a villain to you, Louie; but it is all over. He has no right over you; he never had. tHe dare not trouble us again. He was a married man at the very tim?·-" He did not finish his sen tence, and it was not needed. It was all understood now. Perhaps the doctor would not have looked so disappointed when Lomsa showed no sign of pleasure had he weighed more carefully the difference between his position and hers. He had looked for a wild outburst of joy from both his sisters at the news he had communi. cated, and it was received in dead silence. The doctor had not made allowance enough for the physical and mental degeneration which comes so often to women who sit at home and suffer, while the happier men go forth to work. They had not the power left in themo to suddenly rejoice at anything, but they had that inuate fear and suspicion that come of such experience, and could not allow their minds to trust that they had at last sure ground beneath their feet. When the doctor saw the cold and apa thetic way in which they received the news, his heart sank into a depressieon for the time being as deep as that which had been his for years until that morning. In his depression he began to ask himself whether the news he had heard was true, whether he had been too hasty; whether, in fact, their trouble was over; and he felt that nothing could remove this torture of mind but some positive proof. So with a kind of prophetic impulse, he said to his sisters, "You don't re aliso it. I will fetch you proof ;"and went out. As he spoke the words thoey were echoed bhck to him as if some one else; had spoken them; and a great courage welled up within him. He was not going to seek proof ; he was going to fetchl it; and naturally enough his feet took him into the vicarage. Ite was not long there; and when he came out with, if anything, a more buoyant look on his face than he had worn in the mnorning, our worthy sexton accosted him with - SHas a fever broke out, DIoctor Towers ?" "Not that I know of," answered the doctor, not wisbing to be interruplted. "O lord," said Jody, disconsolately, "I thought there wor; you look so jolly glad. And he added, explanatorily, "other folk's troule's yours and my blcessin', ain't it, doctor ? Folks die so we can lije, don't they?" "I don't "at my living by killing people,'" responded toe doctor snappishly, and w:ilked on, with his hand pressed against his side, where his pocket was, as if hlie had a pain in it. He banged open his door, to the serious damage of the lock, fut what of that ? He would not be there long, he know. He found the letters where he had left them. "If you want proof," he said, " look here." It was a boua.:ide copy of a marriage certificate. "It's true, Louisa." said Amy. " You were never married to him at all;" and she began to feel something of her brother's gaiety of spirit. "VWhere is your womanhood, Amy," cried Madame Polboei bitterly, " that you triumphin I my disgrace? If I am not his wife, what am I ? A disgraced being, fit only to creep to a corner, and hide, and die." " Why should you die, because you have a boon deceived?" replied her brother. "After all, is not anything better than to know your self the property of that mana" S "At the cost of being no longer an honest d woman," rejoined Louisa, with bitter irony. "I am to have my freedom from him at that I price." a "Look her," saidthe doctor, striking the' table with his heavy flet till it shoolk. "Let . me hear none of that society cant about honest I women. Is society your God to judge you ? I believe," he went on, with an energy that caused the little room to vibrate, " that all this a world's judgments will be reversed in another. There can be no disgrace where there is no sin." "But I live in the world, and what will the world call me when they gotto know?" "Con it matter whit the world calls you, when it called the greatest and purest being Sthat over lived, blasphemer? Hold up your head, and do not fear. Give the lie to any word, by your look. Integrity is stronger than slander, lnd silent truth invulnerable against buy lice. I promise you, you shall have no tins to dwell on this; you shall be up and doing. I mean to take the white hous I spoke of; not to leave you in it all day when I'm away, though. I shall do what olr. Saltriog lon ago recommended; Ishall have a carriage, nd you shall go out wite me; and you can't think abouint everything all at once." Louisa only looked more melancholy at all this, said to cheer her. She would have to learn like a child how not to be miserable ; and it threatened to be as hard a lesson as any she had ever had to learn. The doctor, however, was sanguine. Nothing seemed to check the audden flow of his spirits since he had had the proof. And before long the white house scheme was carried into execution, much to the general satis. faction of the Langtonians, who looked ujion the doctor ea their property, and his respecta. bility as in some way or other reflected.' on them 'OHAPT1Lt st.-KeazzAsereAxS. ".Mamma," said Lucy Beredith, oIdokinfg up from some work she 'was doing, "I can't be quite happy, for Rupertlooks so sad. Ithought at least we should be happy - today, when to. morrow we are to be married}".' "You cannot o poet him to look happy, my dear, until it is all over. It is afterwards you may hope to make him happy, and then you must not expect everything to happen min a I wouldn't so much mind, if I coulofeiel sure it would come right afterwards." a "Nobody can know the future," Lks. C Beredith r plied; " it is wollthey can't. You'll t be all right, so long as you do not demand too much of a man who has had his experience. He can't help growing to love you, Lucy. I am snre he wna beginning to love you before hen saw ICeziah. If you are always kind and gentle, and willing to lot him le gloomy and silent and never look gloomy and silent your.-h self because of it, I will answer for it it will be as happy a marriage as anyone could desire." And he good lady thought in her own mind, and it ay be forgiven her, that Lucy was, atter all, so much more lovable and more suit able to be Dr. Elvorthy's wife than leziah. " You see, my dear," she went on "vou will go right away fron England, and be seeing new things. There will be nothing to remind him of Eunland and trouble; and enjo ing things together is sure to prove a great tie. Lucy smiled, though not very happily. t "But what if," she said, with hesitation, "it should all prove wrong afterwards? What can it wedo thena?" Mrs. Beredith held up her white fat hands h deprecatingly. "Those are only morbid h fancies," she said, "foolish, morbid fancies. Yhen I married your father, I wondered h whether we ahould get on, and all that sort of thing, and what could happen if we did not. But we got on all right, and were the best of friends, though it wasn't exactly a love match.' o And her eyelids trembled a little, and her ample - bosom heaved. " But, you see, papa had never loved any. body but you." "lut I had loved some one else," replied her mother, and seeing Lucy's astonished look, she gathered her upron up, with her work in it, and abruptly changed the subject. "We'll seej if Eliza has finished those things, so that we can fasten up that box, at any rate. You had t better come up and havothem tried on; or elsew you may find some difticulty when you got y away. You won't find your buttons come off: I've aewn them on. But if anything should a come undone, don't forget that thellittlo sandal. wood box in the corner of the tin trunk has got hi everything for mending in it. When I went G away with your poor p:epa to Scotland, I never got tothe bottom of one of my boxes; and h part of a flounce came off a puce dress I had, cuite a favourite of your poor papa's ; and we l couldn't got any sit. to match it, to mend it with, and I was so vexed that none had been st put lnto my box. And when I came back and the boxes were unpacked, there was plenty of that silk at the bottom of one; so my advice to you is, unpack your boxes when you get a away, and see what you've got. But you won't have much trouble, because the odds and ends are not spread about as mine were, and alle, the mending things are together in the sandal ti box: and other little boxes have each a label on them, so you can know what's in by look. fug outside. When I went away I was always unwrapping or undoing the wrong thing, and yon sha'n't have any of that trouble. But come now, leave what you are doing, and we'll see if the bodices fit. Dear, dear," she said, in going upstairs, " I hope Miss Richards won't be long before sending those dresses; you'll o have to go without them if she's much longer; u for'I'm quite determined no box shall be left to be closed tomorrow morning. None of my boxes were closed the night before, when I went away, and everybody was in such a dread. o ful flurry on the morning that they didn't get s half fastened up: and when we got to Carlisle, they just threw my boxes out of the van on to h the platform-those porters are so careless-and one was quite open when I came up to it and it was so full that your poor papa and two i porters had to sit on it to igt It to shut again, and all the people laughsd; and then it 3 wouldn't lock, because the lock was broken; and your poor papa had to give five shillings to a porter to get some cord of his own and do it up. Oh, the way your poor papa threw about the mnosy ! Ruport won't do that,b I guess." " hey were now standing in Ltucy's room, which was in a pretty disorder. Nsot a chair, not a table, but held its treasure of beautiful garments made for this important event. Therem were far more than could have been necessary; but asa child has never too many dresses for sits doll, nso the mothorcan never get enough dreses r herdaughter whois oing tob orrie' "Loou k Lacy, sluidkerinaeredith, droppings on her knees in front of one of the open boxes ; "allthe linen is together in this box. I think it muc better that you should have all of one kind of thing together. Mine was dlymied a up when I went away." Shetook no notice thaot Lucy did not reply I to anything she was saying. It was but natural that the chdsd should be quiet. There could be t nothingremarkable in that. The bodiceas were next fitted, and proving satisfactory, took their place in one of the boxes. " Who is that coming upstairs ?" said Lucy, t when she was pu'ting on her dress egsin. " How can I tell, my dear?" replied Mrs. 1 Beredith. "IBut host tcared you Io k! You 1 shouldn't allo o'yurslf to get so nervous." Mirs. Beredith might have admonished her- I self on the saome subjeta momentlater, for she uttered a wild cry. In the doorway stood Keziah. with a face so white, eyes so un- s naturally dark, and a manner so agitated, thati anyone mieht have fg en forgiven for being frighmene.at signht of her. . Lucy trembled like asaspn. Kezinha stared at them both like an animal at bhay; then at all the prepareations. Her wild eyes took in eovery. thing. With a sudden movement she placed herself before Lucy, and was clutching her at arm's length. " Lucy," she sid, you cannot do it. You ( must not do it. You dare not do it!" a Lucy had such a terrified look in her face that her mother interposed. " Keziah, " she said, "it is not kind, it is not generous of you to come like this." "It is, it is," cried Keozih, looking wildly into Lucy's face, and not at all at Mrs. fere dith. "I know what it is, Lucy. You have no right to do it'" "Kreziab," said Mrs. Iloredith, pitilessly, "I must beg you to leave my child." " Oh, ao, ns, no," cried Kecish, " I will nver let her go, I will never leave her, till she has promised never to commit this sin against me. Luecy, he is not yours, he is mine, mine,"a she cried, f- ing up her arms, "you know he is mine. ied knows he is mine.' Lucy opened her pale lips, and a voice spoke from between tlecm, that neither of the others would have recognised. It was at Koeiah she was looking, but to her mother shs spoke. "Se is quite right," she aeed. " I thought it could never come to pass." And then her form swayed, and she would have fallen on the floor, but for Kiezish; she was (uite senseless in her "Lay her down," shrieked Mm. lerodith, "you have no right to touch her. It was an evil day you ever came to this house, Keziah IHackbit." And she fell to chafing her diughter's hands, unloosing her things, and performing all the other offices usual on such 0ocasions. Lucy's eyes opened, and they fell on a white satin dress that hung ou.a sheet.overed chair. Her brow was oontracted painfully, and seh said with great effort, "Take them all out of my eight, mamma. Never lot me see one of them again, as you love me." Mrs. Berodith groaned, eand looking fixedly at ?Keziah, who was holding to a bed-post, she besans to rain abuse upon her. " Look what you have done, and perhaps your cruel heart will be satisfied. Oh, I would not be you for all the world, to have made so many people miserable as you have. Wherever you have been you have brought sorrow, and all of your own choosing and willing. It were you, IKeziah, I would go to the uttermost parts of tho earth and hide myself. You are a very heartless, wicked girl." Iheziah's great eyes stared at Ar.s. 1leredith, like those of a child who is beaten, it knows not what for. Her face was rigid, and one little hand was so tightly shut by her side that the mark of every nail was left in the pink palm. She looped her hold of the bedstead, and moved her hands desolately and helplassly before her. "What can I say? -What can. I do?" said poor Keziah. "Nobody will believe any good of me, I know. Perhaps,"-sho added, bursting into a passionate flood of tears, "if I had had a home like Lucy's, and a different bringing up altogether, I shouldn't have done all I have. But it's no matter. Oh," she cried, in a'hoartbroken tonn, "if I had never wanted to do what was right at all, I might have been happier. Everything has always gone contrary with me; I will give up trying. Oh, I hope no one will over like me at all any more; then I shan't make them miser. able. Oh, God," shel exclaimed with a sudden energy, "I wish I had never been born; it wasn't worth while." Anyone who could have seen her at that moment would have pitied her -except Mrs. Beredith; and how could she be expected to do so, with her own child lying desolate upon her breast, undone by Koeziaf ? "You were always so headstrong." cried. Mrs. Beredith, roughly. "You would never be advised." "Who ever tried? You don't know, you don't know, Mrs. lBoredith, what it is to be ob liged, whether you like it or not, to judge and act for yourself when you are ever, ever so young, and to have no one care what you do because they like you; it makes yoa head strong." "I am sure you had a chance when you came here," said Mrs. Beredith, unbendingly. "I know it," replied Keziah, humbly. "But I couldn't change my nature all in a minute. Ah," she said, a bitter smile paassng over a white face, " those things that are hammered in hard stick fast, and if you pull them out the mark is loft. I don't know," she continued, '" why I was made with so many carners, and with so much wish not to have hny. It doesn't go together, not at all." "You could always talk," rejoined Mrs. Beredith, "and wisely enough, no doubt. But all your acts have been foolish, all of them." " It is quite true," said Keziah, with an evident over-willingness to own herself in the. wrong. "I have come here now to try and t undo some of it." "A nice way to undo it," retorted Mrs. , Beredith, hotly. " You come to seek for your. i self, and to make my child desolats-she who a loved him all along, better, much better, than you did. How didshe treat you ? You are t proud. You have often enaid so. You don't like it to be said that. he threw you off, and t married another. " Do you think," broke out Keziah, hotly, in her turn, " that that is what I have come for ? Do you think I would have come at all, had I believed he would have been happy with her, or she with him F' " He would have loved her if he had niarried her," said Mrs. Beredith, caressing the white face that lay upon her bosom;' " wheh he was bound to her, and it was his duty.to think of: no other." " Oh, Mrs. Deredith," cried Keziah, with a face that spoke of experience, " duty and possibility are so far apart sometimes. Love does not come after marriage that. has not been there before." " You know nothing about it," haid Mrs.: Beredith, "nothing at all." " Perhaps I know more than most," rejoined a Keziah, " about that." " I suppose Dr. Elworthy knows nothing; then," replied Mrs. Beredith, indignantly. "He was neither blind nor mad when he proposed to my daughter." " Yes," answered Keziah, in a soft voice, and very sadly, " he was both blind and mad. Ihave trodden this dark path. I could not let him tread it too. iHe is my husband before God: no one has aright to take him frem me. Lucy," she said, suddenly, kneeling down by her side, " can you forgive me ?" " Oh, don't," said Mrs. Beredith, as if she could not bear to hear it. " Let me kiss you before I go ; I may never ii see you again," begged Koezih, in an enticing ii tone, so fullof pathos, few could have resisted it. f " You will kiss mer' she repeated. The girl turned her face nearer to her mother, away from Keziab, and moaned: "''Some day, t perhaps: I cannot now." Keziah looked once more at the mother. It was of no use to ask any mark of reconcilia t tion from her, so she left the room and gently c closed the door behind her. CHAPTER LXI.--ItES AT LAST. a About 7 o'clock the same evening Mrs. c Boeredith's front-door bell rang, and Dr. E Elworthy was announced. t Mrs. Beredith sent down a message that she r was unable to see him. This he interpreted in a sense far from the true one. It was, after all, e not to be wondered at on the evening before she was to lose her daughter. But be wrote upon a carl, " I most earnestly beg that you will see meo." lie expected that on receipt of this she would forthwith make her oppoaraneo, flurried, per. haps, and peevish, from being forced against her will. But it was some little time before she a came. Her eyes were red and swollen. Elworthyat once noted this, and attributed I it to the prospective loss of her child. She just looked once at the doctor, and saw that something was wrong with him too.. She, who had seen him through his worst times of i trouble, could not recollect a single occasion when he had looked so ill and wretched as t he did now. Shealmost softenedtowards him I for a moment. " How ill youlook !" she said. " Mrs. Beredith," he began, advancin- to- j wards her with his chin upon his breast, ' lam come to prove myself a villain. But you must forgive me, for you will be the gainer." lie instantlh perceived she did not under stand him. ie would have to speak more plainly. " i who ought to be happy, am perhaps of all men meeost miserable. In the eleventh hour I come, as I have said, like a villian, to beg for my release." 'Mrs. Beredith had one shock, but shehad not expected this tofollow it. "So you have seen her i" was her reply, in a biting tone. " Seen her !" cried Elworthy, throwing back the hair from his brow with a desperate im patience. i No, I have not. I may never see her again. Dut I cannot so wrong your daughter as to bind her to me, when with 1 my whole being I love another woman to dis traction." " You might at least have found all this out before," exclaimed Mrs. Beredith, shaking from head to foot. "I deserve all you can say to me," he answered. "But, believe me, I have tried to do it. I have tried not to break faith, but it I weas not in human nature. You have seen my I anguish and my temptation, my hopeless misery for love of that woman, which is a i strong to-day as ever it was. Can you not pity me, a very little perhaps, but still pity me Anid perhaps make Lucy know some time how I thanked her in my heart for her goodwill i towards me, and respected her, and would die at this moment could I undo the sorrow I have cnaused to her and to others ?" Mfrs. Beredith turned her head, and cast I down her eyes, while she moved one foot up and down the carpet. " She will not talk about dying," rejoined Mrs. Meredith at lost; " she will do it. Oh, 1 why could you not have let us alone when we were happy, when the poor child had taught herself not to think of you ? It was very, very cruel ot you. She has not deserved it of you." " No, she has not deserved it," said Elworthy, compassionately. "I have called myself a villain. If you knewu a worse epithet, I would usoit now. Mrs. Boredith, hear me, try and hear me. God is my witness that I have tried to fufil my word to Lucy. That is why I appear in so much worse a liuht in coming at the eleventh hour to break faith with her." At the words" break faith withll her," Mrs. Beredith froze again. " You might have spared yourself the trouble, Dr. Elworthy," she said ; " Lucy would not have married you. There is a letter on its way to your house now to tell you so." And then she made half a movement, as if to end the interview. ItI looked at her with an accumulated amazement in hirs face, as if this thing were quite beyond his comprehension. " Lucy is ill," went on the lady. " I must beg that you will leave me, that I may go to her." IHisheartsmote him at these words. "She 1 has soon my trouble," he thought, "' and-as released me voluntarily." I" How shall I speak ' he said. "How ball I exproes my gratitude to her for her noble act in releasing me of her own accord ? Next to her, who is indeed a part of my very being, Lucy LBerodith ranks among women. Some day, along time hIenc?, peot.. .?- :-, be able to tell her so. " Do not mistake the estuatto?s, Dr. Elworthy," said the mother, with a terrible offortevident in her manner. " It is this other woman who has done it,..and not my poor child. It is Koziah Ha. bit who has been her" 1tse near at these words "beat soviolently he could hear it. He thought Mrs. Moredith must hear it too. He cried in a frenzied tone, hysterical laughter breaking from him with these. words, ' She has been bore! She! 0 my love, my love !" He quite forgot he was standing in the presence of the mother of the other girl who loved him, and whom he was forsaking. His cheeks, that had grown so sunken and pale, were flushed with excitomept. Wild laughter again and again broke from him, and then the tears, hot and large, rapidly chased each other down his cheeks and he repeated again and'again: " She came here ! he did Ohmy brave girl, my. own Koesah l All this was more than Mre. leredith could boar. She fled from the rdbm, and he did not seem to notice that he was alone. When he did perceive it, however, it was the work of a moment to take his hat, which he hadput down on the table, and to rush from the place ii an ecstacy of uncontrollable joy. Heo understood what ouch an act meant. Koziah had come, and prevented him marrying another. He sped along the streets by instinct rather than anything else, till he reached his own house. He entered the surgery, where Gerald Harwyn was making an entry nsa book. Elworthyin two strides crossed the surgery to where Gerald IIarwyn was standing at the desk, and soizing his hands, the one with the pen as well as the other, knocked over the ink without noticing it in the least, and shook Gerald's hands until his coat sleeves were per forming the office of blnttiew naer in the sool upon the book. " Gerald, my boy, baongratulate me ! the ' happy ever after' time of the story has come. A deuced long time it's been coming." " Icongratulate you," said Gerald, in his own mind fearing his poor friend had oat his wife.t Dut tell me w~hat for." "Can you ask ' You, a man of your intel ligence, can ask such a thing V There is but one ' happy ever after' to my story." " Well, well," said Gerald, not understand ing. " If you'll stop mopping up that ink with my coat sleeves, and sit down and toel me all about it, I shall be btter able to judge how much right you have to congratulations.' " te'sheen toher !" said Elworthy, laughing bo rrously. " She's - been -- to - her," repeated Gerald, checking the words off on his fingers. " Who has been to whomn? IIangit, man, be a little more explicit." "Koziah, of course," replied Elworthy. "She's been to Lucy and put it all right. I. couldn't stand it any longer; so, after I had seen the last patient, I went round there to beg Lucy to free me. You know I should have sinned against her if I had married her." " Hang it if I can understand what you have to rejoice so much about !" said Gerald, hotly. "It's very heartless of you, and very selfish, to be thin, king so much of yourself, when you have made that sweet girl so miserable. It was a dastardly trick of yell." "I .wasahd when I did it, you know I was, Gerald; -butl pray Lucy may forgive me." "Some kinds of madness ought to be punish able, I think," said Gerald, applying blotting paper to his sleeves and the page of the book. "I think I have been punished for every icind of punishable madness, then," returned Elworthy. Gerald went on grimly mopping up the ink.. " Why didn't you do sa' told you, and tell her at once, and dottlet her go on till the very day before the wedding, and then break off with her. It is a sneaking trick." "I know it is. Go ahead, old man. Pitch into me ns much as you like. Nbthing could make me miserable, now I know she loves me gnouh to have done that." - ."bHas she been there to.dei " lnquircd Girald. " ..', - ;'t "Yes, to-day. I wonder iflshe has loft Leamington," he added, consulting his watch. "Of course they have." - '?Well, there's another train yet. ' The train I am going by. They may not ha v'gone.' "W'bhy, there's a horse coming round," said Gerald, "Why, it's yours, and a boy bringing it!" " Oh," exclaimed Elworthy, with a burstof joyous laughter, "L left it fastened to the -erodiths' pailings." "I wish to goodness you hadn't knocked this ink over. I don't know for my life now whether it's Juno or July or August theose cases are do n for." "They'll let you know when the time comes,' said Elworthy. "Anyhow, I'm off." And he took- his hat again, and -went to the railway station. The train for Manchester was waiting, but not ready to start, lIe ran the length of the train. Snugly ensconced in a first-class carriage, sat Kezmah, and by her side was her uncle David, comforting her. Elworthy did not speak to her. He rushed and got his ticket, then quietly stepped into the carrage as the train was moving ff; and taking her little hands in his, spoke not one word; but they looked into each other's eyes, and were at rest. Poor David, who was always being startled in one way or another, stared out of the window and blew his nose, with astonishing persistency considering he had not a cold. CHAPTER LXI1.-WIr D AS uHe POLES Aec?NDoR. As Keziah particularly Wished that her happy wedding should take place from the same house which had witnessed her ill-fated union to Hack bit, and as Mr. Rimmon eagerly welcomed any plan which allowed of his showing his newly. acquired furniture to a festive party, Dr. Elworthy was persuaded to appear at Jumley in the character of abridegroom. But woe should not dwelf upon any incidents connected wetn this wedding, were it not that Madeline had been specially pressed to come with Mrs. Salt ring from Langton, and had yielded after much solicitation, being quite ignorant that Rimpler resided at Mr. Rimmon's. Even iimplors do not know everything that concerns them; and Silas happened never to hoar Miss Orme's name as one of the invited guests, and failed to learn that she had actually arrived, for he had taken up his qluarters temporarily at thehotel. H~o undsertook as largo a portion as possible of the outside arrange monts for the wedding, and had even refused to sit down at the wedding-breakfast, that he might see that everything was sent mn in due order, and thatthere should be no delay with the carriages. He had, however, dropped in after Koeziah went upstairs, when the carrioge was standing at the door; and had drunk to Keziah in her absence. It was at this point that Mladeline and Mrs. Saltring suddenly went out of the room. No one thought anything of this; at a wedding breakfast somebody not unfrequontly goes out, at omeone stage or other, overcome; and the generalattention was drawnaway from Madelino and Mrs. Saltring's exit by the extraordinary expression of countenance Miss Doreasput on at the entrance of Mr. Ilimpler. There was no mis. taking the look; it was one of mingled hatred, malice, contempt, and defiance, which only some faces can combine in one x opression. Every body saw the look, including hMr. Rimpler him self, who was clover enough to show no sign of it, but in consequence had to concentrate his attention in such a manner that he did not notice who went out of the room. Mr. Rimpler had made a sort of programmo for the entertainmenttof the wedding guests, at lr. Rimmon's suggestion. After breakfast the whole party was to be driven to Ang ton Park, the sest of Lord Jumley; and at a pretty country inn on the outskirts of this park, a dainty lunch had been ordered for 2.30. The day was a glorious one, as if to favour this scheme; and Kozish had scarcely been waved off before two carriages arrived for this expedition. To every one's surprise, and to the great annoyanca of some, Maduline begged not to be one of the party. Mrs. Saltring omould say noth' ingl in explanation, thoegh she did her best that would content the others. The drive wouhli do Madeline good. Madellne must come; asdeshe, poor girl, withthe face of alabaster, at length consented to go. Mr. Rimplcr had made inquiries about Madeline sino encountering her at the Salt rings'. and had recently wormed it out of some one who knew, that she was Mr. Ilockingham's niece. He could hardly have told why, but Sthis feature in the case made him appear to himself a worse villain. It wa, not then on the daughter of an ordinary music-hall singer that he had practitol his fraud. Such persons were used to that sort of thing, he thought. But it was a lady, of noble descent, who had been sacrificed by a direct inmposition on her own good nature andi unselfliahness. Lot it not be inferred, however, that Rimpler included any other than this one act of his life under the denomination of villainy; tho rest was all fair play. Where there were fools, there must be kInaves, he considered. It was a provision of nature which would improve the race, sooner or later, by sharpening the said S-fooles-IL..the lnave's grindstones. He had often argued this in his own mind, as an oecu I pation mn the dark, at his window. -It zesoly t nature, Mr. IImpler would think; everything is linked to everything else in nature. What a , peat the fliwould no, if it wore not for the spiders to eat them up. So with many other . disagreeablo things, nature provided a check to the undue multiplication of fools. Then was it his fault that he had been chosen an instru. ment to this latter end? Not at all. It was a merit rather. The human race had much to thank him for, and those like him. Ire had heard somewhere that physical qualities, even organs, degonerated, and were ultimately lost under persistent disuse. The wits of even the wise, if not exercised to defeat the knaves, would thus degeoerate, no doubt. lie was a universal beonefactor. le roused fools from their apathy, and exercised the wits of the wise, and in the process Considerablly sharpened Ihis own. It was not for anything of this kind that he should call himself a villain. But Madeline had not been a fool. She had been caught by reason of her own goodness and nu solfishne~s and had been renudered wretched. It was clear the past could not be altered by any amount of cursing and reviling. Hetook out his pocket-book, in which war have seen hint make entries; and wrote upon a leaf in it, in Italian, of which lunguagoheskney'fMadolino to be mistress: "Be at ease. I usee you recog nize mue. I am too much: aehamsld of myself over to press my acquaintanoe upon vau. F send this only that you may be sure t?i, lsbhall treat you as a stranger on all occasions when we-may chance to meet, which is the least I can do to make reparation." He had written this, and had folded it up hand palmed it, when he found they were very near to the little inn; and lihe began to mentally gather himself together to form some quick and undotectabloplan of convoying Iis little note to Madeline's hand. In his usual cool fashion,.he dismounted when the carriage stopped, and i gracefully helped out Mrs. Saltring before iMr. Itimmon had even thought of alightinhg. lie next gave his hand gravely to Muadelile, who trembled a good deal. HIe appeared profoundly t unconscious of this, and wore his gravest look. INo detective could have imaginedi if he hail I looked at Mr. Rimplor's countenance, that lie had over met this lady before; much less would he have thought he was conveying something to I her hand. Madeline knew it, however; and c had she not perceived by his face that he did f not wish people to know they wore anything I but strangers, she would have been terrified. s She could not lot the note fall, and show there I had been one; so her hean closed upon it. Madeline moved towards tho window of the I room into which the party was introduced, with c the slip of paper folded between herfingers, and c nobody noticed her. Her back was towards N everyone; and by a subtle instinct some women i have, she felt she must take this opportunity of glancing at her paper. How could she guess, I indeed, what grave importance might attach to t her knowing its contents at once ' Mr. Rimpulder, who was engaged in. giving. t directions to a waiter at the other end- of the d room, knew by her attitude that she was reading I the letter. She took her purea from her pocket, a and put the folded puper into it, just asnshe was joined by Maud'sTowere. At this juncture Mis Dorcas, feeling rather is in the shado for a moment, made her. way to t these two, and, with an insolence some people show a mastery of, threw herself headlong into It conversation by remarking that the Misses I Langley's dresgss (the minister's daughters, who as had been bridesmaids) were a figure. " And that all comes," she added, "of their going to a h cheap dressmaker, no can't fit, spoiling good stuff. If they'd have come to me, now, to h make them, they should have looked fit to be -I seen." Ii ,Nelther Maud nor Madeline answered; both looked extremely uncomfortable; and Mis s Dorcas was not slow to see that she had made a i mistake in addressing her remarks to them. She. moved off without apology, but with a .great I jerk: and said to her sister - in • law, ti quite audibly, "that of all the stuck. a up peacocks, that Mrs. Towers and ti Miss What's-her-name as camemo with Mrs. a Saltring, were the tiptoppest. Can't hear half is a word without sticking up their heads and a looking at you as if they could slay you. I've no patience with proud peacocks.' . RMre. Iimmon touched her rister-in-laws. sleeve by way of a hint that she was being over. a heaid .. ,. n "I'm not ashamed of what I say," said Miss i Dorcas, who was in a bad temper, owing to Mr.. h Rimpler's neglect of her. "If people will be t proud peacocks, they must expect to be talked I about." a Mr. Rimpler chanced to hear Dorcas's last I remark: and instantly judging at whom it was n levelled, gave Dorcas a look which would have o appalled any one else. But she was notably b reckless, and would have her fling, as she often said, if she died for it. With a sudden inspir- d ation she looked Rimpler full in the face, and n asked him when he had come to the throne; at a which sally she was so much delighted that she as laughed uproariously, attracting general atten- it tion to her. She should have waited for I Rimpler's answer. a "I've never been in danger of coming to the I throne; but I hav been in danger of beinrg p dragged against -my will to a certain altar several times. That is," he added, as if to ti make his meaning quite clear, "I should have a been, had not the lady lacked all personal charm both of face and years, and manner and ei voice, and all the rest, having nothing in fact to ei drag with but her perseverance." And with el this he turned away. tl Dorcas was so overpoweringly angry, thatthe it first thing she thought of-a common enough thoughtin the Black Country, too-was the tl purchase of vitrol. But everybody else made a an effort to pass the thing over; and though all v understood whotho thlady referred to was, there a was not the least proof against Mr. Rimpler. le He had not committed himself in any way. tc The luncheon was a great success, and after s it the party set out to walk in the park. Mr. a Rimpler had noticed that Madeline was more comfortable than at first. IHo was glad of that; ;c and he now did his best to entertain Mrs. Salt- tl ring, who had fallen to his lot since they had come oit. All at once, he beheld seated upon ir a bench a woman, with grey hair and a ragged to shawl. On her arm was an old canvas bag; sr and she looked miserable enough for anything. k Mr. Rimpler for some reason could scarcely keep down his excitement. "He said to Mrse. c Saltring, quietly enough for all that, " We h must not see a person look so wretched as that ai on eo gay a day;" and he fumbled in his y pocket. Mrs. Saltring, with pleased eye,. wathed t him go up to the woman, and bestow his a willing alms upon her. She did not hear, b however, the few words Mr. Rimpler spoke to the woman, or she might have seen 'an r altogether different meaiing in hin act. Inthat os brief moment hie had made n arraugement with a her to meet him at tihe tavern they had just ts quitted1 the next day. He then passed on, as Is if nothing lhad occurred; and everything went merrily, and everyone seemed sorry when it r was time to return to Jumnley. CHAPrER LXIII. --Co NNBcAL AKMrErrsTe. Thesojournabroad of Mr. andt Mrs. Jubal ii Ritmmon was considerably protracted; and it h was not until the first week in August that a Channel steamer, not too seaworthy, was t neearing h'owhaven, with a precious cargo in- a deed. Th?a journy had been made by night, t: and the sea looked as blue aetthe sky overhead, and the white cliffs quite cazzling in the I morning sunlight. Laura, with a peevish, discon tented look upon her face, for which, perhaps, t we ought to have some commiseration, since she had been suffering from asea-seickness, was re- 1 regarding the pretty view from the deck of the a steamer. Jubal, a thought thinner than when a we last saw him, appeared to be making no b effort at all to brighteu thoepirits of his ipartner, '1 but puffted away at a big cigar quite spite. n fully. " At length a small creature in a blue shawl came on dock and looked timidly about her. a She was speedily followed and her arm taken a by a lady who appeared to be her mother. v I;aura, out of mere ncuriosity, watched the r couple seat themselves on the side of the stoeamer, and then they turned their faces a .towards her. "Jubal," she said, giving her lord a tug, I "do you see who that is?" "No, I don't; nobody I know." " It's Lucy 3erodith and her mother.'' "C Uan't help it if it is," replied Jubal, con tinuing to puff. At least you might take a little interest in what I say." "Other people take too much interest in what you say for me to take much.'" " I haven't theghost of a notion what you mean," returned Laura, tossing her head. " Blat there are thoseBerediths. 1 wonder how it was we didn't see them when we came on board."' "I did see them at St. Lazaro," observed Jubal, with thie same ill-natured tone and look; "and I saw them get into our train, and I saw them mome on board." "Then why couldn't you tell moPe?" " A nice rage you'd geut into if I were always narrating to you everybody I saw." "What a time we are getting in, when we are so close to, and have been so for over so long, to all appearance," remuarked Laura, in answer to this. "It is a horrible steamer. You ought to have looked after it better, as other gentlemon do. lut no one can expect you tobe a gentleman." "There's only one gentleman in the world, we know," retorted Jubal, " since W,'interfold I put in an appearance at Paris. And the devil Ijows how he found us out." S " I'm very glad he did," said Laura, crossly. s lulling a thread out of her glove.' " It would i have been dull enough without him. I sup 3 pose you didn't encourage him to come at all, ( did ou? You didn't want it to be thoughtat thn hotel that your friend was the soli of a lord, did you, Jubaf ?" She always called him Jubal when she was not on particularly good terms with him, which had been rather frequently of late. "Are you going to speak to those Bore. diths?" Jubal had asked, when a sudden lurch of the ship had sent him ignominiously into a sitting posture on the seat near his wife--he had been standing before. Laur burst into a laugh, and several other passengers, who had come on deock, were moved to smile also. Jubal's hat had flown off, and rolled with the movement of the vessel to the feet of the Berediths. He was very angry; more angry with Laura than any one else. for laughing at him. He was proud of her beauty, and was as really in love with her as his nature could be: and he wished to be envied, and that the world should see that she was all his own'. It appeared to him that her careless laughing at his misfortune would suggest to thominds of all who had eone it that the young lady could not be very muchl in love with her husband. The casual observer of human nature is quick to notice and give their full value to indications of this kind. A wife-above all, a now wife, who is in love with bea husband-would feel his being seen in a ridiculous or foolish position in a sense doubly keen. • But Laura seemed rather to enjoy Jubal's discomfiture as he unsteadily followed his truant head-gear to the feet of the two ladies. He apologised to them as he picked his hat up and placed it on his head; and when he turned lie saw a young French girl, an article Tubal had purchased for his wife with his uncle David's monoy, inthe act of receiving a spirited account of his misadventure from her mistress. This was -too much for Jubal. IHe took in the situation at a glance, and did not go towards his wife, but remained sulkily where he . was; and the ship ploughed on through the water, and the white cliffs came nearer and nearer. "-. Jubal determined not to-look oitor the lug. gageproperly on landing, as the raadliest ineans of avvegingi himself on his wife'fo~ her want of feeling; and he beosmo botter tempered in prospect of this. One thing he meant to look after, and one only, and that was his own bag lined with cigars, on whieh he meant to pay no duty. Its likewieoresolved to get drunk, which he know Laura objected to, not on moral, but on artistic grounds. Jubal ias an appondage of her own, and she always remembered 'this when he made a beast of himself,.as she called it, though she appeared to have forgotten it ust now, when Jubal fell, But then, after all,. t was fate that had donu that; and Jubal chose to get drunk,. . - It has been seen that Laura. made no step towards speaking to the Berediths. The Bere-. diths,neverthelesa, had irecognised her, and hliad known her well enough not to expect her to: accost them. t '"Don't you think, mmoata, that Laura is' handsomer than ever?" Lucy- said to. her I mother, with her eyes fixed on the white cliffs: i they were every moment nearing. " 1 certainly do," Mrs. Beredith acknow. a ledged unwillingly. the would have ben glad had the fact beet less evident: She 'was angry I with Laura. "* Don't you think it strange that we should have been on the same ship if" "I should have stayed for the later ship if I 1 had known they were comning over," said. Mrs. 'Beredith, rather sharply;.. "and if that's Keziah's brother, he's very much of her type." ) Here??Mrs. Beredith was wrong'. But we all' judge incorrectly of peopleo against' whom we nave a preconceived opinion. "Why doaen't he go to her?" remarked Lucy. "' They don't appear to be on very good terms. Oh, mamma," she added, turning her a wistful face away from the chalk cliffs, and y towards her mother, "if:I had married hims,' and were returning with. him in this steamer instead of you, we should have been farther apart than we are now." " The mother sighed, and said nothing. " Lase it all differently now, mamma," went on Lucy.. "1 know it would never have done, a and I want to tell Keziahso I am sure he now thinks kindly of me. Had I married him, he would have hated me by now. And how 'much better to be separated from him as I am than to have him hate me, and I be tied to him. I am sure fate was kinder tome than I knew; and time is kind. When I last saw that shore, n I was wishing I might never see it again; and now I am just longing to got back and see the ii old home. It was very kind of Gsraldllarwyn n to write so often." Mrs. Ilaredith looked inquiringly at her daughter, as it not quite sure what this phrase meant, introduced suddenly as it was, and without apparent reason. Gerald IHarwyn had written regularly to Mrs. Beredith, to make inquiries about Lucy, since they had left England,- which they had done immediately after the events we have before described; and Lucy had certainly read his letters.with evident pleasure. After all, that might be but natural. Any sympathy, if it he real, is acceptable in time of pain; and hire. Beredith had not' attached mu:h meaninglto Lucy's gratification. , The steamer.was at last close to thoshoreand entering the harbour, and Jubal, leisurely f enough. advanced towards his wife and told her she might as well gather her traps together- i, that was the phrasehe used-if shahad left any in the cabin. They would be in in a minute. "Perhaps you may go and inquire about S them," rejoined Laura, saucily, 'seeing you tl are so very steady on your feet, and we are so very near hore." The eyes of the little f'rench h maid twinkled at this sally; but she neverthe. d less said that Monsieur must not trouble himself b to go for the things; she would go at once her !elf and sea if there were anything of her mistress's left below. " At any rate, Jubal," observed Laura, "you can look after the boxes, and see that some of li them don't got carried off by somebody else." "They'll see to that," replied Jubal, vaguely indicating he knew not whom. "I'mnot going to bother about anything except breakfast. An infernal wash of coffee they'll get for us, I a know."' a " Blt really," insisted Laura, gathering her cardinal wrap, about her, and dropping from her pedestal of satire, and mounting that of anger, " You must look after the things, Jubal; you know they will be lost, and things stolen .ut t anem. You must stand by all the time I they look in them, too, and see they don't take anythingout of all those lovely things I have bought." "'Lovely things be hanged," said Jubal, t rudely; " what the devil did you want to get so many things for? It's through you buying so many things that we had to have new boxes to carry them in, and got charged for excess luggage."' . . ' . "' Well, awe don't go to Paris every day," returned Laura, indignantly. " Uncle David mav be very glad we don't, answered Jubal. "It has coat enoough.'. " And now, with a loud grating noise, and little shudder, the steamer stopped; and then began the rush to land. JTubal kept his ward about the boxes; and they were ruthlessly opened and turned over without any remonstrance from himu. The only, thing lie took an interest in was his leather bag, which he opened himself and pushed towards' the officer with a eireless air, as much as tosay, "YoU may look; there's nothing wrong with that." All it appeared to contain wa:s a half empty flaskof brandy and a few toilet requisites. The officer pushed it back towards him with some impatience; and Jubal, triumphant, marched away withhis cigars to the crowded breakfastroom, whieh lookeduninvitingenough. The proprietors well knew that the travellers must breakfast, at no matter what cost, and that they must take what was put before them, or else face the nextpart o the journey without I anything. So the several tables were spread in no very attractive manner with food which I would have beeau left untasted in a London restaurant. The passengera, who had for the a most part been sea-sick, contended themselves with mild grumbling at the stewed ten and wretched coffee served to them at en extortionate price. (TO Dn COSTnNUED.) 