CHAPTER II. Further evidence of discovery-The growth of ' a Tasman-ián myth. I SHALL now draw the attention of my readers to some of the principal evidences of discovery, either omitted or only hinted at .in my previous paper, on this subject. These I have'marked with the letters of the alphabet irom (A) to (Q). : In the Dauphin Chart at (A), in latitude 12|deg, S., longitude 143deg. E. (from Greenwich) , ^there occurs ; an island called The Island of the Holy Ghost, the western coast; of which-..occupies and delineates the portion of the coast of Queensland that extends frem Gape Grenville to Cape Direction. That this island : should thus occupy the exact site pf this portion of the Australian coast is sufficiently remark- able in itself, but whenj this evidence of the correct charting of this portion of the coast is strengthened by the appearance of the word Spult (an abréviation of Espíritu Santo, Holy Ghost) in later charts, only a little to the north bf this spot it/might, almost be accepted as a conclusive proof of discoVery. (B) Marks the site of a group of islands called Isias de hs Aligadores, (Alligator Islands),, ib the north-east of Arnheim's Land, Northern Territory ; islands which have retained their name to this day, although rèmoyed a little to the west'and under the" slightly changed form of Crocodile Islands. The peninsula formed hy Arnhesm and Caledon Bays seems, how- ever, to havé been mistaken for, or inten- tionally converted into, a large island, the largest of the, group of Isias de los Ali- gadores, as the outlines and position of this semi- detached portion of the northern coast of Australia are clearly set down. (C) A small island occupying the site of Tauko, or Fisherman Island, two or three miles from Port Moresby, New Guinea. (D) A group of islands already referred to as forming the south extremity of the first section, 1 to 2. These islands, i.e., the eastern side of them, occupy the position of that portion of the eastern coasts with its numerous islands that extends from the Tropic of Capricorn to the southerr extremity of Great ^andy Island. (E) Here, at the southern extremity ol the third section, or Point Perpendicular and Jervis Bay, occurs the inscription, ' Coste de las Gracias' (Coast of the Pope's Grant) It will be remembered that, according tc the Pope's Grant, the eastern coast o: Australia fell within the Spanish hemis phere. Pope Alexander's line of demar cation, which ought to have passed througl Australia in the vicinity of the line thai divides "Western Australia from Soutt Australia and the Northern Territory, ir the distorted Dauphin Chart, passes througl Broad Sound in the same longitude a¡ Point Perpendicular and Jervis Bay, wher< this appellation occurs. . (F) Green Cape, also in the vicinity o the above-mentioned cape, and probably included in the term ' Coast of the Pope'; Grant.' (G) Indicates the site of a Portuguesi or Spanish landmark to the south o Tasmania. It occurs in the Spanisl sphere, but in most old charts the wording is Portuguese, although Spanish in some It is odd that these two words have beei preserved on our charts to the present da; without ever giving rise to any commen as to their origin. They have, in fact been taken for Dutch words, and as the; appear on old Dutch charts showing Tasman s discoveries, they were suppose« to have been set down by him originally which, of course, is inadmissable when w consider how jealous the Dutch were o their rivals, and how they, on the contrary invariably altered Spanish and Portugués names for Dutch ones whenever they hai a chance. According to Tasman's traci on his.first voyage, in 1642, we find hin steering straight from the Antarcti regions to this part of the coast o Tasmania, where the words Pedra brancc or Piedra blanca, appear. These words wer probably suffered to remain as the wor . Abrolhos, on the Avestern coast of Australû because indicating a dangerous rod Navigators do not like to erase name3 tba indicate dangers at sea, as we know by th numerous instances of even fictition shoals and rocks being persistent! recorded on charts when once erroneousl set down, notwithstanding the various an authoritative statements as to their nor existence. Another word, Maria, which also occu] several times in connection with Tasman pseudo discoveries, is most likely \ Spanish, origin. Ei A. Petherick, * a good authority on; the question of éarly Austra- lian discovery, speaking of Tasman and his compeers, says :'-' These Dutchmen were satisfied with drawing coast outlines and charts, naming the bays and islands, and formally taking possession. Around one name a romantic story has entwined itself. Will someone tell us who was the originator of the story ? I have traced it back as far as 1829. Dr¿ Ross, in his " Chronology of Van Diemen's Land " (" Hobartown Almanack," page 84), aftei recording its discovery and naming by Tasman, adds :-" He also named Maria Island, in memory of this Governor's daughter, to whom hé was attached." ' Mr. Petherick then quotes various writers who have, in one way or the other, handed the story down, among whom Eather Tenison Woods is the only one who asserts, in a positive way, that the story ' is not true.' He says, correcting the error':-' There is a romantic story of his having named Maria Island after the daughter of Van Diemen, to whom he was engaged to be married. The story is simple and - pretty, and can do no harm-; ?. but it is not true.' Mr. Petherick's last quotation but one shows how charmingly illogical women can be, and will be sometimes. It is from Mrs. Meredith's ' Our Island Home.' Quoth Mrs, Meredith :-' In these days of disillusion, when the beloved belief s of our childhood are so ruthlessly toppled down around us by heartless and impertinent modern investigators ; when we are bidden to consider brave Robin Hood, gentle Pair Rosamond, faithful Blondel, glorious King Arthur, and scores beside, as mere nursery myths, it is highly probable, if not certain, that some officious expositor has demon- strated that there never was such a navigator as Tasman, such a Governor of Batavia as Antony Van Diemen, nor such a Governor's fair daughter as Maria, the beloved of Tasman. . . . For me, I love beauty and brightness-romance as well as reality ; and when a charming old story unites the two, shall cling to it, despite a world full of busy-body detractors. In Tasman's old chart of the coastj he has this island marked as "Maria's Eylandt;" and so long as I live to look upon it, I shall cherish the remembrance of the simple old story thus narrated." The pleasing story of the discovery of Tasmania is almost too well known to require repetition. It runs briefly thus : ' Tasman, a young sailor, with more wit than wealth, and more courage than rank, was rash enough to fall in love with-Maria, the fair daughter of Antony Van Diemen, the Governor of Batavia. Van Diemen discovered the secret of his passion, and in order to rid himself of so troublesome a suitor, despatched him as commander of an expedition to what was then denominated the " Great Southern Sea." His voyage proved eminently successful, and, in the course of it, he discovered Tasmania ; arid to conciliate the father of his mistress, he called the island Van Diemen's Land, while he gratified his love by naming several places after the lady herself. On his return, all obstacles were removed to their union by his being rewarded by letters patent of nobility, and ari income from the State. Few countries can boast so romantic an origin.? But, alas ! for the impertinence of modern investigation^ and (Continued on page 16.) * The growth of a Tasmanian myth. First Vol, of ' The Torch,' page 4, (Continued- from page 15.) the prosaic "brutality of Hard facts. Tas- man was a married man, and father of a family when he set sail on his first voyage to the South Seas, in 1642, and Governor Van Diemen had no children. (See Du Bois, Vies des Gou- verneurs Généraux, etc., 1763.) We come now to the western seaboard, which, being in the Portuguese sphere, bears in its nomencla- ture a more decided Portuguese origin. (H) Indicates the southern extremity of the correct charting of the western coast of Australia, or Cape Leeuwin of modern charts. Prom this cape the coastline runs south, but without any attempt to show dis- covered land ; it is merely a fictitious line, indicating a pos- sible extension of the continent, sufficient, however, to deter in- experienced naviga- tors from risking the passage south of Aus- tralia. It was a common practice among ancient geo- graphers, and later, especially among Por- tuguese hydrographers of the sixteenth cen- tury, to describe countries according to their configuration, as resembling such or such an animal ; thus, Java was described by : Diego do Couto as re semblingahog; Celebes . is likened by the same ; historian to a huge grasshopper. Now it has occurred to me that, consider- ing the striking re- semblance that the continent of Australia . bears to a lioness' head, (which anyone can see for himself by turning to his Atlas), this fact cannot have failed to impress , itself upon minds; already so remarkably ..inclined to seek for such comparisons. I offer the suggestion merely for what it is worth, as to myself, bearing in mind that this cape-Cape Leeu- win-was discovered . and charted before the arrival of the Dutch in these seas, I feel inclined, until better informed, -to . accept the term Cabo. Leda as the origin of Cape Leeuwin, rather than follow the general belief, to the effect that the unknown captain of a suppo- sition ship, possibly called ' Leeuwin,' gave this name instead of his own to this im- portant headland, es- pecially when we come to reflect that the Dutch word Leeuwin passes through the various .nodLfications that it assumes on old charts. (To be continued in our next issue.) 