GHOSTS AND MYSTERIES. Some Stage "Optical Illusions," It has been reserved for its modern profes sors to raise the art of optical deception to the dignity of a scientific performance by availing themselves of modern discoveries in optics, pneumatics, olcotricitv. and other branches of knowledge presumably unknown to the ancient world. Tho majority of the feats performed depond upon clever arrange ments of reflecting or light- absorbing sur faces, which entirely deceive the eye at even very close quarters. But this field has very lately been intruded on by tho addition or substitution of mechanical devices, by the aid of which apparent miracles are per formed, rivalling tho wonders recorded by Eustern travellers. "pei-per's ohost" and "the beautiful niode." Pepper's Ghost was based upon tho simple principle that the image of any person or thing projected upon a refleoting surfuco with a dark background was refracted to apparently cho same distance behind that surfuce — a result seen every day in an ordi nary mirror, but owing its "startling effect to tho dark and hollow background which allowed a real person to apparently walk through tho refracted image. Some dozon years ago (says a writer in Invention) Mr. Pepper, in conjunction with Mr. Walker, invented the mysterious change trick, in which a man was apparently changed into a woman, and vice versa, on tiie stage in full view of tho audience. This, like tho "ghost," was a purely optical device, and was revivified with some modifications last year by another performer. Long previous to this the "Talking Head" had been successfully exhibited all over tho world. The spectator saw what was apparently a four-lcggcd taldo stand ing on an empty stage. Upon this table was a human head, obviously attached to a body, as it was undoubtedly that of a live person ; but how the body was concealed puzzled many thousands of spectators for a considerable time. Tho next to succeed Professor Pepper's first allusion, if we mis- tako not, was tho "Beautiful Niobo," which consisted of an apparently human head turned to stone, which, at tho commaud of tlx: exhibitor, again became endowed with life, and was followed by tho "Strango Lady," exhibited at tho Royal Aquarium, and somewhat of the same order as the "Talking Head." The lady reposes body- less on three brass bars, and to prove that there is no deception Dr. Jennings opens tho door at tho back, through which on unin terrupted view can be obtained, proving that the illusion is not created by means of ro- ilcctors. Few over succeed in discovering " how it is done," and the majority are even moro puzzled by the " magic hand," shown at the same time, and which lias frequently defied the scrutiny of even pro fessional conjurers. Dr. Jennings was the first performer who started this class of entertainment at Westminster, and that it should havo continued to bo a success for so long a period is a strong testimony to its fascination. "tiiauma." Among tho most notable examples of the deceptio visas that have from time to time startled the uninitiated are tho inventions of a gentleman whose name (writes a London contemporary) may bo quite unfamiliar to our readers, but whose productions have found their way to every purt of tho habit able globe. The gentleman in question, Mr. J. II. Winston, unlike most per formers does not attach his namo to tho advertisements announcing his exhibi tions, but lie is well known to nil professors of tho mystic art as tho inventor of all tho illusions that havo appeared at the Crystal Palace for some years past. One of his first productions, "Thauina," I10 first produced at that place of entertainment in connection with the celebrated conjuror, Dr. Lynn, in 1884\. This is probably tho best known of Mr. Winston's inventions, as tlioro is scarcely a city of importance in any part of the world whore it lias not been exhibited. Tho solution of tho mystery is ridiculously simple, it was 01100 written : " Tho lady is placed upon an inclined plane, her hoad, shoulders and arms alone being visible. The plane on which her body lies is invisible in the darkness beneath. At tho neck, how ever, begins a false bust, elegantly 'corsetted,' the waist of which touches tho centre of tho board on which her trunkisapparontly swing ing. Thefalsebustisinthesamo perpendicular with her head, shoulders and arms, and she might ho stabbed in tho apparent region of tho heart with the sharpest of daggerB with out sustaining tho slightest injury." Mr. Winston, however, states that the real explanation of tho illusion is not quito so "ridiculously simple " as the writer appears to think. Tho explanation given above, liko the anatomy of tho lady, is "all right so far as it goes but tho real secret lies in the production of the darkness below the waist. Mr. Winston discovered a method of absorb ing all rays of light falling upon the inclined piano and thus rendering it invisible, and it was by this means, and not merely by keep ing the lower half of tho lady "in tho dark," that tho illusion is really producod. "stie-wiio-must-be-olleyed." Among Mr. Winston's otnor productions may bo mentioned "lhdas," an im proved kind of "Thauma," in which the darknoss referred to above was con verted into a blaze of light, a "vanish ing lady " on a principle never usod by any other performer, and tho mysterious "Sho-who- must be-obeyed," the secret of which has baffled expert exponents of " modern magic." Ig the latter illusion tho visitor sees beforo him, suspended in mid air, a small brazen urn ubuut Gin. in depth, and out of this small receptacle, which is said to contain the ashes of tho torriblo " whito queen," but which would certainly not hold an ordinary sized baby, rises a full- grown lady, who demonstrates her sub stantiality by tapping tho sides nnd bottom of the urn and finally retires into the same narrow compass, leaving the amazed spec tators vainly puzzling out "how it's done.' "Cleopatra: the magic of tho ahoiont Egyptians resuscitatod and restored," is also another of this gentleman's inventions, and consists of-a scries of startling illusions and effects illustrative of Mr. Rider Haggard's novel of that name. "the maid of tiie moon." Butof all Mr. Winston's productions tho palm must certainly be awarded to his latest "II Misterio Volante," or the "Maid of tho Moon," produced at tho Crystal Palace. The entire back of the stage is occupied by an immense moon, which is illuminated from behind. Tho only object of this largo transparent surface is to render it impo3siblo for any opaque substance, however small or fine, such as wire or string, to be interposed between the audience and this transparency without its boing at once detected by the sharp oyes of the spectators. After a brief introduction, Air. Winston leads his subject, a young lady about 5ft. Gin. in height, on to tho very front of the stage, within about Oft. of the audience, and after putting her into a mesmeric trance she im mediately ascends several feet and performs tho most astonishing evolutions in mid-air at the bidding of the exhibitor. Mr. Winston gives practical demonstration of the impos sibility of the subject being supported by wires or strings, and considering that the whole exhibition takes place almost within rench of tho audience, and Sft. or 10ft. in front of the illuminated background, it would seem an impossibility to support the lady by mechanical means without its being at once apparent to the spectators. A similar illusion was for some timo exhibiting under the management of Air. Carl Hertz, and many have regretted to find that it is now closed. It produced an excellent effect, but was not accomplished in quite tho same manner as Mr. Winston's. mr. masicelyne's latest. Wo have reserved until tho last any special allusion to Mr. Maskelyne, who, this not withstanding, is probably tho doyen of in ventors in the illusive art. This is tho latest and certainly the most startling deception yet presented at the head-quarters of mystery the Egyptian Hull. A well-grown young lady is placed in a cage of appropriate size, in full view of tho audience, and this is placed on a wooden stand, previously handed round for examination by the audience, so as to negative the idea.of its being possible to use a trap door. Tho cage, with its occupant, is then covered with a thin silk cloth, just fitting the exterior ; tho performer keeps the attention of tho audience for a few seconds while ho is apparently adjusting the cloth, when I10 suddenly grasps it witli his bands, and cage and lady havo vanished. This, of course, depends on mechanical, as distinct from optical, means, but it is none the less ono of the most startling if not, as we incline to think, tho very best ever offered to the London public. a performance in tiie east. Were we to turn to the cast, there would be 110 lack of most interesting matter in this connection. The narrator of the following was himself an excellent amateur srestidigituteur " The apartment being filled, the magicians begun their perform ance. The audieneo sat on tho floor about tho fakirs, so that thoy hud no way of con cealing thomsolves or of hiding anything. At their request I examined them, and satisfied myself that they had nothing about them. Then one of the women stepped into the en closure, the rest remaining behind tho spectators, who formed a close ring about them. The light was now turned down a little, and in a moment the woman's face began to bo illuminated by a ghostly light that extended quickly over her on- tiro body. She then began to move round and round, uttering a low murmuring sound the while, gradually quickening the pace until she was whirling about like a top. A moment of this and the light that had clung about her seemed to bo whirled off by centrifugal force and assumed a pillar-like form beside her. As soon as this was accomplished she stopped, turned and began to mould the light with her hand, and though I could distinctly see her hands move through the light as if it were a cloud it began to assume human form. We saw the arms, hands and legs moulded, and finally a face and headgear. She next called for a light, and the candles being relighted, thoro stood an utter stranger, a native seemingly evolved out of cloudiand. He stepped forward and grasped me by tho hand ; his hands were moist, as if with per spiration, and he was a very healthy spirit. After ho had talked and drunk a glass of arrack he took his placo kcBidc the woman again and began to whirl about. Tho lights were dimmed, but not so that we could not see, and in a few moments the figure began to fade, Boon assum ing tho appearance of a pillar or form of light, and then attaching itself to tho woman, and seemingly being absorbed by her. All this was done in a very short space of tiino, before tho eyes of at least CO people and not 10ft. from myself. Tho girl appeared greatly exhausted afterwnrds. Now this wonld be explainod by the spirit ualist as a materialisation, and by the Psychological Society as some now sense or power, &c.;, but between you and me, who know that all tilings can bo explained by- cold facts, it was merely a clever trick, so skilfully done that I did not discover it in any other way or shape." 