Hypnotism. I wish I bad never seen liim. I wisb I didiVt always want to laiow the reason wby, I wisb I wasn't per- petnallv troubled bv an impertinent curiosity. Why couldn't I have been content with what I bad got from the "" Encyclopedia Britannica " and "In quire Witliin upon Everything?" Why should I be always posing as an intelligent inquirer ? It has cost me exactly £10,000. I am bis only nephew, and 1 corres ponded with TJncle Boultby ever since be emigrated as a steerage passenger seventeen years ago. You see Uncle Bobliby bad been very kind to me as a boy. He used to take me out fishing with liim and give me shillings; that is the kind of a uncle a boy likes. And when Uucle Boultby was shipped off to America with a single £o note m his pocket to take his chance, I believe I was the only person who was genuinely soriy for him. And Uncle Boultby was quite awaTe of the fact. The reason of Uncle Boultby's expatriation was, as grandfather put it. that he did'nt know how to say "\Ko." Uncle B. was nobody's enemy hut his own : that is to say, he got drunk whenever he had the chance. For ten years Uncle Boultby worked as a common navvy. In America, you know, you have to work or strave; there are no societies in America as there are in England for making the life of the working man beautiful ; it is simply that — work or starve. Then TTnelc Boultby, after ten years, bad a slice of luck ; be bought a share of a mining claim, and in five years he made £10,000. Then he came home ana informed me that I was to he his heir. "He had been at home a year; he had had one attack of delirmn tremens "that brought him to death'sdoor; then hy my advice, he allowed himself to be incarcerated under the Habitual Drunkards"' Act. He was discharged as incurable after six months, lie began his old tricks again, and I had reason to believe be would not last much longer. So I went down to Plymouth to look after my Uncle Bonliby. IE was sitting in a, first-class carnage in the vGreat "Western Express with an rmcommnmcative person In a tweed suit. IHre luggage was -on the rack ; it consisted of a Gladstone hag ; there was a label on the Gladstone hag. I Stood up to read it under the pretence uf rpening the ventilator. I read the uame Professor Tadger. I was rather pleased than -otherwise. What a lot uf information I might he able to eauraet from the professor if I only went the right way to work. I re marked that ii was a fine day. Pro cessor Tadger nodded. I said that there was very little In the paper. Again the professor nodded. I tried to get Into conversation with him by All the usual devices, but I could get "notbxngoui of him but nods. What's the use of being a professor if you donA confess. Perhaps, I thought, after all the fellow is just a common conjurer or a corn- cutter ot a hair dresser. They often call themselves professors. For a whole hour the professor had been reading silently a black book in German. All I could make out was that the author's name was kloll; if I had only known (German a could have found out what tbs book was about. Suddenly a very extraordinary thing happened. Pro fessor Tadger began to stare at me in an excessively rude manner. I turned mv eyes away. When I looked again in his direction he was still staring — Staring in a way thai made my flesh creep. Was he mad ? He frightened me. Don't look at me like that, sir," I cried. "-Aren't you well ?" and i was r about to seize die handle ly which you communicate with the guard. Don't alarm yourself," said Pro fessor Tadger very sauvely; "'1 only wanted to see if you were susceptible to the influence. I fancied that you would make a good subject; so you would. If you didn't resist." Then he explained to me he took a great mteresr in what he called hypnotics. ""Ah," I said laughingly, ""you've got a show; if It's at Plymouth I'll patronise you. I'm going to Ply mouth." "" So am 1," said Professor Tadger ; ""but Ihavn'i got a show. I take an Interest in the thing simply as an observer. I am a biologist." ""Do you mean to seriously say tbat It Is'nt bosh ?" I asked. PrcJfessoT Tadger only glared at me. "" Sleep," lie said very blandly. That's all I remember till I found myself rubbing my -eyes, ami seated on the luggage r.ick in front of Pro fessor Tadger, for all the world like a performing monkey. "" Why -don't y ( '.! come <i<wn," said Professor Tadger. "" 1 o you believe in hypnotism now ?" It was a very curious ihmg. I re membered our conversation perfectly well up to the point when ide pro fessor had said ""Sleep," but i remem bered nothing more. I felt vexy Indignant indeed, and 1 came down from the luggage rack; th.- 1 felt for my watch and I felt for m - ; nrse. They were all right. "" You have played a veiy unjustifiable trick upon me," I said. Yot at all," said tne professor, not at all ; it was no trick, It was an experiment, I am successful with about per cent, of ordinary ebijects. It was not nice to be called an ordinary subject. Then lie began to -calk about hypnotism. 1 didn't believe half he said at first. " You should get over that feeling," said ;h« professor. " Hypnotism is a : very interesting subject, as you would acknowledge if you had seen any of our I experiments at Oxford. If you had a | logical mind you would see that you i didn't get up into the luggage rack, as yon did just now, of your own free will. That ought to be sufficient to convince you that hypnotism is not nonsense. Were I so inclined," he added with a little laugh, " I could relegate you to the luggage rack till we reached Plymouth." There was 110 withstanding that argument ; I caved in at once. " You see there is nothing wicked or uncanny or diabolical about hypno tism," said Professor Tadger ; " you should disabuse your mind of any silly idea of that sort. It is subject we know very little about ; but we should approach it seriously, because, you know, it is a thing that will, sooner or later, be probably introduced into ordinary medical practice. I am not a doctor ; but I have hypnotised a great number of people, and I have often been able to relieve pain. I'll give on instances. A person comes to me suffering from neuralgia. I hjpnotise him. There is no mistake whatever about the neuralgia ; it has perhaps lasted several days ; the face is swollen. I can remove a severe headache in the same way." "I "don't like the thing," I said. " There is a good deal too much hanky-panky for me. Besides I have seen lots of the so-called experiments, and it always appeared to me that the poor devils who acted as subjects were; simply accomplices who received pay ment to make themselves ridiculous." That may or may not be the case," said Professor Tadger. " I look upon it as a very sad thing that people should he hypnotised for the amuse ment of their fellow men ; but there is certainly some good to be got out of hypnotism, and tlie study of the sub ject, the ultimate benefit of the human race being the object in view, can do no harm. There is nothing like a crucial test," said the professor. " We are both going to Plymouth. I am stopping at the Boyal. Here is my card." He gave me a card on which was inscribed "" Professor Tad&er;, College, Oxford." "" Now, I'll tell you what I will do for yon. If you will present yourself at my hotel with three ordinary indi viduals between the ages of eleveu and fivc-and-foi'ty — old people and young children are bad subjects, that is why I make the suggestion as to age — I will show a very extraordinary experi ment. You shall briug with you a new pack of cards in its wrapper. I will hypnotise one of the subjects. You shall select a card yourself whose face I shall not see. I will place the card in tlie hand of the subject, back towards him ; I will tell him that it is a photograph of, say, the Prince of Wales. He will obey my suggestion,' which I make in a sufficiently authora- tative manner, aud he will agree that it is a photograph of the Prince of Wales; and to him, please to under stand, it has ceased to be a playing card, and after my ' mandatory act ' to him it is a photograph of the Prince of Wales and nothing else. I will direct him to throw it upon the table. You shall fling down the rest of tlie pack, hacks upwards, upon it ; and, well mixing the cards, you will watch us both as narrowly as you like. I will then simply say to the subject,' Which of these photographs is that of the Prince of Wales '? ' He will unhesi tatingly select the card originally handed to him." "Professor Tadger," said I, "if you will do that 1 will believe all you say — nay, more, I will give you a testi monial." " It is very good of you," said the professor ; " hut I am not in need of a testimonial." " Can you tell me," I said a little severely, " of any permanent beufit to anybody which has been produced by hypnotism ? " " Oh certaiuly," said the professor affably; there are innumerable re corded cases. I am not a doctor, as I have told you, hut I have cured three habitual drunkards." "" The cures took some time, I should think," I remarked derisively. " One sitting was enough," replied the professor with a smile. "If you do the card trick," said I, " you shall try your hand on Uncle Boultby." The professor expressed his readi ness to undertake what he called " the experiment with the playing cards," and suddenly took an immense interest in Uncle Boultby. W7e reached Plymouth. I went to see Uncle Boultby. My uncle's doctor told me he did not think he would pull through. The same evening I called upon the professor with three "subjects" chosen haphazard. The professor's triumph was complete. The experi ment with the playing cards came off with the first attempt. I took the professor straight over to Uncle Boult by's place. Uncle Boultby was very bad indeed — lie didn't even recognise me ; he called me Julius Czear. And when I introduced tlie professor, my poor uncle said, " Oh, Professor Pepper, of course. I hope lie hasn't brought his ghost." Professor Tadger stared at him Tatlier sternly. " Sleep ! " he said in a firm voice, " Sleep ! " There were no passes — no hanky-panky of auy kind. Uncle Boultby's head dropped back, and he went off as sound as .a .house in an instant. " Open your eyes and listen to me," said the professor in an awful tone. Uncle Boultby opened his eyes, and the professor shook his forefinger at him. "When you wake,"- continued the professor, " you will will hate all kinds of wines, spirits, or fermented drinks ; tlie smallest quantity will make you horribly sick. You will turn teetotal ler 1 Wake," added the professor — "wake." Uncle Boultby did wake as though from a refreshing sleep. " I wish you good evening," said the pro fessor. " I hope you'll get better." Then he marched out of the room and I haven't seen his face since. Uncle Boultby did get better — -he got well ; be turned teetotaller ; he ate liis Christmas dinner with us. There was just a, little brandy in the pudding which ; we had forgotten. It made Uncle Boultby horribly- ill. Uucle Boultby is going to be married to-morrow. I am going to the wed ding, I feel as if 1 were going to my own funeral. If it hadn't been for my cursed curiosity about hypnotism I should have been the better by £10,000. As for Professor Tadger — bother Professor Tadger ! — St. James's Bud- yet. 