the jnrsterious red indian "messiah." (the times weekly edition.) Philadelphia, Nov. 21. For some tune - there havo been coming from tho far Western plains of the United States, beyond tho Missouri Valley, talcs of alarm and excitement. Tho cottiers adjacent to tho great reservations of tho Sioux InmanR, along and southward from the lino of tho Northern Pacific Railway, aro in fear of a general Indian uprising. Somo have abandoned their homes and withdrawn east of tho Missouri ; others are forming military companies tar defcnco and calling loudly for Government protection. Tho whole frontier scem9 in a ferment, aud at all the military posts tho army officers aro appa rently preparing tar an active campaign. Tho Socrctary of War has gono West to St. Louis, whither came General Miles, commanding the array iu tho Indian country, to meet him for consultation, and General Mile has now re turned to his headquarters at Chicago aud sont instructions to Gcucral Rugcr, in Dakota and the Phitto River region, to mako ovory arrange ment for protection aud dofence, A general Indian war is feared, which is said to affect somo 31,000 savages of tho Sioux, Pi-Utc, Choycnno, and other tribes on tho reservations, of whom 0,000 aro active warriors aud 15,000 fully ablo to bear arras. Whether tho outbreak will corao soon or ho delayed to the spring is said to be a matter of conjecture. Tho officers say tho situation is just now favourable to tho Indians, who are, woll mounted aud equipped with amplo ammunition aud supplies. The avorngo redskin, however, is lotb to go on the warpath in winter, and thoy add that "tho salvation of the settlers in tho Dakotas will bo a 4 Norther' of tbo fiercest kind." Tho threatened outbreak i® a fanatical reli gious war, said to bo a crusado against tho whites, preached by a mystorious Indian 44 Messiah," who has appeared to thera in Utah and Nevada. His whereabouts and identity seem almost mythical, but ho 1ms stirred up the greatest excitemeut. Indians are always half ready for war, and the 44 raedicino man" can easily work upon their superstitions and highly-wrought feeling®. They aro now every where performing tho 44 ghost dance," and many of thera claim to havo seen and heard the 44 Messiah" who has tauebt it. Ho is said to speak to tho different tribes in their own lan guages. Ho has told them that 44 they have but to fight for themselves a little and'he will causo the earth to open and swallow tho whites, and will bring back from tho happy huntiup- prounds nil tho buffaloes aud dead Indians." Their 44 ghost dance" is becoming a religious fever. Old 44 Sitting Bull," the great chief of tho Sjoux or Standing Rock Agoncy, has told the Government agent thoro that 11 thor have no furthor ubo tar the whites, and firmly believe it only a question of a short timo when the whites will disappear from the face of tbo earth," Tho Indians aro mysterious about their intended timo of outbreak ; but tbey havo thoir dance, tap their guns, nud, as a universal sign, when spoken to thoy fiercely draw imaginary pcilpiug-knivca in a circlo about thoir heads. They are roaming in 6mnU bodies along the neighbourhood of the Northern Pacific Rail way nenrMaudan, and ono of these squad® this week told a friendly Indian they belonged to 44 the nrray of the Messiah," and wero going to meet the rest of tho army, when thoy would capture Fort Lincoln and pillage Mandan and kill tho inhabitants. Tho 44 Messiah" would lead tho army, und they did not expect to go out until spring; but when 44 4 Messiah' says go, we go, oven in tho depth of winter." tiik personality op tj1r 44 messratt." That all this should cause a scare on tho frontier is natural, and this week tho copious reports from all along tho border have at tracted public attention and excited much curi osity as to tho personality of tho 44 Messiah." General MHos regards the situation ns grave. Colonel Corbin, his adjutant, says they do not know who tho " Messiah" ib, but they are making every effort to find out— " he may bo some leader of a band of wandering Mormons, and porhaps a cowboy full of pranks." He ex presses hopo that trouble may bo averted, for it is contrary to all Indian tradition for tho braves to tako the warpath in winter. The noarest they aro able to come to his identity is a report from Lieutenant Robortson, at the Cheyenne Agoncy, who says he has learntfrom an interpreter that tho new 44 Messiah4 is a Pi-Uto Indian called John Johnson, intelligent, but not educated, who lives on the Pi-Uto re servation at Walker Lake, Novada. His 44 Apostle," ono Porcupine, has been preaching tho religion of the now 44 Messiah" at the Choy anno Agency, and Robortson send® Porcu pine's account -of his visit to tho 44 Messiah," after a long journey last year to what is sup- , posed to bo Iho Pyramid Like in Western Novada, where ho met a largo number of Indians known ns tho Fifllneaters. Porcupine in hie statement says 44 ThoFinh- eatcrs near Pyramid Lake told me thatChrist had appeared on earth again. They said Christ know ho wns coming ; that eloven of his children wcro ateo coming from a far lund. It appeared that Christ had sent for rao to go there, and that was why, unconsciously, I took my journey. It hnd been forcovdriincd. Thoy told mo when I got there that my Grant Father was thero also, but I did not know who ho was. Tho people assembled called a council, and tbo chief's sons went to seo the Great Father, who sent word to us to remain fourteen days in that carap and that he would corao and see us. At tho end of two days, on tha third morning, hundreds of people gathered at this place. Thcv cleared a place near the agency iu the form of a circus ring, aud we all gathered there. Just before sundown I paw a great many people, mostly Indians, coming dressed in wliito men's clothes. Tho Christ was with them. They all tanned in this ring aud around it ; they put up sheets all around tho circle, as they had no tents. Just after dark some of the Indinns tohl mo that Christ hud arrived. I looked around to find him. and finally saw him sitting ou one side of tho ring. Ho wns dressed in a white coat with stripes. The rest of his dress was a wliito man's except that lie had on a pair of moccasins. Then he faoguti our dance, everybody joining in, the Christ singing whilo we danced. Wo danced tilt Into in tho night, when he told us wo had danced enough. 44 Tho next morning he told us that he was going away that day, hut would be back tl.e next morning nud talk to us. I heard that Christ had been crucified and I looked to see, aud I saw a scar ou his wrist aud ono on his face, and beseemed to bo tho man ; I could not seo his feat, lie would talk to ue all day. That evening wo nil assembled again to sen him de part. When wo wcro assembled ho began to sing end lie bfgnn to trcroblo all over violently for awhile, and then Rat down. Wo danced all that night, the Christ lying down beside us, apparently dead. 44 The following morning tho Christ wns back with us and wanted to talk to us. Ho said, 4 1 nra the mail who mado everything you see around you. 1 am not lying to you, my childrcu. I made this earth and everything on it. I have been to heaven and seeu your dead friends and have seen my own father and mother.' Ho Bpoko to us ah nut fighting, and said that it was bad and that wo must keep from it ; tho earth was to be all good hereafter; thai wo must he friends with one another. He said if any man disobeyed what ho ordered, Mb tribo would ho wiped from tho face of the earth. 44 Ever since the Christ I speak of talked to me, I have thought, what he said was good. I have seen nothing bad iu it. When I got hack I knew my people were bad and had heard nothing of all this, so I got them together and told them of it, and warned them to listen to it for their own good. I told them just what I havo told jou hero to-day." reason of the outbreak, Lioutouant Robortson suys lie closely ques tioned Porcupine aud also Big Beaver, another chief, learning that some ten tribes had visited tho 44 Messiah" ut Walker and Pyramid Lakes, including Sioux, Cheyeuncs, Arrapahoes, Ban nocks, Utcs, and ull tbo tribes of Utah, who danced his dunce, heard his preaching, nud thru hail returned to their homes. Porcupine said that several hundred Indians were present when ho saw tho 44 Messiah," including women and children ; and ho insists that all his teach ings wcro of peace, good order, and industry by the Iudiaus. Being asked then how it wns that certain Indians had mado tho new roligioiwi reason tar neglecting their crops and for dis order, Porcupine shrewdly mado answer, giving what Robertson regards as a very pro- hablo explanation : — That tho Indians who bad gono with him to hear tho 14 Messiah" had hoped to hear liira preach Rome incendiary doc- trino, aud were disappointed at hearing tho new croud required them simply to work and behave themselves : that being known by their pcopio to havo visited tho new 44 Messinh," thoy con cluded, on returning home, not to relate strictly what this mau had told them, but to put into his mouth doctrines raoru agreeablo to tho Indians. 44 Theso men," said Porcupine finally with earnestness, "aro nil liars, and thoy aro responsible for any troublo that occurs, and not the new 4 Messiah."' " It will thus bo seen that there are false prophets oven among the Red Indians, and de signing redskin politicians, who misinterpret tho religion of tho 44 Messiah" to mako it a cru sado against tho whites. But, whether they or tho apostlo Porcupine preach tho truo faith among them, tho frontier has been stirred up to an extent unknown for many years. At tho Arrapaboe Agency tho Indians excitedly dance the 44 ghoet dance," and have destroyed many of thoir fcucos, somo oveu tearing dowu their log houses, tho Government agent having lost all control over thom. At Pino Itidgo Agency, in South Dakota, thero is much excitement among tho Sioux, tho dances having wrought tho tribe to so high n pitch .that the agent has reported tho uneasiness, and troops in largo force are now being concentrated thero ; aud at thoRosobud Agency, about fifty mites distant, also in South Dakota. This movement, it is annouueed to- day by General Miles, will afford ample protection. It is curious to note the various versions of the 44 messiah" doctrine of extermination of the wjiites, as interpreted at different Indian settlement. Thus, at tho Standing Rock Agcucy, ou tho Cannon Ball River, about forty miles from Maudan. tho Sioux aro mainly farmers uud cattle raisers, and live in hutsnnd houBes. They say tho ' Messiah" indicates that tho whites aro to he destroyed, but not by tho activo aid of tho red inon. 44 A mud wavo is to engulf tho p.tlc-fnccs, but tho Indians aro to bo lilted high above it, until it passes over." With thera, the 44 ghost dance" is said to uo a preparatory ceremony or sort of communion, by wliich the I Indians aim 41 to perfect themselves before the i coming of tho Master." This extraordinary development among the Indians, whatever it may oventuato, has created a gunuino scufiutioii throughout tho entire Western couutrv, and tho universal prayer out there is for the coming of a 44 Dakota blizzard" of tho most powerful description, that will havo moro infijicnco for peaco upon tho Indiaus than auy thing that cau just now bo done. As I closo this letter a telegram from Pine Ridgolms just como in, giving the latest phase, the troops having gono into camp and bciug in fullcontrol. Tho telegram says 44 Jaclc, Red Cloud, and a lot of tho fanatics aro at Wounded Kuoe putting tho finishing touches on a four days' 4 ghost dance.' This is tho day set for 1 tho 4 Messiah' to appear in the form of a buffalo, but up to noon no stray 4 Messiah' nor buffalo ha® been reported on tho reservation." 