SLAUGHTERING THE INDIANS. THE REDSKINS FIGHT VAINLY AGAINST HOTCHKISS AND GAT- LING GUNS. There had been some desperate fighting between United States troops and Indians before the last mail left London. The trouble began at Porcupine Creek while Big Foot's band were being disarmed by Colonel For- sythe. Big Foot's band was discovered early on Sunday, December 28, by Little Bat, one of the Indian scouts. The hostile camp was then eight miles north west of Major Whiteside's camp at Wounded Knee Creek. Major White- side at once ordered four troops of the 7th Cavalry into the saddle. They rode to the Indian camp, and as they approached the hostiles formed in a long line of battle, 150 strong, armed with guns and knives. Major Whiteside at once formed his troops in battle line, and when within rifle shot one of the hostiles, who was later recognised as Big Foot, came forward on foot and unarmed, and signalled his desire to speak with Major White- side. The latter dismounted and advanced to meet the chief. Big Foot extended his hand is token of peace. "I am sick," he said ; "my people here want peace." Major Whiteside cut short his harangue, saying, " I won't talk, nor will I have any parleying at all. It must either be unconditional surrender or fighting. What is year answer?" "We surrender," replied the Indian chief. "We would have done so before, but we could not find soldiers to surrender to." The Indians then, at a signal from the chief, raised a white flag. They were immediately surrounded by the troops, and couriers were dispatched to Pine Ridge Agency for the remaining four troops of the 7th Cavalry to help to guard and disarm the party. The latter comprised 156 warriors, perfectly armed, 250 squaws, and 100 papooses. Major White- side's force numbered 2,500 soldiers. Soon after the disarmament of the Indians a despe- rate battle was precipitated, the origin of which is disputed. An eye- witness gives the following account of the affray :- "The work of disarming the hostiles was progressing quietly when a treacherous shot was fired by an Indian from behind a tent. The troops opened fire at once and in a moment a furious battle was raging. The Indians retreated to the buttes which rise on either side of the Porcupine Creek, leaving the women and children un- protected, and the cavalry, taken unawares, were pelted by bullets from inaccessible points. The troopers, however, soon poured a deadly fire on the savages. Many of the latter leaped upon their ponies and fled towards Bad Lands. The Indians fought apparently without any order. Every man was for himself." The soldiers shot the Indians wherever they found them, giving no quarter. There were many single hand to hand conflicts. Captain Wallace was killed by a blow on the head from a war club. When the Indians fled Gatling and Hotchkiss guns opened a deadly fire upon them. For a full half-hour they poured forth a scarcely intermittent storm of balls upon the redskins. It was a war of ex- termination with the troopers, and the firing was kept up until not a live Indian remained in sight. A telegram to the New York Herald, from Pine Ridge, states that in the fighting at Porcupine Creek 75 of the American cavalry- men were killed or wounded, while on the Indian side 110 warriors and 250 women and children were killed. The telegram adds that of the whole Indian camp probably not more than six children remain alive. The Indian agent at Pine Ridge also telegraphs that 300 Indians, including women and children, were killed in the engagement at Porcupine Creek. General Miles, however, says the women and children broke for the hills when the fight began, and comparatively few of them were hurt. Tbe news of the battle has excited the Indians at the Agency to an alarming extent ; even the loyal Indians were affected, the couriers them- selves seemed eager for blood. Two Strikes, Little Wound, Short Bull, and several other chiefs fled from the Agency, taking hun- dreds of braves with them. They compelled the old chief Red Cloud to accompany them under a threat of killing him if he refused, and after looting a supply train they attacked the Clay Creek Mission. When a courier reported in camp that the mission building, in which were a number of priests and sisters and hundreds of children, had been surrounded by the hostiles and fired, the cavalry, who had scarcely rested for the past four days, instantly saddled, and with a couple cf Hotchkiss guns started at a gallop for the mission. When the troops reached the scene they found that the fire was confined to the day- school, which is a mile this side of the mission- house. About 1,800 Indians under Two Strikes and Little Wound were found about a mile beyond the mission. The 7th Cavalry formed into line and began the fighting, which was carried on by only three or four Indians at a time, while the main body was concealed. Colonel Forsythe suspected an ambush and would not let the enemy draw him on to dangerous ground. An hour after the depar- ture of the 7th Regiment Colonel Henry left camp with the 9tn Cavalry. Just as the circle of hostile braves was ready to charge, the men of the 9th broke in upon the rear of the Indians, who disappeared in the woods. The weary soldiers then slowly retreated, reaching the Agency after dark. The infantry had been ordered out, and were on the point of marching to Clay Creek to their com- rades' assistance, when the cavalry appeared, and they returned to their quarters. The latest telegrams say that the pretended surrender of Big Foot's band, and their subse- quent attack on the men of the 7th Cavalry Regiment, is understood to have been the re- sult of an agreement between the warriors and the medicine men for the purpose of testing the efficacy of the "ghost shirts" in warding off bullets. The disastrous result of their fanati- cal faith in these magic expedients would naturally be thought to have a cooling effect on the rest of the believers in the medicine men's advice ; but as a matter of fact the formerly friendly braves who left the Agency appear bent upon avenging the deaths of their people, regardless of the worthlessness of the vaunted "ghost shirts.'' The latest reports give the total killed as nearly 400, including about 40 white soldiers, 120 to 130 hostiles, and over 200 squaws and papooses. 