THE KEA1EA ©HOST AGASH. ? o ? . — . SIR WILLIAM MANNING AND SIB AL FEED STEPHEN. a madman's story re- told by two dotards. The daily papers of Friday last gave more or less disj dated reports of the extraordinary speeches of Sir William Manning (es-Judge) and Sic Al fred Stephen (Lieutenant-Governor and ex-Chief Jus'ice) at the annual meeting in connection with. Prince Alfred Hospital. An the statements attributed to the gentlemen mentioned were of a character calculated to arouse public curiosity as to their accuracy, we obtained a special report so as to remove any doubt. Our comments on the utterances of the two ' noble ' knghtc will be found eisewhere. THE SHOOTING OF PRINCE ALFRED. Sir Alfred Stephen, who spoke first, dragged in the attempted assassination of Prinze Alfred Duke of Edinburgh, by the madman O'Farrell in 1868. Sir Alfred Stephen said that on that day 23 yeara ago — March 12, 1868 — au alien would-be assassin sought at a festive gathering in aid of the objects and funds o£ the Sailors' Home, to stain the soil and name of our country by the murder of a son of the Queen. Mingling with the crowd neir the beach, end watching his opportuity as his intended victim walkt d to the president of the institution, he shot the Prince in the back, almost immediately discharging a second pistol, by which, failing in his object, he wounded a by stander. Well did he remember the scene which followed. The wretched man, who after wards declared that he was sorry for the act, bu% that he had been ' told off ' to commit it, waa immediately almost torn in pieces by the crowd ; and, but for the exertions of the police, aided by others of our fellow-citizens, he would have beea lynched on the spot. To emphasize our horror of the atrocious deed, and to commemorate the thankfulness of all classes at the Prince's recovery,, a public meeting was held in Sydney in the fol lowing week, at which it waa resolved that is memorial structure should be erected as an hospi tal for the sick poor. Sir Alfred Stephen, in the course of the remarks which followed, pointed out how the subscriptions to the hospital had oC late fallen off, and he made a strong appeal to the outside public for extra pecuniary Bupporfc. SIR WILLIAM MANNING'S STALE ' REVELATIONS.' At a later Btage of the meeting Sir William Manning, in moving 'that a vote of thanks be given to the honorary medical officers for their valuable services during the past year,' said that in connection with the attempt to shoot the Prince he had some particulars iu his possession which had never been mide public, probably for political reasons. It seemed to him a fitting opportunity to make them bnown now. Sir Alfred Stephen had mentioned that the would-be assassin fired only two shots. This was also the common opinion, but it was the wrong one. Three sbofcs were fired, or, at least, thr;e attempts were made. If all had been successful he (Sic Wil'iam) would not be troub'ing them that day, for the second shot was aimed at him, as he stood in front of the Prince. So close was the would-be assassin that he (the epraker) could see right dewn tbe barrel of the wiapon, but the pietol missed fire aud the speaker escaped. But what he (Sir William) wanted parti cularly to say was this, that O'Farrell, after his trial, informed his guardians, the police authori ties, that what led him to attempt the deod was the fact tbafc ten Irishmen in Sydney had re ceived a warrant from Dublin ordering the execu tion of the Prince, and ifc fell to his (O'Farrell's) lot to do the deed. His words were — ' A wartant came from Dublin directed to ten of us to execute the Prince. I drew the lot, and had to fire the shot.' This confession (Sir William Manning added) had to that day been suppressed. THE FACTS ABOUT THE ' SUPPRESSED' CONFESSION. Sir William Manning must either have a very bad memory himself or must entertain the idea that the public has none. His little bit of ' hitherto uupublished history' at the Prince Alfred Hospital meeting turns out to bo aa stale as it could vtll be. It is precisely twenty-three years old. The confession of O'Farrell which he tells us was ' suppressed for political reasons' we find ret forth in exactly the same terms as the ex-Judge now gives it to the world for positively the first time. We have given Sir William Manning's 'revela- tion' with exactness to the very word, and we now call up the Sydney Morning Herald — an authority he cannot chnl enge — as our witness, to expose and confound him. In the S. M. Herald, Tm sday, March 17, 1868, appeni'3 a report of the preliminary uagisterial inquiry held in Dariing hurst Gaol on the 13th and 16th instants, and the prisoner's statement-, when called on after the reading of the depositions, is thus given — ' Prisoner : I have nothing to say but that the task of executing the Duke was sent out and allotted to me.' ' The Crown Solicitor: Will you repeat what you have just t aid ?' ' Prisoner : The task of executing tbo Prince war. sent out to iup, bub 1 failed, and I am not Borry that Ic'ui fail.' And again, to quote the S, M, Hf.ka:w-, March 27, 1869— ' The Colonial Secretary, Mr. Parkea [now Si? Henry] and tbe Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Mr. W. M. Arnold, visited the wretched! miscreant, O'Furrell, on Wedneod&y;, tho 18th instant, when be wcg very commuoicntive in reference to his diabolical attempt on tho life of tho Prince. He stated! thrift n wdt'coa instrument had been received from tho heads (directors) of the Fenioa isovoiaeafc (or Bepublic) at home, directing the osecufcion of the Prince and that ten perccn eafcerad into a solemn engagement to shoot him. Tho lota, tho prisoner said, were drawn by a boy ia the pro sence of tbe ten men and it fell to hie lot to exe cute the Prince. Thio, it is stated, took place about two months ago.' We leave Sir William Manniag to esplnin bov7 this 'suppressed' confession, 'never before pub lished,' come3 to be on record in plain black and white in the Sydney Morning Herald of March. 17 and 27, 1868, and ia the official records. Ao a matter of 2act the wretched O'Farrell's mad Dad incoherent ravings, including this particular ?'suppressed confeotiion,' appeared in every paper in the colonies at the time and were separated throughout the United Kingdom. HOW SIR WILLIAM MANNING TUMBLED DOWN. Even in hig account of his owa heroic condaofc it Clontstf when the Prince was shot, Sir Wil liam Manning, boasting like another FolhtEff, ia not accurate. He led kio hearera to believe fife die hospital meeting last week that he waa the hero of the episode of 23 yenca ago. He told fcaem be stood and looked into the very barrel of the piBtol presented by the woold-ba assassin. Hose the brave knight 'stopped short,' and modestly allowed the re3t of the story to remain unspoken. Perhaps he forgot the part he took ia ' protect ing 'the Prince after the first shot wan fired. We will refresh hia memory just; by way of showing how on that ' historic occasion ' he lost hia head! in probably the same manner cq he did at the hospital meeting. Once more o quotation fcom, the Sydney Morning Herald. Sic William will find it, as we did, in the Herald of March 13, 1868, and in the mail summary ia the same papop os March 27 of the seme yeai? :—= 'Seeing the pistol directed tovarckj nka, Sie William Manning stoopad to evade tho oliot, end losing his balance fell. Fortunately the oharg© did not explode, but na Sir Willam woo ia the aob of rising the ruffiaa took aim a third time. Juof; at this moment Mr. Vial, coachmaker, who happened to be behind, sprang upon the cowcrdly. assailant and pinioned bis arms to Mg side.' Other accounts have it that Siz.' William Man- . ning ' tumbled down with fright' directly he caught eight of the pintol in the hands o£ the wretched O'Farrell. HIS OWN STORY EN 1868. But besides the newspaper accouato we have Sir William Manning's own abatement in the witnees-bos on the second day o£ the preliminary. esDminotion of O'Farrell. We quote feotn the S. M. Herald, Tueedcy, March 17, 1868. It is a poitionof the evidence o£ Sir William Montague Moaning, Knight :?== ' I believe I advanced in a direction towards him, I cannot be certain evea o£ advencinff, but I kaov? that was my impube 5 very shortly I oaw a man facing me ; he presented the pistol at me; I could sea the very single bara)l % I lowered myself to tho ground as quickly as I could, to avoid the shot, as it werOj oe get outo£ the line oE his fire; in doing bo Host my balance and fell completely down ; I believe 1 Ml, but before I fell quite down, or before I began to move, or when I was falling, I saw that the piotol snapped.' After describing vzith becoming modesty hox? after falling flab on the ground as ' quickly aa possible,' he Gtill gallantly 'kept his eeye OB the pistol and on nothing else,' Sir William Moa ning concluded with the following lumiaouo es= planation an to why he followed the escmple o£ grandfather's clock, and ' stopped shoL'fc,' on this occasion. We again quote our authority, tho Herald : — 'I know something stopped me Bhorti jasfc before the pistol was presented. I have ao recol lection of hearing an expression from him, but I recollect something stopped me short.' Simeon Henry Pearce, J.P., one of thepriacipal witnesses, was oBked : Are you cure you oau Ste William Manning fall ? Yea, I did ; he v/ent on bis hands and knees, as far cs I remember, and I concluded he was shot ; that was after the second! ohot, and I concluded ifc had gone through him. TESTIMONY OF A WITNESS. Mr. John Terence M'Mahon (at that time clerk in the Sydney Post Office, and now Suppriuton* dent of Mails), who, unlike Sir William Manning, put himself in danger to save the Prince at; Clontarf, followed the brave Sir William in the witness-box on March 16, 1868. Mr. M'Mahon, in his evidence (see Herald, March 17), deposed— ' I rushed up the moment I saw the Duke fall, and as I was running I passed on my right Sir William Manning and the tali man who I imagined had fired the shot. I heard the cocking and snapping of a pistol just aa I rushed past 5 I sav Sir William Manning with his hands up : I should think tho hands were a yard apart; : I did not hear another shot : I passed on to the Duke and covered his body entirely from the prisoner, who wao in a line quito behind me : my body aas between the. Duke and Sir William Manning and the prisoner ; then. I assisted the Duke into the tent and stayed with him till ho enme to Sydney.' The Fkrald of April 7, 1868, notifieo that Mr. M'Mahon had received a letter in which ' the Duke of Edinburgh espiv sned his sincere and last ing thanks to Mr. 'w 'Mibon for the great service he had so prorr? '. r -Wed.' Sir William MaUun., , ^ »*? :n:r had the bad taste — to use no harsher term — to deliberately drug into what should have been a charitable meeting a diftorted version of an unhappy incident which, all good citizens wish to bury in a generous obli vion, might at least have hr,d tho honenty and decency to give some credit to tho Catholic Irish' man who showed 'something1 liko pluck and manli ness while Sic William himaelf wnu lying proa-, trato with 'his eye on tbe pict')l '— to use his own phragp — and his courage, like Bob A0X69% ' oozing oufc of hio finges-poiats,*' 