[?] CHAPTER L; . . ; A DANGEROUS PROMISE. - lEwas pleasant to Miss Spencelaugli- to ;exehange the, blinding glare of tli'e hot May sunshine through tiie 'midst of which she had walked up from the town, for. the shaded coolness or the morning- jropiri in which luncheon was laid out, with its vista of greenery in the con servatory beyond, and the low musical plash of a tiny fountain hidden some where among the flowers ; for she had been down in Normanford all morning, Assisting at the installation of a new mistress for the school in which she fcobk so great an interest ; tempted by . the fineness of the day, she had chosen . to walk both there and back ; and now ' came " in, tired, ifjdeed, but with a heightened color in her cheeks, and an added brightness in her eyes, which made her look thoroughly charming. She found her uncle, Sir Philip Spencelaugli, already seated at table, im mersed in the Times newspaper, which had just arrived by midday train, and demanded to be skimmed through be fore luncheon could be discussed in comfort.'. He beamed on her kindly through his spectacles, and nodded his white head as Frederica entered the room. "A splendid day for the peaches, my dear," he said, and then returned to his reading. Ladv Snence- laugh had not yet left her own apart- . ments ; and as she was frequently not visible till dinner-time, her absence ex- ' cited no. surprise. " There's something hero that will interest you, Freddy," said Sir Philip, as, laughing one of his dry quiet laughs, he handed the newspaper across the table to his niece, making a certain passage with his thumb ; and then taking off his spectacles, he pro- cefeded to rub the glasses with his handkerchief, keeping his eyes fixed meanwhile on Frederica. The passage indicated was among the marriage announcements, and ran as follows : — " At Bombay, on March 20, Captain George CliHe Barringer, of the — tli Regiment, to. Euphemia, only daughter of Colonel Sir Charles Patterson, of Bryanstone- square, London." A simple statement enough, but one pregnant with much meaning to Frederica Spencelaugli. She could feel the whiteness that crept over her face as she read, and in her heart a hollow, aching pain, a3 though some vital thread had suddenly snapped'- and therewith the gladness of her life had gone out for ever. But without his spectacles the baronet's eyes were . dim, and Sir Phiiip suspected nothing. Frederica had a proud -and resolute spirit ; her uncle evidently expected her to make some comment on the news ; and before the pause had time to become an awkward one, she had rallied her strength sufficiently to speak. " I think; sir, it would have been more courteous on the part of Captain Barringer, considering the trouble yqu have been at on his ac count, had he written to inform you of his marriage, instead of leaving, you to 1 discover it by accident." There was a tremulous ring in her voice, which not j all her efforts could entirely suppress. I Oh, to get away to the silence and solitude of her own room ! " The service, my dear, that I ren dered George was nothing as between friends," said Sir Philip ; " and at his ago young fellows detest letter-writing —at least I know that I did ; besides which, he was in love, and therefore not accountable, like an ordinary mortal." ; What could Frederica do but turn over the newspaper, and make believe to be suddenly interested in the poli tical news ; but the words danced before her eves, and a wild confusion of tangled thoughts rushed madly through her brain. " Last time I was in town," resumed Sir . Philip, as he helped himself ' to the wing of a chicken, "I fell in with my old friend Desborough, whom I had not seen for several years, and J .who was formerly colonol of t.ho regiment in which Barringer is now captain. George's name came up in- sue course or convei'- sation, and I then learned that he was known among his comrades at the mess-table as " Captain Flirt " — a sobriquet which requires no explana tion. But Reynard has got caught at last, probably by some one more wary than himself ; and will now, let us hope, meet with the punishment due to his transgressions. The rascal's stay at Belair was happily of the hortest, else there is no knowing what damage those languishing eyes of his might have done to thy own poor heart, ma petite.' She got away at last, under the plea of a headache, for Sir Philip was in clined to bo prosy, and to sit longer than usual over his luncheon to-day— away to hor own pleasant little room, which looked out over the groat park of Belair, and .across the sunny fruitful valley, far into the dim recesses of the hills beyond. She1 bolted the door, and stood before the window, with clasped hands that fell dejectedly be fore her, while bitter tears over brimmed her eyelids one by one. Her proud spirit was broken for the time. She was there, without fear of witness, weeping for her lost love. Some 90 or 100 years , before the opening of our story, .the heir of the Spencelaugh's had chosen for his bride n noble Spanish lady of Old Castile, and many traits, both of person and disposition, had come down to Frederica from her lovely ancestress, whose portrait by Sir Joshua was one of the chief ornaments . of the gallery at Belair. The oval face, the delicate clear-cut features, the pure olive com plexion, through which the rich blood mantled so warmly on the slightest provocation, were common to both of them. Both, too, possessed the same large black liquid eyes, through which looked forth a soul keen, ' restless, and loving ; and the same free, proud pose of the small thoroughbred head, crowned with rich heavy coils of raven hair, which, in the case of Frederica, wero shot through with a golden arrow, to keep them in their place. Her slender throat was encircled by a, heavy necklace of opals, set in dead, gold ; and her delicatelv-tinted dress, of some light summer material, set off by its harmonious contrast the full measure of her dusky loveliness. Frederica's April shower of regretful tears for her lost love was soon over. " Fool that I am," she cried, " to weep for the loss of that which was never worth- having 1" and brush ing the last of her tears impatiently away she proceeded to light the wax taper which stood on the table, and from it the heap of fancy shav ings . with which the tireless grate was filled. While these were still blazing swiftly up the chimney she went into her bedroom, and taking up a book of devotion which lay on the prie-dieu that occupied one corner of the room she opened it at the spot where a .faded white rose lay between the leaves: — a white rose, withered and dried almost to tinder, but which, only one short half-hour ago, was cherished as a treasure beyond price. Her lips curved into a smile of bitter disdain as she looked on it now ; and there was a dangerous glitter in her eyes, which Captain George Cliffe Barringer, had he been there, would scarcely have cared- to encounter. . Carrying the open book in her hands as though it held some noxious insect, she went back to the flame, into which she shook the withered rose, looking on in silence while it dropped to pieces and shrivelled up to white ashes in the heat She had no letters nor any other love- ' token than this one poor flower ; and- when that was gone she felt as though the last frail ties which bound her to George Barringer were indeed broken forever. With the same hard proud look still on her face, she rang the bell, and ordered her mare, Zuleika, to be got in readiness, while she proceeded to put on her riding habit and hat. The air of the house seemed to stifle her ; she wanted to be away, out on the great breezy headlands, with the far-reaching sea before her eyes, where it swept outward, unconfined, to the dim blue edge of the horizon. Down th'o long avenue of the park, under ' spreading branches of beech, and chestnut, and strong-limbed oak;, through pleasant little Normanford,: lying warm and sleepy in the hot afternoon sunshine ; away over wide stretches of upland; past great Creve Tor, standing up white and solemn, scarred with the thunders of a thousand years, with the little river brawling far below.;" along the white chalkly high road, that wpnt zigzagging in an out ainopg the green wooded, hills, rode, Frederica Spencelaugli swiftly, followed at it respectful distance by Mr. Bevis, the groom. All the pleasant familiar features of the landscape were lost upon Frederica tp-day ; her mind was far away, living over again in memory that sweet holi day-time of love, that one brief golden episode of her young life,-, whose story she had ever since been whispering to her heart, but which must never more bo told again. How well she remem bered that day, but two short years ago, when her uncle, returning from town, brought to Belair a tall, hand some stranger, who was introduced to hor as Captain Barringer, the son of an old friend, encountered accidentally in London ; and what a different com plexion her life had taken from that hour ! There had been no lack of suitors for Miss Spencelaugh's heart and hand, either in town or country, for she was the greatest heiress in all Monkshiro, and a beauty beside ; but up to that timo she had moved on her way " in maiden meditation, fancy free." By what subtle process Cap tain Barringer had contrived to steal away her heart before she lci.ew of the loss sho herself would have been least able to explain. There wore no other visitors at Belair during his stay ; and having the whole field to himself, he had set himself down in his lazy, roso- lute fashion, pour passer lo temps, to win the love of the nioce of his father's friend. It was, however, a conquest unsus pected by everyone but the object of it, and all the more dangerous to Frederica's peace of mind in that the captain's system of love-making pre cluded any vulgar confession oh his part. A pressure of the hand, gentle but full of meaning ; a glance from those wonderful eyes of his, which said, " I adore you," with far more omphasis than mero words could have done J a whisper in her ear as she sat at the piano; a voice delicately modulated, which could lend to words otherwise commonplaco a meaning intended for her alone — these were the only tokens by which Frederica had learned that she was beloved ; but for her they were full of sweet significance. Captain Barringer's stay at Belair was brought to a premature close by an imperative summons to join, his regiment in India. Any but a very observant spectator of the parting between him and Frederica would have characterised that ceremony as a piece of polite frigidity ; but it had occult signs of its own, unnote'd by the world, in that tender lingering pressure of the hand ; in that one flashing glance of- love from the soldier's dark luminous eyes, artfully veiled next- moment under their long lashes ; in those two little words, " Dinna forget," whispered under the breath, and instinct with a precious meaning of their own. And then he was gone. Dinna forget !' Would she ever forget him 1" whispered Frederica to herself. "Ho ; never — never 1"' Two uneventful years had come and gone . since- .Captain- Barringer left Belair;.- but, neither the distractions of half a season in London (town-' did not agree with Lady Spencelaugh's health), nor .the quieter pleasures of country-life, had dulled the edge of Frederica's memory. Day after day she lived over again in thought the words, the looks,, the tones of the gay young soldier ; and, without being in the least melancholy or lovelorn, she clung with all a woman's devotion to the fetish she had set up in her own heart, saying to herself, times without number, that it must be good and true because it was so. beautiful. She heard of her idol frequently, but not from him ; certain law proceedings, which the baronet had kindly con sented to watch in the: interest of his young friend, necessitating frequent communications between the captain and Sit Philip ; and the letters of the former, never concluded without some message to Miss Spencelaugli, which the baronet always delivered with perfect good faith in their humor ous unveracity ; but wherefrom Frede-. rica contrived to elicit a deeper mean ing than the mere words themselves seemed to convey. ' In one of his earlier' epistles Captain Barringer had declared his intention of selling out at the end of three years, and coming home to settle ; an intimation which, to Frederica's ears, could have but one interpretation— then would his love, hitherto . unspoken, reveal itself in words, then would he claim her as his own for ever. But it was all over now — the bright dream which .she had cherished with such tender faithfuluess. Love's little comedy was played out; the lamps were extinguished ; the curtain had Cqme down with a run ; and the chill, grey daylight of reality was poured over the scene of so many vanished illusions. In the first sharp pain of her loss she thought herself more deeply stricken than she was in reality ; she knew little of the gentle power of Time to heal far worse wounds than hers ; but deemed that all her life must henceforth be as blank and dreary as she felt the present to be. Her woman's pride was deeply wounded to find how easily she had allowed herself to be fooled by one whose only object had been to while away a, few idle hours ; but sho held her crushed heart bravely, and uttered no plaint ; and never had her eyes shone' more- brightly, no-r her- dark- beauty flushed to . a rarer loveliness than' on that sunny afternoon when she rode seaward from Belair, with- the dearest hopes of her young life quenched -within her for ever. '' . A strong tide was rolling magnifi cently in when. Frederica r'eined up iier mare on the summit of the- great rock, known as Martell's Leap.- She took off her hat, and let the breeze play among her hair, and listened to the roarof the waves as they" shiveredonthe beach three hundred feet away; with eyes that followed dreamily in the wake of some -outward-bound ship, whose sails gleamed ghost-like . through the hazed that veiled the horizon a mile or; two away! She watched till the ship could be seen no ' longer, and ; then turned Zuleika's head inland, arid rode- gently homeward by way of'St.- David's Yalley, and through the ' fruitful champaign country that ' stretched southward from Belair., ' Coming' up with Sir Philip in thepark, leading his cob by the bridle, which had - fallen lame, she- dismounted;) and; took her uncle's arm, while Mr. Beyis turned off in the direction of the stables with Zuleika and the cob; v " Your roses are quite brilliant this afternoon," said the old man, gal lantly. "Oh, been as. far as Martell's' Leap, have you ? Far better than dawd ling in the house, my dear ; only bo careful you don't let Zuleika take you too near the edge, or the catastrophe that gave its name to the place might unfortunately be. repeated. Let us rest here for a' minute or two ; I have something particular, to say to you, and I could hardly have a' quieter spot than this 'to say it in." ' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 