THE STORY-TELLER. -o MELISSA'S TOUB. r.ucy looked across tho table at me with a face of horror. *. Oh, Vernon !" she cried, " whatever ars WA to do P And an American at that I This is just too ghastly !" It's a habit of Lucy'u, I may remark, to talk italic«. I laid down my coffee cup and glanced back at her in surprise. .' Why, what's up P" I exclaimed, «canning the envelope closely "A «letter from Oxford, surely. M". Wade, of Christ Church-I thought X kjuow the hand. Aud she's not an American." " Well, look for yourself !" Lucy cried, and tossed the note to me, pouting. I took it and read. I'm aware that I have the misfortune to be only a man, but it really didn't strike me as quite so terrible," Dear Mrs. Hancock,-George has just heard that your husband aud you are going for a trip to New York this summer. Uould yon manage to do us a very great kindness P I hop«» yon won't mind it. We have au * American friend - a Miss Easterbrook, of Kansas City, niece of Professor Asa P. Easterbrook, {the well-known Yale geologist-who very much wishes te find an escort across the Atlantic. If you would be so good as to lalee charge of her and deliver her safely io Dr. Horace Easterbrook, of Hoboken, on your arrival in the States, you would do a good turu to her, and, at the same timo, coufor an eternal favour on Yours very truly, EMILY WAJDE. Lacy folded her hands ia melodramatic despair. " Kansas City !" sho exclaimed with a shudder of horror. *' &ud; Asa. P. Easterbrook 1 A geologist, indeed! That horrid Mrs. Wade ! Sho just did it on purpose Î" " It seems to me," I put in, regarding the letter closely, " she did it merely be. cause she was asked to fiad a chaperon for the girl; and she wrote the vory «hortest possible note, in a perfunctory way, to the, very »first acquaintance ïshe chanced io her of who was going to America," "Vernon!" my wife exclaimed with a very decided air, "you men are such Simpletons'. t You credit everybody always with the best and purest motives. Bat), you're utterly wrong. 1 eau see through that woman, The hateful, hateful wretch 1 She did it to spite me ! Oh, my poor, poor boy ; my dear, guileless Bernard j" < ¡Bernard« I may mention, is our eldest son, aged just twanty-four, and a' Qaui bridge graduate. He's a tutor at King's. ? and though he's a dear, good fellow» and « splendid long-stop, I oonldu't myself conscientiously say I regard guileleasness as quite his most marked characteristic/ *- What are you doing P" I asked, as Lucy sat down with a rosolutely-detèr mined air at hor writing-table in ' the corner. "Doing!"my wife replied, with some asperity in her tone, "why, answering that hateful, detestable womau V I glanced over her shoulder, and fol- lowed her pen as she wrote : " My dear Mrs. Wade,-It was indeed a delight to us to see your noat little ' haud-writiug again. Nothing would give ns greater pleasure, I'm sure, than to take charge of your friend, who, I'm 'con- fident, we shall find a most charmiug companion. Bernard will be with us, so she won't feel it dall, I trust. We hope to have a very delightful trip, and your' happy thought in providing us with a travelling companion will add, no doubt, to n\\\ our enjoyment-especially Bernards. We both join in very kindest regards to Sf p. ^ade and yourself, aud I am eyer, " Yours most cordially, "LTJCT fi- HANÇQC3Ç." My wife fastened down the envelope with a very crushing air. "There,, that ought to «0 for her," sha said, glancing np s{ ine triumphantly. " I should think ana could see iront that, if she's not as blind as an owl. Vie observed her atro- cious designs ^pon Bernard, and meant to checkmate them. If, after such a letter, shs has the cheek to sand us her Yankee girl to chaperon, % shall consider« b,er lost te «U cense of Shume and all motions of decaucv. But she wqn'4, of course. S,he'Jl withdraw bar un.abtri-.sive ly. An4 iiucy flung the peccant sheet that had aroused all this wrath <w to the hack of the f^raplnce with offended dignity. Bhe was wrong, however. By neit evening's post a second letter Arrived, more discomposing, it possible, to her' nerves than the first one : ¿fro. Lucy B. Hancock, Iiondon. DEAS MADAM*. I leam from my friend,"1 Mrs. Wade of Oxford OoUege, that you ajee going to be kind enough to take charge of me across the ocean. I thank you for your courtesy, and will gladly Accept your friendly offer. If you will ;&;*?-* Ñ^.ñiQÑMil^J^fa. TUlverwoh<Als(>,i ,i£ g»u winÄej3poÄk enough t° *-"* mo from, what station yon leave London, and by what train, I will go along with you in the cars. Fin unused to travel alone. Respectfnllr» MELISSA P. EASTERBBOOK. Lucy gnited at it in despair. " A creature like that!" she cried, all horror- struck.' " Oh, my poor, Bernard ! The ocean, she says ! Go along with you in the cars ! Melissa P. Easterbrook !" " Perhaps," I said, tentatively, " she may bo better than her name. And, at any rate, Bernard's not bouud to marry her !" Lucy darted at me profound volumes of mute feminine contempt. " The girl's pretty," sho said at last, after a long deep pause, during which I had been made to realise to the full my own utter moral and intellectual nothingness. " You may be sure she's pretty. Mrs. Wade wouldn't have foisted her upon us if she wasn't pretty, but unspeakable. It's a vile plot on her part to destroy my peace of mind. You won't believe it, Vernon, but Ï know that woman. And what does the girl mean by signing herself '.Respectfully,' I wonder P" ' , " It's the American way," I ventured gently, to interpose. " Sa. I gather," my wife answered, with a profound accent of contempt. To Mr, anything that isn't doue in the purest English «ray stands ipso facto self- con- demned immediately. !1* A day or 4wo later a second letter arrived from Miss Easterbrook, in reply to one of Lucy's, suggesting a rendez- vous. I confess it tlrew np in my mindie, somewhat painful picture. I began to believe my wife's fears were in some ways well grounded. Mrs. Lucy 3. Hancock, London, [as before.] Dear Madam,-t than)*: yon, for yours, and will meet you on the day and hour you mention at St. Paneras Station. You will know me when yon see me, because 1 shall wear a dove-coloured dress, with bonnet to match, and a pair of grey spec* taclès. Respectfully. MELISSA P. EASTEBBBOOE* I laid it down and sighed. " A New England schoolmarm !" I exclaimed with a groan. ** It sounds rather terrible. A dove-coloured dress and a pair of grey spectacles ! I fancy I can picture her to myself-a talland bony person, pf a cer.' «tam -age, with corkscrew curls, who reads improving books, And has views of hor own about the fulfillment of prophesy." But AS my spirits went down, so Lucp's went up, like the old «nan and woman in/ the cottage weatherglass. "That looks, more promising," sho said. ." Tho spec-,, taclos are good. Perhaps, after al!, pear 'Bernard may escape. 1 don't think he's at ali the Bort of person to bo taken with «a dpve-coloured bonnet." For some days after Bernard camehome from Cambridge we chaffed a good deal among ourselves about Miss Melissa Easterbrook. Bernard took quite my view about the spectacles and dress. He even drew on au envelope a fancy portrait of Miss Easterbrook, as he said himself, " from documentary evidence." It repre- sented atypical schoolmarm of the most; viraient order, and was calculated to strike terror into the receptive mind of ingenuous yonth on simple inspection. At last the day carne when we were to go to Liverpool. Wè arrived at -St. PaUcras in very good time, aud looked about on the platform for a tall and hard- ' faced person of transatlantic aspect, arrayed in a dove-coloured dress and a pair of grey spectacles. Bat we jppked in vain ; nobody about seemed «te .ansiver to the description. At Just Bernard' turned to my wife witk"a coriolis jähnle. " I thinkPve «spotted her mother,*' he said, waving his hand vaguely to the right. " That lady over yonder--*ehy the door of the refreshment mona. Don't you see P That must be Melissa." «Y>|- we know her only as Melissa already »among ourselves ; it had beenraisBd to the mild rank of family witticism. « I looked in 4he direction he suggested and paused for certainty. There irreso- lute by the door and gaping about her timidly, with, inquiring .eyes, stood the Prettiest, tiniest, most IhrCukmg little Western girl you eve? saw in you? life attired, as she said, «-,» dovetcoloqred ( dress, ,with bonnet to match, aud a pati? | of ¡grey spectacles. But oh, what a dove coloured dress 1 Walter Crane might have designed it-irirae of those perfect travelling costumesof Dvhichthe «American girlsaeem to possess a monoply* and the «pectadles-"well, the spectacles, though undonbtely real-padded just a tohfeh of piquancy te an otherwise almost painfully timid and retiring little figure. The mo- ment I set eyes on Melissa Easterbrook. I will candidly admit, I was her captive a* once ; and even Lncy, as she looked at hor, relaxed her face involuntarily into a sympathetic smile. As a rule, Lucy might pose as a perfect model of tjie British matron in her ampler and mature* ywrsV'-aalnily terrible»^ asan American ohserpfir oneeídoscribodíhe ^»4; but mt aighf oftnlMlaaa -«ho ¡melted without * struggle, »'Poflrweo little thinjif I How pretty she is!" she exclaimed with a start You will readily admit that was a great deal, from Lucy. Melissa came forward tentatively, a dainty blush half rising on tier rather pale and delicate little cheek. " Mrs. Han- cock P" she said in an inquiring tone, with just the faiutost suspicion of an American accent in her musical small voice. Lucy took her hand cordially. " I was sure it was yon, ma'am," Melissa went on with pretty confidence, looking up into her face, "because,Mrs Wade told me you'd be as kind to «iW as a mother, and the moment I saw you I said to myself, ' That must be Mrs. Hancock, she's so sweetly motherly.' How good of you to burdon yourself with a stranger like me ! I hope indeed I won't be too muoh trouble." That was the beginning. I may as weil say, first as last, we were all of {is taken by stprm " right away " by Melissa. Lucy herself struck her flag uncondition- ally before a single shot "was fired, and Bernard and I, hard hit at all points, sur- rendered at discretion. She was the most charming little girl the human mind can conceive. Our cold English language fails, in its roughness, to describo her. She was petite, mignonne, graceful, fairy iike, yet with a touch of Yankee quaint ness and a delicious espièglerie that made her absolutely unique in my experience of "women. We had entirely lost our hearts to her before we reached Liverpool * and, strange to say, I believe the one of( us whose heart WSB most completely gone i was, if only you'll believe it, that calmly \ temblé Lucy, ' ? Melissa's most winning -characteristic however, as it seemed to me, was her per- fect frankness» As we whirled along pn pur .way ^spross England, s|ie told ps f everything about herself, her family, ¡hec friends, her neighbours, and the popula- tion of Kansas city general. Not obtru- sively or egotistically-of egotism Melissa: would be wholly incapable-r-but ¡h a certain, timid confiding, half-child-like -way, as of the lost little girl, that ¡was absolutely captivating. "Oh« no, ma'am," She said, iu answer to one of LucyfB earliest questions, *-* I didn't come ever alone. I think I'd be afraid to. I -carne with a whole squad of us who were doing ' "Europe. A prominent lady in Kansas c^ty took charge of the square lot. Ap.fl 3 got as far as Botne with jbhem, through ¡Cfermauy and Switzer^«.«!, auanthenmy .money wonlaVtirun to ifc^y Jur^ier/sp>1 had to go back. Travelling comes» high in Europe what with notéis, and»feos,:and having to pay to «get your baggage chadked. And that's how t came to want an escort.*' i - - | Barnard smiled g^od-n&taredly.; Mtfheh you had only a fixed Bum,'' 4te naked, Í" to ; make your European tout with." "That's so, sir/' Melissa answered, looking op at him qu^zfcaUy through i thoBe pretty «rey spectacles, "I put away jqaite a little sum of my own t to make this trip upon. It was my only* chance of seeing .Europe and improving myself a 'pieèé. I knew when I started"11 "couldp't fio all the roana trip with'the Test of my party, bat I thought I'd set out with them, anyway, and go ahead as long as my funds held out; and then when I. was through I'd turn about and come1 ^qme again." "Mut you put away the money your- self i" Lucy asked, wit)i Brittle start of admiring surprise. M. "Yes, ma'am," Melissa answered sagely. "I know it. I saved it." ¡ " From your allowance P" Lacy sug- gested, from the restricted horizon of her English point of viev,, .. t \- Melissa laughed a merry little laugh of amuBomont " Oh, ho,*- she said ; f tom' my Salary." ^ ' ! s -.Proni jtôur salary !" Bernard'put in, looking down at her with" an inquiring glance. *' Yes, air, that's it," Melissa answered, all unabashed. " Yon see, for four years I was a clerk in the Post Office." She pronounced it Vcluik." But that's a detail. » ' "Ob« indeed!" Bernard echoed. He was burning to know how, Leonid See, but politeness forbade him topress Melissa oh so delicate a point any further. ! Melissa, however, herself supplied-at ance the missing1 information. "My father was Postmaster in our city." she said simply, " under the last Administra- tion-President Blanch's, you fcno\v---*and he made me one of his clerks, 'oí course, -when he'd gotten the place, and as long as tho fun wentpn I saved all my salary" for a tour in Europe." , -'And at the end of four years ?" Lucy. aaid. ''Our party went out," Melissa put in, confidentially. "So, when »the trouble, began my father was dismissed» and thad. just enough left -to take me as far/ as Borne, as I told yon." I was obliged to explain parenthetically, to allay Lucy's wonderment, that 'in America the whole personnel of every local Government office changes almost completely with each incoming President. J ]ssa^SmWm burry-the country's liad enough of us-I just thought rd make the best of my money when I'd get it." " And you used it all in giving yourself a holiday in Europe P" Lucy exclaimed, half reproachfully. To her économie British mind such au expenditure of capital seemed horribly wasteful " Yes, ma'am," Melissa answered, all unconscious of the faint disapproval implied in Lucy's tone. " You seo, I'd never been anywhere much away from Kansas City before, and I thought this was a Bpecial opportunity to go abroad, and visit -the picture galleries and cathe- drals of Europe, and enlarge my mind, and get a little culture. To ns a glimpse of Europe's an intellectual necessary." '. Oh, then, you regard your visit as largely educational P" Bernard put in with increasing interest, Though he s a Fellow and tutor of King's, I will readily admit that Bernard's personal tastes lie rather in the direction of rowing and football than of general culture, but stil the American girl's point <rt view decid- edly attracted'thim by its novelty in « Woman. * >t *' That's so, air," Melissa answeredonce more in her accustomed affirmative. " I take it as a sort of university trip. I graduated in Europe. In America, ef fcourse, wherever you go, ali you can see**} everywhere just tho same, purely aew and American. The language, the man nor« ino type, don't vary. In Europe you cross a frontier cr a ribbon of eos, and everything's different. Now, on ^his trip of jones we went first to Chester, tp glimpse at" a ty pi cal old ¡English town ?those Bo w8, oh! how «lovely i-and then io ?Leamington, for Warwick Castle,' and Kenilworth. Kenilworth'« -¡nat glorious, 4sh*titP-with Its mouldering* red walls and its dark-green ivy, and the ghost of Amy Bobsart walking up and down upon the close-shaven English grass plots." "I've heard its very beautiful," Ber- nard .admitted gravely. -" What» yon live so close, and you've never been there 1" Melissa exclaimed, ia frank eurprise. « ' Bernara allowed, with a smile, he had been so culpably negligent. "And Stratford - on - Avon, tool" Melissa went on * enthusiastically, her black eyes bjeainipg*.' " Isn't * Stratford just charming,P I*|lon't care for ¿he interminable Shakespeare nuisance, you know-that's all too new and made up; we ponld praise * a, ¿shakespeare house Î-îçe . that in KansasQity any day; but the, church, and the elms, and the swans and the «river 1 I made such ia ¿sweet little sketch of thom alt'so spit and peaceful. At least, the place itself was as «sweet fas - aHoorner of heaven, and i tried as well as I eonld in my way to sketch it." ! v , " I Buppose it is very pretty," Bernard ' repliod, Iii a meditative tone. ¡ Melissa started FÍ8Íbjy. "Wba,t! have yon never been there either a?" she ex- claimed, taken aback. !' Well, that is -odd, now ! You live in England and have never run over to Stratford on Avon J Why, you'do surprise met But there, I suppose yob English live in the midst of culture, as it were, and can get to it all tight away at any time ; so, perhaps, you you don't think quite so much of it as we do, who have to save up our money, pec haps for years, to get, for once in onr lives, jnst a passing glimpse of it. You live at Cambridge, you see ; you must bo steeped in culture right down to the finger ends " Bernard modestly responded, twirling his manly moustache, that ¿he river apa the running ground, he feared, were more iii his way than arl or architecture. "And where also did yon go besides England P" Lucy asked really interested. " Well, Ma'am, from London we went aeróse by Ostend to Bruges, where I studied the Memlings and made A few little copiée from thejra^" "Melissa answered, frith ¡her sunny smile. " It's such, a, ftuaiujt ?ld nlace, »ßrnges. Life seems to flew as stagnant as jts own canals, Have youiever bean there ¥' "Oh, charming.Î" Lucy answered; " most delightful and quiet. Bat-er who are the Memlings P I don't quite recollect them." ?' Melissa gazed at her, open-eyed. " The Metnlingsf" she said, fclbwly? "why, Îou've just missed the best thing at »rages if you'îthvetftSeen them. They've Such a native charm of there own, so inno- cent and sympathetic.« They're ,fin the Hospital de St. Jean, yen know, where Memling put them. -And it's so delight: ful to Bee great pictures like those though they are tmyliitle things te look at \--in their native^surronttdi-jge, exactly as they were llrst Jprinted-the Cnaöse do ßif. Onsule. auf all those other lovelV jihings so infantile in ibJsir «implicit^ and yet so exquisit!vely graceful,and "pure and beautiful» I don't know as X saw anything in Europe to «qua! them for pathos in theirs own way-except, of course, the Era Angélicos at San Maroo in «Florence." «. ^-ïdoàti thlnk-fve seen them," Lncy murmured wtthr»'uhcömfortable air.. I m )f the English tone, knew a vast deal mora about some things worth notice tlian she herself did. " And where did you go then, dear Î" "Oh, from Bruges we went on to Ghent," «Melissa answered, leaning back, md looking as pretty as a picture herself ia her sweet little travelling dress, "to see the great Van Ayck, the « Adoration of the Lamb,' you know-that magnificent panel picture. And then we went to Brussels, where we had Dierick Bouts and all the later Flemings; and to A ntwesp, for Bubens and Vaudyek and Quinton Mastys ; and the Hague otter that, for fietnbr&ndt; and" Paul Potter; and Amsterdam in the end, for Yan der Heißt, and Gerard Dow bud titeaste Dutch painters. So, you eeo. We had quite au artistic tour-we followed up the development of Netherlandish art from beginning to end in historical order. It was just delightful " "I went to Antwerp once," Bernard / put in somewhat sheepishly, still twirling; I his moustache, " but it was on my way to ¡ Switzerland, and I didn't see much, as far as 1 can recollect, except the cathedral, and the quay, and the hotel I was stop- ping at." (? " Ah, that's all very well ior you," Melissa answered, with a rather envious air. b" You can nee these things any tlay. But for us the chance comes outy^nee iu a lifetime, and we must make the most of it." ' Well, in such converse^ as this wo reached Liverpool in &np; %me, and went next morning on board, opr¡steamer. We had«a lovely passage out, aud gil tho way, the more we saw foi Melissa the more we j liked her, To be sure, Lncy received a 1 terrible shock the third day ont, when she asked Melissa what she meant to do when i she rejturned to Kansas Oity. " You won't go into the post offi.ee again, I sup- pose, dear?" she said kiudly, for we had got by that time bn most "friendly terms with our little Melissa. *'ï gnèss not,"'jJ!le.is8& answered. "No such luck any more. "Til hare to go back to the store as usual." " The store!" Lucy repeated bewildered. " I-J fafâ quito pu4efakaaaú¡foa.i' " Well, the shop, X presume youM call it," Melissa answered, smjling. "Uly father's gotten a book Btere in ¿Kansas Oity, and ¿afore I went into the post office I helped him at *he counter. In fact, 1 was híspalos woman»'' ¡J t " I assure you, Verubn,'* fMfö Vôu-ark od in our berth ^iat¿ night, "if an Euglisiiworoan had said *t to0me,T4 have bee« pbliged to apologise ,Jo he> for haring forced^her- io confess S, and I ion'« knowvwhat way I ¿houlcU-erpr have looked to «hidei any JaoBi while «he was talking about it. But ^ith Melissa it's all different, somehow. <Shespoke as if it svasthe most natural thing-- ion earth for kor father to keep a^shap/and ah,e didn't leern the least little bit in the world whamed of^t teithep." "Why should she?'* I answerey} with my masculine bluntness. 'But'that was aerhaps a trifle too advanced Jet* Lucy. Melissa was exercising a widening influ- íaos on my wife's point of view with .stonishine; rapidity ; but still a porfect lady must always draw a line somewhere. All the way across, indeed, Melissa's lively talk was a constant delight and pleasure to every one of ns. She was so baking, that girl, BO confidential, so Friendly. We really loved her! Then her quaint little Americanisms were as pretty as herself-no1; only her " Yes, sirs," and "No, ma'ams," her "I guess," and "That'sso," but her fresh Western Ideas and her infinite play of fancy in the Queen's ! English. She turned it as a potter turns his clay. In Britain our mother tongue has crystalised long since into set forms and phrases. In America it has «till the plasticity of youth; it is fertile in novelty-nay. even in surprises. And Melissa knew how to twist it deftly into unexpected quirps and incongruous conjunctions. Her talk ran du like a limpid brook, With a musical ripple play- ing ever on the surface. AsíorBernard, he helped her about the ship like a brother, as she moved lightly around with her sylph-like little for m among the ropes and capstans. Melissa liked tobehelped, she said; she said she öUiJn't believe in woman's rights ; no<rùuieed^fi.p,wa8 a (treat deriioa food*f,»6.ng4*ken pare of for that. ' And whowouldn!* ¡take-care of her, that delicate little'thing, like somo choice emull -masterpiece vi 'cunning workmanship f Why, she almost!ooked as if she were mads of ^Venetian- glass, and a fall on deck wouldtshattèr^her into a thousand fragments. ~ And.hertalk, all the way.-waàacf the joys of Europe-the castles .and abbeys she was leaving behind, the pictures and statues; she bad Been ina aSâtreti, the pictures ' and staines she had'Mt un visiteo. ''Somebody told me in"Paris," she said to me one day, as «be nunton my «arm on^eckand Jiooked up into my face confidently with that childlikei smile of liera, "the onlyihappy, time ip,an Ameri cau svoinan'sJlfei is the period w)»n*<ihe'8 .iuitrgot^er«the firati poignaiit-^gi-et of 1ii-*tng4eft.Eni-o>3 ajad Jlisa'ay#t3»ached .fte^nt^hft %h£fcw*e<fc»* Hot, m\vA that, come what will, she really must go hack again' And I thought, for my part, then uj-happiness was fairly spoiled for life, for ;I shall never be able again te < alford the journey." '*'Melissa, my child," I said looking down at those ripe, rich lips, " in tin's world one never knows what may turn up next. I've observed on my way dowu the path of life that when fruit hangs rosy rod on the tree by the wall, some passer- by or other is pretty sure in the end to pick it." But what was too much for Melissa's Americau modesty» She looked down and blushed like a rose herself. But she answered me nothing. A night or two boforc we reached New York JLwas standing in the gloom, iialf hidden hy a boat on the davits amidship, enjoying my vespertiual cigar in the cool of evening ; aud between the puffs I caught from time to time stray snatches of a convetsatiou going ou softly between Bernard and Melissa. I had noticed of : late, indeed, that Bernard and. Melissa' walked much on deck in the evening* together; but this particular evening they walked long and late, aud their conversa- tion seeped to nie (if I might judge by fragments) particularly confidential. The bits of it 1 caught were mostly, it is true, on Melissa's part, (when Bernard said any thiug, he said it lower). She was talking enthusiastically of Venice, Florence. Pisa, Borne, with occasional hying excursions, into Switxerlautiaad the Tyrol. Once as she passed I heard something murmured low about Botticelli's'"Primavera;*' when' next she went by it WAS the Alps from Murren; a third time, akftin, it was the Mosaics at St. ' Mark's, aud Titiatfe " Assumption," and t ie Doge's Palaee. What so innocent 4* art, in the moon ligbt, on the ocean P '. Atlast Birnar.1 paused Just"opposite where I stood (tor they did not perceive me) and said Very earnestly ; " Look here, Melissa "-»he had called her Melissa almost from the first moment, aud she seamed to prefer it, it seemed so natural ; " look here, Melissa. Dp you know when youitelfc^bont things like that you make me feel so dreadfully asftamedpf myself/' ."Why ao. Mr. Hancock?" Melissa »wl«4 ionoeentJy.^ _ , ".Well, when I think of the.opportuni- ties I've had/'Aud how little I've used them," BernarjL jjpxclaimed with vehem- ence, "andthen reflect how few you've Soti andhowsplendidly you've male the eat of them; I-Justvblusk, I tell you, Melissa, for my own lazinesB." " Perhaps," Melissa interposed .with a grave littföair,*, if one had always been brought upamongitall, one wouldu'tthink quite so much-of-tt'. it's the novelty and antiquityiibal makes* it sb charming to people from my country. I suppose it seems quite natural now to youthat your pariah^ahurch^houtâ be .600 years old, and navf temps in-thB chancel with Elita«l)É|n ifitÊs, or tts floor inlaid wiro Plantagenet föwsof- ft01-8 **.* thatseem§' mysterious, 4¡ndMn%%ettaf£ sort of way one-might almost say magical. Nobody can love Europe quite so well, Míñ*ur^ Who has lived in it from a child. * You grow up to many things Jihat burstwfresh upon us at last wi#aU the iutettt^ delight of a new 8ensatíoñ."Xu*..L .,, "" -*T.. They stood still as they spoke and looked hard at one,another. TheVe wah'' a minute's pause. Then Bernard began agaiu.Y'CrasiaT f KeW^edfÄ" in rather 4 tremulous voice, "are you sorry to go home again f" ",I just jhate it." .Melissa answered with a vehement burst; Then she added after a second» "Bnt> I enjoyed the vovage." ""You'd like to live in Europe?"' Bernard asked. * ". , - " I should love it 1" Melissa replied. " I'm jEbnd jof, my folks, of course, and I ehouldi)6*orry to lèave'them-.'rbutTgnst love Europe. I shall never go again, though. Lshall come right away back to Kansas Oity now and keep store for father for the restai my natural existence." ?'It seems hard,*' Bernard .went on musing, " that anybody like you, Melissa, with such a taste for arl and of all beautiful things-anybody who can draw such sweet dreams of delight as those heads you showed us after Filippo Lippi -anybody whoCanappreciateTlorence and fsnico/end Romo «s you do, should have Ï live ¿all her. life in a far western town d mebttHtbaomrole sympathy as you're, lately to find jthere," ^-TfajBjfefl ^lie -rub« Meliissa replied, lt^kcnffmp^teitûs^face with such a con fia^SuSokr-(if 2Siny pretty girl had look- ed up at me like that I shonld have known what to do with her; but .Bernard was twenty-four, and young men are, modest.) " That's the rub, Mr. Hancock. I like-»well, European society so very much better. Our men are nice enough in their own way, don't you know; but they somehow lack polish-at least, ont West, I mean-in Kansas City. '"Europe- ans mayn't be very inuclt better when you get right at them, perhaps ; but on the outside any way, to me, they're more at* tractive somehow." There was another long pauso, during which I felt as guilty as ever eaves dropper before me Yot 1 was glued to the spot. I could hardly escape. At last Bernard spoke again. " I should like to have gone round With you On your tour, Mellissa,'* he said; "I don't know Italy. I don't suppose by myself I could cveu appreciate it. But if you were by my side you'd have taught me what it all meant, and then I think I might perhaps anderstand it " Melissa drew a deep breath. " I wish I could take it all over again," bhe answered, half sighing. " And I didu't see Naples i either. That was a great disappointment. I should like to have seen Naples, I must Confess, so as to know I could at least in the end die happy." " Why do you go back P" Bernard asked suddenly, with a bounce, looking flown at that wee hand that trembled upon the taff rail. " Because I can't help myself," Melibsa answered, in a quivering voice " I should like-I should Uko to live always in Eng- land" " Have you any special preference for any particular town?' Bernard asked, moving closer to her-though, to be sure, he was very, very near already. "N-no; u-none in particular,"' Melissa stammered out faintly, half sidling away from him. f ! " Not Cambridge, for example ?" Ber- nard asked, with a deep gulp, and an audible effort. - I felt it would be unpardonable for me to hear any more. I hud heard already many things not intended for me. I sneaked off, uuperceived, and left those ttro alone to complete that conversation. Half an hour later-it was a calm moonlight night-Bernard ru*.hed down eagerly into the saloon to find us. ' "aPather and mother/' he said, with a bur*,* "1 want you up on deck for just ten minutes. There's something up there Ishould like so much to show you." "Not whales !" I asked hypocritically, suppressing a smile. " So, not whales," he replied ; " some- thing much more interesting." We followed him blindly, Lucy much in doubt what the thing might be, and F muoh in wonder, after Mrs. Wade's letter, how Lucy might take it. " At the top .of the companion, ladder Melissa stood waiting for us, demure but subdued, with a still more timid look than « evernpon that sweet, shrink.ngjsmall face; of héta. Her heart beat hard, 1 could see j by the movement of her bodice and her! breath came and went; ^nit, fihe stood j there like a dove, in her dove-coloured j travelling dress. "Mother," Bernard began,H'Melissa's[ obliged to come back to America, don't Îbu know, without ever seeing Naples.; t seems a horrible shhme she should mfes seeing it. She hadn't-money enough left, you recollect, to tejke her there." j " Lucy gazèlï at him unsuspicious. " It. Soes-seema-pity/' she answered, sympa-1 îetically. *"$5h^'d enjoy it so much. Fm ? sorry she liaJBn't been able to carry out all her programme." i'Ähd, mother," Bernard went on, bis; eyes fixed on hers. " how awfully she'd be} thrown awayjto Kansas City. I can't bear to think of her going back to ' keep, store ' there." \ r 1 \ "For'my partiljthinl*; it positively, .wicked," Lucy answered with a smile,, £and I cap't think whaty-weU, people in England-are about to allow her to io it."| I opened my eyes wide. Did Lucy .know what sheiwa* sayingP 'Or fifö Melissa, th'enr fascinated hbr-the arch little witch !-as she had fascinated the rest of us P ' But Bernard, emboldened by this excel lent opening, took Moussa by the hand, as' afin due form to present her. " Mother,", he said tenderly, leading her forward, "andaather, too; ibis3s' what I wanted' to show you-the girl I'm engaged to I" J paused and trembled, I waited for the thunderbolt. But no thunderbolt ml On the contrary, Lucy stepped forward, and under cover of the mast, ^caught Melissa ia her arms and kissed her twice over. .' My dear child," she «ried, pres- sing her hard, " my dear little daughter, I don't know which of you two I ought most to congratulate." "But I do," Bernard murmured low. And his father though I am, I murmured to myself, " And 60 do L also." "Then you're not ashamed of me, mother dear," Melissa whispered, bury- ing her dainty little head on Lucy's shoulder, " because I kept store in Kansas CityP" Lucy rose above herself in the excite- ' ment of the moment. " My darling wee daughter," she answered, kissing her tenderly again, "it's Kansas Oi,ty alone "j ¿hat ought to be ashamed of itself for' putting you to keep store-such a sweet little gem aB you are."-GRANT ALLEN, in Lvngman's Magazine. 