THE SOWTH SEAS. ; PART 11.— THE LOW ARCHIPELAGO. , : (BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.) Chatter XIX.— Gratetaud Stories Con- ' tinted. it is plain we liavo in Europo stories of a similar, complexion, and tho Polynesian varuu. ino or-iu'fu o le vao is clearly tho near kinsman of tho .Transylvanton vampire. Hero is a tale in whioh tho kinship appears broadly, marked. un tuo atoll of Fenriiynn, then stul partly savage, a certain chief was long tho Balutary terror of the natives. Ho, died, ho was buried ; and. his . late neighbors bad searco tasted the- delights of licenco: ore his ghost appeared about tho villago. Fear seized upon all; a council was held of the chief men and Bor- carers ; and with tho approval of the Rarotongnn missionary, who was as frigktohod as the rest, anil iu tho presence of several whites — my friend Mr. Bon Herd being ono— tho' gravo was opened, deepened until water came, and the body reintcrred fnco down. Tho . still recent staking of suicides in England and tho decapi tation of vampires ia tho east of Europe form close parallels.' . So iu Samoa only tho spirits of the unburied awako fear. During tho late war many fell in tho bush; their bodies, sometimes headless, wore brought baok by nativo pastors and in terred ; but this (I know not why) was insuffi cient, and the spirit still lingered on the theatre of death. "When peaco returned a singular scene was enacted in many places, and okiefly round the high gorges of Luatuanuu, where the struggle was long centred nnd the loss had besn sevore. Kinswomen of tho dead camo carrying a mat or sheet and guided by sur vivors of the fight ; the place of death was earnestly sought out ; tho sheet was spread upon tho ground, and tho women, moved with pious anxiety, sat about and watched it. If any living thing alighted it was twice brushed away ; upon the third coming it was known to bo (he spirit of the dead, was folded in, oarricd home and buried beside the body ; and the aitu rested. Tho rito was praetiscd boyond doubt in simple piety ; the reposo of the soul was its object — its motive, revoront affection. The present king disowns indeed all knowledge of a dangerous aitu ; he declares tho souls of the unburied were only wandorers in limbo, look ing an entrance to tho proper country of tho doad, unhappy— nowiso hurtful. And this severely olassio opinion doubtless represents the views of tho enlightenod. But the flight of my Lafaolo marks the grosser terrors of the ignorant. \- This belief in the cxoroislng efficacy of funeral rites perhaps explains a fact otherwise amazing, that no Polynesian sooms at all to share our European dread of human bones and mummies. Of the first they made their olierished orna- ments ; they preserved them in houses or in mortuary caves, and the watchers of royal sepulchres dwelt witii their ohildren among tho hones of generations. Tho mummy, oven in tho making, was as little feared. In tho Marquesas, on tho extremo oast, it was made by tho household with continual unction and exposure to tho sun ; in the Carolines, upon tbo furthest west, it is still cared in tho smoke of tho family hearth. Head hunting, besides, still lives around my doorstep in Samoa, nnd not ten years ago, in tho. Gilberts, tho widow must disinter, cleanse, polish and thenceforth carry about with hor, by day and night, tho head of her dead husband. Iu all these cases we may snpposc the process, whether of cleansing or drying, to havo fully oxoroiscd tho olay. But the Paumotuan belief is more obscure. Hore tho man is duly bnried, and he has to be watched. Ho is duly watched, and tho spirit goes abroad in spito of watches. Indeed, it ib not tho purpose of tho vigils to prevent thoso wanderings; only to mollify. by polito atten tion tho inveterate malignity of the dead. Neglect (it is supposed) may irritate and thus invito his visits, and tho aged and weakly sometimes balance risks, and, liko our widow, stay at home. And observe, it is tho dead man's kindred and next friends who thus dep. recato his fury with nocturnal watokings. Even tlio placatory vigil is hold perilous except in company, nnd a boy was pointed out to mo in Rotonva because ho had watched alono by his own father. Not the ties of the dead, nor yet their proved character, affcot tho issue. A late resident, who died in Fakarava of sunstroke, was beloved iu life and is still remembered with affection ; none the less his spirit went about tho island clothed with ter rors, and tho neighborhood of Government House was still avoided after dark. AYe may sum up the cheerful doctrine thus : All men become vampires, and the vampire spares none. And horo wo come face to face with a tompting inconsistency. For tho whistling spirits are notoriously clannish ; T understood them to wait upon and to enlighten kinsfolk only, and that the medium was always of tho raco' of : the com municating spirit. Hore, tiicn, wo have the bonds of th'o family, on : th"o one hahdi severed at the hour of death; on tho other, helpfully persisting— possibly- for generational The ekild's soul In tho Tahitiaii talo was wrapped in leaves. It is the spirits of the newly dead that are the daiaty ; when they are slain the house is stained with blood. ; Rua sdoad fishorman was decomposed ; so— and horribly— was his arboreal domon. ".The spirit, then, is a thing material ; audit is by the material eusigns of corruption that ho is distinguished ' from the living mnn. This opinion is widespread, adds a gross torror to the more ugly Polynesian tales, and sometimes dcfacos tho more engaging with a painful and incongruous touch. I will give two examples sufficiently wide apart, one from Tahiti, ono from Samoa. And first from Tahiti. A man went to visit tho husband of his sister, then some time dead. In her lifo the sister had boen dainty in tho island fashion, and wont always adorned with a coronet of fiowors. In tho midst of tho night tho brother awoke and was aware of a heavenly fregranco going to and fro in the dark houses Tho lamp I must suppose' to havo burned ; "out ; no Tahitian would have slept without ono lighted. Awhile he -.lay wondering and do. lighted.; then called upon the rest. "Dononeof you smell flowers ?" ho osked. !' Oh," said Iub brother-in-law, " we are "used to that here.' The next morning these two men wont walking, and the widower confessed that his dead wifo camo abont tho' house - continually,1 'and that ho had even Been hor. She was shaped'and drossed and crowned with flowers as in hor lifetime ; only she moved a; few. inches above the earth with a very easy progress, and flitted dry shod above the snrfaoc of tho rivor.'." And now comes my point— it was always in q back view that, she appeared, and these brothers-in-law, debat ing tho affair, agroed that this 1 was to conceal the inroads of corruption; Now for tho Samoan story. I owe it to tho kindness of Dr. F. Otto Sioricb. whoso collec tion of folk tales I expect with a high degree of interest A man in Manua was married to two wives and had no issue. Ho wont to Savaii, married there a third, and waB more fortunate. AVhcn liis wife was near her timo bo remembered he was in a strange island, like a poor man ; and when his ohild was born, he must bo ashamed for lack of gifts. It was in vain his wifo dissuaded him. He returned to. liis father in Manua, seeking help; and with what ho could got he set off in the night; to re- embark. Now his wives heard of his coming : thoy were inconsed be did not stay to visit them, and on the beach, by his ,'eanoe, inter cepted end slew him. Now, tho third wife iny asleep in Savaii, her babe was born, and slept by her side ; and she was awakened by the spirit of her husband. "Got up," ho said, "my father is sick in Manua, and we muBt go to visit him." "It is well," said sho; "tnko you the child, while I carry its mats." "I cannot carry tho child, said tho spirit; I am too cold from tho sea. " Now, when they werogotonboard tho canoo the wife smelt carrion. "How is this?" sho said. "AYhat havo you in.' tho canoo that I should smell carrion?" "It is nothing in tho canoe,!' said the spirit. "It is tho land wind blowing down the mountains, whore some beast lies dead. It appears it was still nijght when they reaohed Manila— tire swiftest passage npoa record — and as they entered the reef the balo fires burned in the villago. Ajgnin sho asked him to carry the child ; but now ho need no more dissemble. "I oannbt carry your ohild," said he, "for I am dead, and the fires you see aro burning for my. funeral." . Tho ourions may learn in Dr.' Siorioh's book tho unexpected sequel of tho tale. Here 'to enough for my purpose ; and you will observe that though the man was. bnt new . dead tiie ghost was already putrefied, as though putrefac tion were the mark and of thecssance of a spirit, Tho vigil on the Paumotuan grave dees not extend boyond two weeks, and they told me this period was thought to coincide with that of the resolution of the body. The ghost always marked with decay, tho danger seemingly ending with tho process of. dissolution, here is ' tempting matter for the theorist. But it .will not do. Tho lady of tho flowers lmd boen long dead, and her spirit was still supposed , to hear the brand of perishability. The resident had been more than a fortnight buried, and his vampire was htill sup posed to go the rounds. . Of the last state of tho dead, from tho lurid Mnngaian legend, ia which', infornal deities harass and destroy the sonls of all, to the various submarine and mrial' limbos where' the doad feast, float idlo, or resume .the occupa tions of thoir life on earth, "it would bo weari some to telL One story I give for it to singniar in itself, is well known in - Tahiti, and has this ot interest, that it is post' Christian, dating, in deed, from but a few years back. A Princess of tho reigning house died, was transported to tho neighboring isle of Roiatea ; fell there under the empire of a spirit who condemned her to climb cocoa palms all day and bring him tho nuts ; was found after some timo in this miserable servitude by a second spirit, ono of her own house ; and by him, upon her lamentations, rcconveyed to Tahiti, whore she found her body still marked but already swollen with the appronehos of corruption. It is a lively point in tho talo that, on the sight of this dishonored tabernacle, tlio Princess prayed she might con tinue to be numbered with tho dead. But it seems it was too late, her spirit was replaced by tho least dignified of entrances, and her startled family beheld the body move. Tho seemingly purgatorial labors, tlio helpful kindred spirit, and tho iiorror of tho Princess at the sight of her tainted body, aro all tho points to ha remarked. Tho truth is tho talcs ore not necessarily con sistent in themselves ; and thoy aro furthor darkened for tho stranger by an ambiguity of language. GhostH, vampires, spirits and gods are all confounded. And yot I seem to pcr- ceivo thnt (with exceptions) those whom wo would count gods wero not maleficent. Per manent Bpirits haunt nnd do murder in corners of Samoa ; but thoso legitimato gods of Upolu nnd Savaii, where wars and cricketing of lato convulsed society, I did not gather to ho dreaded, or not with a like fear. The spirit of Anna tlint ate souls is certainly a fearsome in mate ; bat tho high gods, even of tho archi pelago, seem even helpful. Mnhinui— from whom our convict-catoohist had been named — tho spirit of the sea, like a ProteuB, endowed with endless avatars, camo to the assistance of tho shipwrecked, and carried them ashore in tha guise of a ray fish. The same divinity horo priests from islo to isla about tho archipelago, and by his aid, within the century, persons havo been seen to fly. The tutelar diety of each islo is likewiso helpful, and by a particular form of wedge shaped cloud on the horizon, nnnounces the comiuir of a shiD. To one who ooncoives of these atolls, so narrow,' so barren, so beset in tire sea, hero would seem a superfluity of ghostly denizens. And yet there arc more. In the various brackish pools and ponds beautiful women with long red tone are scon to riso and batho, only (timid as mice) on tho firat sound of feet upon the coral they dive again for over. Thoy aro known to ho healthy and harmless living peoplo, dwollora of an under world; and tho same fonoy is current in Tahiti, whore also thoy havo tho hair red. Tea is tho Tahitian name ; the Paumotuan, Mukurcu. Even white sailors who ply in the archipelago bccomo infeotod with superstitions, or what seem to bo so. It is possiblo enough that an ntoll may bo visiblo to great distances, by .tho green radiance of tho lagoon projeotod on tho atmosphere. That a cloud always indicates tho position of a navigable passago I think we may deny. 