'ise goes to England for ten weeks, feied to tedgn his seat lor South Offer not accepted ! Barney can Ghilde jUarold business peaooiCuliy, luso ihe Brotectiouists in the Loii- when he gets there. II too tiscol question cannot be sunk it : should be settled. The chief opposition to this is afforded by blatant fiscal bigots. ' mostly of tho Single-tax persuasion. The capitalists — oven the rag merchants — say ' they are satisfied to have a change. But tho heroic malcontent who boasts himIf a dis- ; eiplo of Cobden-Club Chjorge is prepared to die I first. Let him die ! His imbecility and i imrrow mindedncss offer no justification for < his further existence. ' The fiscal fight goes merrily on, and the i demon of discord is present oven at the con- I yivialities of the wage-slaves. At tho Com- : mcrcial Travellers' Annual diimur, on Tues- I day evening there was almost a freo fight i over Freetrade and Protection, and right I throughout the country the old ghost stalks onco more. It is stated that when tho new tariff was brought into the House a Freetrade jPanl Bevero started to ride through the j country to arouse tho people to revolt against I the Government. When the-, workers are older they will probably get sense — that is to 'say, in about a hundred years or so, when :starvation and tyranny has driven them to .think, they will x>roceed to smother the man 'who even mentions the word " tariif." L r A resolution of sympathy with persecuted Jews in Bussia was passed at a public meet ing hold in tho Y.M.C.A. hall on Monday ond ordered to be forwarded to the Governor. Although the sweating sj'stem goes merrily . on . in Wexford- street, and the Jews of Sydney are resorting to all'sorB" 'oTTuinoiy "pr'acuotn - to defeat the tailors on strike, no weak-eyed knock- kneed body of pious youths have en deavored to intervene. Neither have the "social gimlets'" nor the sanctified drapers' assistants passed any resolution of sympathy? with the sweaters' victims. Yet, if a Kus- siw Jew is deserving of sympathy bemuse ho suffers at the hands of the Christian perse cutors, surely the Christian who is ground down by the Jew should receive it also. Tho swottl of Sanctity ought to cut both ways ! A « f - Both France and Bulgaria have appealed to the Forte m connection with the.dulty Arising out of the expulsion of a French ! jouimalist from Bulgaria. Franco complains I that the action of Bulgaria amounts to a ; violation of capitulations. Wo know a few . joumalistH in tliis colony whoso expulsion 'therefrom would - be a fit subject for a tational thanksgiving,- or rather, ',wu know jmo outrages on the profession who desire ' to pose as litterateurs, when providence ua- Iiuistakeably destined them for the organ ginding industiy. The unlettered ignorance I of these Uterary pirates is only equalled by their blatant assumption. The purification of the Press is almost as urgent as the puri fication of tho pulpit. Both are contaminated by the presence of false prophets, and both ihavo u direct influence on public opinion, i ' Tho recent action taken by Mr. Sceusa, in ibis capacity of ''Protector of Labor" — an i honorary office attached to the Italian Work men's Mutual Benefit Society — has raised tho virtuous indignation of the conservative and vagrant elasses of Italians in. Sydney and Melbourne, and rumours are afloat of browing storms, having for their object the branding of the sacrilegious disreger of patriotic I prejudices as a "traitor to' his country," 'while all tho time ho has b working for !the good of his fellow-countrymen. . Even 'some members of the aforesaid -society did, at itheir lost Monday's meeting,, censure Mr.' 'Scousa for some pertinent questions put to the Trades and Labor Counoil through a letter which we publish in another columu. It was asked of him how far ho would go with his jcaustic means, to which he replied, "As. far I as - to obtain either the full respect for the Italians in Australia or the shutting of tho Aus&alion; ports against them. I intend to solve .the foreign question hero before it ireacbes the ineuiable stage in which it >Te- :sont8 itself in America." This statement created a sensatidii. . -Ultimately a unanimous vote of confidence in Mr. Sceusa, and of solidarity -with all he had so fur done, was (passed by the Assembly ; but it appears that in the future the Council expects to have tho right .of rorisieu of all communications of im- ivttifanf. ' A r\9 Wuvilaa aavnu olo/v pae to tho Trades and Labor Council. Wo arc glad that the Italian Workmen's Society intends to persevere in the help accorded in tho past to Mr. Sceusa, who enjoys already the support of public opinion and of tho 'Labor organisations throughout Australia, and who, in cmseqiience; is in a positioii to fight the good cause undertaken to a finish, independently of any support from his com patriots. ' ' . ' , . Labor organisatious in Paris need pay no I" city has built halls for the I holtog of meetmgs in the different districts, I tmd' whore sueb- nails do not yet exist the I Goremment pays tho rent. The strikes in I S"" "'S mfrequTOt, as the trades are I organist, and contractors I furaisbmg labor or material to the city are I 1 i?8y compelled to rscogniso the unions. I only iJlO wore; spent by the I ; wuo?s to support members en strike. . 