A HAUNTED MAN. By Arjar.i. s. Bi-ecaor, I commenced life as clerk to a firm of well taiown country solicitors, with tbe hope that I might some day be article;! and (ret through ray “ exata3.,” ami start oh ray own account. Iu those days lawyer’s clerks were permitted to Appear before the magistrates in trivial cases, and my face soon became pretty well known at tbe police-court of X— . I *raust decline to give the came of the place and the name of the principal character of this story, for many and obvious reasons—one being that it is no wish of mine to harrow up the feelings of any rela tive he may have lett behind. Messrs. Parche and Ferritt, my employers, ■wereentrusted with many criminal eases—in deed half the briefs during session and nssin times were prepared by them. It was part of my duty to take down the preliminary t-iate raents of prosecutors and defendants, and to iish out cases to be cited either in surmort or extenuation of the various offences. Mine was not always pleasant work. Sometimes I had to listen to a tearful woman who Lad scraped up a little money to defend an erring son (a remark of one of these poor creatures became indelibly fixed on my mind—“Ah. &ir.;” she aaid. 44 when that lad was young, he wearied ray arm, and now he has broken my heart”): at others I had to take notes from the rasping voice of some bullet-headed, frowning rascal who expected a “ stretch,” but wished it to be ns short as possible. The com and cattle market day at X was always a busy one. People j'bured into the city from all parts of the couuty. and gave us plenty to think about and do atthe office. P&rche; and Ferritt departed in company as early ns possible for the seaside to recruit th*-ir mental and physical strength, the junior clarks went their several ways, and 1, wkese duty it was to lock up the office, and see that all was well, remained behind to work out some knotty point on the law of trespass, which was then bothering my min J. The desks were surrounded with jrrecn rep curtains, hung upon rings, so as to be moved one way or the other, and I was |»oring over a lawbook,when I thought I heard the rings jingle slightly. J put the sound down to the effect of a cur rent of air, ss no footfall had announced that anybody had entered the office, and I did not oven take the trouble to raise my head. But suddenly I started as a voice said: “ I beg your pardon; can I have a few words with your” Looking up, I raw the face of an aged and crcy-haired man. The gaslight shone full upon nis features, and I noticed that the muscles were moving as if the man had either been running, or suffered from chronic shortness of breath. “It is very late,” I replied, “Messrs. Parch© and Ferritt have left, but they will be here early on Monday morning. Is the business you have ccme upon of a very pressing nature?*’ “Not so much, you might think: and if I had written a note, it would have answered the same purpose. Yet”—he hesitated for a moment—1* yet I should like to say what I have to say now. and have done with it.” “Come round,*’I said, “and sit down; you look fatigued. Why/* I added, as the whole of his figure came within view, ** it is Mr. Herrard ; but I am sure I did not recog nise you. I suppose I must blame the gaslight Mv visitor was a well known man at X-, ami heiiad no common sorrow to bear. Some sixtetn years previcus his wife bad left him iu a mysterious manner, and had never, been sjice kyard of. Kermrd published her de.vription id all the arid local papers, but in vx;n. and the supposed basely*dece:ved hut band became an object of sympathy. His friends told him that he ought to be thankful that there were no children to bear the disgrace of their mother’s shame. Bat a« time went on the affair was forgotten, and William Herrard, a retired jeweller, moved about, rectivmg no more thought or attention than an ordinary, quietly-disposed man gets in a busy place. ** I am not much changed either,** be said, forcing a smile to hu this lip*. “ I want to make an appointment for 11 o'clock on Mon II Where?—here, or at your own residence*:” I asked. 44 I have business to do at the police-court,” he replied, “ and you will find me there. You need not trouble to ask either of vour governors to come, as you can take down the statement I have to make. Did you ever read this book?” He put it down on the desk—dropped it, in fact; and glancing at the gaudily- illustrated work. I read the title. “ Murder Will Out.” 44 Xo,” I replied ; 441 had little time to read novels. I wish I had. What are too peeping round the screen for ? There is nothing there. Perhaps you feel a draught, and if so, draw your chair a little further round.” 441 thought I saw”- He hesitated, and then, wrenching the chair cn cue side: 441 am getting old and foolish, I think. Of course it is only fancy. I suppose you don’t believe iu • *\Xot I,” I responded, laughing, and yet feeling a little uncomfortable, without knowing why; “and I am sure you have lived loag enough to be of the same opinion.” “There’s something about a ghost in that look,** he said, tapping it with his forefinger. “I will leave it for you, as I have read it through. There are many interesting passages in it, and it proves beyond a doubt that the con science of a guiltv man will raise apparitions before his eyed. f have turned down one par ticular leaf. Good-eight, and don’t forget Mon day morning—eleven o’clock, sharp. Having been a busy man. I am very particular about appointments. Could you”—again he beutated in the manner which I had marked as peculiar —*• give me a glaa* of water r” There was & carafe in the waiting-room, and I burned to fetch it from the table. Tbe room was in darkness, and, as I turned, I saw William Herrard gliding round the desk, acd thought that he was coming tc meet me. But his eyes had a strained and far-away ex pression, and his lips were moving, as though addressing someb-dr. * Mr. Herrard.” 1 said, sharply, as I con fronted him, glass in hand, 44 vou aic not quite ^ ” I advue ?ou to go to-night, and He swept his hand across his brew aa he looked at me. and I saw that his face was damp with clammy perspiration. “Come.” I added, “you must hare had •omething to upset you to day. or you would not behave like ihia. I begin to think that you must have been too long in the company of some of your old friends, the fanners.” “ Perhaps—very likely,” he muttered, taking the glass and emptying it greedily; 44 but I know what I am about and what I am saying. Mind, eleven o’clock on Monday morning, sharp —cti-i vo-.t trill U there too." ' “ Humph!” thought I, as I went back to the desk. “Herrard’s been worshipping Bacchus to-day. Bother the man! he ca< quite put ine off my work.” And neither work nor read could I, though I strove oy hardest to do so. The words swam coder my eyes : when I picked up a pen it slipped from my lingers, and I caught iry^elf at the trick of glancing up at the curtain, ex pecting not to k© the face of Herrard there, oat another's. Out of patience with myself, I flung “ Murder Will Oat” under the desk, tucked my law-books and papers under roy arm, and went home, thinking that I should get along better after tea and a nap. Bet I grew worse instead of better. I paced the room and fidgetted about until I thought that I was going to be ill. The tickiug of the clock annoyed me, and I stopped it. The eyes of tbe portrait of some relation of my landlady's ®eemea to follow me about, until I had to restrain myself from smashing it: and at last I put on my bat, determined to go to the theatre 'wad shake off the unaccountable sensations Which assailed me. The piece was of the gloomiest character, per formed by unhappy-looking men and women, who seemed determined to put the worst con struction on tbe parts allotted to them. The leading, tragedian, a stage villain of the worst degree, revelled in the horrors he had to com mit: the despairing heroine shrieked with realistic terror; ana even tbe inevitable low comedian had something blood-curdling to •ay. At the end of tbe second aet I went out, dis spirited and disgusted, calling myself a fool for not having noticed that the pUyluii announoed “The Hangmen of Toulon,'* and pasted into a supper room, where I hoped to meet with ’ somebody I knew who would cheer me up with I called for a eteak, which I could not eat, and a pint of stout, which was sound and good eedfegn, bat to my palate was as bitter as galL People came ana went, but none of my ac quaintances. Melancholy bad claimed me for its own, and I went borne the most miserable and dejected oaa within the city walls. I asked myself the reason a hundred times, bat oould .And no solution to the question : and as in bed I tomod and tumbled, I cursed Herrard, his appointment with me, his fancies, and the book he had brought to the office. “ Bat I am the greatest idiot,*’ I said. *4 If I were a child with seme tragic story fresh in my mind, I might behave myself like this: but I, who have seen the Mans? side of life in al most every phase, and taken everything as a matter of couite, ought to have my head punched.” Then there arose before me many a form and face I had teen standing in the dock. Sullen murderers, felons with crime stamped upon their brow*, women shrieking for mercy, ■ women fainting in the arms of the warders, ' mere tads cliaging to the rail and panting 1<V* .dags as jnrim returned from their deliberations, . sad eriminaZsso familiar, alas, with the routine lit( that they heard their sen tenors unmoved, end went to their punishment with' asUttie emotion as honest folk go to Unit daily ' - Bnt foremost of all these towns vu that of * wUHamHemrd. It stood out torn the not nadiafnsodto be dismissed. There it was, sver 5*f°f way to tbe front, now near the * window* now near the door, and then -baaing 2a^dsa»sffss*« Md Ufa ib bed throoghomt that **|b1 Bight. I rose about two in the morning, lighted the cand'es. anJ. taking up a ’took. forced myself to read until the sun dispersed the shadows of the night, and awoke ail nature to life and activity. With the freshening hreeze the flower* shook the dewdrops from their drooping heads, and the birds sang to blithely that I ridled royseSi ootibly a foci for allowing fancies to oppress me. 441 he fact is.*’said I. n* I splashed ab^ut like a porpoise in tnv 44 tub.'"* I must -ot out of the place for to-dV.v a: least. A lougrambl* on the seashore will no the Hick, and make n new man of mo.” I.’ressed again, and a:ter r, i>ororwh:»t hmried breakfast, I took the lir't train to V-. The carriages were crowded with jaded folks, who drank in the pure country air as if it were nectar: and when at last the journey came to an end, it w*« n treat tu >»»e the l:am v fac-s of the people as they made for the long stretch of golden strand, which was for evir re-echoing the unceasing roice of the Acenn. I had not gone far before I descried the figure of a man a lone war ahead on a deserted por tion of the beach. iie stood out in bold, sil houette relief against the deep-blue *kv, and though he was fully half a mile from ’me. I could see that he was walking rotlesslv up and. down, with bis head bowed, and his arms hang ing listlessly at his side. I put him down to l« a convalescent who preferred solitude to the society of pleasure seokers: bat suddenly I ttopred. and with feelings I cannot describe—:he man was no other than William Herrard! It was. to say the least, a strauce coincidence that 1 should find him here: but he did not seem to think so. for, seeing me, ho advanced quietly until we stood face to fare. 441 came down by the midnight train.4’ he s^aid, quietly, 44 and 1 have been waiting for you here. T knew that 1 would sec you.” “You knew that you would see me?” I gasped. 44 Yes, I dreamt it. I saw you coming to meet roe as plainly as 1 you*now that you ate here. 1 don’t think you could have kept away bad voi: tried.” ” Well,” said I, laughing iu spite ot myself, “all I can tell you is that it was not’until five o'clock this morning that I made up toy mind to go anywhere.” 44 That may be so,” he returned, 44 but fate is fate, and it is not in the jsawer of man to escape from his destiny even in trivial thing*. I have no wish to detain you—indeed I wish to be alone. T7nder any other circumstances I would ask you to dine with me, but vou would not care to think you hod sat at the same table with me, and yon will know the reason whr to-morrow.” I was more convinced than ever that thepoor old man was going out of his mind, and did not care to leave him, as I caught hitn looking at the sea in a manner that suggested to mv mind that the temptation need not be great to make him plunge headlong into the billows. 44 T ou had better come with me,441 said. “Lower down the beach there are plenty of faces familiar to you. And I tell you whit it is,” I blurted ou£ 44 you ought to see a doctor, and not go prowling about away from every* body as if you had committed a murder.” He put out his hand as if to dutch my wrb-t. but turned upon his heel and walked" swiftly awav, leaving me, as it were, rooted to the l wished now from the bottom of my heart that I had not set foot in Y-, and, as for .Herrard, ,1 muttered s^rne unkind things about him as I returned to the busy part of the beach and shook off the chagrin I fel: by making some casual acquaintances, and dis cussing the ordinary topic* of the day. Night found me took at X-, and. let me confess it, the wretched hours I hid previously •pent caused me to put on an additional night- ] cap, tn the form of a atilT glass nf wbivL-^- I whiskv and I My slumber was dreamless and sound, aud I ' awoke in better spirits and with a lighter heart. I I had not been long at the office before I re-1 ceived a telegram from my employers, stating j that they would not put in an appearance until j noontide, aud requesting me to look after sundry little matters within reach t f uv legal knowledge. At half-past 10 I put some papers together with the view of calling upon another solicitor on the way to tho Guildhall. As I was arrang ing the documents in the proper order, the door opened noisily, and in walked Inspector Atkina. “ I have juat stepped down.” he said, “to ay that William Herrard wishes to >ee vou at 44 J/r. Herrard,4' I replied, with emphasis on the prefix. 44 has already made an appointment with me for 11 o’clock.” 441 beg your pardon, air.” he said, 44 but we generally call prisoners by their name* only.’4 44 Prisoners!*’ The papers fell iu a disordered heapupon the floor. " Yes, sir. Herrard gave himself up an hour ago, aaa he stands charged, on his own con fession, with having murdered his wife sixteen years ago on this very date.” 44 Oh, nonsense !” said L 14 Mr. Herrard is not himself. He called here on Saturday even ing, and I saw him at Y-ycaterday.’and on both occasions I was struck bv the atxangeness of bis manner. I think, Mr. Atkins, that a man had better see him instead of 441 am only obeying orden,” the inspector replied, “ and, of course, you will do as you pi®**® with regard to seeing him. He spoke rationally enough when he came to the station, but said that he desired to make a more l«»gthy statement to you, the representative of his legal adviser*.” “^ery well.” 1 said. 441 suppose I must humour him. though he is mad beyond a doubt. Look here, Mr. Atkins, you had better place a man within easy call of the cell, as the poor old man's delusions may cause him to fly into a frenzy, nnd I have no desire to be seized by the throat, or anything of that kind. I will go with y0li ?t" once, and get tki* disagreeable job Inspector Atkins smiled at my request, as I was a bread-shouldered, strong young fellow, who had held my own in boxing, boating, and swimming. Few were the words exchanged between us on the way to the station, where I asked to see W illiaxn Iiorrard’s confession. It was simple enough, taken down at his own dictation, and ran as follows :—441, William Herrard, of S-street, X-, do hereby de clare that oti the morning cf Mc-ndiy, -0th July, 1S5—, I did kill my wife Henrietta, and that since the committal of the deed I have kno wn neither rest nor peace of mind, her form having ever been before me, asleep or awake. (Signed) William Hkruxut*.” “There,” said I. pointing to the last words of the confession,44 it does net need a wise head to tell that the unfortunate man is not in a proper state of mind. He, Air. Herrard, commit murder! The idea is too ridiculous to entertain for a moment. When I was quite a boy, I remember Mrs. Herrard, aud 6he was very kind to me: but I fear that the reports which were circulated about her were only too true. Well”—sighing—44 let roe see him.” The chief constable had been hastily sum moned to the station, and he, calling the gaoler, escorted me to the celt The dim light struggling through a small barred window near the ceiling fell upon William Herrard. He Had asked to be supplied with writing material* and a small table, and he was so busy with the pea that be seemed unaware of my presence until the chief constable informed him of the fact. *4 Afr. Hitching*,’’ he said, petulantly,44 there is a sounding-board over the cell door, and I wish It to be taken down. It is not fair that your men should have the opportunity of hear ing the conversation which will pass between this gentleman and myself.” ** You shall have your own way,’* the chief constable replied, 44 although it is rather out of ^ 44 Out of order, when I intend to give instruc tion* for my defence!” . "Oh, come,” thought I, 44 this ts better. He ts coming round to his senses, and has repented of hi* folly already.” The sounding-board was lifted down from the chain* which held it at as angle, and I was alone with the self-charged prisoner. 4 Are you sure,” he said, “that nobody is loiterin? about outside V 44 Quite,” I replied, sitting down on a bench that ran along the wall and did duty for a bed. 441 thought you would have been satisfied with the remoral of the sounding-board.” “So I am,” he responded, 44 but only to a certain extent. These officials have sharp ears, and know how to use them. I have given myself up, but I am an old man, and although I wished to be punished for my crime, I should like it to be reduoed to manslaughter. I did not start life as a bad man, and I don’t want to be hanged like a dog. Let me have a few yean of repentance in scene place where f am paying as extreme penalty. Liberty is a curse to me; I don’t de«erve to be free among honest men. Let them chain me, starve me if they will: but don’t let them carry me to the scaffold. I am an old man, a very old men, and my punish' ment has been more than I can bear under the sunlight and amid the haunts of men.” He buried his face in his hands for a few momenta, and then rising suddenly, went to the door and listened. “ You thick me mad/* be continued, as he returned to tho table, 4*and I have been mad; but I am sane now. If your eyes were open, as mine are, you would faint with horror at the sight that is before me.’* I turned cold, shuddered, and glancing in rtinctively at the door, wished myself well on the other aide of it. ” Henrietta and I were ill-matched/' he resumed. 44 We had not been married many noaths bafore i knew that she loved the money [ had slaved for, and not myself. 44 Her heart was in the keeping of another nan, who left the country on the very day hat I put the wedding ring on her anger. »Ve had many quarrels, and daring one she old me to my face that her friends had per* uaded her to many me, but that herlifs was l corse and misery to her, since our union Wren the only man she had cared for acrom “I stood staring at her as she made this oon esnon, with army drop of blood tingling in not speak* my throat is—isd «*°md up, and X breathed with so much kficulty that I knmp my ties was tuning bUck, and that the veins upon ray brow were standing out l;lce whipcord. 4**So»’ f contrived to articulate at last, ‘you married rao for ray money, that I might help your ttoveny-stricken friends, that they miirht clothe and better themselves upon mV gold “ * Your money !’ »*he cried, contemptuously. ‘ I hate it, ami loathe the very foot! it buys. You ‘•hall soo, William Herrard, that 1 can Ih» carciut. art! return to you. with full interest, such sums as you may think you have lent or “ She r-,p us good as hor word. Her first : act was to dismiss the servant. Iter second to cut down expenses, until we existed like people who live from hand to mouth. No luxury that I ever brought home wouM she ever tonefi, and at last the gulf l>ctwoen us was so wide that we *;>c.ke to each other only when absolutely I “ it is a miserable story, and I see by 3*our face that you think it a contemptible one. So it is. But consider what it is for man and wife to Ik* continually at variance with each other. Love tlown. no harmony of spirit or idea, no smile of welcome. Heaven knows, it is a cruel wrong that such people should ever meet. “ Time went on. I abs-ented myself some* time* for thy? together, going wHere sudden impulse prompted me, and praying that one or j the othei of ns might die, for life was unbear* ] able—cold, cruel, nud hopeless. * Oiie day. after such a journey. I returned i to my miserable house. I bad a duplicate key, j and after pausing in the garden to look at a well I had ordered to be bricked in, and which the men had just commenced, I let myself in. “ My wife was absent, and I thought that she might have gene to her freinds, as she some times did, without consulting me. Suddenly ray eyes w« re attracted to some fragments of paper lying in the grote, and for the want of something to do, I picked them up, and began putting them together, just as a httlo child will play aimlessly with the piece* of a puzzle it does not understand. “By degrees I made out a word here and there, and Then a line. The letter was from my wife‘s first sweetheart, and if ever a man ***r yfi then. I was that man. I was drunk with madness and the thought of revenge. u I gloated over the thought of meeting her, and I raved, shouted, and danced. I believe, in my delirium. Night came, but Henrietta did not appear, and it was not until a late hour that I heard the garden gate open. I flew out of the house to meet her, and as wc stood face to face, one bitter word escaped my lips. “‘It ia false!* she replied; ‘the man you speak of has taught me a lesson which I intend to take to the heart, You have not road the letter. Oh, William, keep those awful eyes from me; you look like a fiend “‘And a fiend you have made of me,’ I said, seizing hor by the throat. * Though you have been no wife to me, you shall not make your self infamous with my paltry rival.' “'For love of the* mercy that cornea from heaven," she cried, “let me speak. Don’t kill mo William ! Don’t kill me “ “ * Down there, and tell your Iving storyI bUsed, purlnnc her over the brink of the well. “ I fcc.nrd «-:r*!y one err, for I stopped my ears to the nwiul sounds which I knew must follow. a\ the well was more than a hundred feet deep, and it* u»-csy*d machinery had fallen into the blwfc pit lotig K'fore I toc-k the house. “ I ran from the accursed spot, followed by her §|*»ctre. I was road. but calmly mad, and from that moment started nuking inquiries of her whom I had killed. First l.weut to her friend's house, and sternly demanded ray wife. iTey told me *h>* had started hour;_bcfore, and T went to tlit> police station - this very one - and made inquiries. The city wa* scoured through out the night, all the next dav, and on the following one a dozen advertisements stated that if * Iliunetta Harvard would return home, her husband was willing to receive her, and to forget and forgive.’ “This disarmed suspicion, and though the detectives visited my place, they never thought fit to examine The well. I showed one or two fragments of the letter from abroad, and they came to tho conclusion that my wife had quitted the country. But the real of the letter I kept. T/ fUinn /;/o»«y/u I h<t<i rmy tra»o:t to ha it l.ui uri.'Vn if. icy that If \ra* “ The workmen came and bricked in the troll. They whistled and fang as they toiled, little dreaming of what was deep down, shut from their eye*. “ From then tn now I have led tho life of a haunted man. Henrietta has alwaya been at my side. She was with me when I called at the office cn Saturday night, with me when I stood on the lonely sea shore, ar.i fhs ti hrrt »*<»c. Look!—look ! As I speak she glides softly to my side, and beckons with a ghostly finger.” I shuddered, and recoiled from him as if I saw the mark cf some loathsome plague upon his haggard face, and stammered out: “ 1 have heard enough. "What would you have us do—defend you.” “ Ye* ; because it was not murder. I killed her, it is true ; but, a* I thought, under tho greatest provocation that a man can receive. What’* that ’i Wa* it you who said I lied ?” William Ilerrard clutched my wrist* and, glaring like a fiend into my face, held me as in a “ If I thought you would betray me by word or deed.** he hi»sed. “ you—you should never leave this place alive. Do you bear ? I have suffered enough for my sin. I have been more miserable than tongue can tell, and I will not be hanged like a dog.” “3Ir. Herraid.** I replied, trying to apeik calmly, “you must know perfectly well that solicitors or their representative* are in honour bound never to divulge a single word that a client may say or write. What have you been writing hero V” He released me to pick up the paper*, saying; ” I have been settling mv worldly affairs, as I know that I cannot livelong. See, in repara tion for the awful mistake I made, I have left everything foray dead wife** relatives. Have I not dene well r—is not that sufficient? S;*t does no» think so. Her spirit will not go to its red. It remains with me always—always— He broke down, sobbing like a child, and I took the opportunity to eay that it was time to William Iltrnrd made no reply, and I rung the bell, and was glad enough to find myself in the cnarge room again. “What do you make of your client?” the chief constable asked. “ Mid—undoubtedly mad,” I replied. “ It is a curious thing to say.” Mr. Hitching* rejDined, “ but for his own sake, I hope he is. We have known him so long as a quiet, respected man that-” I turned away without hearing any more, for I was sick at heart, and longed- for the aunlight and the faceb of busy people. Space will not allow ma to describe the various appearances of William Herrard and the remands from week to week. “ I killed my wife,” he *aid over and over again. On all else he was dumb, and so were trs. It ia an established fact that no man can be tried for murder unles* the boly, or part thereof, of hi* victim come* to light, ana is identified beyond dispute; aua people, believ ing in Herrard’* insanity, fully believed that he would merely be put under restraint for a abort time, and set at liberty again. But in the meantime tho detective* were putting their heads together and hard at work. Experienced men from London came down, and not a niche or cranny of Herrard’* premises wa* left un noticed. The well was opened, men descended by long ladders, and found the skeleton of a woman clothed in rotting rag*, a brooch, and sundry other small articles, proving beyond doubt that Herrard’s confession was no mad man’s story. He was committed for trial. The assizes came on. and a renowned Q.C. was engaged to defend him; but all the arguments ana elo | quence in the world could not save the wretched man. He wa* found guilty and condemned to death. When asked in the usual form whether he had anything to say, he pointed to the well of the court. “ Nothing, my lord,” he replied. “ I merely wish to say that the spirit of my wife has been sitting at the ride of the prosecuting counsel, and instructing him throughout tho trial.” I shall never forget the horrified look on the barrister** face an long as I live. The evening before the execution of William Herrard arrived, and my feet were drawn to wards the gaol. A waggon laden with timber ■tood outside for the construction of the awful machine of death, bat the men in charge aat idly upon it, and whispered among each What had happened? Had a reprieve I was not kept long in doubt. The ponderous gates swung open, and a warder came out, and, knowing me well, came up. “Inn thankful to say he said, 11 that the ghastly task will be spared us to- morrow. It is no secret now, so I can speak without re serve. William Herrard is dead.” “Committed suicide 1” I ejaculated, j “ How could he commit suicide, sir, when he has been continually watched by two warders? He lay down to sleep, as they thought, thi* afternoon, and when they tried to rouse him to take his evening meal, they found that he had gone from an earthly tribunal to the greatest and highest of all.” My story, with all its faults, is told, but I have endeavoured to tell it plainly, ana, how ever the readers may condemn iU construction, I have written what I experienced and felt. In a word, the story of “ A Haunted Man” is a true ooe. — H etKiy jfmaffi. 