1ST EDITION. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1891. Religious Revivals. SEPTEMBER, 1891, -will probably be set down in Australian annals as re- markable for two things, widely different certainly, but yet perhaps somewhat distantly related in the nature of cause and effect -the col- lapse of numerous financial institutions and the development of much religious excitement, not to say frenzy and hysteria. Of the former circumstance enough has been said; yet the latter is almost equally interesting. The premier "revivalists" have been the Rev. Mr. Grubb and "General" Booth. The former was the head and front of an extraordinary demonstra- tion made at sleepy Geelong, in Vic- toria last week, when hundreds upon hundreds, of both sexes and of all denominations gathered "to promote true religious fervor," to shake off weakness of faith, to be thoroughly rid of hollow professions. How suc- cessful was the leader of the crusade is shown by the fact that in the ardor that was roused men and women proved themselves so terribly in earnest that they emptied their pockets of cash, divested themselves of jewellery, and wrote out documents assigning their estates for the benefit of "the cause." More than that. So well had the spiritual emotionalist done his work that scores at young men and women professed their willingness and readiness to set out to foreign lands to cultivate a similar enthusiasm in the poor heathen. Later on, with-banner and band, they emulated the Salvation Army, and so marched through the streets of the town. ''General" Booth has done almost as much. He has, in the Melbourne Exhibition building, worked up the excitement of a crowd of nearly 20,000 people to tension point; he has aroused such intense hysteria that one " lass" has died from the effects; he has kept up this excitement for already a week. In intensity Mr. Grubb's work was greater; but the "General" can claim other superior merits for his. We are, perhaps, too ready to ridicule this high- tension system of religious ministration. " The man whose determination to forsake "the world, the flesh,and the devil" is arrived at during a period of intense excitement is not generally favorably regarded by the matter-of-fact person of to-day. The intellect has had too little to do in the matter of his conversion, we say. Yet there are those of experience who, while belonging to one or other of the more "sober" churches, declare that no conversion is accomplished by argument. If that really is so, then we can quite understand why "General" Booth and others should place so much value upon excite- ment. "I believe in excitement," Mr. Booth said the other day in Mel- bourne, " and I do like to get up the excitement." . And he does get it up. But it is literally impossible for one not of an excitable nature to understand how he does it. His addresses to the Army are on the whole disjointed utterances, which, in print, convey no clear purpose, teach up single lesson, bear with them no conviction. They are for the greater part ejaculatory assertions, repeated and reiterated, interlarded with "amens" and "hallelujahs," and accompanied by dramatic posturing. Take the conclusion of his greatest effort in Melbourne. With both hands uplifted and with hair streaming, he cried- "The time is now. Now, now, now. The time is now for the salvation, for the baptism, for the pacifying flame. Burn out anger and envy and temper. (" Yes.') Burn it out. (" Amen.'') Everybody who wants it say amen. (" Amen.") Say it again. (" Amen.") All this is going to be. Everybody who believes it say amen. ("Amen.") And may the blessing of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost be upen every man and woman here." To the reasoning unbeliever what conviction does all this carry? He may feel that he is not on very safe ground where he stands; but would any impartial judge not call him a fool if he accepted the " General's" creed on such an appeal as this? But this emotional display has its unquestionable effects. " Penitents" appeared in all parts of the hall. They stood up and were not ashamed to confess it. Nor does the excitement last but for the moment. The railway servant who has stolen six nutmegs returns three of them three or four days after he has listened to the " General," and offers to pay for the three he has eaten. Men and women who when at similar meetings have under similar emo- tional influence professed repentance in the same way as those at the ".General's" Melbourne meetings are laboring as enthusiastically in the Army to-day as they were willing to do at the moment the excitement first seized them years ago. We confess that we do not understand it; we admit that we should prefer to see reason do all that which emotion does in Mr. Booth's work. But if it is necessary for the '' General " to arouse hysteria in order to accomplish the social work which he is doing through the instrumentality of the Army, then we are content to pretty well forgive him for his hysteria creating efforts. At the same time, our opinion of man, as a reasoning animal, must fall very greatly; for if he can only be got to accept truths by playing upon his emotions instead of by appealing to his intelligence, he is not the vastly superior creature, that we have hitherto been content to believe that be is. Both "General" Booth and the other Savonarola-like reformer, the Rev. Mr. Grubb, profess to strike at hypocrisy, hollowness, and shame. But they work on lines very different ; and the difference is all in favor of the Salvationist. Mr. Grubb wants to rouse ardor in order that the Chinese and the other heathen may be brought into the fold. He asked for persons to devote themselves to the work in foreign lands; and scores stood in response. "Revivalists " of the Grubb type "must be possessed of telescopes by the aid of which they can spy out the moral darkness of lands thousands of miles away, but cannot see the darkness existing about them. It costs a lot of money to Christianise the heathen (which, an Eastern missionary admitted the other day, is tantamount to introducing to them the European curses of intemperance, &c.;); but a great deal of mission work can be done for a little in Australia. The £1500 collected at Geelong will not' suffice to send a missionary to China and keep him or her there a year; but it would, do a good deal at home. As we have said, though, Mr. Grubb and his fellows cannot, apparently, see that there is anything at home to spend money on. But "General" Booth can and does see something to do. To exhibit oneself in Eastern dress is picturesque, of course; but to engage, as Mr. Booth and his followers are doing, in that muscular sort of Chris- tianity, the elevation of the lower strata of the masses - "the submerged tenth" of London - is surely a far nobler work. 