THE POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. IT is quite on the political cards that Mr. Deakin will be a Chief Secretary again within a month. Truly, the political game of bowls is a wonderful one. Jjaugridgc lies in his quiet grave, and the new fact lias already become old iu a week. For a few days men were startled, and soi tears were shed when Death bowled him out so unexpectedly. For Lrmgridge, say as yon will, was a well-liked man. lie wasn't smart; he wasn't clever; he never made a (.on mot, nor electrified the House with a speech. But he wa; kindlv, good-natured, never castigated anybody, nor said nasty things ; and even when he turned out Gillies and Deakin lately, he did it as if he still loved them. And Lan"ridgo reallv had a soft place in his heart for Deafeiit. He never gushed over (Jillies, nor did anybody else in this world except Speight, and that when Gillies got the extra thousand pounds as a bonus for Speight, as a reward for the manner in which he had mismanaged every branch of tho Railway Department. But Langridge liked Deakin; and when Alt', went oil'to India in a hull', and never said guod-bye to bis successor in the Chief Secretaryship, Langridge felt it keenly. Now Lingridge rests in his grave. Life was never to him a tit fill fever. Hut he sleeps well : and if he could send a word back from the spirit world to his old friend Dentin, it would be — "Take mv place; Alt'. 1 took yours." Nearly everv member of the Ministry has cast his eyes to Deakin as the man to step into the de.ad Chief Secretary's shoes. Of course there are difficulties. ' Little M'Coll in the corner sees a gleam of hope breaking over Langndge's grave: Mason has thought some reward might come to him for giving up that seat so handsomely on the Railway Standing committee j Mr. M'Int.yre has seen a glimpse of a portfolio ; and Colonel Smith thinks Ballarat is now entitled to a show. All these things might be. However. David Syme was sounded, and pronounced his blessing on the project of offering Deakin the billet, That'means much. Deakin cannot do anything except with David's permission.ami he litis that permisjion now to join Munro. Mr. Deakin has declined. If the thing conies about it will be nothing short of a stroke of wonderful luck. Deakin's whole political career has been in clover. So other Victorian politician ever had half his chances ofollice. He has been a child of • •ood fortune. All the plums of the political cake, have fallen to his share, while tile burnt crust and the hard lumps have gone to other men. The Collingwood people will soon have the chance of playing a hand in the game. Poor old W. tt. h'. Vale is coining again like a ghost out o. of his political grave grin and gibber again. J'.ror fell.ov! Jt is v niclaneholv. Time was when W. M. K. V. had some power here. He knew lion- to rant when the Liberals loved ranting. But amidst all his biliousness he bad sense enough to know his own educational deficiencies. He retired. He studied. He burned the midnight oil. He became learned in the law. He became rich. But be became a confirmed dyspeptic. Like poor Langton his mind became a sort of vinegar bottle—his brains grew into a precipitate of acetic acid. He wants to fill Langridge's place— he who is the very antithesis of everything that Langridge was. Langridge could take his glass and shake hands •with a friend. Yale breaks bis glance and finds no friend iu the wide world. Smiles have fled his face, and enjoyment, is his sworn enemy. He is politically dead'and was buried long ago. The Collingwood electors are asking— What may this mean? That thou, ricirt come KfvisiiR Hill' tho lilimpeot of the moon, Mikiuplifol" Speight's political fri-nd* have at length made a clean'hroast of it that their her., is no good at making railways. They say he ought not to be held responsible for the bungles of the lasf. few years, as his head and hands iiavo been employed in other directions. That's all very well, says'the. politician not yet nobbled. But his screw of JI'i.iMJ poind a year was paid to him on t lie express understanding that he took charge of the " construction " as well as (he nianageineut of our railways. If he has drawn the screw and not, done the work, why there is an honest course to follow, and that is to refund. But. then comes the question—if his head and hands have been employed in other things than construction, what has he been about ? The answer is that he has been feo busy managing the politicians that ho has had no time to manage the railways; or. ralher, both cauiiofbe managed by one mail, and the railways have had to take pot luck. At any rate. Munro has made up his mind. He says that the are no longer on their trial. They have been tried, and they stand condemned as failures. The Premier says their management has been mismanagement, and that they have no defence' against the broad glaring The next time Parliament speaks there will be no limp criticism. Mr. (Sillies and Mr. Speight will be placed iu the political dock, and judgment will lie pronounced. The country has already given its verdict. The question that has been put to the people has been—"Who killed our railway property The answer is a. verdict of •' Wilful Murder of the Victorian Kailway System" against two persons named respectively (Jillies and'Speight. 