IT IS THE IkVi i HE Minister for Justice cannot be T congratulated upon the tcanner in which he dealt with the case of the poor man YOUNG, when his attention wae drawn to die matter bj Mr. HOUGHTON in the Assembly on Monday last. The case is one of undoubted hardship, and according to Mr. GOULD, no remedy exists. "It is the law" is his dictum, and there, so far as the Minister for Justice (appropriate title'.) is concerned, the matter will have to rest. Whether Mr. HOUGHTON, or those who have interested themselves in the matter, will be content to allow it to rest there, remains to be seen; meanwhile, it may be asserted that Mr. GOULD'S reply evidenced either a degree of cynicism by no means creditable even to a diBciple and worshipper of " the law," or (and we prefer to think this is the case) a complete ignorance of the circumstances of the case. Those circumstances are extremely simple. YOUNG, an inmate of the George-street Benevolent Asylum, had at some time prior to his admission to that haven of rest, beea ordered by a Bench of Magistrates to pay a certain amount weekly for the maintenance of his wife. YOUNG fell, ill and upon evil times generally; his payments were not kept up, and he was ultimately compelled to go into the asylum. Then he was summoned for the arrears, and it iB easily understood that ha had to confess his inability to meet the claim, whereupon the Bench relegated him to the retirement of Parramatta Gaol for a period of twelve months. It is but fair to the magistrates to say, that they expressed regret at the task imposed on them by an absurd law, which left them no choice. The Minister for Justice, on the other hand, evidently thinks it unnecessary to give a seoond thought to so Bmall a matter as the incarceration of a mere pauper, who, as yet, is not even a voter. YOUNG'S case may have its humorous side, but it certainly bas also its pathetic atpect. Mr. GOULD has only been able to see the former. With the nonchalance of a mui in effluent circumstances—a well-paid offi 'al—lie pointed out to LB. SOUGHT , that pauper Youso had his renn.*..,. All he had to do was to go to a superior court and applyfor a variation or abrogation of the order made against him; the expenses of this course of proceeding would really not be much. Mr. GOULD is quite right. Probably a £10-note would cover the cost; but it is sorely the very acme of satire to say so to the impecunious pauper. Let it be acknowledged that, as far as practicable, the inmates of our asylums are made sufficiently comfortable; yet, save in very rare cases, indeed, men do not voluntarily enter these institutions. Even if they were inclined to avail themselves of their privileges without being actually compelled to do so, the arrangements made by the Director of Charitable institutions should be, and, we believe, are such, as to render imposture almost impossible. So far as thiB particular case is concerned, it has never even been hinted that YOUNG entered the asylum save from dire necessity. Mr. GOULD was good enough to suggest, further, that if YOUNG himwas uot able to afford the expense of having his case re-opened, his friends would have done better by "subscribing the few pounds necessary instead of bringing the case before Parliament." Whether this perfectly superfluous remark was intended as a covert sneer at Mr. HOUGHTON, or whether it was made in the simplicity of his heart, Mr. GOULD himself only knows. That gentleman may be innocent and simpleminded to a degree, lawyer though he be; but it it difficult to believe that he has not sufficient knowledge of the world to be aware of the but too frequently literal truth of the words, "The poor have no friends." There is not the slightest reason to believe that YOUNG has friends, in the ordinary acceptation of the term. The case has, without doubt, been taken up on public grounds quite as much, as owing to any sympathy with the sufferer, and it is right that it should be so taken up. " It is the law," says the Minister and supposed administrator of Justice. He "failed to see that the Government could interfere in a case of this nature. If it ordered the discharge of every man sent to prison for wife desertion, the Government would have to provide for the payment of all the orders." Did ever a more puerile, a more senseless statement drop from the lips of a Minister ? The case of YOUNG is, and probably will remain unique, and special circumstances call for special treatment. If Mr. GOULD cannot see the justice of this course, he should be taught it. The matter is not one to be laughed out of Court or pooh-poohed in a supercilious manner, even by a Minister for ABNELL is dead.— That short sentence P closes one chapter of Irish history and it cpeoB another. It matters little now whether CHABIESJSTBWABT PAKNELL succumbed to an attack ofluug disease brought on by a simple cold, or whether his end was dHe to other causes, hinted at in recent cablegrams. He has gone and with him has gone the one hindrance to the accomplishment of his great aim. Circumstances—possibly of his own making—placed PAENELL in a position lately, as unfortunate, so far as be was personally concerned, BB disastrous in regard to the welfare of the country, which, (whatever his faults) he loved so well. His death virtually decides the issue of the coming general election, and virtually also assures Irish Home Bule. F the Ermington and Rydalmere Council is I to continue in the career of usefulness upon which it started a few weeks ago, the wretched spirit of jealousy and envy between its two component parts, which has unfortunately already become one of it9 characteristics, will have to be consigned to oblivion. As was before pointed out in these columns, the municipality is that of Ermington and Bydalmere, arid the interests of the former are, or should be, those of the latter. HE principal apple of discord so far seems T to be that the Council Chamber is located in the latter portion of the municipal district. Well, it can't well be ;in both, and its present location has the very great advantage of being within a stone's throw of the centre of the municipality. What more is wanted? What need is there for imputing 1 motives of a selfish or unworthy character f The Bydalmere School of Arts answers every necessary purpose: there is no denying that fact; and it matters very little whether the trustees have been enabled to make a good bargain or not, so long as that bargain is also to the advantage of the municipality. A LDEBMAN KIBBY haB constituted himt3L self tbe leader n| the opposition in the E. and B. Counoil. Now, under certain circumstances, an opposition may be very useful indeed, but so far aa the infant municipality is concerned, there is not the slightest need for anything of the kind. The one great desideratum is that the road of tbe district should, in the first place, be placed in a decent stats of repair and minor questions should—for some time at least—not be made a battle-ground. Anyhow it will be just as well for the municipal baby to remember that he must learn to walk before he can hope to run. To talk for tbe sake of talking and to oppose for the sake of opposing is simply child's play. LDERMAN SLADON is returning onoe A more to the charge in the matter of the Aird-street nuisance. It is high time he did so: the mutter has hung fire long enough. Tbe hot weather is comicgon apace and the nuisance will, in a few weeks, oe aa objectionab'e and as dangerous aa ever. When tbe subject was last brought np in the Council, it was stated to be in tbe solicitor's hands; surely, ei e now something definite has been arrived at. If the owner of the and cannot be in any way reached, that fact should bave been made known to the Coonci 1 . HE open air meeting arranged by the T Cumberland Convention for la at Saturday had perforce to be abandoned, as none but speakers gifted with lungs of abnormal power could possibly bave competed with tbe horrible noiae emitted by the conglomerate piece of machinery, misnamed a musical instrument, located upon the corner allotment. Of course, every man has a right to earn his living in whatever legitimate manner it pleases him to do so; nevertheless, that discordant affair at the corner is a nuisance, none the less, because the crowds congregated around take almost exclusive possession of the footpaths. HE matter of the complaint of the local T Inspector of Nuisances in regard to some alleged nuisance existing in connection with the Macqnarie-street ABylum has been once more postponed—this time, it is said, by conecnt of the Mayor Of Parramatta. Wbj ? Of course the matter being still tub Judiee, it would be neither proper nor advisable to comment upon its merits. There can be no harm, however, in indulging in speculation whether in tbe case of a private individual, the asms conree would have been followed. Time was, when the hardened miscreant, who allowed a ' quart of soapsuds to flow into die sacred gutters of tbe* borough, was incontinently hauled np before their Worships, and without mnch ado. fined 20s, besides befog privileged to pay professional and court costs to the tone of. say, another five and twenty " roberta." Now it appears that" time* is changed" or do circumstances alter cases f UBELY, the wbole matter lies—in this case S —in a nutshell, and it could be settled in five minutes. On a certain specified date (a month ago) a certain nuisance iB said to have existed. Now, this is either a true bill or it is —well, a mistake. There surely is net the slightest need for entering upon the process of anravelling half a .dozen knots of red-tape in connection ;•with BO simple a matter. People are beginning to get hold (rightly or wrongly) of the idea that the Council pursues one method in dealing with the ratepayers and another with the Government. HEBE are few men more popular in the T local police force than Trooper SIOTHKBS, and his attitude in the " Eight-hour " cases is not likely to stand bim in bad Btead, BO far as the good opinion of all true men is concerned. It takes some effort for a member of a body like the police force to summon np " grit" enough to tell the trntb, in an ngly matter, when that telling of the truth means discredit to the man's mates, a sly sneer perhaps from those who would not bave minded much bad he lied to preserve a glamour of reapectabilitv for tbe force as a whole, and the ill-temper of those who must necessarily come out of the ugly matter in anything but sweet odour. E have never been chary of praising,when W necessary, members of the force, from sub- inspectors downward; and when cold, starving creatures bave been warmed and comforted, or when police officers have spoken a word ot favour of leniency in a deserving case, or have resented ~ wrong to their subordinates from lawyers or others, we have ever been ready to give all the assistance that a full publication of tbe particulars might mean. But, in this case, we have a lurking idea that Constables HUOGABD and CHBRTHAU were not as merciful or as just to culprit HBNBY HOQAH as would have been, aay, Constables BOABD and SKITHHBS, in a similar ease. ND when SKITBRES dared to do the right A (though " the heavens might fall" as a consequence of his right action), we would be wanting in justice and in a fair appreciation of what is true, quiet bravery, if we did not express on behalf of the public a feeling of satisfaction and gratification. HE high character of "the force" can T only be maintained by weeding out any man capable of unfair or cruel treatment to a man under arrest; and as there is a great difference between a bold statement of ugly facts when duty calls for such a statement, and mere tale-bearing, so there is a great need that we should be ever able to believe that when a second constable goes into the witnessbox be will tell fairly—as between man and man—what happened in any fracas in which a comrade may have been involved. "AN old fishmonger, of Parnell, near Auck- A land, N.Z., the other day suicided in sheer despair at his inability to earn a living. He left behind him a wailing screed, stating that he bad made ' just 1s 6d in eight weeks.' Ghost of all misery! 1 '—Bulletin.—And yet some folk wonder that Labour men are making a sort of "religion" of the new politico-social science, which, they hope, is to mean a chance of justice—a chance of the means wherewith to live —for our human weaklings! —J ustice. 