T h e G T io s ts J S Ir. J B e s a n t h a s S e e n , In his weekly letter M r W alter B?sanl kb* the following:—“ A very good ghoit story one of a churchyard and a phantom funeral (published in oar olum ns nm'er the bead iPg of so ,%r j t aordin*?y Story") —has be? n printed in »heiirerpool Post and cotied in the P e lt M a ll Gazette. where 7 saw it. My personal experience cf spooka i* cot much but it is, psrhayr, more than falls to the lot of most. Tbe first1 figure ’ I saw wes about six o’clock on an evening in September, I had been writing up to the last moment of day lig h t; it became toe dark for me to tee any Longer, and I knocked off; as I turned frcm the window I became awa*e that a female figure wee ia the room ? it made no sign, but it moved about noiselessly. As \ looked it disappeared. I was then living as a bachelor in cham* beta, and my outer door was closed, so th a t nobody con'd be ia the r.wm except myself. Another experience m l afar more singulaTone, war ibis. 1 w u travelling in Northumberland. The day I had spent ia driving over® wila &ui; lonely moor to a village situs ted in the midst of i t - a village bnilt round the quadrangle of whet bed been a nonasferr. There wa the old gate le f t; part of the hiritajegs p art of the w all; the quiet village ea closed by the old w all; the crnvent cbapel, sow the parish obnrch; there were only two or tbroe hundred people living here; outside ran and babbled the trout stream with its bigb back corned w ith bushes and brambles and wild flowers. A llround stretched the moor. A t the inn, where I took tome tea or something, they talked to me about the p a st; the plaee was filled with wild reboot of the p a t!; whispers acd voices were heard at night; thiuga bad been aeea in the bedrooms. A wonderful plaee sow bereelaeia Boglend is t ere a n ? n wonderful place. I drove hack and aponi the evcaing alone in toy inn, reading certain books of the Qa*»en Anne rime, and a t 11 o'clock went off to bad. M y room wa* a very old room, and the inn itself was s t Iraat 300 years old. Ail thta ia introduction in order to ebow you why the thin? that I saw took rbe shape that it did. For in the middle of the night I woke tudtenly a d sat up startled, I found tbe room perfectly light ; the d'-ior, which I bad locked, flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dressed in the Queen Anne ocslume. with th e pretty old stiff cardboard ornament of tbe head and every thing. Never before had I understood how beautiful wa* the Queen Acne rf«<s. The ied in dowii oa chairs rcurd the fire (which was now Vurniig merrily), began to talk, but I know not what they said. S u d d en ly -it shames me to c^nfasi the thing- 1 wa? ceised w ith a horrid terror I leaped from the bed, pulled hack the curtains, and polred np th e blind. I t was about three in the m om ug, end twilight. Then 1 turned to visitor*; they slowly f«dod stwef. T he light slowly went out of the room ; th e fire elowly burned low; the figures nlowly became faint j they slowly vanished. Who were they P W ell. Yon s to I have seen things. B itlh a v e h e srd nothi&g; No eomanpie**r& has ever been made to me frum the other world a t all.exeept by the sp rit Ka ie. and she oaly talked rsbbiab a osedzem B id XhCl t i p*t a y)TTlfi*i >or it * i TO say to be made by ffW * '" ■ pem ni ot dthai hi in ei *orV for m . Hew bwrin«w iB meet "rith aocoo s. Any one eaa -in si« *w k 'feirftei tj©t teqrired. W« wifi Hart r°n Outfit worth XI nuQst fcao amptoymsnt ^ parcegion in wbiob this Boys and q»b era aaorlf ae taoob w men. JfaUputtoalers and instrnotions moiled-free. Noe te the time—don't delay, but write to « *et cnee Addreii—ataneofl and <3u„ PoriUad,' y*la* 