The startling disclosures as to the affairs of the Land Credit Bank of Australasia not only represent grievous loss financially, but will go far to deepen the feeling of insecurity and. mistrust with which institutions of the kind are already regarded. It is worse than useless to encourage a: scare, but it would be a great mistake to pretend to ignore the gravity of the situation. Here is a concern which, up to“ very" lately, was regarded as safe and prosperous. It did a large business, and bore perhaps as fair and apparently as stable a a' front as any similar institution in the colony. Suddenly it appears that gross irregularities had been going on for years, and that while the paid-up capital was only £76,000, the manager had, for himself, or in the names of his wife and his son, granted an over draft of over £lOO,OOO, without the knowledge of the directors, and against which the securities held are insufficient, if not altogether doubtful. It is . certainly astounding to hear, as we have of late too often heard, that irregularity and fraud can be carried on year after year without detection, in institutions whose affairs are sup posed to be under the perpetual cog nisance of directors, and which are also subject to periodical audit by proved experts. When , some glaring case occurs the public are assured that it only becomes possible through a singular combination of circumstances, and is very unlikely to occur ever again. The events of the last few weeks will go far to discredit this comfortable doctrine, 'and the inevit able-result of the disclosures in the affairs of the Land- Credit Bank will be a general loss of confidence in financial institutions, other than such as are, from long standing or other reasons, above suspicion. ' The evil of such a loss of confidence is so serious as to justify heroic mea sures in order to restore that confi dence. We repeat that, deplorable as are the losses to shareholders and depositors when deposit banks collapse, and terrible and widespread as is the suffering, caused to innocent people by these failures, the' loss, of credit so brought about is more serious still. If an institution which is apparently sound to the backbone, suddenly proves to be rotten; if directors who are supposed to check every important business detail can go on in ignorance of the most gross irregularity, and if expert auditors can examine accounts which have been cooked to death, and yet find nothing wrong—if this is ne cessarily the case, then all similar In stitutions may as well at once close their doors and dissolve, or go into liquidation. But seeing that it is merely a question of devising checks upon fraudulent practices, and that, apart from this admittedly serious con tingency, land and credit banks, build ing societies, and what not, represent forms of investment which should be at the. same time safe and profitable, it surely cannot be beyond the skill of our commercial men to devise means by which fraud at any time would become difficult and dangerous, and ; a prolonged course of it simply impos sible. Without attempting to impeach the personal ability and integrity of professional auditors generally, we cannot, help seeing that when such scandals as we have lately known are possible, there must .be a radical defect somewhere. As things stand, auditors are a positive evil, and it would be better if none intervened. If it were not for auditors’ reports, shareholders would look more closely after, their own affairs, but some shareholders would not like and others would not care to question an audit report, and where this report is satisfactory no questions are asked. It has been freely suggested that the only way to restore confidence is to render the accounts of all financial institutions subject to periodical audit by an official appointed by the State. This would, it is con tended, do away with the danger of books being superficially. ex amined and hastily certified to for fear of offending an employer or a board of employers. Government audi tors would, it is said, have a stronger position, and would insist on produc tion of papers, &c.;, where a privatelv appointed auditor might be afraid of provoking resentment. No doubt there is something in the argument, but it should not be forgotten that first re quisites in an auditor are skill and integrity, and the former qualification is conspicuously deficient in some State auditors who were appointed under the Local Government Act. In the case of the Land Credit Bank, for example, a committee of inspection soon discovered some very important facts which had escaped the notice of both directors and auditors for years and years. Now, it is im possible to avoid, the impression that discrepancies which the committee of inspection discovered out of hand should not have remained a secret to directors and auditors for so long a time. It is not the system which is here wholly to blame. Rather is it ! careless and imperfect adrainistra- j tion, and too great a readi- j ness to accept a man’s word where evidence should be forth coming. Carelessness and credibility 1 may be found in State-appointed audi tors the same as elsewhere. It seems .to us that in any case, and whether auditors are appointed by private directors or the State, they as well as the directors should be placed on some what the same footing as managers or directors of other institutions, and be made financially, if not criminally, re sponsible for any such deficiencies as. have appeared in the affairs of the Land Credit Bank and the South Mel bourne Society. The whole thing may be summed up thus—frauds could not well occur if directors and- auditors did their duty, and a wholesome and sub stantial personal liability might be just the thing to get them to do it.’ ■ The Government is desirous of clear ing up Parliamentary business so as to prorogue not later than the 23rd. This is what is stated, and we in stinctively ask, why 1 It is said of a great stickler for punctuality in leav ing work that if he lifted his hammer to strike, and just then the song sounded, he would let the toof fall rather than strike a blow after time. So it has come to be accepted as a necessary and proper thing that Par liament shall be prorogued early in December if possible, but before Christmas, any way. Again we re peat—whyl In any other work but that of legislation only temporary adjournments are customary, from the ’commencement of an undertaking till its close. Merchants when Saturday comes do not cancel all unfinished business arrangements. Tradesmen do not destroy any work which may be incomplete on the eve of an annual holiday, yet the Legislature goes on session after session with the obsolete idea that prorogation must precede Christmas Eve, and that which has perhaps occupied half the ses sion being then unfinished, must be absolutely destroyed. It is only in legislation that such a practice exists and, we may add, it is only in legisla tion that it would be permitted. If the Houses agree to close their labors on Friday next there are several measures of general and local import ance which must go to the waste paper basket. There are, for example, the Irrigation Act Amendment Bill, the Sharebrokers Bill, the Medical Practitioners Bill, the Post Office Act Amendment Bill, the Education En dowment Bill, the Bendigo Art Gallery Site Bill, the Goldfields Reservoirs Bill, the Water Act'Amendment Bill, the Shops Bill, the Thistle Law Amendment Bill, the Sandhurst Public Buildings Act Amendment Bill, the Electric Lighting Bill, and the Agri cultural Colleges Land Mining Bill. These are not all, and are unfortu nately not the most serious of the sacrifices which the Legislature pro poses. The Constitution Act Amend ing Bill is considered dead, but if the prorogation comes next Monday it will 'be also buried. The long discussed Railway Bill' must go, and this would be nothing less than flagrant neglect of a most urgent public want, a neglect which the country will not fail to - remember and punish at the proper time. We shall find ourselves without any- definite railway policy, without any arrangement having been agreed to as to the building of neces sary extensions, and with a dismal prospect of a deficit in the railway accounts next June of perhaps £300,000, and perhaps nearly twice that sum. There is also the Federal Bill, as to which the proposed rising of the House would mean the waste of an uncounted amount of time and labour. All .this waste, all this impotent and abortive effort; all this trifling with matters of national import, because, forsooth, Parliament usually rises before Christmas,, and hon. mem bers want to be off for a holiday. They should have thought of all this six months ago, and wasted less time. As things are common honesty requires of them, as the paid servants of the com munity, that they should select a pro gramme of measures, reassemble after Christmas, and go on sitting until all were disposed of, or Parliament expired by effluxion of time. In the legislation Council last night Mr Cooke brought up the report of the com mittee on the case of the Hon. Henry Gore. It was to the effect that there was nothing whatever to reflect upon the conduct of the hon, gentleman throughout the whole, trans action over the Markoy mine. Mr J. M. Davies somewhat supprised the House by moving, by leave, the first reading of a bill to amend’ the Legal Professions Amalgam ations Bill which is to come in force on let Janurary. He explained that the purpose of the bill was to enable certain persons who have already given notice to be admitted. For the remainder of the session the Council will bo asked to sit on Fridays at 3 p.m. In the Assembly las't, night Mr Munro stated that he did not think the prorogation could take place before the 23rd, and inti mated, in reply to Mr Hunt, that no Rail way Construction Bill would be introduced this session. The Appropriation Bill was introduced and passed through all its stages, although Sir Biyan O’Lnghlen and Mr Oeakin warned the House that by agreeing to the bill it was surrendering all power to revise and amend any further legislation, notably the Railway Bill. Our Melbourne correspondent wrote last night;—“The extraordinary condition of financial nff.irs in Melb'-urne continues to be the general topic of conversation, but there are no new developments to-day. Mr Munro has given his opinion that in the Land Credit Bank affair the dircctois should have dis covered and have known the state of affairs -long ago. • A meeting of the Standard Build ing Society is being held this afternoon, at which the shareholders are being assured that the society is in a perfectly sound and healthy position.” There is now a possibility of a settlement being arrived at in connection with the long standing dispute in the painting trade. It will be remembered that at the last meeting | of the Trades and Labor Council the matter was discussed at some length and ultimately referred to the executive committee. That body met at the Trades’ Hall last night, wheu the situation was carefully considered, and it was resolved to arrange for a con ference at an early date between the em ployers, the representatives of the union, and the executive committee of the council. This is a wise step, and it is to be hoped that all parties concerned will embrace the opportunity afforded of peaceably settling a conflict which, if further prolonged, must necessarily prove disastrous to the strikers and the employers, Mr George Smith has given notice of his intention to move at the next meeting of the Ballarat A. and P. Society,, that steps be taken to secure another site'for the show yards. It has for years past been felt that the present yards were too small.. Efforts were made some time since to secure' a road to the north of the grounds;':but the objec tion of the residents in the vicinity and of the Railway Department pre vented this from being carried out. It is now proposed to secure a larger area on the common, and endeavor to arrange for the sale of the present site in building allotments. If this can be managed it is believed that a sufficient turn of money could be raised to cover the coat of the removal of the present buildings and all the necessary work for preparing the new yards for the holding of shows. At the meeting of the Exchange yesterday afternoon a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Messrs Woolcott, Nixon, and Downes for ! the action they had taken in drawing up ob jections to the Sharebrokers’ Bill. This action was taken principally owing to the reception of a telegram by Mr Nixon an nouncing that the bill had been thrown out by the Legislative Council. In responding to the vote of thanks, Mr Nixon said he de sired no recognition of what he had done, as it was simply his duty to the mining com munity. He hoped that in future, if it were thought nec-ssary to legislate on the sub ject, the Minister of Mines would bring for ward a properly prepared measure, and not a crude abortion that had to be committed to the waste paper basket. If the Minister could not draft one himself, and was anxious to bring one up, he should get someone to do it who could manage it. The followers of racing in Ballarat will regret to hear that Mr W. T. Jones has de cided to remove his horses from Dowling Forest to Mordialloc. Yesterday Dready nought, Litigant, Westminster, Chudleigh, Golden Ki'ig, Buttons, and a Newmioster colt left Mr T. Wilson’s stables, and were forwarded to their new quarters, Thsy are to be trained in future by Mr Charles Wilson, a son of the veteran. Magnificent stabling accommodation has been erected handy to the Mordialloc c-mrse, on which the horses will be trained, and the new stables will doubtless be heard of in the near future. Mr J. Anwio, who has been with Mr Wilson, sen., for a number of years, and who has earned a reputation as one of the first horsemen in Australia, has been retained by the stable. At the special meeting of the Hospital committee last evening a motion was sub mitted in reference to the amalgamation of the duties of secretary and collector in the person of Mr Goldsmith. A letter was re ceived from Mr C. I. Burrow*, the present collector, asking for an extended leave of absence. Mr Burrows mentioned that he had been connected with the institution since 1861, and left the matter in the hands of the committee. The matter was left iu the hands of the president with the under standing that if Mr Burrows sent in his resignation by the Ist of January he would receive 12 months’ full pay. The old man John Aiken, who has been before the City Police Court on a charge of vagrancy on several occasions during the past six weeks, was again presented yester day, ami remanded for a week. The poor old fellow was until recently a patient in in the Ballarat Hospital, from which insti tution he was discharged as incurable. Having neither friends nor home, and being quite unable to earn a livelihood, he was wandering about the streets in a helpless condition, and on the 4th of November was arrested by the police out of kindness, when the charge of vagrancy was preferred against him. From that date up to the present he has been remanded from week to week. Aiken is always very grateful to the magis trates for giving him sheltei; but, at the same time, it is a pity that any man whose only crime is that he hasn’t sufficient of this world's goods to keep him from starving should be detained in prison. The prizes awarded at the Grand National Show will be paid away at Craig’s Royal hotel on Saturday, the 19th instant, from 2 till 5 p.m. The. winners of prizes are re quested to attend to the advertisement in this day’s issue of Th& Star. At the meeting of the executive com mittee of the Trades and Labor Council, held at the Trades’ Hall last night under the presidency of Mr W. Hurdsfield, the ques tion of non-union labor in the Doveton Mills, which had been referred to that body by the Woollen Mills Operatives’ Union, through the council, was considered at some length. The whole of the delegites present advocated the adoption of conciliatory i measures before resorting to extremes, j Eventually it was decided that the exeon tive should confer with the committee of the ! Operatives’ Union, and that the non unionists should be , invited to attend in order that they might state their objections to becoming members of the organisation, and at the same time give the members of the executive an opportunity of using moral suasion. A special meeting of the Hospital Com mittee was held fast evening at the board room. There were present the president (Mr J. J. Fitzgerald), and Messrs G. Smith, T. Clegg, W. Hunter, A. White, 0. E. Edwards, D. M'Naught, P. Papenhagen, J. Phillips, D. Urophy, \V. Eyres, and Drs Whitcombe, Pinnock, Salmon, Scott, and Ochiltree. The first business on the notice paper was to consider Mr Bmphy’s motion — “ That it be an order of the day to consider I the advisability of taking immediate steps to have quarters built for a resi dent medical' officer.” This, after some discussion, was referred to the finauce com mittee for report. The motion by Mr George Smith—“ That from the Ist Janu ary, 1892, the joint offices of secretary and collector be amalgamated, and that Mr Goldsmith, ns executive officer in charge of the Hospital, have ■an assistant collector, whose duties shall be to collect subscriptions and do other clerical work, under the con trol and supervision of the secretary, Mr Goldsmith,” was withdrawn, owing to a letter received from Mr Burrows. Other matters were dealt with, and the committee adjourned. The City Free Library building in Sturt street is now undergoing much needed re pairs. The interior of the structure is being thoroughly renovated by Messrs Bush and Sheppard, painters,, and Messrs C. and A. Mills, carpenters. The librarian and his as sistants have been busily engaged during the past few days in taking stock and re-arrang ing the volumes, the whole of which have been re-labelled.and re-numbered. Revised catalogues will be issued in the course of a few days. The library will be re opened on Saturday next. The nominations for the Lai Lai Falls Turf Club's New Year’s Day meeting, and for the Miners’ Turf Club’s Xmas meeting appear |n our sporting column. Those of the former number S3 for the seven event-*, which is the largest entry there has been yet. Larger fields than usual may there fore be looked for at this popular gathering. The entries for the Miners’ races are also numerous, and include some excellent horses, so that at this meeting also good fields and close contests may be expected. The annual distribution of prizes at the Holy Ghost College took place on Monday, but on account of the lamented death of Father P. Brennan, one of the professors at the college, there was no public display. Tue only persona present, outside of the profes sors, pupils, and the chairman (Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat), were a number of past pupils. The bishop distributed the awards, which numbered nearly 100 valuable priz“s, and included a handsome medal given to G. W. Smithwick, the dux of the school. After the distribution of prizes the bishop delivered a bi n f address to the pupils, congratulating them on the success they had attained during the past year, and also on having the advantage of such ex cellent professors as those whose teachings they were profiting by. He reminded them of the great difficulties that attended the initiation of such a scholastic institution, and highly eulogised the Holy Ghost fathers for the able manner in which they had grappled with and overcome those diffi culties. It was mainly due to those efforts that the college had attained such success that it might fairly be classed amongst the best scholastic institutions in the colony. The pupils, too, must never forget that they had the advantage of high moral and physical training as well -as intel lectual instruction. He hoped they would ever bear this in mind, and strive to do credit to themselves and to their instructors. He was glad to know that the pupils main tained such a high respect for the professors, and was sure that when they had left school and had taken the various positions in life to which they might be called they would look back with pleasure to the happy days they had spent in the Holy Ghost College. At the close of the address, which was a most Impressive one, the pupils knelt and re ceived the benediction from the bishop. The pupils have now all left the institution for the holidays. Duties will be resumed at the college early in February. - Cr Cooke referred incidentally at the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum Com--, rnittee on Monday night to the fact that-jout of six wills recently proved in Melbourne five were tho-e of former inmates of the Benevolent Asylum there. The value of the estates ranged from £6O downwards. He said he was pleased to see that the example set by the Ballarat Asylum was being fol lowed as by it the institutions would benefit materially. In Ballarat it was customary for an inmate to sign a will on entering the Asylum. One of the wills sworn to was that of a man who was an inmate of the Ballarat Asylum for a week, and who had to be sent to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum where he died Messrs Sleep and Gibbings, JVP., pre sided at the City Police Court yesterday. Eliza Dawson, the licensee of Clark’s hotel. Start street, was mulcted in a penalty of £2, with 7-’ costs, for allowing liquor to bo sold on her licensed premises on Sunday, the 6th instant. An old man named John Aiken, on remand for vagrancy, was further remanded for a week, while Henry Daws, who was charged with a similar offence, was discharged. A young married woman, 22 years of age, who had been arrested on the previous evening on a charge of insulting behavior, was discharged, as it was pointed *out that whilst slightly-under the influence of liquor she was insulted by a man whom she attacked with her umbrella. Two inebriates having been dealt with, and a number of unimportant debt cases disposed of, the court adjourned. j A protest was received at the Hospital i committee meeting last evening from the I nurses, against a rule providing that they were not to receive gentlemen visitors to their rooms. The matter was considered in committee, and the following resolution was carried:—“That the matron be written to to inform the nurses that there has been no rule made by the committee that the nurses should not receive gentlemen visitors into their rooms; that the nurses be permitted to see their friends as heretofore, subject to the approval of the matron; and that the nurses have the entire confidence of the com mittee.” The monthly meeting of the Council of the School of Mines was held yesterday, when there were present Messrs Andrew Anderson (president), Pihnock, Eyres, Martell, Figgis, Louie, Vale and Shelton. An application for extra appliances for the laboratory _ was referred to Professor Smith. It was decided to carry nut some repairs to the old chemical laboratory, which is at present used ns a lecture hall. It was also resolved to expend £66 ’in the purchase of a lathe for the electrical engineering class. Over 100 entries were received yesterday for the naval and military sports, making a total of just over 600 altogether. It is cer tain, therefore, that there will be a magnifi cent display on the Western Oval on Boxing D«y. All branches of the service will be represented, and there will also be some of the forces of Sonth Australia competing in the different events. The following mem bers of C Company will comprise the physical drill squad in the sports on B->xing Day, and will practice to-night, at 8 o’clock sharp: Sergeants Roper and Steele, Corporal M'Diarmid,Privates Todd, Robertson, Came ron, Gregory, Collinson, Kennedy, Picker ing, Swainson, and Harris. At a meeting of the late Mr Humffray’s friends Inst night, at Irwin’s Provincial hotel, Mr W. P. Bechervnise in the chair, a financial report was received showing that although the full amount required for the mortuary memorial had not been received, there was a fair prospect of enough being eventually obtained. A sub committee was appointed to deal with mortuary masons' tenders and provide for the necessary work being done as early as possible. Additional subscriptions are required,, and will be thankfully received by the treasurer, Mr. W. Irwin, or the secretary, -Mr Theophilus Williams. A baaaar in aid of the building fa-nd of the Redan Temperance Hall was opened last night in that building, when, notwithstand ing the inclemency of the weather, there was a large attendance. Th» baziar was opened by Mr R. M. Serjeant, with a few well-chosen remarks. The hall was prettily decorated for the occasion, and the stalls were laden with the many plain and fancy articles that had been made and procured by the ladies connected with the various tem perance organisations. The following Indies presided over the several departments:— Fancy stall, Misses C. Brown and M. A. Hicks; No. 2 do, Mrs Debater and Misses M'Bride, Wishart, and Webster; No 3 do, Mrs Shuggand Mis* Grenfe 1 !; No. 4 do, Mrs Bailey and Miss Wishart; N». 5 do, Misses Raby nnd L. Brown; JNo. 6 do, Mrs Hill house and MissCnllins; shooting gallery, Mr J. Richard’ and J. Hicks; fishing pond, Messrs W. Jennings »nd Misses M. Collins, F. Clarke, and T. Hillhouee; refreshment booth, Misses H. Meade and Thomas; ga l . vanio battery, Mr Clendinning. Messrs F. Holt, D. Hicks, and F. Louden also ren dered valuab'e services. A number of selec tions of music were rendered • during the evening, and a brisk business was done. The annual distribution of priz a to the scholars attending All Saints’ Sunday Sch >ol tank pluoo in the schoolroom last evening. There was a good attendance of the scholars and their parents and friends. Tb" chair was occupied by the Rev. H. C. E. Morris, A fitst olass musical and literary programme was carried out by the Misses Wh-tten, Hillman, Middleton, 'Weldon, Bell, Rose, and Brown. An interesting address on Sunday school work was given by the Rev. T. S. Carlyon, after which be made the presentations to the children, with a few encouraging re marks to each of the recipients. A young man named Charles Rohr, resid ing at Redan, attended at the Hospital yes terday, suffering from an incised wound on the arm, caused by a fall of quartz at the Band and Albion mine. The sports committee of the A.N.A. Foundation Day demonstration have, we understand, arranged for a hose-reel race in addition to the previously liberal programme I they bad drawn up. Messrs Reynolds and Douglass, the old opponents, have promised to compete, nnd this alone should attract a number to the sports. As the race will be a handicap one, there will doubtless be a number of other entries, so that spirited j nnd close contests may be looked for, the qualities of all probable competitors being so well known that there should be no diffi culty in equalising their chances of winning. The young man, Edward E. Surbey, alias E. Hobson, will appear at the City Police Court this morning, on remand, to answer the charge of having made a false declara tion regarding the birth of a child, A meeting of the Ballarat Operatic and Musical Society was held at the Central State school, Dana street, on Monday even ing, when there was a large attendance. The roll now numbers over 50 performing mem bers, including names of the leading singers of Ballarat. There were promises of support from leading citiz-ns to subscribe annually to the society. The prospectus and rules are in active preparation, and will be ready in a week or two. The society will com mence practice imm-diately after the holi days, due. notice of which will appear in our advertising columns. Examinations of teachers in the various sciences will be commenced to day, at the Central State school, commencing at 9.30 am., and will be continued over to-morrow and Friday. The subjects for to-day’s examinations will b--:—Sound and light, bo’any, nnd electricity and magnetism. ■ A musical and elocutionary entertainment was given Inst night in the A«tembly-room of the Alfred Hall by members of the various Binds of Hope. Dr Mitchell occu pied the chair, and delivered a pithy ad dress on the subject of total abstinence. There was a fair attendance. The pro gramme, which consisted of solos nnd duets, recitations nnd dialogues, .was evidently greatly enjoyed by the audience, ns applause was hearty and frequent. The proceeds from the entertainment were added to the fund of the Band of Hope Union. Messrs Turpie nnd Elsworth, J’s.P., pre sided yesterday morning at the Town Police Court. A'woman named Elizabeth Lamb, who has a very large number of previous convictions recorded against her, was fined £I, in default a month’s imprisonment, on a charge of drunkenness. One other inebriate was also dealt with. Cases against John Pearce and Alexander Hunter Sceven-on, for neglecting to contribute to the support of their children in the Department for Neglected Children, were postponed for a week. The secretary of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society begs to acknowledge the receipt of a cheque for £7O from Mr Joseph Clark-, on account of Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart,, for the payment of the priz“s awarded to the successful competPor? f°r the best-managed tenant farms and best kept live hedges within the Shire ot Bd larat; also a donation rf £5 5s from the Hon. D. S. Wallace, M.L.C., Ballark (per Mr W. H. Booth), towards the funds of this society. The Victoria College, after having a suc cessful year, breaks up to-dny. During the year 17 of the students were appointed as teachers, and two passed the matriculation. No pupils were B"nt up this year for last matriculation, but 45 students were prepared for the teachers' examinations held this week. The number ou the college roll is 132 A man named Edward M’Arthur was arrested at Ballarat North yesterday by Senior-coustable Mitchell on a charge of having stolen a bottle of brandy, valued at os, the property of Mrs Kenyon, licensee of the Royal o*k hotel, Gres wick road. M’Arthur will be brought before the City Police Court this morning to answer the charge. On Boxing Day admirers of cricket in the district will have an opportunity of wit nessing the play of what is undoubtedly the strongest team of cricketers that h»s ever 1-ft England, under the captaincy of Dr W. G. Grace, tho world’s champion. Ballarat will be represented by 18 players, »o that what they lack in quality may be made up in quantity. With a fie'd of 18 it is not an easy matter to place the ball so as to score, but the visitors may be relied upon to do this. The veteran champion alone should attract a large crowd to witness his prowess after having stood at the top of the tree for so long. Thee, too, batsmen like M. Read, Stoddurt, Peel, Briggs, M’Gregor, Lehmann, and others may be reckoned on for an excellent display with the bat, whilst as howlers Lehmann, Sharpe, Peel, and Briggs stand in the front rank. A splendid exhibition of England’s national game may therefore be confidently anticipated from the visitors. Our local men are hard at work practising, and are deter mined to do their best to uphold the dignity of the dab. A Bridge street tobacconist is to bo prose cuted at the Town Police Court to-morrow morning on a charge of allowing betting to be carried on on bis premises. ' A niost interesting and successful tem perance meeting was held by the St. Paul's branch of the Church of England Tem perance Society on Monday night, in the schoolroom. The president of the branch (the Rev. Canon MaoMnrray) occupied the chair), when the following programme was carried out to n very large and appreciative audienc":—Reading by Mr Hnsking; piano solo, Miss L. Lemp; duet, “The wind and the harp,” Misses Cottier and Winder; dialogue, " Dolly’s doctor,” Ada Barnett and Gertie Greaves; song, “•Turnham toll,” Miss Allen; recitation, “Nay, John,” Roland. Wondger; song, “Jessie’s dream,” Miss Lemp; recitation, “ Little Misunderstanding,’'Maud Barnett; song, Mr Adair; dialogue, “Fairies visit,” by the children; song, “ The child ren’s home,” Miss Matthews; recitation, “ Boys’ Rights,” Arthur Woodger; song, “Queen of the earth,” Mr M’Grath; recita tion, “ Stretch it a little,” Murray Nicholls; recitation, “ The jug and the pitcher,” Alex. Allen. During the evening Mz Turtou, the diocesan secretary, delivered an'addres*. and at the close of the meeting-a large number remained and signed the pledge. At the Buninyong Borough Council on Monday evening, Mr R. M. Harvey, the town clerk, brought forward a water supply scheme. An animated discussion followed! in which Crs Greaves, Whytes, and K“rr K took part. The feeling of the council was that before any decided step was taken, the ratepayers should be consulted. At the Smythesdale-Police Court on Tues day (says our local correspondent) William Armstrong, a respectable looking young man, was charged with having, on Wednes day, the 9th inst.,. resisted and assaulted Constable Allen in the discharge of his-duty. The constable’s evidence went to show that the accused was in the Conrt House hotel making use of very bad language, nnd whilst being arrested resisted violently, and struck witness and Constable Munro, who assisted to convey the accused to the look-up. The licensee of the hotel, Mr John ONcill, gava corroborative evidence. The bench infl oted a fine of £1 and £1 5s costs, which were paid. Messrs Gilhooley nod Lynch were tho presiding magistrates. O-i Saturday evening (siys our Egerton correspondent) Mr W. J. Harris, with his South Egertou Brass Band, gave nn excel lent programme of music from the balcony of—our head teacher—Mr J. E. Walker’s residence. Our townspeople wore delighted. , and trust that- this is -but the precursor of many more such musical- treats. Ou the same day Airs James Seckhart had a very narrow escape from being drowned. Her husband was at work, her children at school, and no one else at home, when she ■went to draw a bucket of water from the well, and. a dizziness coming over her, she •fell in. Fortunately the water was not deep enough to cover her head, and with one foot on the bucket, besides holding on to a pro- Reeling slab, she kept heiself in an upright position till her sister, returning home heard her cries, and procuring the assistance of two miners, who rescued her, but in so exhausted a condition that she must have ’been drowned had not help come so soon. —Extremely heavy arid continuous raiu Jell here on Sunday evening. ; One Sunday a few weeks back was a pouring wet day, and (says a minister) in ■consequence the congregations in the little country church I had to preach were very small; indeed, considering the bad roads and the distance which many of the people had to travel, it was creditable that we had even a small company for Worship. Monday’s post brought a brief note from a gentleman Jiving five miles away, and who could not he present on the Sunday, donating 10s to the collections, that they might not suffer through his and others’ absence. In this case it was not only an act of Chris tain thought fulness, but it was giving from principle. If all Christains were to act similarly (we can hardly expect the same from those who are not) and to give systematically, whatever they can afford, all the - churches would suffer to a very much less degree from wot Sundays. 