A STAGE GHOST. I [ In the course of thirly years' experience as an actor and manager in tne provinces] ! Jaro had some curious adventures, but never one BO utterly beyond my powers of I'comprehejsion as an occurrence which took place at the Theatre- Royal, Woolford, just bafoie Christ-' mas 1S72. I have often related the -details of this matter to my friends, and it was talked of freely at the time. Of course, every man who heard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account for the incident which I conld not possibly account for; nevertheless, none of these theories ever satisfied me and I am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair as I was the day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as most people—at least people of my profession—are aware, is one of the most important theatrical towns in England, and its Theatre-Boyal is visited week after week by the leading touring companies. Eighteen years ago, however, it was the habit of some companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, end it was in accordance with this practice flat lie company ef which I was s member stayed at Woolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1S72. We were a .strong combination, and doling our stay in the place gained much applause for our presentation of Shakespearean plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally good mountingand accessories. There were three persons in our company who excited my interest in an unusual decree. The first was our leading lady, Miss Helen Lattimer, a very handsome clever woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above the ordinary run of actresses, and looked npon her work with that fine enthusiasm which always tends to success. It was a great thing for her chacces in the profession that she had been exceptionally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages in the great dramatist's works which an ordinary mind would have found it difficult to nnderst&ud.; She worked very hard, and devoted several hours a day to study, with the result that when she represented one of her favourite characters you quite forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or Desdemona or Perdila, as the ease might be. Miss Lattimer, in fact, bed already achieved the great distinction of submerging herself in the character which she engaged to present. T*>e second person who attracted my notice was our leading tragedian, Mr Edwaid Boville. He had came into the company under somewhat mysttri^us circumstances. None of us knew him as an actor; he had certainly not gone through the mill, as moct of ns had; and yet he proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to the one he occupied at Woolford. Our manager, if he knew anything of Boville's histoiy. carelully refrained from sharing the knowledge with ns, and we therefore invented a story lor ourselves to the efffct that Boville was a peer in disguise who was acting for amusement. That he-nas a gentleman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tone of the society which we usually call aristocratic, and it was palpably evident that he had been educated as only public-school and nniversity men are. He was always kind and sociable with the rest ot us;"bnt we knew well enough that he was not of ns, and that under other conditions we should not have had intimate relations with him. Boville was a tall handsome man of 2S or 30, and I often thought that he and Miss Lattimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Lattimer and ho struck np a friendship which no doubt seemed to £ome of us likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, and they spent hours on the stage rehearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think. But in spits of all this, I never saw anything which led me to suppose Boville to be" in love with Miss Lattimer. He was always as respectful to her, in a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were halt afraid of his " swell" manners. There was one person, however, who thought that Boville was making love to Miss Lattimer, acd that was the third of the three persons who had excited my interest. Until Boville's sudden advent and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Melford had always been regarded as our most promising man. He had a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might be said to have been bom on the stage. It was only natural that he should very much resent the way in which our manager passed Boville over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resentment. and to throw out hints about amateurs and stage-struck swells, and so on. To this, however, no one paid much attention, for Boville was undoubtedly a verv fine and capable actor, and well worthy the esteem in which our manager held him. I had often thought tLat 3Ielford was in love with Miss Lattimer. I had seen him watshing her with an expression in his face which 1 did not like; I had seen him try to gain speech of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to one of baSed anger. He was not a bad fellow wlien y 011 name to know hiin; b;it his dark, booiewhat sullen countenance did not inenire uny one with feelings of liking. Then, too, he was moody and taciturn, and sometimes had ugly fits, in which it was almost dangerous to speak to him. X believe that old Simpson, our manager, would have got rid of him but for the iat;t that Melfnrd wa* a thoroughlytrained actor, and a very useful man in a travelling company. It was the first week iu December when we opened at Woolford, and ise were to remain thereuntil tha 20th, when the theatre would be closed for a few days to allow or preparations being made for the annual pantGmime. During the two or three weeks preceding our srrivai at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Meiford, and moie especially between łlelfcrd end Sliss Lattimer. On more than one occasion 1 happened to come across Miss Lattimer and Melford talking together, and I fancied each time that she was in tears, wLile I was quite certain that he was speaking angrily aud with a sort of peremptoriness that he had no right to assume. Two days after our arrival at Woolford I overheard the.-e two talkicg in one of the dressing-rooms, and causht the final words which were spoken by Melford. * I shall stand it no longer: I'll give you twenty-four hours, and if you don't speak then, I shall!" Then he went apbruptly away, and very soon afterwards I saw Miss Lattimer leave the theatre: and though she hal a thick veil on, it was evident to me that she had been shedding tears. I wondered what it was that Melford wished her to speak about, hut finally decided that it was nothing more than some grievance in relation to business matters, of which Melford, being a peevish man, always had a stock. And yet that hardly acoonnted for Miss Lattimer's tears. However, it was no business of mine, and I tried to dismiss it from my thoughts. Our play that night- was "Borneo and Juliet," with Hiss Lattimer and Boville as the two ill-fated lovers, and Melford in the part of Tybalt. The occasion was somewhat out ot the ordinary, for the Mayor and Aldeimen of Woolford had given their patronage, and were to be present in full force. When the curiam went np there was hardly standing- room in the more popular parts of the house; and by the time we had reached the ball-scene, and Borneo saw Juliet for the first time, there was not a seat to be had in stalls or boxes, for love or money. It seemed to me that Boville was somewhat agitated that night. I had seen him early in the evening in conversation with Miss Lattimer at the wings. They were not long together; but Melford saw them, and a fierce look came over his face. He went away, muttering to himself, and I thought that we should have trouble ere long. little .did I guess how it was to come. •We reached the scene where Tybalt, returning to the stage, is met-and slain by Borneo. I stood at the wings watohing, others of the company standing near me. Tybalt rushed on, and was met by Borneo. I etarted to see how real -the thing looked. Both men, Boville and Melford, glared at each other as if the quarrel had been a real one affecting themselves. . The duel commenced, the fencing Wis superb, for both men were accomplished swordsmen. One of the men standing by my side remarked how like a real fight it was. Suddenly, as in the "stage directions, Borneo ran Tybalt through the heart, and the latter with one glare rounds -dropped. Boville stood motionless •for a second} gazing at his prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house, And theh alTof a sudden, one of the "iris standing at the wings shrieked aloud "and pointed To a stain that was rapidly crimsoning the boards. The duel had been no acting; it was real, and Melford lay there dead ! I have only a conf LLsedrecollection of what followed. There was no more acting that night, and the streets were soon full of a crowd talking of the awful mischance that had just taken place at the Theatre-Royal. For mischance it could be, and nothing else. By some dire mistake, Boville bad used a buttonless rapier. At the crucial moment, he said,JIelferd slipped, and the weapon, instead of passing between body and arm, had peiut ated bis heart. Of course there was sn inquiry and an inquest and so en; but everybody seemed agreed that the whole thing was a terrible accident, and no blame was attached to BoviHe. Melford was interned, and in a day or two the matter was treated like the proverbial nine days'wonder. But Boville went about looking very pale and haggard—a great contrast to Miss Lattimer, who somehow seemed to have recovered her spirits. For a woek after the accident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville's name was net on the bills, tha manager considering it advisable that he should not appear for a while. Consequently the duties ot leading man devolved on me, and hard work 1 had doiiag the next fortnight. However, I acquitted my.-elf so much to the satisfaction of old Simpson that he set apart the last night of our stay at Woolford for my benefit. Now, I bad slways a desire to play Romee, and I waB all the more anxious to appear in that character on my benefit night because iTise Lattimer was an incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simpson. We were both dubious about the propriety ofj producing the play again eo soon after the fatal accident; but we finally decidod upon doing so, and the bills were got out. I was anxious that Boville Ehould tupport me, and provailed upon him to take the part of Tybalt. He shivered slightly when I named the part tohim, but finally consented on condition that an assumed name should go docra on the bills. Tbe ni^ht came ; 1 had a full bouse and .-. splendid reception, and Miss Lattimer was in magnificent form. Th9 early scenes went off admirably, and after the balcony scene I felt so elated with mv own success as to have visions of a grea"t carter in the metropolis. Boville, on the other hand, was gloomy apd under a cloud. " Tom," she said, coming,10 me at the wings, "something is going to happen to me tonight." I looked at him in amazement. He shook his head. ' • Something will happen to me tonight," he repeated. "I know it. I feel," out of forts, Boville. The Christmas jollities will put you all right." ' Toull see," he said, and turned awav. The ssene soon came where 1, as Borneo, encounter the fitly Tybalt and slay him. As I stood awaiting Bjville's approach. I suddenly became aware of a 6trange coldness that seemed to spread it-elf all round me. The words, 'Bcre conies t :;c feiy Tybalt back again." fell on my ears unheeded. I saw Boville advancing. And then—I felt a cold touch on my hand, and a voice—Melford's voice —whisper: " Not you, Tom." I felt myself held as in a vice, and saw another Borneo glide past me sword in hand. I caught a glimpse of his face—heavens! it was Melford came back. I heard the rapiers clash together and stood spell-bound. 1 heard a voice behind me whisper: "Go on, Tom—go on," and never moved. I was watching something that EO one in that house saw except myseli. There they stood, the living man Boville, a.nd the ghost Melford, fighting. Suddenly, Melford's rapier went home, and Boville fell. I filiated and dropped on the staie. When I came round, it was to hear of a tragedy. Ihey said that Boville advanced upon the stage, aud. that I, for some unaccountable reason, stood still as if transfixed. Boville's face suddenly assumed a horrorstricken expression; he threw up his arms and dropped — dead. Heart- difeuse, the doctcrs said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever the truth of the matter may be. and whatever was the nature of that strange secret shared by Miss Lattimer and the two men, I know beyond question that my place as Romeo was assumed for £ minute by the spirit of Charles Melford in order that he might wreak his vengeance on the man who had murdered birn three weeks before.— Cin.uli.'s Jizir.icl. 