AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. " The County Fair," which was produced in Adelaide for the first time at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night is what may be termed a dramatic novelty so far as Australia is concerned, being a play not only originating in America, but being essentially American throughout. To depnvej it of its spice of Yankee flavor -would be to divest it of the quality upon which it most depends for public favor, just as an essentially Australian play like "Robbery Under Arms," or " The Sunny South" would in America stand or fall by the verdict of the spectators who appreciated or otherwise the .scenes from colonial life therein depicted. Neil Burgess, the author of "The County Fair," is a clever actor, who, likeMr. Sheridan, sustained the leading female role in the piece, but Mr. James McMahan, who purchased the colonial rights was of opinion that the Jpart of Miss Abigail Prue would be more acceptable to colonial plavgoers if repre sented by an able actress like Miss Sadie Stringham, whose services he secured, and in this we think his judgment is correct. It is claimed for ''The County Fair"' that "its construction is entirely removed from conven tional methods, and it presents at once a vivid and truthful picture of Kew England or 'Yankee' country life and character, and a fitory phrased in that quaint and irresistibly humorous idiom that has bees made proverbial by such men as James Russell Lowell and Mark Twain. The almost idyllic sympathy of the story, with its quaint admixture of pathos and unspeakable humor, is perhaps not less accountable for the remarkable success which 'The County Fair' is everywhere ex periencing than the now historical race scene/' We are able to endorse these claims from what we witnessed on the occasion of Saturday night's production, and it is entirely from this standpoint that "The County Fair" must be judged. It is a play almost without a plot, and the slender thread of story which runs through it can be traced in a few words. A good-hearted spinster, Abigail Prae, owning Rockbottoin Farm, receives into her service as a domestic a young girl known as Taggs, a waif sent down by the New York Rescue Mission. Taggs is fol lowed by Tim Tanner, another waif of the jockey type, and he also secures a place on the farm. The male boss of the establishment is Otis Tncker, with whom Abigail is secretly in love, and he returns her affection, but is too bashful to speak. Solon Hammerhead has a mortgage over tlte farm and anxiously waiting to foreclose. Ue makes the discovery that Tim Tanner has been a gaolbird, and at the same time Taggs is accused of the theft of a watch, and both are being dismissed by Miss Abby in disgrace, when Otis returning from Kew York says he placed his watch before be went away for safety in the place where it was found. Taggs is therefore restored to favor and Tim also, and the Utter discovers that in Cold Molasses they have a racehorse who can win the principal stake at the county fair. Tim adopts all kinds of dodges to keep Molasses in training till the eventful day, as Miss Abby wants the horse to be fattened up and go slow in her buggy. Unknown to her the farm hande subscribe the entrance monev, and Cold Molasses, ridden by Tim, starts and wins a desperate race. The 3,000 dollars thus earned come as a windfall to Miss Abby, and enables her to pay off the mortgage and retain Rcckbottom Farm. Otis Tucker plucks up courage enough to speak, and is aco^pteci, an<i no doubt Taggs in due time becomes united t*> Tim. The interest in "The County Fair' depends not so much upon its story as u{kh< the manner of its construction and the way it is produced. Otis Tucker and Abigail Prne are typical Yanks, the former speaking all through with a slow deliberate drawl, quaint and aggravating in its nasal twang, and yet the part is maHe highly humorous. Abigail Prue speaks with an equally strong 'Merikin flavor, with a rapidity and volubility that is just as distressing in its way as tin- drawl of Otis. Bliss Abby's tongue goes with the dang of a church bell, and she eroress?? herself heartily and openly about everything and to everybody. She has a most determined will and way of her own, but she is amenable to sentimental flattery, and the soft aide of her character is shown in her charitable actions and her affection for "that boy Otis." These parte are respectively playixl by Mr. Frank .1. Comer and Mias Stringhkio, and upon them the whole success of the piece depends. They keep the other roemb?n of the company going, and are the most 'promineot figures in every scene but the last ate in which Che race horses are engaged. The supporting characters are Taggr tMise Marie Brooks), who has not much of die waif in her appearance or style, a-? efae makeE up and acts 6O as to be in t-eresttng and attractive, while playing with the measure of abandon that is necessary to the rule. As Tim Tanner Mr. R. Watson assume*, a "downy' swagger, and niavs tap to Tagg? in the comedy soent-b. He also tiuices and sings sucoeaKfuliy in the' corn hutking olio, in which all the characters appear. <ith«r as performer* \>r listeners. Solon Hanunerhtsd has an Mv re presentative in Mr. Oily !)•" ring, who makes up well and dot*, his !?_-:•;>•.,> crUjieatly. There are a?M> Mi?* AJ.'ov'* nHst>.- Sally (Mi*s Ad* Dow*. ssallV.-, imp; s (Mits Kau- Vic-tun, -l-f5 * ll.triii'tt (Me. Harrii-.i, Sila* Tho:ii|~..n (Mr. W.nJi, lint WiLon. a∈£f'rtMr. Kciiiw, liili j\irk.-r, a bookmaker (Mr. Maher). ami ::srai'M:: -other pfcrsonagtK. "Tin! County l"?ir"' i-> made up of incidents of every day life, and therefore ib bumelhing of a medley with a strain <<f • .\".ni\afmia running through u to route the iavguU-r oi thu audience. For *-isuci-l-. Titn fanner if hidden in an unused own by Tugjr.-. u"ho come- duwn in her nipht dn?i to let him o it. Mum Abby and Sally ait roused by a sodden uoioe and appts.tr in the same njgbt garb, one of lhf-:n buap tumbled headlong down tlie Ktair*. TliUsixMiro -Ihe fall of the curtain amidst >uv;xte >>i lattgiitvr ar.d apidauMi. T!:e race in th«- concluding act ib irrtainly a ir.o=t rtahVlic affair, j'.s three live horx« art- -<-_u running at top fcjwwi actually making t:.f nuinWr uf strides that would cam' them over a mile uf ground. Tliuoe iiorMa haw l>*n trained tothe work, and six*.LaJiy brought. n ••r at a big ex{wn>v fuwn Melbourne D^ndy, KIDJf Fibber, and Cold Mulasrvg are tv'pL-: tiyfly ridden by J. .Sinclair, V. Cubitt, atvi Tini Tanner, an<3 a^hai U*?n explained thewho!* tiling is done by a v<ry injs?uio:;-> j>;«*«- <rf n*ecL&iii.oin.; The horses: are actually i-imnin£ on revolving cucoanut iiljtv U-lth etp-tclied <m drums and t-upportcd on nJlere, wliil.- the bobutry at tbeuack is a [uuoraiiui of tin; country running in an oj>|**MCe direction. Owing to delay* en route tlw hcenvry ami niccbaiiictn oniy arrived liwe on rtattirday morning, and were with ditiiculty j?ot into working order by the uifrht. Making allowaoom for its hasty pii:uarauun tli<: &*me w<-nt well ou Saturday, and by its i«a!:stu *>%?.?k<<l the hearty i/lau<lit6 oi di<> onjooki'rt. There was a big house, aud thu audit-no* aj)|x.'atvd thorouglily to enjoy the piecr. so that ;t swiiis likely "Tiie County l'air' will !iav«r a -.'i:■:■:>.-. ful run tluougbwut \h<s w^\k. Mr. V. ilughes, advativi.' managi-r ft<s Messrs. WilliauiGon, Garner, & Mu.-grov^, ha iirrived i« Adelaide to uiakt: fi)xang<-'mw?i.< for tlie aj>jxaran«; here of their C-jniie O|in Conijiany, which will o|fcn at tlu> theatr<r on Wcdisesday, September I'J, isi Gilbert and Sollivan's latest «"ork "Thv <ioii<iofk-rs.:: Simons*-n'£ Italian Opre-a CVinij>j.ny aiv \l-v ; > aiijiear here on November 2£. SATfBJUY'S ToltLili CONVEKX. Tbere v as a fair attendance at the Urn loeiuii popular concert of the series, but in ixtint uf uiufcical success it can hardly be said to bear favorable comparison with those previously given. The singers with one or two excep tions seemed out of synipatbv with the songs they sang, and tlte audience was correspond ingly cold and irresponsive. Mr. H. O.^Cash gave Pintuti's descriptive soug "The Kafx' correctly, but without infusing any semblance of lifeer vigorintohistinging.sotliateofaras the audience was concerned the mother aud child might as well have lk.-eu engulfed in the wafe as saved by the"galliut ciaft." In "Lifc-t -roil tail''" just tlie opiwsite effect, was pro duced, t-very woixl being given its true value, the result being syinpatli<>tic aud pl>ja=iug. Of the vocalists Miss Minna Scbiuder was most in touch with the audience, her rendering^ of Hope Temple's "In sweet iSejitember" being full of pathos and richly deserving the encore which /oUowed, while "The lass of Rich mond Hill/: with which she lesponded, wass equally charmingly sung. Miao Scliraders other selection, "Good-night, farewell, 1' given uitli dear enunciation and tasteful <jsi)r<s^iun, was also well received. Mr. T. L. Middletou did but scant justice to " Jlome of my heart, 11 from Wallace's "Lurline.'' liis voi..-e was hard and strained and his eiforts to reach the higher nous were extremely i>aiiifuL 1 f suffering fi-om a cold it \yould have ljec-n infinitely preferable for the singer to liave substituted the lower notes both for his own aud his hearers' sake. The effect of this exploding on the top notes in the duet with Miss Sebrador. "One tender kiss/' vrasboth hsrsh and unmu-icol. A slight im|irovvment wat noticeable in Robertson's* " liecaiLse I love thee ko," Mr. Middleton's second number. Miss iicrtlia Rossow ?aiig Bubinstein's '" l)u Bist wieeim; Blume," ;u?d in retjxjn.se to an encore '" Homo, ,swe«Jt home." which u% given with technical correfctin>s, but entirely lacked that subtle feeling with which other artistes have exercised so powerful a sway over the emotions of their hearers. A waltz song by Venzano, in which uufor tuuatfcly the piano and voice got somew)i:it at wa, was Miss Rossow's next number, the tinal one being Gounod's setting of Victor Hugo's beautiful words "When tliy song tliro' the Sjtillness of night." This was charmingly given, the violoncello obligate by HerrVollmar and Mr. C. J. Sharp's tasteful playing of the piano accompaniment largely contributing to thesucccF?ofthis exquisite song. The grand quartet from Verdi's "Rigoletto' was given by Misses Bertha. Rossow and OSullivan and Messrs. T. !<. Middleton and EL R. Holder, but was not a striking succeee, there being too much individualism about the voices, which foiled to bl^nd harmoniously. By far the most eajoyaUe portions of the proczanme were the 'cello solo of Herr volhnar, whose masterly performances on this in etrume&t; are not staled by repi- titton, but are always heard with pleasure. Not alone does Herr VoUmar display his love for his art in die ekilful manipulation of his instrument or in the sweet rich tones which it breathes fcrth at his command, but it is noticeable that he commits to memory die most intricate and difficult subjects, all of which he has literally at his fingers' ends. Goltermann's "Concerto," \vhich_Herr Vollmar has previously played in Adelaide, was repeated on Saturday with a wealth of expression and power which was amply entrancing;, while an adagio by liugiel was equally fascinating. The art of a true accompanist is self-denying, and Mr. C. .T. Sharp is a leading exponent of that art, hi-? accompaniment!; being simply perfection. The final concert of the season will be held on Saturday next, when the services of the follow ing artistes have been engaged:—Herren H. Heinicke and (?. Vollmar, Mis-ies Lucy Stevenson and O'fullivan, Me.-'sri. C. P. James, JL Marcus, U. G. Xash, an<l 1L K. Holder. Bnj.iAnn Exhibition. John Roberts, j;m. t the champion billiard player ot the world, will commence a short season at Oarncr's Rooru-s thi* afternoon, during which he will give a di«p'ay of his wonderful mastery over the "ivories." Hi.- name amongst the lovers of the green cloth is world-famed, and for m:uiy years he has been head and ehoulJors over all opponents iu every part of the world. His mastery over the game is simply perfection, while his fancy shots are of a most fascinating character. Mr. Roberts arrived on Saturday morning by express, having given exhibitions to very huge audiences in and Sydney. Among these weie the governors of the two colonies and Counu.t-s Hopetoun. In Melbourne he gave one-fourth of the gross receipts of his season to the floods relief fund, which benefited to the extent of over £200. In Adelaide he will appear every afternoon at 3 o'clock and every evening at 8 o'clock, meeting Evans, thn champion of Australia, Albas, the local champion. Powers of Broken Hill, and one or two well-known amateurs. G.amer'e Room", as we have indi cated, has been ><pecia)ly fitted up, the table being placed in the centre of the stalls, and tiers of eeats raised around it. This afternoon the Governor and party will be present, when Koberte and Evans will stare a 2,000 up game, Evans being conceded 1,000. Mr. Roberts will .-Uio exhibit his skill in fancy billiards. Mr. H. A. Albers has charge of the general arrange ments for the eaniii-, and under his super vision tie table has been erected. Th« season will lart for a week. The box plan has been opened at Wuodman'.s. The Cvoi.orama. The interest in this magnihoent representa tion in no way flags. During the past week nearly 2,000 visitors hare passed tho turnstile. Mr. lockley's interesting descriptions, which are inter<jier=ed with some very quaint re marks, are much appreciated. The musical effects during the lectures are charming, and the darkness and earthquake make a moat rtsli.-tic addition to the scene. Thf. Fastixc; Max. Feli\ Tanner's feat of fasting for 40 daysand night- cam<\- to a termination on Saturday night at 10 o'clock. This is the third fast Tanner has accomj>Jished since last November. There m< a largv concourse of visitors throughout tlieday and evening, and at 10 o'clock, in the presence of a " I'uU hous«'," he broke his font by partak ing of a £ mail quantity of soda and milk. On this- and light liquid* hi- will have to subsist for the next ten days. In outward appearance Tanner has not materially changed for several days, but the waste of tissue was serious his weight being less by 36 Ib. than when he started on the 2Sth June. His facial expres sion was weary and worn, the eyes showing a great want of lustre, and his body was very shrunken. In the chest measurement he k?t 0 in., and in the ambilh'cus 7 in., with proportionate shrinkage in the limbs and neck. Tanners next feat will be a trial of en durance with Succi, the American faster, minus however, the medicant which Suo?i uf*-s. Whatever science may gain from such t«-te it is only fair to say that there was nothing repulsive in the exhibition, and that the management was conducted with every re gard to tie comfort of visitors. Ghost Itxcsiox. This exhibition attracted a large number of visitor* on Saturday. Mr. Bommard an nounce* hie last week" but vne. 