GENERAL NEWS. THE CENTENARY OF JOHN WESLEY'S DEATH. On Sunday, March 1, in most of the Wes leyan Churches in this colony references were made to the centenary of John Wesley's death, the celebration of which will be observed this The Rev. H. T. Burgess, President of the Conference, preached in the Archer- street Wesleyan Churoh on Sunday evening from Isaiah lv. 6 and 7—"Seekye the Lord while He may be found; call ye upon Him while He is near," Ac. In the course of his sermon he saidPreaching the Gospel is God's appointed method of saving the world. Every great and permanent religious awakening has been wrought by this agency. The revival of last century with which the name of JolniWesley is so closely associated was no exception. It was brought about by the proclamation of truths that were not new, hut which had been i neglected and well nigh forgotten. Whoever : would set out to ascertain , its character, and 1 how it.eame to pass that its results were so ; blessed and abiding, must paydue regard to ; this fundamental fact. John Wesley had no ambition to be the leader of a party, but he . had. a passion for. saving . souls .which con ' strained him to preach' saving truths. The Spirit of God wrought with the Word, making it abundantly fruitful. That word retains ail its original newer and the some divine blessing accompanied it still, of which the vitality and expansiveness, the past history and present position of the Methodist Church, afford abundant proof. The passage selected is interesting, because it was the text of Wesley's last sermon preached at Leatherhead on February 23, 1791, but still more so because by a singular and beautiful coincidence it either embodies or suggests the prin cipal doctrines that hod proved so powerful during his long career. It iurnishes a remarkably complete summary of the great fundamental truths John Wesley taught, whioh were so largely blessed to the salvation of sinners, and to which his followers still tenaciously hold. It shows that religion does not consist merely in ecclesiastical rela tions, but is a matter of individual experience that men are responsible for working out their personal salvation, tbe universality of the divine love for mankind, and the danger to which those who neglect their duty and oppor tunities are exposed. The truth that religion is a moral question involving not only a man's Church relations, but bis moral oharscter and bis relatione with God, though familiar now to all evangelical Christendom, was not so a hundred ana fifty years ago. A man might be a good Churchman then andyetknownotningof Christianity , but its name. It was sufficient for him that he had been baptized and con firmed, and provided he paid his dues he com monly had no idea that anything more was re quired of him. Men who were evil livers, drunkard^ and profane were admitted to tbe Lord's Table when tliey chose to come, ood it is notorious that sometimes even those who administered in sacred things indulged in the grossest immorality and vice. The result was a most deplorable condition in both Church and State. From Court to hovel, among the clergy and the laity, there was woful aisre fard of moral obligations. Virtue, truth, onour, sobriety were at a perilously low ebb. The whole head was sick, and the whole heart was faint. The only remedy was such preaching as that of John the Baptist, which denounced sin in high places or low with uncompromising fidelity. John Wesley began his ministry on similar lines. A striking element in his preaching was his declaration of the necessity of repentance. He called upon the nicked to "forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts." One of the first texts he preached from after his return from Germany was "Except ye be converted and become as little children ye cannot enter into the Kingdom of Heaven." Another was " The Scripture hath concluded all under sin." Such preaohing as this out to the heart and prepared the way for the comfort ihg assurance that God was ready to pardon. One of its effects was to shut Wesley out of the Churches, and compel him to form Societies which necessarily developed into a Church organised on New Testament principles, In. framing the rules for these Societies the same fixed principle was given the most prominent place. The one condition required of those who sought to enter them was a desire to flee from the wrath to come and to be saved from their sins. It was emphatically stated that those who continued in them were expected not only to oonform to certain regulations but to exhibit the evidence of a changed experience and character. Equally emphatic was the announcement that religious joy was based on conscious peace with God and that an assurance of sins forgiven was the privilege of all believers. The men whom Wesley chose for his fellow-helpers were not selected because they bad complied with ecclesiastical requirements, but because they had experienced the converting grace of God. The experimental side of religion, indeed, 'was a distinguishing feature of the entire Methodist economy throughout all itsjdepartments mid in all its operations. It is proper that |at this time such a characteristic should reoeive distinct recogni tion, and that there should be a renewedper oeption of its paramount importance. There is still no small danger less the mechanical observance of certain forms should take the place of vital piety. It needs to be reiterated with unabated emphaaiBthat it is not enough to have an external connection with the visible ; Church, but that in order to seek salvation the 1 wicked man must forsake his way and the un righteous man hiB thoughts, sincerely turning to God that he may find mercy and abundant pardon. A second prominent element in John Wesley's preaching was his insistance on human responsibility in the matter of per sonal salvation. This sIbo is clearly set forth in the text, whieb shows that the enjoyment of spiritual blessingais contingent on compliance with certain conditions. Men most " seek the Lord with earnest desire, call upon Him in earnest prayer, turn from their sins and return to God. The spiritual deadness in the Churches of Great Britain in Wesley's time was in some measure due to the erroneous viewB held on these subjects by theologians of certain schools. Exalting the sovereignty of God, they denied the free agency of man, rep resented his salvation or otherwise as fixed by eternal decree, and thUB developed the belief that it was altogether outside individual control. Thus, while religious life was , deadened by a lax morality in some | quarters it was stunted in others by the | freezing atmosphere these doctrines diffused. > There were, of course, some earnest souls who sought and found the Saviour in spite of all discouragements, and who lived a godly life notwithstanding their surroundings, but the circumstances were totally unfavourable to the development of that sense of personal obliga tion which must be felt by every anxious enquirer. Wesley taught khatrepentance was an act 6i man its well as a grace of God, that it was the duty as well as the privilege of. every man to believe oh the Lord Jesus Christ for the salvation of his soul, that he was aocountable to God for the right use of. all his opportuni ties and capabilities, and that if condemned at' all it would not be as the result of an in scrutable decree but because of his own impeni tence and neglect. From such suggestive passages as "What must I do to be saved," lie declared the whole counsel of God iu this reBpeot with such convincing force that multi tudes with streaming tears reechoed the enquiry, and obeyed the direction to "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ." It is difficult for us to realize the influence thus exerted on the religious thought of the nation. It has con tributed to making preaching practical instead of dogmatic; direct and defimteinsteadof vague and uncertain; and substituted in innumerable instances plain dealing with the hearts and consciences of sinners for unprofitable attempts to explore the inscrutable mysteries .of God. Another cardinal truth to which John Wesley gave especial prominence was the universality of God's love for mankind and ite practical ex hibition. A narrow theology bad limited the redemptive work of Christ, and consequently ffie benefits of his sacrifice to a chosen few. Ooincidently with this erroneous doctrine there was a prevalent delusion that certain classes of men, such as the negroes who were held in slavery and the down trodden masses of (he population, either had no souls at all or were excluded from the covenant of grace. The effect was a general disregard of the claims of humanity as such and no just appreciation of the dignity and value of the individual man. The educated and wealthy ignored alike the example of Christ and the pleadings of charity, while multitudes of those who needed the gospel most lived and died in ignorance that it had any message for them. It is little wonder that the proclaim tion of freo and boundless benevolence sent a thrill through the hearts of clustering thou sands at Kingswood, at Blackheath, at Moor fields, and many other places. It came like a' new revelation when depraved men and women were told that God was willing to have mercy, upon them; that He h^d sent His Son Jesus to die for them, and that if they Would turn from their sins Ho would abundantly pardon. Wesley's teaching on these subjects involved him m protracted polemic controversy, the effect of which has been to modify the entire system of what is now regarded as orthodox theology. In this strife many of his associates, and notably Fletcher, of Madeley, took a mom' active part than was possible for nim with - iris incessant engagement in other directions. Tim controversy is now praotioally dead. Calvi nism as it was then preached has boon coin- ■ pared to a granite .boulder in 'the bed of a winter torrent—never seen' exoept in very dry weather. .What Joseph' Cook called the preaohable theology of Methodism has infiuanoed all the Churohes., God is represented as the loving father of all His creatures, sincerely desiring their salvation, and Jesus Christ as their Redeemer, whose mission on earth was to bring them to God.' Times are wonderfully (hanged since John Wesley's mother told him in 1739 that till a short time previously she bad soaroe heard such a thing mentioned as the having forgive ness of sins now, much less did she imagine that this was the oommon privilege of all true believers. Throughout evangelical Christendom the love of God is not merely preached as a neoessary attribute of deity, but as a personal consciousness that eveiy one. may • possess. Believers are encouraged to expect -and ex horted to confess an assurance -that'their sins, are forgiven. TheOhristian life is not shadowed by gloomy uncertainty as to whether after all it will end in disappointment, but brightened by the sunshine of certain reconciliation with God and a joyful hope of Heaven. Whilethe passage before us contains cheering intimations of Divine loving kindness..it also cautions against presuming on Divine forbearance. -God must besought "while He may be found, "and called upon. "while He is neart" or He may never be found' at alL There is a tendency in modern times to obscure or deny the limita tion of the day of grace. In some instances there is a manifest rebound from the idea of a God in whom love for sinners is less con spicuous than displeasure against sin to- that of a being in whom such displeasure has practically no place at all. Parental.tender nesa is exaggerated into parental weakness, and represented as accomplishing what , is a moral impossibility—such treatment of wilful sin that it shall have no penal consequences whatever. It is a delusion, and those • who cherish it deceive themselves^ while those who proclaim it cannot wonder if their hearers remain impenitent and unooueerned. Front this pernicious error the preaching of the Wesleys and their associates was entirely free. George Whitfield preached a thousand times from the text" Ye must be born again," and Wesley's trumpet gave no uncertain sound. On all the points referred to John Wesley and those who cav<o under his commanding influ ence drew their inspiration directly from the volume of Divine revelation. ' They had tested the truths they preached iu their'own experi ence, and they recognised their dependence for success on the presence and power, of the fl-ily, Ghost. Thus their speech and their preaching was "nst with enticing words of mans wisdom but id demonstration of the spirit, and-with power." In conserving the harvest they. were privileged to reap they sought the Divinognid: anoe aud did not seek it in vain. Theyw;ere led step by step in a way that they, had neither known nor chosen, and they freely .oonfesseq this is.the Lord's doing, ana it is marvellous in our eyes." Refusing to be hound by human restrictions, but following the indications of Divine Providence, and sustained by a pas sionate enthusiasm for the salvation of souls, they were instrumental as Divine agents in accomplishing a work which no oppo sition could neutralize, and against which even the " gate of hell shall not prevail." The review of what God has done by the agency of Methodism during the last hundred years, may fill us with gratitude, and a survey of its posi tion impress us with a sense of its grave responsibility. No clearer proof oould be desired of the Divine favour than is thus afforded, and that favour will not be withdrawn from, the Methodist Church white it is faithful to its mission. So long aa it oontinuas to uphold the great truths embodied in the text, and to justify the description given of it by the. famous Thomas Chalmers, as "Christianity in earnest" it will multiply more and more. We devoutly eoho the dying words of John Wesley repeated over and over again—a hundred years ago to-day—"The bestof all is God! is with us," and if He be for us who can be against 