CoNTrINUNo our remarks on "Ipswich past, present, and future," it may not be out of place to say here, once for all, that our object in writing this series of articles is not so much to give a historical account of the past, as to stimulate the too slumbrous energies of many of our present citizens into activity and enter prise, and to direct them, if possible, into profitable channels-namely, to the de velopment of our exceptionally rich, abundant, and varied resources. We have said before, and we say again, that noother district in Queensland-not even the famous Mount Morgan-is more highly endowed by Nature than Ipswich and West Moreton. And, so far as in dividual enterprise is concerned, there are a few amongst us-especially those who are promoting the coal, textile man facturing and iron-works industries who are deserving of all credit for their push, pluck, and perseverance, in es tablishing and carrying on, sometimes in the face of many difficulties, those important local industrial under takings. The potteries are also well worthy of mention, and, over and above all, the men who are endeavouring to awaken an intelligent interest in the promotion of agriculture, in connection with the cultivation of cotton, &dc.;, are deserving of the best thanks of every memberofthe community. Slowly the community are beginning to appreciate the splendid efforts of our industrial pioneers, and just as slowly they are de taching the faith which they have pinned, too long, to Governments, parties, and professional politicans. And, alas! this growing and sorrowful distrust in Parliament, as an agency for the salvation of this colony from its present distresses, is too well founded. The people's chosen leaders have forfeited their principles, broken their pledges, and betrayed their country. The people's representatives of le-ser note are chiefly occupied with deep schemes for making their future "calling and election sure" -not, in many cases, by the upright, straightforward course of faithful and fearless service, but by meekly bowing to the behests of those now in power, men whom they were returned, or elected to Parliament, to oppose. The present Coalition Government has no mandate from the people; it is doing nothing for the people; and popular tepresentatives, who unqualifiedly support it, must be prepared to reckon with their constituents at no distant date. We have placed dependence upon politics too long; and the only result of our mis pilaced confidence may be described in the words of Holy Writ: " We have sow' the wind and are reaping the whirl-wind." I?f we have any desire to make progress and enjoy prosperity in the future we nmust turn our attention in other direc tions, and that without delay. Organis tion is the watch-word of the jresent day. If there is a bright side to this compara tively new development, there is also a dark side. Opposing parties are ranging themselves into antagonistic camps, with a show of resolute determination which awakens olminous foreboding f'r the future. Strife is in the air, and the future is dark with the shcdows of portentous "coming events." If there are any who counsel peace, their voices are drowned in the discordant cries and threateninga of the contending parties. Is Ipswich to be within, or clear of, the battle-field 1 ShaHll we fight, hold aloof, or act the worth' part of mediators We cannot sit quietly and ignore all the trouble, and yet expect to eRcapIe unscathed. In preparing to neelt the visible inevitable, wahat should first ,e done 1 Most certainly our first duty is to urganise our forces; not in opposing camps, but, if possible, into a united whole, blending and fusing the general interests, aims, and aspirations of all ints a solid, compact form, bearing the noble stamp of " Unity and Strength." Throw politics to the dogs for a time. We certainly have nothing to gain or lore from the Coalition Government, or from the conglomeration of repellant ele ments which compose their following. The best policy for the town and dis trict is to work for industrial co-opera tion and unity, and have nothing to do with political warfare. There is no leading man, party, or cause, in the present Parliament in the least degree worthy of our steel. The leaders on one side are monopolists and reactionaries; and, on the other, they are a bundle of broken reeds held in the hands of Sir TaoMAs M'InweaAITs. The best local men have not the ghost of a chance of being returned in a general election ta support any party noweisting in the House of Assembly. Let us form the nucleus of a new party, solid and inde pendent. Let us first "bunch" the industries of the town and district, and then "bunch" and consolidate our political power I And, when that is done, let the whole in fluence of the town and district go as a make-weight in every good cause, irrespective of men or parties. Other distritrs are adopting this course, as we shall show in a future article. But itf nothing is done practically in the direc tion indicated above, we may make up our minds to be driven about like drift wood or wreckage in the storms which are surely gathering their forces for such an outbreak of hostilities between class and class as Australia has never yet seen. In the face of what is coming, we should ask ourselves two questions-first, Shall we fight for the classes either under the banner of GarrvTa or M'ILwaaxTm, or the Opposi tion I If we understand the feeling of the local community, the answer is an emphatic No! Then shall we fight for resolution, disorder, strikes, bullets, State socialism I Again, without hesita tion, we answer No ! The well-being of tbe colony lies between these two ex tremes. We must get back to the old Liberal policy to which Ipswich and West Moreton owes so much : The policy of settling the people on homesteads, and giving the first consideration to the general well-being and high social standing of the whole community. And here we would ask that the famous old plan as applied to street-cleaning be adopted. In that case the order was that every man sweep the space thoroughly in front of his own premises. The purification of politics and the restoration of prosperity must be accom plished on the same principle. Let each district organise andconsolidate all its forces, purge out everything that is corrupt, demoralised, or of evil tendency; pin their colours to no man's coat, runn ing the risk of having them hidden or draggled in the mire, when the trusted, but unworthy, leader either turns his garment or casts it from him and dons the enemy's mantle of purple or the tin eel robes of the mountebank. - Rather let our colours be held aloft by intrepid hands, to catch, and sway in, theheavenly breezes, and to gleam in the sunshine of the open firmament; always in the van of progress ;.always waving in the fiont where the people's best interests are con cerned or at stake. Let it be seen that there is vigorous life in Old Limestone yet. It is in times of danger that new eras are ushered idto the world. In the piping times of peace and plenty, men can lie on their backs and dream; obut when hosts are arming on either side, and the wolves of poverty are leaping into the people's homes, it is time to stand shoulder to shoulder and be pre pared for action. Our advice can be summed up in one word-" Associate." The name of the association is of little moment. In former articles we have suggested a Progress Association. Per hape the exigencies of the times demand that the word " vigilant" be prefixed to the name. " TheIpswichand West More ton Vigilant Progres Association," al though it is set in the womb of the future, has amass ofheavy work accumu lating and awaiting its advent. 