THE BIOUX INDIANS AND "SITTING BULL." The following, from the Pall Aall Gazette, of November 28, gives some idea of the causeof the recent troubles between the United States Government and the Red Indians, which have, from time to time, been referred to in our cable grams: The Sioux revolt bids fair to be a murderois business before the hatchet is buried, and the pipe of peace is smoked. Dakota has about 30,000 Indians, divided into two dozen tribes, and only about a third have assumed the ways (and the clothes) of civilisation. .About one tenth are agriculturists, and their children attend twenty-one day- schools and eight boarding-schools, the averagedaily attend ance being 826. The number of Dakota Indians who can read is under 2000. The amount of land held in reserves by the Indians is over 41,000,000 acres, of which 5,000,000 are well adapted for farming purposes. The tribes, however, only lthiv'ate 10,000 acres. They have more than 24,000 hores, 7000 head of cattle, and 600 swine. Thered man troubles have existed for many years, arising out of plunder and broken faith on the part of the. Govern ment on the one hand, and retaliation and reprisals on the other. The present criasis is due, firstly, to bad faith on the part of the American Government in supplyinginsufficeient food of poor quality; secondly, to the way in which the Sioux have been cheated out of their lands, without receiving the promised recom pense; and, thirdly, to the frenzied prophecies of visionaries, who find the ground well prepared for the reception of their mystical outpourings, "ghost dances:'," and all the rest of it. The sale of the Bioux lands was recently the subject of a treaty negotiated by General Crook-who is affectionately styled by the tribes-men "the Indian's friend" which would confer countless benefits, it was represented, on the Sioux. Ul timately they were induced (not without misgivings) to sign that treaty; and within a month the Government issues of rations and other supplies, with annuities and so forth, were cut down to the tune of £3,000,000 sterling a year! General Crook, who had always acted in good faith, took this dishonourable, cheese paring policy so much to heart that his grief is said to have hastened his death. The present imbroglio is also due, in part, perhaps, to the absence of anyone so well equipped for the delicate task of conciliation as General Crook. It is no easy matter to manage Indians. Ignor ant, suspicious, and mischievous, they are yet shrewd to resent what they consider an insult. They will beg tobacco, for instance, shamelessly; but they are humiliated if their request is denied. Canada's policy towards the red m-n has booeen framed on more humane and straightforward lines than that of the United States, but the Sioux who en tered the Dominion, with Sitting Bull, some years ago, were troublesome, for a time, now and then. Sitting Bull, who has been styled, by the enterprise of American journalism, "the Napoleon of the Redskins," is undoubtedly a born leader of men-a fact which has been proved over and over again in many a sortie by the great chief and his braves. It is the penalty of greatness-even in the case of a cut-throat savage warrior to be misrepresented; and Sitting Bull cannot complain on this score, for he has been gibbeted (in print), from time to time, as a loafer, a dude, a thief, a gradu ate of Yale, a graduate of West Point, a "coffee-cooler" (wha'.ever that may be), a brave man, and an arrant coward. About 1867, Sitting Bull was a blanket warrior on the plains. He was bold and independent, and despised the whites. Two years later he began to attract at tention. One of his tribe was murdered -as he said-in "cold blood." He met General Morrow for a "pow-wow" on the subject, and the General, foreseeing the difficulties that must arise, consented to "cover" the body- that is, he piled blankets and presents over the corpse until Sitting Bull declared himself satis fled. From his independent and fearless action on this occasion, his success may be dated. HiS forces immediately began: to grow in numbers and in influence, and ultimately he found himself at the head of one of the most powerful tribes of the plains. 'He made hiseampin the-wilds,i allowed no white visitors to his territo, and wished simply to be left alone. He never asked the Government for favours. He lived on the Yellowstone River, claiming all the land along that stream and its tributaries. In 1875 and 1876 a trifling squabble (such as may usually be found at the root of these quarrels) led to a prolonged and bitter struggle, fortunately accompanied by little bloodshed. Entrenching his forces around Fort Pease, the beleaguered garrison at last found themselves face to face with an even more redoubtable enemy than Sitting Bull-they were .in peril of starvation. At great risk they managed to send a message for relief. When Sitting Bull heard that the troops were on the way he gave a promise that if, as he imagined, the soldires were only coming to take away the white men, not a gun should be fired, and the besieged men should be suffered to depart in peace. That promise was honourably kept, but as soon as the evacuation was complete the great chief burned the fort to the ground. War was declared, how ever, against Sitting Bull, and the rash attack on him by General Custer (who lost his life and his whole command) at the battle of Little Big Horn (25thiJnne, 1876), is matter of history. Of Sitting Bull's conduct during the fight there are conflicting accounts; but immediately after it he broke up his village and fled to the mountains. After doingall he could to keep his country, he was forced to give it up, and to seek refuge under the British flag. Once in Canada, Sitting Bull and his people longed to return to the States. What has happened since is matter of such recent history that it is unnecessary to recall it here. Sitting Bull's method of dealing with his male captives was as follows :-The wretched victim was tied to a tree or down on the ground. His tongue was then torn out, and his sinews out from arm and leg, and bound round his feet, and, while he still breathed, a fire was kindled on his stomach. After the re bellion some enterprising impressario started a sort of circus show with Sit ting Bull as the central figure, and such was the execration in which he was held that at the first performance the chief was shot at. No wonder that in warfare with Red Indians, the white horseman reserves the last chamber in his revolver for himself. In personal appearance (says a writer who knows him well) Sitting Bull is about 5ift. 8in. tall, and his weight is 18O01bs. A shot in the hip some years ago has somewhatashortened his left leg, and causes him to walk with a limp. He is fifty-six years old, and of a sulky dis position. When talking, it is his habit to squat down on his heels-whence his name. - His neck is short and thick, his head slarge, his face full, and his forehead high. His eyes are deep-set, and he does not care to look a stranger in the face, save when he is sangry, when he glares with eyes that burn like hot coal. He is a burly and remarkable Indian, whom many consider a great man. 