PRESENTATION;—We understand that Father Jorgfense'n is not to bo allowed to' leave Adelaide Without some mark of 'appreciation from his numerous friends. To-night, in the school-iobm at Broiftpten, he will be made the recipient of a presentation from the H.AC.B. Society and other bodies. Father Jorgensen ' is at present in Adelaide, and returns to Yorketown on Saturday Imbrning. The popularity'of the rev. gentleman will ensure a large attendance at the valedictory pro ceedings at Brompton. A Warning to Dilatory Sub scribers.—We note the following case for the information of that numerous class who are in the habit of receiving newspapers for months, and' even years, without haying the honesty to pay for them. To be mulcted into charges to the amount of £3 5s., and to be ordered fourteen days' imprisonment for con tempt of eourt besides, should show that payment of subscriptions to newspapers cannot be evaded any. more than otber Just 'debts. The followibg is a report of the phae Scandrett and Elliot v. W. C. Holinfes. Claim £3 t>6., sub Scriptihn due fbr thb Kapunda •' H&rald; arid costs.Defendaht did hot appear. Mr. Sdahdiett Said dfefendenthad been tahfhg ' the Kapilndq Hetald for 'a long tipreitWsubsCriptiwi duebeing £2149., with' costi. Defendant' was a relieving '' StatitihWaBthr "tinder the 1 Government, ahd^waS id reieipt of a salary bf £170 a''year'ahdtra%ellihg;ekpenSes. It1 was thbnstrbtis for a Civil servant to hBoW his heW^paper account to ran tip to isalsfa ■i"hbi aihoiint, apd he aslted' fbr! a verdict for the full am6irot, and that ; Hofthee Should be 'Cbmfhitted 'for Cbh-1 Ibihpt bjF cciufo Ofd^r'ihade forfohti' teeh'dajs' imprisoftiirient." 'Hatewnaur Sdcrttr-d- Ti» 'DiWricI 'BOard Hall on Thursday n*xf,ai 10.3ba.tn. Several of, the countrr bVanches "are eendingdelegates, some for the firot Adjphgst^the many matters to be considered will 'be the question of inaugurating a Hall Fund, as the result or a ihotion earned in oneof thecity branches recently. The anniversary social ^will be held in the Town Hafi. Mm. T. .Hdwtey, "$bo died , at Canowie last weak, was a very old colonist, and formerly resided., at Hill River. She rearedea large family of fconsanddaughters, whoare mostly settled in the Norths engaged in farming anid 'other pursuits, and 'h'roall well-knqwn and respected. /One of the sons, Mr. A. 'HOwlOy, is post and telegraph m«fefer at POrt Lincoln^ and J!88 ■ jiiW> the Telegraph Department al the, Northern Territory, and has givm his name toHowley Creek. Two of Mrs. Howiey's danghters are nuns lb the Order of the Sisters of St. Joseph. Besides her own family the old lady leaves a large circle of sorrowing friends. St. Patrick's Litrrabt Bocistx.—• A social in honor of the twelfth anniversary of this Sbciety was held in Patrick b Schoolroom ou Tuesdfiy last. There was a host of members and friends present, who partook heartily of the ■ good things provided. The Rev. P. Hurley carried out the onerous duties of Chairman, and at his table could be noticed the Revs. F. O'Neill ahd Cdlyer. The following toasts were honOred withenthusiasm:— Proposer, P. p. O'Dea, "The Patron Mid Presidenthesponder, Rev. P. /Hurley (President), who also excused the unavoidable absence of His Grace the Arh'hblshbp (Patron). Proposer, R. Hourigan, " The Societyre sponded T. Tormay(Minute Secretary), who also read his annual report. Pro poser, F. B. Keogb, "The Officers;" respondCr, M. J; MorrisSey (Corres ponding Secretary). Proposer, H. P. Doughty, "Kindred Societies;" re sponded Rev. F. O'Neill (President of St. Laurence's Literary Society). Proposer, E. Murphy, "The Visi tors £ responds, G. V. ConneU, H. Davis, and J. G. Healy. The toast " Literature" was proposed by W. ^ J. Benny, and duly honored. Daring the evening D. J. Ahem sang Angel Mine" and " Love one Another," the former being greatly appreciated, bpth songs being tastefully rendered. The ballad, " Norine Maureen," by G. V. Connell, was well received. W. Sullivan was heard to advantage in the song " Drinking," his fine bass voice.producing some very low notes. The Irish bard's melody, " The Meeting of the Waters," was tastefully rendered by W. J. Denny. The elocutionary item of the evening was " The Maniac," recited by M. J Morrissey, and he had to bow an acknowledgment in response to a recall. W. Jacobs accompanied the vocalists, and p'ayed a Selection with his accustomed skill. On the whole a very pleasant evening was spent, the comments of the visitors at the termi nation justifying this opinion. A Stab in the Dark.—Mr. M. McCarthy'8 letter in our last issue under the above heading is reprinted in the Kapunda Herald. together with the follo wing supplemental one —" To the editor of tho Kapunda Herald. Sir As a supplement to the above letter, and for the information of your readers, graph in your issue of the llih^nst. headed ' Pretty Rich,' I hope you will allow me space to state that the sain of £84 wap raised in Kapunda for the Evicted Tenants' Fnnd, being the rksolt of Mr. Coxa meeting, and the only ex pense incurred wks £116s. for rent of hall and advertising meeting; all of which, with the subscribers' names ''and amounts, was duly acknowledged in The Southern Gross of the 22nd May and 5th Jane'resgefctitdy. Also, that a draft for /the hindseine sum of £600 has been forwafdhd hbaie frohi Adelaide to Dublin by the hen. secretary, Mr. P. WhSlah, for the" rkHef of the cWfeted tenants—all raised in Sbnth Atikftalia through the' exeition Of Mr. COx'and his sympathisers. I do 'hot wiyb to cause Controversy or shy ilbfeeling amohg this pckceful community, bht I Oanbot tear to see honorable gehtletaen hid^nOd"by sniffi 'at traducer jis3 the anonymous writer to the ^Ub%k~Free htoh.^1 aih,'te■«;/MbG&mr.; Kapnrida.Ahgiikt 17,1891." to/tbelact ■that tbiHSBan tm» ffaoMttiM 'Iwi proi- ( hhtionwsAttbeiNbrtfcAdfdaidePriv'ate, ^dttittL Y^^ laaf^ ai^ tttoNwd' Hfofl •trained on ttib hillbWihjj; (tettbs,; atod£3Q ppr ^nam Jqr tlft Bret, J jAcqd4 »nd' third ybare respectively. i Si^iftG-fcifo^Wd 4tb jrVrifiMVed it.-■ IVJ*. vi»_L . '^W^tete that th'e fq^^iilj|.'J'C^y6iiiC .., ifldrpn,*.,dre {..'Id":tthe/! 'Government/ ^iv^uwgn, Magtu,wanipg: :'$o. ; ^ boarded out, viz. :—-One family of_ four,, ope family of 'three, aod one family oft ■two; also, flf .boy of^yearsend onbl of 3years. It is desired to place thede f "%e ob^i^Vf j trust that s^pK&tfois;'WUl be forth* \- coming. ...... Temperanc* News.—The general meeting of the St. Ignatius' Branch df the Guild of St. John the Baptist/Total Abstinence Society was held .^/their^ meeting hall on Monday eveh}ug». Theiier; was a very large attendance, and the, President (Mr. M. Ryan) pjreBided.'j Bongs, recitations etc., were given by. Miss Lyncb, and Messrs. IV Chipper, T. Ryan, O'Brien, ,F. 8helly,T. Neville, «nd H. Cfonin. The Hon., Secrataiy, (lb. H. Oromn^ gave .his nsual report 4nd!Aprpmfceq /the javeniles. a, social *ufBho£tly. Mr. F. Shelly thanked the membels of the committee for the way ; Jn which Ihey had worked in makibg «he social a succeBB. Daring .^the . ,■ evening, Miss A. Cleary and Miss •Onlleny jgave selections on the piano. IPaOCEEDS ftP'THE -OAKE: FaIB.-j—At a meeting of - those connected with the \- CakeFair refctentlyheldin Stj-Francis Xavier's Hall ifi aid of the Queen of J AhgeleTf Mission and ?Gaild Fbfids, the following' ramOhnts were handed oyer, viz.—Mesdames Shannon, Nfeylor, Galvin, Luddy, Ellard, j and Soanlon, £183 17s. 9d.; Mrs. D. O'Mahony, : £101 15s. J6d.j theOhildren of Mary, £46.14s.; Mesdames Geach add Conole, £40 15s. The . door takings, aftir • r paying all expenses, Were £3 8s. Total,. £829 10s. 3d. Father Healy expressed his sincere thanks to the stall-holders ■ mid to,1 fell who co-operated in making" the Fair a success. The most extensive purchases .at the Fair were made hy> • Mre. Dr. Hamilton; Mrs. Dr. O'Connell, . Add Mr. J. J. Leahy. American Generals.—The " three great' captains" of the victorious : 1 Federal 'army now sleep their last-in honored gravds, and -Nbrth and South ' "bnite in respect for their memory. ; ' Two of them—Sheridan and Sheridan \- —it Will be Weil for certain people to recollect when they feel like Aspersing!, Catholic American patriotism,' were buried in the consecrated soil of the ' "Gatholic Church, add one of them leaves a son, Father Sheridan, who is ' 'said to be ode' of the tdbst eloquent ' Jesuits in the Order. One of Gederal ' ' Giadt^s Sons Is also a Catholic prieBt. t ( ^ Political Music-box. — An t amusing case came on at Bloomsbary ' . County Court'recently. The plaintiff, . a musical instrument-inaker,' Sued. | a gentleman named Wills for £31 IDs., , the price of an orchestral music-box. Counsel for plaintiff said the instrument,., purchased in February,'wm Warranted L to pTay certain tunes, including, u What " sh'ould Wedo without P am ell? " Wait till we catch M'Carthy "—(laughter)— " Why we hanged Tim HCaly "—(shouts of laughter)—and "Salisbury ia the ( saviour of old Ireland." Counsel said the defendant was a staunch Tory democrat', and wanted , the orchestra . specially for an anti-Libeial demod . etration. He was particularly anxious to' have the Jatft tune, because the t " Women s 'Parnell Defence Associ ation of Bristol so much liked it.' 4, (Langhter.) The defence was ihat | the oirchjBstron When arrived turned out to,, he astate McCarthy ite ib strument that stubbornly refused to Plaintiff, however, alleged that it whs because defendant did not know bow to' manage the -concern. He would bring evidence to,. Bfiow the orchestroA's. j excellebt qddlitiis. Aft4r iome farther proceedings the case was struck out.; nlS' Tr^- 'ww* : On July. 15»: .^Ajzburg, Mczarl the%elebra birthplace,-begafi thb'icele bration of _ centenary of, hi.-, death by . a Beqqie , Mass in the C^theldKai, At Whifeti * iAlibbiflbdp - df- Salzburg officiate assisted by all the clergy of the tow and attended by the Archduke Char) Louis, ifae Coyernor, the Burgomasu i,.. aud other ipcal authorities, ,the office LPl the garruon, udji jiBany ^tists . Ai * distance., The musib bfMp^C* pi* The ,,1hcrti8o, in?£(*etreia4g decorated; And thestatue , oa ___, Mosprtpta(z vvas ydveftd.wiib wiroathfl,', one.beingof ATpihe jroises, hrqught bjy' m&Wilfflf.; m immm Ts RfcMai&U8; iN&TBUCnPff; Rfcqtrtiist)';? —" Tapley" tells the following g6bd atory in the Melbourne A3bocate:—I ^are rty iyou remember the Btory that was current. epme. yean ;pgQ. concern tag two members of Parliament. '^pre; yeas, a debase on the question of religion, wiag fafi&t; id ihp iitate school. .' One,, mhthbef had ttfiea ^ b'elbqtibnce in defence: kjfkdligibtls edudatroft. Sis friend caine jovcr phdf said-^-" Now, came, Jack, my dear fellow,; thia.is>puttiag on too much side. ; The idea of .you jgipiug a lecture on ^igipn/is" top : rich. $Kltyf I'll . bet a • sovereign .you' can't repeat; the Lord's, 'frayed OoWectly.'' "Doiiel "Said the ohaHehJftjd'MiP. And the: bet!as Idafle. " Well,; fire atray!"; said the challenger. The challenged one'fired—'* I'beliBve in Gfodi, thePather Almighty, maker of heayen and garth, ?and—i" That will: yon you once telling this story to a friend 'of mihe. SeJwhh a Scotchman. "Up -listened, and, to rpyr dismay, his countenanoe did ndt rejar a muscle. I waited, in soihe embarrassment. Surely it was worth a laugh. At length,' the ghost of a Smile stole over my friend's face, as he said— Why, neither of them knew the Lord's Prayer " " No," Baid I. And then he add fed—" Why, he was repeating one of the {Opmmandments." I could npt control myself,at this thirdiinstance. "Surely," soldi, between my hurst of laughter,' " Surely there is need of some little religious instruction somewhere;" 