THEI REF. CHARLES CLARK , This talented lecturer made his farewell appearance in Launceston at the Mechanics' Institute last evening, when he recited Dickens' charming story, "The Christmas Carol." The recital from first to last proved a genuine treat to all present capable of appreciating the many beautiful touches of light and shade contained in the narrative, and the masterly delineation of the author's lines by the lecturer, whose interpretation of the writings of, Charles Dickens constitutes undoubtedly a labour of love to himself and a revelation to his hearers. Mr Clark last evening hold the attention of the audience witrhout a single break for the space of an hour and three-quarters whilst he unfolded one by one the various incidents comprised in the story. The many characters introduced were port rayed with the skill of the finished artist, each incidental personage, from the miserly Scrooge to the incredulous youth who places his finger to his nose and ejaculates "Walker" when requested by the repentant old sinner to purchase for him the prize turkey, being graphically pre sented in due succession for the time living, and exhibiting their peculiar traits, before the mind's eye of those present. The hard-hearted, grasping Scrooge was pre sented in strong contrast to his jovial nephew, and to his drudge, the honest, lovable little Bob Crachit. The dialogue between the old miser and the ghost of his former partner, Jacob Marley, was excel lently treated, whilst Old Fezziwigs ball, Crachit's Christmas dinner, and the party at the nephew's were each depicted in a manner that thoroughly enlisted the sympathies of the audience, and compelled them in fancyto participate in the festivities which Dickens has de selibed with such a master hand. Poor Tiny Tim, with his, quaint old-fashioned sayings, was brought vividly before the imagination, and Bob Cratchit's 'grief found an echo in the hearts of all assembled when he mourned the loss of his afflicted darling. The recital concluded amidst the most enthusiastic applause, and the Rev.3Ir Clark deserves the hearty thanks of those who have had the pleasure of attending his recent course of lectures for the treat he has afforded them, and upon their behalf we wish him the best of, health and all happiness in the future. The Rev. Mr Clark lectures at Formhby on Monday, and at Latrobe on Tuesday. The business arrangements in connection with the tour are under the efficient management of the popular Mr Carlyle Smythe, acting on bobehalf of his father, the well-known Mr R. S. Smythe, 