A JELLY-FISH ' CHBISTIANITT.' BX'BISHOP EliE. ' A great danger which strikes me in- this day is the increasing dislike of all ' positive and distinct statements of doctrine. This dislike ie a fact, I ain bold to say, which wants realising and recognising. It does 'not receive the attention it deserves. Whether we like; to hear it or not, I declare my 'conviction that it is' a sorel -disease in the land, which is eating like a canker into the vitals , of .; religion; It is a pestilence walking into ( darkness, which threatens to infect , a large proportion of the rising generation. The evidences of this dislike of positive doctrine are so abundant that the only difiSculty lies in selection. Unless we are men who having eyes see not and haying ears hear not, we may see them on . every side. I might ask any intelligent man, for example, to mark the vague tone of many' English newspapers when they touch religious subjects. He ;Will_ find, that while they are generally willing'tp praise Christian morality they top often ignore Christian doctrine. I might ask him to ; observe the bitterness ;With which some unhappy School Boards speak of what they i are pleased to call theology,' and how ready they are to shovel it all aside under the vague name I might ask him to pinalyse the most popular fictions and Aovels; of the last forty years, which profess to paint Christians, and to notice how the portrait almost invariably avoids everything like doctrine, and exhibits the model Christian like a cut flower at a flower show, a mere bloom without ropt. , I might ask him to look at the anxiety which liberal speakers are constantly showing, in addressing popular audiences, to sweep away all " de nominational Christianity," and to throw aside creeds and confessions as old worn- out clothes which only fetter' the limbs of modern Englishmen." In each of these cases let him note one common symptom s that isj a morbid, unreasoning desire to have the fruits of Christianity without the roots, to 'have Christian morality without- Christian doctrine. And then let him deny; it -he can, that a dislike of doctrine is a widespread evil of bur'times. I will then ask ahy intelligent man to examine the opinions commonly expressed in the talk of private life. -You, have only got to bring up the subject of (religion in society, and you will get further proofs still. In five houses out of six where people have anything like real religion, you will find that they make a regular idol of ."earnestness." They do hot pretend to know anything about con troversies and disputed questions, or to have any opinion as to who is mght and who is wrong. They only know that they admire " earnestness ; " and they, cannot- think that " earnest," - hard-working men can be unsound in the faith. Tell them that any " earnest " clergyman whom they name does not preach the Gospel, and they are downright , offended. Im possible! Whatever doctrines an" earnest" man holds and teaches, they think it narrow and uncharitable and illiberal in you to distrust him. In vain yon remind theni that zeal; and laboriousness are useless if a minister does not teach God's truth ; and that Pharisees and Jesuits had zeal enough to "compass sea and land.'' They know nothing about that: they do hot profess to argue. All that they know is that work is work ; and that an earnest man must be a good man, and cannot be in the wrong, whatever he teaches. And what does it all come to ? They dislike "doctrine," and will- not make up their minds as to what is truth. The consequences of this widespread dis like of poritive and distinct doctrine are very serious in the present day. Whether we like to allow it or not, it is an epidemic which is just now doing great harm, and especially among young people. It creates, fosters and keeps up an immense amount of instability in religion. It produces what I must' venture to call, if I may coin the phrase, a "jelly-fish " Chrjstianity in the land : that is, a Christianity without bone, or muscle, or power. , A jelly-fish, as everyone knows who has been much by the seaside, is a pretty and graceful object when it floats' in '.the sea, contracting and expanding like ! a little delicate transparent umbrella; Yet jthe same jelly-fish, when cast on the ishoire;' is a mere helpless lump, without capacity for movement, self-defenCe, or self- preservation. Alas ! it is a vivid type of much of the religion of this day, of which the leading prihciple is — " No dogma, no distinct tenets, no positive doctrine." We have hundreds of jelly-fish clergymen, who seem, not to 'have a single bone in their body; of divinity. They have no definite opinions; they belong to no school or party; they are so afraid of "extreme views " that they have no views at all. We have thousands of jelly-fish sermons preached every year — sermons without an edge, or a point, or a corner, smooth' as' billiard balls, awakening no sibner, and edifying no saint. We have leeiohs of jelly-fish young men annually turned out from our Universities, armed with a few scraps of second-hand philosophy, who think it a mark of cleverness and intellect to have no decided -opinions about any thing in religion, and' to be utterly unable to make up their minds as to what is Christian truth. They live apparently in a state of suspense, like Mohammed's fabled coffin, hanging between "heaven and 'earth. Their high souls are not satis fied with arguments which satisfied Butler and Paley and' Chalmers and M'llyaine and Whately .'and Whewell and Moz- Ihy. Their only creed is a' kind of " Nihilism." ' They are sure ' and posi tive about nothing. And last, and worst of all j we have myriads of jelly-fish worshippers — respectable church-going people— who. have no distinct and definite views 'about any point in' theology. They cannot discern things ' that differ any more than colour-blind people can dis- tinguish colours. They think everybody is right and nobody wrong, everything is true and nothing-is false, all sermons are good and none bad, 'every clergyman- is sound and no ' clergyman unsound. They are " tossed to and fro like children by every wind of doctrine often carried a,way by any new excitement and sensa tional movement ; ever ready for new things,, because they have no firm- grasp on the old; and utterly unable to " render a -reason of the hope that is ' in - them.';'-' All this and' ' much' more, of which I - cannot now speak particularly,' is the result of the un happy dread of " dogma " and " doctrine " which has been so strongly developed, and has laid such hold on many Church-' men in these latter days. Let me once more express my earnest 'hope that all honest, true-hearted Churchmen will walk in the stepH of their forefathers,' and stick to the 'bid weapons w-hich 'they 'wielded so well' i and successfully. Let 'no scorn of the world, let no ridicule of smart writers, let no 'Sneers "of < liberal" critics, -let no secret desire -to 'please and conciliate the public; 'tempt -lis fbrcOhe mbmient'to' leate' the old paths, and drop the old practice of enunciating, dogma — clear, distiqct, well- defined doctrine — in all our utterances ' and teachings. Let us .beware of. being vague and foggy and hazy in. Qur;State- . ments. Let us be specially particular " about such points as original , sin, the in spiration' and authority of. .Scripture, the finished work ..of Christ, the. complete atonement made by U.is death, thie priestly office which he exercises at i the right- hand of God, the inward work of the Holy Ghost pn .hearts, the., absolute necessity of repentance and. conver sion, the resurrection of our bodies, the coming judgment of . quick and.' dead, - the - reality and eternity .of future ; punishments. .On. all. these . points let our testimony be, not Yea jind Nay, but Yea and Amen.; and let the -tone of our witness be, plain, ringing, and unmis- takeable. "If the trumpet, give an un- certain sound, who shall prepare hi'mself to the battle ?" (1 Cpr. xiv. 8.) If we . handle such subjects in a timid, faltering, half hearted way, as if. we were- handling hot iron, and had not made up o.ur minds "what is truth," it is vain to expect- people who hear us tp believuanything at all. It is distinct doctrine, in i.the apos-i tolic ages which, emptied 'the.; heathen temples and shook Greece and Bhme. It- was distinct doctrine, which ; awoke Christendom from its slumbers ..at, the time of the Eeformation, and spoiled the Pope of bnebhird ofhis subjects. It was distinct doctrine which, one . hundred years ago, revived the Church of England in the days of Whitefield, Wesley, "Venn, and Eomaine, and blew up - our dying Christianity into a burning flame; i It is distinct doctrine at this moment .which reaches the lapsed masses, and gives power to every successsul mission, whether at home or abroad. It is doc trine- — doctrine, clear, ringing doctrine — which, like the ram's horns at Jericho, casts down the opposition of the devil and sin Let us beware of a vague, bone less theology. »iLet us rgo oin clingingi to doctrine,' whatever 'sOme . may .please to", say ; and we shaU do ' well for ' ourselves,, well for others; well for the' Church ;of; England, and' w:ell for' 'Christ's bause' in' tbeworldi'" i ;--i o;'; c xc-X X .c u r .n- , i , 