w mm mm: SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1891. LOCAL NfiJWS. JUVENILE ENTERTAINMENT-An advertisement in another column announces that the juvenile en I tertaintnent in aid of the St Paul's Sun lay School ?which was recently given with so mueh nUeeeo=is to be repected by íequeat in tbe School of Arts, West Maitland, on luesday evening next The pro- gramme includes ' Snow White Songs, and aance of ye 20 maidens Admission is to be gamed by payment of silvei coin LAW EXAMINATIONS-The following candidates (says the Eelo) have pi sfd the intci mediate and final Law Lu initions the names being an anged in alphabet» al order -1 Ucnriediate Lxamination -Messrs C P G Baldon W J Bruton D P Clavene, C L J Dohtrty, M J Dully, F O ebsworth J T Goolinir W 1 Hives, E L Houston, A MI obb<*n, ii W Lovett, H Lo ven stein, P Lyon, A J M Lachlan, H T M'kay H W D Nardin R Old V W G Read, W Sands J P Smith K L St «et D H L Woods, aud S Mc Von Arnhcim Tin.il Examination -Mes=rs C L Austin E G M Cohen P S Dawson, L fe Plett, Ii C Frrd, O D Inji-, V Mitchell, A M Ewlly R A Shorter, W L thompson, and J V lillett SHEARING IN HIE WAG JA DISTRICT -A telegiam from Wagga on lhuiadiy saj s -Ihe district secretary ot the Pastor Uists'Union, Mr Mitchell atat03 that tho roll was called at Mr Andiow Leitch's Berry Jeiry stat on on luesday when over the number of men re juited were present Sheai mg commenced on Wednesday morning with r'>Q of Wolseley's machines Pomingalarna, also full handed, staits on the 1st S ptembf-r Both theo« sheds shear under the ne y agreement Over 30 other stations in the district commence next month all adopting the new agieement Shearers aie plentiful -¿c/io AN INSANI MUI DLRER -Melbourne, W edueo day Intelligence has been received from Stratford that a farmer named Joceph Preitog, residing about two miles oufsidc Stratford, was murdered to day by his nephew, John Ross, to whom he had given a home Ross bached his victim about the neck wita a knife Treitog b wife went to her husband s as sistance when Ross stabbed her in the face and arm Her injuries are of such a serious nature that she is not expected to recover The murderer attempted to get m^o the children's room but waa baulked in his efforts Ho buued the murdered man in the garden Loss was arrested He s ated that he had to do it "-Later Ficitog was a highly respectpd gra-sier, and John Ross was in his employ Mis I reitog in attempting to save her husband, was frightfully stabbed in two or three places on the neck and arms the weapon being a butcher s knife The muiderer, who is of unsound mind, buried his victim in the garden, where he was digging at the time Constable Walsh arrested Ross, who pointed out the spot, and, with the assis tance of Mr Kelly, J P, and Dr Matthew» unearthed Hie body, which presented a sickening appearance, the hoad being nearly severod from tba body In answei to questions, Ross simply said I had to do it ' Hopes are entertained of Mr3 Preitog's recovery -Herald s Message A MAN EATb His OWN FLUSH -fin do siècle va everything Paris has discovered (writes the Paris Correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph) that Bhe is the proud possessor of the very latest thing ia cannibals-a man who eats his own flesh A policeman on duty in the Boulevards a day or two a?o was astonished to see an itinerant vendoi of S:>me commodity or othoi deliberately and without apparent suffering cut off a long strip of the muscular part of his left arm with a pan ot scissors Tais eccentuc individual, who is only 20" years of ago and goeB by the name of ' Leon," was taken to the police station, where it was discovered that he liad ia a similar manner removed large slices of flesh from bib thighs and calves So far as could be gleaned fiom the pooi fellow's incoherent talk he Las for six months past been under the influen e of a mad desire to eat the body of a girl He re lated how on many occasions he had followed little children with an open knife concealed in his hand ready to cut off and devoui a poition of their flesh and how he had just and only just self control enough to pievent him from carrying out his desire HIB mp ma however remained, and in order to satisfy it he had recourse to his own limbs whi"h are mutilated shockingly lins extra ordinary case of mental aberration is being studied carefully by the medical authorities at the Sainte Anne Hospital BBIDOE OVER MULBRING CRrrK -The following letter is printed at the request of Mr Scobie MP -'Public Works Depaitment Sydney, 21st August, 1891 Sir,-With reference to your letter of the 7th April last, and to your personal ropre aentations on the oulject of the necessity for the erection of a budge over Mulbring Creek, at Buchanan, I ara directed by the Secretary foi Public Works to inform you that the question ot making provision for the purpose on the next Estimates will be considered when all similat applications from other distucts are before the Department -I have, etc, J BARLING, Under Secretary Robert Scobie Esq , M P " CROOK, FORBES, AND LYLE DRAMATIC CO - Theatre goers will doubtless be glad to learn that the above company, which left an excellent im pression of its merits in a short season here some months back, will open in the Town Hall on Thais day evening next m Trank Hanky's comedy di ama " A Bing of Iron ' On three succeeding nights popular comedies will be staged, and scenery and properties ef the most complete chaiacter are promised Since appearing m Maitland the coin pany has appeared tor seven consecutive weeks in Brisbane, where it was patronised by the vice regal party, and it gained flattering notices everywhere There are eighteen artistes in the combination in eluding Mitses Carne Geoige and Adelaide Tu h xatn, and Messrs Wilson, Forbes, narrj Marshall i. Willis and Fiank Hawthorne GUNNEDAH STOCK Mew MENTS - Passings - Aug 20 1 200 store sheep Basin Plain to Bog gabn 24, 200 fat bullocks Noorindoo to Fleming ton, 7000 store sheep Coomburrah to Walcha , 35 1,200 store cattle, Goondiwindi to Muswellbrook, 26, 300 store cattle, Goondiwindi to auction, Gun nedah , Bacon and Co, agenti Ti lickings Aug 21 900 fat sheep Bando to Flemington, Bacon and Co, agents , 302 fat sheep, Bando to Maitland Bacon and Co , agents , 175 fat sheep Carrol) to Flemington, 26 fat bullocks C irroll to Flemington IO fat bullocks Carroll to Maitland 25 900 fat sheep, Pullaming to Flemington, 303 fat sheep Bando to Maitland, Bacon and Co agents , 900 fat sheep, Bando to Flemingtin, Bacon and Co, agents Gunnedah Ajg 27th 1801 GOOD VALUE -Attention is directed to a very laige assortment ot first class cutlery, shown m J Hart s windon Hi0h stieet West Maitland of special value bought by oui London buverí A fa I sample now on view at lowest wholesale price» Or 'ers per post specially solicited -Advt BAND OP MERCY PRUE ESSAYS -Mr T D Miller Hon Secretary to the Band of Mercy, has sent us a copy of the cncular he haB issued to Superintendents of Sunday eehools The circular mentions that Messis Edwiud Blair and W 1 Poulton have offered pu7Ps for essays written by members of the society who are not over the age of fourteen years Hie subi et selected for tup boys' esBay is " 1 he Horse and how to treat lum, and, for the girls' What a "irl can do to mal o others happy " The essays are to be written in f lolscap on one dide of the papor only, and lca^ ing an inch margin on the left hand side of each page And they are to be sent to Mi Miller not later than Octobei 1, ensuing Miss Clara Wolfe Miss Emma Blair, and Miss E J. Holt, will judge the girls' essays and Mi Hindei Mr Pincombi and Mr W L Ross the boys We heartily approve this movement and hope an active competition will be the result Whether the chance of seeing themselves m print will or will not constitute an enhancement of the puyes we do not know, but we shall be glad to print both the winning oBsays in Mercury junior. RECREATION GROUND FOR PLATTSBURG.-Messrs. Walker and Melville, Ms.L.A., and other gentlemen waited upon the Minister of Lands this Thursday I afternoon, with a request that he would set apart an area of 19 acres of land at Plattsburg as a recreation reserve. The laud, it waB said, could be purchased for ¿29 10s per acre, and vaa very suit- able for the purpose. Mr. Brunker said he would give the matter his considération. j SEND your wool to WINCHCOHBE CARSON, & Co., J whose success as selling brokers has been pheno- j jnonal 27391 A COACH ACCIBENT.-On the way home from the Albion Park Race Meeting yesterday (says Thurs- day's Echo) a number of the Metropolitan contin- gent filled a two-horse coach. When they were about a mile from the station, in trying to avoid another coach, an accident happened. The Sydney sportsmen were thrown over an embankment, with the coach on top of them. None of them were seriously injured ; but Messrs. T. Ivory, Anthony, W Brennan, James Swan, II Rowe, H Moran, M Dunhey, and J Hunter had a narrow escape Mr G Cochrane received a severe shaking DEPARTMENT TREE-PLANTING.-On Wednes- day operations in tree-planting were commenced at the State Nursery, Wyong, under the superintend- ence of Mr John McCoig, of the Gosford State Nursery. The first day's planting amounted to some 2000 being young cedar trees, and although the six or eight men were more or less strange to the work it progressed satisfactorily 5000 cedars are to be planted out, 1000 catalpa trees, 2000 pines, 1000 oak trees, and also elms, poplars, &c.; Mr. J. E. Brown, the Director-General of Forests, left Sydney yesterday for Wyong to there superintend the planting operations in the 30-acre reserve which has been set apart and prepared for tree- planting of an experimental nature. A large stall of men will be engaged during the next fortnight in setting some 25,000 seedlings including numerous red cedars and specimens of exotics especially in- troduced for this purpose.-Herald. RECREATION REBEBVE, MERRIWA.-We print the following letter at the request of Mr. T, Williams, M.L.A. :-Department of Lands, Sydney,26th Aug., 1891\. Sir,-I have the honor to acknowledge re- ceipt of your application for a sum of money to cover the cost of improvement of the Recreation Reserve, Merriwa, and beg to inform you that it has been duly noted for consideration by the Secretary for Lands, when dealing with the distri- bution of the vote of Parliament for 1892.-I have, etc., VICTOR COHEN, acting for the Under Secretary. T. Williams, Esq., M.P., Legislative Assembly. PADEREWSKI.-Now that we have the news by cable that this "minent pianist is about to visit our shores, it will be interesting to the Maitland people to read the following : " At the Polish Theatre, oj Lemberg, I have become acquainted with your grand piano, ¡the quality of which is perfectly excellent, and I am glad of the opportunity of congratulating you (Herrn L. Neufeld), the maker of such excellent pianos." The above was received from Herrn L. Neufuld, by J. Hart, West Maitland, who has the sole right for the Northern district, for the sale of these instruments. Buyers will find in his show rooms one of the largest assortments to be seen anywhere in the colony, at wholesale prices. -Advl. THE GASLIGHT HANDICAP.-The fifth Gaslight Handicap promoted by Mr. M. J. Moroney in West Maitland was run through on Wednesday evening in the presence of a large number of sportsmen, many of whom had come fiom Newcastle. The tracks were in splendid order, the peds were on their best behaviour, the management was excellent, and Frank Brown fired the gun faultlessly. Betting on all the heats was brisk, and there were a great maay close finishes. The final resulted thus : G. Newton, 19J yards, 1 j L. Williams, 19 yards, 2 ; H. York, 21] yards, 3 ; M. J. Flannery, 18$ yards, ?I. The race resulted in a regular turn up for the books, as G to 4 was laid freely on York, whilst 4 to 1 could be had about Newton, who hails from Newcastle, as also does Williams, who was only beaten by a foot, with the other two at his elbow. The sixth handicap will tate place on Wednesday evening next, and nominations are due to-night with Mr. G. Winchester. DEAF FORTY YEARS -The description of a simple remedy, by which a complete cure of deaf- ness and noises in the head of FORTY TEARS* STANDING has just been effected, will be sent FREE t anyone who applies to J H. NICHOLSON, 175, William street, Melbourne. G66 Sr MART'S CHURCH -The subjents of sermons to be delivered by the incumbent of St Mary's Church to-morrow (Sunday) are announced in our adver- tising columns At the morning service will be given " The abiding Presence," and in the evon mg "The Recognition of Friends in Heaven" There will be special hymns and music C VTTLE INBPECMON IN AMFRICA -Every beef animal that leaves the United States has its ear pierced A fine wire passes thiough the hole, and attached to the wire is a tiny biass tag, not nearly as large as some of the ear pendants ladies used to wear Upon the tag is a nuinbei and the letters "USA" This shows that the animal has been ex- amined by the United States Government in- spectora, and is perfectly sound and healthy PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT-On Thursday, the Legislative Council furthered some small bills, and the Crown Lands Act Amendment bill was read a tared time In the Assembly, the general busi- ness was unimportant, the expected crisis did not come off, and the Electoral Bill was considered in committee as far as section 46 But all debateable sections were postponed. REDUCED RAILWAY RATFS -On the 1st of August the Railway authorities very kindly reduced the freight on parcels to such an extpnt, that it costE next to nothing to send Boots, Drapery, etc , etc , to our Country Friends and Customers Now, HORDERN'S, IN PITT STREET, want you to take full advantage of this, and therefore expect a nice little lot of orders for Spring Qoods early in August -Ladies' and Childien's Boots, Clothing, etc , etc We aro, moreover, so willing to please our cus tomers, and to fall in with the liberal spirit shown by the railway people, that we will send anything, large or small-from a paper ot Pins to a House- keeper's Outfit-riiEr OF COST to any railway station m New South Wales, thus endeavouring to meet our customers' convenience in every way Our prices, as you know, are mobt reasonable As we sell for ready money, kindly enclose with your letters P O Orders, stamps, cheques, or noteB Every care in packing, etc , taken with csuntry orders at HORDFRN BROTHERS, 20S to 211 Pitt street Mind and put Pitt-street, Sydney, when writing to us 5662 WESLETAN CHURCH, WEST MAITLAND -A meet- ing of the íecently formed Ladies Church Aid As- sociation was held on Wednesday afternoon There was a large attendance The reports of the district visitors and lady canvasseis for the month were íe ceivad, and were considered highly satisfactory O a Wednesday evening the school hall was crowded to the door, when a lantern service illustrative of the life of Christ was conducted by the Rev J E Car- ruthers Scupture scones weio interspersed with appropriate hymns and mottoes, and a profitable evening was spent At the requeit of the audience, the service will be continued, with a new set of scenes, <Lc , on Wednesday evening next RAILWAY PLANT IirroRTrD -Mr Bruce Smith, the Colonial Treasurer, laid upon the table of the Assembly on Wednesday night a return showing the value and quantity of railway plant and material imported by the Railway Commissioners dnung the yeais 1888, 1889 and 1890 Both m weight and cost the principal item has boen the im- portation of rails and fastenings for the safe keeping of the permanent way In 1888 the material im- ported for this purpose weighed 12,461 tons, its value being ¿74,086, m 1889, the figures were 6081 tons, valme ¿36,819, in 1890 the weight of rails and fastenings imported was 19,594 tons, of value amounting to ¿126,913. The other items in the return refer to carriage and waggon fitting, wire, English fire-bricks, machinery amounting to ¿7691; interlocking materials, copper, iron and steel plates bars and rivets, and miscellaneous necessities. The grand totals given in the document aro as follow: -For 1888 the weight of material imported was 12,904 tons, value ¿104,479 ; for 1889, material im- ported 7033 tons, value ¿S0,G21 ; and for 1890, material imported 2.1,163 tons, valued at ¿259,198. MAITLAND HOSPITAL.-We have been asked to state that the annual canvass for subscriptions in behalf of the Maitland Hospital will be made in the course of a few days. In another column will be found, over the signature of the hon. treasurer, a list of Érentiemeti who have been authorised to receive donations on behalf of the institution. WEST MAITLAND POLICE COURT.-HOUR OF SITTING.-Following a practice that has obtained for many years, and found to be very convenient, the business at the West Maitland police court will be taken at ten o'clock in the summer months. During winter the court Bita at hulf-pa3t 10 o'clock. The alteration comes into force on Thursday. It is well that persons interested should note the fact. ' A LARGE EGG.-Mr. John Moylan, of the Car- rington Hotel, is the proud possessor of a hen that put on record something immense in- the way of produce a few days ago. The egg Mr. Moylan has shown us weighs 6oz., measures 7à in. by 8J- in., is well shaped., and altogether is remarkable evidence that the hen that laid it has been strictly attentive to business. She would be invaluable at election times. THE EXTRA SHEETS OF THH "MBBCWRT."- ' The third sheet of this day's paper contains " Advertisements ¡ Pcetry-The Mother's Solace " ; continuation of Tales " Tho St. Clair Inheritance " and " Lucia Ashleigh " ; A Mohammedan at Wor- ship; The Further Adventures of Tommy the Billiard Marker; A Typical Ghost Story; Land Notices ; How he lost her ; Japanese Women.-The second sheet contains-Advertisements ; Sporting Gossip, by the Vaçrant ; Spoiling an Elopement ; Original Correspondence ; Newcastle Races ; Dis- eased Banana Plants ; Editorial Article ; District News-Macdonald River. Chichester, Hinton, Greta, Aberdeen, Goulburn River, Mount Vincent ; Gosforth Public School-Arbor Day; The^Pierce Memorial Nurses' Home Concert ; Mercury Junior ; Later News by Cabin ; Wednesday's Parliament ; Women's Industrial League ; West Maitland Police Court ; Artesian Bores ; Queensland Treasury Bills ; The Farm and Garden ; A Picnic at Horse Creek ; The Course of Labourers and Shearers. " I have analysed the Taeping Mixture and found it a high-class pure tea, which I can recommend." K. T. Staiger, F.I.C., S.O. 6104 DEATH OF MRS. SHINBR.-Yesterday, under the advice of a medical gentleman, Mrs. Shiner, lately residing in Michael Lane, was removed to the Maitland Hospital, of the careful nursing that her condition required as a sufferer from bronchitis and as a victim for an assault for which an aboriginal is now in gaol under committal to the ensuing Quarter Sessions. On her way, the poor woman, who was married, but has no children, expired. . An inquiry will bo held to-day. j MAITLAND PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.-The fifth concert of this society is announced for Wednesday September 2nd. The programme appears in another column. An orchestral concert is a novelty in Maitland, and this fact combined with excellence of the items promised should attract a large audience. Mr. Fletcher of Wallsend who invariably receives an ovatien in Maitland, is to sing. The society has done well in choosing the Town Hall for this occasion, as the orchestra has previously proved almost too powerful for the School of Arts hall. Ur TO TIME.-It is most important to all owners of good watches to know that many watches are ruined in repairing, through the repairer not having a proper assortment of materials made specially for them. J. HART, West Maitland, im- ports all the requisite materials direct from the makers, and thereby avoids all makeshifts. First class work guaranteed ; prices moderate. Repairs , kept in strong room for safekeeping. Work per post receives prompt attention. Registered post from all parts of the colony, 7d. 367 CLEARING-OTJT SALE.-Mr. W. Dimmock will hold an important elearing-out sale this afternoon, at two o'clock, at the residence of Mr. Geo. Moore, jun., Victoria-street. Among the articles to be brought under the hammer are a double-seated hooded buggy, and household furniture, comprising sideboard, horsehair suite, pier glass, etc^jâCom municated. ??? A RICH GOLD FIND IN WEST AUSTRALIA. The Herald has the following telegram:-Perth, Wednesday.-This morning the West Australian publishes a telegram from its Geraldton corres- pondent respecting the news brought in from the i gold finds at Murchison by a solicitor named Duboulay, who visited the field in the interest of a | syndicate owning a Bhare in the protection areas on the Parnell, Home Rule, and Mystery reefs. Mr. Duboulay confirms Inspector Troy's recent report in every particular. He further states that most of the gold is now being got by two men named Macpherson and Peterkin, who have obtained a large quantity of rich specimen gold, filling three bushel sacks and several saddle-bags, valued at not less than ¿62,000. A mile and a-half is pegged OHt on the Home Rule Reef, on which gold is every- where found in greater or lesser quantities. The Parnell reef is apparently not so rich, but it is sup- posed by the prospectors to contain an average of 4oz. Peterkin cracked a bit of stone weighing 251b., yielding 98oz. of gold. In four days he dollied in a small mortar 160oz. of gold. One large stone, which Mr. Duboulay compares in size to his safe, and which belongs to Macpherson, resembled a huge plum pudding, owing to the blots of gold all over it. Another rich reef has been discovered some short distance away. WOLFE, GORRICE, and Co. are sole agents in Maitland for the Taeping Mixture (the best tea out) and Camp Coffee. 6104 THE GUYRA AND GLEN INNES TRAFFIC.-A return was laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday showing the traffic from Guyra and Glen Innes to Inverell and district to the west and vice versa for the five years ended December, 1890. The totals with regard to the Guyra traffic for the years stated are {as follow :-Passengers outwards 15,606, re- venue ¿87199 ; goods inward 6646 tons, revenue ¿621,945 ; goods sent west 3394 tons, revenue ¿614,876 j goods outwards 10,113 tons, revenue ¿2l3,942 ; goods out from west 3699 tons, revenue ¿67457 ; wool outwards 5485 bales, revenue ¿63350. The total revenue for each of the years named was :-1886, ¿618,031 ; 1887, ¿610,283 ; 1888, ¿610,742 ; 1889, ¿816,485 ; 1890, ¿813,228, making a grand total in revenue of ¿668, 769. The figures respecting the Glen Innes traffic for the five years are as follow : Passengers outwards 33,487, revenue ¿833,505 : goods inwards 36,521 tons, revenue ¿6103,116 ; goods sent west 22,011 tons, revenue ¿656,408 ; gooda out- wards 20,045 tons, revenue ¿637,762; goods out from west 14,525 tons, revenue ¿823,623 ; wool out- wards 27,075 bales, revenue ¿816,228. The total revenue for each of the several years is as below : 1886, ¿869,534; 1887, ¿857,632 ; 1888, ¿845,430 ; 1889. ¿847,652; 1890, ¿850,394, making a grand total in revenue of ¿8270,642. SCOTTISH HIGHLAND OIL FOR HUMAN USE. Curing all kinds of wounds, . bruises, blows, or eruption of the skin in all parts of the body. Ap- plied to the hands and face during summer, it will keep away flies, mosquitos, and venomous spiders, &c.; It possesses an agreeable aroma. Cures lumbago, rheumatism, neuralgia, stiff joints, sprains, enlarged glands, swollen legs and feet, chilblains, bunions, warts, and excrescenses. It prevents the conse- quences of exposure in diggers, shepherds, carriers, and such a? encounter damps. 2s Gd, 3s Gd and 5s per bottle. 5330 The best ever tasted. A cup of Camp Coffee is strengthening and invigorating. WOLFE, GORRICK, and Co., Agents for Maitland. C104 MAITLAND TECHNICAL SCHOOL.-On referrnig to our advertising columns, a list of subjects taught at the local Technical School will be seen. Art subjects embrace freehand and model drawing, practical plain geometry, perspective, modelling in clay or wax, architectural drawing, mechanieal drawing. Manual Classes : Carpentry and Joinery, carving, fretwork, turning. Commercial Economy : Mathematics, embracing geometry, algebra, trigo- nometry, technical arithmetic, bookkeeping, short- hand, typewriting. Domestic Economy : Scientific Dresecutting, drafting, cutting, making. We are sorry to note an absence of scientific classes in this otherwise very satisfactory list, and hope to see our young townsmen rectify this by taking up geology and kindred subjects next year. Wa are pleased to observe that our suggestion that a ladies' class be formed for fretwork, carving, etc., for home decora- tion, has been acted upon. THE AUSTRALIAN AGRICULTURAL COMPANY. The Europea«. Mail says:-The report of the Australialian Agricultural Company for the year 1890 shows the following credit balances at the end of the year : Unappropriated capital, ¿6,754 nat revenue earned during the year, ¿79,6G0j amount available for dividend, ¿72,106. Deducting the dividend paid in February last, the amount still available for distribution is ¿36,106, and the pay- ment, tax free, of a second dividend at the same rate-viz., 36s per share-on and after August 1 is recommended. The total sam distributed in dividends for 1890 will thus amount to ¿72,000, or about 16-74 per cent, on ¿430,000 the paid-up capital of the company. To HOUSEKEEPERS.-A new white metal is now employed iu the manufacture of spoons and forks that has taken the place of all others on board the large English Mail Steamers, the advantage gained, being, that they are finished equal to silver, are white throughout and there being nothing to wear off, remain BO, they do not stain or corrode, and are easier to clean than other. J. HART, Jeweller West Maitland, has the sole right and by direct importation from the patentee offers them at the wholesale prices, viz., Table Spoons and Forks 12s. Dessert 10s, Tea Spoons 5s per dozen. These with I our best Double refined steel Dinner and Breakfast I Knives from 9s to 12s per doz. make a table look j equal to the best ia the land.' 30001 SALB OF TWO FARMS, NBAR STROUD.-We would direct the attention of farmers, speculators and others to the sale by McssrB. Creer and Berkeley, at their rooms, Wolfe-street, Newcastle, at three o'clock on Monday afternoon next, of two small farms, respectively 22 acres and 40 acres, situate on the right and left banks of the Karuah river, about 8 miles from Stroud. The land which is at'present occupied is all fenced, with homestead thereon, and is close to the Claravill post office. See advertisement.-Communica ted. DUBBO STOCK RBPORT.-The weather during the week has been fine. The mornings have been frosty, but the days very pleasant. The country around looks very well. In most places, the spring herbage is forward. Stock are looking well. We have heard of foot rot in the low lying ground, and an odd case of pleuro in cattle, but altogether there is little .to grumble at. Shearing is going ahead at many sheds, and the clip will be a good one. It will be remarkably clean and consequently lighter in weight than ordinarily, but what it loses in this way it will more gain in quality. Fat stock are being trucked to Sydney and Melbourne. Local owners who havetried thelatter marketare satisfied. The following are the stock passings :-1400 store bullocks Kilgour owner, Douglas in charge, passed here on Sunday for Albury ; 20 fat bullocks were trucked on Saturday for Homebush, Jackson owner ; 120 fat bullocks were trucked by Wilson, de Lauret and Co., on Monday for Homebush, Kilgour owner, also 40 fat bullocks on Wednesday by the same firm for Homebush, Bame owner; 90 fat bullocks trucked by Wilson, de Lauret and Co., for Homebush, J. D. Hill, owner, 110 fat bullocks trucked by same firm for same owner on Thursday for Melbourne ; 765 fat sheep are to be trucked by Wilson de Lauret and Co. on Friday for Homebush, S. Meers, Collie, owner.-Dispatch. 