WHAT IS IT ? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIME3 ' ? GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL. ?' 'No, I do not believo in ghosts,' said an old lady of great experience, ' but I do be* lieve in the ministration of spirits.' This is not tho ago nor tho country in which tho supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty, if tho laud lord is willing to knock off a portion of tho rent. There are many, however, wlio will : &rlmit; thn AYprtttm ivt. t-.imnn /if a/-mn wanul?..** influence swaying our actions. We are led to ao things we should not do of our own volition — the wisdom of which wo do not appreciate until afterwards ; then we won. dor how we came to do them. We aro forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are looking after. They be lieve in what thoy see; the 'evidence of things not Been ' is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick h-; wants to get well ; he cares little what medical * ' method i3 employed if i* cures. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt ths skill of the physician,; ami inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing ib is sometimes if some influence iuducesinves tigatiou before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmoudson, of Melbourne, writes, 2lat- October, 1890 : — ' During the poat 10 years I have been ailing periodically from a eeriouB nflection of the kidneys,, and h- later years my complaint i became more acute, so that I was frequently siezed wi'thi stabbing KainBin the back. I had o3ten. prolonged eadaches, tho result of liver-disorder. For years I thus sull'eml, aniU I- thought bins disorder of the kidneys and liver would! bring ubnut a more soriousutisuaso;. Finally I tried the effects Af Wunier'a- safe* eure* and not until then did. Ii. oxperience- any amelioration in my condition'.. Che- use oE this medicine speedily- wrougtifc at greats change and four bottles, effected/ utconv)ij«tia- cure. Note what Mr.. Henry Warwick,. oE Londsalo-stroet, Melbrarne;. saiys: t — -' 30thi October, 1890 — For si&iue; years. I. lhuv!* iieeni suffering from frequtnt attaefa; off guaveli, often with unbearable pains; in: thftbrcclfc audi right aide, and my digestive: orgpnai weras also ont of order. Ii- addition. B was afflic ted with congestion of the Uwoc-uncU Qerio'l— ical headaches of a severe nature;. My suffering was quickly removed' wllmn neaurfr ing to Warner's safe cure, o£ wllihUi U to.ilc four bottles, when the acuta: pnihaiiiii llia» right side, caused by the con^istJiiiniofr thej ' liver, ceased, while my kidnejs) wane; re* stored to healthy action.' 