The Wedding Ring. Its History Runs Back to the Begin ning of Recorded Time. _ -- € --~ In Aceient Days It Was UWed as an Em. blem of Betrothal=-The Important Part It Plays in the Macr riege Ceremony of the 'reeent. It is an iucontrovertable fact that every woman feels a certain interest in the subject of wedding rines. And, indeed, it ies natural enough that this ehoold be enso. Tie and syobol beyond aught tise of the most im portent cisis in a womau'e life, the wedding ring most necessarily he fraught with faeoina tion for wile and maid, for old and yeoung aliko. f Everyone knows that rings were worn in old Bible days, though what part they originally played in the nuptial ceremeny is not so clear. ust at any ratI they form an important portion o[ the weddiog service among the modern Jews, the regulations in force among them on this head being very strict. The ring must in every case be ex awined and acrtited by the oltcialing rabbi of the epnagogue , to make euro that it is of the prescribed value, and the simple opera tion of placing it upon the finger is so bind ing that this alone, apart from a-y other portion of the ceremony, ie considered to constitute a legal marriage. In point of fact, however, it is not from the Jews, bst from the lomans that the nations of modern Eorope derive their wedding ring. Among the ancient masters of the world, rings were commonly used as part of the rite of betrothal. But itis woth while to notice that there was onh special difference be tween the anciont and modern nee of rings in this respect. In their original employment they were really not wedding bat betrothal ringe ; that is, they were given and taken as the public expression of a mOn's promise to a women that he would marry her, As a learned writer has told ns in regard to the early Italians," a man who wiehed to pledge his feith to a woman, placed a ring upon her finger, which is at the present day preserved for the benediction of marriage." Two points are thus, to be remembered that in the old days there were two distinct ceremonies-the betrothal and the actual wedding-both of which were equally es. eential to the full eolemni?ation of a mar nags; and alsoe that the ring was originally used, not for the second ceremony, but for the first. Such was the custom during the pagan era; and so it remained throughout the early centuries of Christianity. Marriage even then, and for a very considerable period afterwards, was regarded in the light of a civil contract only. and was entered into be. ere a magistrate while the ring itself was used as the symbol of promise in the pro limioary rite of betrothal. Gradually, however, these two ceremonies became merged into one by the loss on the part of the betrothal of its first formol character. Fcr some time after this, and in consequence of it, there was no emell Incer tainty in the use of the ring, which was not unlrequently left ont of the busioess alteo gether. But, after awhile it reasserted its importance, aend once more cameinto general Use. Moreover, it now began for the first time to limit itself habitually to the single hoop ofplain gold-a form which has become ineeparably connected with all our modern notions of what the wedding ring should be. It will thus be seen-to the surprise, doubtless, of not a few readers-that the wedding ring is not a Christian institution at all, but rather one which we have inherited, along with eo much else in our ceremonial, directly from classical antiquity. This leads the writer to mention a curious point in eon nection with its common employment. In pagan RBsme the betrothal ring woe worn on the trird finger (the one neose to the litle finger) of the lers hand, as it is to-day. This position is e eid-lo have been choren from the belief--unfounded, of course-that there was a vein or nerve ronning directly from that fiugerto the heart, a belief that was accepted, not alone by the ignorant maesee, bnt also by the learned men--the doctors and philosophers of the time. But in early Christian days a good deal of confusion seems to have prevailed upon the matter, as a result of which the ring was often placed and worn upon the woman's right hand. In rhe old Sslsbnry laneal is found epeoifie relsrence to this fAet in a very singular pee sage, which throws some interesting light on the eubject of the wending ceremony in gmneral. From this we learn that the bride groom was to receive theriag from the priest, who had blessed it (end this blessing, it may be remarked, is still hil ted at in the marriage service of theEnglish Episcopal churh) ; and then holding the right hand cf the bride in his own left hand, he was to ecite the words: "With this ring I thee wed." Then he was to place the ring on the right-hand thumb, saying: "In the name of the Father ;" then on the feerst finger with the words : and of the Son ;" then on the second finger, adding: "and Holy Ghost," and finally, with the words closing : "Amen," on the third finger, where it was to remain. But in course or time uniformity was established in favor of the lefthand, and there is no longer room for question concerning this important point. Of course, no one acquainted with the marriage service of the English Epis copal chrech needs to be told that it is absolutely necessary, accerding'to the rites of that church, that a ring should be employed. But beyond the simple ordinance that a ring there must be, the church makee no specifio conditions, so that (curious as it may ap pear) a ring of any size or weight, material or pattern, will serve the purpose perfectly well. It is naturally enough not often that one has to chronicle any departure from re cognieed cuasom in this regard; but such ds partures do from time to time occur. A story is told of two paupers "who came to church and requested to be married with the church key, as the parochial authorities had notfurnished them with a ring." The clerk, it is raid, not unnaturally, felt "some delicacy" about this, and fnally found an other way out of the dificalty. Be fetched an old curtain ring from his own house and with this extraordinary article the loving couple were duly united in the honds of holy matrimony. But, though this particular clerk saw t to hesitate, the chnureh hey has been employed, and that moure than once, in the place of the ring during the nlast hundred years. even th Dukes of Hamilton "was married at EIsy Fair with a bhd curtain ring." Nor does this by any ieanea echaust the list ot eccentric makeshifts. To give my one other instance, it is a matter of history that a lady woe onces married with a ring of Sleather out tranaverely from the finger of the bridegroom's glove. Thus the plain gold hoop now senotioned by lo ng sage and surrounded as it is by N untold ssoialions, is by no means soes sential to the marriage ordinance as moat people suppoese. Indeed, it is'only during more recent years that ithas been accepted as the only proper form of wedding-ring; for in former days rings used for marriage-were frequently chased. or eet with ston8es, or tin scribed on the inside or omtside with names, ioitials, or mottoes. Ose might give a long llst of these mottoes, or posies as they were dalled, host it weould hrdly he found intearest. ing or instrutive; for they were not as a role distingoished by great poetic ability or marked originality of thought. so it appears that the wedding-ring, like all things human, has its history and its Sromance. Nowadays it may indeed be said that its adventures are well nigh over. Per haps so. Bet, be that as it may, the writer feels sate in prophesying that so long as hearts beat in unison to the same hopee, the same aspirations, the same desires, eo long will the weddingring keep its hold spun us Sall, as the e?uaring symbol of faith and Sr'erifiTe. gVan DOeDa (indiguantly): "I am not quite a fool, Miss Amy I" Amy : " es-not quite." \- Caunaun: "Where's yourfatherl" \- Uorohin: "He's shinglin'." Oaller: "The bare ?" Uuibin t1"No, Tommyq" 