. THE ' 1 OLO 'UN'S NOTE-BOOK GNAROO'8 IV IN. < : : The Melbourne Cup. LIKELY 1)RIU!Y COLTS. Moorcfleld Selections. » : i ' Gnaroo, in tlio langiuigo of tbo savory aboriginal, moans "a water- hole," I be lieve. Not being well up in aboriginal \- 1 can't swear to it, but a well-dovelopoil ..spociuion of the natives of this fair land told me tins was the correct interpretation. To call a horse a " water-hole" would bo a confounded insult, but to call a liorso Gnaroo is diueront. Gnaroo iLun t put his backers in a wator-bolo or any other hole, bub he pulled them : through thoir Caulflehl Cup . struggle with tho hookies in gallant stylo. As my readers aro awaro, Gnaroo was my great tip for this race from tho moment the weights woroVub. I persistently warned backets to lceop off Biingebati and back Gnaroo. < I followed my own advice, contrary to tbo usual admonition of parsons to practice what they preach, and backed my own tip, and therefore I am much better off to-day than I was a week ago. Tho lady who paid her rent out of my selections tho first day at Caul field will probably bo in clovor, as at her request I sent her Gnaroo for tbo Cup. Whether it is my nom de plume attracts tho duar, giddy girls I don't know, bnt I havo received numerous letters during tho week from fair correspondents. Per haps, being au " old 'nil," they imagino I will take a fatherly interest in thoir wel fare. Such is fame. A lady writes from Melbourne in tho following strain, after stating sho had got G naroo going : " Kindly give mo your fancy for tho Derby and Cup. Being a lady I am not much up in horse- racing, but I nave bad such good luck by following your advice and having ono horco homo, you cau now imagino bow I fool. Thanking you in advaneo for a reply, I am, Ac." Another lady from Sydney, writes: — "I noticed in Saturday's paper that you had kindly given some poor lady a tip.. Will you give 1110 one? I never . inado a bet or had anything to do with racing- in my life. ' Will you toll mo exactly how to proceed." I will tell this lady how to proceed. If she lias never made a bet in her life I will give her the advico Punch gavo persons about to . marry, and say " Don't." She had much bettor not commence to bet at all, and then sho will not bo louiptcd to go for a " recovery/' or plungo to get her "daily; bread." Gnaroo won in tbo fastest ' time on record for this event, 2inin 36see,. and this boat all behind him. Horses that ran well bar the three placed ones aro Glenloth, Aster, Sadim, and Mitre. Glenloth must havo a cltanco in the Melbourne Cup 011 his running. Ho seems to liars been knocked about in tbo race, and after all this got fourth. It inuBt, however, bo homo in mind that Gnaroo got away badly, and yet be could win. I don't think we saw the Melbourno , Cup winner in tbo Caul field Cup, bar Gnaroo and Glenloth. Tho scratching of Yongeancois 0110 of these mishaps ovory man owning horses is subject to. I firmly believe Vengeance would havo been in it at tho finish of tho Cup, and theroforo Gnaroo's chance, even with 8st 111b, must be real good. No horso has dono better than Malvolio, of whom I hear great ac counts. Ho does his two miles like a glutton, and is sure to run well. Paris has! done soiuo roinarkablo gallops at Floming- ton, so did Silver Prince and Whakawai. . .The latter did such a great go hp could not possibly lose, so it was thought. Both those horses, in my opinion, left tho Melbourne. Cup on tho training trrtek, and Paris may do tho samo, more especially if ho has many moro rousers like that of Tuesday morning. Paris is favorite, and I wish to call particular attention to Mr. H. Q, White's opinion of Paris on April 22. Com- monts wero mado in tho Referee, ami thoy woro perfectly fair, about the scratch ing of Paris for tho Hawkesbury Handi cap, won by King Olaf. Mr. H. C. White wrote in tho Referee, of April 22, as follows, and I liopo- everyono will read what ho says : — "Now just lot us sco what chance Paris would havo had of winning the Hawkes bury Handicap with 8st 61b. Ho, won tho Rous Handicap, 1 milo 3 furlongs (meeting horses. of his own ago), and carrying 8st 71b, in 2min 2Gsco, being at tho rato of 13 3-llsoc to a furlong, so that with 8st 51b I calculate lio could not run tho mile and a .half in . , : hotter time than 2min 38soc, and I folt sure that that time would bo beaten." , : After soiuo further remarks, Mr. Wliito j ' BayB : " Paris, as ovoryono knows, is a very ' . small horso, and- although ho is very fast for a- milo with less than 8st on his back, lie cannot run a milo and a half in. fast 1 ' tiiEO with 8st 61b." Thin is a roinarkablo utterance. I thought so at tlio tiuio, and I think so how. Will Mr. White repeat his statement that Paris cannot do a milo \- jmd a hhlf in hotter time than 2min 38seq note P Will ho repeat that " Paris cannot run a mile and a half in fast time with ,8st 5lb ?" If Mr. White's estimate of Paris bo correct, and he ought to know all about tho horse, thou ho cannot havo a ghost of a cbnneo for tho Melbourno Cup with 8st 21b up. King Olaf, according to Mr. White, must easily beat Paris. Will Mr. White publicly state now that ho thinks Paris with 8st 21b is entitled to the position of favorite for tho Molbourno Cup when lio stated last April .tho horso could not cut out a mile and a half bettor than 2min 3Ssoc with 8st 61b, only 31b moro and half a milo shorter ? If Paris wins tlio Melbourno Cup will Mr. White repeat bis , statement that ho did not think tho horso could have won tho Hawkesbury Handicap won by King Olaf ? I cannot havo Paris on my sido for tbo Melbourno Cup, althongh I grant that no horse has improved moro. I am content to take Mr. White's ostiuuito of him on April 22 last. A horso that is euro to run woll is High born, and I should not bo at all surprised to see liirn absolutely win. I think ho is snro to beat Groygown and Mogaphono, and perhaps Correzo. In tho Australian Cup Highborn carried 8at 61b and ran Vengeatico to a' neck. Ho boat Megaphone in receipt of ono pound, and now Mogaphono gives him a pound. Tho distanco was run in 4 rain 2soc, which is hotter than Loehiol, Carlyon or Trident. Highborn is very well now, and I know Mr. Forrester thinks ho has a chanco. Now that Yengeanco is scratched, I havo . only Malvolio left, and although I shall not give a final until next weok, I fancy tjio Cup of 1891 will result somohdw as follows : — Mai.voi.io or Highborn 1 COBRE/.K v.. 2 Glenloth 3 When tho Derby is run for next Satur day wo shall hear 3uch romarks as " I told you so," " Know ho'd win," and so on. In tbo Referee I gavo it as my opinion on Wednesday that' Penance would win, and X havo- a great fancy for him. Like Rolf Boldrewood, I am "a Sydnoy-sido Saxon," and my sympathies aro all with oar nags. If I had to place tho Derby horses now I would givo Penance ... ... ... 1 Sirombot.i ... ... 2 Strathmore or The Rebel ... 3 Moorofield races tako place to-day. Mr. Jolly is suro to havo a good attendance. Tho Press boys all ,liko Moorofield, and " Jack " takes good care of thoir inner man. I givo tho following selections on the off chanco of tho liorsos named run ning TRAMWAY HANDICAP. Skittles or Auctioneer. - WELTBR HANDICAP. Litti.k Dick II. or Tiik Bunco. KOGARAU STAKES. "Wr'stem.a or Nkuitinuai.i:. MOOREFIELD HANDICAP. liusiii.niiiT or Mr'.ititiuir,. AUCTION STAKES. Chari.ir or I.aOt Lovkl. STEWARDS' MILE. DocmtA or. The Bonce. . 