Possy iii the Corner* Oats sre Bul.j.ct to mutt of tbe diseases which afflict the human race, and will fre quently ' oateh' a fever from its Hick mis tress or litile playmate. Wfien a oat seeka a dark corner, negUotB bertoilot, and has a hot nose, she is Biok and, a trifling remedy now will crevent some more serious dieorder. ▲ city eat should have raw meat onoe ft day, in the morning. At night give her ft hearty meal of warm bread and milk, or gravy in tha place of milk. Always re member a oat will sat moat anything, if it be warm and wall moistened. Have milk or water where she oan get it, and in ft clean dish, for Mm. Pass is dainty, and will scorn to drink duat-covered milk or water as quiokly as yon would. A eountry cat, who has plenty of out-doors, should have meat twioe a day, a piece as big as an egg each time, and. sot into mouthf uls. Kidney or liver is their favorite, but too much of the latter or of oysters may cause diarrhoea. They must have graes and plenty of it ; it is as neceeeary to- them aa Bait is to us. It would pay. in tiie city to raise graas and oat nip in a box for thc3e pets. Should a oat be attaoked with fits or con vulaionB, throw over her a ahawl or rag to prevent damage to herself or furniture; ft whin of ohloroform, ether, ammonia, or, l»ok ing these, an onion ? freshly out, will often, give relief. Should she aontioue to cry pite- oaely, with eyes wide open and glaring, pro tect the hands with gloves, graep her firmly in the shawl and with a sharp pair of scissors snip the end of tbe ears; a few drops ol blood will be sufHoient ; let her stay in a oool, dark plaoe, and for several days feed sparingly with warm bread and milk. One of the most valuable remedies for cats and amall dogs is sweet oil. One halt table spoonful in their milk is seldom refused. In oases were poisoning ia Buspectod it ia the beat and certainly tbe easiest remedy. For inflamed eyes apply a wash of warm milk or weak borax and water. A cat will catch cold, sneeze, and have all tbe aymptomi of influenza ; grease the upper part of her noee and administer one- half teaspoon of eastoria or balsam ; if she has ? sore throat wrap it with a flannel wet with Arabian Balsam and keep her away from tbe children. Oals with kittenB should not be rpnghly bandied or frightoned, or abe will miaoarry or suffer duiing confinement. Do not kill all her babies; leave her at least one until suoh time as it oan eat other food than its mother's milk. Should her kittens die and tbe mother auffer from swelled breasts, rub them with camphorated oil or even warm lard, and give aconite and belladonna alter nately. Some people and doctors are ashamed to prescribe for cats, but there can be no loss of dignity in such a humane aot. Pussy will be a silent ghost gliding through the house, or she will be an intelligent, af feotionate friend (not a slave like ? dog), ac cording aa she is negleoted or loved and oared for. I oannot dose without a protest againat the cruelty of leaving a oat to 'get its own living ' while the house is closed during the summer months. Give her shelter, and pay the butoher and milkman to feed her, if there ia no friend or home where the can be carriad. 