BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETINGS. KADINA DISTRICT. me annual meeting of tne ministers and representatives of the Kadina District was held on Tuesday and Wednesday, February 3 and 4, in the Bible Christian Church. Moonta. Ihe meeting was opened on Tuesday afternoon by the Rev. W. Richards (Chairman of the district). There were present the Reva. W. Richards, E. Gratton, T. McNeil, W. T. Pen rose, F. Bullock, J. Collings, and E. J. Kemp, and Messrs. J. W. Pearce (Kadina), E. Nan kivell (Moonta), T. Rodda (Keilli), P. Wilson (Crystal Brook), and R. Cooper (Snowtown). The Rev. T. McNeil was elected Secretary and the Rev. W. T. Penroae Journal Secretary. Tho statistical returns showed that there were in the district 7 Circuits, 7 ministers, 59 local preachers — an increase of 4 ; 781 mem bers, with 16 on trial, an increase of 15. Tho various Connexional Funds have been well sus tained. The missionary receipts are £93 5s. 6d., an advance of £10 9s. 4d. beyond last year,. in addition to which £13 17s. 7d. has been allocated to the reduction of the missionary debt and £10 12s. 6d. raised for the China Mission. The Sunday-school Secretary's report wa3 presented and accepted. Two new schools have been opened during the year and one closed. There is a net increase of 3 scholars. Removals in eome portions of the district and the opening of a school by another Church in another port caused considerable loss of scholars. During the year 24 scholars have joined the Church. Ihe current receipts are£3351Us. 4d., and expen diture £2S9 17s. Id. On Tuesday evening the Rev. _ W. Kichards preached an earnest and practical sermon from ' The just shall live by aith.' On the resumption of business on Wednesday a vote of condolence and sympathy with the Ke%'. E. Gratton and the members of his family was earned. The Chapel Secretary reported that there were in the districb 34 Churches, 2 preaching - places, 2 school rooms, 5 vestries, and 5' nianse3, sitting accommodation being provided for 4,700 persons. The income during the year amounted to £1,547 15s. Id., and theexpenditure to £1,475 IGs. ud. The reduction of debts amounted to £-393, the present debt being £4,217 7s. lOd. There was an increase of £30 in seat rents, of £14 in anniversary receipts, and over £100 in the amount spent in improve ments. An interesting conversation took place over the spiritual condition of the district, and the following resolution was passed— ' Thia meeting ha3 listened with deepest interest to the reports of the pastors and to the statements of the various brethren who have taken part in tho profitable conver sation that has taken place. Some cheering results have followed the work of the past year. Seventy- seven persons have been brought into Church fellowship, and there is a net increase of fifteen members. Still our success has not equalled our expectations. We have gleaned handfuls where we ought to havo reaped glorious sheaves. The meeting would pledge itself to fuller consecration to God, and would call upon all our people to seek a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost.' The following list of appointments was recommended to Conference: — Kadina, J. Collings; Moonta, E. Gratton ; Balaklava, J. Pcarce'; Kulpara. F. Bullock ; Crystal Brook, W. T. Penrose ; Snowtown, W. Richards. The members of Conference for the district are the Revs. W. Richards, E. Gratton, T. McNeil, W. T. Penrose, F. Bullock, and J. Collings, and Messrs. J. W. Pearce, R. Cooper, W. Tupper, T. Rodda, W. A. Stevens, and P. Wilson. R. Cooper was elected lay representative on the Stationing Committee. On Wednesday evening a public meeting -was held, presided over by tho Rev. W. Richards, and addressed by the Revs. F. Bullock, W. T. Peurose, T. McNeil, and E. J. Kemp. 