ARCHDEACON FARRAR ON THE DRINK CURSE OF ENGLAND. In a sermon recently preached at Westminster Abbey from the words, ' God spake these words and said, 1 am the Lord thy God, thou shalt have none other gods but Me ,' the Yen. Archdeacon. Farrar j said : — I ' If nations were not practically I atheistical, if their sons did not, in the I maioritv of car-es. thiuk it nossible to serve the Lord and to worship otner gods, if they only knew that (Jod is not to be mocked, and* is not content with those who lie to the Holy Ghost aud ke^p back part of the price of their souls, could ∈ and vice flourish in Christian nations as now they flourish ? Take but one instance, and that very near home, Foreign inquirers and English writers arc at oue in telling us that in spite of our overflowing and enormous wealth, in spite o£ the millions we spend ou education, in spite of the multiplication of our religious ordinances, there is moie hideous pauperism and festering squalor here in England than in any other country in the world. Last Sunday a good nobleman, unable to get into tbe Abbey for the crowd, walked about this neighbourhood, and told me that, having ju6t returned from long visits to European and other lands, he had seen in two hours sights of misery and human shipwreck in this our serenely self- complaccot England such as he had not seen in any other land. What is the main cause of this ! The main cause of this, as everyone knows who cares for and knows anv thi/ic: about the poor, is contained in a single mono?vilabie. ask the laitnrui ana experienced clergy of our poorest parishes, ask the police. a-«k the magistrates, aak the judges, ask the gaol chaplains, ask the superintendents of our criminal lunatics, ask the teachers of schools in pauper districts, and every one of them will give the answer in ihe same monosyllable. The cause of it is — drink ! It iB drink that yearly pauperises thousands, that yearly kills its tens of thousands, that blights unnumbered lives, that blasts the peace of hundreds of families, that kindles the fires of hell on countlesB hearths, that causes an infant mortality in one year to which the Moloch slaughter in a hundred years was as nothing, which degrades many of those races which repre sent, as it were, the helpless infancy of the world, and causes them to curse our name, which pours into Africa the cursed rivers of I gin aud rum, to the destruction of its I peoples : and yet even to this day, after fifty I vcara of earnest work and warning, the conscience of England is not aroused, nay, is callous, and I believe that the consciences of nine-tenths of you who are here assembled in this Abbey are at the moment notaroused, but are callous to the curse and criminality of leaving such a state of things to flourish unchecked by legislation or individual effort, like some bloated and poisonous fungus growing on the decay of our past prosperity. Why Because in the hearts of thousands greed and gold, aud custom and selfishness are gods, and while Ihe churches are busy in endless squabbling about the infinitesimally little, we have not learned the meaning either of the First Commandment, 'Thou shalt have none other god- but Me.' or of the second, which is like unto it, 'Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.' And if we be too r-elfish and small natured to care for what nation- do. how mauy of us here present as individuals know i he 'meaning ana the force nf this First, (,'ommaudmcnt ? Sot one of us perfectly : very few of ue at all for really to iiavc learned its meaning would be to have acquired a principle of life, which would lender impossible a life of wilful and willing A Circub in a Storm,— Probably few jicj'sons suffered more from the heavy gales of last week (6aya an English paper of October 24) than the proprietors of travelling circus. Mr George Ranger has given in a letter a stirring description of nis experi ence at Alfretou, Derbyshire. Fore-warned of the storm on Tuesday, the tent-builders availed themselves of tbe help of hundreds of willing hands of town and country people, and by the driving of extra stakes and pulling on to ropes the vast unweildy tent was finally made secure against the high winds. During the performance that after noon. however, a terrific hurricane struck the canvas walls, beneath which some five or six hundred spectators were sheltered. Tbe lions' and tigers' cages, the band carriage, and three other waggons were in stantly overturned, and women, children, and men rushed from the circus panic-stricken ; and adding to the terror by shouting that the lions were loose. Meanwhile the vast canvas was rolling with its lifting poles in a way that rendered approach dangerous. Finally, the men succeeded in harnessing the elephants in the driving rain and attaching them to quarters of the tent, which they thus hauled one by one on to safer ground. On LUC LUUUWlllg U4£Uf UltJ BLUrW BgW DB fiercely that the elephant tent was/ blown over the top of the houses near by, and the elephants breaking loose wandered about at will. They were found the following morn ing in a cornfield five miles away. SPECIAL PR1CEB In Men's Tweed Huits, Worsted Suits, Serge Suits, Trousers and Vents, 6hirts, Hats, Boys* .iud Youths' Clothing ; Washing, Tweed, aud Sailor Kui^kci' Suite ; Bi-k Handkerchiefs and Ties. T. arge assortment, and grand valut. ,- I [ADrT.] J. H. Boom, Brisbane-street, 