During Adjournment. (By A2NTAms.) THE EVENTS OF THt WEBK HAVE undoubtedly been the publication of the Premier's manifesto and the initial moot* ing of the o 'netituents of the new Attorney General. As regards the first-named, there are, of course, many conflicting opinions, although, of course, in the columns of one of the Sydney dailies, which ever since a memorable libel action of now ancient times has been unable to find a word in its vocabulary in favour of Mr. Dibbs, the pro nouncement was severely mentioned. It is curious to note the opposing opinions upon the manifesto expressed by the two Freetrade morning journals of the mot opolie. The manifesto, as regards its principal plank, Protection, was cer:ainly plain enough, and so the Sydney Mornang s Heralsd acknowledged it to be, saying that it | was " particularly frank and honest." But, on the other handithe Daily fdeegraph, upon the same day, came out with a leading article in which Mr. Dibbs' "infatuated Ministry " were accused of "sneaking in Protection." Which is your journal, O Freetradere ? - The second event of the weer, Mr. Barton's first meeting, was an extra ordinary affair. The Sydney papers, with but one exception, had endeavoured to ins prove the occasion by hounding down the member for East Sydney for daring to join A PROTErTIONIST ADMINISTRATION, but the effect of their articets must have been very small if one could judge of it from the opinion of that gentleman's constituents in public meeting assembled. Ihe meeting was most enthusiastic, and, although not properly speaking a Protectionist assemblage, yet it was truly the most unanimous Pro. tectionist meeting ever held in Sydney. If the enthusiasm of the meeting, and the cor diality of the vote of confidence almost unanimously accorded, be any indica tion, the seat of Attorney General Barton in East Sydney is as safe as any in the colony. The Labour party intend to nominate against Mr. Barton, Mr. Grantham, a gentleman who polled remarkably well for Labour at the general election; but despite the Labour candidate's popularity it is fairly certain, as certain as any political matter can he, that Mr. Barton will be re-elected. Meanwhile, themajority of the Labour members, like Brer Fox in the well-known'negro nursery stories of Uncle Remus, are "lying low." Some of them have certainly announced their determina tion to oust the Government from ofice, but in most cases they have done so without considering the new Premier's programme. If Mr. Dsbbs introduces, as he announces that he proposes to do, a bill to reform the electoral law as soon as Parlia ment again meets, how can the Labour party vote against him P Until the Assembly meets, the Labour members, unlike the late member for Bourks, Mr. Howe, will be "gentlemen at larges" and in this connec tion it may not be out of place to quote the opinions of Melbourne )Boloemiea on these gentlemen, especially as the description in eludes A STORY which is generally believed to be veracious. .Bsoemia says :-" The first of the month is the day of days for the New South Wales Labour Ms.P., and upon that day swarms of them may be seen going to the Macquarie- I street Treasury with unwonted alaority for their £25 of remuneration for legislative labours. But the Labour members, pure and simple-it is not to be supposed, how ever, that they are pure and simple in the ordinary acceptation of the term-are not the only representatives of the people who hurry along Macquarie-street * when the ghost walks,' for there is one member whoseo rapidity in 'collaring' his 'screw' is only equalled by his speed in disposing of it. He has a comfortable income of his own, but when he receives his Parliamentary re muneration he sets himself out for a regular 'razzle-dazzle,' which lasts for a couple of days. When the ' pony' has vanished he resumes his boasted state of rigid temporance, and for the remainder of the month he can never be induced to 'touch it.' Man is a peculiar animal; but this specimen of humanity is perhaps as curious as any. Given time and money it is very easy to metamorphose a Labour M.P., fresh from the bench, the mine, or the smithy, into the very embodiment of BLOATED CAPITALIsM AND ARISTOCRAOC. This remark is begotten by an experience of the Labour party in the New South Wales Parliament. When a spurious aid sudden spurt of popular passion sent them to the halls of Legislative light in Macquarie-street they were a very seedy lot; but now, after three months' remuneration at a rate some of them could never have hoped, in their wildest and most peaceful dreams to have earned outside ,the House, how different the scene! Bugged fustian has given way to sable broadcloth, and slouch hats have been cast aside in favour of neatly-brushed black " billy cocks," the nearest approach they are allowed to "bell-toppers." Massive gilded chains and substantial rings adorn their persons, and in the locality of their anatomy indicated by the lower buttons of their waistcoats, there is now a rotundity of form which aug gests good living. But it was not always so. There was a time, early in their Parliamen tary experience, when some of them would have given much (it they had had it) for A GOOD, SQUARE MEAL. Soon after the Parliament met, one of the Labour members, who represents a coal con stttuenoy, had occasion to visit Sir Henry Parkes in his room at the Oolonialgecretary's office. The hour was half-past noon, and it did not take long to transact the business upon which the member came. But he did not chow any desire to depart. The pile carpet and the spacious arm-chair were luxuries unwonted, and, as the Premier courteously chatted, there was no inducement to leave. In.this way half an hour passed, and still the Labour member stayed. At last the Premier grew impatient, and quietly hinted that the interview was closed. The member did not agree with this. Even tually, Sir Henry, who, as the time for his mid-day meal approached, began to feel hungry, rang his boll for the messenger, and ordered his small but tasty lunch to be, brought in, thinking that this hint at least would be suffloient. The lunch was brought, and the member's mouth watered at the dainties he saw, but there was no sign of going on his part. The Premier grew an noyed, and in a tone of deep sarcasm re marked, "Will you join me in my lunch, Mr. Member," expecting that this broad hint would be enough.. But, with unex pected alacrity the member accepted the invitation. Only one cover had been laid, and as the Labour member coolly swallowed the meal, the Premier was obliged to content himeolf with bread ana cheese! Poor Parkes had to suffer that day, but he had, by the feed, bought for ever the soul and vote of his hungry visitor I 