HIS ANGEL. B* Hknbt Bebkan, Author of "Scarlet Fortune," '"Eagle Joe," "Between the Whiffs, &c.;" Joint Author of "The Bishop's Bible," "Wild Dame," "One Traveller Returns," "The Silver King," " Claudian," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER V. They had been sitting there (or fullv a quarter of an hour puffing silently at their cigars, the old man staring in front of him blankly, coldly, vacantly, the younger man moving uneasily on bis chair, casting wistful glances at his companion, and drumming a silent inarch with niB finger tips on the table. '1 Tell me all about yewrself," said the pioneer on a sudden. "Let's have a fair, square look at yewr devil, and see if he's as black as yew've painted him. Tell us all about how yew've growed np, an' whar yew've growed up, an' how yew've bin gittin' yewr livin', ana how yew've come to be what yew are. 1 guess then 111 know what I've got to do." The young man hesitated for a few moments undecidedly. "It is perhaps better that yon should know all." he said at last with a heavy drawn -sigh. " I have told you the worst. The rest of my history has no surprises—of the disagreeable kind at any rate." "I can remember myself first of all," he continutd, "a giimmy, smudge-faced, half ragged urchin, running about Front-Btreet, St. Louis, diving and dodging about the steam boats on the Levee, and picking up pieces of wood, bits of iron, and all such rubbish as are generally found in similar neighbourhoods, and carrying them to my mother, who lived in a tumble-down shanty not far from the railway station. The stewards and the cooks of the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of pumpkin pie, of meat, and of corn-cake I got from them. I re member well, how, even at that time, the boys of my own age used to shun me, and taunt me with my father being a thief or with my father being in prison. At that time I saw very little of him. Even when ho was not in gaol, he was seldom at home, aud when he was at home, our little shanty was a very hell upon earth. He used to beat my mother unmercifully, and went so far as to bring other women into the house. As I grew to fears of better comprehension, young as I was, came to be heartily ashamed of him. A good Baptist missionary had been talking to me on the Levee, and I had been going to the evening school, and there I bad learned that it was wrong to steal, and I knew that it was wrong to steal when one night my father took me with him and another man on an expedition to break into a house. I could climb like a cat then, and they wanted me to get over a high wall, and open the door for them. " I had got heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under the teachings of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wall, but when I got on the top I shouted with all my might, and the people of the house were awakened and came out, and my father bad to run away vowing vengeance against me. '' After that I dared not go home, but Mr. Casey, the kind Baptist missionary, sheltered i'for me 'for a few days and nights, and at last he got me a place as scullery boy on the steam boat Wisconsin, running between St. Louis and Dubuque. All went very well with me for a while. From the post of scullery boy I aroBe to that of pantry boy, and then to that of cabin boy. The purser took a fancy to me, and lent me books to read, and when winter came he got me a place on the Yazoo City steamer, running between Vicksburgh and Yazoo City, and I passed another season there. ' My good fortune would have it that on that boat I met the Bon. Levi Walker, member of the Congress for Missouri and Editor of the Kansas City Star. He offered to moke a jour nalist of me, and I was glad to consent. In his office I rose from one position to the other, and all would have been well if one unlucky day I had not in the street run across my father. He was, unfortunately, too well known in the place. He had been tarred and feathered there, he had been flogged there, he had been in the chain gang, he had been within an ace of being hanged there. He. immediately claimed from me the rights which his ties of affinity gave him, and I had to confess the horrible truth to Mr. Walker. I tried to buy my wretched father's departure, but the more money I gave him the firmer became his resolu tion to hang on to me. The people in Kansas City were very good to me. They bad had time to learn to know me, and they pitied me. "Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, and I left Kansas City and with it my dreadful father. I found immediate and remunerative work in Cincin nati, and I stayed there Beveral years. From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on my journey from Chicago to Hew York you met me. Now you know all about me. I do not think that I have forgotten anything of im portance. " An' ain't yew seen yewr father since thin ? —ain't yew heard from him?" asked Kershaw. " I know of his existence only through the newspapers," replied Underwood. "They periodically record his conviction. My mother died shortly after my leaving Cincinnati under his brutal treatment; that I know also." " Waal," exclaimed Kershaw, " if yew ain't beerd from him nor yet seed him, maybe as yew'll never hear nor see to more of him." "That is not to be hoped for," sighed the young man. " I live in daily dread of running across him in the street, of his calling at my rooms, of his coming here. If the slightest chance is given him of blackmailing me or you be will fasten on us like a leech, and it would be easier to get rid of a vampire than of him !" "I've had to deal with that kind o' man afore to-day," said the frontiersman quietly, " an' they nary once gcrt the besto' me yet." "Ah," replied the young man bitterly, "it is easy for you to say that. Not one of the scoundrels whom you have come across was your own father. One cannot mete out justice to the man to whom one owes one's life, and not be soiled by his guilt. The taint clings, one's clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it embitters the drink, it calls up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes good men's praise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long reproach. Oh, God!" he cried, in a sudden agony, "how can I be rid of it? Shall I ever be rid of it ? I have never felt it as I do at this moment." The old man cast a scrutinizing glance upon him, a long glance full of pity, "Poor boy!" he muttered; " The sins of the fathers. > Poor boy !" Underwood jumped up on a sudden. " You must let me go, Mr. Kershaw," he cried." You really must not try to detain me. Don't* think me a coward, t do not go to Europe to run away from him. I go to escape from myself. I love your daughter, and I have no right to love her. God knows I have struggled, and fought, and contended against myself. I have tried to be marble, and see the result. I am but human after all. Pity me by having no pity on me. There is no harm done yet. Let me go before it is too late." In bis heated excitement he walked up and down the room like some frightened, caged creature, trembling in every limb. He grasped the decanter that was standing on the table, and pouring out two glasses of water, swal lowed them greedily one after the other, bs if thereby he was able to cool the fever of his emotion. "Sit down thar," said the millionaire^ softly, pointing to an armchair, " and let me bide this over. When they've been crying' sign, yew've got to stand to yewr rifles an' be ready, But that ain't no reason for runnin' away an' leavin' all your peltry be hind. Yew'vo got that thar father o' yewrn, an' yew cayn't rid of him nohow, 'cos it ain't 'lowed to smother him. You've got to take kear that he don't harm yew nor those that like yew, that's alL It's all well an' fine an' easy for yew to run away an' go to Yewrup, but what am I to do witn my Angel who'll cry her eyee out when yew're gone, an' who'll pine, an' wither an' die, per haps, for she ain't over strong, an' she's an obstinate critter when she's set ner heart on a thing. Ho, my boy, yew've got to be a man an' yew've got to bear yewr load like a man an' not sit down nnder it, an' yew've got to do it for the sake of the gell that loves yew, an' sbe's worth it, I can assure yew." ' But " exclaimed Underwood. 'Thar ain't no but," intercepted the old pionier. "On the straight road, the honest road, the broad road that lies afore yew, thar ain't no bye-wayB, an' thar ain't no turnings. Thar may be rocks an' boulders an' big stones all along, but yew've got to sit on yewr hoss an' jest to ride over 'em. It aintnouse a sneakin' away as if yew was the guilty one. Hold yewr head up straight, yo»ng man, 'cos yew've got the right to hold it up in spite of yewr father, an' if so be as anybody challenges yew yew say, 'Go an' ask Dan! Kershaw for my character,' an' I guess Dan'l Kershaw's purty well known from the Blatte to the Cana dian, an' from the Rockies to the Atlantic, an' if they come to me an' say anything agin yew they'll soon find out the truth." "I don't merit this, Mr. Kershaw," said Underwood in a voice broken by his emotion. "I wish I could feel myself more personally deserving of it. Believe me, your daughter^ love, your own friendship are priceless in my eyes. It ib just because I value them so rarely that I tremble to stay." "Come now," exclaimed Daniel Kershaw, " that's better.^ I guesB that's a heap better. Vew let me think this business over. But the thing yew've got to do is to go an' tell yewr people that yew ain't goin' to 1'cwrup, an yew can start with me as my Secretary as soon as yew like. An' mind yew, not a sylab of this to my Angel—not a word—on yewr honour— until I see what's got to be done." Miss Angelica was sitting in the dining room waiting for the result of her father's in terview with Hubert Underwood. A trifle more anxious perhaps that on the previous day and a shade paler—the tiny fingerstwitched a little more nervously, and w,ang the gauzy cambric handkerchief in rapidly tremulous agitation. Once or twice her rockiug chair came very near overbalancing itself, so erratic were the young lady's impulsive movements, and so forgetful was she of her own safety amidst her heart's tumultuous doubting promptings. She jumped up with a glad cry when she heard the door open upstairs and Daniel Kershaw's heavy footsteps on the landing. "Where is Mr. Underwood!" she en quired eagerly when she saw that the old man was alone. "Be is gone out by the front door, my Angel," answered the pioneer, patting her head, "an* he wants yew to excuse him. " Excuse himshe repeated in a dismayed wonderment. " Excuse him V Tell me, daddie dear," she burst out convulsively " tj he going away?" "Thar now, dry yewr eyes," he replied soothingly, "be ain't a-goin' away, not a little bit he ain't. ThiB won't do at all yew know. I cayn't have my Angel a cryin', an' a losin' her roses. Mr. Underwood not only ain't agoin' away, but he's goin' to be my Secretary, an' yew 11 be able to see him every day." l How those big lustrous eyes brightened, and those downy cheeks dimpled. She stood on j tiptoe, and throw her. arms around his neck, and kissed him for the happy news he had brought her, and a few minutes afterwards she had forgotten all about her little troubles and the sorrow they had brewed for her, and the dreadful anticipations that had affrighted her, over the imaginary woes and joys of the heroine | of the latest novel. Daniel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of the dining-room looking out into the street. He was not an imaginative man, and had been accustomed to deal with herd matters of fact in a hard matter-of-faot way all swift action had been^anJ? were his chief cha racteristics, yet the present emergency brought a strange indecision in its way. For the first time in his life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he was angry with himself for being puzzled. A conflict of thoughts and memories surged in his mind, and threatened to interfere with bis habitual determination. He looked upon the street, and the little crowds of passers t>y, listlessly, uninterestedly, when, on the oppo site side of the toad, he espied a man, who rather slunk than walked along, casting furtive glances about him from time to time. He was an old man, a tall man, bent, with broad stooping shoulders. His gait was shifty, and his manner shrinking. Whilst looking in this direction, or in that, as if seeking some body or something, he turned his eyes towards the window where Daniel Kershaw sat, and thereby gave ths latter an opportunity of seeing his face. It was not a pleasant face thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of an ashen pale. A great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villainous Jcok. The eyes, bright and piercing, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct. The mouth was hard, wish square set jowl, and yet it was a face wnioh might have been handsome years and years ago, before manliness was stamped out of it, and ferocity and brutality had writ their mark there. His hair was sparse and white, and a small Bcrubby white beard fringed his cheeks. His clothing, though not absolutely in rags, was of the coarsest, and an unkempt, unshaven appear ance added to the general repulsiveness. As Daniel Kersnaw's eyes rested on the man's face, an indistinct remembrance daBhed upon him and gripped his mind. "I've seed that man afore," he said to him self and Btrove to obtain a better look. The man had slunk on, however, and was turning his back. A little further down the Apenuehe crossed the road and was loBt to sight. "Whar have I seed that man afore?" Daniel Kershaw kept asking himself all that , morning. " I'm sure I've seed that face afore." j. Whatever work _ he was engaged upon, whether he were writing or reading, or resting or smoking, that pale unshaven face thrust itself between him and his thoughts. It followed him when he went upstairs to his own room, and it was with him as he sat down to luncheon. So preoccupied was he, and so moodily ab stracted that Angelica imagined him to be ailing, and was profuse in her questionings and in ber pretty solicitude. After luncheon he sat himself down by the window again and the picture of that face flashed across his mind, but not as he had seen it that morning. The white hair was nearly dark, the face brown and robust, but even more scowling and more villainous than as he had last seen it. "I've got it," he cried. "I guess I've got it. I was sure I knowed it. It's Mike Turner —Cbeeseface Mike—Hellfire Joe's pardner!" 