' SARAH BERNHARDT. THE DREAM OF THE GREAT TRAGEDIENNE. REALISM AND ART. Iliad a beautiful dream when I was yet a young girl. I dreamed I saw an immense temple sustained by golden columns, which were decorated by perennial flowers that gave forth sweet perfume. The temple was surrounded by a marble group, the chief figure in which was a beautiful statue repre senting the Ideal, and beneath its broad wings I saw sad Truth. In this temple of pleasure they taught the faithful that all good brought its joy, that all evil brought its pain. Moliere, Shakespeare, Longfellow, Victor Hugo touched and glorified in turn human passion and weak ness. The moral taught by facts was en dured without fatigue. The public went home enchanted by the glorious language they had heard — charmed, fascinated, terri fied, but always instructed. Alas ! and alas ! my dream has faded. The' Ideal has vanished, cast out by the " true.'' The new school is persuaded that it has truth because it has not beauty. In France to-day they are writing a drama about her murderers, Eyraud and Gabrielle Bompard. But the genius of Shakespeare had fore stalled tho two wretches, in the creation of Macbeth and Lady Macbeth. The passions that govern these four personages are the same. Macbeth, urged by his wife, killed n king to gain a throne ; Eyraud, the brute, urged by his mistress, kills his man for the sake of his money. Both men were domi nated by lovo, the two women by ambition. Tho women conceived tho crime, they thought it out and directed the brutes who had no other strength than to obey and kill. Shakespeare has symbolised justice in "Macbeth." The assassin of Gouffe finds it in the executioner. The great English author shows us Lady Macbeth killed by remorse, the French author will show us Gabrielle Bompard regretting her crime before the gallows. Passion, its results, its deductions, its punishment, are all brought together in the two plays, bub in the one it is terrible, it is sublime; in the other it is repellant and vulgar. Oh ! no, and again no. We want no realism. What good is it ? The stage will ever be the home of fiction, the prison ever be a thing of wood and canvas ; the edge of the knife will never pierce the victim's breast, the blood which flows from tho wound will still be tinted' water. No realism, I say. Rather let us be the exponents of dreams. We hold tho mirror in which all things are reflected, but in which no truth abides. Wo help you to endure what there is wearisome in life. Our task is not unworthy. To teach the truth of truths we have the priests. To console us for death we have God, SARAH BERNHARDT, In these few lines we have Sarah Bern- hardt's creed. The greatest living actress bends her knee to the Ideal. She denounces the mistakes of modern realism, but she also proclaims her belief in the fundamental truths of the drama. For it is clear that when sho seems to speak so slightingly of " truth" she refers to tho raw and coarse reflection of facts which by many is con founded with the real truth. She believes in the everlasting varieties of life, but not in their literal presentment. Her ideal is trutli informed by art. To Sarah Bernhardt, as to most of us who think and feel, the stage is a grand temple of illusion. The gods whom she worships knew the truth as others have known it, but they did not inflict it on us cruelly. The false gods sho abjures are the mock realists who give us vulgar facts and call them truth. The tragedienne pays tribute to the opinions of the masters, of Shakespeare Moliere and Victor Hugo. She abhors the ultra modern school of Zola and Alexis, the school which is tho fashion now in Paris. Her mind is too broad and comprehensive to confound the Ibsens with these parasites. She admires Ibsen— she told me so last week — and she admires him, not despite his truth; but because he sees truth through poets glasses. She scorns the anecdote and the gross in art. She is for "Macbeth," " Larcn- zaceio" and " Ghosts." The drama of the slum does not charm Sarah, it only bores and disgusts her. " 1 do not want to see the low and the commonplace on the stage," she remarked during tho course of a second conversation. " It is the mission of true art to ennoble facts. Ihave no love for the sordid side of human nature." Her meaning is aptly illustrated in the contrast which she draws between Macbeth and Eyraud. Both were murderers, indeed ; both sinned to please a woman. But Mac beth, as Shakespeare paints him, is an epic sinner. The Eyraud of the Frenchman is a beast. Like most women, she says more than sho thinks — and less. But the preport of her credo is not doubtful. It is not realism in its proper sense she condemns, but the mock realism of the latter-day Parisians. Were it otherwise would Sarah Bernhardt bear with the author of such plays as " Fedora" and " La Tosea?" Would she not shrink from the tragic loss of Phedre and of Theodora ! Would she not loathe the jealous fury of Othello ' No.it is not tho truth, but the expression of tho truth, which marks the gulf between reality and realism. Touch murder with the wand of Shakespeare or Victor Hugo and the horrible at once becomes sublime. Tlie vilest passions may be made heroic, without offence to God or morality. But these miracles can only be effected by the poets. To men of smaller genius and mind they are impossible. Here a question may arise, " Is Sardou a poet?" Perhaps. He had grand moments in his "Palrio "and "La Kaino." He is liotgraml in "La Tosea" or " Fedora." These works like " Theodora " and " Cleopatra," owe half their value to the genius and accomplishment of one actress. But for Mme. Bernhardt they would not have been created, and with her we know that they will die ; but, thanks to the wondrous arts and gifts of this woman, for whom and by whom they have their being, the bloodstained scenes of such plays as " La Tosea" appear grand. As we stood within this temple of illusion on Saturday and watched Sarah Bern hardt slay her suitor Scarpia, we know that the play was low and hateful, but we could not deny its dreadful force. And after all, at its worst and most repellant, " La Tosea" is pure beside some recent plays. Beside tho "Conte de Noel," which was performed recently in Paris, Scarpia's lust seems almost tolerable. I refer to this play particularly because it is a type of the works which Sarah Bernhardt condemns. It is the climax of the horribly grotesque in drama, and it has done more than half a hundred other works of the same school to disgust the admirers of realism. The very name of tho play is atro cious. It prepares one for Christmas idyll, and the work is a coarse and filthy episode, a sketch of the worst and most abominable side of rural life. The heroine is a woman who has gone astray before marriage. Tlie peasant she 1ms married cares or suspects nothing, but the woman herself dreads detection and dis grace. One night as the bells ring out for Christmas she steals behind a hut in the fields. She returned to the cottage an infan ticide. As she crawls home she is accosted by the foul bag who has dogged her. " Don't fear," said the hag, " they'll never catch you ! I have thrown the child to tho pigs," and here the play ends. Such a story in the rough is a true one, for a case similar occurred recently in England but wlmt purpose could be served by trans- parting it from the rustic Hill on which the crime took place to the hoards of a theatre ? It would bo easy to quote many oilier works of a like kind which have from time lo time within tlie last few years disgraced the French stage, the oldest, perhaps, being a ballet which 1 saw three years ago in Marseilles, entitled " Pranzini." At the close of tlie piece, which was half-acted and half-danced, wo were treated to Pranzini's execution. The scene was represented with ghastly details, and the curtain fell with a sickened audience. There was truth of a sort — truth- made grotesque aud blasphe mous. There was truth too in " Conte de Noel," and there is truth in " Nana," but with Sarah we protest against the grossness of the truth. It is vile, and there should be none of it. This poor humanity of ours is not all base. The world is not made up of moral cess pools. It has its splendors, its beauties, its virtues, its heroisms, to offset its deep wickedness and vice. M. Sardou was too clever to forget this when he wrote his ghastly drama " La Tosca" in contrast to the Sadie lust and cruelty of Searpia he revealed the diversion of young Mario. His Floria is sinful, but she loves, and for the sake of that love at last she dies. Thcro is a monster in the play who knows no love not mercy. It is Searpia, and he is as false to human life as he is foul. Little more need be said to tho eulogies which, with fowexceptions, all who saw 44 La Tosea" have lavished on tho marvellously gifted artist who plays Floria. One never tires of Almo. Earnhardt's genius, charm and passion, but it may prove monotononslo read of them. To all not deaf and blind, Sarah Bcrnhardt's art is so much higher, finer, subtler than the art of all her rivals that comparison appears futile and foolish. Sho is the sun of the stage, and I know no moon. Stars pale and wane in her splendor, and her like mav not come ueaiu unon the face of earth. MELTZER. 