What la It P The Influence that Sometimes Guides Us Against Our Will. "No, I do not believoin ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, " hut I do baliova in tho ministration of Bpirits." Thia is not tho ago nor tho country in whioh tbe supernatural flourishes. Interests centres abont the prtc- tioal. Haunted houeos aro rented withont groat diffioalty, tf the landlord Is willing to knook off a portion of the rent. There are many, howovcr, who will admit the exertion at times of soma peculiar inffnenoe swaying our actions. Ws are led to do things wa should not do of onr own volition— tiie wisdom of whioh we do not appreciate until afterwards ; thou wo wonder how wo oame to do them. We are foroed to learn that worldly wisdom is. not always that whioh guldos into the wisest conries. In this ptaotiaal ago results are what people are looking after. They believe in what thoy bob; tha "ovidenoa of things not seen" la to be weighed in the futnre. When a man is sick he wants to get well ; he oaroa littlo what medtoal method is employed If it cures. Bat if It does not aare he soon begins to donbt tbe skill of tho physloian, and inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes If aomo influence induoes in vestigation beforo it is too lato. Mr. E.'W. EdmondBon, of Moibonrao, writes, Ootobor 21, 1890; "During ths past 16 years I havo been ailing periodically from a sorious affection of tho ktdneye, and in lattor years my 00m- plaint became more aouto, so that I was fre quently seized with stabbing pains in tho book. I had often prolongod headsehos, tba result of livor disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about a mora serious disease. Finally I tried the effoots of Waraor'e safe onre, and not until thon did I experionoo any amelioration in my condition. Tho nee of tbfa mcdioine epcodily wrought a great ohango and four bottles offootcd a oomplote oure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwiok, of Lonsdale Street, Melbourne, says: " October 30, 1890.— For aomo years I havo bean suffering from frequent attacks of gravol, ofton with unbear able pains in ths back and right side, and my digestive organs woro also oat of order. In addition I was afflioted with oongestion of tho liver and periodical headaohoa of a aovere natnre , My suffering was qulokly removed when re sorting to Warner's safe ouro, of whioh I took fonr bottles, when the acnte pains in the right side, oaneed by tho congestion of tho liver, ooased, while my kidneys, wore restored to hosltby action." 