BALZACS FRIENDSHIPS. (London Globe.) The life of Honoré de Balzac tells us once again that although people continually cry out for originality they invariably snub it when it does appear. Originality is an acquired taste, like the eating of olives or garlic, and originality to a large section of tho puphe is dis- tasteful. This fact was apparent to Balzac at a very early period of his literary career. And, as he refused to the end of his short life to follow Byron's practised wisdom expressed in the following truthful lines — This is an age of oddities let loose Where different talents find their different use; You'd best begin with truth, and when you've lost your Labour, there's a sure matter for imposture he had the doubtful satisfaction of experiencing the " cold, pain, and hunger, and all fleshly ills," which stared Wordsworth in the face and awoke him to moral cowardice during his year's residence in France. Bal- zac's genius, in fact, had a strictly artistic tutoring; poverty inspired him, and duns whipped up his spirits with quite astonishing regularity and patience. Debts with him were deeds to be done. Very fauthfully he them, but the struggle of his art with the artifice of the the time never reached a quite successful issue during his lifetime. He died when Paris opened her step- motherly arms to him from the effects of overwork and his books won a posthumous victory. He, as an artist needed a touch of the charlatan. He Ioved Englishmen of talent, but he forgot to follow their example in this respect — very unhappily for himself. Balzac was well aware of this and many another sign of the times. Yet he preferred to battle with his own canon of truth, turning to many noble women to find that sympathy for his labours which the critics of the press denied. Born at lTurs on May IG, 1799, he, after qualifying for the law, was established by his father in a Parisian attic near the library of the Arsenal, where he made a bold shot for poetic honours. He chose "Cromwell" for a subject, but, to use his own words, he had a " lack of any gift of verse-making." The critics were quite of his opinion; and one of them remarked that the eminent regicide had received a merited though posthumous, butchery. The poem, however, is certainly interesting, because the letters he wrote about it to his sister Laura give us a side glance at the young poet's life and thoughts. "If you only knew the difficult of such work," he writes. "The great Racine took two years in polishing 'Phedre;' and it is the despair of poets. I seek for inspiration in long rambles. Up the heights of Pere Lachaise I go, and in these walks I find good fat inspiring thoughts, and make studies of sorrow for Cromwell. True sorrow is so diffi- cult to paint, for, above all things, it demands simplicity." When the poem proved a stillborn crea- tion, he wrote again to Laura:— "What use will good fortune and pleasure to me when my youth is gone? What is the costume to the actor if he cannot perform the part? the old man has, when all is said, had his feast; he can afford to watch others while they eat. But I am young and hungry, and there is nothing on my plate, Laura, Laura! my two immense desires, and my only ones — to be famous, to be loved — will they ever be satisfied?" This union of fame and friendship was the haunting peculiarity of Balzac's mind. It is found in all his letters. From one frenzy or fever of affection he fell into another, with quite startling rapidity. And all his friendships stood on a "basis of intellectual sympathies and instinctive liking." Of course there was an egotistic side to his "intimacies of the heart." He found women had more time to bestow on every detail of his busy life, and more patience in listening to his outpourings, Mdme. de Girardin lis- tened to him, and, although there is no proof of any particular intimacy with Georges Sand, it was his firm conviction that she would not have failed to understand his circumstances as so many did. "She knows no small rivalries," said he. He saw in her that large-mindedness which frequently comes to women who cut the traces of the wedding ceremony. But tho intelligent Mdme. de Bern was the first friend in whom he felt a passionate interest. She was several years older than he, and in 1825 she saved him from ruin by paying his debts. This he never forgot. The action transformed her into "an angel" in his eyes. "In my greatest troubles she sustains me by word and deed of devotion." In 1836 she died; and the deep affection he ever felt for her became so sacred to him that he rarely spoke or wrote about it. Not even to Mdme. Zulma Carraud, a girl- friend of Balzac's sister, did he menotin the name of Mdme. de Berny; yet there was no romance in intimate relations with Mdme. Carraud, and everything else, be it of love or of business, was duly brought her notice. This unimpassioned friendship was an immense rest to the restless writer. Her calm advice was always followed, and much of the best work that Balzac has given us was done during the long visits which he made to her country houses at Angouleme and Fraperies. His mad passion for the Duchesse da Castries must be particularly mentioned and carefully remembered. Scandal has had her venomous say, but we prefer "to sympathise with Balzac, and not to condemn the Duchesse de Castries." Hers was a magnetic nature which drew the writer from his work to Aix and nearly into Italy. He came, he says in a letter to Mdme. Caraud, "to seek little and to seek much: much because I am seeing a woman who is gracious and loveable; little, because I shall never be loved by her." This "much" he enjoyed a month at Aix-les-Bains; but at Geneva the "little" realised itself in an inexplicable way They parted, without an actual quarrel; the "fire of friendship bad gone out." And although she wrote to him again proposing a re- newal of tho old understanding, whatever it was Balzac wisely but very delicately refused the invita- tion, because he "felt it would be to risk an esteem which he desired to keep." Then came a purely literary cameraderie with the Duchese d'Abrantet, and then an epistolary interchange of wild words and vows with an anonymous lady (Louise), to whom Balzac wrote rather like a love- strickedn schoolboy in answer to many letters of admiration from her. But he never saw her, and the matter ended. And now we have reached his friendship with Eveline de Hankska, a Polish lady, to whom Balzac was married a few months before his death. She was married, of course, for the sequestra- tion of the unmarried in France thrusts the office womanly sympathy on to the shoulders of the wedded. It is supposed that they met at an hotel at Neuchatel in the September of 1835; but the first letter from the one to the other which we know of that from Balzac, dated 1838, in which he says:— "You, who know my whole life" — for the great novelist delighted to babble about his life, his past love affairs, and the continual state of climax or of anti-climax of his money affairs. Mdme de Hauska travelled much, and wherever she was a letter would certainly reach the hands or Balzac. Sometimes her husband was with her, but generally she was alone. But her daughter was always with her. The Count was generally detained by the administration of his great estates and Vierscholovnia. He knew the writer, whoever, and, liking him, had asked him to the Russian home. Balzac refused. Years passed on, and in 1848 the husband died, and Balzac's "protestations of affection" became more urgent. Strange to say, although the charming widow travelled with him and opened her house to him, she waited seven years before she relinquished the weeds. The marriage took place in the March of 1859, and in the August of the same year Balzac died. the de- scription of his death by Victor Hugo is one of the most harrowing in its realism that we know of. "On the 18th of August," he writes, "my wife, who had been to see Mdme. de Balzac during the day, said to me, 'Balzac is dying." I made haste . . . After the Revolution of February, he had gone to Russia, and had married there. Some time before his departure I had met him on the boulevard. He was complaining at the time and he seemed to breathe hur- riedly. In May, 1850, he returned to Paris, married, rich, and dying. His legs were already swollen. Four doctors examined him. One of them, Monsieur Louis, said to me onthe 6th of July, 'He hasn't six weeks to live.' . . . Having left the table then, I took a carriage to the Rue Fortunée, No. 14." A weeping woman let him in. "The woman left me. The candle scarcely illu- mined the magnificent Pourbus the magnificent Holbein, on the walls. The bust of marble like the ghost of the man who was about to die. The odour of corpse pervaded the house. Mon- sieur Surville entered, and I asked to see Monsieur de Balzac. We crossed a corridor and mounted a staircase crowded with vases, statues and enamels. Another cor- ridor — I saw a door that was open. I heard a sinister noise — a rough and loud breathing. I was at Balzac's bed-chamber. The bed was in the middle of the room, Balzac supported on it, as best he might be, by pillows and by cushions taken from the sofa. I saw his profile, which was like that of Napoleon. An old sick-nurse and a servant of the house stood one on either side of the bed. I lifted the counterpane and took the hand of Balzac. the nurse said to me, "He will die about dawn.' I came downstairs again, bear- ing away with me the memory of that livid face." Thus Balzac died inches fifty-first year, the greatest of all French novelists, to whose extraordinary talents Mr. Frederick Wedmore along among English critics has done fair justice. \--------------------------- Great preparations are being very quietly made for the removal of the 88 coffins from the "Furs- tengruft" in the crypt of the Berlin Cathedral, before the rebuilding of the Berlin Cathedral is commenced. In this vault the rulers and princes of Prussia have been buried for some centuries past, and the last coffin brought into the atmosphere of the damp and dreary vault was that of little Prince Waldemar, the son of the Emperor and Empress Frederick. Many of the old coffins are in a condition which makes their removal an impossibility unless thorough repairs of them are first undertaken. Much of the damage is due to the fact that for many years the vault was inundated when ever a wet season caused the Spree to rise above its usual level, and in the floods of 1830 the vault was completely swamped. The oldest among the coffins are of lead, and will have to be soldered before they can be moved. A couple of hours' journey above Vienna, on the Danube is the convent and school of Melk, as picturesque us any Rhine castle in Nibetungenleid. The pretty little market town, a Vienna correspon- dent says, has just celebrated its thousandth anniversary. The beginnings of the little town are found in an old document dated 890, in which it is mentioned that a very fine medal was coined to com- memorate its foundation. The famous Abbey was founded in 1089, but it was rebuilt in the first part of last century. It has a magnificent church, all gold and marble, a splendid library with a large number of manuscripts, and in its treasure-room is the famous cross of Melk, a masterpiece of the goldsmiths art, almost a yard high, its beautifully chiselled gold in- crustrated with pearls and precious stones. It dates form 1363. Professor Forel, of Zurich, has been observing the ants and other insects which, contrary expectation, abound in the sands of the Sahara of Algeria and Tunis. A host of beetles and other in- sects congregate about the sparse vegetation of the desert, some preying on other animals others living on leaves and excrement. Even the sals have a parasite in the shape of a small beetle which clings to their antenna without seeming to incommode the bearer, and is thus carried to and fro with more celerity than on its own legs. Professor Forel remarks that the ants this region are very peaceful. they avoid fighting, and be found only one individual capable of piercing the human skin. 