To the lies ewe. When an frtiele is brought forward and all its patrons praise it, and allow thnt it pos sesses tho properties that the manufacturers olaim for it, and which possesses virtures and merits which are universally acknowledged both by press aud public, such endorsement must really must prove beyond tho slightest shadow of a doubt the intrinsic merit of thnt articlo-.t The unpa-rallolled success which has ittonded the introduction of Cl-EiiEJiTS Ionic :o suffering mankind and the universal prai e jestowed npon it by influential and well tnown persons in the community, are con ;lusively proves that this article is undoubtedly rcnuino. Clements Tonic has dono moie jood in the last two years in Austialia than ill tho other medicines put together can ever jlaira to have done, and there is. not a city, town, village or street but what there ar«i people resident in who are willing to testify lo tho wonderful efficacy of this renowned remedy. For instance Mrs. Bowie, Ashton House, Newman-street, Nowtown, N S. W., writes : — Dear Sir,— Having been a sufferer for many years from Indigestion and being treated by numerous doctors without benefit, I had given up my case as nearly hopeless whon I was strongly advised to take a course of Clements Tonic, .Like thousands of others I did not believe in advertised remedies, but reluctantly consented. It is unnecessary to describo the various painful and disagreeable symptoms which the dyspeptic suffer, they are only known to themselves. Before I had finished one large bottle I felt almost a new woman, the result cannot be described as anything less than marvellous. I never intend in future to be without Clements Tonic in tho house and am only too happy to recom mend it at all times. Thomas (Jarrett, Esq., M.P., (late Minister for Lauds, N. S. W.,) sayS :— Dear Sir, — I have used Clements Tonic with very great advantage. It is very stimulating and a powerful aid to appetite and digestion. Sydney Cunuingham, Esq., 70 Watkm-streot, Nowtown, N. S. W., writes as follows :— Desr Sir,— Haying beeu a long sufferer from Neuralgia, which weakened me considerably, and using various remedies without benefit, I was induced to . Rive Clements Tonio a trial and am pleased to in form you that the result exceeded my utmost expectations, and after taking 5 large bottles I feel better than ever I did in my life betoro. HIV wife and other members of our family have used it with equal success, and I .can strongly recommend it to others suffering in a like manner, and offer you this unsolicited testimonial to use as you think fit. John Plummor, Esq., Noah Willoughby, N. S. W., says:— -Dear Sir,— I may state that Sirs. Pluminer hus frequently derived great benefit from the use of Clements Tonic, and as a result of her experience has much pleasure in recommending it to all others. We shall be glad to bend full particulars of this remedy on reooipl of your address. Write to Clements Tonic Laboratories, Newtown, N. S. W., for corapleto list of references. Ccements Tonic can be obtainod of all Chomists and Storekeepers. Mr. Astor, tho American millionaire, has token a house in West London at a rental of £ 5000 a year. It has transpired that when his son was recently married in America the bridegroom omitted to say, ' With all my worldly goods I thee endow.' Thn omission has beon much commented on by tho friends of tho bride. , , , u i Man is cold as ioe to truth, but hot as firo to falsohoood. Fame is but tho breath of tho people, and that often unwholesome. Shallow men believe in. luck ; Btrong men believo in oauso and effect. God has never had any uso for people who had no business of tboir own to attend to. English judges declared that th.» dishornors of cattle wore guilty of cruelty. Five judg™ in Edinburgh have revorsod the decision. Thoy regard tho dishorning of cattlo aa necessary in the interests of tho cattle themselves. Two women und a man were admitted to a hos pital in Dublin suffering from wounds which thoy alleged had been inflicted by ghosts. A man of independent means was sent to gaol for two months for making alterations in iho Harleian manuscripts at tho British Museum, thus rendering them useless. Tlieso documonts wero used as evidoneo of pedigreo in tho House of Lords and were priceless. 