FAITH IS NURSE. TO LOVE. Faith is one of the best friends of love. as jealousy is its worst enemy. It has been said, and with some truth, that no one loves who fiiidsit impossible to be jealous Yet it is also true, that one does not love well without feeling an almost perfect faith in the object ,f thlat love. While: love in its earliest stages, while there is no fixed assurance of affection, a look, a word, a whisper, will fire the anxious heart with the most jealous flames-' triflen light as air' will be as 'proofs of holy writ;'.and he is always ready to say, 'She is flirting wiith me." . And she isonly too apt to believe that, * After all, he does not love me.' . But when once two people understand each other, when they have exchanged the vowsaof betrothal, or are actually married, Faith should fold her wings in their hearts, and neither should dare to doubt the other lightly. It is rarely that a nianr does doubt a woman. Our lives are spent under the protecting shadow of home. Only a few- of .the many. maids and matrons whom we know-haive any secrets in -their lives. - In res pectable society -women are almost all good, and men.know it.: But men go oat into their world, leaving us to.guess at 'their whereabouts. ' Rumour ascredits them with ' ways that are dark; and tricks that are vain,' and women tell each other ghost 'stories in the twilight. . So, if a wcman's love be a light thing-a com-, pound of admiration and tickled vanity, as it some times is-let a whisper be breathed, a shadow cross her path, and away 'goes Faith, aiid Jealousy sits yellow-eyed upon,the threshold of her heart and dives out Love.- Bit- if she loves well--if it is the man himself whom she holds -dear, and not his out ward seeming; if she knows that he loves her as) well, and there is more between them than ilattery and kisses, why, then, woman is more strong of heart than man, and she needs only the assurance of his lips to belive him true, though the whole world whispered slanderous falsehoods to her,- and a host of jealous women strove to poison her happi ness. Faith is nurse to love; without her he starves death; and the moment one really doubts another it is- only a memory of affection that lingers-not the;affection itself. That is banished; and only whendoubt derparts will it return again. The world is full of 'wicked slandermongers, and there are mairy who hate to see others happy. Only with the shield of perfect faith upon her bosom can the wife guard- herself from those enemies who would drive love from her home ; and I think that, if true love has bound her to her husband, she will find it there without seeking for it, and 'she will wear it all her life. - I The Prince:f:u-W'ales'is coitidired to be one ,f =tbh ne;L artrairtpiarcc phye~ t En -.nld. 