ODD N1OTES. ";0E d?0 ; at tlhe table of the late Dr Pearce(Dean of Ely), just as the cloth wwas removing, the :subject of- discourse haipienied to be that' of an extraordinary mortality amongst the lawyers. "We have lost," said a gentlemen, " not less than sis eminent barristers in as many months." The Dean, who was quite deaf, rose s'liis friend finished his remark, and gave the company grace :-" For this, and every other merJ, the Lord's name be praised !" A sronsillustrative of the generality of adiiltediition is told in the Iowa Dairy ndul Farm J'urnal. Three house-flies, travel ling in'company, found their way into a certain dining-room. On looking round, they espied sitting upon the table a sugar bowl, the'cream pitcher, and a' plate of fly poisot. The first fly rushed for the sugabbow and and fter eating for a moment fell into a spasm, and died from the effects of ilum and nitric acid contained in the sugar... The second fly began to sip'from the cream pitcher. It, too, -soon died from contraction of the stomach, caused by the lime water in the milk.' The othpr fly, in despair at the death of its fellowsa,coneluded that the .sooner..t. died the sooner it would be at Test, so it tiiukt t;ithe 'plate of jiisoii, buttiliat, too, was so adulterated that the fly not only did not die, but lived and grew fat'in enatingit. .M:Ns.TA-tburdens willibe "fai?, r' m aily borne if they are placed, as. much .as practicable, nut of sight. When we gaze upon them they increase in size. When in our thoughts we emphasise and dwell upon them, they sometimes grow almost unbearable. It is well enough to face trouble when it comes to -us, to measure it and know its weight, that we may sum mon up courage and strength sufficient to endure it-; but this done, let us place it where it may no l]ager be.in constant sight-let us carry itlmanfully and bravely, but not drag it to thelight, to dwell upon its weight, and to' claim sympathy for being obliged to bear it. When the emphasis of life is laid on the cheerful and attractive side,' its real bmurdens will be borne lightly, happiness will abound and be diffused, and the value of life be ? ultiplied tenfold. - THE tallow'tree is a native of the island of Chusan, and quantities of oiland tallow are extracted from its fruit, which is gathered when the tree has lost its leaves. The twigs bearing the fruit are cut down, and the seed is stripped off and put into a wooden cylindrical box, open at one end and pierced with holes at the opposite one. The box is then suspended in a cylin diical kettle containing' water, and the diameter of which differs but little from that of the box. The water is then made to boil, and the steam, penetrating into the box, softens the seeds and facilitates the separation of the tallow. After about .a quarter of an hour's exposure to steam t-he seeds are poured into a stone mortar, where they are stirred about until all the tallow has been separated in a semi-liquid state. It is afterwards' poured into a cylinder with a hole at the bottom, through which it is driven by the action of apress. It comes out perfectly white, free from all impurities, and soon becomes solid. THE Rev. Dr. Hanson, of Chicago, recentlylectured at Chautaqua, his subjeet being "Fools." Rev. Dr. Vincent, who is somewhat of a wag, introduced himuas follows - .... .. S"We are now to have a letture on fools by one-(long pause and loud laughter)- of the wisest men of the country."' The lecturer advanoed to 'the desk, and respouded as follows:- - "I am not half so big a fool as Dr. Vincent-(long pause and loud laughter) -would have you suppose." AT one time it was necessary for the oldest clergyman in the diocese (Rev. Dr. - Moore, of Richmond, S.L) to open the convention, in the absence of a bishop. Dr. Moore was a plain country parson, and the new honor stunned him so that he did not know how to act. He went up te Dr. Tyng for advice. "What shall I do when I get up there?" he inquired, anxiously. "Do?" said Tyng, who was provoked at such timidity on the part of his senior; "the Lord put a word into the mouth of Balaam's ass, and I suppose He will put one into yours. Get up and go ahead." FROM an English paper we learn that an extraordinary exhibition was lately given by a company of deaf mutes, mem- t bers of the London Benefit Dramatic Club. "Hamlet" was selected for the 1 occasion, and the dialogue was spelt out on the fingers of the performers. A youthful interpreter endeavored to mend matters by reading aloud the text for the benefit of such as could hear. It would seem, however, that he was scarcely well qualified for the post, since he is said to have called Ophelia's father "Polnus," and spoken of " funeral 'barked' meats." Be likewise attributed to Hamlet-"Bring with thee ' hares' from heaven ;" and he asked why the Ghost's "canzoned "bones "'revisest' thus the glimpses of the moon." He was also responsible for msaking Hamlet refer to his soul as "im moral" as itself." He said that Hamlet, perc, contrasted with Cltudius, was ' Hepperin' to a 'styre;'" and that the former had "hypocrite" curls. But, perhaps, he excelled himself when he addressed Gertrude- "Lay not that flat tering ' unicorn' to your soul." The audience must have had a good time. Tax name of Mrs. William S. Bates deserves to be enrolled on the scroll of brave women. Everyone who reads the subjoined extract from a recent Chicago paper will regret that her end was such a terrible one:-" A fire broke out at No. 86 ecrnon Park-place. Mrs. Bates Ictd rescued one of her children from the burning building, and was rushing in to rescue the other two and her mother, when a milkman, who had arrived on the scene, tried to prevent her. 'Stop, wonman,' 'e shouted; 'you eannot go sn there and coma out alive.' Be leaped rom his cart and caught her by the arms. There came a wail from her perishing hoys within. This decided her. Break lag from the man's grasp, Mrs. Bates dashbed into the hall and disappeared in tie merciless flames. She was never again seen alive. Facing the blindling fery of scorching heat and smoklie, the trave mother, as afterwards shown, reached the middle bedroom, snatched up another of her children, and started back. But she could ntot reach the free ar agaain. At the front window, withirs si feet of the front door, the brave onther's bIlackened remains were found wthb thoe of the boy clasped in her' strched arms." 