.1-.-!-r-rl U.//I ? BAPTIST UNION "' "I The annual meetings of the Baptist Union i of Tasmania were commenced vest' early, morning at Hobart Tabernacle, at 10 o'clock. Proceedings opened with devotional, meeting, conducted by Mr. Douglas Smart, and Pastor H. D Archer delivered an appropriate addiW from Acts a 4, "They, were all filled with the Holy She-'." .' ' At 11.30 the session of the Onion was opened. The President (Pastor McCullough) occupied the chair, and the proceedings were commenced by devotional exercises, conducted by Mr. H. Ratcliff. The minutes of the year's Council meetings were then read for the edification of mern here. Letters from the churches were not read as usual, the chief eli characteristics of them having been incorporated in a paper subsequently read by Pastor Chamberlain. Pastor A. J. Clarke, late of Sydney, was received into the Union as a new member. I The PRESIDENT gave him the right hand of fellowship, and PaslbrOLABKE icspond¿d,ói-l greasing the' hope that he might be of some use to the Union. A letter of apology was read from Pastor Wood, of Sheffield, who is suffering from indisposition, and it was agreed to despatch a telegram of sympathy to him. The Rev. J. A? Soper and Mr | Win. White, of Sydney, were welcomed as visitors, and associated with, the Union, during the session for the purpose of discussion. it is if I he I Rev, H. G.I Blacktown i nominated as Vice President and returned, unopposed. | Mr T. J'. Soundy was disunited' as treasurer, and unanimously elected. For the office of secretary, Pastors Chamberlain and Archer were nominated, add a ballot will take place today. The following were nominated for the council Pastors Wood, I McCullough, Chamberlain, Archer, and Clarke; MessfVGibBon (sent.), TV. Gibson, (junr.), H. Ratcliff, S. Pitt, T. Hortle, and! Douglas Smart. ' It was deemed! advisable by the Union to have a Board of Examination for incoming pastors and new workers in Tasmania. After, some discussion,, it was resolved,, "That this assembly' approves of the appointment of a Board of Examination." Pastors Walton,, McCullough, Clarke, and E Blackie were asked to form a committee to strange said Board.' i 9 Attention was called to the fact that! notice of motion was received a year ago, " That officers' and members of the Council be members of the Union ex oilcloth also, " That provision be made for personal members." It was resolved to give effect to the notice by the following resolution, which was adopted,-" The attention of the As a sembly having been called to the reading of the first and second clauses of the rules of the Union, interprets those rules to mean that all officers and members of ; the Council are members of the Assembly ex officio, and that we understand that they shall, remain in office till the end of the annual meeting, at which their successors are appointed." The following resolution was also proposed and, carried-That this addition be made to the second rule The Union may also have' personal members who may be elected on the ground of service to,, the. Baptist Dear nomination by the vote of the Assembly, such members to be elected annually." Subsequently the following resolution was passed : " That to day we elect our esteemed friend, Mr. Wm Gibson, of Native Point, Perth, as a personal member of the Union; that we iilBO recognise the i services he has rendered to the Union in past years, and at the same time convey our sincere thanks to his wife as co-worker with him." Letters were read I in, reference to now work at Lebrina, asking the Union to materially help. ,, The following resolution, was carried : " That the Union asks the Launceston Baptist Church to 'take the matter of Lebrina in hand, they having the full sympathy of the Union in such undertaking. 'Allester was read from Wynyard Table Cope, asking the Union to support a Baptist Church there ) A committee was appointed to prepare a report on this matter for presentation to-day. at 2 3 and 4 The session adjourned 'for a dinner, the ministers and delegates dining at the Coffee Palace. i " ' j \- At '3 o'clock there wass meeting of Assembly, presided over by the pi guide t. After prayer,. Pastor J. CiiAMnKW.AiN read an interesting paper on "The State of the Churches as shown by their reports," in course of the paper he gave statistics of the denomination as follows Memebers, 510, Sunday school scholars, 3RD and teachers 81. Comparing the number of members on the rolls of the churches for the year 1800 with the previous year, it was found that Perth reported an increase of 11, Devonport nil increase of seven, Hobart an increase of six, and Longford an increase of three, whilst on the other hand LaunCeston, Deloraine, and Latrobe reported a decrease of two members each. The net increase for the year was 21, A free and useful discussion ensued, after which a resolution was passed, conveying thanks to Mr. Chamberlain for his excellent paper. and instructing that, after revision, it be printed in the Day filar. Mr. W. Kknnek read a carefully-prepared paper on "The Church and the World." After some discussion, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Kenner, and he was requested to hand over his paper to the editor of the Day Star for publication. The assembly closed. In the evening there was a public meeting at the Tabernacle. Pastor McCullough presided, and there was a fairly good attendance The meeting was opened with praise and prayer. Pastor McCui.M)Uoii delivered an address as retiring president, in course of which he said that they met in the interests of the Baptist Church. They stood by its name and the principles embodied therein, but while doing so they did not ignore the Lord's people called by other names. The Church of Christ was a great gathering of all that believed in Christ, and it was absurd for any denomination to say that believers were confined to their ranks. It was the part thinking it was the whole that led to thin mistake. The difference that existed among Churches was more of method than anything else. He did not, however, disparage denominationalism. TI icy as Baptists, while recognising Christian brethren everywhere, testified to a certain ordinance and principles, and a certain method of doing God's work. He introduced as his SUCCESSOR- to the presidency the Rev. J. E Walton. The newly-elected President then delivered an inaugural address, taking as his subject the relation of the Holy Spirit to Christian life and work. He referred to the fact diatribes subject was down for consideration at the Union meetings in England, and also had been chosen by Pastor Archer that morning for Jua address.'! He said that Christ and his disciples laid stress on the upper accept the work of the Holy, Spirit and dweltü pen His subject at length, showing that in the first place the Holy''Spirit'was the author of our spiritual life, and that the power of the Spirit was required to for many our whole spiritual life. 2 A great deal of the lukewarmness of to day v. as owing' to the want of association of the' Spirit in course tion with Christian life and service. lim essential of success in Christian life was that .ovoiymembor should he entirely consecrated to God and baptised with the Holy Spirit, each one doing" the work next to" his hand according to the principle of every man to his unworked and each leading a true and blameless life. That Holy fine welcome not through the fingers of, a Bishop, but in response to prayer, and if they were killed within Spirit, he believed they would'rocoive' a Pentecostal blessing He thanked the brethren for the honour conferred upon him, and hoped the result of the meetings would redound to the glory of God, and lesson spiritual darkness. ,' ( , Rev. J. A Soper, of Sydney, referring to the President's address, said that the great need of, to-day and the power, of the Holy, Spirit, not only to rent w their spiritual life, but to rest on them in that country which would give them special power for, the work they had to do 'it was there with the dis- ciples. In the course of nature resting address, he gave instances of rev also that had taken place through the influence of the Holy 'Mpiiit.'-partioiilarly one in connection: with his own church in Sydney, in which Pastor] McCullough took part. He suggested that! during the year now entered upon there should be meetings held for the special pur- pose of receiving . the power of the Holy Ghost. " >" ! Pastor A. J. CLARKE said it was a joy! to attend these meetings, as tone met so' many former follow students-or "Spur-, good men, as they were called. He was' rejoiced at, the good , work is carried, on in Hobart by Pastor McCullough ; his praise was in all the Churches, und',tl)0ro was, not, a colony but would not consider it a gain to see him across the Straits Now how over, that he (the speaker) Iliad'como to Tasmania; he hoped Pastor McCullough would remain and continue his good work in the colony. He delivered an earnest and impressive address,, in which he'! advocated a special week of prayer in all the churches, as, if Auátraliáj'^com'pnred, with' the' mass 'of population, fpw'jwotfo saved. He gave a lively account of revivals at Castlemaine, and Echuca, and fervently expressed the, hope that similar blessings would speedily he felt in Tasmania The meeting closed with praise and prayer. ? ' . -' To-day there will bea Zenana missionary breakfast at fe, devotional meeting at 10, session at 11.30, assembly at 3, and evening meeting at 7.30, when the association soul men will be preached by Pastor A. J. Clarke, with communion service to follow. ' ' 