HOME AND FIRESIDE. Bassb GooseqeeexEcsdin-o.— Cut the tope tails from 21b.' of green goosebenie, and stew them in only sufficient water to prevefat them from burning, then m&rh; them through a coarse sieve into a basin. Add three weff- beiten -eggs, Inn -of butter, and suScamt breadcrumbs to form the whole into rather a stiff mixture;: sweeten it to taste. Lay<& "border of puff paste round a pieduJi. and place the pudding in the ceptxe, havicewl beaten It. Bake it for rather mpre.thanhalf-anhcux, and serve. . - Guxen Fea& — Having shelled a suitable quantity of crisp peas, ret them iu a cool plaee, wash the pods, and cook them in as little water a. n>u«Ma or +Iia rvnrlc Kani HnifeA hfilf ton hour, stzam the water, boil the peas in it 30 'ininBfa (or less it they one- very smalll, and seaacra with salt aod pepper, and either butter or sweet fqw", as pxefexred. If peas exalo be served with sweet-breads, cr heaped benedh chops, they must have no liquid with them, hat when sent to table by themselves, the water _ in which they were boiled should always be ponied over them. Salad of To hato ts, — Dro p tomatoes of about equal size into boiling water ; in five \- minutes remove the tilri and set the tomatoes where they will become perfectly cold. Just -before serving time, divide them in halves, cutting than across their widest parts; drain cut the juice, and place one piece with its cot side onwards on' each serving plate beneath one or hwo leaves of white, crisp lettuce. Poor over each portion a tablespoocful of French dressing, jruvch should be made of twice aa muchou aa vinegar, because tomatoes require more encumbers. . Add salt and pepper to teftiT. and eerse with bread or cold wafers. st» uruy mil i.k with whiffed caeax.— Whip the cream, and place twotablcspoonfals of it on each fruit plate or saucer. Wash the etrawberzies (if they need it), hull them ore- fully, arrange them in a heap upon the whipped cream en each plate, and sprinkle with pow dered sugar. Sometime) the berries are planed in a large glass or china bowl, and then plenti fully sugared, and covered with toe oeam pSEd high in the centre. Raspberries asd tiifwi are delicious with whipped Touato Sauce. — Twelve pounds tomatoes to be toiif-d 'slowly tor two hours in oue quart of water, then rub them through a colander, add three pints of vinegar, 2oz. garlic, -too. ehakitB, 4oz. white pepper, £oa. ginger, iot. mace, fez. Xoz. chillies, 41b. salt, |lb». sugar, 3Kb. applee, Ulh. sultana rairioa. Boil again -tor t blgij.lf tipx rftsm and bottle- tiriit. Tie toesmcesin muslm.. jse- a&'-eAnuaUed'pan. Thiaaa delirionv. aad.koopc welk CtiBA fob SbstBuas. »— Wash with- mdte"- flower watefT- - Blow-fues. — NaQ up a curiam : of cheap cretonne outside -all back dems .that ore gene- rally left open, darken yourxooma? leave -about 2in. of the window, open, -and all flies w31 |p> oot. 1 ma with aha cried, an Awwwww "too faHyJ" it's , a xamariqha tnlhffilici.. .yaaraeecap BntTglahoed back .ozpnrel -V WtjwhaTs KplV -I .cri,' scanning the e&rdope; ;do#ar 'A _r from Oxford, tardy. iura»; 'Wade,', of vhraf Ciuiidi-4 'ijiinght IfauirK land. . Andebeb not an American. g Well, IbokfrrfounelxV' Lucy cried, and toseed the note to ma, posting. I took it and mad I'm aware that! have the misfortxmB to. bo only a man- bat it really didn't atrike me as quite to tomfaSa: , Dear Hib. Hiancock.-7-Gearge hia just heard that your husband and you are stung lor a trip' to Kflw York rids rammer, Could you manage to do nam vary great kindness? 1 hope you won't mind it. We havemu American mend— a Eacterbrook, of Kansas City, niece of Professor Aea V. Eettorbrook, tire well-known Tale geologist — who very much wishes to find . anreoort across the Atlantic. If you would be so good as to- take charge Of her deliver har safely to Dr. Horace Etoterbrook, of Hobokra, cn your axrivalaa the States, you .would do a good turn to host and, at the same time, confer an eternal favour on' Yotua very truly, £mi WADE. Lucy folded her hands in melodramatic despair. lU Kansas City !" she exdaimed with a shudder of horror. - And Asa P. Easterhrook! A geologist, indeed I Thai horrid Mrs. Wade I. She just did it on purpose !" 44 It seems to me," 1 put ui:.ngsrding the letter closely, ' she did it merely frsoense die vroB auea 10 floa s cuafuuuaw toe gin, ana she wrote the very shortest possible note, in a, perfunctory way, to the very first acquaintance she chanced to her of who . was going to America." ' "Vernon !" my wife exclaimed with m very decided eir, " jos una ete sucb ampldons ! Yon credit everybody always with the oest and purest motives. But you're utterly wrong. I can see through that woman. The !»» fni hateful wretch ! She did it to spite me! Oh, my poor, poor boy; my -dear, guileless Bernard !" Bernard, I may mention', is our eldest eon, aged just twenty-four, and a Cambridge graduate. He's aTtntor at King's, and though no's a dear, good fellow, and a splendid long- stop, I couldn't myself conscientiously say I regard gmteteranees as quite has mott marked ' characteristic. ... ' What are you doing P1: 1 asked, as Lucy . SSI dOWn With -' tlnfa»1jr-lftterimn«3 kSr'm her writing-table in the oozner. 41 Doing!" «ny wife replied, with some aspe rity in her tone, 44 Why, answering that hate ful, detestable woman !" Iglanoed over her shoulder, ana followed her pen as she wrote : w 41 My Dear Mrs. Wade,— It was indeed a de light to us to see your neat little hand-writing again. Nothing would give us greater pleasure, I'm suae, than to take charge of your friend, who, Im confident, we shilLJmd a most charm ing companion. Bernard will he with us,-so she won't feel it dull, I trust. We hope to have a vazy delightful trip, -and jour happy thought in providing us with a travailing com panion will add, no doubt, to sill ourcujoyznent — especially Bernard's. We both join in very kindest regards to Mr. Wade and yourself, and I am over, " Yours most cordially, " liter B. HAVOOCE. ' My wife fastened down the envelope with a very crushing air. 44 There, that ought to do for her," ehe said, glancing up at ms trium phantly. "I ehould think she could see from that, if she's not as blind as au owl, I've ob served her atrocious designs upon Bernard, and mean to checkmate them. If, after each a letter, she has tfie cheek to send us her Yankee girl to chaperon, I shall consider her lost to all sense of shame and all notions of decency. But she won't, of course. She'll withdraw her un obtrusively.' And Lucy flung the peoea&t; sheet that had aroused all this wrath on to the back of the fireplace with offended dignity. She was wrong, however. By next evening's post a second letter arrived, more discomposing, if passible, to bar nerves than the first one : Afrs. Lucy B. MaiicocL, London. Dsi£ HiOix: X learn from, my friend, Mm. Wade of Oxford College, that you are going to bo kind enough to take charge of me across the ocean. I thank you for your courtesy, and will gladly accept your friendly offer. If yon will det me know by what steamer you etart, I wili register my passage right away in Liverpool. Also, if you will be good enough to tell me from What station you leave London, and by what tram, I will go along with you m the cars. I'm unused to travel alone. Respectfully, MZLISSA P. F.IR7FT.P.EOOIU ! Lucygaztd at it in dtepair. "A creature like that !" she cried, &U; horror-struck. " Oh, my poor, dear Bernard ! The ocean, she s&tb; : Go along with you in the cars: MelieBa V. i Easterhrook:" "Perfaap,tT I said tentatively, 44 she maybe better than her name. Awl, at any rate, Ber nard's not bound to marry her Lucy darted at ma profound volumes of mute feminine contempt. " The girl's pretty," she said at last, after a long deep . pause, during which I had bees hrdf to realise to the full my own utter moral and in tellectual nothingness. ' You may be sure she's pretty. lira. Wade wouldn't have foisted her upon us if she wasn't pretty, but unspeakable. It's a vile plot on her part to destroy my peace of mind. You won't believe it, Vernon, but I know that woman. -Av-d what does the girl mean by signing herself 'Respectfully," I wonder?" " It's the American way," I ventured gently tc interpose. "Sol gather," my wife answered, with a profound accent of contempt. To her, anr- xznng that isn't done in the purest Engif V way stands ivao facta self- condemned :t- mediately. A day or two later a second letter arrive- from Miss Easterhrook, in rep'v to one of , Lucy's, suggesting a rendezvous. " I confess it drew up in my mind a somewhat painful picture. I began to believe my wife's fears were in some ways well grounded. Mrs. Lucy B. Hancock, as before :1 Dear Madam,— I thank yon far yours, and will meet you on the day and boor you mention at St. Pancres Station. You will know me a hen you see me, because I shall wear a dove -coloured dress, with bonnet to and s pair of grey spectacles. Respectfully, HEU554.P. PaSTEESSOOE. I laid it down and sighed. "AisewEng land schoolmarm !" I exclaimed with a groan. 44 It sounds rather terrible. A- doTe-ooloQted dresB and a pair of grey epectades7! I fancy I can picture her to myself —a tall and bony person of a certaio age, with corkscrew cm L, who reads improving books; sndhas views of hsr own about the fulfilment of prophesy." Bert as my spirits went dowu, so Lucy's went up, like the old man and woman -in tike cottage weather glass. 4 That looks more promising," she raid. ' The spectacles are good. Perhaps, after all, drar Bernard may escape. I don't -think he's at all the sort of person to he taken with a dove- coloured bonnet." For some days after Bernard Oeue home frsni Cambridge we chaffed a good deal -anon ourselves about Miss Melima Easterbrco£ Barnard took quite my view about the spec tacles and dress. He even drew on oh envelope a fancy portrait of Mfea Easterbrook. as he mid. himself. 44 from documentary evidence." It represented a typical schoolmana of the m3st viruieut order, and was calculated to Btnke terror into the receptive mind of in- jvui cu Bimpte inspection. _ At last the day came when we were to solo Liverpool. arrived at St. Pancras in very goad time, and looked about on the platform for a tall and hard-faced person of transatlantic aspect, arreted id a dove-oolored dress and a pair of grey spectacles. But we locked in vain; noboOy abvur seemed to answer zothe description. At last Beniatdturn«lio my wife with a curiouK smile. "I think I've spotted h«f, mother," he said, wavmgbis hand vaguely 0 the -right "That Sady over yonder — bv the door of the refreshment rc-om. " Don't you ees? That must be Melissa." For are know her only ai MeUfesa already among none) res: t had been raited to the miid sank of family Witticism. I looked in the direction he -suggested and ptusedforcsrbiinty. There irresolute by the door and guzizs about her tfnridlr, with in- quiring eyn. stood the prettiest, tiniest, mcst shrinking JsltJ? Westera girl you ever sawiu yc-t life— attired, as -she said. Ca n. -dove oolwred dre.>ff wi;h boLn<?t to match, andu : pair of grev p- .varies. Lat ob, what a dove- ' ; -coloured dress! Walter t:'nuie sj|ght hsve 1 designed it— on? -of those perfect tra veiling cos- \ koines of which tie Atsenso giris sees to ' possess- tconoply: and the epectadee-wr lh he spectach. though undocbtofilv fmff--added \- ymfa touch piquancy to an otherwise aloietf ' gainfully timid and zebrtnglHUe figsie. 'The tmomat I st eyes on wfilcand tdly admit, X was her etpvrest tries : and even Lucy, he she looked artir/idusd "Iter fsoe involuntarily mto sl eympathulic write. As axulo, Lucy might pose as a pfzfect sabdri cf the British « ltvon m her ampler and -maimer yeir — " calmly hwthle.h as an \- Aawrioaii ribvrrvvT once deeent- od -the emis ; Jbdt at right ttsfim die melted vrithoat a stroggie. "irPodr weelRtie UungT Howj)iy is V the exdrimed with a atari; Yovwal readily admit Gmi -was % great -deal, :from buy. j - . 1 . llelissa'caine £orwaxdrttnfatively, a-Aaihty MaAlaifjangaitirriditaMle ajidBaUcafe little chqgk- WwrfiriHdrrfbeasgin vy inqairingtane; wub theintod; atttptriori of ah iharerican jhA.musual amaB was wiiett was iiw; aa'aa,! -mmt witiiSeimBdeiicSSBgtili&fco; her fare, < f 1 beorielfiB. ¥sde tdaue yon!d be u kurih to me as & mother, and the moment I saw yopi> I just said to inyself,'1 That- must, be Mrs. Hancock, -she's bo" sweetly motbalj.' Hovt good of you to burden yourself with a. atrangrir ? hkemel ' Ib6pemdteS5-WoiTtbeftoo jnaaif trouble.9 ' - 'J - - 1 ' i That was the beginning. I may as weU say," first as last, we w ere all of us taken by storm right away'lbyMelflsa. Lucy (Haseif struck her flag anooBditioiially before a subeiot mt fired, mid Bernard ana l, hard hit at all points, surrendered at discretion. She was the moA? charming little girl the human raTi con- - ceive. Our cola F.nglisb lengnsge fails, in its mnghapas ,to,Masm«. _ber, Kis, viiownne graeeful, fau-lite,yret; whay5uidn . of Yankee quainfeess and a drions espihjlcrir ', Giat made her ebacdtririy uiuqueintisy experi ence of. woman.- ITc had :entijely lost our hearts to her before bvbt we readied Liverpool: ' and, strange to way, I briieva the xme. of 11s < wbosa heart was mcompbtdygois lina, - ff ' aver, as iteeemad'Ta" me, . was 'her: perfect 1 frankness. As whirled lilongon jour way across Engandl she told us everything about . heraelferfauiyffaa friends, her neighbours; , and the riannlaticn of Kansaa citr in ueneral. Not obtrusively - or -egotistically — of egotism Melisa would be" wholly ineapabls— bdt in a certain, Mwfiiiiwg, Atp wayT as of the lost littieirl, that WAs absolutely capti vating. " Oh, jno, .ma'am,".' ehe said, in answer to. one of Lucy's 'elaznest questions, 41 1 didn't come,' over alone. X think I'd be , afraid to. I came wiQx„a' whole squad ofns who were doiM Europe." A -rdtninent lady in Kansas ritr took charge of the rouareloL .And I got as far as Borne, with mem; -through Getmanyand Switsariaridj and&s;&'my mcmey wouldn't run to itanytiuther, so Ihadtogo back. TrsTBlImg oomeB' high .in £mopi what with hotels, n& Sees,- and having to pay to get your baggage checked-. And that's I cunt to want anesooit-" . j - "Beriiard smiled good- natnredly. <Th£ayo had. only A fixed, su2n/v..he. asked, j'tiimake jsa? Eoropetn toor TOh.- . -rv'- r> ; < . Thafis sOj air," .McEssa.-4 aastvered , loSking -upthimqdizrically ffiitragS those pretty grey -spectacles. ,V1 put away quite wrhttle sum of my own to make this trip upon. It was my only of eeaiiig Europe and imprbving myself a piece. I knew when I started I coolda't go all the round trip with the kest of my party, but I thought I'd set oat with them anyway, and go ahead aa long as my funds hold out ; and then "when 1 was through I'd turn about and come home again." 44 Bat you put away the money yourself?? Lucy asked, with a little start of surprise, . " Yea, ma'am." MeHsss answered sagely. 44 1 know it. I saved it." "Fxomyonr allowance f" Lnty. stiasted, from the restricted horizon of her English point of view. Midissi laughed a -merry little laugh of minwHimt. . Oh, no," she - ' ftom my ' From your salary Bernard pat sc, look- down nt her with an inquiring glance.' 44 Yes, sir, that s it," Mehssa answered, all unabashed. 4> You see, for four years X was a clerk in the Post Office." She pronounced it "clwrk.!' But thafs a detail. M Oh, indeedl" Bernard echoed. He was bushing to know how. 1 could see. but polite ness forbade him to-jsass Melissa ou so delicate a point any -further. . however, herself supplied at once the missing information. "My father was Post master in our city,1" she said, simply, " the last ftSmrn?rfn»inBwynwii?ut Bhzco'e, you know — and he made me one of his clerks, of . course, when he'd gotten the place, and es long as the fun went on I saved ell my salary for a tour in Europe." ' And at the end of four yeai3 i" Xaicyseid. "Our party went out," hlelmsa put. in, con fidentially. <s3o, when the trouble began my father was dismissed. endXhsd just enough left to take me as far as Borne, as I told you. ' ' I was obliged to «pl««wi parenthetically, to allay Lucy's . "wondennoit, that in America the whole personnel cf every local Government office changes almost completely with each incoming President. 44 That's so, air.' Melissa assented, with a wise little -nod. 44 And as I didnt think it likely our folks would get m again in u huzzy— the country's had enough of ns — I just thought I'd make the beat of tx»j money when I'd got it." 44 And you used it all up in giving yourself a holiday in Europe ?" Xucy exclaimed, half re proachfully. To her economic British mind such an expenditure of Capital seemed horribly wasteful. 44 Yes, ma'am," Mellisa answered, all uncon scious of the faint disapproval implied in Lucy 's tone. 44 Yon see, I'd never been anywhere much away from Ksiwrre City before, and I thought this was a special opportunity to go abroad, and visit the picture galleries and cathndials of Europe, uud enlarge my mind, and get a little culture. To as a glimpse of Europe's an intellectual necessaiy." "Oh, then, vou regardyoor visit as largely educational r" Bernara put in with increasing interest. Though he's a Fellow and tutor of King's, I will readily admit that Bernard's personal tastes lie rather in tha di?ftr>mn of rowing and football than of general, culture, but Hull tLe .American girl's point o£ view de-; cid- Lij attracted him by its novelty in - a — That's 'sjf Sir,9' Melissa' answered once .uore in her accusiomed affirmative. 4 I ; it as a sort of unlverrity trip. I graduated in Europe. In America, of course, whezeve: yon : go, all you can'see's everywhere just the saibe, purely new and American. The lamruage, Die manner, the type, don't vary. In Europe yoii cross a frontier or a ribbon of sea, and eveg> thing's different. Yoir, mfitis tcip of oun re went first to Chester, to glimpse a typical old' EngKA town— those cows/ oh! bow lovely— i . and then to Leamingtdn, tor Y«"arwick Cle and Kei.il worth. Kenilworth's just glorioda, isn't it its mimMan'n red jvu-Ub and its daik-gteen ivy, andtite ghost of Amy Robsart. walking up and down upon the dose-shaven English grass-plots." . .. 4 I've heard it's very 'beautiful," Bernard ' admitted gravely. 44 What ! you live so dose, and ycii've never been there I" in tosnkmir- ' prise. r Bernard allowed, with a smile, he had beu -SO nAjlipmt , " J " I; 44 And Stsaiiord-os- Avon, - too!" Mdima" went en enthusiastically, her nlack eyes beam ing. " Isn't Stratford just diarioing? I don't care for the interminahle . miic. . sace, you know— that's all too new .and made ' np ; we could raise a shakespeare house tike that in Kansas -City aayday ; but the church,' and the elms,. and thee wans and the rivarl I made such a sweet, little .sketch -of fttgTn 0 soft and peacefuL Ai' least, theplaoeitKlf was as sweet as a comer of heaven, and I tried as well as I could in my way to sketch it." "Isupposeitis very pretty , ' ' Bernard replied, to a meditxUive tone. .. Melissa started nsUr. ." What I have you never been there either r" tiie exclaicned, aback. 44 Well, riiat ia odd. cow ! You limin England and have atvor run over to Stratford On Avon! Uliv. vou da ammnu nu> ' . Hilt there, I suppose you English live -in tha midst of cultnre. as it were, and can get tc itallpagbi away at any time ; ee, perhaps, yon don't think quite so much of itae tie do, who have -to aava up our money, pdffiapu tor yeara, to geVfur once iu <uir livoa. juat a s ngle pa. a ng glimpse of iL You live at Cambridge, you ecet you must be steeped iu jculture z<ght down to the finger ends." k 1 . BerucrU , modestly responded, twirling his manly Qioii9!scbe, that the river aud the run ning ground, he feared, were mure in his way than uri or swchitectuie. "And where alsp old " you go besides flkurloudf' Luuy asked, really interested. | " am. frocaXnudozi we emtscrou ! bv OdcrAlo Bruges, where I Utiitsi the ! Mexniiugs and made a tow little copies ironi j them." hlelisa t answcied. with her.buuny «Diw>, ; ''Itswcua quaint U.-pUce, Bruges. ..-Life 1 seeing to flow as stagnant aa im ovru c£ual«. Have you ever beea there:" 4Oh. larmtng"' Lucy ansverfih -"mznf ceUghtfol and qtuet. -But— er-who are the Memdngs? 1 auntqurtexeooilecitheai.'' hXelisra gav-fid at 'bcr; <men«e\>d. fiTbe Mendtogs-' ehe raid, slowy: 4lwhv, vou've yastnrittod -the best thicg at fitwges ifybn haven't seen them. They've such a nrivc charsiOf tbeirowneo inndbentaxid emspatbetic. 'i hty'ro in the -Hoajiiul de St. eanlvtih khbW; ' Where them. -Andittoao deUfat. lul 4o see grear jsfetores lifcfe - thoe&s-thoagh; they Vetinyittltt- thiRge tolook at— lis thtir native e'liiTiamffingt/exily lak thev wer€tot pain'.ed— the <Si&uio; de' Ste. Vteule. And s2l fiwMCflat lovely thmga ao ' infantile Id -ttiir cpjlicHyariyetsoajtijuaitirdy gracslnl a&d; purend I don't know as T«tv anythingin -Earope -' to \ eq«al - ihoa-ltt 44 1 Lnicym- wnpiwd jBnpiwrnrmfeffalflgnSft jpmA see tiendear!11 - " .3qxs sin 1 : bfllialj'' Idunb»h£owun' unignjflcent flaen.wBivent tobfiih, rigjrelaaa. and the Paul Better; and Amsterdam -in « titofend, for JYan deHjelstjarfd' Gerard J>ow laridlffis lite ' lhjmiiaa,ywieNb:«v baAqnifpah J sxtiatto toM— weJfoUowed np 4hcl-devm<>pmmd somewhat- tbsrohlhly, still twiriingliffiis moiis- kwitaisitauid, <ndT dWeeemuSi; As'Tur-asT "can'recol- IfitUbzne theaeaznh'h theTqffirihd flillhwtiJ i . f44 Ah, riatlB aB vezr wl for yen;"- Melissa answered etftb & intherenricms oOxi ff'Ybu fan gee those thine" ttfdty. .>B«t to&cAttie; .fwjniy crimBsV only dnreftoa lifetin,jaad.we cahwfcri steamer. We bsd .& lonriilyjaa- rittbA ahff all "the?fraythe more wewaw of hwnta "thb 'more we liked bsri Ybbfestirie, Lncy: received a tembte shock the third »y out, when she asked MntigraarhatAesbtraitito do whenvhhretoxxKdto-'K&nsas; <hty. Tou won't go into the poet-offioe again, t suppose, dear.?" ssaidkmdly, forme-had go£by that rime on most friendly terihs with our jlittle MelisM; . -,' 4 iur ' fit " - t gir.not,.I)fcKssa'. hiri'irerea.'J' " ."jfa- sura luc£aQr mare. . rU hatoo bidcagiaii tothestren'jBS'ustutL9' ",-r? : , « : The tit ore !" Lucy' repeated -"bewilSered. "7 T ilnnT neib1 innlelrisiiiljlui " ' , £ . 44 Well, Mie'sdtop, I prfcamce yn a'd cMlflt, Mritssa-anbirarad, mndingi My tfatter'f fotteu a bock store iu 'KnisiejCXty. aud before went into the jiost-officel helped himat the ponnfrri InlacLl tvax his s'ftlmuyoinan-T,£.Lr a atsBDK you, Xeroo Luwjeait 'gisetdber forbavhigforisdiivr to'' confem fit, end I- don't know what way Xshimldbver have pktd-to tide my face while fihsMas riSking xbEfotA Bat with Tlriisfcr it'sbU ootiifEeisAt somehoirr Sbfi spoke arif it .waa'rire- ntosi nattisal-thine on earth for herlatiier to ioeep a Miop,. (and jtoe. didn't seem the least 4ittSe. bit in fhewarld awhanieii flf it either. « " tXby should mie?". I. answered withmy masculine, bluhthe&s.; But that was perhaps a trifie too advanced for' Lucy. Melissa was exerdsing wwraimr offiueuce bn tnr wife's -point of view with astonishiag rapiAty2; but still a petfect lady must always draw n tine somswhere. r.: All the way aczoaa.. indeed; MHiTuhlively talk wss n mmstatft detight and plrasnrw to every one ofns. £he was so tsking, thst girl, so confidential so -friandbr, , We ".reoUy loved her. Then her quaint little ATnffmAnTqnft ware as pretty as heruelf — not ozily htr 4tYo8. 6irs." wid 4 No. ma'ams." her n,I cueBa.T and41 Thafs sa,»> but her fresh Westexn Ideas and her infinite play of' fancy in theffreesf English. She turned it as a potter turns his clay. - da Britain our mother .tongue has cryslauxsed long ainbe - into "ist forms and phrases. In America- .at- has still the plasticity of yodth ; ii is fertile in novelty — nay, even in surprises. And Melissa knew .how to- twist it deftly toto quie and Incongruous conjunctionfl. Her falk ran- on like a limpid 'brook, whh a musical ripple playing over on the surce. As for Bernard, he bdped her about the ship like a brother, as she moved lightly 'around with her rlph-hke Tittie form among the ropes and capstans. ..HeSssa liked to be beiped,eheaaid; she dTdnT believe one bit in woman's rights ; no, indeed, ehe was a great deal.too fond of being -taken caxaoftor that. And who wouldn't take care of her, that del irate littto Jthing, like 'aoam: dioice .small miBhaptrfypl nnnfng «iufcniiipBli|p £ . vVliy, she almost looked as if ihe were miaeof Vene tian glass, and a fall on deck would shatter her mfn n -finomt-ntii And her talk, all the wayi was ol thejojnsof Europe —toe castles and abbeys she wasmavisg behind, toe pictures and statues ehe had seen and admired, the pictures and statues she had left ravished. 44 Somebody told mein Paris," aheaaid tome one day, as shahnxig onmyazm on deck and foiled op into my face confidingly with that childlike smile of hers, 4' the only happy time in an American woman's life is the period when she's just got over the fixst poig nant regret ol having left Europe, and loans yet reached the point when she makes up her mind that, come what will, she really must go back again. And I thought, for my part, then my happ'ness was fairly spoiled for lite, for I shall nsver bs able again to afford the journey.'' 44 Mftlims, my child," I said looking down at those ripe, rich lips, 44 in this world one never knows what may turn up next. I've observed on my way down the path of lite that when trait haags rosy-red oa the tree by the wall, so ne passer-by or other isprttty sure hi the eudtoplnckit.' Bat prhsl was -too much for Melissa's American 'modesty. She looked down itA hlntoed like a -rose herself. But sbewnswered me nothing. -- - , A night ortwo before we reached New York I was stacciog-Tn the.gloom, half by a bust oa .-the davits anudship, enjoying my j wespertinal car iu the cod of -erenlAg ; between i3if» mils I caught from time to tim» etxay snatches of a conversation going on softly in the twilight between Benzata ami-Melissa. 1 had cotioel of late, indeed, that Bernard and Melissa Walked much on dec&rin; toe evening "together; -'bat this 'particular evening they walked Tdhg hud late, and thrir conversation seemed to ane (if I might judge by fcagmrats) particularly. coufidenhaL The bits of-dt I .caught. jrere. mostly, it is true, on.Mehs&a;' put (when Bernard said anything, he — it lower. tike was talking onthiiHBstifffttly of Yenice, Borqioe, -Pisa, witbocesdSonal flying excursions into Swizeriaad .and the Tyrol. ..Qaceasshe passed I heard something murmured low aboutXtotticeUfa ' Frimavera;" when fiyitshe went by it was toe Alps- from Mfiireh! a third tone, again, it was the atfit. MkrkV. and Titiau's 4iAssnmptioOi"end the Dogea Balaoe. What so izmooesit as art, i in the moonlight, ontheocean?- . | At teat Bernard paused Just opposite avhere , latood fpr |bey didn't perceive oe) and said ' very jeaznestly-; 4 -Look here; Mtjksa" — he had caHedlier Me'-issa almost from the first moment, and toe regmfed -to prefer it,it seamed : so natui%|;4 look here, Mdisasi,' Do you know when ycu talk about "Things ltimthat you niflfa'ine fed eo '? A»nrpfl of tayrelf.' ,-h 44 Why so, Mr. -Hancock ? ' Mdissa asked' innocenuy. . 5 -» . r?: 44 Well, when I think what oppaxtzmitaei r?e hnd, kmd how; little Eve .oaed them," Bcfaist- exriaimed with rdiemcnoe, 44 and toeu reflect how tew you've .got, and, how Igudidlr vou ve jaade - toe best of ihem, I just bluuij I tell _you, Melissa, for my own lazmfee." . ' ' Pccbaps." MdiesalinterpMed with a-grave little air, tf one had Always been brjugbt up among it alL one - woulon't think quite so much oTTt. It's the novelty -of antiquity, that mains -it so channmg to people from my country, X suppose it Beems qurtoaiatazainow to yqu that .-your parish chuzra shouldhe 600 yeans old; and have tombs in the channel with" iS'izabeehan ruffs, or its -floor inlaid wilhBian- tagsnet- "bmSies. To ns all that recmsmys- turioua; Jgnd.ui a certain sort of way one might almost say magical. Nobody can love Europe quite, so well, I'm sure, who has lived' in it TromWHebftd. Too grow np -to many Things that bnrtf freeh upon us at lest with ell tho iutrtAb dcllght'of a new s usation." They atnod siill as th-y spoke and ilooked hard at one another. There wss a minute's pease. Then Dsinaid began agaiu. k Meha," | he falteied. out, in rather a iremuluus voice, ."are >cu eorryto go home again?" i "I just hte it; "Melisea answered with a vehement, T.crat. Then she added after a second. 44 But I've enjoyed the voyag." "You'd 'iike to live- Jn Europe;" Barnard . 4lihoDid low it!" MaHssa repl'ed.' -'I'm -fond of my. folks, of ooaree,aad f 'whoelil im 1 -sorry to Jaave them; hot Ijust to re Euro jia. I sh«l never go Again, £huugl« j aduiU gp-fg pght awny bick to" Ksh>as City how had keep store Jor zaihiir "f ir the zest cf styr natural i cx:?ti?aeir.V ' 44 Iteeeaihard," Bernard whi cb musing, 1 u tost ahylktdytike TonrM-'iSa, wito isuA-a whtuteHOvoi), art unit of all beit'itiful things tesy boty wbo cau drew swtfiieweetrdteSml tf #tiSsht as ifiioto" heads ydu 'Smsredk-iis after Ffljpo Ltprii-aiiyboJr -who era ap'pteaats FlorPBte and V-ernce and Rome as 'youdc, -should have to live-all her Hfe in ujT&c.; westero towaand wet'with.sQ littic sympity as you're likaJj to fiml' there." , . . / . ' .'"ThatjS the ob? Melisaa. repttod, loc3anc npmtc ids fx e virff&such; a coaSdmjrlock pi etjr'g. had looked op -at ieelikitbat ,I,Hbonid rhavc jcnQwnjato do. gfttvjisrtj triEt Bernard eras twemtyTour rid yorigi&eh; , ;AremodBst.) 44 Thsfa thexah, Mk. Hanso ek. Iffke-wdl, Bflopean Aorinty. Vatyjqodk. LdtExjOur saea Arenice Aaonjiippwp . Gou't youBtow ; . bit ' Ihe ggynShpw r-nutejraanqftojtnseaiidaiiiis inhich . 1 'fdt ae'RTJilty 'fe." cvaverfroppet before, me. l mi -gloed .to.JJiB. saA, , J aniii \ liardly tsscue. At- luit-Vimuufl ffi&ksogum; . ; Iduuld fite to havewii x'mmd wiiL vou on ; vonT «iu-y J aon't know Italy. l aarit aappdee bj tijseU I .mold eten appreciaU It. .Bat if ,yoq JOT Ay ,1my vou'dlmvtiagTit me vti)n ft aa-neeant, : anfl 9ialt «igiiin£. . jliid: Xffion-t .see Tflplea. nffligr. '.llMt gnrtjMKgoioeiit.; I ah oalfijHte to tiavn seen apwa, Ilaxatt cfmxem. aSas to kne w' 1 could 'at ' leaet in' me' end "flie appy-" i-i . ." tVTiy do yon Jtadklxilenutm.. naked suddenly, with a bounce. _ iDokinc' down at tiiai -"I ! -!vllecaiit»l'4anjt 6epl'imjioff,v, Melissa arisweredi' in a quivering voice. il. ahoull IT ahonld like to live aSwaja in «'TT«va _you any special jnOTocsMiny 'particular town". ' . 'Benuti idsfl, moving, clraarto hax- iaiimgli, tobo'-auie.'liB .wna very, Mnliraa ! fltemmer'piit-fahitiy, half ridlmg Away from . -"Not :CaIzfaIke,l, t&f; fecafe'T&rnard; ' with p. deep gulp, andwriuuMB-effort- 4 ' It R'wcmld be"imniri(ibAlB fijf'ine to hear any more;- ff hau'heird nlrew'mahy , things not iztteoded forme. . IsBadttv bn- tmt ulhiorrnSnsja 1 iuBerimz&xIMieddSifi; .gerivjfidth -toe ' toebalbon to Ifflhy '.undffltftoar," 1 he said, with-abuzii, "4 lT want' .ycutep on deck for juat ton vmnultoB.- Tb«e« sometoing np ifherelefisiikebo mhthoshow you." G4S NotT5riesC"aedhjq>ocriticany, . su|v premmgariule:' ' . '-Ntijuot whales." he Kplied : 44 gomethiiig much more izkterestiog." j' -Wf fa3oW«- 'him UinLly.-.- TjM»y jmni ih ' 'fiw 'klAt'flie flfiiaigk be?ridlmincb 'in. -vfoader, after Mrsr-YTafie'e iettiirjhw Lucy , might take It.. , J : r At -the top -of tlie companion. ladder -ywVtiwih J stood waiting £pr us, demure but subdued, with 1 M stffl tumd" iook khiteHr npdn'thak W weet , ghrtnkiii grattll tet bi4nas.> fier lri beat hard, I could see lytocfcb i imeut of1 het bodice, and her breath came afid vrent; hid she stood there like a dove, ui tar dove -coloured travelling-dress. . '! 4 44 Motimr,9 BeriiarJ obliged to come baric to Amfeica, -3on,t yon know, without having ever" seen Naples. H seems a horrible shame she should toiss sering, it. She hadn't money enough left, -you. xecol-" feet, to take her there." - >' - Lucy gaeed at hm' ahadKSms.- 4It.iEoeel seem a pity9' elto;riswerete-iyinpatiietically.< enjoy it so -mudi. -T'm sorry ;rie; hasn't been able to hirry otAaQ her "pro-. gramme.9 : f4. 44 And, mother," Barnard wanton, hia YJ66 fixed on here,1 how awfully she'd be 'thrown ivsv on ITuiUi Citr. iMflq-WriA flmV nF ' her going back to 4 keep store' there." 44 For my part, I think it positively wicked," Lucy answered with a smile, 44 and I hrife think whak— well, people in England— are about to allow her todoit.9' p I -opened my eyes wide. Did Lucy know' whht she was saying ? Or had Melissa, then, tea- : onated her—;tiie arch little witch!— asahb had fascinated the rest of us? But Bernard, emboldened by7 -this excellent opening, took Melissa'by the hand, as if in due form to present her. . 44 Mother;" im said ten- derly,' leading the wee Thing forward, 44 and fainer.-too'; this iswhatX-wunted to show yon —the girl I'm engaged to !? - s I paused and trembled. I waited for the thunderbolt. But no fhundei bolt fell. On toe -oontaxy, Lacy stepped forward, and- under ' eoverof the mast, caught Melisea in her arms: and kxsaad hsr twice over. . 4.Mydasr child,' she cried, presmng berhaidAydear little daughter, 1 dont know which' of you two I ooghtmewt to congratulate." ' 44BatI'do,"Bezriard inuxmuxed low.' And. his father though I am ,T mannered to myself, 44 And bo do I, also." 44 fhen you're not ashamed of me, mother dear," Melissa whispered, burying her dainty little head on Lucy's shoulder, 44 because 2 key t store m 'Kansas City r"; Lucy rose abovB herself in toe yrgt«""»nt of the moment. 44 My darting wee daughter," she answered, her tendriy again) 44 it's Kansas City that ought to be of itself- for nuttiMr wou: to keen store— mdi a sweet little gem as you are."— GEAiTT Allen, in Longman' x Magndne. 