THE FIIRST DEATH. (rnoM TIn FRENcCI.) La Farlede was a little village of four or five hundred inhabitants between Amiens aed Abbeville. Sad in autumn, gay in spring time, calm, silent, stretched along a wide road, its houses low, with roofs black and pointed, surrounded by swampy meadows and crowned by a forest of oaks, it was a counter part of all the other villages of Picardy. Yes, It was a counterpart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of red brick, its window casings of white stone, that is always part and parcel of a Picardian landscape, and as it stands athousand metres, more or less, from the outskirts of those tiny provincial hamlets. La Farlede, at the moment this story opens, was in ia hubbub of excitement, for a cemetery, their own individual burying-eround, haod been achieved at last. The municipal council which had so long hoarded the funds drawvu from the ratepayers for the purpose, had finally seen fit to purchase asn ancient field, to wall it in. and to consecrate it to the well. merited repose of the people of the country; " and on aind after the 1st November, IS-," so the announcement read " the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests." Naturally enough, everyone gossipped and jested with his neichbour on the subject of the "elect" who would point out the road to his compatriots, but the hubbub increased to a positive riot when simultaneously with the con elusion of the ceremonies that made of the ancient field a " Gottsaker," handbills appeared on all the walls, including the Maire's, to the following effect: " Whereas, being round of mnd and sound of body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and eweeten the last moments of him or of her who will be the first to inaugurate the now cemetery, I have place4 in the hands of the -Maire of La Farlede the sum of ten thousand francs, to b. delivered to the family of the first inhabitant who departs for another and perhaps a better world, on and after this the day of opening, November 1, 1S-," " In witness whereof, signed and sealed by myself, "JEAN BITUMINEUX." In other words, the proprietor of the chalteau already described, formerly a Bohemian of the artellers of the Boulevard Clinchy, and onl richled by thedecease of an aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to accord him her forgiveness for the profession he had chosen, and to leave him the inheritor of a goodly estate. In the days of his youth an incorrigible joker, he still at times, as in the matter of his hand bill, indulged in the same propensity. The p statement of the placard was true, howiwvr, and in the twinkling of an eye the news was all 1 over the village. Groups of people congregated before the bills to read for themselves, while others, more incredulous, ran to the Maire to ask for confirmation of the same. " The fact is exactly as given," he responded, promptly. "there is no mistake about it. The money is in my hands, and will so remain," I etc.. etc. The announcement thus officially vouched for, I everyone joyously returned to his home to I begin at once the calculation of his chances-to c take stock, as it were, of those belonging to him, and to estimate their averaeo longevity. 1 It goes withoutsaying that those of the inha- t bitants fortunate enough to have sick or very aged relatives were filled with triumph, though, of course, they triumphed secretly and in silence, whilst the others-those whose families were sound and healthy-were forced to com fort themselves with the forlorn hope of an acci- ti denst, an 'unexpected seizure, or insidious I draughts of air. o " Such-and-such a one's taking-off," they P recalled. " had been extremely edden ; So-and-. o's trifling illness fatal; unlooked-for deaths w-ta always occurring," and those thousand tantnlisinngrittoleedanidsi asnaraband in iasi drearms even when they fell asleep;' As for the Maire, poor man, life had becole. a burden to him because of the hourly deopuo. t;ons and avalanche of queries to which hae wtas forcel to listen..•- ... -. . " ?urt the be of the village ?" they breought him anxiously, a' or was it suflicient to be , member of the parish ? Did children coult, 'or relatives by- marriage, or those whomn death might take by violence ?"--queries that plainly betrayed the villagers' anguish of mind and hugely maoused the donator. It is not every day, as you know, that people give up the ghost in villages, and a whole wsek passed by after the openingij of tile cemetery without an event cf the lini noccurring. Still the brainsof the people continued to be our excited. antI every one, from baker to. butcher, from curate to husbandman, laid oft work from time to time to measure with his eye, or calcu late mentally, the additional goods or farming ground purchasable with the money-only the cafes were busier than ever. By the end of the week the story of the hind hills had become an old one, but by no means a less absorbing one, though the villagers no longer lowered their eyes or voices when dis cussing the matter, and openly footed up theo chances. The family of a certain La Poirouux by common rconsent hid settled it that they were to be the fortunate ifilheritors, for had they not among them, this family La Poireaux. an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of hab.t alone--a" wheezry yellow,- dried.up old mammy, whom twice a day they cafried to the door to bask in the sunshine, and t- -'eelemise had long been expected. S"But sometimes theso aeed ones live for ever," objected a malicious listener, "and this one shows no more signs of dying than he has done for six months past." "All the same," added another, " it is the family La Poireaux whom the Mfaira has his eye upon.,' uevertheless, despite the anguish of desire that had seized upon all in the race for this money, La Farlede possessed no assassin. It was true that the ailng and very, aged had become a centre of interest to. every one in the family, for they wou!ld be able, if accommo dating, to leave behind them a enug little 'sum, yet-no one dreamed of accelerating their departure. In the households of. the loss.happily placed the interest was equally absorbing-a harsh cough, alaboured breathing bringing the ear upon the" alert in an instant. Coughs and difficult breathings were harbingers of inflaum mation of te llungs, and inflammation of the lungs, as every one knew; took its viotim quickly. If another one had a red faces or an indigestion they awaited apoplexy, and a child who had bcen an invalid from birth, and began to recover from the moment of the proclama tion, was cut off with' a shilling in the will of an indignant aunt, whose heir it had previously been. The entire village at the expiration of this same week was pale and emaciated. Even those who had scoffed the loudest at this waiting for dead men's shoes no longer slept tranquilly; drunkards drank twice as much as' they had drunk before: the avaricious cursed in secret; while tile sick, on the contrary, the only ones who objected to this fashion of ring ing the bell, seemed to vie with each other in the haste of their recovery. On the morning of the 10th of November, however,- a bell, or rather a knell, did ring out, instead of the morning Angelus, and the people, falling over each other in the darkness, and railing at fate, precipitated themselves towards the church to learn who had won. Alas, arrived there, breathless and panting, it was only to find that the beadle (as usual), full as a thrush, more dazed than ever from brood ing upon the promises of the placard, and thinking of nothing but death, had rung with out reason. Truly it was time this business should end, or they would all be as mad as the beadle. Ah, well, there lived at this time in 'La Farlede a poor and unfortunate peasant, married, the father of two little helpless babies, and with whom nothing had ever succeeded. Though scarcely past his fortieth year, lhe had run through every country of the world, to return at last, vanquished, to his native village. Hes was a good follow, gentle, affectionate, dreamy, and inoffensive, but he was unable to gain a living for himself or family in a country I where the struggle with the earth was hard and endless. His slender frame took badly to I the labour of the fields, and he possessed no I other resources. Misery and want enicom passed the household, and each evening before 1 the smoking cinders the wife cried in undress. ing the children, and he, tortured and cowed by a sense of weakness and failure, writhed in a secret. The placard of the painter Ditumineux had made upon him, as upon the rest of them, a 1 dealep impression. Nay, more than that, it had t given hlm nn idea.What if he should be the one t to leave ten thousand francs to his wretched r family ? It would lift them above want for t ever; they would be able with the money to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a haberdashery I -perhaps a more pretentious shop. His wife t was intelligent, industrious-ashe would surely r prosper at the business. He saw them already, these deprived ones, secure of the necesslties.ho Shad been unable to give them, the boy'lliter r- on emplo' ed in a bank, the girl married to a ;commassairo. a That evening ho.embraced them and held them upon his breast longer than usual, mur a muring as he watched them laid upon their scanty straw, " I will doit-I must do it; it is my duty." a The idea that had come to him with the roead 1 ing of the placard, and born of: nspiseih ind p shame, was suicide. For him it was the reo habilitation of all his disastrous enterprises, the s atonement for the sorrow that lihe brought pon e his family. But, oh, the agony of parting f from these beings sotenderly loved, whose wel fare and happiness he could secure at last, but I secure only by one means ! He wvent out to walk for a while in the em t browned fields, the yellowed forest, but the t rustling of the dead leaves that his foot pushed \- aside sounded to him like the rustling of a t shroud; sobs burst from his anguished breast Sas he regarded the wide heavens, the valley d full of shadows, and the little village that hoeld g his all. For a long time he hesitated. Perhaps chance would deliver him--perhaps it would not be necessary to take his lifo in order that they might live, that they might have fire upon the darkened hearthstone, and bread in the empty cupboard. Long ago he had assured himself b talking with a neighbour, who had uestioned Maire, that suicides would count in r this unreal pla. Of course he must kill him I self- to wait longer was to permit the chance thnat as yet was has to be grasped by another. He took his gun, climbed the hillside that 1 overlooked the village, and fixed his eyes upon Sthe dilapidated roof that did not even shelter \- his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found his 1 body-a wood- cutter passing thlrough the forest had seen it, and spread the news-the crowds cursed it, and threw stones at the corpse of the poor hero. The women sought to spit in hIis face ; while the tovwn council itself waited upon f. Ditumineux to demand of him that the money should not ho paid to the famaily of such a trickster. The painter responded by adding ten thou sand more to thie first ten thousand, andl charging himself for ever after with the care of the widow anld hier children. "It was my fault," he told hlimself, deeply moved by Lhe tragedy--"my fault, and but for me tile thing would never have happncued." The fairs alone and the geandarmes, whom it lnhadl been necesasry to call unon before the body of the martyr could be laid in thIe ground, iol lowed it to Its last restinug.place, and that same day " the old wreck from Trafalgar" and two beside him passed to their last account. The memory of thIe suicide is still cursed throughout thie whole of Picardy, and upon his tomb one reads the inscription (cut there by a canning hut sacrilegious hand during the dark ness of the night after the interment) : Thc ditch of lfe thief. 