AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. By J. W. Henderson. It was in January, and we were in latitude 15deg. 24min. south. The heat was beyond description, for we were lying becalmed under a tropical sun. The sea was a deep sap- phire blue, trantlucent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning over the rail, one could see bits of gayly tinted sea-weed float- ing far below the surface. Occasionally a brown fish, looking purple through the glorifying water, would shoot close to the ship the long undulation of the swell seemed like thedeep psnUnge cf a heat txppreseed 'boeem.- The horizon -was lost in a dim gray- haze that quivered with the radiant heat, and give everything an appearance oi melting. The pitch in the eeama of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Scurles, the seennd mate, declared that cn the forecaBtle deck the pitch was boiling. We were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homeward bound from the Cspa of Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I were taking a long sea-voyage for the benefit of our health. We had been fortunato enough to Eecure berths on the Afton Falls for tie voyage from New York to the Cape and back. The ship was a big, able craft cf Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, as fine a sailorman as ever handled a pig-yoke. We had been at Durban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yard-arms on the big swell thas always tumbles in towards that uninviting be&cb;, and we had wondered how on earth any sane person could choose | such a place to live in. We had f%lso been | under the shadow of Table Rock, and bed I come out of the bay in one of those ruahicg winds that come down the mountain and blow a gale icside the bay, when outsrde the sea is smooth and the wind very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed and baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I were sitting under an awning spread over one side of the quarter deck. The ship was under a splendid dis play of canvas.bat the sails were simply Bleaching in the sun. The courses were clewed up, in ths vain hep) thst a stray breath of air might steal along the deck. The man at the wheel morp id his brow, and stared helplessly at the compass card. Tbe ship had no steerage-way. The vessel was full of groans and creafcB and the clicking ci hooked doors as she rolled lazily on tho long, low swells. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, had gone to the main topmast head, for be declared that he had got a little f arming every time she rolled. The men forward : weire lying about in allfiorite. afti /attitnd es;exr ; pressure of ^srcarineeB- and. diegusi. ::Oa« f eU^^ufl^:^t^;:the : swapoL sleep atod almoBt iell bveibb&Tai; ;. Btsiruig at :one another, the voice of the coloured cook arose from the galley trolling a ditty which he he had p:.cked op in tbe Southern States : ' Dishyah niggah ain't gwine ier die Till old Jim Crow come rouh' by-ine-by, An' say' 1 Hey, niggah, yo' got ter fly high'; Umph-umphi Ahjumpb-umphr' The Captain, Fled, ana I looked at one an* other, and smiled. We wondered how any one could muster up energy enotsgh to skig. For a few minutes nothing was heard save the creaking ot the ship's timbers and tbe flapping of her idle canvas. Then the cook lifted op his voice again : ? I wish I war in Baffin's Bay, What all the niggahs am made ob clay, An* posaoms go a skatin' ebbepuday, Hoop-te-loody 1 Ain't dat gay ? Slidin' down a iceberg in Baffin's Bay.'' At that the.three of ob buret into laugh' ter, and OBpt∈ Bows said : ' I believe the fellow's right. The only thing to do on such a day Sb to imagine ypu %re in a oojd place.' ? ' You arfe jaet right,' said Fred. wash i werp doftig a cake walk around ih^ pole.' - v v''1;'- ' r: ? « Well.I don't believs l ehauld oaremuch about that,' eaid I. ^' The noith poleiB a hard get toi and i iardetr jilaoe io get away from.' i 'Well, sir, she's -s 335-ton whaler that weal out about two yeara ago. She was as fine a ^ vessel as ever carried a caok, sir, and wss said to be a hard one to best on s bowline, Well; tha got canfiht in tha iea a hundred miles or so north cf Paint Barrow, and crushed in bolow the ^iter line, so that ehe was supposed to bs sinking, and her crew ' 1 abandoned her. The crew escaped, and made their way baok to civilised parts of- the world, bui their ship did not sink.' .* ' Whst became of her ?' i asked. ' Well, si'-,*' s*id ths'mate^s.with a myeie- ' ^ ricnsair,,! she's saiiing' ihoseueasjfet, with ' How was it she hadn't Euhk ?' asked Fred. ' _ 'Why, bless you, eir, she waent in tha water at all. She was about fifty feet away from it-, up on the ice. resting there jest as comfcrtablc as a biby in a cradle, and just as safe too. Lssvitt boarded her, and found : ^ everything on her decks sa neat as if all hands had just gone ashore ior a lark. Yen . V seethe ice had cqucczed in under her, and liiiedher np.' ' And you think she's there yet?' Iin quired. ' Just as sure as over yon live, sir. Why, the ice cp there doesn't melt all away in the fpring, It breaks up in some places, but mostly it just keeps growing and growing, and I shouldn't wonder at all if come of those lajge berg3 were hundreds of years old. Dc-n'tycu think eo, Captain ?' I think you arc about right, Young,' said the captain. I have heard about that whaler, but she isn't a marker on an arctic yarn she reminds me of.' ''Something in your own experience, Cap*' I asked. ;i Yes.' 1; Then by all means let us bear it,' said Fred. ' I never knew you had been a whaler.'' ' Yes,' said the Captain, ' when I was in eommaHd of the Sealskin, I was wei'-known at 'Upsrcavik, and they do say I have been away up ? Bnfc that's what I am coming to. I had been ona aumtner knocking about the entrsnce o£ Baffin's Bay, and hadn't dona a great dcai. I was told by some E?q limans that a largG number cf i»igh£ whales had been teen c£c the oast coast cf Greenland, and I decided to cruise that way. In August we hauu'E Eeen a ghost cf £ whale, but I puehed on, and when about sixty miles east oi Gael Hawk's Bay, the welcome cry came from the crow's nest, Ther-r-r-e sha blows !' ' ' Where away ?' I shouted, j' course towar&s;^jaitzbargen, Jm^boTSSIo epring. I h^dths^ north pols fever, wMc&a; - so often catches whalers, and I wanted to - 'j steal a march on every one else. On October 7th, a eail was sighted faraway tc the north- ; ward, and I wondered whether ec me other .. J..; fellow had my idea. However, I had not much time to wonder, for no sooner bad we sighted that sail than it btgan to blow from the Bouth-south east, and in a few hours we , found ourselves in a most terrific gale o£ wind. 'Aait was blowing my way, I ccudded with the wind for icrty-sight hours, iry !att observations as onr noon position, giving l&f.; 7Sieg. ?M-.nm. ncrth, and long. Tdeg. 37;niB, west. Haw far beyond that we went no man wili ever know. My reckoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were. The cold was intense, and great bergs loomed up in all directions, the sea breaking against them filled the air with thunder. In themidst of this awe-inspiring see ns I was astounded by hearing the cry, 4 Ssil ho !' 'She was act moeethan three miles awsy. She was a vessel of very old buiid, with a high-poop dcekv and she was under all plain sail going like a phantom, and soon disap peared. I bsat to tha southward for four - days, fighting against head seas and through ice, when the eun came out, and I get eights to determine our position. Where do ycu suppose wo were ?' ' Where !' we bath asksd, eagerly. 'In lat. Sldeg. 57ffiin. north, and long. lQieg. 42min. weEt. How far north cf that we had been that we should have taken fcur days to beat back, is beyond me to guess.' ' What became of the strange ship?' I asked. ' I am earning to that. We went into winter-quarters in Mosel Bay. In thesprieg wemadeexsarsions on sledges, and cn caa . of these we found oar phantem. As we rounded a point one #i the men oried: 'Sail ho .1 :Th«re..«he is ag«n I' : ^ Andtherej^o^^dac^iht^ce,^ill ^Siafc saBrohedhlghahdlow overierdecks ? 1 her cabins, but found no signs ot or death. 1 was just coming away f rOn^ber cabin, filled with wonder and awe at tha strangie rencontre, when I saw, pin ne dto iho cabin table with, an old-fashioced dagger, a piece of paper, yellow with age, containing some taint writing in a strange l&ngoage.; .* r Upon going over it, on returning to my own i ship, a Dutch s'ailor said it was in his tongue, but some of the wcfcds were now out of u«, Itreaathue: '\phristmas, 1785 i.n. ' This day we must leave the ship. We have been without feodi save one ptarmigan, - for two days. The ship is frozen fast id tbe , ice, with all her aailB set, and we are tiot strong enough to furl them. We must try J to find land, where the savages may feed as . -; or put as ont of onr misery. Why -did we ever seek for health in these frbgen seas? It ie--' And there the writing beeamje illegible.' -' And did you yoa leave the olt| ihSp i there ?' asked ©red. * r *l Ho; we bsrnt her. She had beeo oucer* ! tag over the deep long cnongh, Irecsshag when\flnter «nme,aed ^ loosamftaBl^ia^i^^p ' And is' this the' strangest thing 1V« waop 