THE BRETON MIL LS. By Charles J. Bellaimy. s o :!. ..aCopyright by the Author, and published by arrangement with hi' . CHAPTER L A PICTUIR AND ITS CRITICS. ' "Let's take a squint in." It is on the sidewalk in front of the fine iesidence of Ezekiel Breton. Surely every body within the length and breadth of a hun dred miles must have heard the name of the wealthy mill owner, whose energy and shrdwdness have poised into a byword. The house is brilliantly lighted, and the windows wide open as if to invite the attention and admiration of the humble passers by. Three men, laborers, if coarde, soiled clothes and dull, heavy tread mean anything, have come down the street and now stand leaning against the tall t.on fence. "WYhy shouldn't u.s see the show, boys?" continued the long whiskered man, with an unpleasant laugh. "It's our work that's pay in' for it, I guess. HIow long do you think it would take you, Jack, to scrimp enough to gether to buy one of them candlesticks? Hullo-tllere's thle boss himself," and he thrust his hand inside the iron pickets to point out a portly gentleman whose bald head was fringed with silver white hair. Mr. Breton had paused a moment before the whindow. "Come, let's go on," urged the man'with a clay pile', edging off a little into the shadow; "he'll see us and be mad." -"What's the odds if he does?" and the speaker frolred at the rich man from be tween the pickets. "He can'' get help no cheaper than us, can he? That's one good pint of bein' way down, you can't tumble a mite. But just look at him, boys; big watch chain and gold bowed specs a-danglin'. See tho thumbs of his white hands stuck in his vest pocket and hint as smilin' as if lie never .did noboly a wrong in his wholo blessed life. There now is somlethin' purtier, though." The old gentleman moved unsuspectingly aside and revealed a young girl, large and fair, with great cahnl blue eyes. She wore a pale blue silk, with delicate ruffles at her half bared elbow and at her neck, kissing the warni white skin. ' "Well, I suppose lmy girl Jane might look just as good in such clothes as them. But she wouldn't no more speak to Jane than as if the girl wasn't human. Andl as for a poor man, he might pour his life out for her purty face and she wouldn't give him a look. A few dollars and a suit of clothes makes the odds." "What's she laughin' at.? said the tall man, taking his clay pipe from his mouth. "Can't you seect There's the boy standin' jist beyond her. Breton's young hopeful. Nothin'.less than the biggest kind of game for her, I callate." "I never seen him before," remarked the third man, reverentially. "I s'pose he'll be our boss soule day." - "He's been to college polishin' up his wits. 'Taint goin' to be so easy as it was to grind the poor. The old man now didn't need no extra schioolin." "I aint so sure now'," said the tall mailn, blowing out a wreath of smoke. "The boy looks mlore kind about his mouth and eyes. See lim look at the girl. I caPlate she don't think he's very bad." " "Wait till he gets.his heel ou the necks 6f a tholiusand of us, as his father has. Wait till lie finds we diit 'got a penny ahead, nor a spot of God's earth for our own, but lie at his mnercy. , Seeohow kind he'll be then. 'Taint the nature of the beast, Bill Rogers." Bill Rogers took a long look at the slight fornmof the mlill owner's son-at his fresh, young 'face' ind' small, 'pleasant black eyes. "I wish the lad had a chance. I believe i'd trulst him, Graves. Iladn't we better be startin'l The mneetin' will begin purty soon." "What's the hurry! Curran is always late himself Well, come along, then." Just now Mr. Breton is leaning lightly on the mantel near one of his pet heirlooms the siver candelabra. Near him stands a tall, elegantly formed gentleman, only a trifle past middle age, whose clear chiseled mouth has the merest hint of a smile on it, as if he had just said something bright. It was a smile he always wore when he had spoken-a smile with an edge to it. But Mr. Ellingsworth had to make that smile do good service, for lie never laughed. The funniest jokes had been told him-the most ridiculous situations described to himl-lbut he only smiled. "Watet am I going to do with the boy?" Mr. Breton's voice was always loud and sharp as if making itself heard above the roaring of his mills. "Why, marry him to your daushter the first thins. Rh I Philin?" Why, marry him to your daughtcr thw first thing." Would she be angry, proud and reserved as she was? Philip shot a furtive glance at Bertha as she sat at the piano idly turning over the music sheets. But the girl might not have heard, not a shade of expression changed in her face. It might as well have been the sources of the Kilo they were dis cussing so far as she was concerned, appar ently, but as she pressed her white hand on the music sheet to keep it open, her lover's eyes softened at the flash of their betrothal diamond. v s "I should think your hands must be pretty full already," suggested Mr. Ellingsworth in the low smooth tone, as much a part of his style as the cut of his black coat, "with a thousand unreasonable beings down in your factories. And by the way, I hear that Labor is claiming its rights, with a big I. As it anybody had any rights, except by accident." "Skeptical as ever, Ellingsworth," said the shill owner with all a practical man's distaste for a thing so destructive to industry. "But nr., I get along easily enough with my help if qaacks and tramps would only keep out of the way; though there is some kind of am agitation meeting to-night; somebody is raising the mischief among them. I wish I knew who it was," and Mr. Breton looked impatiently around the room0 as if he hoped to seize the incendiary in some corner of his own parlor.* l l a ertha's blue eyesa we open ",. new interest. She had half turned from the piano, but her sleeve was caught back on the edge of the keyboard, revealing the fair full contour of her arm, which glistened whiter than the ivory beneath it. "A mystery, how charmingl" she smiled; "let me picture him: tall, with clustering auburn hair on his godlike head" "Pish-excuse me, my dear-but more likely tile fellow is some low, drunken jail bird you woull be afraid to pass on the street; Some day they will find out there is no good making working people uneasy. They want the work, and they ought to be glad tile work wants them. Their interests. are identical with ours." "No doubt," assented MI: Ellingsworth, il his suavest tones, that seemed too smooth for satire. "but perhlps they think you get too large a share of tile dividends." "You like to round your sentences pretty well," retorted Mr. Breton, flushing slightly, "hut do youl mean to say you, of all men, sympathize with this labor reform nonsense." Ellingsworth smiled and shrugged his shapely shouliers just visibly. "You ought to know me, Mr. Breton. I ymlllthize wlth--nobody. It is too much trouble )Andm as for the sufferings of the lower clansses-they may be very pitiable-b-ut I don t see how the nether millstone can help itself, or for that matter e hellped either." Then he glanced curiously toward the piano. "Why, where are our young people?"' After considerable dumb show Bertha had become aware that Philip had some intelli gence of a startling nature to communtenta So it hapllned that, at the moment aIr. Ellingsworth inquired for them, the young people stood just inside the door of the cozy little room called "the studly." "I amit going to have some high fun to. night, Bertha; I am going tolthat labler meet. ing. I want to see the blasintes fromnt the in sile, when tile public show isnlt g oilng n." Tile girl looked at him in astonisllment "They wonl't let you in." "That's just where the fun iscoming. It is going to be better than all the college devil try, 1and-wait here two minutes and I'll how youll." - Book shelves ran up to the ceiling onil t he ;id of the rooml, e-.-posite the door. A lolng of flee table stretched across tile center almost to tihe high window looking toward the street. .But all the business associations did not olppress this eleganllt young womanl, who threw herself ill ILluriolus abandon into the solitary easy chlail She aplprently did not flnd love very disturbing. No doubt she only smiled at its poems, fervid witha passion un known to her canlm, even life. Her young lover had often been frightened at the firm outline of the coledred lips, with never a thought of kisses on theml, and at the sprite like unconsciousness of her blue eyes that looked cu-iously at him when love softened his voice and glorified his face. She was not listening for his returning footsteps, not one line of eagerness or of suspense was on the dispassionate face, while she played with the flashing jewel her lover had placed long ago on her finger.% The door opens behind her, but shelo does not turn her head--no doubt he will colme in front of her if he wishes to be-there he is, a slight figure, looking very odd and disagree able in the soiled and ill fitting clothes lie has put on, with no collar or cuffs, but a blue flannuel shirt open a button or two at his neck. Iis faded pantaloons were roughly thrust into the tops of all innlense pair of cowhide boots which apparlently had never been so much as shadowed by a box of blacking. His black eyes sparkle as lie holds out to her a handless felt hat which shows the marks of a long and varied history. Bertha looked at him in dull distaste. What a poor mouth lie had, and how unpleasantly his face wrinkled when he smiled. "I wouldn't ever do this again," she said coldly. A hurt look camle into his eyes; he dropped his hat on the floor and was turning dejected ly away. The fun was all gone, and her words and her look he knew would come back to hint a thousand times when le should be alone. But she put out her hand to hint like the scepter of a queen. "Never mind-you will generally wear better clothes than these, won't you?' s "But I wouldn't like to have that make any difference," said Philip, looking wistfully at the cool white hand he held. "Supposing I was poor" She drew her hand away impatiently. It he had known how he looked then, he would have chosen another time for his lover's fool ishness. "Don't get poor. I like pretty things and graceful manners and elegant surrounldings; that is the way I ant made. I should suffo cate if I didn't have them." "But," urged Philip uneasily, "you coulil't love anybody but rme, could your She smiled charmingly. "You must not let tme!" Then she rose as if to dismniss the subject. "Are you all ready" In a minute more he was, after he had fastened on his yellow whiskers and bronzed over his face and neck and white wrists. "Your own father wouldn't know you!' she laughed, as they opened the outer door. Philip went down two steps. "You shake the foundation with those boots.-4 He was quite recovering his spirits, now that she was so kind with him. "And you will tell me all about it, and whether the leader has auburn hair as I saidt How long before you will come back-an houri Well, I'll be here as long as that." He pulled his great hat well down over his eyes and started, but at the gate he turned to look back. Bertha stood in the doorway, tall and qlueenly, the redl gold of her hair glistening in the light like i halo alwibt-iei h1eadl. He could not catch the look in her face, but as she stood she raised her hand to her lips and threw hill a kiss with a gesture of ex quisite grace. In a moment more lie heard her at the piano, and he tried to keep clumsy step to thestrain from "La Traviata" that camne throbbing after him. CHAPTER II, 14ASQUERADIn g, Philip pushed open thie door of Market hall and looked in. About sixty men were scattered over the benches in all conceivable positions. A number held pipes between their teeth, filling tile room with the rank .moke of the strongest and blackest tobacco. Here and there two men appropriated a whole bench, one at each endi, for a sofa. But more of them were settled down on the snmall of their backs, with their knees braced against the bench in front. lie saw in a mo ment that, thoughI he was worse dressed than any of them, yet there was a differene0 in kind also. There was more meaning in one wrinkle on their well wovn costs than in all hisingenious paraphlernalia. He feltashamed in the presence of these pathetic realities, and turned to go back, but his great boote creaked incautiously. Only two or three looked around; a poor man more or less does not count for much with the poor or with the rich. Two or three grave, worn faces, two or three pails of tired, hopeless eyes rebuked him unconsciously for the idle freak that brought himthere. ,What righthad he there, who camue out of curiosity to watch the un healthy symptoms of the disease called pov erty,'?What an insult to their bitte needa were 4is mock trimmnings, in which he Came like one masquerading among a graveyard Cull of ghosts! "Hold on, friend, ye needn't go," and a long whiskered man beckoned to him. lie found his way to a seat with a hang dog air, the best piece of acting lie had dlone yet. The same stolid look was on this man' face, bleached to a settled paleness front the conlinement of years in the walls of the mills, and there was a bitterness about the mouth and nostrils as if he had not kissed the rod that :smote him. "No call to be sh:lu-tl. young Ian. I sup 1pose theli's the best clothes you got. Your heart may be just as white as if you had a better livin'." The poor don't talk except when they have something to say. So Philip said nothing, to act in character. "I supptose yon think you're ipretty hard up," resiunmed the big whiskered man, whc was no otilier than (Grvesl-c, the mann who had peered into hi-s c-ompnusions i parlor window only an hour ago. And lie glanced sigifi cantly at Phililp s boots and soiled panta loonls. "Jest look at that little chap over yonder, all bowed lup. He don't look very hearty, does lie? Up to his house there's a wife all faile and ibroken, and two little cripples for children, a whinit' and a screechin' from mornin' to-night. lie would chop his head off to help them, but lie is slow and weak, and don't git but niniety cents a day, and he canl't save themn babies a single ache, nor ease their poor misshapen little bones one twinge. It takes every lpenny to keepl the wretched breath in 'em nal, and him and his wife, once as puty a gal as ever you seen,; has only to stand antd see 'cii cry. They used to cry themselves, too, but that was longago.'. Grivres looked about hili. "Do you see that lean faced maI with the hurt arm, at the end of the seat yore on? 1Well, lie's got the smtartcst little boy. in town. All he wraiited w wst scihoolin', andi lis father and nmother raved antd scrimped so lie could have it 'Yout ouglhter seen how proud they was to see their lad struttin' off to school while they kepit a thinkin' of him all day long in the mill. And they was never too tired to hear the boy tell them over the hard names he haid learned. And then they would tell the neighblors, who sometimes got jealous, how they was savin' every cent and how their boy was goinu' to col lege like old Dreton's son. But there was no call for the neighbors to be jealous; the woman went to w-ortl onel day whllell slhe was sick, and caught lher death o' cold and it took a mint of money to - ulss and then bury her. Then the main fell and got hurt and the little boy cried enough to break your heart when they took his books away." The face of the long whiskered maini softened an ilstant, but he turned his head away. "He needn't a cried," lie said grufly; "I don't know as he was any better than the rest of us." Now there cane a little commotion on the platform. A iman who sat head and shoulders above the group onil the platform rose to his full height like a young giants and came forward. Ho looked down into the upturned faces for a moment in silence, and Philip felt his steel blue eyes piercing him like a sword. "Men," lie began. Then lie stopped speak ing a moment. . "Yes, itme you are, in spite of all the lcegradation the rich and the pow erful can put upon you. The time is coming when the princilles of equality vaunted on the pages of so many lyingi constitutiols, and breathed oni the lilps of so miany falseUet mgted demagogues, shall be fully realized The time is coming when the work shall not be on one side and the reward onl the other. We shall not always wea-tr rags as the livery of our mlasters. Not always shall the poor rise early and toil late, wear their skin till it le shriveled like parchment, a?nid their tldiestill they be ready to drop into the grave for weariness, only to pluck the fruit of Gol's bountiful earth f1rtl e lips of the idle and the proud to taste. The gracious favors of ten thousand smiling hills and valleys are gath ered only for the few, and those whose arro gancenail hardness of heart have least de served theimt. And they tell cis it must be so; that the few who are more capable and pt' dent should thus be rewarded for thei superiority. They point to six thousand year-' olppression of the poor, and say what has been must Ihe. Yes, for six thousand years the groans of the poor have gone up, and as long the few, for whom alone all the beauty and bounty of the great earth seemed to blossom, have answered with curses and contemplt.." Now his iagniificent chest seemed to expand; his voice lost its pa thetic tone and rang out like a trumpet. "But the knowledge they have given to make kous better slaves is bursting our fetters before their frightened ey?es. The astonished people see at last the black and monstrous in justice of theirlsubjlction. They have num beretl their hosts, as countless as the sanlds of theise::. It is thestrcength of their arms has girdlled the earth, with unceasing streamls of wealth. It is the iugenuity of their brains has Hlarnessed each efl the luntamedll forces of nature to service. The infinite nuntber of their cunning fingers has woven the fabrics to clothe Christcndomi, and their red blood :sou;red out on a thotusand battlefields has :ought vain triumphs for the pride of their aasters.". His lils suddenly curled in majestic scorr. "'And how long will your patient, calloused :atils buil Imlaces for the great, while you .ivc in hovels? Ought not such strong arms is vours bhe able to winl enough to nmak one anlest home happyl,, if you were not robbed. :he world is full of cheap comforts; the artveets are boundless, the storehouses burst ig, Ibut each worthless pauper has as good a Sihre -a you who make the, wealth. You cause ihe increase; your haniws till the teeming lands :al work the tireless looms. Your shoul Icls bow beneath the products of your toil -like muzzled oxen beating out the grain for ipitying masters. Wihy will you endure it? i'hey tell you it is only right; their books each gentle submission; their oily tongued ;ieakelrs soothe you with pIroverbs and coIn .-lingmaaxims, but all the wise men of cen turies and all the hundred thousand printing -resscs of today, heaping up books in every Inguage like a tiew tower of Babel, camnot tunl a lie into the truth."' Plhilii?ft leaning forward, his eyes fixedl on the speaker in a strange excitement. Cur ran's words came into his soul like molten fire, consumting the chalf of years and lear inlg a path of light behitnd. He was full of twonder that he had been blind so long, mixed withl joiy at his noew piercing vision. He hadl forgotten how he had come there, and felt a sutltten desire to take the hand of every ixtr tman in the room ald piledtge him his help. Bt no one seelmed touclched as he was. Tie same hard look was on each face, the imask the poor astiume to cover their distress, but thie eyes of them all were centered on their orator. "But you are poor, and with your wives and chillcren are hungty for even the crust of bread yonr masters cast you. Though you were a million to one, you are held to their service, no matter how unjust, by the daily recurring facts of hunger and cold. Lookil the fiehlis are white with their hamrvests, the sihops fillned with ttheir cloths, but tle law _makers and their pitiless polite are in their ipay, and you nutst bow your meek necks and tlhuan your mnasters hmnhbly for the triflo their greed vouchsafes you." Fhilp's heo'rtthu~mpedcpainfully within his faded coat.. Could the speaker give no hope to the wretched listeners hanging on his lipsl Must they cringe forever at the foot of power!$ Their thin, worn hands made the bread, but it was snatched from their mouths and doled out in scanty allowance as the price of hopeless slavery. He had derer seen it before. "Who is her' he whispered to his compan ion. The man did not even turn his face from the speaker. "It is Curran. He belongs to the Labor league." This, then, was the agitator his fa ther spoke of. And Bertha had pictured him rightly, with his clustering auburn hair. For a moment he stood silent, while under the divine light in his eyes the souls of each one ripened for his next words. "Alone you can do nothing, but united we can shake the world, and all over the land the oppressed are handing together. VWe are weak now, but when the long stifled voice of your wrongs finds utterance, the answering moans of millions will rouse yoursouls to the resistless martyr pitch. Then it will seem sweet to die-yes, to starve-with your dear ones about you inspired with the same en thusiasm., When the generation is born which dare starve but has forgotten how to yield, and even for the bread of life will not sell its children into eternal slavery, then will the gold of the rich rot worthless in their white hands till they divide with us our common heritage." He stopped and sat down, and as his en thusiasm faded from his face, Philip saw he was not handsome. The eyes thathadseemed so wonderful were too deep seated beneath his heavy brows, and his smooth shaved face was scarred from exposure to sun and storm; yet, while he had been speaking, pity and di vine wrath in turn melting and burning in his eyes and lighting up his rugged cheeks, he had seemed beautiful, like an archangel. The audience sat ill silence a moment, then one man shuffled his feet uneasily, then an other, and then all rose listlessly to their feet. Philip thought their zest inl life had gone so long ago that they did not even miss it; then he remembered what his life was, bright as a June morning. Did God love him so much better than these weary crea tures, whose only refuge was in hopeless ness? Then lie thought of Bertha waiting for him, andl lie hurried out, glad that he seemedl to be escaping notice. Where was the funny adventure he had to tell his sweet heart. ) A new world had been revealed to him; a World within the world he had played with, that knew no such thing as mirth, but fed forever on bitter realities, and his little spark of happiness seemed smothered in its black night. Each one must have a family circle of his own. There were hungry eyes that looked to him for the cheer his poor heart wastoodead togive. Suddenly a heavy hand was laid on his shoulder. "Praps you aint got no place to go to, friend." It was his big whiskered compan ion in the hall, Graves. "I sort o' liked your looks in the meetin' to-night, and you're welcome to a bed at my house if you want it." "Oh, no," stumbled Philip, at his wit's end. "Oh, nol Why not, then? Where be you goin' to stay?" and the man took his hand from the young man's shoulder and eyed him suspiciously. "Why, he wanted to go home and lay off his masquerade forever. Bertha, all radiant in all that wealth can add to beauty, was awaiting him. He had so nmuch to tell her," but he had nothing to say aloud. "I won't take no refusal," insisted the man, taking Philip by the arm. "No words; Jano will get along easy with an extra for once. I presumeno you've slept in wuss places." CHAPTER III. L AN UNWILLING GUEST. Philip thought (things were going a little too far, and as he walked along with his un desirable host he began to plan escapes. Up on the hill to his left he could see, now and then, between the houses, his own home and the lights in its window streaming wel come to him. The tense mood relaxed in him, old habits of thought and association made themselves felt again; the poor man walking heavily by his side seemed a thou sand miles removed fromn him. "Here we are," said Graves, as he led the mill owner's son up a couple ?t rickety look ing steps to a doorway. Philip was not pleased at all; he had seen enough poverty to-night; he did not care to particularize. What was the use of distressing himself over this man's private miseries and discomforts! Wasn't it written in all the books of political economy that-but Graves opened the door and waited for his unwilling guest to go in before him. The poor nmans heart was warm in the unwonted exercise of hospitality, With an ungracious frown on his face Philip entered the dimly lighted room, his great boots sounding with startling effect on the bare floor.. The top heavy kerosene lamp was turned down, but with the heartiness of a true host, Graves turned up the lamp so that Philip could look about him. There was little enough to see-a round pine table with a little blue, cracked crokery on it, a rusty cooking stove, two or three dingy, unpainted chairs a high backed rocking chair, with a faded,:hapeless chintz cushion, and.what seemed to be a sofa in one corner. At first Philip thought the room had been unoccupied, but as Graves turned up the lamp a trifle more he saw it was a woman lying upon the sofa-a woman with sunken black eyes and wan, colorless cheeks, whose loosely bound hair, gray before its time, fell down over her shoulders. "The woman is sick, or she'd get up and speak to you," said Graves, with a new gen tleness in his voice, as he looked at the wife of his youth. "They say she might get well if we could pay doctors' bills. Eh, Jenniel" The girl who stood in the doorway had her mother's eyes, not quite large enough, but with a rare sheen in them; it might be her mother's face, too, but with the bloom of perfect health lightening up its olive. Involuntarily he rose to his feet and bowed, but as the girl only seemed to regard hilm as one might look at a circus tumbler, Philip relapsed into his seat, in the humilin tion beauty can put upon the greatest of us. "Nothin' but cold potatoesh Well, I guess they'll do with a little saltand a piece of bread." - "Did Curran speakS" asked the girl. "Yes," answered Philip. "And who is he -acommon laborer." Then he bit his lip. But nobody took offense, no one suspected their guest of being anything above a com mon laborer. "Oaly a laborer," answered Graves, "a weaver, but he's got some book knowledge somehow. There aint mnanny can beat him at talkin', is there?' The girl's eyes were on Philip now, impa tient, as he fancied, even for his poor tribute to her lover's praise. "He is wonderful," he assented, "but what I don't understand is, that he can be such a man and still a weaver. Where did he learn it alll" "Have you got enough to eat! Well, knowledge has got pretty well through all classes now, for those as wants It. It's there for all who have eyes or ears for it. Why, friend.'where have you been all your lifel Brains and hearts don't go by station. Prve found smarter men in shops and mills than most we send to congress. There'sthousands like Curran, if they only got the stirrin' he's had some way. Now, Jane, it's about time y'ou got this mas's bed rhady." * \-- (To be Colntiusd) 