THE SOUTH SEAS. PART II.— THE ARCHIPELAGO. (BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.) Chapter XIX.— Graveyard Stories Con tinued. It is plain wo have in Europo stories of ft similar complexion, anil tho Polynesian varua ino or aitu o le vao is clearly tho near kinsman of tho Transylvanian vampire. Hero is a talo in which tho kinship appears brosdly marked. On tho atoll of Pcnrhynn, then still partly savage, a certain chief was long tho salutary terror of tho natives. Ho died, ho was buried ; and bis lato noighbors had scareo tasted the dolights of licence cro his ghost appeared about tho vilingc. Fear seizoil upon all; a oouncil was held of the chief men and sor cerers ; and with tho approval of tho Itarotongan missionary, who was as frightened as tho rost, and in the presence of soveral whites — my friend Mr. Ben Herd being ono— tho gravo was opened, deepened until water oamo, and the body reintorred faco down. Tho still recent staking of suicides in England and tho decapi tation of vampires in tho oast of Europe form close parallels. So in Samoa only tho Bpiritg of tho unburied awako fear. During tbo lato war many fell in the bush; their bodies, sometimes headless, were brought back by nativo pastors and in terred ; but this (I know not why) was insuffi cient, and the spirit still lingered on tho theatro of death. When peaco returned a singular scene was enacted in many places, and chiefly round tho high gorges of Luatuanuu, where the struggle was long centred nnd tho loss had been Bevore. Kinswomen of the dead camo carrying a mat or sheet and guided by sur vivors of the fight ; the plaoo of death was earnestly sought out : tho sheet was spread upon tho ground, and tho women, movtd with pious anxiety, Bat about and watohod it. If any living thing alighted it was twice brushed away ; upon tho third coming it was known to be the spirit of tho dead, waa folded in, carried homo and buried beside the body ; and the aitu rested. The rite was practised beyond doubt in simple pioty ; tho repose of the soul was its object — its motive, reverent affection. Tho present king disowns indeed all knowledge of a dangerous aitu ; ho declares the souls of the unburiod were only wanderers in limbo, laok- ing an entrance to tho proper country of tho dead, unhappy — nowise hurtful. And this severely classic opiuiou doubtless represents the viows of tho enlightened. But the flight of my Lafaelo marks the grosser terrors of the ignorant. This belief in the exoroismg efficacy of funeral rites perhaps explains a fact otherwise amazing, that no Polynesian seoms at aU to share oar European dread of human bones and mummies. Of tho first they made thoir cherished orna ments ; they preserved thorn in houses or in mortuary oaves, and the watchers of royal sopulchres dwelt with their children among the bones of generations. Tho mummy, even in tho making, was as little feared. In tho Marquesas, ou the extreme cast, it was mado by tho household with continual unction and exposure to the sun ; in tho Carolines, upon the furthest west, it is still cured in the smoko of the family hearth. Head hunting, besides, atill lives around my doorstep in Samoa, and not ten years ago, in the Gilberts, the widow must disinter, oleanse, polish and thenceforth carry about with her, by day and night, tho head of hor dead husband. In all these cases wo may suppose the process, whether of cleansing or drying, to havo fully exorcised the olay. , But the Paumotuan belief is more obscure. Here the man is duly buried, and he has to be watched." Ho is duly watched, and the spirit goes abroad in spite of watches. Indeed, it is not the purpose of the vigils to prevent these wanderings; only to mollify by polito atten tion tho invoterate malignity of tho doad. Negleot (it is supposed) may irritate and thus invito his visits, and the aged and weakly sometimes balance risks, and, like our widow, stay at homo. And observe, it is tho dead man's kindred and next friends who thuB dep recate his fury with'' nocturnal watohiugs. Even the placatory vigil ia held perilous except in company, and a boy was pointed out to mo in Botonvn because he had watched alono by his own father. Not the ties of the dead, nor yet their proved character, affeot the issue. A late resident, who died in Fakarava of sunstroke, was beloved in lifo and is still remembered with affection ; none the less his spirit wont about the island olothed with ter rors, and tho neighborhood of Govornment House was still avoided after dark. IVo may sum up the cheerful dootrino thus : All men become vampires, and the vampire spares none. And hero we come face to face with a tempting inconsistency. For the whistling spirits are notoriously, olannish ; I understood them to wait upon and to enlighten kinsfolk only, and that the medium .was always of the race of tho com municating spirit. Here, then, we have the bonds of.- the. family, on tho ono hand, Bevorod at the hour of death ; on the other, holpfully persisting — possibly for generations. Tho child's soul in the Tahitian tale was wrapped in loaves. It is the spirits of tho newly dead that are tho dainty ; when they are slain the bouse is stained with blood. Rua's dead fisherman was decomposed ; so— and horribly — was his arboreal demon. Tho spirit, then, is a thing material ; and it is by the material ensigns of corruption that he iB distinguished from the living man. This opinion is widespread, adds a gross terror to tho more ugly Polynesian tales, and sometimes defaces the more ongaging with a painful and incongruous touch. I will givo two examples sufficiently wide apart, one from Tahiti, ono from Samoa. And first from Tahiti. A man went to visit the husband of his sister, then some time dead. In her lifo the sister had been dainty in the island fashion, and went always adorned with a coronet of flowers. In the midst of tho night the brother awoke and was aware of a hoavenly fragrance going to and fro in the dark houso. The lamp I must suppose to havo burned out ; no Tahitian would have slept without one lighted. Awhilo ho lay wondering and de lighted ; then called upon the rest. " Do none of you smell flowers?" ho askod. "Ob," said his brother-in-law, " we are -used to that here.' The next morning these two men went walking, and the widower confessed that his dead wife camo about the house continually, and that he had even seen hor. She was shaped and dressed and crowned with flowers as in her lifetime ; only bIio moved a few inohes above the oai'th with a very easy progress, and flitted dry shod above the surface of tho river. And now comes my point — it was always in a bnok view that she appeared, and these brothers-in-law, debat ing tho affair, agreed that this was to conceal the inroads of corruption. Now for the Samoan Btory. I owe it to tho kindness of Dr. F. Otto Sierioh, whoso collec tion of folk talcs I expect with a high degree of interest A man in Manua was married to two wives and had no issue. He went to Savaii, married there a third, and was more fortunate. When his wife was near hor time he remembered he was in a strange island, liko a poor man ; and when his child was born, he must bo ashamed for look of gifts. It was in vain his wife dissuaded him. He returned to his father in Manua, seeking help; and with what ho could get he set off in tho night to ro-embark. Now his wives heard of his coming : they wore incensed lie did not stay to visit them, and on the bcacb, by his canoe, inter cepted and slew him. Now, the third wife lay asleep in Savaii, hor babo was born and slept by her side ; and she was awakonod by tho spirit of her husband. " Get up," he said, " my father is sick in Manua, and wo must go to visit him." "It is well," said sho; "take you tbo ohild, while I carry its mats." "I cannot oarry the child, said tho spirit ; I am too cold from the sea." Now, when they woregotonboardthe canoe the wife smelt carrion. " How is this T " she said. "What havo you in the canoo that I should smell carrion?" "It is nothing in tho canoo," Baid the spirit. "It is the land wind blowing down tho mouutains, where somo boast lies dead. It appears it was still night when they reached Manua — tbo swiftost passago upon record — and as they entered the reef tho balo fires burned in tho village. Again she asked him to carry the child ; but now ho need no more dissemble. "I cannot carry, your child," said he, "for I am dead, and tho fires you sec are burning for my funeral." The curious may learn in Dr. Sierioh'a book tho unexpected scqncl of tho tale. Hero is enough for my purpose ; and you will observe that though the man was but new dead the ghost was already putrefied, as though putrefac tion were the mark and of thoessonce of a spirit. The vigil on the Paumotuan "grave doe not extend beyond two weeks, and they told mo this poriod was thought to ooincido with that of tho resolution of tho body. Tho ghost always marked with decay, tho daugor seemingly ending with the process of dissolution, hero is tempting matter for tho theorist. But it will not do. Tho lady of tho flowers had been long dead, and her Spirit wna still Biipposod to hear tho brand of perishability. The resident had bocn more than a fortnight buried, and his vampire was still sup posed to go tho rounds. Of tho last state of tho dead, from tho lurid Mangaian leppvud. in whioh infernal deities harass and destroy tho souls of all, to the various submarine and tcrial limbos whore tho doad feast, float idlo, or rosamo the occupa tions of thoir life on earth, it would bo weari some to tell. Ono Btory I 'givo for it is singular in itsolf, is well known in Tahiti, and has this ot interest, that it is post Christian, dating, in- deod, from but a few years back. A Princess of tho reigning house died, wss transported to tho neighboring isle of Roiatea ; fell there under tho empire of a spirit who condemned hor to climb ooeoa palms all day and bring him tho nuts ; was found after somo timo in this misersblo servitude by a seoond spirit, ono of her own houso ; and by him, upon her lamentations, reconveyod to Tahiti, where sho found her body still marked but already swollen with tho approaohes of corruption. It is a lively point in tho tale that, on tho sight of this dishonored tabernacle, tho Princoss prayed alio might con tinue to be numbered .with tho dend. But it seems it was too late, hor spirit was replaced by tho least dignified of cntrancos, and hor startled family behold the body move. Tho seomingly purgatorial labors, tho helpful kindred spirit, and tho horror of tho Princess at tho Bight of her tainted body, are all tho poiuts to be remarked. Tho truth is the talcs are not nccossarHy con sistent in themselves ; and thoy nro furthor darkened for tho stranger by an ambiguity of language. Gliosis, vampires, spirits uuu gous are all confoundod. And yet I socm to per- coivo that (with exceptions) those whom wo would count gods' were not maleficont. Per manent spirits haunt nnd do murder in corners of Samoa ; but those legitimate gods of Upolu and Savaii, where wars and crieketings of late convulsed sooicty, I did not gather to bo dreaded, or not with a liko fear. The spirit of Aaua that ato souls is cortainly a fcarsomo in mate; but tho high gods, even of tho archi- pslago, seem oven helpful. Mahinui — from whom our convict-oatechist had been named — tho spirit of tho sea, liko a Proteus, endowed with endless avatars, oamo to the assistance of the shipwrecked, and carried them ashore in tho guise of a ray fish. The same divinity bore priests from isle to islo about the archipelago, and by his aid, within the century, porsons havo been seen to fly. The tutelar dioty of each islo is likewise hoipful, and by a particular form of wedgo shaped olond on tho horizon, announces tho coming of a ship. To one who conceives of those atolls, so narrow, so barren, so beset in tho sea, here would seem a superfluity of ghostly denizens. And yet there are more. In the various brackish pools and ponds beautiful women with long red hair are seen to riso and bathe, only (timid as mice) on tho first sound of t feet upon the coral thoy divo again for ever. They are known to bo healthy and harmless living people, dwollers of an under world ; and the same fancy is current in Tahiti, whore also they havo tho hair red. Tea is tho Tahitian name ; the Paumotuan, llokurea. Evon whito sailors who ply in tho archipelago becomo infected with superstitions, or what seem to bo so. It iB possiblo enougii that an atoll may be visible to great distances, by tbo green radiance of the' lagoon projected on the atmosphere. That a cloud always indicates tho position of a navigable passage I think we may deny. 