CHAPTER IV. After lighting Mr. .Lintock'n lamp, Ducket had descended to tho bnsoniant on a level with the wharf. It was a hugo storeroom ; itt urea represented the dimensions of tho entire Warehouse ; and although thero wero pilerf ot mcrclmndmo on all sides of the iron pillars which sup ported' tho floor above, its groat fcize was still apparent, for thero wero avenues in every direction between those goodly piks wide enough for the trucks to run to and fro. ? . ''?..'? ^i ' Near the river entrance to this store room stood a wooden shed ; it had a door facing the mnin avenue, and a small win dow on each side. On the door was written 'Supfirintondent'solHoe.' Ducket raised the hitch and stepped in. Thoro was a desk under one of tho windows, ami under tho other stood a stovo with a fun nel disappearing through a hrrlo in: tho wobd- work. *' ? ? - '? The foreman drew up a chair in ' front of tli i.s stove, and having looked n t the lire and fed it with charcoal, he begun to np pease his appetite -mt of a pail and 11 blackened tin can with a cork in it. Ho atu'hb supper with appnront. rolish ; but the mixture in the can did not seem to his tn»t», for he rejected it with a grimace after the first draught. ' ; ' I'd rather drink n pint of 'senna,'? he. declared, driving the cork homo emphati cally with the palm of hia hand, 'than another drop nf that stuuVV ;' He lit hi* t''l'! *ith an air of resigna tion, h-;i.ii ? 1 k in hi* chair aiid.it arud perplcstdly at the tin can. Had anvona been plajiug hiin ? trick r Hu wui be ginning to get eo sleepy that the wall* of the sued appeared to expand, and his head to grow proportionately larger. It waa a maddening sensation. He tried to throw off his' drowsiness, for he was the sole watchman in tho building. If any catastrophe occurred the blame would fall on his shoulders. Ducket took his lantern and went out. He began to pace up and down the centre .avenue between pyramids of bales. No matter whether he turned to the right or left he was always becoming more and more impressed with the fact that uncer tainty lay beyond. This soon ended by tho lantern's falling from his hand and going out ; then ho sank on the ground with his head resting on a hard bale. ' Was be dreaming ? It seemed to Ducket as iu a dream that someone glided past him like a ghost, and that a light flashed before his eyes ; then an interval of darkness and confusion followed, until lie awoke with a start, strongly convinced that he had been roused by the clang of the warehouse bell. Could it be Over beck at the gate already ? It was surely not ten o'clock ! The foreman struggled to his feet and groped bis way toward the superintendent's office. As ho went along with outstretched hands he experienced a dull singing in his ears. '? ? ??- ? .;? ? ?? ???? :?:-; Was it the gate-bell vibrating in his be wildered brain ? .:-? :?? -I .?»:;' Ducketvfound the stove 'fire still burn ing, though low. Ho took a lantern fronr tho wall, ' and lighting it glanced anxiously at the dock. ? ' Halt-past ten !' he ' exclaimed ; 'why— » It was the warehouse bell. , It was no dream now ; , it sounded liko an alarm, . it was so incessant, Still half dazed with the oppressing effect of his unnatural sleep, Ducket hurried aoross the yard, and unlooking the side door leading into Thames streot, found himself face to face with Percy Overbeck/ ? ;' V With an air of suppressed impatience ho said: _' ,' . ?.'??? 'Why are you so dilatory in oponing the door ?',??.. .'. . - ' I only heard the bell a minute ago, sir.' ??' ?. ?? ?;?.??'? ?;. ;? ,, ? ' ' How'* that ? 1 have been ringing at short intervals for nearly half-an-hour. Ia there anything wrong?' . . Ducket looking puzzled at Overbeok's excited face, Answered-: 'I very much suspect that— ' 'What?' ???'?.?? V That I've beon drugged. That's why I couldn't come. I fell asleep ; the noise of tho bell awoke me.' The excited expression on Orerbook's face increased. ' ' Are you here alone !' ' I'm the only one on duty ; but I'm not alone in the warehouse,' said tho foreman ; «? Mr. Lintock is here.' Ovorbeck hurriedly demanded : 'Wfcere?' . ' , , ' .'In his ofllco up-stnirs. I left' him thero busy writing at his desk. ' 'When?' .'.'.'1 'Somo hours ago— before. I.. abacame drowsy.' ,, '.flours ago ?:?. Show the way as quick as you can to Mr. Lintook's room.' Ducket, still more perplexed at Ovor beck's mnnner, hastennd iip-stairs with out a word, no w«s Feizod with a dread ful senso of apprehension ; and on open ing Mr. Lintock's door, ho uttered a sup pro»Bed' cry. Tho ' wharf -owner's room was empty ; but the lamn utmn his desk ?was burning, and' tho light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset upon the'tnblo, and tlia ink' was triokling down into a pool upon the floor. ' ? . ? Ovorbeck stopped forward, took a quick glance round him. Then ho looked keenly at Duckot. ' GlogBtoun has been hore. Ho and Mr. Lintnck have met.' , Tlio foreman's face expressed a look of horror. , . 'Now, Duokot,' said Poroy Overbeok, plncint: his hand upon tho 'foreman's shoulder, ? 4 nerve yourself. Let us search tho warehouse.' The wnrohott'ao was explored from roof to basement. The foroman who had known overy- turning among tho dark lanes of merchandise sinco boyhood, took the load, flashing his hinlorn into every nook nnd corner. On ouch floor thoy called on Mr. Lintock loudly by name ; but only an eoho of thoir voices reached thorn. Thoy stood onco more within the wharf-owner's room. ? ' Duckot,' said Overbeck, ' cast your eyes carefully around. Is anything mis sins?' The light from the foreman's lantern moved over tho floor and then slowly round tho walls. Suddenly it stopped bo hind Mr. Lintock's chair. , 'Do you seo that peg, sir ?' 'Yes.' - 'That key should be thero. ' It's gone.' 'What key?' . ' The* key, sir, to that private door ;' and Ducket pointed to a door opposite tho window. '.,??' ; '-? [' Imt,'!,said Overbeck, ' that leads out upon the whnrf. -.' And,' ho added, turn ing the handle, ' it's locked. What can it menn ?' ' ',;.. ?..'?. 'It means,' said the foreman with sudden inspiration, 'that, dead or alive, maMor has gono out by that door.' ? Without loss of time, by means of tho superintendent's key, ' they made their way ont upon the landing-ntngo. Thoy looked eagerly across tho dark river. The tido was lapping monotonously ngainst tho sidos of tho wharf ; chains wero rattling; boats and barges mooted along side creaked and strained at their ropes. Presently Ducket, who wciit flashing about with his lantern, cried out : .' ' There's a boat gone 1' ? ' .' Ah ! Is tho tide ebbing ?' ? ' Ay, sir, ebbing fast.' ' Overbook reflected a moment ; then ho said,: ? ' ' Give ine.thp lantern.' Ducket obeyed. ' Now,' added Overheck, ' unfasten n boat, and lot us row down tho stream. Wn arc on tho track,'! hope, at last.' ' The foreman quickly set to work. There was a boat suited to thoir purposo lying outside ubargo ; it was soon loosened and ready to start. 'I'll take tho sculls,' said Overbeck, 11a lie stepped into his place. ' You shall Rtqer. You know this part of the river butter than 1 do. Are you ready ?' ' Right with tho tide, Mr. Ovorbeck ?' ' Yus, by. all moans ; with tlio tide.' And so, with Ducket grunping tho rud I«r and Overbook Hie sculls, the boat innvnd out into inid-stroiitn. On they ivent with the ebbing tide, under the black shudnwe of. hujie tihips nnd towering iwrehouses until Uuclrcit's lantern was i mere speck of gliding light in tho dnrk ?esB.' ???????? '. ' .:' ' . \- * ' * * Bertha Lintock, although made ?.'ware in a mossago from kor father that ks should not return until late, began to grow anxious towards tnidnjght. Sho paced up and down her room, and con stantly listened for the sound of wheels in the carriage-drive ; the unpleasant affair, of which Percy Overbeck had spoken to her reassuringly, recurred to her mind. Though trusting in Percy, she could not conquer her strong presenti ment of danger; for, when a child, Wytlired's wharf had made a deep im pression upon Bertha. While -walking at her fathor'a side through tho great sombre store-rooms, they had reached some pas sage— walled with bales of merchandise so dark and narrow that she shrunk back with sudden fright, and would go no further. ' That was her first visit, and she had never entered it Bince. . Presently, Bortha heard a hurried step outside the house. She ran to the win dow and threw it opon. ? Overbeok stood below. .:..:????.? ,-:: ? 1 ' Percy, has anything happened ?' she asked. ' Where is my father?' 'He i9 here, Bertha— at the gate. You have no need to be alarmed!'' . Bertha hastened into the hall. : . Percy Overbeck met her at the door, and they went into the dining-room to gether. ? ? ? 'j- ? . .. ' 'Your father has been again seized with that odd fancy,' Percy hastens to tell her. ; 'He believes -that- /while seated in his office this evening, Clogstoun threatened him. v Panic-stricken, he os oaped from this phantom, or reality, down his private stairense leading to the wharf. - Hore, groping , his way to tho barges, ho dropped into a boat, and, sot ing.. it adrift, went out' with the tide. Ducket and I — to cut a long story short — overtook the boat, and — '' ? ? ' At this moment Mr. Lintook slowly en tered the room, loaning on Ducket's arm. His clothes wore wot and bespattered with mud. Seeing his 'daughter, lie stop pod toward her, but losing strength, sank into a chair. - . . Bertha ran to his sido and bent over him. ? ' .. .????'?? :. ' Aro you hurt, father?' ' ; 'No, my dear, oiily exhausted. Poroy and our old friend Ducket,' said ho, looking up gratefully into \thoir faces, 'have saved ray life.' , ' The -wharf-owner's nerves wero badly shaken. But- few days' rest, under his daughter's, thoughtful supervision, re stored him to health. . Clogstoun's faco novcr haunted Mr. Lintock again j for on tho day aftor this occurrence, tho man was found at the warehouse among somo bags of sea damaged hemp-seed, breathing his last; and as a small phial wns discovered at his side containing traces of a narcotic j it was conjectured that ho had poured this drug, into Ducket's tin can, and had himself swallowed the rest with a strong resolvo, to bring his wretched oxiatenco to an end. For somo timo Mr. Lintock avoided the Biibject of his flight from tho olliceand from tho faco. It appeared, however, that.nt tho moment when Clogstoun forced his way Into the room,' the wharf owner retreated through tho privato door. This door ho looked^ behind him, in ordor to cut off pursuit ; and thus' separated from tho Thames-street exit by Clogstoun's presence, Mr. Lintook made his esoape by wator. ? 1 In after days, when Bortha had becomo Ovorbeok's wife, they often dwelt on that miduight affair at Wythred's wharf ; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on tho watch for Ologstoun, having learnt something of his haunts and habits, had rensou to suppose that ho had found a mentis of getting- into the wharehousb. For this roo-s'on ho had appointed that meeting with Ducket,, though scarcely imagining that events would tako suoli tv strange turn as they had done. Ah manhood and womanhood open up, discrimination is necoseary between what ought to be remembered aai what it wore botftr to forget, Ono good general rale whialo holds through lite is to forget as speedily aa posaiblo the evil wbioh wo see around us and even within us; for evil, Him a plant, thrives in the light and withora in the darkness. Drought into open view, talked about, thought about, and stored iu remembrance, its tendency 1b to reproduce itself. , Co.mplijients, whioh we think sre de nerved, we acoept only as dobts, with in ijin'ovonce ; but those whose conscience informs us we do not merit, wa receive with tho same gratitudo that we do favors given nwfty. ' 