"IN DARKEST ENGLAND." "GENERAL" BOOTH'S SOCIAL REGENERATON SCHEME. "General" Booth chose the final day of his preliminary visit to Melbourne for the public introduction of the scheme already set forth in his book, In Darkest England and the Way Out. In the afternoon he gave a special address at the Athenæum-hall, for the edification of members of Parliament and others, to whom tickets of invitation had been issued. This was, however, at best but a dress rehearsal of the speech to be delivered in the evening, and the "General" confessedly re- served the full explanation of his ideas and the discussion of some of the more important questions involved for the larger platform of the Exhibition. At the after- noon's address, Sir M. H. Davies, the Speaker, took the chair, and Sir James MacBain, President of the Legislative Council, and many members of both Houses were present, as well as several leading clergymen, and the hall was crowded. A vote of thanks, proposed by Professor Morris and seconded by the Rev W. A. Quick, closed the proceedings, which were throughout of the most enthusiastic character. At the Exhibition in the evening an audience numbering not less than 10,000 was present to hear the scheme, and it was notable that the Salvationist and even the purely religious element, which has been con- spicuous during the whole series of meetings, was on this occasion altogether outnumbered by people whose interest in the address was probably of an entirely political character. This alteration had apparently been foreseen and prepared for, because though the hall was crowded by a quarter- past 6 o'clock, that is to say an hour and a half before the meeting was announced to commence, little attempt was made to repeat the songs and exhortations which have till now been the unfailing preliminary of "General" Booth's gatherings. The Salva- tionist band was indeed present, but its selections were of the most secular type known in the army repertory. When at last the "General" appeared on the plat- form a religious tone stole over the gathering. The Rev G. C. Grubb prayed, and a psalm was sung by the whole strength of the audience, after which Mr. W. McLean was voted to the chair. "Commissioner" COOMBS, after the opening ceremony, announced that the "General" would pay a return visit to Melbourne on November 13, and remain until the 18th, when a magnificent series of meetings would be held. The outline already prepared included the dedication of the "cavalry forts," the dedication of a band of "soldiers" who were "to take Western Australia for Jesus," the commissioning of the "field artillery," the name applied to a band of sisters and brothers who were to travel from village to village, and the commissioning of the "slum sisters," a band of women who were to spend their life in the slums helping the lowest and the worst. (Hallelujah.) "General" BOOTH, who was most enthu- siastically received, said that he wished to talk on one of the most important topics which could engage the attention of men. He would begin by dealing with one or two mistaken prejudices which had sprung up in the old country. It was a mistake to think that the Salvation Army thought themselves the only people who sympathised with the necessities of the poor or who were working to relieve them. Outside the borders of the army there were thousands of people who were working in the same precious movement. He hoped that they and the army would fight side by side to drive sin and misery and the devil out of the world. Another mistaken notion was that the scheme was a calling together of all the charitable contributions and all the charitable workers for a new untried scheme, and the stopping of all old charitable works. People said, "General" Booth wants £1,000,000 and £100,000 down, and £30,000 a year. Could not Great Britain spend £1,000,000 of money to help these poor starving wretches, when every year it spent £130,000,000 in drink and when every year the nation was putting away £200,000,000 of savings to curse themselves and their prosperity? If Great Britain could not raise the money he would come across the seas again and ask Australia to raise it. (Applause.) He could not help feeling ashamed of the indifference of the Christian churches to the misery around them. They seemed to have lost the art of begging. If "General" Booth could teach them nothing else he could teach them how to make a collection. (Applause.) There was also a foolish idea among the Christian churches that this scheme was intended to proselytise for the Salvation Army. Was it not better that the harlot should leave the streets and enter into the kingdom of heaven, even if she did go in a Hallelujah bonnet? (Applause.) Lastly, as to the statements that the balance sheets of the Salvation Army were not as straightforward and as public as they ought to be in England and in Australia. He gave it the lie direct. Whoever made the statement again should in all justice prove his words or else let the ghost be laid never to rise again. Now, as to the scheme itself. He was very much surprised to find the interest which it had excited not only in Eng- land and in Australia, but in Norway and Sweden and Germany. The question touched upon was of world wide interest, because it concerned the common family and the common brotherhood of man. And the first great fact to be considered was the stupendous character of the misery to be dealt with. He took the number of people at 3,000,000, and he divided them into three classes; first, the destitute, the people who were always hungry, the mothers who were compelled to hear their children crying for food, the strong man feeling his strength decaying hour by hour, and all longing for the friendly hand of death to release them. Let them think of the miseries of these people, and then say that if there is a way of getting these people out of it it ought to be taken. In England and Wales there were 1,100,000 paupers accepting pauper relief, although it was a characteristic of the British people to hate parish relief, and to prefer to die and rot in the streets than to accept it. Then there were the drunkards, 500,000 men and women who could not tear themselves away from drunkenness - who drink because they must drink though they knew that it was killing their bodies and damning their souls. Could not something be done to deliver these drunkards from bondage? Then came the poor fallen women for whom there was very little pity. There they were, cursing society back again; going on to curse themselves and curse humanity that cursed them. Oh, why didn't the women do something to help these poor creatures?' The third division was the criminals. How could they expect 100,000 men in prison or out of it to be anything else than criminals after they had once gone wrong? Why should not something be done for them? Were they to be left to perish? In Great Britain there was nothing but punishment for women and men. Of these three classes he made up his 3,000,000 of people in misery. Some people said this was too many - take 2,000,000 off. Did anybody ever count a million? It would take them just three days and a half to do it and they would have to remember that every unit represented a human soul without hope for this world or the next. Ought not these people to be helped? It could be done, and if people only made up their minds, with the help of God it would be done. If they were sheep perishing, humanity would at least shoot them to put them out of their misery. But they could not shoot these people, therefore they must be helped. For convenience he made a second division of two classes. The first, those who had fallen through misfortune; the second, those who had fallen through misconduct. The first class comprised the people who wanted not charity, but work; and, as he had told the people of England, if there was no work for them, then the Government ought to find it for them. Sell some of the ironclads, and spend the money in relieving human misery. (Hear, hear.) For the second class there was very littlo pity. "Serves them right," said people. Supposing that a woman fell in the street and broke her leg, what a crowd there would be; how soon she would be sent to the hospital and treated by the highest medical skill. But supposing the same woman fell down in s drunken state. What was her lot, irony and scorn. And yet she had fallen - she had slipped. No one knew what her temptations might have been, or what drove her to it. In his opinion, she deserved more pity, and needed more help than if she had simply broken her leg. He knew a man, now a Salvationist, whose father and mother were drunkards, who was sent out at eight years of age to steal, who had spent 30 years in prison, who had never known any life but the life of crime. Supposing that the history of that man and the judge who sentenced him to seven years penal servitude had been reversed, was it not a ccrtainty that it would have been the judge who would have undergone the seven years penal servitude? Now for the plan. Could it be done? It was a scheme of prevention as well as of care. Some people said, "General, you haven't got a plan for the children." He replied, "There's several things I haven't got a plan for. I haven't got a plan yet for the inhabitants of the moon." (Applause ) But he had a plan for the children - an old fashioned plan - he saved them by saving their fathers and mothers. (Applause.) In all the cities of Great Britain there was a mass of honest, hard working men - men who had made England what she was today - working and keeping a wife and children on 10s. , 12s. , and 14s. per week. There were these men who could turn their hands to hundreds of things that were needed by a new country. His plan embraced these also. It was going to prevent from falling those who had not fallen as yet. How was he going to do it? He appealed to the audience as reasoning people to look at the principles which lay at the base of the plan. They were the only principles on what men and women could be saved - the only principles on which the poor could be saved, the principles on which the rich could be saved some day. There was John Jones, hungry, starving, who came to their door asking for bread. No use offering him a tract, or a War Cry. No use praying with him, and inviting him to hear the minister. What John Jones wanted was something to eat, and somewhere to lay his head, and a pair of boots. Nothing would get to John Jones' heart, but giving him something for his stomach. For John Jones the scheme provided a harbour of refuge on principles which could not further demoralise the man, which could not foster him in those habits of idleness which were the ruin of men and women, whether they were ladies or geutlemen or not. For twopence the scheme gave him a bed and food and a place to wash, for the scheme made everybody wash, which was more than the hotels did - (laughter) - and allowed him to walk about in a state of nature while his shirt dried. And when a man had not been washed for four years a wash did him good. (Applause and laughter.) What else did these men want? They wanted Hope. He ("General" Booth) was a great believer in humanity, and if he had his choice between operating on 50 drunkards and harlots, or on 52 chapel-going people, and to risk his head on the results, he would rather choose the drunkards and the harlots. The scheme gave the hopeless and the lost a ladder to climb up to the very battlements of heaven, if they would only work - for it was impossible to help a man unless he helped himself - and something else was wanted, without which the scheme was not worth the paper it was written on - reformation. They must change the man. He was willing to have salvation in three volumes - temporal salvation. spiritual salvation, and eternal salvation. (Hear.) And if he could get no further than the first, he did not think his head would be any more uneasy on his dying pillow, because be had given temporal hope and comfort to so many of the lost and helpless. First, he relied upon human love, human sympathy; secondly, there was the inducement of earthly advantages. If a man had a chance of getting his own cottage and his own land and a wife and children and a comfortable home, and of rising by his own efforts even higher, didn't it place a spell upon a man? Lastly, he relied upon divine grace. ( Hallelujah!) "What," some people said, "you are going to make your religion a condition? No; whether a man believed in the Bible, or in God, or not, they took him in. A man might live an infidel and die an infidel, and have a stone put over his grave if he could pay for it, and to say he died an infidel, and the scheme would take him in. No, the conditions were these -first. Necessarily the man must be perishing, helpless, wanting help. Second. He must be willing to work - the scheme could not keep a man who would not keep himself, nor could God. Third. He must obey orders and discipline. People said, "There's that man, he's a hopeless drunkard. He's taken the pledge 30 times. Three lovely young ladies have pinned the blue ribbon on his breast, and he's had an extra half pint every time on the strength of it. Will you take him in? We replied, ' Bring him in, and if he cant keep away from the drink, we'll keep the drink away from him. Or they said, "Look at that girl. She's a bad girl, a wicked girl." And again he replied, "Bring her in, I've got some angels inside in the shape of young women." (Hallelujah. ) Bring them in, no matter who they were, he would try and find a heart and a conscience in them. He would try and get the arms of God about them, and by the grace of God he would succeed. (Hallelujah.) One or two words in conclusion. First they knew that the scheme divided itself into three platforms. First to take hold of the man and mould him and shape him as iron was moulded. But how about the fallen that wouldn't work? He could say nothing better than that if they refused to work when it was offered to them, he hoped that Government would count idleness a crime - he didn't mean among the rich, so they needn't be afraid - but that when a man refused to work for the support of his wife and children he should be "run in." (Applause.) The keeper would say, 'There's your work and there's your breakfast. When you have done one you can have the other. Postpone breakfast until dinner-time, till you like, or have a day of fasting for your past sins, or wait till tomorrow, but you'll do your work before you get any thing to eat. (Hear, hear.) First on his plan was City Colony, where men were taught to work. And when they were considered fit they were transferred to the farm colony, and a block of 1,150 acres had already been purchased on which 500 men were already employed, and on which by Christmas he hoped to employ 2,000 men. On this farm they could have agriculture and fruit-growing, and vegetable-growing, and jam- making, and breed cattle and horses and poultry, and supply chickens not more than four years old and eggs not staler than last Christmas, and make the very best sausages that ever were heard of. (Laughter.) They would be taught all the trades necessary in the colony, and they would live on each other like fish. (Laughter.) In fact, if it only had a Salvation Army it would be the land of Eden all over again. If that could be done in the old country, and these people kept until they were quite fit to be trusted, then they would be transported to the third stage of the scheme - the colony oversea - to some country occupied by generous people who had the art to see that these were exactly the kind of people that a rising nation wanted - to some country where they would be welcome. This was different to the theory of sending criminals unreformed to the country. Here was a prepared people. Like the chosen people they would come out of the Egypt of the city into the wilderness of the farm colony, and at last, with singing and rejoicing, over the Jordan into the Canaan of the oversea colony. These men would not lay about the cities after landing, spending the little money they had. They would not be allowed to swell a drinking shop. Now for some objections. It was objected very strongly that this scheme would injure the working man. This rested on the false idea that there was only as much work as there were workers, and that if you multiplied the worker you lowered wages, and that if you multiplied products you reduced wages. He was not going to undersell anyone, for underselling was a devilish business. As he said about his matches \- for he had gone into the match line and the rag and bone line - there had been a great outcry about sweating in the match line. 'Here, instead of 2 1/4d. to 2 1/2d. per gross we'll pay 4d., so that a mother can earn enough to maintain her in comfort." These matches were not sold cheaper, but rather a little dearer; for people when they bought them needn't fear that they had been made by the bloody fingers of some wretched starving wife and mother. The army were going into the land business, and the manu- facturing business was only a preliminary. They were going to found towns in the country, and instead of sending people into the cities they were going to bring them out into the country. 'Put the people on the land," that was the war cry of the scheme. 'They were bent on taking the men out of the crowded labour markets in the town. People were crowding into the towns. Why, because there was no life in the country, no music, no dancing no football matches. Well the army should give them football - which would teach them to kick the devil about, and singing, and dancing, and music and they would give them the grace of God into the bargain. Sixty per cent of the crowded masses had come from the country. The scheme said " Send them back again." Already messages from England told him that the scheme was progressing favourably. That very night 3,000 men and women would sleep beneath the refuge roof - men and women who would otherwise have been in the streets, or in houses of ill fame, or in that place next door to hell itself, the common lodging house. Finally, as to the locality of the oversea colony. He wished them to understand that they would go nowhere where they were not welcome. He had been offered an estate of several thousand acres in Buenos Aires, with water carriage, and close to another large capital. Again he had been offered the million acres with exemption from conscription. Another offer was that they should found a salvation state under their own flag. But he preferred the British flag. (Applause.) In South Africa they were eager for him to come, but he thought it just to Australia to come and make inquiries before accepting any offer. People called him a dreamer, but most of his dreams had had a marvellous success. He wished them to think of him not as belonging to the Salvation Army but as a member of the great church of the saving God, the brotherhood of humanity. He wished them to claim him as a brother, and to help him to bring some poor, sinking souls to the shore. And in saying good-bye he hoped to meet them again, if not on earth, then in heaven. General Booth resumed his seat amidst tremendous applause. A vote of thanks to the speaker, proposed by Mr. R. Reid and seconded by the Rev G. C. Grubb, closed the meeting. 