HINDRANCES TO THE DIVINE WORK IN THE AUSTRALIAN CHURCH. How grave a subject to venture to deal with. Hindrances to the Divine work. The very thought is terrible ; who would choose to ?write about it? Rather does it suggest the quiet hour of self-;; ^examination before God, and the heartfelt prayer for pardon. Doubly idifficult is it-to write of it for such an assembly as this, for it is almost iimpbssible to avoid appearing to find fault with the work of those who jare far older, and wiser, and holier than myself. May God, the Holy 'Srnvif nrnaovtro -ma fvnm 't.Vib cnii-itnf -fn.rTlfc-finViinP ' TKlftV He enable me Ito say what may be true —and because true, helpful ; and may He at ithe same time prevent the self-love of any here from turning away and blunting the force of such warning as may be in my words, by Ithe thought, What right has this man to speak or to judge ? .To judge, I have neither right nor desire; to speak is my duty, and I speak as unto wise men. In the name of God, I call upon you to judge what I say. ; Hindrances may come direct from God for purposes of trial and warning. When the children of Israel entered Canaan, cheered by the promise of success, and flushed with an amazing triumph, there fell upon them swift and sudden disaster. They fled before the children of Ai. God seemed to hinder them rather than to help them. But the intention was that they should seek out and try their ways, and put away the wickedness that was really the cause of hindrance. Hindrances then that seem to come from God, are not excuses for us to shelter behind; they are calls to us to see what fault lies in our selves. He changes not. He has said ' Go forward.' He has promised us victory. It must be we who fail Him, not He who fails us. ... Hindrances come direct from the devil. These we must expect. We ought to be surprised if it were not so. If we find nohindrances from evil, the grave thought must come to us, are we making any real effort for good ? Our hope in this case i3 not that the hindrances will cease, but that we shall have power to overcome them. The danger here is not in effort, but in compromise. If we want our work to succeed, the sooner we realise that life is a battle-ground, and the victory has to be won, and that all voices that tell of peace on this side of the grave are traitor voices, the better for us. Sin, in its count less manifestations, now hideous in their nakedness, now fair in their manifold disguises — these are the works of the devil, these are the great hindrances to the work of God here as everywhere. But our hope is, not that sin will cease to be sin, but in the truth that the Son of God was manifested that He might destroy the works of the devil ; that greater is He that is in us, than they that be with them; that united with Him who went forth conquering and to conquer, we shall be able to hurl back the opposing host in disordered rout. Hindrances undoubtedly come from the circumstances in. which we are placed. And here in a new land, where, within a measure able space of time, the name of Christ, our Saviour, was entirely unknown, it is easy to dwell on many manifest hindrances. The unsettlement and excitement of the early days of this colony, for instance, may be pointed out as most unfavourable^ to the quiet growth of spiritual life; but when all has been said it must be admitted that the power of the Good News of the Kingdom of God has been strong enough to overcome, in great measure, those hindrances. The Church has grown — grown marvellously, _ grown steadily ; and the lesson for us would seem to be that if we will only take courage and go forward, we shall be able to surmount our difficulties, as those before us did theirs. Hindrances there have been, and are, from want of money for the spread of God's Kingdom ; but when we remember that our fellow Churchmen came from a land favoured by the accumulated benefactions of generations of faithful children of the Church, to a land where Christ was unknown ; and when we think how the grants of State money, never very large, were at short notice withdrawn, and how nobly our brethren— both clergy and lay — met the crisis, again we seem to see that the hindrances which come from the circumstances in which we are placed are none too great for the might of God ; and if we be but true to ourselves and to Him, we shall say to each mountain of difficulty as it confronts us, ' Be thou removed and be, thou planted in the sea,' and it shall obey us. Better not dwell on these outward hindrances too much, for they may only be a ground of deadly self-excusing. It is in ourselves we: shall find the only really dangerous hindrances to the work of God. This is a devotional meeting, one in which we .come to devote our Belves anew to God's service. What better then can we do than ask Him, to Whom all hearts are open, from Whom no secrets are hid, to let us see ourselves as He sees us — as we shall see ourselves one day in the penetrating brightness of His presence ? Can there be in us any hindrances to the Divine work ? O Thou God of Truth and of Mercy,- show us, and forgive us, and help us, for Jesus? sake. Amen. ' And first I would set the constant tendency to forget that the ministry is a sacred vocation, and not a human profession. We have no excuse for forgetting it. Our ordinal sets it in the very forefront of the solemn questions addressed to us at ordination. ' Do you trust that you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office and ministration to serve God for the promoting of His glory, and the edifying of His people ?' And we said, ' I trust so.' Aye, and meant it too. I venture to believe that few men are now tempted to say that without meaning it. It was our Mount of Transfigura tion; we were face to face with God. But on the morrow we came down to an ever closer grapple with the realities of life. We had intended to remain ' other' than the majority, but alaB ! how soon the radiance of That Presence seemed to fade away, and in the worry, and anxiety, and toil about ways and means, and all the machinery of a clergyman's life, it became hard to distinguish us from the general run of men; We were successful or unsuccessful, popular or unpopular; we fell into a professional rut, and we jogged along in it, contented or discontented, but very unlike what we had hoped. Was it all a dream, and are we now awake ? or was that moment of voca tion the most real in our life ? One or other must be true. Can we doubt which ? I believe there can be no more fatal hindrance to the work of God which we are called upon to do, than that we Bhould attempt to do it except as a vocation— something we are called upon by Him to undertake, something which we do for Him, something for which we are prepared to give account to Him and Him alone. It hinders us at every turn. It implies a lack of that vital energy of faith which can alone do the Divine work. We fall into formalism, almost unconsciously perhaps, in our religious offices. We are never allowed to forget the people among whom we minister; ' coram populo' ' becomes the motto of the professional cleric, while ' ' in the sight of, God' is the thought of the faithful minister. Popularity is more of; greater importance than our faithfulness to the Master. Our very studies, instead of being turned to the Holy Scriptures, are drawn off to more popular subjects, and we become men of the world, when we were especially called to be men of God. Let us ask God to give us back, our early enthusiasm, to grant us the childlike spirit which can say, 'Speak, Lord, for Thy servant heareth,' and we shall find all strength in Him. Another grave hindrance to the Divine work is the ease with which we are drawn off from the Light of the World to follow every will-o'-the-wisp that modern humanitarian reformers cause to dance before us. The modern Gospel is — 'Material progress— the remedy for all evil.' . Our Gospel is— 'Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.' These are absolutely opposed. I do not say we should be ignorant of, or indifferent to, any movements of the day. 'A Christian is a man to whom Christ intrusts all his fellow-men ; nothing can be foreign to him which concerns any one of his brethren.' But that we should consent to listen to what, after all, is only the echo of the tempter's suggestion, ' All these things will I give Thee, if Thou wilt fall down and worship me,' is surely a- mistake. We have seen too many splendid civilisations topple over in irrecoverable ruin to be deluded in this way. There is no way to success in the Divine work but the way of the Cross — It was the way the Master went, Should not the servant tread it too ? All _ these false methods are hindrances, because they draw our energies off from the methods of Christ. It is well to care for the bodies of men, arid the Church has ever been foremost in such good works ; but we are told our special work is ' to teach, to premonish, to feed and provide for the Lord's family ; to seek for Christ's sheep that are dispersed abroad, arid for His children who are in the midst of this naughty world, that they may be saved through Christ forever.'. . Why is it that the expression— the salvation of souls— is almost unpopular, a phrase we shrink from? Are we too nice, to receive the Master's own words, ' Be not afraid of them that kill the body. Fear Him that, after He hath killed, hath power to cast into Gehenna?' What shall we answer if we are called to give account for lost souls, lost through our neglect? Many activities may seem attractive, but one special work is our duty. God grant we do not hinder His work by our neglect. Again, it is a great hindrance to the work of God ever to be dwelling on its difficulty. How often, in our visiting and our reading we say, ' It is impossible to do what I am called upon to do ;' and then we let this shadow of the impossible veil our failure in what is quite possible. We are too self-indulgent. We began well, perhaps, but soon we fell back, and spent too much time in ingenious excuses, by which we try»to soothe our consciences. We forget that all love is nullified where there is no 'sacrifice ; we forget that our duty lasts on, though the novelty and attractiveness may have passed away ; that of our Great Example it was said, that having loved His own, He loved them unto the end. We should remember that in the history of the Church it is not only the unexpected that has. happened, it is the impossible that has been achieved; but not by looking at it, and : talking about it; but by doing it. ? . Many other hindrances we may easily think of — lack of -community of thought, consequent distrust of one another; the want of systematic ? theological training, resulting in outbursts of Montanistic frenzy, based upon no clear dogmatic teaching, as in Salvationism and its many imitators. All these will run their course, as they have done again and again; but they are hindrances to true growth, and they illustrate the cynical saying, that what we learn ; from history is that no one ever learns anything from history. Hindrances also may, be found in the party spirit which scans closely the regimentals, but ignores the fact that the Captain, the Banner, and the Warfare are the same ; in the pride and jealousy that make us look askance at the success of others, and make us so keen to discover, and merciless to disclose, our brother's failings. All these are hindrances to God's work, . as they would be indeed to any common work. Against these and many others I can only say, may God help us to watch and pray. ? ? ?. ? Last of all, though not least, I place the dissipation of energy which seems to be the ahnost inevitable consequence of modern ways of life and work. 'We Whirl about more,' says a writer, ' but we advance less.' Dissipation of energy is the same as degradation of energy in the physical world. Is it not so in the spiritual world ? We need concentration, elevation of energy. We hear more of methods of work, than of the Divine life, more of activities than of retirement arid recollection. Aetseon devoured by his own dogs is no unfit type of many a clergyman hunted to death by the activities he has set on foot. 'I have not a rnoment I can call my own. My whole time is taken up,' and so on. Surely this is most fatal to all right and true work. It is substituting surface religionism for depth of religious experience. We enter our Cathedral, and we hear a sweet boy's voice telling us— O rest in the Lord, and we are tempted to wonder whether such a thing is possible, and what manner of life they lived who could so speak and sing. We may even venture to pass it off with a sneer at the quietism which did for times gone by, but which would be out of keeping with the progress of the nineteenth century. But that will not serve our turn if we really inquire, for we shall find that those inen who have left the most enduring inark in the Church of God, who have most advanced the Divine work, have just been the very men who, in retirement, best learnt the lesson of restful faith. We shall learn that restlessness is the greatest hindrance to the Divine work, for it takes away from God Who is the Source of all strength, it substitutes fuss for power, it shuts us off from those helps of which my brother, who is to follow, will speak to you ; helps without which we can do nothing, which come only from God, Our Father, Which is in secret, and from Him, in their fullness, to those only who wait patiently for Him. . 