ENGLISH GOSSIP. (ET pua srrciAL connEsroNDEXT.) LOXDOX, DEC 12. "Throughout Greek literature tho dead are said t no longer see" the light or tho sun. More aye; ghosts, according to Homer, '.inhabit the land c the Cimmerians on the border of the ocean strean The Cimmerians, SITS Homer, aro " envelope in,' fog and mist; cor ever does th brighT'" sun gaze down oa them with hi beana*; neither when he advances to tho starr heaven,' ner when he doscsnds again from heave towards earth; but baneful night is spread over th wretched people." Now, if an ancient Greek, wit these thoughts ia his head, could have seen Londo during the last 10 days he would certainly hav imagined himself to ba iu a city designed fo ghosts, and not f:r living men and womat It is at least ten dais since we have teen the EU: or tho smallest patch of blue sky. It has generali, been necessary to have the gas lighted even at noon Moreover, it has been horribly cold, and tho co has not beea of the -kind that mikes you fes sprightly and inclined for exercise, but dull dreary cold. The London fog takes thre forms. It spreads itself like a pall over th »ky ; it.descends lower and rests on the tops of th houses ; it falls to the ground and envelops every body with its stilling vapours. Of course the las fog is the worst. A few years ago there wa3 dreadful ground fog. Vesicles had to be let in the streets all night, the horses bein; unharnessed and led home. People hopeless! lost their way in La (gate circus, though tho circu is not moro than about SO yards across, and thougi it was at the time lightei with the electric light Strange to say, the electric light is less able to pene trate a fog than gas. In the fog I have just beei mentioning, a very powerful electric lamp wa j absolutely invisible at the distance of six yard:;. People cannot become accustomed to London fogs ! They resent them more and more as they grot older, and each» fresh fog finds them wit] impaired temper«. How, indeed, oin a man b happy when bis eyes are streaming and tingling when his throat and nostrils aro choked up, whe: his liver (probably") is disordered, and whe: ho sees no daylight for many days ' to gctber ? A few years ago I had to g. in the depth of wioter to the extreme nortb of Scot land, 500 miles nearer the polar circle than Londot is. I expected some dis ucl experiences, but in fae I was enchanted. One morning I particularly remember. I was coming in the steamer from th island of Lewis, and we entered a glorious frit! with the mountains of Ross on one side and those o Skye on the other. The darkly heaving sea, ove: which innumerable seabirds were flitting, thi turquoise eky, the mountains with their bases whiti with virgin snow and their summits flashed by thi I dawn with the loveliest rose-colour-all formed ¡ 1 scene as beautiful as can be imagined On short there were other wonders. The mountain torreati had become Gothio buildings with myriads of ici pinnacles, each shining like the rarest jewellery, I Then again th» air was BO pure and invigorating that merely to breathe it and more ia it was £ luxury. Yes, winters can bo very charming-bul not ia London. Most people will remember tho cause célèbre ir which Mrs. Betant's children wero taken from bel by the Court of Appeal in Chancery, partly because I she was on atheist lecturer, and partly because sht I had published a book on the Malthusian theory. In so doing the Court followed lh< famous prece lent of Shelley v. "Westbrooke when Lord Eldon deprived the poet of his ohlldren on the ground that he was not a fit person to have the custody of them. Now tho sequel of Mrs, Bcsant's case is not generally known. Both her children, as soon ss they grew up, ¡eft theil father, returned to their mother, aud are now living with her. But Mrs. Besant is no longer au atheist. She has passed through many phases of belief and unbelief, and is now-till some other creed attracts her-an ardent Theosophist Daring the whole year there has besn a remark- able tendency on the part ef the rich and aristo- cratic to provide themselves with Sunday amuse- ments. In the summer they drove out in their four-in-hands and tandems to the Lyric Club at Barnes, to the Albany Club ' at Kingston, and to tho. Ranelagh Cub ai Putney. At those places they would enjoy them- selves with luncheon »artie;, dinners, concerts, lawn tennis, and boating. The Archbishop of Canter- bury has more than once inveighed against these things, but EO far in vain. Now, in tao winter Ben- son, many of the London clubs have Sunday even- ing concerts. Of a different chsracler Ï3 the movement to pro- vide the poor with some kind of Sunday recreation. The Finsbury Polytechnic takes the lead in this direction. Tm's soc:cty has the Bishop of London for its president and is a purely Church institution. At the gymnasium belonging to the Polytechnic there is every Sunday afternoon a sacred coacsrt followed by a lecture, which may be, and often is, on a eecnlar . subject When I was there th» Sunday before last, Lady Frederick I Cavendish, widow of tho late Irish Sscretary,' ! who ssas murdsred in Phceeix Park, wa» the Jee turess. She gare us an account of a visit she bad lately paid to Kimberley, at the Diamond Fields of Sonth Africa.- There Bhe found her brother, the Hon. and Bev. A. Lyttelton, who had formerly been curate of Mr. 'Gladstone's parish, Hiwarden. Hs was living in a mud hut with a roof of galvanised iron. At once Lidy F. Cavendish, with characteristic energy, set to work to beautify his surroundings. She made a garden round the house, covered it with creepers, and decorated the interior. There she established a sort of salon where sb» gave weekly receptions to tho ladies of Kimberley. When Lady F. Cavendish was in Sonth Africa the King of Matabeleland deter- mined to learn, something about England. Matabeleland is a powerful kingdom lying just off the great inland trade route into the interior. It was, therefore, of the utmost importance that wo should secure thc friendship of King Lobecgula, Now, the Dutch had told him that they had long ago "eaten up" Queen "Victoria, onl that-as in the celebrated case of Mrs. Harris-tbero was " n» tich a person." But tho Kiog wantsd to bo quite sure of this. Accordingly, he got hold of a yoong gentleman who was in his country prospect- ing for gold, gave him money, and sent two trusted chiefs with him to England, in order that he might have a full and faithful report But there'was a terrible difficulty in the way. The gentleman in charge of the envoys was not a Government offi- cial, ind all toe officials with one voice declared that envoys so introduced must not, coull-cot, and would not be received. Sir Hercules Robinson at Capetown was first won over, and the envoys embarked in what they called "the groat kraal that poshes through the water." Hero thoy met Lady F. Cavendish,- who took a warm interest in thsm. By incredible exertions and at tho very last moment she obtained leive for the .two 6iv»gc3 to see the Queen. They were received at Windsor by a guard of 50 Lifeguards-, mea, they wera graciously received by her Majesty and they returned to their King duly imoressod and gratified, Lobangula has been our friend ever since, but officialism and' etiquette had nearly marred everything, A lyric poem, of some antiquity, bul not ascribed by the critics lo Hilton or any of our major poets, informs us that " he who prigs what isn't his'n, when he's cotched must go to prison." A few nights ago I was invited to seo a supper, at which all the guests had "prigged," and been "cotched." and gone to prison. There were about 300 of them, and he who saw them must have instantly lost all illusions abou: the merriness of a thiefs life, and about the clever- ness of thioves. Such a crow of emaciate!, palo, weak, and foolish ? creatures thoy were ! Not one bat seemed far below the average ia intellect, scarcely any of decent physique. They ate more liko beasts . than men, They cut tho bread into wedges, and shoved it into their mouths. When they attacked their meat they glanced furtively from side to sido and then bolted it hastily as if it might ba snatched from thom. The fact that 20,000 of such beings are annually discharged from tho Lon- don prisons throws a lurid side-Jight on the bigness of the metropolis. Every one of the 20,000 is met on leaving prison by a delegate of tho St. Giles's Miäsioa-who were the hosts at the thieves' sup- per-is provided with a ires breakfast, and is assisted towards living an honest life. . Í* What should you say if J. wa3 to say, Parlcy vo-M Français ?" says one of Hark Twain's charac- ters to a nigger. The reply was that the nigger would bang anybody over the head who called him dat. It seems to me that a still worse name to call any living being is Cryptoprocta fetox. Aa animal bearing this appalling name bas just arrived at the Zoological Gardens. lu appearance it is some- thing between a cat and a genet. It comes! from Madagascar, which, like Australia, is the supremo refuge of types . extinct elsewhere. The Crypto- procta fcrox is suppose! to be the last représenta- tive of several groups of carnivorous mammals which flourished ' in what are absurdly'called " geoloiical times." - A ridiculous thing happened the other night at Mrs. Langtry"* theatre. . At the end of " tho fourth act Mr. Coghlan, who takes the part of Anthony, entirely forgo: that there was another ¿ct yet to'be played. Accordingly be took off bis Roman clothes, put on his English clothes, and went quietly home. So in the last act there was no Antony to play to Mrs. Langtry't Cleopatra, It Í3 universslly admitted that Mrs. Langtry is now far better looking, than when she was."¡a pro- fessional beauty." Her features have become more refine!, and yet she hasrnot lost any of the charms of youth. Her theatre is crammed nightly, and she has to give two morning performances of "An tony and Cleopatra " every week. Early next month Shakspeare's ** Much Ado About Nothing" is to be revived at the Lyceum. Miss Ellen Terry acts no part better than tba; of the vivacious Beatrics, and Mr. Irving's angular attitudes and. curious pronunciation somehow suits the part of Benedick. When the Australian team were over here I was told by one who had frequently met-them that socially they were very good fellows, but rather inclino 1 to be bores when the question of umpiring ca-no. up. It seams, however, that they were partly to ba excused, if to bore is ever excusable. At the meeting of county secretaries, held thia week at Lord's, Mr. Henry Perkins, the secretary of the Marrlebone. .Cricket ? Club, roundly told the representatives of the counties that if they-could not select moTe capable umpires his club would na longer be responsible for them. The conclusion of his speech is thus reported:-"It had been stated in certain quarters that these complaints relative to umpiring arose solely from the Australians. This was not so. The Australians did complain after their second mstch. but he took no notice, but watched events, and at the conclusion ef their tour again inquired their opinion.. . They.told him that the umpiring wa3 worse than, they had ever known it before, as many wrong decisions were gives for them ai against them. That of courin was no ex-1 cuss for bad decision«. ? In conclusion, he urged tho canaries ti use the greatest- discretion, : Tf they knew of three or four good umpires by all moans nominate them. On the- other hand, if they knew only one, there was no need to appoint two," 