MINING. ? ? v ? In the absence ef deoontly quick means of transport, and ot proper storage accommoda tion for explosives, the difficulty of keeping up a supply of dangerous explosives causes a, little inoonvenieuoe now and flgain, and will be felt UU a proper magasine b available. The only remedy just at preient seems to be thit provld d fay Messn Swift and Co. who have obtained a larpe stock of Backarock. The fact that the cartridges an net explosive till soaked in the oil which forms a necessary adjunct to the composition, enables this form of explosive to be atored In any quantity without danger, and nnden it particnlariy useful wherever then b any difficulty in obtaining any other explosives at short aotic. A Mil of it was bald at Balitrup's Central a few days back, when it waa found to do good work in a certain class of ground ; it seems best suited for ground which is too hard for powder and when dynamite is found to blow the collar of the hole, owing te its action being too sudden. The action of Backarock seems to be slower, and ooJseqnsotly it suits that clan of ground well. A little practice seems necessary to eornre certainty in getting the cartridge soaked the right length of time, but if oho manb allotted. the duty of pre. paring the day's supply, he soon becomse an adept in the art, and no delay need occur. Messn Swift and Oo, the agents. Intend keep ing op their aupplv, and are willing to give aU information with regard to Us use. (Faon ode SrEOtAL). The effect of tht general reduction in work ing expenses on our mines is very visible now in every quarter of tha Field, and It b dlffioult to travel a mile or two In any direction with out contrasting the different aspect of the mining camps from -want they pnaented thb time but Tear. Bat there is one enaoUng feature In the tfiaam and that jstlwMtw dass of work sow being performed b of a penannent nature, and one from which lasting benefit will accrue. A year ago It waa only too evident that a Urge proportion ot the work waa done for tbe purpose of keeping np scrip and to avoid the heavier expenditure needed for. permanent workings. Much melees surface stork has been done on claims which warranted main workings, and much money was diverted from then, clsims In work on others which never had a ghost of a ?how. The change ..which haa, set ia nisei fmmediito depnwioa JJO doubt, but It will be produotlre 'of more lasting benefit to thU . _«eU and ahtrehot£rs gener, ally before., miffr months have umad. Along Gmbb'strsmwaytl* change b marked, since the busy time wbjn it was in eouisa of oonitrucUon, and tha cessation of work on the Onbb's claim itaelf pending the arrivij of lifts, has made mitters still quieter. At tint rilt&kntni;? --MiMaV *h 'jiJiBintp*^ ^-?fcM rt^BfcfcjWii^-''-'^ inmed. ISStigvSae Sort time that tha ' winding pleat was -able to nope with tha ?atwflii prospect jfcaft on the lode, which was drained by tha iaaln shaft, was sunk It fwt further and'torodued about 25 torn ot . on, about 1« tone being first elus. This will be eent to' the amelten, and If its result equals that of former lots treated, then holders will have nothing: to grumble at, con sidering tbe until dlitanoe ttfik. From Thi appearance of the top the ground b very easjr,* but tha shaft has notVrtgot below the deWtue from the eapp'nt which coven the votmtrr ' containing the lode. The proapeot thatllsia very easy ground so that whan work Is r^commsneed speedy progress win be made The manager, Mr W»leo3t,«xneet. te*«rt - in a counts of mouths If the auohiaery arrives wlthont delay, bnt, oowtderrnf tbe present rate of delivery of good* by the Government tnmway, tbe date of Its arrival _eome50tonl-b Doubtful. It has left Mel- . bourne, so that if Mr Baok's report b cor. ' net, Ihs railway contractors will forward It as quick as anyone can bope. Work '4tt North Grubb's has been limited to cutting ? chamber for a wints on the lode formation . . cut in the tunnel, and sinking will probibly ,r ? oommeno In a few days, though il will probably not bi till after the holldsys that.. . they an In full work again or pnt three anfftf In the winze. The adit Is In 80ft above tha level of Orabbs' shaft, eo that possibly ther . may get down some way without much trombU from water. THt »T3B«Si, Section 3230, cast and adjoining the North Grubb and Qrnbb. 100,000 shares. Mine manager, S, Smith ; legal manager, E. Meee. Tills mine b one of tha fortunate ones, when tbe on rises with the MIL At Grabb'a the hill Is formed of the hybrid eedi. ' mentary lock which caps so much of the Field, and which stems In most cues, with the exception of one or two like tba Maxim, to have been deposited subsequently . to the formation of tbe lodes, and eooseqnsotly the lodes do not rise with the slopes formed of this rock, but at the Knbeeua the black ilate formation fondl the hill, and b only covered with 2 or Sft of capping, and the lodes have been found on the highest point, vis, 250ft sit least above the level of Grubb'e outcrop. There are supposed to be four lodes on this property, No. 1 being on the western boundary, near the south-west corner, with a course of 30 degrees weet of north ; No. 3, about 5 chatnn, sonth-east of the . north-west earner, . , with a ooorseof about 10 dugrnswettof north, so tbit ihe two will junction to thesooth. Ib* cliisf work has been done on No. 3, which ehcwi a foot of clean on assaying up to OOoi silver. A tunnel b being put in to out this torn*, diitely below one of tbe surface cuttings. Thb ought to be effected in another Sift if tie lode dips no mon than at present, it being now almost vertical. Progress at present b about lOfta-wsek. Driving north UOftof baokt will be obtainable. The strike of the country b nearly east and wes', a little north of eaat If anything, so thit the lode b crossing the ooontrv. 1 he ndit il IS chains from Grubb'e tramway, a grade of 1 in 16 being obtainable, and on tbb being completed on can be aent away without difficulty. West of the No. S lode alwnt 400ft distant 111 large lonsatwa called the No. 2 lode, not weO denned but carrying veins of ore and lodorcoff for a width of 20ft. It has been traced to i the top of the hill eo tint then will be 250(t of haoke wham cut by the ndit. The fourth lode is on the southern boundary and b being prospected by the SOUTH KUBiaNA. Sections 2734, 173S, 60,000 shares; mine manager, Mr J. H. Thomley ; legal manager, J. L. XVey, Linncuton. This lode teems to be a continuation of the Ko, 2 on tba Kubeent, and not a fourth lode. It has been exposed by a tni-ch running north aad south, andooenrs on the opposite nil of the main ridge which forms the watershed between Grubb's snd the eastern portion of the Field. The country b black lUte «hntlsr to tha Nubeeoo, and etrikes east and west in tho same w.ly. The ore ocean with arbotutaj of iron aad quartz in irregular veins similar to that in the No. 2 lode on the Noleena, bit the formation b very curly, and from tha amount of shecanrido shown a dbmrunee lua taken place, which makes it vary difficult to determine ita strike. Tha trench hsi exposed It for* distanoe of five or six chains, and for two chains galena b visible in a number of pI««ea,Uioughtbenbno'denned body of it, Ithainotyetbeenanayed. In the absence of enr deunlte eign of ita course it must be assumed that as the strike. of tba . country b similar to that of the Nnbcena, - and as tbe ore occur] in a eimtlarway to that in the No. 2, that ita strike b similar. The trench would, therefore, be almost with theconneof the lode, to that tbe occurrence of galeai for the dbtuee of two ch.ibs would not indicate an on body of that width. The causa ot the dbturbanue seems to be a slip of the cippiag rock from the higher part of the bill, as the creek below contains a Urge amount of detritns of that character, ?tad the black slate is exposed on the surface when the trench it cut. The slope b very steep, and by bringing up the lowest put of the trench, aud, if need be, putting in a small drive it that level, the lode would be proved in mon solid ground at little ex pense, aad a tunnel could then be driven from » lerel abont Soft lower than the treuk b put In. The hill b very steep, and il tbe lode roemMes the Kobeona ledet In rUinf with the hill about 200ft of back* oould be obtained in sOOft of drivW.3' Perhaps on determining the course of the lode' in men settled country, by bringing np the trenchea as euggoted, it could 1* cut In a shorter dittanoc, though at a point when the vertical - distance to the surface would be less, farther ' prospecting might also find the coejtmnatloB or the No. 3 Kubeena lode, as fUr* b a certain amount of floating TfaiHe cosse* '? which b said to contain silver. ? -:~- 