SUMMARY. AU England Out for 94 In thn first innings.. It will be a second innings mntoh. The financial mm'n in Mnlbonrnn is ahafc- ' ing. Lady Farkes accompanied the ex-Fremior to ICiama. Turner's bowling average, six wickets for 45, was a good one. Victorian Parliament will be prorogued on December 18 if possible. London dock laborers are questioning tlio good faith of Ben Tillett. Tho Black Sea and Baltic fleets of tho Russians are being increased in strength. Russia intonds to spond £10,000,000 on relief works to employ tho starving peasantry. . Mr. N. Melville, M.L. A., will perform tho ceremony of unveiling the Scarle monument. Tho Telegraph warns Sir Henry Parkes not to promote disoussion in the Opposition. Rev. Georgo Wniters replied to Mr. Julian Ashton's anti-marriage uttorances on Sunday night. Mr. Frank Cotton is seceding from the labor party. Labor loses nothing by his back sliding. Sir Honry Parkes says ho cannot admit that Mr. Raid has any capacity for political leadership. Tho Telegraph says that by removing freo- trado Mr. See proposes to keep tho money in the country. Adventistsin Kansas aro preparing for the end of the world, which is to take place on Christmas Day. Lord Sheffield claims to have introduced W. G. Grace to Australia. We fanoy we'vo seen him before. Tho Economist speaks of tho "conflicting budgets of rival financiers" in Australia. The Economist's an ass. The Telegraph regards protectionists as fiscal burglars. " How long will it be before i that organ joins tho band. Annesley won the Ballarat Cup on Saturday. He started an "odds on1' favorite, and K Power rode him cleverly dome. Polite old Parkes to ail elector of Nowra : j "You shut up. Go outside and got drunk and \- get taken to tho watchhouso." The Opposition is confident of defeating tho ; Ministry. Protectionist members must not let the warning go unheeded. " The ex-Premier will probably spring a mine on the Opposition oniTuesday night. He holds a few trumps up his sleove yot. , i Sir Henry Parkes defied any man in ICiama to point to one corrupt act in his publio life. It ! was a safe ohallonge to Kiama. The Duke of Fife is always measured for his neckties. London Star says Prince Eddie is measured for his collars and cuffs. The total cost of the World's Fair Inhibi tion is estimated at £3,500,000, and the receipts are calculated to reach £1,100,000. A couple of theatres aro doing bad business, and it is rumored that in one at least the ghost lias not perambulated for some time. Light, limpid, and luscious, to suit this climute. Toohey's Sparkling Amber Ale. 1 Mr. Pulsfcrd says "You cannot have a tonic without having to submit to the demands of taxation." Ho should sign the pledge. Ob the judges in the Privy Council Hon. W. Shiols of victoria says : " Their logic is ' pitiable, and they show crass ignorance." Mr. Crkchett Walker, C.M.G., who has suffered severely from influenza, will resume his duties as Principal Under-Secretary to day. At Kiama on Saturday night Sir Henry Parltes said he hod only a few days and nights to live. It is 1 loped ho does not meditate suicide. Sir Henry Parkes says lie has a monkey which is exempt from human criticism, lie should make tho exempted Simian his next ! Colonial Treasurer. Sir Houry has o proposal to make in Parlia- , ment which will astonish Mr. Reid, and perhaps upset that astute gentleman's little political apple-cart. I The English Trades Congress after three : days deliberation framed an Eight Hours Bill on _ tho principle of Government by three- fifths of the workers. A Bank of England note for id. was, by mistake, issued in 1828. "This for many years j was a source of annoyance to the cashiers in /. making up their accounts. Sir Henry Parkes says Mr. Reid lias done more to imperil "the cause" than any man in ' ; Parliament. Ho regards the lender of tho Opposition as a " weak opponent." EaTlio Government is expected to havo a majority on tho voto of censure. Tho num bers are variously estimated, but more than 10 of a surplus in tlio voting is expected. At Kiama tho ex-officio Grand Old Man of 1 this colony said he was tho only politician who knew all about it. His memory nnd his imagination do not race stride for stride. Since tho St. Maude disaster on July 27 there have been 52 railway accidents in France, in which 75 people were killed and 320 in jured. This knocks our record endwise. The Legislative Council of South Australia has asked to bo informed how it is proposed to xe-conatruct tho Ministry when the Chief Secretary resigns to tako tho Agont-Goneral- ship. Millions of men in India live, marry, and rear apparently healthy children upon an in- ; come which, even when the wife works, is rarely abovo 2s. a week, and frequently sinks i to 1b. (id. The ex-Premier will, it is rumored, endeavor to prevent tho Government boing badgered by the Opposition, as ho regards Mr. Barton as a firmer friend of federation than any of liis late colleagues. Dr. Graco complains that ho cannot get a horse to ride in thm country, and that the lift ' boy does not like to haul him up in the elevator. Ho weighs 17st., and is as active a3 a two-year-old. Farmers in tho various centres are intimating , through the country press what they expect I from their representatives at the present poli- > I tical juncture. The Government must bo supported by members who expect to get back at future elections. Tho ex-Emperor Dom Pedro of Brazil is re ported to have died on hearing that ho was i wanted back in tho country from which he was recently expelled. As the item is cabled confirmation of it iH necessary. Tho ex-Premier is very bitter in consoquenco of Mr. Barton taking charge of the federation schcmo. He is afraid the Govorninont will do something with tho proposals, instead of keeping them hanging round for years. Baron Rothschild has a largo number of kangaroos in his paddocks at Tring, in tho : west of England. The keepers complain that a lift, fence is no obstacle to the long-tails, and suggest that they should bo hobbled. Tho job of hobbling an old man would bo a pretty big contract. It is expected that tlio majority of tlio build ing societies which suspended payment during tlio crisis in Melbourne will resume operations shortly. j 21,000 persons, it is estimated, witnessed the I cricket match on Saturday. \- , Bombshell throwers demanded £250,000 from Mr. Russell Sage, the American financier, and failing to get it threw a bomb into the office which oxploded and killed two men. Sir Henry Parkes lias been telling tho Nowra folic what the late Government would have done had it remained in power. Tlio same old gaff- Unemployed colonies aro Sir Henry's latest fad. Does he propose to mako puuuorisin a profession. Workhouses will bo his next idea. Mr. Dickens, a brother of our own Edward Bulwer Lytton, M.P. for Wileannia, is spoken of as the Liberal candidate for Rochester (Eng.) Airs. Parnell is very ill. She lias eaten : little, and scarcely slept any 'since Parnell's . death. "Hidden Springs, " by the lute Dr. Vauglian, Is- Id. (post free). Finn Bros, and Co., 585 1 George-street.1 ( \Yhon vour watches, clocks or jewellery want repairs try It. B. Smith & Hansen, 15 Oxford-sc." Adam Bede, tho originnl promoter and only fair way of drawing. " December," December 6th, 1891, 4000 at 10. Address, Adam Bede, \- c.o. Abbott, Post-oliice-cliambers, Sydney." Tattorsall's Monster Consultation, Robo- lull December ; run December Dth. 10 000 at 10. Address Tattorsall, care of G. Adams, Pitt-st." Tattersall's aro tlio only genuinely successful , consultations i tho colonios. :V ' . . 