OAR AND SAIL. Flying: Squadron Yacht Club- The Johnston's Bay Sailing Club. Chapman v. Ford- The first race of tho Sydney Flying Squad ron Yacht Club, to be sailed to morrow afternoon, promises to bo a great success. Already neat ly 1 100 tickets have been sold for the steamer and udmission to Clark Islauo, from which the sailing will be seen to tho best advantage. There aro II boats entered, and the event will be sailod in two heats. In tho first heat the oompoting boats nro : — Gruco Darling, 3min.; Gho3t, 2J in.; Violet, l£min.; Mussilia, £tmn.; Voluntcor, scratch. Tho finish will likely he GIiobI, 1; Grace Darling 2; Mussilia, 3. In tho second heat the entries aro : — Maratana, 3fmin.; Kannarook, 1$ inin. ; Our Own, ijmin.; Regina, Jmin. ; Alantura and Lottie, scratch. Tho ordor of finish in this race should be : — Our Own, I ; Maratana, 2 ; Regina, 3. Tho rosult of tho final should, bar accidents, be : — Ghost, 1 ; Grace Dar ling, 2 ; Our Own, 2. A committco meeting of tho Johnston's Bay Sailing Club was hold on Tuesday even ing last at Loach's Commercial Hotel, Bal- main East, the commodore, Mr. F. Donovan, presiding. After ordinary business had been doult with satisfactorily it was decided in futuro to appoint three gentlemen to handicap the boats of the club, who shall bo neutral. Mr. T. M. Davis, M.L.A., was elected patroa of the club. The following boats entered, for tho race next Saturday, and duly received their handicaps from Messrs. Griffiths, Ben., Trouton aud Wil- threw, the gentlemen appointed to handi cap: — Edith, 18ft., T. Colobroolc, sen., scratch ; Cygnet, 18ft., T. Colobrook, jun., Am in. ; Our Boys, 16ft., G. Fletcher, sen., 2min. ; Sophie, 16ft., T. Leach, jun.,2min. ; Our Lon, lGit., A. Hare, 3$min. ; Thomas Punch, 14ft., T. M'Furlune, OJniin. Mr. H. Ellis was appointed Btarter and umpiro and Air. J. Hayes appointed timekeeper. Tho race is to start at 3.15 p.m. To-morrow the hoatraco botwoen Chap man and Ford for £109 a side will tuko place over the Hunter River course. Ford is only a tad, hut his ability aB a Soulier lias several times been tested oil the river in matches aguiast lesser lights than Chapman, and lie has on each occasion proved a good lad with tho sculls. Chapman, however, is the best puller he has yet been pitted against, aud the race should provo a most exciting one, Both scullers havo undergone a thorough preparation, and it is expected there will be a large number present to witness the race. 