HI1 ANGEL.' BT ITENRY KElt3L N. Lutiar of "Scarlet Fortune." "Esagle Jve," \- aestten tIle Wbiffs," "" A Leading Lady," -" For Old Virgiuia," etc. CHIAPTER V.--TnE SP'rcE OF TIE P.x-r. They had been sitting there for fully a quater o;,aun hour, puuing silently at their cig-rs, the old man staring ini?ront of hiin blankly, coldly, vacantly, the younger man moving uneasily on his chair, casting wistful etnces at his companion, and s.lrumming a tet march with his finger-tips on the table. - "Tell me all about yewreilf,' e'aid the Tinseer on a sudden. "Let's have a fair, s pare look at yewr devil, an' see if -he's as ^lý- as yeyw're painted him.' Tell us ili abort blo~ yew've growed up, afn wh.r yew're grbwed up, an' how vew've come to ibe what yew are. I gaess then Tll know what I've'got The young man hesitated ior a iseaw oments unadtaedle. SIt is perhaps better that you should know all," he said at last with- a beavr-drawn sigh. 'I have told you the worst. The rest of my hstory ~ ha no surprises-of the disagreeable kind at any rate. "1 can remember myself first of all," he con tinued, " a grimy, smudge-faced, half-ragged urshin, running about Front street, St. Louis; diving and dotging about the steamboots on the levee, and pliking up -pieces of wood; bits of iron, and all such rubbish as are 'generally found in similar neighbourhoods, and, carrying them to my mother, who lived in a tumbledown shbanty not far from the railway station.- The steward and cooks of the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of pumpkin-pie, of moat, and of corn cake I got from them. I remember well how, even at that time the boys of my own age nuod. to shun me, and taunt me with my father being a thief or with my father being in prison. At thattinme I saw ery little of him. Even when he was not in gaol he was seldom at home, and when he was at home our little shanty was a very hell upon earth. He used to beat my mother unmercifully, and went so far as to bring other women into the house. As I grew to years of better comprehension, yoan as I wil, I came to be heartily ashamed o him. A Bautist missionryhad been talking to me on the levee, and I had been going'to the evening school, and there I had learned that it was wrong to steal; and 1 know that it was wrong to steal when one night my father took ume with him and another man on an expedition to break into a house. I could climb like a cat then, and they wanted me to get over a high wall and open a door for them. "I had got heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty had arisen in ray young mind under the teachings of the good Ila?B ist miesionsrr. So I climbed that wills; bLt when I got on the top I shouted with all my might, and the people of the house were awakened and came out, and my father had to run away vowing rvengeance against me. "Alter that I dared not go home, but -Mr. Casey, the kind Baptist missionary, sheltered me for a few days and nights; and at last he got me a place as suallery boy.on the steamboat Wisconsin, running between St. Louis and Dubuque. All went very well with me for a while. From the post of scullery boy Irose to that of pantry boy, and then to that of cabin boy. The purser took a fancy to me,'and lent me books to read, and when winter came he got me a place on the Yazoo City steamer, running between Vicksburgh and -Yazoo city, and I passed anothersosoon there. . t "ky goodfortune would hlve it that'ondiat boat, I met the Hon. Levi Walker, imember of Congres for Missoiri, and editor of the Kansas CitySt:ar. He offered to make a journalist of me,and I was glad to consent In' his office I rose from one position to another, end all wouldhave been well if, one unlucky day, I had not, in the street, run- acrossmy father. He was unfortunately too well known in the place. He had been tarred.and feathered there, he had been flogged there, he had been -i the chain-gang, he had beena within an ace of beieghanged there. He immediately claimed rorm me the rights which his ties of -afinity gave him. and I had to confess the horrible truth to iMr. Walker. I tried to buy my -wretched father's departure; :but .the?more money I gave him, the firmer became his: resolution to: hang on to me. The people- in Kansas City were very good -to me. . They had had time to learn to -know me and they pitiedme. "Mr. Walker gave me an introduction=to s-veral Cincinnati editors, and I left Kans?e City, and with it my dreadful father. I found immediate and remunerative work in Cincin nati, and I stayed there several years. From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on my journey from Chicago to New York you met me. Now you know all about me. -I do not think that I have forgotten anything of im portance." . "'An' ain't yew seen yewr father since then; ain't yew heard from him:' asked Kershaw. "I know of his existence onlythrough the newspapers," replied Underwood. - "They periodically recrd his convictions. Mymother died shortly after my learing Cincinnati, under his brutal treatment, that I know also." " Vaal,'eelaimed Kershaw, "'ifye..ief' heerd from him nor-t a.v ??dM of him." ?-'?l'dbiifi not to be hoped for," sighed the young man. "Ilive in daily- dread of run' aing across him in the setret, of his. calling at Tay rooms, of his coming here.' If the'slightest chance is given him of blackmailing me or you; -he will fasten onus like a leech, and it would be easier to'get rid of a vampire thnis of him." " I've ad to deal with that kindo' man afore to-day," said the frontiersman quietly, "an' they nary once got the best o' me yet" - "dAh," replied the young man bitterly, "it iseasy for you to say that. Not one oi -the scoundrels whom you have come across was your own father. One cannot mete out justice to the man to whom one owes'one's life, and not be soiled by his guilt. The taint clings, one's clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it embittoer the drink, it calls up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into-rebuke, it makes good men's praise a stolen deceit, and all your ife one long reproach. 0 God!" he cried in a sudden agony, "how can I be rid of it? Shall ever be rid of it? I have never felt it as I do at this moment." The old man cast a scrutinising glance upon him, a long lance full of ity. Poar boy !" he muttered. "The sins of the fathers. Poor boy!" Underwood jumped up'on a sadden. - "You' must let me go, Mr. Kershaw,"' he cried. "You really must not try to detain me. Don'tthinkmeacoward; IdonotgotoEurope to run away from him. I go to escape from myself. Ilove your daughter, and I have no right to love her. God knows I have strn;gled, and fought, and contended againmt'nyelf,. I lsnevteied to be marble, and oee-ths'r~eult I am but hlumsn, iafter all.' Pity me,hy'-havinng no pity 'oan me. There is no harm donesyet -Ltat me go before itis too late " - - In his heated excitemeht he walked upean: down the room like some frightened,:caed creature, trembling in every limb. - Hegrasped tie decanter that was standing on, the ,table, and pouring out two glasses of water, swal towed them greedily one after theotherd st ii thereby he were able to cool thefever dof' his emotion. - - "Sit down thai," said the millisnaire softly; -ointing to an armchair," audled a bidie'thie over. Wh?ei they've bin cryfi' sigi, few've gitto s?and Sb ''wr tifles an' be'~reaidy. ut tihat ain't no reason for runnin' -awayan' leavin' all year paltry behind.- Yo.'ve' got that thar father o' yesre, anT yew cayn't, get rid of him nowhow,-cie it ain't -'losted tS smother him. Yew'veot to taeke ear that ho don't harm yew, nor those thant like yew,'that's alL Ii's all well, an' doe, an' eadSy fbi" yew to, run away an' go to Yewrup; ;but irhat am I to do with my Angel; who'll cry her:yes out when yeavregoine, asnd.who'lLpine and ;wither, n? die, bperhap, for she-ain't over-sntrong-an she's an obetinsate critter when she sots her hsartona thine . N?o. my both. ePla'e , .. Ls mann, ?"'?-ro te i to near toeloa. o i~, - a man, an' not sit .ti..-..-e AesI thai loves A.nderoo- d inwoisit, I can ahIure yew." " ---" eclatmed Underwood.. "Thar ain't no but," interrupted the aold pioneer. "On the . taight road, the honest' road, the broead road that lies. afore yew, thur. ain't no byeways an' thaur ain't no turuin's. Thor may be rocks an' boulders an' big stones -lIuion?, beJtyew'e goi to sit on yeor hose a-sneakli' away as if yew was the guilty one. Holdyew r head solraight up, young man, cos el-w've got the rght to hold it up, in spite of yewr father, an' if so be as anybody challenges yew, yew say, ' Go an askRi Don'l Kerhaw for my character,' an' I guess Dan'l Kerehaws' ,urt? well ks.oen from the Platte o the ,anad'mn, an' from the bRorkiei to the-Atlantic; an'if they come to .ae an' say anythin' agip yew, they'll soon nnd out the truth.". - "I don't merit thitle Mr. Hershaw," said Underwood, in a voice broken by his: emotion. ' Iwish oaid feel myelf mere personally eserving of it. Beliere mae, your dauhter's love, your owa frlenoskip, are pricelese sno y aea. Itis just becaeo I value themso rarely that I tremble to stav.,' " Come now," eiclaimed Daniel Rershaw, "that?' better. I gum.s that's heap bhtter. Tew iet me think this buoineas -over. But the thongyew'vegotto dAia to-go an' tell yewr psople that yew ain't gsin' to Yowrup, an' yew -asnsrt wit uean my .aeec:etory is soon as yew like. As' mmdyew, not a sylab of this to myAngel, not a word, on yeorhonour, until I see what's got to be done." ?sM? A gelios was sitting in the dining-roam, waiting fur the resolt of her father's interview th Enrhbert Underwood. A trifle more anxonus I /thap than athe previous droy, and a shade :,lw,--the tLy fingers twitched a little more \--aaVously, sad wrungthe gauzy cambric hand _erhie irapidly tremnlous agitation. - Once og twice her rocking-chir came very near over. B mal~nI'i ~ I-'-~ balancing itself, so erratic were the yonnglady'o's impulsive movements, and se forgetful was she of har own safety amidst her heart's tumultuous doubting promptings,. She jumped up with a glad cry when ash heard the door .open ups?Jis, ant Daniel Kershaw's heavy footsteps on the lauding. " Where is Mr. Underwood -" she inquired eagerly, when hoe saw that the old man was alone. " He is gone out by the front door, my Angel,' answered the ploneer, pattingherhead, "an' he wants yew to excuse himn.". = SExcuse himr" sherepeated, in a dismayed wonderment. "Excuse him ? Tell me, daddie dear," she burst out coniulsively, " is he going away?".- .. "Thar now, dry yewr eyes," he replied soothingly, "he ain't a-goin' away, not a little bit he ain't. This won t-do at all, yew know. I eayn't have my Angel' aeoryin', aun' a-losiing' her. roses:. Mr. Underwood- not only. ainu't a-goin' away, but he's goin' to be my secre tary, an' yew'll be able to see him every day." how.those hbi- lustrous eyes brightened, and those downy cheeks "dimpled!, She stood on tiptoe, and threw her arms around his neck, and.kissed him for the happy news he had brought her, and a few minutes afterwards she had forgotten all abouther little troubles and the sorrow they had brewed for her and the .dreadful antleipations that. had affrighted her, over the imaginary: woes and Joys of the heroine of the latest novel. Dianiel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of the dining-room, looking out into the street. He was not an imaginative man, and had been accustomed to deal with hard matter, of fact in a hard matter:of-fact way all his life. Ready resource, prompt decision, and swift action had been and were his chief characteristics, yet the present emergency :brought a strange indecision- in its way. For' the first time in has life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he was angry. with himself for being puzzled. A contlict of thoughts and memories suread' in his mind, and threatened to interfere with'ia habitual determination. lHe looked upon the street, and the little crowds of passers-by, list lessly, uninterestedly, when, on the olpposite side of the road, he espied a man,. who rather slunk than walkedalong, castingfusrtive glances about him from time to time. , . ie was an old man, a tall man, bent, with broad stooping shoulders. Hie gait was shift-, and his manner shrinking. Whilst looking, m this direction, or in that, as if seekiHg 6ose body or something, he turned his e-,. t:w-iards the window where Daniel Kershades sat,. and thereby gave the latteran opportunety of seeing his face. It was not a pleasart face-thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of an ashen pale. A great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villainous look. The eyes, bright and piercing, bespoke a devrley not yet extinct. The 'mouthl was hard, with square set ?jowl, and -yet it was a face which might have been handsome years ago, before manliness was stamped out of it, and ferocity and brutality had writ their mark there; Hlis hair was sparse and white, and a small scrubby white beard fringed his cheeks. His clothing, though not absolutely in rags, was of the coarsest, and an 'unkempt, unshaven appearance added to the general repuleiveness. As Daniel Kershaw's eyes rested on.the man's face, an indistinct, remembrance dashed upon him and gripped his mind. .. "I've seed that man afore,'.' he said to him self, and strove to obtain a better look. .- . The man had slunk on. however, and. was turning his back. A little further down the avenue he crossed the road, and was lost to night. - .. .. Whir have I seed tt an ifre ?" Daniel Kershaw kept asking himself all that morning. "I'm sure I've seed that face afore." ' Whatever work he was engaged upon, whether he were writing, or reading, or rest ing, or. smoking, that pale, ?unshaven face thrustitself between him'and his thougets. It followed him when he went upstairs to his own room,-and it was with him .as he sat down to luncheon. " So pre-occupied wia he, and so moodily ab stracted, that Angelica imagufed. iEm to be .ailing, and was profuse.in her.qOestioning, and in her pretty solicitude: . .. SAfterluncheon he sat hisiiself dodn .b.the window again, andl the sicturo' of that "face flashed across his mind, but not as he had seen it that morning. The white hair was ,iearly, dark' the face brown and robust, but'even more scowling and more' villainous than as he' had last seen it..' . e "I've got it," he cred. 7'I guess I've got it.- I was sure I knowed it. It's Mike Turner =Cheemeface Mike- Hellfirea oe's s pardner!" CHAPTER VI.--O ' T·H.e Powr,. Sleep' was a stranger to. Daniel Kershaw's couch that night. " ie kept.tesing and rolling from one uncomfortable position to the other, now too hot, then too cold, first determinedly closing his eyes and vowing he would neither see nor dream, then opening them wide and staring at the ceiling in the dim light of tse shaded- night-lamp. Gradually his unrest passed away, and although winged slumber came not to him, 'his 'pulsation became more even, and his mind':less:troublos .in its activity ; . ..: , ... "'.. . : ., . Thar woas any. elight men an' one wom , besaide myself, 'thatidmo r ' .i* 5ezMa anre Little: as Harry -some thievin Blackfeet wiped him out, raised his bairl at .Two Buttes Creek.. Then thar wos Rednail Jack-he's gone too. He died in the Staked Plain.. An' Bill Clellandtoo-the Yellow Jack carried him off at Vera Cruz. Martin Brickhead went to Cali forny, an' got shot at 'Frisco. Bob Alien an' Pat Branagan got killed in the war. Poor old Ruth has gone under these ten years. Thar's ony- two more alive: Butternut Sam--he's keepin' a ranche at Fort Seaton; an"Eli Wat kins-he's made his pile, an' is loafin' about Palestine, an' loosha, an' hwitzerland, an'. a lot emore ungodly places.. An'" Eli an'. Sam they're both staunch an' true, an' I'd trast.'em: with my life any day. .But .Mike-he.looks harder than ever; he looks as if he'd cut your throat for a dollar. - . -, i! " I guess though,",he continnedif he'll find me a tough card. I settled his parder, an' I'll settle him if he runs.athwart me,; or 'my Angel" .. S?ith the recital of-the-list-.of his quoddani companions, and the recapitulation of the events pertaining to' the-career of each, his power of calm reasoning returned in all its former vigour. The problem of Hubert Under wood's troubles was perplexing enough in its way, and now that villaindus face of Hellfire' Joe's partner added its' mite to the difficulty. Early morning came before the frontiersman could findrest in sleep, having discovered aplai which would enable him to do what was, right, and avoid all trouble to his darlinig. When Hubert Underwood came to' work as usual the next morning, he found both Daniel Kershaw and Miss'Auelica in the.library. " I'm a man as caynt bear beatin'habout the' bush," oaid the millionaire, " an' when I've got to do a thing, I liketo do it an' make'no bones about it. I'm a-goin' to speak plainly to yew both-to yew,. my -nel, an', to yew, young man Come. sit dfn hecar right bmyo side both of yew." , Hubert seated bhmenself'in a hot trepidation. The old man spoke pleasantly. There was nothing td.he feared; .pothing but his own heart. . q"I. guess ysw'ere ibolt ,very ,fond 'n' 'one antteer.,.Tht'sthe.way they.put it in the story book ias a?general rule, isn't it? 'Waal;', I've bin readn'- atories, toolstories that's true an' stories thatsn'n ,' n'Iiv herd it said, an' 1 gueases I know, t~, t many atineitwboyoung people .tnkes thei'r. eath that "they love-onie' another an believe it too, blieve it hai: beut when thoe come to live vith one'annother, the •quarrel an fight like ?cas an': dogs, an' itt mostly the woman'a heart that s broken fsS" M-iss , Angel threw lier. aiins round, her father's neck, hnd placed her. soft hand;over his month.. .- i.. , , " mo"I shall ot listen, yon dear, silly, old daddie," she exclaeimed brsghtly 1 if you will aay such awful things., I soouldn't have come if l had tisght that we.=-. s -c-a-m-. -b'o., my Angel,"f he. ai" asoftly tms - sr-mon aeye,.oueht i tluten to ankeep firm in yew mind, an' remember always. , Idon't intend to play euhreo or brag d th yw young lfe an' happeiess, an' Ill tek hear that yew: shan't do it yewrsslf, if yew're got the right bower, an' the left bower, an as mnny trumps as Sew like, not even then." ' She nestled closer to him auxonosly s "Tell me, don't keep me wasing," addie dear," she breathed. g -g~t e o" us e. "It's a-comin', my darting," lehe replied, "an' sure. I've tnrnedthings o-er,an' slept over 'ne, an n' hai'slept over 'em, ,Irve got things traight an' clear, no' I'll tell:yew both what'I'm geuin' to do. r. onderwood was eoie' to o ewrup. tYewrop is, a nice country, 1 ale't it, 'lr. Underwaoodt " 1 " It is very plesasnt, I believe," ansewered thejournalit. "Lots of peolls go there for pleasure. Iwas going there onbusiness."' 'Igueass as it's a country worth seein'," the pioneer went on, "an' it won't do no harm to y Angel nor to me to osee it, in' I propose that my Angel an' myself wego to Yewrup to London, an' tto Coataneinopts, an' to Ieserooalem. an' to Pris, an' to Ireland, an'to lot more places, an' that we stay thr, a year or so, we'll say, an' that yew, Mr. Underwood, oyew come with us as my guest and' as my secretary at the same time, cos I'll want some- i body to do my witines' f or me, oyew kntow. An' I so yew an' my angel 'l be together every day;' a an yew'll git to know one anor ther better than 1 yew do now, an' seach other's good peaints, an' each other's faunlts, an' each other's temper, an' if so be naat the end of the year yew'rse as feond o' onater a enother as e are now, anm as i ready to take one anothei for good or forhill, I for good times or bad times, for health br for sickiness, an' for all the trials an' misfo'rtnme. that may befall yew both--for that's it; mind P yew-t-hen rll siy to yew, 'be man an' wife, a my children, an' God bless yew both'"" b His voice faltered just a little as he came toi p He had promised to give away that which he is e-d, &h-sa; all the word. Lo ved! How poor, how incomplete a word for that holy, untranslatable feeling which made life worth tliving to. him in her young happiness. #His glory, his idol, at whose fistaha 'ould.glidly have expired without'~ an iegrotwithoht a. murmur, without a sigl, everyohar tf .whose head he would have guarded at therice of i his heart's blood. She hid tieiied herself around his being like the slender, verdant ivy around the sturdy oak, closely linked leaf to leaf, not to be parted without hurt to either. His love forher had grown to be part of him, inextricable, inseparable-a blot, a stain upon I the fair open page of her young life would have scorched into his soul, and he had racked his brain for devices to watch over her happiness like the dragon of folklore over the legendary' f hidden gold. l h brave SSgel loved this brave, handsome, young fel!l :v to whom both he aind she were indebted foi the rescue of their lives. Itwasbxit natsiral and in the fit order of thingsthatshe would love him. Itwas the right ordaining of a just' and kind providence. But,novertheless,he feltthat in' promisin to allow, another to share' that wlhich he held most dear, he had left. himself impoverished., Would his Angel love, him,as sh ~oow did when her husband was there .to claim her sunny smiles?. WVhat terrors'lay hidden in that doubt Bat he waspreparedfor the sacrifice';and thouighhis '-olc nigh failed him asohe proposed it, he had never felt calmer than when he had got it over. .. ' - "You're a darling, wise daddie," cried Miss Angel in her new-beorn happiness, "and you always knowwhat is best." - ' She ceased the flow of her gladness when she saw that Underwood sat there mutely, no. decidedly . -' . .;; "But," she exclaimed with dignity, " perhaps Mr. Underwood- " e... h' "Pray don't misjudge- me;, ~us iershao "' interrupted the young.--journalist., .:' If I failr in momentary warmth for this great joy which is promisedme, it-is not. because I. undew-ate' its value. Such blessings do not' corne. to mend t and leave them even-tempered..-.Ishope, Mr.! Kerobaw, you have well weighed our conver-. sation yesterday."- ' S"FPull an' well, my boy," answeroed the .old' usa.: "-It'll take.me about a. month: td.'.e t things into shape, so that I can leave the i safe inother hands. A seoon as that is ouone we're off to Tewrup.: Now I'm goinfto leave yew. Yew can settle-all that's necessary, about the passages, an' the dress, an' the outfit,- es' all the rest ofitbet?vee, yew,jestas yewlike.'" SUnderwood might yet hov;-e hesitated, but he' Sperceived in the millionaire's plan a hisdom and appreciation of facts of the highest odser. The intervening year might do wonders. It -wee pardonable for him to hope that the dostroyin scythe might perhaps cut short the erimin;l career of his terrible father. Who knew? ;. moment might bring a happy release. If Angelica Kershaw and he got marlied in Europe, they were rich enough It:rlive there until such time as a return of his bogey was no longer to be dreaded. Daniel Kershar wavs right, and the young man felt ever so grateful to him for having provedthat he himself bhad beenwrong. - When they were alone,'when for the first time they could unburden their heartsto one another without restraint, without fear of misunder. standing ; when they could unafrightedly bask in'the sunshine of their mutualbappiness, bri. ful of the joy,ofto-day, of their glowisn hope of the future; when they could sit quite c?dose to -one another and drink deep draughts of glad peace, in one another's eyes, and could vow hand in-hand, each to the other that theywould never, never change, nor in this :world, ?tir in all eternity ;.they forgot all about the arrange mente for the proposed journey, and neither of -them as much as cast a thought upon such very mundane matters as steamer tickets, frocks, and like necessities.. ,No happier young man lived that day in ianhattnn City than HIuthrt 'Underwod, es ac he sat in the tram-mar that was taking him'to the office of hispaper down town. fle~alighted at Union Square, the slightly oscillating'move ment becoming tedious to him, and w'alked swiftly. along Iroadway; glad to' expand his cheat and d6. move his linbs; as' safetyva lve forhis buoyant excitement. .. \- The long walk from Uion, SqlUre. toi City iHall Park seemed but a dozen'.varcls, eo na-; conscious was he of the distance tVraersed: \- He was siinoing aleong; blithly 'aroesithe Pork toiwards the Spruce street 'entr?ne; not far from, which'the offide' of his paper "was situated,- when he jostled against a'white-' i haired, white.faced' old, man,- iwith: a short, Sscirubby aspect, rho'elbowed him'aside roughly, with a curse.,? - .- .. :. - t . , fa The youngd an was far too happy, however, -to be irritated by trifles. He did not- bestow so much as'a'glanc': upon the 'old:'manqi hos equilibrium he had unconsciously danhedbout of bahince;,and walked on- with' quick' steo uonti he reached his office. - .:r - ..e : ' S ot so the old man, the samh e old nran who had on the previous day thrust hie face between Daniel Keriaw ?'vandh content.: When' the taold ruffian had dilivered his rattling volley of oaths, he stood strcrk still with -his brighto i piercing eyes, staring, and his wicked hlf-tooth. leas mouth wide open. . t ' d--o-' \- "Mother oM' oses," hecried toshimself. "It-' is. It ain't-it cayn't he-but I'm drned sure itis. Jumpin' Isaac ! what 'a find !' An' me without a dime an' nary a coat to me'back, I mustn't loss ehtb '-' " a,, sus ýe?row -I'd swear to-him, though." : . " He dashed after theamyoai gjourdalist with much swifter energy than his - decrepid, shrunken limbs would have warranted, dolg.I ing in and out betweenh:vehicles, keeping close to the buildings, and never for a moment allow tog 'the young man to get more than ten yards ahead of him. -" - " ' a " " When he saw- young Underwood enter the office of the great jeurnal,?'ist gave a'; long whistle; and dived into the entraince of a ware house nearly opposite. - " ' i? - "Let me see," he inmuttered. "What was. the young' goodfor-'nothen's name when . I last cotcbed hie m in"Kalnsas city ? I?t ee I shall beforgettin' mypown na'er next. It'.on .Underwood. ' That's what it' woes ' Mary's maiden name. I've got to coasmmeoniket with Mr.'Underwood. That's what I've got to do, Ireckon. I'eo gottolet him git awearashis fond an' lovin' father is alive an' kickin' klckin' darned hbrd if it's got to be, Iguess." :'The cellar beneath the warehouse, in the entrance of which-Mr. Michael Turner-for it .was he, of course-had found a temporary refuge, was occupied by a liquor and luncheon bar of inviting and prosperous appearance. o Mr. Michael Turner, after carefullyrecon- . noitring the surroundintglouses and those opp ' 'site, and assuring himself that the doorway where young Underwood had disappeared was theprincipal entrance leadig to the editorial department, descended into the regions below, where an elegant, well-stocked bar made vigorous and tempting appeals to his strong appetite for food and drink, an appetite which, Inevertheless, had-for the moment at least -to Sbe sternly repressed. ' l ace," he cried. , Share an'-it ibn't the loikes o' yea that wants coiktails and gn-slings. Take: yer gly faice out o' -moi bar 'or Ot'l mWake: it uglier." " - "h o n " his " '" or : Mr. aTuror's:a not at all afrightede oh affronted by this welcome, 'hut : grinned clm at the irate sosoif Ele Atatding with crlerhs apart and itrma akimbo. wl -v : , -t . ."Is it' the sepaer-box yew'vit baeltred, Pat ?'t he baskiled jeingly"r'in it-the petro leus.en asi 'yew cgyn't: digest, -ae' as is hustin' l"Yew'll be apilin' yewrc complexio.' yew, willl if yew excite yewrself-so in'decent." • "If ye don't get- out o' moi'har," exclaimed b thebar:tender, preparing to jump over the obstacle that separoted -him from' -his nowel -come eustomer ," O'll chuck ye out." . \- ' "Yew keep that percater trapso' yesavr shut. TYewr front teeth want filth' down,; Pat," re Sieted the returned convict with an- irritating quiet. "I guess it ain't a crime ts ask a civil question, an' if yew woa half a man, let alone a decent rrish(nan, yew wousldn't insult a poor manthat'ecomes to nob it, jest beoos he'ssppsr,' ?.?'a;,ye;-qnstoan eln," h cried, " an' -let see the back o' yer head when ye're asked "Lord," I guessed as yew wesn't bali as snacky ae yew made yewrself out to be," oan tinued Mr.Michael Turner. "I eny wanted -to know. if so be as yew wousld toll me, if Mr. Hubert Underwood ,s a-frequentin' this bar ?" \- "Mr. Underwood!l" sneered the barman. V?rat's Mr. Underwoodloike to do aid a jail. faice loike yez? Fair, an' vat should Oi be ansawerin' such a qestion forP" - " - -' " Mr. Underwood is a perteekler friend o' mine." drawled Turner-" a very old friend, an' if he knowod as yew sassed me he'd be annoyed--vry annoyed." ,'. " , The mention of the young jonroalist'a name, however unauthorised it seemed, -threw a measure of oil upon the troubled waters.. " Mrlr. Underwood does coms heros, replied the bar-kleper doggedly, ". au' now ye can wait for him at tbe dore."' • - - - . "Thank yew kindly for yewsr grate polite. - ness an' civiity," responded the old man with a burlesque bow. He had kept a- lynx-like watc?hupon the entrance opposite, and besides gainieg tiane to form a plan, he had asured himself by independent testimony that the person he had followed was really Hubert Underwood. - - Vhilo heawas still watching and seeking for phrases wherewith to continue his wordy warfare, the young man. of letters reappeared atthe entrance opposite, and his fond parent slew up the short flight of - etapelan if he had been shot from baow. - " \- Hubert walked with his usual brislmess to the corner of WiiUatm street., Ater following that street he rapidly turned the corner of Falton street, the'old convict in full pursuit all the while.. The avement was thronged, and the'street dull ov eshiclesa: At the corner of Nassau street misfortune would have it that a coupleof big vans laden with pac?hing eases a is way, and before the old man could pass thin obetalee, the sen had entered the I greatthrobbing hive of Broadway 4waa lost tonight. -The old villain, fp him rage at hslag thus baffled, eat himsels dowu on a small bale of lrI gaoods thal'~ia lyipi??le entrance of a warhosecai ing an tseaiiug with such rfuJhat Aioe 1*~i re1pton1 y ordered sway ,by?.leek' ;When? henhesitated to obey that, sunepons,be iscot- wit?more energetic treat= mepkthaSn.thelbar tender hildhieted out to hin" An iron filt gripped him by the collar of his coat and flung Lira with eontnmely into the gutter, where only by a mercy of providence he escaped besin' rou o'?er nnd crushed by passing conveyances. ie gathered himself together, scowling and threatening, 'andslank .away; bruised, muddy, and sore. * There ainiso helpfeor it. q i'F? foile : fbr the moment, nad-he would have to play the waiting game. ..Hewould have to be.humble,' very humble; herwould have to) play the part of a poor, infortunate' potitioner for alms, if need be; but he.would find Mr. Hubert Underwood, and'having.found' him he -would fastenon himnand never, neverlose sight; of him again. .... HHe ,dodgedi.back into 'Fultos,-streot.: ,A little way down, a Germuanfruit and provision merchant was standing at the entrance of his store.- Good nature was marked all over, his adipose 'fice, and IMr. Miicriael Turner per. ceived at a' glance that here he was likely to meet with generosity.. . . He looked piteously at the Teutoh.nr'- 4' " " Would yew be so very, very kind, eir,,,' he whispered in his softest and most mellow tone, "asto give a poor man as ain't got a cent a sheet of paper an' an envelope to write to his ony son as doesn't know as his father has jest come out o' hospital; and is still very'- very down dubiously.' "' Come in," he said, witi?a broad 'grn. "I guess vou vos a old tief, boot yoiU'teals noddins here.$ " \- Withth that heled sr. iurner to a little high desk and stool, and placed a sheet of paper and envelope, and pen and: ink before him, croseing his arms wbilst the white.headed ruffian, with th. most woe-begone face: imaginable, sat; down and scribbled his note.-- -?-J-'- , Iflen iho'riatleewas written and the envelope closed and addressed, the old scoundrel turned out his pocket' as if 'searching for coins that ought to have been stowed away there. '-Oh; you' knows very vell jou not got noddies dare," laughed the provision merchant, "nod if I give you dwendy-fife sents you' buy. viskev. 'Here is dwendy-fifo senls; you go and bny viakey.! '... . ... .... " ° T'he doubly lucky rascal wvent away with profuse espressione of gratitude, calling upon bhe head of his .benefactor all the blessing of a providence that ha?d been o.unkind to him. "ever had aso emial aaiesn as twenty-five cents reaped more fervent thahks and good wishes.' 1Mr. Turner felt that he was on the high road to :'ro- "". when..with his quarter of a dollar in his "' t,' 'uand his epistle' in hsis hand; he ent:: ed the oflice of ia big journal. ". "' .. • a. o was immediately accosted and stopped by a clerl ,, " . " . S. Your business I'" was the gruff demand. He remembered that humbleness was his best resource, and bent his neck to the rod. ", " "Would yew please be so kind as.to tell me if Mr. Underwood is in the office an' if' I can see him ?' he aiked. ' "Mr.- Underwood ain't ia, and .ou culdan't see him if he- were," was the abzupt and 'de' cisive reply.. ;," ,: - -.? ! ' Could I leave this .iote for.:himi if; yew plebse?" he continued crina?gingly. .: . T, : "You can leave the-note for him and go," wasthe answer he obtained. -: S"I'?ess I've lost a day,": he muttered to himself' as he' stepped.into' the strest again, an' I've got to keep myeyes'skidiied'now, 'day an' night. - When he'll get 'awaiy'fromime agin Trgess he'll beclever--hathe wilL"-, -i :1, t \- .: : - 1 (To'nE CORT 'cD.)5u'-c 1 51 .': 