The English Press and Ibsen's I " Ghosts." j Eeferring to the onslaught made by the London daily papers on the performance of Iben'a " Ghosts" at the Eoyalty Theatre, the Athenceum says: " The attempt to establish a free, or, as it is called, independent, theatre in Londen has created a fer- ment that must be sufficiently gratifying to tho prime movers in a not very ambitious undertaking. All the unreasoning hostility of the Englishman to innovation has been provoked, and, in addition to the general condemnation of the theatrical re- porters or critics, the leader-writers have entered the arena, and belaboured all concerned in the undertaking. To those who do not remember the ' fierce antagonism to which Wagner was exposed, the not undeserved outcry against the nudities of of Wait Whitman, or tho diseased imagination of Baudelaire, the scream against ' Songs and Ballads,' and other similar manifestations, it might seem as if decency had been beaten to a mummy, and pnrity had received its death-blow. But unless -the Lord Chamberlain is coaxed orcoerced into inter- ference by those who will afterwards laugh at him, the storm will blow over. . . IbBen's ' Ghosts' . . . is an uncomfortable and, in a sense, unclean piece, against the public production of which men may reasonably protest. . . The play, none the less, has scarcely an objectionable passage, and, so far from being prnrient, it points a lesson of Puritan sternness. It may be fairly urged against Ibsen that he is essentially provincial, and that his scientific knowledge is out of date. These things fairly stated are more damaging than the fiery denunciation that has been heard," The legitimate outcome of his teaching "is that our Lovelaces and Lotharios, and so forth, are a despicable set, who, instead of figuring as the heroes of comedy, should be attainted for treason to the State or banished as lepers from the community. However shocked he may be at the subject discussed, and however wearied of the treatment, the spectator at least quits the theatre with ásense that our 'pleasantest vices' are more vicious than pleasant." The Academy describes " Ghosts" as " a putrid play" which " no person of pure and exquisite taste could listen to without loathing, and which that great artist and sufficiently tolerant person, Sarah Bernhardt, des- cribed truly in a sense, yet even too kindly, as a clinical lecture. There may be moments con- ceivable when it is desirable to read ' Ghosts,' but on the stage the thing is intolerable. It is ugly ; it ia disgusting ; it is unrelieved by humour ; it is without a touch of fine pathos or a line of beauty. That its performance, like that of ' Bosmersholm,' haB been condemned so very frankly and strongly by nearly every organ of authority would bo a credit to English journalism, were it not, indeed, entirely obvious that the piece must be repellant alike to every man of plain sense and every serious artist in writing." 