Battle in the Clouds. ? o ? ? Spcctral Armies Fiehtluu for an Hour and a fiJt'Jf. The Paris correspondent oil tho ' New York Sunday Meroury ' Bays I — 1 Considerable oxoitcmcnt bao been oo oasioned noar Motzbyjtho appoaranco of Bpeotrai phenomena ot:a most' marvellous ohoraoter. Tho phenomenon was first visiblo on tho ovening of May 8, 1891, when a num ber ot working men passing along the high way observed what at first sight appeared to bo a small oloud passing ovor some mead67/a near by whoro they woro going. 1 Their cariosity wan aroused by tho nearness ot the oload, when, to thoir astonishment, tho dense, dark mass gradually disintegrated and Bpread over a largo area, tho matter of whioli ii was composed gradually asBQlniri; jisb shaped o? muu, horwtii, artiiitr/, uhi't£|.7hc paraphernalia of ajtual warfare. Tho peas ants stood pntranocd, .wdtohing tho'.. my-. Btoriouo phenomenon, and were witnesses to; a battlo royal which continued ' with tbo most amazing oxactitado , of military dstiil lor about an hour and a1 half, when darkneea oame on, and tho epeotral bhapeB gradually melted away. The phenomenon \v/vi wit nessed by over 100 people in all, ahd has wrought suoh a sonaation in tho diatiiitthat quito a panic prevails, it being believed' that the apparition iB an omtin of approaching war between Franco and Germany. ' A number of intelligent and trustworthy people, including a oouplo ^of priests, bavo oomo forward and nttosted to tho genuineness of tho laots given. Scientific men aro now busy explaining tha oauseij of such appear ances, whioh thoy attributo to cortain photo graphio qualities ol tho t^anB-atmospherio region, whero, thoy olaim, aio stored phan toms of everything imaginable that has in habited the globo from Adr-m ' down to tho pv^senfc timo — whcio tho history ol tho world io written, or rathor represented, spsotrally —a limbo of physioal creations, whioh Berves as a museum of natural history and anti quitioo to thoaa who may bs able to go tbero and boo it ; just Buoh a plaos nfl Buskin, In fact, would oonoidcr tho ideal Paradise. It io thought that by nomo refractivo qualities of tho atmoaphoro these spectral pictures ara made visible to tho oyo occasionally, but that thoy are moro shadows of past occurrences, accidentally disclosed to tho vioion of thoso who happen to be in ccrtain vioinitiea at a certain time, and that thoy hsvo no moro meaning than a moro eoho, thoy being, in laot, echoes ol bygono things. The prcsont oecurrcnce io by no zacana tbo first ot tho Uiud recorded, previous mani festations of tho kind having, it is Bupposed, inspired tho myths on whioh tbo old Hollonio religions wero founded. In eomo oases opcotrcs ot men havo been seen whoso beads almost reached to tho clouds, but this is merely oauscd by the mag nifying powers ot tho atmosphere. Scotland, whioh, by all aeocunts, la ono ot tho greatest ghost-sooing placet) on the earth, has had manifestations of a similar kind — ono in particular being rcoorded with gieat preoision, and upon moBt reliable authority. This took plaoo on a summer's ovening in the year 1743, whon a servant of Squlra Wren, of Wilton Hall, saw a party of horss man pans along the road and disappear up the mountain side. Ho searched for days in tho hope of flnding thom, but oould not even find tho footprints of tho borEes. Whon ho told his story, tho gillie was laughod oven out ol his own belioi in tbo story. A year later, howover, the Bamo man beheld another spoatral tableau, and happening io bo in tho neighborhood of ono of hiB master'a friends, another laird named Lancaster, be asked him to go and witnocs it. Upon thoir arrival at tho spot whoro tho npparitlon was visiblo, oovoral othor persona woro already congre gated, and what they witnessed is doEonbed by thoao who oaw thom as follows : ' Tbo equestrian flgurog soemod to oomo from tho lowest parts of Soutorfoli, and became visiblo at a pl&co; oallod Knott, They then advanced in rogular troops along tho eido of ths foil till thoy cama opposite to Blaho Hills, whoa thoy wont over tho mountain, after describ ing a kind ot ourvilincal path. The pace at which tho figures moved waB a rogular Bwift walk, and they oontinuod Io be ceeb for up wards of two hours, tho spproaob ol dark nesB alone preventing thom from being vis iblo, Many troops wero soon in oucocssion, and frequently the last bat ono in a troop quitted hia position, galloped to tho front, und took up tho earno paoo with tho rest. Tho ohanges in the figures were Bean equally by all tho Bpeolators, and tho view ol them was not confined to tho farm of Blakebilla only, but thoy wero Beon by every. person at every cottage within ths distance of a mile, tho number of persons who saw them amount ing to abnut 20. Tho attestation of those facts, signed by Lancaster and Stricket, benrs tho dato ol July 21, 1785. It is, therefore, scarcely likely that tho manifestations wit nessod near Mctz amountod to anything in particular from a propbotio point of view, al though a rather sensational statement, which Iiub appeared almost simultaneously, will doubtless make many think that tbo long lookod tor European war is close upon us. This statement is to the effoot tbat a docu ment baa been disoovored whioh forms tho basis ot tbo treaty between Franco and Buesia, and which dieoloeos tbo exact man ner in which Germany iB to be divided up botweon thoBe two powers in caso of hjr de feat. Tho arrangement is that Franco is to taoklo Germany single-handed, whiob Bho desires to do to regain ber military prestige, and that in oaeo ot possiblo failure Bussin is to come upon the scene uud end all doubts about the result. Although, on tho face ot it, only a canard, thia story io being soriouuly disgusted by lending Fieush and German journf.lu, TiiE last ot tho Borgias, who count several popot), cardinals, dukes, und othor august personages among tlio rnombcra ot thoir ones famous family, has just died in povtrty and want, in a littlo Tyroleee village, whore his widow is rcaonjmeudud to tho ohariUWo pub. lia in tho local nowupspern. In 1671 one ol the Borgian wc'J ouuonizud by 1'opu Clement X, ; less than a century later Don Alberto Oalisto Borgia, tho Spanish Ambassador, wau tho most brilliant oourtier at the Court of ObailOB VI. Rt Vienna, Biiuo tb.m luriuu-j ha'.i not mailed upon the iiorgias ; and tlio laei of thn noble race, Baron Frodcrlok O.iinto Borgia, who has just lelt ' this morul )i(o,' hss bs«n mtviajr for tho £0 ytotJ as & pMf tlllfisa lihtftugKSiintf. y$G 