A. JOUBNEY ACROSS 8IBEEIA Bt Jakes Ca3£eeeli.. T2.CX. VLADIVOSTOK TO BAEDOUTOI. It was a glorious June morning when we Etarted, and we were in the highest of spirits. Oar tarantasses were driven to the door, our luggage adjusted with. 6ome little drSonlty, and we were off. The yemtshiks, or drivers, started At a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through, a town, but between the villages they coold jog along m the doziest lashion. We had scarcely gone half a mile before our fiery steeds, ambitious apparently of out* flying the eagles, settled down into quite respectable roadsters, with such a pace as one sees, to perfection when paying the cab man by the hour. The'tarantass is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of tortare. That it is ugly and clumsy is the smallest fault to find with it — that might be said of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth— but the fault beyond sU others is that it is without springs, and therefore every part of our economy is eorely bruised when the roads are rough and we travel at night. On fair roads it is not so bad, but on rough roads this de lectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in bis body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, as there is no con venience for carrying it outside, and luggage is not the pleasantest of things to sleep on. The knobs and corners are distinctly in evidence during the night, as the yemtshiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's end, and fearing robbers. One may have dozed o3 at last, when a sudden collision with a root or stone will send you flying heavenwards, coming back to earth with a crash,- or your tarantass lurches into a rut, and your head is banged against the side, which either dazes you into meekness or arouses all the fire and fury of the latent Adam. Nevertheless, so great is the adapt ability of the human frame to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I could sleep very soundly, even under the conditions of a taranrass. Adjust ment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian tarantass. The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is an altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter de bouching upon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 versts —the verst is two- thirds of a mile — we came to a post station, and I had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay i.u front of me. The Russian Government has put a network of post routes over the face of the empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating communication. The stations are let by contract, the contractor being compelled -to keep so many troikas of horses, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of pairs, as else where. The central horse is between the shafts, and trots. The other two are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside horses are trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the one looking to the left and the other to the right, so that as you sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogation. The post stations on the Siberian route keep from three troikas to 15, and the cost is fixed by the Government at from l£ to 3 kopeks per verst, or, to put it so that it may be better understanded of the people I am writing for, you get three horses to carry you 20 miles for a little under half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part of Australia at the rate of 2s. 6d. per 20 miles ! These are the ratc&WEst; of Irkutsk ; east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great . fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst the difference between prices in various countries may be immense, the dif ference in values may be very little. The': horses are just as well fed as those in Aus tralia, the drivers the same, though their food may not be quite as fine. Undoubtedly the Australian driver has much more of all good things than the Siberian yemtshik, yet nothing to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact is that the difference is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We innate our prices and seem to be paying much more; but, because we inflate all round, it practically reduces things back to exchanging articles with high figures attached to them, whilst the real values remain untouched. If I sell a working man a bat at 20s., and be charges me a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we had agreed for 10s. or Is., and in this simple statement will be found the solution of many of the facts of the world where low-priced labour makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate of the country, ? or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or' Europe.. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the well- being of the people. The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of popula tion,-the productive capacity of the soil, and the industry and T''^ status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well, and was immensely interested when he learned I came from Australia. He made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, and we parted with high professions of esteem. Xater on I found out that the idea that all Russian officers can speak another language than their cwn is ah error. Qnite one-half with whom I came in contact could speak nothing but Russian, or, at best, a few words of iPrench or German. The best lin guists of the world, as far as the official and and upper classes, are concerned are un doubtedly the Dutch ; then the Germans, and' after them the Russians. When I say the Germans, I am not sure but equal with them are the Danes, Norwegians, and Swedes; allof these surpassing far the Latin races of every sort, and the Englishspeaking peoples everywhere. I think I have said before, and if not I say it now, that the Americans and Australians shape to be the worst linguists of the world because of their isolation. Even with the reservations I have made about the Dutch and Germans, it is still true that the Russians are excellent' linguists, and their pronunciation of any foreign tongue is far superior to any other nation. This may arise from the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start was in glorious weather. In the afternoon it was overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, and about 8 o'clock it was raining torrents. The whole of &e; Amoor Province coast te noted lor wet, no less than 230 days out of the year being rainy, it became dark as pitch, and at last we got bogged. We had to get ont and trudge along the muddy road, alipping-and stumb ling as we went. I began to reflect upon the fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask myself what sort of a journey this was likely to be if the first SO turned out in this fashion. Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask myself farther if I was quite sane when I first re solved to undertake this journey. I knew some of my friends had no ? manner of doubt whatever— they thought I was as mad as a March hare, and the doubt began to rise in my mind if , after all, they weren't pretty right. The average mania a comfort loving rabbit, easily Beared by discomforts and dearly loving his own burrow, hating strange food and strange, beds, prepared to gash, with rapture over the glories of the Himalayas, if you take him up the heights in a lift, or to explore foreign lands, if he can do it in a first-class carriajre. The stayat home shopkeeper spirits are the special bitten noire* of travellers, and to feel that they are right -and you are wrong is peculiarly galling to the enterprising souls who break fresh ground or depart from beaten and therefore comfortable, tracks. Thus musing, with a certain' bitterness of unreasonable resentment against some good folks at home, as if - they were in Borne fashion responsible for my troubles now, I plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mud that I would not go back at any cost, but would see it through just to spite the critics ! At last the dim lights of the little town of Rasdolnoi came in eight, and about half -past 10 we were in shelter for the nurht. It was a miserable post station— one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little rooms, afnd there were no less than ten men of us to occupy them. - As we had all come bS the muddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I (selected the least dirty spot I could find, -and, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to sleep. It wa not the sleep of the righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway mag on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had been more comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more effec tually than Banquo's ghost. TTia splutterings and explosions, his small artillery of snorting8 : and heavy cannons of long drawn snorings, exceeded anything I had ever heard in my life. The other Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped off, though they commented upon it in the morning, but it kept me in a fever of helpless irritation. What could be done under such circumstances ? I could not talk to him, and even if I could, I don't suppose it would have done the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not Ms fault. 'We are searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together ; will some nractical lover of his SDeeies invent a machine which, when fitted to our ears, shall make us oblivions of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications for loans ? That would be genius yoked to benevolence, and there would be a fortune in it. We maue a scraggy breakfast the following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey ; and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not ?prevent me eagerly watching the country and admiring its beauty. Rolling hills and downs, lightly chid with beautiful clumps of trees, river fiats of the best soil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote and unknown part of the earth. We ran alongside the River Suifun part cf the way, and eomeof its turns and bends were exceedingly lovely; and from a practical standpoint I should suppose it Will become navigable for a considerable dis tance from its mouth for moderate-sized craft. We passed over a good deal of country greatly resembling the soil and rocks of Kyneton, now beginning to be occupied. Ii was a lovely country, the soil far superior to the average round Melbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day; out from 'Vladivostok, which I asked myself a hundred times before I left Siberia, what will this country be? The quality of the soil was a revelation, the beauty of the scenery a surprise, and the fact that it has stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Before I have finished these papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the Amoor provinces are likely to become. 