THE S&ETCHER;, The Night Mail North. The following- lines, by H. Cholimn'ie1y Penuell, are dewriptive of the scene occasional by the depirture of the northern night mail frim Eust-jn Station, Londyn, at tbe time when the X-rth-\Ve-tern Company possessed a virtual monopoly of railway comm'inieation between the British metropolis, Glasgow,' and Edinburgh. i; Now, then, take your seats, for Glasgow and the North ; Chester '. Carlisle ! Holvhead '. and the wild Frith of Forth ! Clap on the steam, and sharp's the word, You men in scarlet cloth ; Are there any more pas — sengers j For the Night— Mail— Xorth ? j Are there any more passengers ? | Yes, three — but they can't get in ; Too late, too late ! How they bellow and knock * They might as well try to soften a rock As the heart of that fellow in greeu. ' For the Night Mail North ? What Ho !— (No use to struggle, you can't get thro'), My young audiusty one, Whither away from the gorgeous town, For the lake,*and the stream, aud the heather brown, And the double-barrelled gun. ' For the Night Mail North ? I say ? j You with the eager eyes : ; You with the haggard face and pale. — ' From a ruin'd heart and a starving brood, A crime, and a felon's gaol ! ' For the Night Mail North, old man ? Old statue of despair. Why tug and strain at the iron gate * Your daughter ''. Ha ! too late, too late ! She is gone, you may safely swear : She has given the slip, d'you hear ? She has left you aloue in your wrath, And she's off and away, with a glorious start, To the home of her choice, with the mau of her heart, By the Night Mail North ! ' Wh ? ish ? R ? ush. \\\Ti ? sh ? R ? ush. What's all that hullabaloo 'i Keep fast the gates there. Who is this That insists upon bursting through ': A desp'rate man, whom none may withstand. For, look, there is something clench'd in his hand. Though the bearer is ready to drop ; He waves it wildly to and fro, And hark ! how the crowd are shouting below — 'Back!' And back the opposing barriers go.' ' A reprieve for the Canongate murderer, ho ! Iu the Queen's name — Stop ! Another has confessed the crime.' Whish, rush — whish, rush ! The guard has caught the fluttering sheet, Now forward and northward ! fierce aud fleet. Through the mist and the driving sleet, As if life aud death were in it. 'Tis a splendid race — a race against Time — And a thousand to one we win it. Look at those flitting ghosts— The white -armed finger posts. If we are moving the eighth of an inch, I say. We're going a mile a minute. A mile a minute — for life or death — Away ! away ! tho' it catches one's breath : The man shall not die in his wrath. The quivering carriages rock and reel. Hurrah for the rush of the grinding steel, The thund'ring crank and the mighty wheel ' Are there any more pas .... sengers For the Night . . Mail ... to the North ': ' * Formerly the doors leading to the platform were closed just before the departure of the train. 