[?] By J. O. B. There is a vulgar but, unfortunately, widespread impression abroad that the Sclav is a melancholy man — a person of a sombre temperament, whose thoughts nearly always flow in a deep-cut channel of abnormal depression. The writings of Count I Tolstoi and his predecessors have done much to j favour this view. They are generally introspective — sometimes morbidly so — and cast in a lugubrious mould. But a late telegram in the Sydney Morning Serald goes a good way to show that, at bottom, the Sclav is a rare humourist — a 6ort of mad wag when the fit takes him. The Moscow Gazette, it appears, de clares that Russia has guaranteed Turkey against aggression on the part of Great Britain. The Russ has no sense of drollery!— absurd. No finer illus tration of national pleasantry has been offered to the world this century than that of his protecting the Moslem from being gobbled by Britain. And yet, as if to show bow differently things may appear according to the standpoint from which they are viewed, 'there is no reason to doubt that, to the ordinary Muscovite, who knows on what terms we secured Cyprus and sees how we cling to Egypt., England seems to he Turkey's worst enemy. For a couple of centuries tbe Sclav has been walking into the Moslem in both Europe and Asia, stopping for a few years every now and then to digest what he'd seized before marching on for more. So far, the heart of the doomed Empire has been kept from him by other Powers — not through affection for it, but fear of him. The extremities, however, are already pretty well under his paw. And to guarantee the unassimilated portion against out siders — this is humour and generosity in excelsis. *' * * * At the forthcoming eight-hours' demonstration in Sydney, on the 5th instant, it is proposed to offer three prizes of £5 each for (1) the largest foot, (2) the prettiest ankle, and (3) the baldest head. For a long time it was thought that generous feet and ungenerous hair were disadvantages in life's race. To remedy, or at least modify, the size and contour of the former has for centuries been a standing puzzle to cobblers. Boots with square, with round, and with pointed toes have been successively tried, but the result has not come up to expecta tions. They only emphasised the prodigality of nature while affecting to conceal it. At the best they merely succeeded in shifting the pedal protube rances from one portion of the understandings to another — in removing to the instep a development that previously monopolised the heel. The with loss of hair. Everything, short of removing the head and thereby preventing further loss, ban been tried, with- discouraging results. In the face of this chronic failure it is affecting, in a barber's shop, to observe how hope springs eternal in . the human breast — how greedily the afflicted one will listen while tlie artist recommends a bottle of hair wash (his own make, in a whisper) which in a few weeks supplies a thatch like a -Louis Quatorze wig. There must surely be some high civilising mission before a nation that offers rewards for baldness and big feet. * * * * A few nights ajgo 800 persons gave a shilling each to obtain entrance to a Melbourne bazaar and beauty show. Shortly afterwards about 400 were outside again sweeping the -public thoroughfare with the' treasurer, while the balance remained behind to sweep the. stalls and either wreck or ap propriate the goods. With the far-seeing instinot of his tribe, the treasurer had placed the door money beyond the region of ambiguity before the returning and ravening 400 charged him. But for timely aid he would probably have paid with his life for his gnorance of what constituted female loveliness. Instead of youth, well-cut features, attractive profiles, ravishing complexions, dreamy eyes, straight or slightly prononcc noses, tiny mouths, and short upper lips, with a dimple at each end, the audience found itself confronted with as choice a combination of feminine unattractiveness as could be assembled within the short time at the disposal of the promoters. The noses were of every pattern but the proper one, while the other features were in keeping. Only a man either wholly blind or affected with incu rable strabismus would thinkof lingering round the mouths. No two persons' ideas of beauty are pre cisely alike ; but all can understand what ugliness is. The lesson will not have been in vain if it but prompts the promoters of such exhibitions either to make sure of the beauties before inviting tho public or to stick to baby-shows, where the ex hibits are. judged by fatness, not fairness. * * * *? At a conference of the inspectors and principal teachers of Victorian State schools it was resolved to modify the curriculum in some important par ticulars. Among other changes, it was agreed that the lessons on morals and manners should bo dropped. Leaving out the question of morals, which is too comprehensive to be settled in a volume, let alone a short paragraph, thero remains that of manners. Tliis is said both by native Australians themselves, as well as by literary globe-trotters who visit her shores, to be the very weakest point in colonial social life. Good manners generally go with reverence for something or somebody, and the antipodean youth is accused of reverencing nothing. There is some truth in the accusation. It is impossible in a new land where everything is fresh from Nature's hand — where there are no famous battlefields, ruined temples, ghosts, fairies, or, in fact, any of the thousandand one surroundings that go to modify juvenile life in old countries — it is impossible that boister ous manners should, not prevail amongst the young. All the more reason, one would think, for lessons in decorum. But, somehow, disguise it as we may, Demooracy — so admirable in many ways — is fatal to reverence and, consequently, to punctilio. I myself spent some time teaching manners to young Victoriaus, but, on whichever side the fault lav, the Tesult was deplorable. It may be they'll get on better without being taught how to hold their hands and how to leave a drawing-room without doing a 'double-shuffle' on the hearth rug a$ a preliminary to leave-taking. At any rate, the experiment is, perhaps, worth trying and watching. * * * _ * The special sub-committee of the Sydney Muni cipal Council appointed for the purpose of recom mending an improved method of city lighting explains the tardiness in* furnishing the report. The delay was caused by the committee's desire. to bold its haud or look on while other cities spent money in experiments. When these experiments are complete, and strange communities have adopted a workable plan, it will be for Sydney to follow suit. This may be worldly wisdom, but there is just a seasoning of close-fistedness about it. Suppose all councils acted in the same way! This leaning towards inertia till one's neighbours showed the way never made a great man or a great nation. It is the same in literature. No copies aro ever equal to the originals. A man writes a successful book or strikes out a line for himself in journalism. At once a crowd of imitators spring up like mushrooms, but they never even approach the original. They have assumed a strange dress, so it is ill-fitting and sits awry. Let me give a few illustrations. There are those who would not dignify by the name of 'literature ' the cohtribu- ? tions to fleeting periodicals, nor even such light reading as Thackeray's 'Four Georges' or 'Roundabout Papers,' Dickens's 'Boz ' sketches or 'Pickwick,' Irving's 'Knickerbocker,' &c.; These austere critics enjoy the bad jokes of Aristo phanes because of their age — despise the good ones of Twain because of their youth. A baa such dul lards ! Over a quarter of a century ago one Arte mus Ward gave us inanovel and occasionally clumsy dress some examples of genuine humour. His imitators were as the sea-sands. But, compared with him? They were as a child's tin sword to a Damascus blade. Long before his time one Dickens gave us 'Pickwick.' Then mmn forward Reynolds with 'Pickwick Abroad,' which prompted many to set out for London so's to get their hands on the author. A man supplies 'Looking Backwards,' and at once tbe dunces elbow their way to the front with knock-kneed travesties. Even Punch once in a way supplies artistically-arranged metrical slang signed *'Arry,' and, incontinently, London journals are malodorous with ' 'Arrys ' whose poor drivel add a new terror to life. In any walk, by waiting for others to forge ahead, so as to copy them, you will never be in the front rank. For years we Sydney folk have put up with wretchedly-lighted streets and with steam trams, which aro so -many peripa tetic crimes. By tbe time, in the rising genera tion, when other systems are substituted, a further advance ^ will have been made in less slow- going communities, and we shall find ourselves panting painfully behind. He city council's resolve to \vait and watch is responsible for this little canter. 