.THB'WEE^.iaG.is'a.;' [ Taitb&airs;/Summoi: Meeting;'' '?? . , MURIEL TYIKS !TItE CUP. . \ ?' ' Hooreflold Races. - ? :?'. The second day's racing of Tattersall's 'Bummer Mooting was, iiko the first, -largely attended. Taking the woathor for ttlliuallit was not so oppressively warm ;.rb was^anticipated, but tho afternoon rays :;iif Old, Sol weronot so mild as those of the foronoon., Thoro ia really no positivo ineans of ascertaining how many wor'o present, but if tbo number, on tho opohirig day reached 15,000 then thoro is no harm ?in saying that fuily 20,000 put in an appearance on Thursday. The manage ment waB precisely similar to the oponing day, and if anything. the track was, owing to recent fine weather, a trifle firmer and fastor. Mr. J. ,B. Oliffo occupied the judge's rostrum and gave his verdict3 Without hesitation in tho most satisfac tory manner, and ilr. Thomas 'Watson Buccneded in despatching his fields in tho most meritorious fashion. The rivalry liotweon the fair sex to outdo one another in gorgeous costumes was quite as ap parent as. on any day at Eandwiek, and a stroll past tho grand stand while tho races ?wore being run would well have repaid anyono for their outlay to witness tho spectacle alone. ? With half a dozen racos to lie put through, considering tho largo fields, a commencement was necessary at 1 p.m., and as they wuro roolod off up tn ?advertised timo and little delay occurred { at, tho post in the last race those, who ', were fortunate enough to catch tho first batch of trams wore landed in town at 6 : p.m., .which permitted ot' amplo time to ? propaco for the evening's amusements | without inconvenience. Proceedings eom '? menced with the appropriately-named ; Mow Year's Gift, for which fifty-five : nominations had been recoived, and no | fewer thaii. tweufcy-fivo took part. , Tho ; good deeds of Fiancee at tho A.J.C. Meet :-:ing, when sho fairly ' paralysed her oppo I'vneuts in tlin Plying Handicap, had tlio vellect of inducing tlie public to back her i.with groat zost down to 3 to 1. ' A host of .others met with strenuous support, but punters woro not happy in finding the ;. right one, as Clonard, a perfect wonder on tho tracks, but not too good ,in company, won comfortably by a ; couple of lengths. To his backors,who wero very few indeed, his victory was welcome, as he furnished :them with, the sinewy of. war to fight tho books for tho remainder of the day, pro : vided they wero not plungers. The blow was a severe ono to many, however, as tho favorite was first, away, and led for fivo furlongs; when she gave up tho ghost. Magiiala aud Lavender ran splendidly, and Venapa, who^ finished fourth; in no wise ' disgracod herself seeing that the raco was 1 run in lmiu 11-Jsec. By tho way, it might ; bo , worth monlioning that six mares ? finished in front, after the winner. After two previous victories on tho part of Lady '. Lovol, it was not at all surprising that tho .daughter of Tho Drummer should once '. more, carry the confidence of. tho«o who backed her on those occasions, and the way : in' .which alia fought ont tho battle with * Ilirabilis in the Disposal Stakos was well worth witnessing, whilst it proved boyond a: doubt that lior former wins wero no /'-dukes. This was ono of tho best selling 'races over soen. Tlie overgreon Tattor ?V Ball's . Cup, . now twenty-two years in Bxistonco, was eagerly waited for, and ^uhchoon hour seemed an ago to many who dreamt of fortune. An interesting ehap .; toic 'could bo .written auent this great racn. The increase in stakes, tho exploits of the ?1 winners, riders, &e.;, wonld fill a book, but :'warit of space prevents anything Iiko that :.Bt this juncture Out of tho nineteen icolored on tho card Odo was the only ?absentee. The mighty Melo3 till along ?held the honor of favorite, but ho failed ignpminiously. Threo to ono was his price, and thon caine Vospasia, Highborn, ?iBligo and Antrcus at various prices, while \ Muviol, tlio ultimata winner, started at tho remunerative odds of 12 to 1, the remainder being quoted at figures varying up to 25 ' to 1. After Lancer and Southerly Buster Uiatl shown the way for a few strides, Yowl : and Mantilla (jot together and showed tho -Uvay along the bend, into the straight and sap to tho juilo post, -whoa Antkms, Yowi ! and Yivbba took charge. Tliis trio re l mnincd together; along tho back, but ! passing the. sheds Autsous and Hopbittora | held tho load. Here Vospasia took. Hop j bitters' place and tho pair showed the way ! into the straight, whore tho horsocollapsod, i uud VesiKisia led up to the distance, whoro [ Muriel clime out and after a stubborn sot | to for a few st- rdos, tho Bathurst maro liad [ her opponent in trouble, and comingaway won rathor easily by two loiigths. Old I Lancor dropped into 'third place, followed by Hopbitters, Highborn, Melos, Southerly Buster trad E.K., Sligo being tho last to I Gnisli. The. Steeplechase brought out I eight competitors, with tho Qucens f land gelding a warm favorite at 5 to 2 ; j 7 to 2 was taken about Reuben, p to 1 Bushman, tho others ranging at various prices. Guy Fawkes made the running for a circle, when old Murmiou dushed to the front. Tho first fenco after tlio troblo proved disastrous to Reuben, and Marniiou still Bhowing tho way led round and over the treble tho Bfieond timo. Blnndoring, however, at the seven f urloiig post, ho civmn a cropper, and tho next found Guy Fawkgs turning a Eoinereault.: Here Beggar Boy, who had been running last and apparently out of tlio hnnt, put on all sail, and passing one I after tho other got oa terms with Bush man at tho -last fence, with Grafton on their heels. Beggar Boy and Bushman I r-.iced out on to the course proper togothor, I elosoly followed by Grafton, and the trio I almost simullaneo'uslv leaped tho paling in | company, but the Northerner had too much I pace, and coming away won easily from I Grafton by foiir lengths, with Bushman a I couple further away. Nono of the others I finished. Silonco was tho elect of the I Eorentocin starters for the Nursery Handi I cap at 3 to 1, Eloquence being at 5 to 1, I and Piecrust at two points longer. Save I Hint Queen of tho Night was first away and I tlieu gave place to Marplot and Eloquence, I svho led ui) to tho distance, whoro Hales brought out Rudolph's, sister and won easily by four lengths, ?? little need be said of this avent. Tho last item on tho programme was the Clnb Handicap, for which Paris and Crown .Towel both started ntatol; ? Fernando made paco for the creator part of tho jouriioy, with Paris r-lwaya handy, ? whilo Crown Jewel, wlio would not race, lay socoiicl last, where he finished. ' Stockwoll at oiio titno showed a. bold front, but he died away to nothing aFtor a sot-to with Paris, the latter novor being troublod aftor hoading for home, and winning oasily by four lengths from Don | castor, with tUo oonaistiint-bufc unlucky I Southerly Bit3ter filling third place. 