THEATEEROYAL. ?< Thechange of bill!at the Theatre Royal atn , tracted a. large, audience ih the ipopular portions 6f the auditorium at'the: Theatre Royal on Thursday night and .appreciative observers in, the circle. Ail adaptation of .the late Marcus Clarke's .famous.novel* "Forthe!Term of His ? . Natural.Life," . was performed in Adelaide a few years ago,-but we are informed the present version is the-only one which'{gives a-'royalty;' fa;his; widow, who' ^as ' once ; a graceful orria- . in^nt! of" the' 'colonialvstage-rthe pretty" and ?nvacioua Marion: Puririi ; \This!l«ly; is now. supporting her . children : by officiating as' mistress - ? of - a post-office in Vic toria,and it . therefore; pleasing to us to be able to record! for, her.sake as well as for, the appreciation , of ,;the present company; that the.play as presented on Thursday was a. decided success. -It is'the'best-dramatisation 6f'the work that we have jseen. Had - Marcus; Clarke lived to remodel'his novel he would" £o doubt have lightened-its-sombre pages, which; he -drewofrom ^actjual rfacts yand;rStaite - pajfera "to ^which y Hex had' ^access-1 iir - his position of librarian of "the" National Library,' in Melbourne; Urifortuhately h^diedi all^ too young-one'1 of the !mostr gifted. writera who:. ever-' wrought - on the - colonial -press. It-has been a labor.of love withMf.; Pampiei; to make this drama acceptable to the publio,- aidedby' Mr. Garnet Walch and others, i.and vthe coir laborateurs have succeeded : in divesting _ it of inany of the horrote . of -ihe -'Original' ptory, -whil& . making-; it sufficiently lflus-' ifcratite -tjf -the old ;.! convict" days to.tbe jntertetlfig and., iiistmbtiTOi to [the onlooker:^ !Poor;P&jves;, m the .riaveL "fulfils his! jBeritence toitheenfl of .his :M naturdi" or what should'be termed annatural life, but the adapters''Have had compassion enoujgh to-meet-the exigencies.' of the stage, -and bring thepfey to a conclusion inore' meet with the . fitness of thing3 iri!;tlie!> present! [stage of' .colonial-, history. n-.Thak plot i. as presented runs):, as follows:-: Sir Richard Pevine, a wealthy- English [ship^ builder,- is in-eager search forms- son whom he ; had turned out years before; and upon "the! return of this same, son the:dramatisations,of Mi. Paippierpperis. . . An interview occurs;be tween fathet and;: son--the one exacting? < avaricious, personally ambitious; the other' boble, manly,- -honorable, iWiiitjh -ends in bitter curses on the;, fathers ; side. ^ John Rex,'' an accomplished scoundrel, I whom ! Sir Richard; emplbys!to firi&his; son, meditates the.oldiaro-: pet'smurder, principally to remove an. obstacle to his long cherished demgns.- He.bears a re markablelikenessto . Richard Devine, and by ireinoving the old father and banishing the, s'ori he may assume, the name and impose upon' ?Lady Devine,: who ;has! not seen her! son for pver 12years.. ;Rex meetsiSir Richard alone; pnd murders him, though nearly discovered; in: thfe« . act . byone' Parson North; a gambling" cleric. Richard Peiine coming : .across., the moor recognises:.;his, .father's form;arid!! while binding, over, him, is surprised .by Res,-, jvho ;haa returned with a'Major Vickers;--arid; now !boldly - charges him; with his father's; paurder.-- Kiohard (who is unknown to both); stoutly denies; though, he. carinot' state ,who!ie' is, on account of his. oath and love for! his mother..! When questioned he gives the name, bf Rufus Dawes, and is formally charged with the crime by-Rex. Mr. North returns to the scenef of the murder and recognises Rex as the. leader of the coach robbers, though he will pot! Btatei Richard's innocence of the'crime .of mur der, from the f^ct .that he has recovered forged bills from the dead body of Sir Richard which implicated himself.-The^scene- now shifts to Australia, or- rather . Van Piemen's iand; we fire shown- i'the con vie ts11 "Settlement, the fconvicts at work, and all around inanifestations of ?: miUtaiy/;?i3iscipline and prueK-irule^AThe . commandantj a Maurice {B"r6re,a - is ..especially '.- brutal > -'bis treat ment, and to hone -is ; this': more: shown> than iDawes (Richard Devine)^ who is flogged, jstarved, marooned, thrown almost into the ?jaws of a meroif ul death j ? only to jbe - .snatched back to the horrors of a tortured life, Owing to Frere's repeated.binitalityAand;' fa .theyfaob that the settlement, soldiers, . convicts, ; !arid Civilians are moving to more- secure quarters^ the prisoners meditate a mutinyj,;ahd> tha"act! .ends powerfully whea the iriutmea^. are : oveis powered by Parson'Ndrthj,;!pawesr -and -'the "warders. From this the :*bqok is closely.fol lowed. In the. next. -. act ?! we! see, -Frere, - Mrs.-, jVickers, and his child, W together* with that nonentity, Rev. f Mefekih,^ .thrown' "upon! an uninhabited island by the cbijvicts.whQ have seized the ship. Here Pajves, who has been left behind, finds them, and by daily acts of Jdndness -and. manly ; generosity., proves his< superiority to..!the .briit^..Frere,,:. He. finds food for. the ladies,iand between SylviaVickers and Himself there springs up ah unspoken love,, the one bright speck of nope in the narrowed, dismal life of the wretched-convict. One of the .convicts, Gabbett, by chance finds the retrea,t -fef the ladieBx aa&a.; >mAdd«ied by starvation and drink- he murders Mrs. Vickers. Sylvia,- who: witnesses the1 crimed loses her reason on the spot and can remember ; iiothing. The search party sent out by Cap ' tain Vickers discovers the whereabouts of, tne^ deserted ones and a joyful meetingfekesplaced Here- again Frere shows his.'brutality. . Owing. ; to Sylvia's loss of reason -he' is safe,;arid-.:he boldly charges Pawes with the murder of Mrs. Yickers. The poor wretoh. is thrown, into gaol and doomed to further; "tortus,. r lVom ..this Mr. Pampier goes awajr from the; novel, and the drama becomes .''mtepsely-;; inteifesting." Pawes sees SylVii agairi^ but.she\ cannbt recall a single incident, and he . is' flogged :by-iPrere' for his presumption. This goes ; on-daily. Erere.blossoms into a 'drunkard, his brutalit^! is even more pronounced, .and ;' at last' Pawes is to be! hanged. Ih the meantime, Rex has returned * home- after {escaping, and for two years passed as Richard Pevine. He is detected, however and is brought back by Captain Vickers.-.'Amongst ?the ' returned ; prisoners is Gabbett, ahd ori seeing again the' murderer of her mother Sylvia's reason returns ;, she remembers. Pawes, -whom,she lov§s. Trere. iB killed by Rex, arid all ends happily iri the release, of the unfortunate heir to. the title and estates ot Sir .RichardiDevinei i . Tha piece is well staged, so far as-scenic effects are con cerned, and the full' strength of the company is involved in . the;; cast, in which not only the leading; parts are-, well sustained, but also-; the minor role's, ' so that the. effect is; -thoroughly satisfactory throughout.. Mr. Pampier has taken to himself the part of the. Rev. - Mr. North, the clergyman . 'who,-, having beeri instruihental - in., seriamg; Richard! Pawes -to Vari Piemen's Land, follows him, there to work out his own scheme of remorseful retribution,"r Mid-, at lenjgth . is successful in proving the innocence of-the wretched prisoner!; The'role is sustained with', sympathetic feeling! and a naturalness" that makes . it very . ac ceptable' to the.; audience. Mr. Rolfg gives a : .very,able representation bf the convict:Pawes,.. -otherwise Richard Pevine, as does- also Mr. Appletori ofthe villainous . character.' Johri . Rex.; The cruel and truculent gaolkeeper.has a" fittrng representative in Mr. Harford, who acted .in a fashion. whicK.drew, down upon him the hisses of" the gods, thereby showing how detestable such a' being could be even ripon the mimic stage, and how inhumanly brutal he must have been in real' life . itself. Mat . Gabbett, the cannibal, was ari excellent piece ' of character acting by the. veteran !Ned Holloway, who Ippked arid. comported himself as though j he could eat . one of his mates on the island, and . the scene in which he proposed to satisfy his appetite in this outr6 fasnion was eminently . realistic. He was ably seconded by Mr. J. H. Martin as Crow, alias Thin Jack, whose gag!of "a very good tmng, too," came in most aptly.. . when it was announced at the end of the play ; that the brutal Vickers was dead. The piece was relieved. with bits of comedy in which Mr. Reg Rede, as the . Rev. , Mr. Meekin, . scored largely,' and the other iriale members of the company were effective throughout. . The part of Sylvia was well sustained- by Miss tilly Pampier, and Sarah Rex found a very able, representative in'Miss . Katherine Russell, her part being the strongest i and best of. the feiriales. Miss Bilton as Mrs. Vickers and Miss Merton as Lady Pevine were also very effective.; The audience re j ceived the piece quite enthusiastically, and the ! curtain had to .be raised in response to recalls, i particularly at the close of the final. act. The members of the company I fit _ the parts "in the- play better than ! in anything [in which they have yet appeared here, and " His Natural Life ". would we are .certain have drawn large houses for a week had it been,staged for that period.. It is to.be succeeded. on Saturday, however, by " The. Miner's Right." - ] SATURDAY POPULAR CONCERT. i The twelfth of this season-series of Saturday liight concerts is announced for to-morrow. evening. ~ The principal attractions will be iliss Bertha Rossow, late of the Patey Con cert Company, who will sing three popular numbers; Herr H. Heinicke, the violinist, Miss Lucy Stevenson, and Messrs. Marcus and Holder. j HUDSON'S SURPRISE PARTY. | A large audience assembled in the Port Ade laide Town Hall on Thursday evening, and. were entertained by Hudson's! Surprise Party. In the first part Miss May Habgood presided i-ajt the piano -Miss L. Linton acted as interlo-. i cutress, Mr. T. Hudson as tambo, and-Mr. W. Perman as bones. After an overture by the I company Miss Mina Hogarth was heard to' advantage in a ballad, "Pear old Ireland,;"- Miss Connie Pevereux for "In ' sitting in the twilight" was deservedly' applauded, and Miss Blanche Gerard for her " I'll follow thee" was encored. The Permans then appeared in a double song and dance, and the programme was brought to a close by the sketch "Matrimonial Bliss." The party will appear again this evening. : THE FASTING MAN. j Felix Tanner completed the SOfch day. of his self-imposed fast on Thursday, when a number of visitors entered an appearance and put the question which the taster has answered, so many times-"don't you feel hungry." There are but 10 days to run to complete the task, but Tanner does not seem at all impatient, and says he is getting along comfortably. The thing that strikes the viator most6f all is the appearance of the " do- without-food" showman. He looks healthy and robust, has a nice color, and without wishing to. cast any doubt on £40 bona iides of the fast, it requires ane?:fc:;sa,$:=; faith to believe that.thefresh, well-coix:!'Llousa man sitting writing a£;-the table had ralVairied. froni partaking of anything more substantial. , than water for 30 days and 30 nights.. Beyond ? a little-.'weariness: shown in the eyes there is nothing to distinguish the faster from the man who, has just, left a restaurant.. Mr. Tanner states that his ability, to do without food for so; long, a period is due solely to will power, and thinks-tne power to faat fora lengthened time is possessed byall if they would but exercise then: wilL 1 .. . CycLOSAMA, . * ' AbontlOO of the-boarders and scholars of, Hardwicke College attended at the Cyclorama on, Monday, and greatly enjoyed their visit, Mr.. Lockley.gaye a most interesting leoture, . r- , .-.MtjsioaiGHOST ILLUSION.. ?: In rspite of. many counter; attractions this novels entertainment ' continues to attract .the i attention of; the public, over" 4,000 persons' havingiwitnesseclthe:illusion since it was firsts opened'jfivefweeksago.: i CONGEST at>!ehe HOME roif Ikcdbables. i Through the °l^di^ess of! the matron apd1 hei assistantsarp&ty; oflady and gentleman' amateuis from the city,entertained the inmates of' the Hoiiie for Incurables at-ITullaTton on (Wednesday evening with a drawing-room conv ? cert. -Thelarge* hall at'the home was _well filled with patients! and ' attendants. '^Apianoi 'i forte duefcby Misses; PineandMoDoriald opened the programme,iafter*iwhich ^Mies E. pjne sang 1 the " The old: folks at home" with ? jpleasing effect. :j Several Scotch songs by,Miss-1 . McDonald . . proved' -very ' acceptable." Mr., Drewert- contributed' "The old tegade" >and?1 f'La Sereriata" in an JBffiderit manner. -Mr;. Kester - gave " Itfs: "'English; you know," and >ii"'Mr.. ; Hoskin'g rendered "Queen bf --the earth-'?: in 'a: -finished -style. Messrs. - -Tiptaf b and'; Goldsack contributed ? several selections on the violin, -'' The Gondolier* paltz'i -being very 5:jleasingly-: rendered. 1A couple of ? comic 'recitationsby Mr. Quinn were-, well,'received; iThe/jjiano accompaniments were played by <Missea< Pine-and m&Donald; andiMessTBr Goldsack and Hoddng." J-The>; entertaiiuxient'iwas'{;losedv by Jthe-'whole cam.-»£ pany singing " Auld lang syne." I ?r Boc^'m%mTbwiT''FfATiTi. \ The "annual 'socio! gathering in connection' ? witH the Hibeimmri Sociely took-|)Iace inrthe : Town Hall on^Thursday^everiing, and was tof a most- successful character. lAbout0200 ladies arid'gentlemen wer e present; and a long dance; programme was ' earned out, Mr. R. J.'JuBtiitY acting as M.(J.y,Twhilfft-for 'the ,.more; steady-" going folk cards were'^rovided; The'evening - .was .ar most. enjoyable'one. '' -1 i; ' r - 