The Traveller. Superstition Mountain. One of the strangest and most weird tales of superstition comes from the mountain regions of Arizona, hardly a score of miles from the capital of that territory. Here, in the desolation of the mountain fastnesses, where only the hardy hunter and prospect- ing miner ever walks, is a lone mountain peak that extends high into the sky and which is called Mount Superstition, a name given it by a race of Indians that at a very early period roamed over this part of the country, which at a later epoch became the hunting ground of the savage and treacherous Apaches. At the extreme western edge of the summit of this ghost-haunted mountain can be seen to-day the crumbling ruins of an old stone fort, from which a grand view of the country is to be had. Within the enclosure that surrounds the walls of this old fort is perhaps an acre of land, or rather rock. This mountain is the possessor of a strange Indian legend, and has for years been held in such veneration by the red men of Arizona as to prevent even the most in- trepid warrior from hunting on or even visit- ing it. In the early ages prior to the establish- ment of missions, which the archives show to have been more than two ceninries ago, there came up the Salt River Valley a strange tribe of Indians, who settled at the foot of Superstition Mountain. They were not a race of giants. Instead their stature was about four feet, and they came into the valley 1,000 strong, and brought with them a drove of strange animals—evidently sheep. At this early age Arizona was the home of the warlike Papago and Pima Indians, who held in fee simple the valleys, while the mountains were held by the savage Apaches. These strange invaders were peaceful and followed the avocation of farming, and the Apaches regarded them as possessing super- natural powers and as holding strict com- munion with the Great Spirit ; and for this reason the squatter tribe was not molested. The Indians at once began work by irrigat- ing and tilling the soil. On the summit of the mountain they built a stone wall, where at night they slept in security from the en- croachments of their warlike neighbors. The religious rites of the strangers surprised the Apaches. When the sun rose on the eastern slopes the dwarfs would rise and, facing the orb of light, stand motionless until it had risen above the mountains. Then they would lie face downward for sev- eral moments, during which incantations were performed by the medicine men, after which they would rise and go about their daily work. The dwarfs occupied their little dom in for five years, which the Apaches, who had traded with the ' little men ' were given a surprise. The Apaches had often noticed that the central figure in all the religious rites of the dwarfs had been a woman much taller than the dwarfs, commanding in ap- pearance, with a white skin and long, flow- ing, light hair. In their ignorance and su- perstition, the Apaches attached to this queen supernatural powers. During he five years they had never seen this woman in the valley, and they noted that the little Indians regarded her as a deity. About the middle of the summer of the fifth year the Apaches learned that a body of armed war- riors were marching into the country from the south. They prepared for defence, but learned that the coming warriors were only in search of the dwarfs, and they abandoned hostilities. In the meantime the Apaches noted the agitation of the dwarfs and saw them making prepartions for resisting a foe. Great piles of stones were piled on the edges of the pre- cipices overlooking the valleys, the sheep were driven into the mountains and the rude farming utensils taken to the summit. The Apaches, who are natural born assassins, had no grievance against the dwarfs, but were not displeased with the prospects of war, for they thought it would be to their gain. The chief of the Zunis, as the invaders called themselves, told a strange story to account for the hostilities of the tribe against dwarfs. He said that a dozen years before, the priests of his tribe had journeyed to the waters of the rising sun. Here they found among a tribe of Indians a beautiful pale faced squaw. By a barter the priests secured the woman and brought her home, where she was held in high veneration and re- verence. The tribe regarded her as possess- ing supernatural and divine powers. The chief now in command of the invaders pro- posed to wed her, but she fled and took refuge with the dwarfs, who were a branch of their tribe, which was an offshoot of the Pueblo Indians. The chief commanded the dwarfs to sur- render the pale-faced squaw, but they par- leyed and migrated. The chief had now come to secure the woman and punish the dwarfs. The invading warriors were about 700 strong, and were armed with bows and arrows, rough spears and stone battle-axes. The dwarfs were scarcely armed at all, and the Apaches figured an easy victory for the invaders. The armed warriors followed the mountain ridge, and approached Superstition Mountain without attempting to scale it steep sides. It was a bright warm afternoon that the invaders approached the fort. Not a person was in sight but one, and she, the white woman, stood outside the rough walls, by the side of a muddy pool about 100 feet from the wall. She knew that not an arrow would be shot nor a spear thrown at her, and she stood there, her hair streaming in the breeze, a picture of beauty that even the untutored Indians could not help but admire, a fitting gauntlet of battle for the knight errants of old. Urged by their chief the Indians made a wild rush toward her ; but she stood still, the most perfect confidence marked in every feature of her beautiful face. When the foe was but a short dis- tance away she picked up an alla—or earthen jar—and emptied the contents into their midst, and then ran quickly, scaling the wall by a ladder that was drawn up after her. In a moment balls of fire seemed to roll over the mountain. Many of the Indians fell dead on their way to the fort ; others, terror-stricken, jumped over the precipices and met their death. The chief was one of the first killed, and the disorganised band retreated, while the Apache sentinels who had been stationed to watch the litte battle fled in terror. Several hundred of the in- vaders perished, and not an arrow was fired. The Indians who escaped said at once that their defeat was brought about by the Great Spirit and returned home. After this the wonderful powers of the white squaw were spread throughout the country into every In- dian tribe, and this was sufficient for a time to protect the dwarfs. Two years after this a band of Chiricahua warriors, the most bloodthirsty of the Apache nation, visited the Pinals in the valley. While intoxicated on pulque they attacked the dwarfs in the night and met a like reception to the Zunis, which killed many of them. From this time the little dwarfs were unmolested for several summers, when they disappeared as suddenly as they came, going to the southward. The Apaches called the white woman ' Pale- faced Lightning,' and claimed that she had disappeared in a blaze of fire and that the dwarfs, knowing their protector had gone, fled to a more secure place. The spirit of the pale-faced squaw is now supposed to reside in a cave in the mountain, and not one of the Indians can be hired, to this day, to go up the Superstition Mountain. The phenomenon that so surprised the In- dians is explained by a gentleman residing at Phoenix, A. T.—Mr. P. C. Bicknall. He says that on the north side of the precipice near the old fortification, is a dyke of pyrit- ous iron, and on the south side the mineral appears in the form of copperas. In the latter there was a small hole in which water, impregnated with salt, was constantly drip- ping. From this, across the mountain, where veins of copper in the native state. The copper stringers connecting the ledges rest- ed on a kind of slag, produced by volcanic heat. Here was a positive and negative pole connected with a good, electric conductor, and a chemical decomposition taking place that would produce a current sufficiently strong to be destructive to animal life. Hamilton's ' Resources of Arizona' makes reference to the ' Cave of the Spirit Mother' as it was called by the Indians, and which is supposed to be the cave where the spirit of the white squaw lingers, as follows: ' In another cave, on the south side of the Salt River, on removing the debris, pieces of cotton and cotton cloth have been found six feet below the present floor. The relics were in a good state of preservation, the cotton being of a silky fibre. One of the pieces of cloth showed a rude attempt at ornamentation, having small epelets worked by some sharp-pointed instrument.' The author might have truthfully added that the crumbling bones of a solitary human being were also found in the cave. 