FIFTY. GASIES. A Maori War Incident. -4---- IN FOUR CHAPTERS. *-4--e lBr Arxu WEsrBurr. CHAPTER I. A full summer moon overhead, casting b tr. of soft sheen athwart the trees in the public Domain, Auckland, New Zea land. Lin a rustic bench, beneath the wide wide spreading branches of a giant Kauri pine, sat a half-caste M?Iori girl, and by herside a tall, handsome youth, wearing the dark blue uniform of Coversham's Horse. No Spanish beauty could boast a more tl:rious beauty of face and form than Kiora Selby. _ Her mother-dauchter of the oldest Maori chieftan, To Puke--fell in love, and married one, Tom Selby, a sergeant in the loth Regiment, and with her hand came many broau acres in the most fertile valleys of the Waikato, vwhich the old soldier soon converted into a good, payable estate. While Kiora was yet a child her mother died, where upon Tom Selby bought a snug villa outside thb city, and sent his daughter to r hIording school until she became oel encough to take charge of his lioieo hold. "And so you are going to-mrrrow, Charley ?' she asked, timidly, it the same time, toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. " Must. - really be to morrow ?" "Really and tr'Y, Kiora," he an swaered. " The Praes were put aboard early this eveni-g, and we sail to-morrow at delight." / " Rowv dradfdl this war is," she says, in a low cone.' "AL, dreadful indeed, my darling, but we .oust not stand idly and se thosemnad f{ atics, the rebels, murder and plunder innocent people. Since Rewi was driven out of Waikato the Government have done allin their power to induce the dis satisfied Maories to lay down their arms and live -at peace with their Pakeha neighbours, but you see it is of no avail. Tipore and his crazy brother have roused the Taranaka tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have unfortunately pre vented one Charles Stanton from enjoy ing his Christmas dinner under the same roof as Kiora Selby." "Dear Charlie, no one can regret that misfortune more than poor Kiora," she answers, softly. Charlie laughs lightly, then stoops downward unttl his moustache reaches Kiora's ripe red lips, and-well the moon only knows what took place, for she was waiching them. V Her moonship sees many things that lovers wet not of. On this lovely evening, there was no excep tion to the rule, for she observed, close by where Charlie and his companion billed and cooed at each other, the form of a man crouching low down behind a thick scrub, which completely hid him from the eyes of those he was evidently watching a man with a pale, vile-looking face, which peered out at them from the screen of foilage with a savage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the eavesdropper was sim ilar to that worn by the girl's companion, save tnat lie had three narrow golden stripes upon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non-commis sioned officer. During a long chat, such as lovers usually indulge in, the watcher never stirred from his bent position, but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was born only of deep and ab sorbing interest. It was only when Kiora rose to depart that he retreated further into the shade, and in doing so made a noise that attracted the girl's at tention. " What was that, Charlie?" she cried, nestling herself close to the side of that gentleman, and looking round in alarm. " What is thle matter, dear ?" "D;d you not hear a rustling noise 1 It sounded close by that bush there," she said. "'Seet Kiorn, you are filled with strange fancies to-night," he said, gaily. First it was a shooting star, big with evil portent for us. Now it is a noise, as of some lurking assassin. Pooh, my girl, there is nothing, save perchance some grasshopper looking for his mate.'" "Oh, Charlie, I would give all I pos ses in the world to prevent your going to Taranaki," she said, with sudden energy. "Nonsense. Why " "Because I have one morbid fancy that when we part to night, it will be for ever." " My darling, I-" "Listen to me, Charlie. Do you be lieve in dreams 1" "Dreams, certainly. I believe they are dreams, nothing more." The maiden nestled her small head, crowned with a coronet of glossy, raven hair, closer to his breast, and looking up at him with her large eyes, said : "Ihad a terrible dream the night be fore hast, a dream in which I saw what took place as plain as I can see those trees before me now." " What did you see, Kiora ?" "An encamprnent of armed men, situ ated on the margin of a lovely lake, and surrounded on all sides by high rugged hills, treeless, arid barren is thie ex treme," she responded, in a low tone. "Beyond the tents, on a green patch of sward, my dream disclosed a llsquare of glittering bayonets. in the centre of which were three posts standing upright. On those cruel stakes a nman was being tied hand and foot, to be lgged like a slare. MIy God, it was terrible." The trooper put hIis sarm about the slender form of his companion, for she had begun to shiver like onle in an ague it. "Did you reeognsizo tile features of the unfortunate fellow at the triangles ?" he asked, presently. " Idid." " And you know hiil ?" " Yes." SWIo wa.s lhe. "ira ?"' "Yourself, Charl'e I Oh, the unsutter. able anguishtl deplcted there I t)h, the minsery and despair, and thie sickening dreadful blows that fell upon Smy ears lilke some shuddering hIorror too great for mortal heart to bear I Yet I was coal pelled to Sazo till thle dr.adiful work was ended. Theno I hearld at loud shout away toward ',ie cliff, and lookin,. thence, be ... great horide of MIaori warriors rush like a mighty avala?che uponr. the square of armed men, and lsiver it into a lhun dred fragments. Thenr all became a chaos antd confusion, intermingled with shouts and cries, and a vision ofu the man who had been degraded miounted on a horse withlout either saddle or bridal, his bare and bleeding back glistening conspic. nously above the crowded melee, until, tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, it went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw it no more." Charlie S:anton stood silent for a moment, A feeling of some naulelcss tread began to steal over him at K.:ora's recital, but he shook it oil, and replied in a bantering way. "Dreams are all my eye, sweetlecart. Indeed it has been said by certain crusty old bachelors that dreams are like ladies, they follow the rule of contrary. Come, hold up your head, nmy dear. I shall re turn to you ere the new year is many weeks old, with all my Ihonors thick upon nme." "61 fervently trust rou may, dear Charlie," she replied. Then sud;denly lifting her head: " Charlie, I wars you to make me a promise-a soletri promiso." C" Certainly, dear Kiors. What am I to promise l" " That o?r will refrain fron taking one drop of int,xicating liquor until you re turn to A',ckland." "You'lttle tyrant," lie cried, laugh ingly. /' You would like to set a trap for 116\. you have your tea without stiut whliic' the doctors say is ratnk poison end "oone is to be deprived of his glass of -og simply because that giddy head of yoears has been ru.nning too much on wars a'd rumors of war. 'But sweet IKiora, lit us change the subject. flow lovely the night is." They wont out into the soft glow, arm in arm-she pleading for his promise--he laughingly resisting her. Onward dowu the green slopes, strewn with mnurky shadows, that seemed to swallow them up and leave no trace behind. By and by the lurking figure came forth from his lair, and stood up in the fulllight of the moon-a tall dark man about thirty years of age, face sallow and closely sliaven, disclosing a wide, sensual mouth and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. "So here you are, Sergeant Clement Exley, playing the spy," he muttered apostroplhising himself, a sinister gleam in his eye the while. " Why, who would have thought the ring doves would select this place for their senseless chatter? almost under my nose. 11umph, my limbs are racked with cramp. Confound them both. What the devil can there be about this weak fooling dandy that she must prefer him to a better man. Aye, one who cares more for her than Ihe does." He stood with folded arms a moment, watching the direction they had taken. "There ye go. Charlie Stanton, with the whip hand of me, but take care, my lad, I don't checkmate you. For ten years you and I have been what modern society calls friends, Charlie; butamodern society little dreams how I hate your friendship. It has robbed me of many Ihing I had set my heart on, even the love of this proud wench, who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field, Charlie, moa cher. Well, well, I am con tent to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have bees fulfilled ere this. I have the 'cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, but I will use it when the opportunity offers." He followed in the wake of the lovers with a slow and meditativo step, his head bent, and his hands clasped behind his back. " If my friend Stanton has one pet vice above another, that vice is drink," he muttered, pausing in his walk. Not a sot that loves to tipple alone until he is speechless ; olh, dear no ; but one of your gentlemanly, social souls, who cannot say nay when it is. placed aunder his nose. LIt him promise if he will, lie cannot resist it. I have studied the man. Twice has he risen to the rank of sergeant since the corps was formed, and each time doe graded to the ranks again through his love of good liquor. So, so, Charlie all's fair in love and war. Therefore, I'll bait my line and anglo for you, my friend. " Once landed, 1 see my way to la belle Kiora. and her broad acres." Sergeant Exley, of Caversham's Horse, quickened his pace, crossed the park, and entered Parnell, thence his walk becalme slower, until he reached Shortanad Plaoe. Here he halted, and stood watching thle front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. Tihere must have been something very attractive here to engage the sergeant's attention, for Ile remained on the spot close upon two hours. Hle was still waiting and watching when a young man issued from tile house, hum ming a favorite opera air. "' lullo, Charlie! well met, dear boy' Where have you been ?" cried Exley, in a surprised, yet pleasant tone. "Just ran over to bid tile Selby's good by," replied Stanton. "But what are you doing down this way, Exley ?" " Ah, taking walk tiunder the moon to view tile city. I guess we shan't have another opportunity of viewing the spires ot Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is, Charley, I am glad to have met you." " Why " "Because I was just making my way to the Albion, where I've promised to meet one or two jolly fellows, to take a parting glass. You will join me, of course 1" "t3y dear Exley, nothing would give me greater pleasure, but-" "1But what?" "The truth, is," stammered Charlie, "I have made a promise not to touchl liquor of any kind until 1 returnt from 'laranaki." "' lei," lwhistled tihe Sergeant. "I am sorry for thlat, inasmuchl as you will miss a bowl of thie best ipunch, and one or trwo of the most comic dogs ia Noew Za land. (Good aight." Sergeant Exley turned ilupon his hleel, but Stantion cau:g?ht him by tbe arln. "Hild hard, Exley. VWe sail early iu morning: it's marning already, therefore I'tm with you. I can acconlpany you witahout breaking aly word, eli ?" "' Certaiuly." And thie antgler went in with hIis inten ded dupe, alid broulght himi forth ill tie grey light of thle dawning day.staggering, uproarisus, and with Its promtise shat tered to thie winds. CHAPTER II. Thiere are few scenes it Now Zealand morm grandly ru~c:l than tlhe Olhatn Valley, 'lTaratalki, tlo th lot where the volunteers hal:d formed thle birouac, on the 2.hht of Decemnber, in tanticipation of meetinig ths rebel M:orie. It was Christttas Eve, the time, night; with mnont and stars studdin,_, the dark blue canp , of hIeaven, as oal thle nigiht of the advent ',f thle Maister, na.lrly nneteen hundred years ago. The came was comaposed of six Ihun dred, ranku and file, of the Auckland itiles, togelther with one troop of Chs er shant' HIorse. The latter hadi pitched their tents at a small hilll adjaenet to where tile Comnlitsariat stores had been piled. and covered over by a large tar paulin. Of the sixty men of the troup ten had been told off as a guard, under thecharge of Sergeant Exley. The supply of grog and provisions were only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of ruml standing in a row flanking the stores,-a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extremo to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in the still dead night with no eye looking on. This idea appeared to have taken pos session of the sergeant, for lie called the guard togetlihe about the watch-fire, and said: "Comrades, I need hardly remind you of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Dartopp, as you all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity, mind that; and above all remem ber that any man found tipsy w'hile on duty will most assuredly go to the tri angles. You understand." Theoyappeared to understand very well that drunkenness would be punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards the rum-puncheons-and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to concern him self about their welfare. There were others about ithe fire who did not belong to the guard. One a ashort, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of ocean than terra firma, if one mignt judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and, while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough noseof a mnagntificient water spaniel at his aide. This experiment with the dog appeared cqually interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about four teen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered to the noat de plume of " Sanfly," was one of that gender known as a calmp-fag and general knock about amongst the trooper~. He could speak English pretty well-so far as lying went-and was withal one of the most michievous young vagabonds in Maori land. As the night waxed apace there arose a keen east wind, which Imade the air biting cold, and set the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the. moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin whicht covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinned, until only two persons remained seated by it,-Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed be tween these twain, yet no two men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly and re fined in bearing, but weak- and yielding to pusillanimity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. Hew came these opposites to be friends? Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold-" To Ranga "-Bob Cable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trench from a severe gash in his side received during the attack. The volunteers were repulsed, bat at thle risk of his lite Charlia Stanton walked coolly out'to the trench and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallantl, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And hero they sit by the fire, with the dog between thestm, and a small flask of rum, which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for No. 4 of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises lhur riedly, wishes Cable "good-night," and answers "here." It is his turn for sentry, and he is mnarched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild screech of the polew out yonder by the lake. Sanfly, crouched under the friendly covering of tlhe tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the cover ing and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannikin in his hand, talking to the sentry in a low, earnest tone. " Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harm in taking a glass of grog on such a cold iight. We are not in town where it could be easily obtained, therefore one mtust get it by stealth. Of course you are on sentry, a.id can prevent my taking any, but I must say a small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be missed." "Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly. "Pray do as you please, you have command of the guard; but I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting general orders and Colonel Bartopp's stern discipline 1" The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for the men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with nay caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar smettimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Red tape and bunkus, bunkum and red tape to the end of the chaplter. 111 bet Colonel llartopp ihas not retired to his tent without a skinful of goodliquor: Wlhy then should we, com rade, who havelr to watch through thIe log night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is hiere r'~ady at our hands I" "Bravo, Exley! Very well argued. IMy orders are to allow no oine to meddle with tihe commlssariat, except the quarter master, but, I repeat, you are my superior olficer, and-there are the casks." "(hood. This fellow hlos seems a little apoplectic, e awill bleed him." " With ail my heart; but how will you do it, throlgh his bungllol ?" cried Charlie, laughing. ". ; only a Iungler would go to work that way. See here, I lhave a gimblet. Now, keep watch while I spile thisfellow's frontispiece." Clement Exley east a triumphant look at his companion er lie he went down on Isis knees to bore the runt puncheon. Had the good-natured, inconstant dupe seen that look, lhe would have thought twice before hob-sobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before Iim. But Charlio Stanton, measurling the man by his ownt standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellsw in want of a nobbler, anid who had pluck snoglah to hazard hIis sergeantis stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a serpent. Sailiy beheld Exley holding the pannikin over a thin stream issuing from onei of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gurlcd as it spouted into thie pot ! When the pot was full, Charlio held his thumb to the hIole until the sergeant sphlgged it iup again, " Now, comrade, take a nipl" "After you," said Charlie, modest. ly. " The girls we left behind us," and the sergeant put tile liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any. "1'll give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlio, in proof of which hlie almost emptied the pannikin at a draught. It took away his breath fcrthe nonce, but that was nothing, for the night was cold. " What do you say; shall we refill the goblet, Stanton ?' "By all means, Exley," and the pot was replenished. " I did not expect we were going to have such a jolly time in general," said tie sentry, scating himself on one of the puncheons, witl the can of rumn between his knees. " Come, Clcm, take a sip and pass the decanter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and once more tilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty de grees over proof, and soon began to tell on the trooper. " We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Cnarlie became rather noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't ex pect the visiting oflicer before four o'clock." "Oh, bother the visiting officer; pass the nappy, Clom." "I suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Charlie ?" "Not.at all. I am content- to remain hers till daylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's your heallth, Clem, and may you live to be a general." The sergeant watched hint with glisten ing eyes. "Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy," Irhe said. " I nonsense. Here, hold my carbine, the pot is empty." One a.m. by the sergeant's watch, and his companion is growing thick of speech, and rather prosy. In another half hour tihe poor dupe is staggering about, moral ising to the empty air, like one of Con grove's heroes. He will have another sip of thle Ihquor, and he has his way, for he is beyond reason now, Thb rum has mastered him completely ; anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of human ity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking-ye Gods !-rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted, and leaves him alone in his glory. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three n.m. the comumissariat guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as corect. "How many sentries have you, Ser geant Exley 1'' "Only one, captain I" " I will visit him." It was usual for two men of the guard, and the non commissioned offi.er- in charge, to accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted tile cap tain over to the stores, but of course there was no one to challenge their approach. "Halt " cried the olfficer. How's this I Where is your man, sergeant " lihe asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered, thIe Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out the dark inert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from theo tent, and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to enquire how the man got drunk on his post. The leakinf cask, the gim let. and the pannikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him, told its own tale. "This is a very unfortunate matter," cried the sergeant, with well feigned re gret in his tone. " What is to be done, sir?" "Done! why, your duty, Sergeant Er ley, of course," responded the captain. "Carry the poor devil to the guard tent, and put another man in his place. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night." Morning came with its rosy blush, tinging the hill tops, and kissing the sleeping encampment into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent, where his unfor tunate victim lay, slumberinig oilff the fumes of intoxication. '" Is this but the prelude to her dream?" he muttered. "Gad, it would seem to. Hero are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley be low. Yonder, the Ohan lake gleaming in the early sun like a burnished shield. What more? Shall the curtain rise to day upon the first act of tile dream ? the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? We shall see. Charles Stanton. it would have been well had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest, thou will see the cat ready. And now to snatch an hour's sleep. He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sasily was heard calling for Snap, tile re triever, who ran, frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down tihe hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. CHAPTER III. Colonel Bartopp, an old Indian officer, and moreover a strict disciplinarian, was one of tile last men in the armny to pardon any serious breach of duty in the men under his comunmand. According to the veteran, there could be no crise so hieinous as disobedience and neglect in the field before th3 enemsy, The lives of a thlousand, nay, ten thlous and mens, may rest upon the care and watchlfulness of one sentincl. The General's orders that evenilng con tained the convening of a Court Martial for next dayat noon. iwhich in due course assembled, and the culprit was broughlt before it to answer the charge of being drunk on duty. Charlio Stantton was not sober, and answered the questions put to him iu a Ihazy way, which only miade hlis guilt appear all tile more culpable in tihe eyes of his judges. Once only duriug the proceedings, and when Sergeant Exleoy was giviug his evi dence, he put up hIis hand as if about to rebut the statement, but thie piresident commnanded himin to be silent ; and so hie remained until the proceedings termin ated. Then came the verdict - "Fifty Lashes." Tiere was neither tine nor season for any other mode of punishment. Not a man in the camnp butt tlhat felt sorry for thie unfortunate irisoner. Yes 1 there was oene, but evenl ile r'lpcilrd so. Shammsed symIpathly with his dupe, and received credit for being a good fellow. Our friend Bob C.tblo looked askanco at thie sergeant, and shook his rough pate. "I cannot understand all this palaver about strapping up Charlio at the gang-. way," he said, " We're notsogers, least ways inot regulars. Damninil Ill see Colonel Bartoplp. There's somecthing int the wind thant's not fair and above board."--Concluded in our Next. .L1. I 