Wxz jjoflttfl cfqlfcs. TUMBLED INTO A FORTUNE. iTiv Lv-:vC. Ljt.j.ie, in Harrier's Yon.w/ Pconlc.'] Captain Seaton opened the diningr-EGom. . door and bade the girls good-morning in a very depressed lone of voice. Jim was the first to iiote_ that something was unusually wrong with her beloved uncle. Her bright, keen eyes took in at a glanc-o a new look of anxiety on tho dark, car«?woni face which was so dear to her, aud .is she hcliicd. the eant.im libsrallv to hormny and uiotassfs s!w said iiu her briskest tone — 'Nice day, ITuc-le Jim, isn't it'; I was sure last night it was going to rain.' ' Why, yes. it is a fine day,'' said the captain absent-mindedly. His eyes strayed to the Ibrlom- Ioolriug garden, visible from the dining room windows, upon which a May sun was shining gloriously, scattering golden favors impartially upou neglected lawn, tangled flower beds, and weedy i-a,ths. .The fine old colonial mansion liad once been noted for its perfectly -tended grounds; but these were losing days for the Seatons. Bit by bib tho fortune t-lie captain's grandfather had amassed had drifted away, and now the place was mort gaged 'up to its ears, T3 as Jim's uncle often said, aud worse still the mortgage was that very week to be foreclosed. The. captain had been the bravest soldier that ever wore spurs in battle, but he had re turned from the war to find liis inheritance from the old cousin who had educated him already hampered by debt, aud, Seaton-like, the captain had no talent for business. He tried fanning, with the result usual to ama teurs ; then he ' dabbled in literature,' as he called it. Between the two he contrived to increase his indebtedness aud barely earn a living, while thearrival of his widowed sister m-law from California ten years ago with her. three children added not a little to Iris cares and perplexities. But anyone who knew Captain Seaton never doubted but that lie would take the helpless little family in and give them more than half his share of worldly goods, nor that when his brothers widow died a year later he should teach the children to regard him henceforth, as their lawful guardian and protector. How much self-denial, how much hard work with a not tco ready pen this entailed perhaps no one but the old family servant Susan ever knew, until Jim grew old enough to understand it. Her own quick, -unselfish, sympathetic nature comprehended more than the captain dreamed she could suspect, but he realised that it was J'iin who looked after his comfort in a dozen different ways— Jim to whom he instinctively turned, consulting witli her as though she were fifty years of age instead of fifteen. Jimjiad been christened ' Sarah James,' the iniddle name being for her uncle, but from the time her father had, half in fun half in tender thought of his elder brother, called the baby 'Jim,' the name had clung to her, and now the girl declared she would never give it up. ' I shouldn't know myself as Sarah,' she de clared ; ' Fm just Jim/3 lilsie was two years Jim's junior, and she had inherited all the tieaton loveliness, together, ib must be admitted, with much of the indolence and 'Minikin' fastidiousness which belonged to one branch of the family. Jim used laugh ingly to declare that Elsie was not 'one of the working-classes,' and accordingly ehe was spared any of the hard toil or the privations Jim and .Susan -willingly took upon themselves. To have expected Elsie to fly up and down stairs, to work in the kitchen or the patch of vegetable garden, to mend Stanny's clothes, or even darn her uncle's etoekings would havo sueraed absurd to Jim ; but on the other hand Elsie had a temperas sweet as sunshine, and would do the family credit, so Jim said, no matter :how plain her dress might be. Already she had ehown decided talent for drawing, a _ fact Jim hugged to herself in secret, devising some means of procuring lessons for her petted little sister. As for Stanton, the third of 'the capfcahvg children,' as they were always called in Beck ford, he was, as Jim would tell you, 'only a boy,' but a very sturdy specimen of eleven years old, beginning to be a caro to Ids uncle, who had all the traditions of his race about a scholarly, collegiate education ; and how, he asked himself, could he give it to his brother's child ? 'Yes,' said Jim, _ stirring her weak coffee vigorously and looking with anxious eyes at her uncle, ' it certainly is a nice day. She paused a moment, helped Stan for the second time to hominy, and continued, ' By the way, 'Uncle James, is that — that— Mr. Wilson coming to- day ?' The captain's dark brows drew together, ' Ye?, dear ; I expect him this afternoon. Ho will stay all night, Jim ; you must see about A room, my dear/3 ' And his fiupper, uncle,' exclaimed Jim in a tone of dismay. Too well she knew the slender resources of Susan's larder. ' Yon must do your best, little woman,' the captain said with a faint smile. Ho was silent until Elsie andIStan,'liavingfinishedtheir|break fast, disappeared in the direction of the garden. Then, leaving the table, he flung himself into an old leathern chair by the window and con tinued — *' Of course, Jim, my dear, you know perfectly well that Wilson means to foreclose the mortgage. I am away in arrears ; he will sell the old place, I suppose, and I doubt if there will be fifteen hundred dollars over and above my debt to him.' Jim's clear dark cheek flush 3d anl then grew pale. ' Can't it ba helped in any way, I'nr-la James 'r3 she said piteously. 41 i don't see how, my dear. 1'c-an't got any one else to take up the mortgage. I ean only hope povhaps to persuade Wilson— to urge him to give me a little time.' \- The captain stood up. Jim's miserable little face touched him to the heart. 'Come little girl,' he exclaimed, with an Rttc-mpt at cheerfulness which in no way de ceived her however, 'we must not lose all heart aud courage yet. I am compelled to go to Wilbeck Hollow tin's morning and if by any dianee Mr. Wilson should arrive before I re turn you must be polite and courteous to him. Remember it is all a matter of business witli him ; he wants to see the place, 1 suppose, for himself/' ''See the place for himself,'5 Jim echoed when she found herself alone. It seemed like desecration this stranger coming to count up just what the dear old house and garden would bring. Jim did not feel, of course, quite so ?strongly on the subject as her uncle did, but she, like all the Seatons, had been bred with a love for the 'Homestead' and would have worked her young fingers to the bone to keep the place for her uncle and Sfciuton in the future. Shabby, falling into decay, the spacious old house might be, but to the children it was beautiful reyond comparison ; and now, as Jim finished clearing away the breakfast dishes and carried a heavy tray_ down to the Intchen, she paused a moment in the wide oakwains coted hall to glance with loving admiring eyes about htr. Midway a staircase led up to the s- cond story, branching right and left on to a sort of gallery, and Susan could remember sixty years ago, as a child, seeing the great lioll and staircase blazing with light, and the scene cf splendid festivities when the captain's father came of age. Susan's pride in tho family fortunes was fully equal to Jim's, and as tho latter made her way to the kitchen she lelt sure of a sympathetic listener and adviser. 'Well, honey, old Susan observed, after hearing Jim's story, ' we'll see he gets a good supper, for our own credit.'3 She paused, one \\\ rinlded finger pressed against her lip, while she calculated her resources. ' Til fricassee a chicken,' she continued, 'and do some nice browned potatoes, and you can make a jelly custard.' 'Mean old thing !' declared Jim, with wrath. 'Ob, Susan, what will we do when we leave the place ':' 'It's in the Lord's hands, child,' was tha old woman's answer ; nevertheless there was a mist before her eyes as she carefully washed and rinsed her dishes, Jim silently and sadly wiping them. 'Where's he to sleep?' Susan demanded suddenly. 'Why, the only place I can think of is the haunted room.' ' And arc you going to tell him what folks say about it ':r 3 Jim laughed. 'J believe I will,' she an swered with a sparkle in her eyes. 'Perhaps then he won't be fo very anxious to take the house away from 'Uncle James.' ' 1 never sec nor hear of one that did see a ghost there,' said Susan as she moved about briskly enough for an old woman, putting things away on her dresser. ' And so far as I know it was all talk got up when this house stood on what they called in war days neutral ground. You see, like as net, there had to lie a place where x^cople could feel a little safe, and so I've always suspected a talk was set a-going about having a haunted room just on that account/3 'But, Susan,'3 urged Jim, who had no real belief, but still a certain pride so to speak in the old family tradition, ' why didn't they use the rcoiu more if it was all a made-up story ?'3 Susan shook her head slowly. 'Just be cause it got that name. Miss Jim, I'll tell you my way of looking at ghosts and such like. The Lord takes just as good care of the dead as of the* living, and He isn't one io let the sperrit roam around just to frighten and tor ment the flesh. No. The dead are in His keeping, and He doesn't lose sight of them/5 ' Well,' said Jim, after a moment's reflec tion, 'anyway we'll have to put Mr. Wilson there, because it is the only decent place there is to give him.' ? And presently, jingling a little bunch of keys, Jim went away up the beautiful old staircase and down a side hall to an unused wing of the house, where the room for all this century known as the haunted chamber had long remained unoccupied, its old-fashioned 'four-poster' and some pieces of mahogany furniture mutely bearing witness to the days when the whole house had been the pride and envy of the county. Meanwhile, in a dingy sitting-room facing a quiet street in Sew Haven, a scene which would have greatly interested Jim was taking place. An old man, with a shrewd thin face seamed and wrinkled, was sitting propped up by pillows in a huge easy^ehair, while just in front of him, one arm resting on thr chimney piece and an expression of intense annoyance and disgust on his handsome face, was a young fellow of about twenty-one, ' It's not to my liking at all, Uncle Silas,'' young Joe Wilson was saying. ' I shall feel like an eavesdropper or a detective ; and when I think of all Captain Sea-ton's kindness when I was a boy ? ''^Nonsense,' growled the old man. 'You are only acting as my clerk. I tell you what it is. Joe, you'll do as I say or leave the office. You arc to go to Beckford for me— say I'm too ill— see the place and talk it down, dfye hear 'I That mortgage is to be foreclosed on Tuesday, and Woodman Is willing to give a big price as you know— managed my way. Ha ! ha !' and the old man chuckled with pleasure. 'It's taken me forty years, but I'll pay off my grudge, against James Seaton's father, and with, interest. Called me a thief and a scoundrel did he, and made me lose my election? Forty years. But I have the game in my hands now.' Young Wilson turned away with a gesture almost of contempt. But for the fact of his mother and sister being dependent upon his uncle, he declared to himself he would shake the dust of the office once and for all from his feet. To work there blind to the old man's deceptions was impossible, but, so far, not once had the young fellow lent himself to any mean or dis honorable transaction; and as he made his way to the station this May afternoon he de termined to soften the blow for the captain so far as he was able. Save him from his uncle's grasp he could not ; but as for ' talking the place down,' that, thought Joe, with a scornful smile, nothing would induce him to do. (To be continued. J Colonel Alexander Campbell, of West Vir» ginia, United States, who has been appointed by the American Government as commissioner to Australia and New Zealand in the in terests of tho forthcoming World's Fair at Chicago, was a passenger for Adelaide by the 3Ielbourne express on Saturday. We have seen a letter from Mr. W. West Erskine written to a gentleman in Adelaide, dated London. August 7, from which we extract the following: — 'Just arrived from Canada. Had splendid weather and everything Al since leaving Adelaide, except three days in China, during which 17 in. rain fell, and the heat was stifling. I was interviewed several times in America, and some astonishing tele grams were sent to England and elsewhere. In one I was made to say New South Wales had till quite recently a protective policy instead of comparative free-trade. Again, that Aus tralia owed £1,000,000,000. This, however, may be explained thus— £200,000,000 equals 1,000,000,000 dollars. I carefully avoided com ? niitting myself to any figures, but referred the press people to Whitaker's Almanac for popu lation, public loans, &c.; Of course I don t yet know how the late census turned out, but on one occasion I believe I stated that I thought Australia contained 3,000,000, Tasmania about 120,000, New Zealand between 000,000 and 700,000. How far out I cannot tell, as I have been tco busy to ascertain.' A meeting convened by the Mayor of Ade laide {Mr. L. Cohen, M.P.) was held in the Town Hall reception-room on Friday week to consider the arrangements for giving a public welcome to the Australian squadron. The mayor presided, and explained that while it was proposed to entertain the officers of the squadron at balls and dinners no provision had been made for entertaining the crew. His own opinion was that they should have sports at the Exhibition Building for the men, give them a tea there, and in the evening have .a social of some sort. The Chief Secretary (Sir J. C. Bray) agreed that steps should be taken te entertain the men. Tne Volunteers had arranged for military sports on Saturday' October 3, and it might be possible to combine the two affairs. Sir Henry Ayers pointed out that all the men could not leave the ships at once, and it might be necessary to ^ivo two entertainments, so that each watch might par ticinate. On the motion of Mr. Alderman BuUock, seconded by Sir Henry Ayers, it was determined that a committee be appointed to arrange for the entertainment of the men of the squadron, and that a public subspription-list be opened. The Mayor of Adelaide, the Chief Secretary, Sir Henry Ayers, the Mayors of Glenelg, Hindmarsh, Thebarton, Port Ade laide, X'nley, Semaphore, St. Peters, Kensing ton and Norwood, and Brighton, Aldermen Bullock and Hagedorn, Councillors Meyers, Ware, Pullin. and Sellar. and Messrs. C. H. Goode and G. C. Knight were appointed as the committee, with power to add to their number. It was resolved to send a telegram to liis Excellency the Governor (Lord Ivintore) asking him if Wednesday, October 7, would be a suitable day for the entertainment, and how many men would be present. It was further decided that The Advertiser and Register, the Mayor, and the members of the committee be requested to re ceive donations. A subscription was opened in the room, and over £60 was received from the following gentlemen : — The Mayor of Ade laide and Sir Henry Ayers, £10 each ; Sir J. C. Bray, Alderman Bullock, Alderman Hage dorn, and Messrs. D. & J. Fowler, £5 each ; the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. C. Tucker] and Goode, Durrant, Tite, & Co., £5 5s. each ; the Mayor of Hindmarsh (Mr. J. Vardon), the acting-Mayor of St. Peters (Mr. W. II. Hammer), Councillor Ware, and Councillor Pullin, £2 2s. each ; Councillor Meyers and the Major of Thebarton (Mr. E. C Hemming way), ill If., each. 