Bough and Buthless Methods Deprecated. To ins Editob.— Sir, — It is with some re- luotanae I beg to trespass on your columns. Only I feel it my duty as a democrat and n citizen of a oivilised oommunity to put forth my protest as one of the people against the blind leading of the blind whioh threatens at an early date to consummate in eootal anarehy. Labour wars are now tho rule instead of the exoeption. One set of difficulties are soaroely overoome than fresh and unexpeoted ones, like tho ghost at the feast of Maobetb, arise to exoito oar wonder if not oar reprobation, until their repeated ex hibition becomes grievons and abhorrent. I have long flattered myself that the workers, possessing the means and opportunities for eoonomio education which the advanced thought and broader oulture of the age plaoed at their disposal, would have, sb a resultant, higher itBueB and moro stable endeavour than has been manifest in muoh of their aotion They olamour for what they please to term rights of labenr and fix a standard thereof with tbe in fallibility of a divinity, or the effrontery oi a despot, and rush to give it effcot with the reok- lees soul of a Goth, and tho ruthless spirit of a Vandal. Rights of labour, forsooth! Iuoen- diarism, hoy'ootting, maltreating, wreoking trains, endangering life, destroying properly, blatant swagger and abuso! Are tbeso the rights of labour ? Dosuohmonknow or nnder- stand that whioh constitutes " rights " when vile exoess and nngovernod passion sways their counoilsand debases their propagandism. Rights are only compatible with settled and oivilised life, and belong to it. Uarestrlote J freedom and unrestrained notions are tha beritago of barbarism ; tboy have descended from the savage. It is the environments of our libertioa and rights whioh give seourity to our own without trenohing upon or endangering those of onr fellows — broad-based on law and order they mako sooiety possiblo. Oar individual rights and. libertioa must perforoo be modified at the point where thoy effoot a olash with those of others. To require more ia to demand lioonso. and tbat ia tho eoul of despotism aud brutal freedom. That labour has its rights no sane man oau, no jqst man dare, deny. But tbe very term itself implies tho existence and eaoredoeas of other rights whioh are equally important with these of labour, — the rights of oapitai, without whioh industry, trade, oommerce, speculation, inven tion, &o;, would ereep along at snail pais, while tho moohanioal arts, soieutifio progress, and mush of the floor arts would fall to aohieve their purpose or further tLoir many aud ia valu able uses. There are the rights of werthof mind, whioh onables one man to perform that which a so.re, and in some oases hundreds, nay thousands, oonid not aooemplish, and so on ad infinitum we oouid illustrate in Bupport of our position. Surely it is ever the few who truly think, who originate, or ore qualified to lead and govern. Tho mass make time, tbat is ail. Dare I ask if these agitators who head the strikers have oarefally oonsidered the consequences of their aots ? Aro they equally qualified to guide and oontrol the wild aotion and extravagart demsanour of the men, as thoy have proven themselves patent t > excite those men's lawless passions F If not, great guilt is theirs, and moral, if not legal, criminality lies at their doors. Mob law is a return to barbarism, and is the. array of brute force againstoivil aotion and moral suaBioe. An appeal to war nover settles disputes ; it only agpravates grievances aud.protraets the day of final settlement, and yet those men prate abont rcpubllo iuiam with a glibness that but too plainly evidences their iuoapaoity for snoh a form of government. Republicanism, when it is more than a name, ia based on oulture, oivil liberty, freedom of aotion oompatible with law, order, aud security for life and property, and with settled industry; and I think isonly truly possible for those who aro at tho opposite end of thesoale to tboso who rovel iu the present dis astrous struggio, and who apparently mistake terrorism, fire and fighting, bouuoe aud blood shed, with all the oonoomitants of rowdyism, for the lofty idealism of republicanism. The evils of this masia are further reaching than the mass dream of; slowly but surely it will maim the industrial lifo of the colonies as it threatens to do in England and Amerioa, and is more , surely serving tho ends of foreiga industries and ooromoroa than any ability they possess tooompsto with tho Anglo- Saxon people, More, the glorious uncertainty psrvadlug oolonial affairs is stagnating enterprise, and wrecking the prospects of many ottizens aud seiuers. Ihe wealthy speculator may be seriously affootod, but tho endeavouring many are bnt too oft brought faoe to faoa with 'ruin by Ihe folly and madness of their own' .alass. Tho greatest enemliB of the working masses are their own kind. Equally selfish with other lections of the oommanity,' their :ownV pinion lar self and trado is the. be-all and... ond-aff of human good. Jealous of their own'order they would sooner tend tho fat ox than' aid a fellow delvor to rise from the ranks, and: the loud ist talkers amongst them will "oroek the pregnant binges of tbe knoe where thrift, miy fellow .fawning." Gapriulous and fickle as womoi, any adventurous boo -boo with grandiloquent tongue will oart them to tho devil, if the rights of labour and the wrongs of tho heroy- handed are smothered with big show and noise. What are thoao men olamouciag for ? ilauy thousands of sober, steady, good workers at home wonld bo glad to havo their pay ; aye, many hundreds of straggling settlors here, who have to abide by inaeenro fluotuitiug markets, outside competition, tbe double ourse of flood and drought, havo yot to live, rear their families, and pay their rates, upon less money than thoso olamorous nomtds, who without settled home or interest iu the oolony appeal to arms, and detoeud te the vilest vandalism. The settler struggles ou law- abiding and industrious, resolved to. legiti mately win from naturo hor tieasuros to crown his efforts with ultimate success, whoa he, perhaps, in turn bcooraes the target for the socialist's abuse, who after earning in so tn any years double the money of the settler, will turn nponhim with the sublime spirit of an injured patriot, aud howl against him as a bloated land proprietor and demand the division or confis cation of hie few paltry aores. if the workers are dissatisfied with thoir lot, and they may justly be so, it oortaiuly is their duty to im prove it, but not at the injury of others, whioh they are doing, and that withont bettering themselves. If tho strikers and their leaders wero wise enough to see tho way is onee. It is nut, and never will be, through strikes. In the sggregato failure is written above them. But the trne course is clear — legitimate, law-abiding, grounded in order, thrift, oiono- mios ; the highest of eelf-interest and husbandry gives soepo to and en courages intellectual and moral devdopmint, industry, and self relianoe, alow probably, but sore sb the day follows tho night It will make tho worker bis own employer. It is tho true distributor of wealth and the dostroyor of poverty and great fortunes. It will seo iro moro practicable socialism than all tho soi dixmit leaders of mad communism will ever achieve from now to the ending doom. It oontains the elements of real power and progress, preserving the individual in all his strength and manhood alongside tho only passible equality obtainable so long as men ere unequal in their tastes uud onergies, and wido aeundor aa the poles ia moral worth and intelleetuul oapaoity. That oue tine panaoea ia veluutsry oo-opsration. Yours, Aa., Muroochy River. Occam's Razob.— - 