THE CBI1S0J GilUSS (By the Author of "Edith Lindsay.") CHAPTER XVII. -UNTIL DEATH US 1)1) PART. CHAPTER XVIII.— A WOMAN'S PHO , TOORrfUm. CHA PER XIX— VICTOR GALBRAITII'S PROMISES. CHAPTER XX.— WHO IS- SHE? CHAPTER 'XXL— AURORA BOLTON'S HEART. '.' .. CHAPTER XXII. — VICTOR -GAL- BRAPl'H IS .SET FREE. CHAPTER XXIII.'— LOVE NIPPED IN 'PIT W 13TT1% i . CHAPTER XXIV.— THE END' OF THE . MATTER. CHAPTER XXV.— » I HAVE' NO HUS BAND." CHAPTER XXVI. — AT NEWNHAM BOUSE. CHAPTER XXVII. -BACK FROM -THE GATES OF DEATH. CHAPTER XXVIII;— MADAME: CLA- . i RICE'S ESTA13LIS H WENT. CHAPTER-' XXIX.—'! IT CAM NOT BE POSSIBLE." CHAPTER XXX.-MORE DELAY. " CHAPTER XXXL— THE SOUND OF . WEDDING BELLS. ,. CHAP'i ER XXXH.— WHAT TO . DO NEXT? . CHAPTER XXXIII. - VICTOR GAL- HRAll'H'S CHILD. CHAPTER XXXIV. —THE BAPTISM OF TEARS. CHAP TER XXXV -GERTRUDE BE- . : COM ES AN HEIRESS."' CHAPTER XXXVI. - THE SECOND LOVER. " CHAPTER XXXVII. — « WHEN HE COMES HOME;» , CHAPTER XXX VI II. — HO M BURG. - CHAPTER XXXIX.— COMINO HOME. chapter vr. — a orif ifi'i nniijEii- PARTY AT HEATHERDALE, " CHAPTER XLL— "CAN YOU BLAME ME?" ' r : , ntTA P'l'irT? VT.IT TTTir DDnutrirnv, TO FULFILLED/ /' CHAPTER XL1II. — THE CRIMSON CROSS. , ( ' / CHAPTER XV. — Continued. . The desire of Mrs. Carey's heart was attained ; she had outdone '".Mrs. Elder M'Beaii,'' and that discomfited matron could only own it as gracefully as .possible.' . / .. . /././(>-.'. " Well, Mrs. Carey,", said she, as the hostess.. Helped 'her' to a second plate of cream and" apples, "you do | make your table look prettier 'n mine, but Gertrude's unco! tasty 'bout such things, and somehow you have -more time than I do." . : . "How you do talk 1" . said Mrs. Carey; with polite hypocnoy,.' " when everybody knows I can't; pretend to have things lilce/your folks. 'Ho; take another bit of the cake-v-it's quite plain." ... ' And Mrs; Elder M'Beari, obeyed, albeit' her rival's triurnph lent" tlie deli- catelyrflavored morsels an. ashen taste between her lips, / . ' The dancing followed ' close on' , the supper, but . none too close to suit the eager anticipation of the. younger merabei<s of the assemblage. The barn- floor had been cleared of every relic of its late, occupation, , arid neatly swept while the guests were refreshing themselves at Mrs. Carey's, hospitable board, and an: ancient fiddler, .with beard as white as snow, was seated in a hay nest' up - on one of the beams,.- tuning briskly up as: they re-entered. . \- "Now, then,'/ cried this 'ancient Apollo,", with an additional scrape to his violin-strings, as 'the merry - throng poured in fi'bm the moonlit slope with out, "all take partners.". . ; And the lively strains . of " Maggio Lauder " broke forth : on the ' air, . a cheory summons which ; none of tlie young people disregarded. . ,i ; ' " Gertrude," . said 'WollafW-i-'iMao,-; donald, ,who, much .to Miss /Pprb'es', disgust, had abandoned her cori's'oling coinpanionship ior tho rbiorido' charms of her contemptuous rival, "I'd be proud if jou'd be my partner 'for this first dance." . . - " Thank you," said- Gertrude, coldly, " but I am engaged." - , " To Jamie Simpson ?'' . " ' "No, to Mr. Galbraith.'' . Wallace Macdonald 'turned; away, : evidently in great displeasure/ . " Oh, very well ; if yoii prefer him to me _ "It is not a question of preference," ; interrupted Gertrude, sharply, ; " He asked me first, and I accepted his invi tation." ' And once more Wallace was forced to retreat, to have his wounds bound up, figuratively speaking, by the fair hands of Miss Maggio Forbes. Yet he was unwilling entirely to; abandon the hard- fought field. When Victor led' Miss' Carey to a seat at the' close of the dance he was at her side in on instant. -.."Gertrude," lie whispered, plead ingly, "will you dance this dance with me 7" ' v ' " No, " said Gertrude, a little p'etu- lantly, for. his tones jarred sharply oil the- echoing accepts of Victor's last WOrds. ;>" ' " :' ;;;.; . "- Ypu're .. not- angry with me yet, Gertrude?" piteou sly urged 'poor Walr lace. "I didn't mean any haruL I wish the. nut had been in Jericlio: afore .1 found it." ' ' - " Don't bo absurd,' Wallace," said the girl, unable to repress. a; smile. " I am nob angry with you, only I prefer not to danbe: again- to-night." v. And she kept her word, mi'd while tho 'barn floor, was shaking to the tread .of merry dances she . stood out on, the edge of the woods, leaning on Victor GaTbraith'6 arm, and watching with huh the moori mirrored far off, on the breast of the Caledonian Canal. : V CHAPTER XVI. love's touno dkeajf. Like v'tlie golden lapses of an en chanted clream, the October splendors- passed away, and vanished, and Novem ber came, grey and melancholy, . with her brow bound in blue mists, and- tlie hoar- frosts glistening underneath ' her feet, /and' " Victor Giilbrnith . still lin gered on the hills that overhung tho canal/. i. "It's a shame to leave- while the sport holds - out so well," lie assured himself.) " arid really, Hiav'n't an idea where the time has gone to." ; ;\ Neither: had Gertrude Carey. The chiys wenbiby, and.she kept- no record of their variisiiing foOtprincs. oho was like one' who had passed into a world where , the hours chimed . like pulses of gold over her heart, and tho com mon sunshine of everyday life bears a now significance. ' ' For Gertrude was in love. Her shy, trembling, inaiden heart had set up an idol, and worshipped it in' silence , and shrinking rapture, and the form that stood oil the shrined pedestal was Victor G-albraith.. - : / ;, "I believe the little creature is-got- ting .fond, of me," Galbraith /.said to himself one evening when he went up to his room after- Gertrude had bidden liirn good night, with a light in her veiled eyes which somehow tele graphed its unintended message to the man's inner nature, like an .inspiration. "I do believe she" is." , " Victor sat down and looked. into the fire which biased upon his hearth) with a" strange commingling -of pain and r\l no en t«/fi nmYiril rinmini? 'foniAnoft' ' /iwucuiw, "I never meant it should' coins to this,'' lie thought. " I . was only afn us ing myself.' arid I thought , she urider- . stood it quite as well as . I 'did. " . I have not1 been to blame." Aiid he honestly believed what lie was saying. / " lb makes a man feel like a villain,'' he poridered oil, 'with a\ hot flush creeping into 'the veins of his neck, brow and teiriple )" and -yet she ought, to liave knowh that ' I never could select a" wife" from/' a- /place like thi9— I) who have: been nurtured : in the",, refinehieiit . 'that / accdin- panies wealth and rank. It is out of the question, arid she should know it, the poor little rosebud! I've been a'tlioughtless wretch to stay on here as I have done—and yet who could have clreai'ned of this ending to our. pleasant little autumn idyl' J She had better never have seen me—but, of course," he added, with the philoso phy of a tfue mail) " she'll forget all about it. when Fin - once out of her siglit. Women's lives are inade up out of just such episodes, or the; pages of romance are false interpreters. -I'll go homo to-morrow, ' and forget Scotland and its beautiful dove-eyed nymph 1" ; So Victor Galbraith put aside his troubles, and went caluiy/to'sleop. ( Brit Gertrude'Gnrey was riot allowed so ready, an oblivion whereiii to sink ' her perplexities and troubles. . "Gertrude i" said -her grandfather tlie next hiorning, wliim Mr. Gal braith had sanntered down towards 'the woods, after their early break fast and. Gertrude was shaking the homespun table-cloth out of the door in the midst of a waiting tribe, of chickens, .to' whom the crumbs of every meal afforded a , perpetual > emblem of 'Elijah and the ravens, "" Wallace Macdonald is coming here; tjiis after-:' 'noon !" - / . - / "Is he?" . : '//, s/ a/ . / . Gertrude gave the/ cloth an extra shako,- as if she wished slie. could sliako ,the subject of Wallace Macdonald off with its folds. I "Do you want to know what for ?" asked tho farmer, gravely watching the beautiful vexed face. " If you choose to tell me, grand father l" ' - '? He's comin' here to get your answer,"- saicl Robert Carey ; "to know whether or nob he's "to be played- with any longer. He's coming/to know if you'll marry him at Christinas !" . "Then,", said Gertrude,- biting her- lip, "he might have saved himself . the trouble ; I shall not niarry him, arid hoi knows it 1" ; Robert Carey's brow grew dark, and the knotted .veins. started out on liis brow in strong relief. . '- " Aud i say you' shall marry him ! ' Mrs. .Carey's.;, sallow skin grew a shade paler,, and. she involuntarily paused in her occupation of mending a-, thin place in one of the table-napkins. Tweiity- tliree years : ago she had sa't by, terrified and.trembling, /while -just such a strife waged- between her hus band and her .daughter — and how had it. ended Unly trie igrass-grown grave on the slope of the -mountain church- ' yard could bear witness: "< And now she-:was called' on to endure it- all a second, time. \; - . 'f Father-!" she', pleaded, pulling weakly at .Roberts shaggy sleeve,. " father/ don't be harsh with the child. She aiii't took, time to think. Shell riiarry.hini,. wlien ."No !!' Gertrude ; .turned .to her, grandtriother with a softer, yet not less resolute) yoice. ; "I will not marry liini.'. Nothing on earth shall induce rue to become that man's wife !' ; "/Why .not ?" asked Robert, with re pressed anger in -his voice. . " Because I. do not love him !" "Pshaw,!"- roared Robert, losing control of himself at tliis deliberately, .spoken answer- of the girl's. " Love, love, indeed.-- .This is what comes of your confounded novel reading 1 There isn't 'any such' foolery as love !" " You mighf as well tell mo," flashed out. .Gertrude, witli rising color and kindling ' eye, . .that . tliere is no sun in yonder sky-no heaven above us all. Would you have mo marry a niari I detest— become a slave to the' caprices of one I can neither love nor respect ?" / : . " Wallace Macdonald; is every, bit as good as you are !'! ejacuiatecl Mr. Carey, angrily. "Very: wellr-let 1 someone else ap preciate his goodness. To me lie is simply repulsive." NVliy \ Gertrude, shuddered. . / "I cannot tell you why— I only know' .that it is so:" ! / '. ' . " I his is iojly and nonsense !", said Robert, authoritatively; "Now, look here, yourig; woman, I've boarded and lodged you, and givon you a home about as. long as Tin going to if this is : the kind of Coin you pay me in. , Either you marry Wallace Macdonald when lie warij'-.ypu 't$;iand be. thiiiik- furfoT .the liririor lie does the like o' yoii— a giil as nobody carf p'irit to tlie father of— or -you clear out bag and baggage/ I'll have nb: more. to say. to you." ' ';-> ,Gertrude had- shrunk ad if some . hidden asp had stung her at the coarse taunt concerning lier pareritage -/but she, did not - reply, standing in tlie dorii' way- like a statue, with tlie eastern sunlight floodnig her slender form. - :-//;/ >' /,'''( Do you hear :me ? " thundered the angry- old man! . ;' "I-liear you l" : ' "A girl that's so indeperident about .who she'll ...marry and, who. she won't marry ought to be able to earn her o wn livin', and riot eiit the bread of de pendence with such a good appetite;" sneered Robert./ '? It's your mother's rebellious temper over again ) . but I'll break, your will, or - I'll know the 'reason . why. ' Now, go about your business, and don't- stand' . storin-' there as if the -whole world- must come, to/a standstill because you can't liave your owri way !'" ; " Fatlier," faltered Mrs. . Garoy, as Gertrude threw a shawl; round lier shoulders, and went out towa'rds the orchard, " I'm afoared .you're too sharp with her ! " "It's, time somobody was sharp, ' said tho stern old man, bending. his brows until they formed a grizzled lino" across the upper part of liis face. " If she don't know what's good for; her, .she.- mutt be told ! "- ... ". -"Mrs. Carey: knew hor helpmate too well to' venture any further remon strances j , she only sighed arid was silorit, inwardiy, hoping that Gertrude would cbnserit to be converted to the coiinnon-sense- viow of the question. " I 'most wish," she thought to her-- self, with a .vague, uncertain glimmer- ing of. the real' state of matters, " that that Mi. Galbraith hndri't como along liere just now, of all times in the world. .He don't menu any harm, of course, but he is, so .different froui Wallace Macdonald and the young men round here! Though, to be sure, | Gertrude knows She couldn't expect to marry such a fellow as; that, with city airs and .high-flown notions. (. . -'And Mrs. ; Garey shed- a few quiet tears as she thought of poor Agues arid 23 years ago. ' : There'don't seem to be no end o' trouble in this world)" sighed the far mer's wife. Gertrude had kept, straight on. her way through the frosty riutuirin, sun shine, past the well-kerb, through the orchard of gnarled /apple trees,/ all bending one way,- as if , they had been blown slanting by. some savage north easter years ago, and never recovered the line of the perpendicular again. Beyond this orchard; lay; a. slope of liieadow grass, called the grass pasture, which led clown-to the fringe.of 'woods, through which a clear, shallow stream gurgled over stones and moss; making a/musicul' drip and tinkle on its way.- : Gm-trude Ashby did not know-where she was going ; she had no settled purpose in her mind as she went, save the one idea of escaping from her 'graridfttther's stem voice ; and ' un palatable threats. She walked hur riedly on, breathing short and fast, until the shining barrier of tlie brook let threw its silver ribbori -across her path, and she paused on the very edge of the water. A lriossy boulcler, half hidden by the brown leaves which had nestled down around it, offered an inviting soiit, and Gertrude sank clown -upon its velv.et-lichened surface, burying her face in her hands, with - a passionate burst of tears. Stunned, bewildered, and scarcely as yet able to reason with herself, she felt like tlie sailor .whose rudderless barque drifts at the will of the tempest on an unknown sea. . She claied not "risk hei> self whither she should turn, or what alio should do— for that her grand father would most assuredly carry, liis threat into execution, if its conditions were nob. fulfi.ljd, she did not for a moruent.doubt — -and she. felt at that instant that' she would sooner tlirdw liersblf from the steepest cliff along the shore into the waters of the canal than become, the wife of Wallace Mac donald. As she sat there, bowed clown and motionless,' save for the convulsive sobs -which now and then shook her slight 'frame, there was a sudden rustling among the dense bushes be: hind lier, ancl something cold arid moist was abruptly thrust into lier half-closed piilm. It/was Fido, Mr. Galbraith's beautir ful setter dog, who had, invaded the sacred ness of her solitary grief, ;, arid now stood there, wagging his tail'with big, human-like eyes looking 'up into her own. -, ;/ . -, . \- " Fido; — poor Fido," she murmured, as she ; let her burning forehead fall against the c'reaturo's silky soft heck, unconsciously grateful for . even the iriute unquestioning sympathy of a clog. Ancl then suddenly recollecting that the brute's /master; could not be far off, she started to her feet with tho wild impulse of flight from aught like human presence//. But she was too late. As she turned to retrace her footsteps, 'she found her self standing face to face with Victor Galbraith .himself, whose picturesque siiooting costume and face Hushed with the bracing air of the woods made him handsomer, than ever. "Ha," he cried, gayly, "so I have surprised you, my little nymph of the brookside I . And- — but as he saw her .face his' whole tone ' and mein J changed. / ,'' Gertrude, what is the iriritter? ' You' have, been crying." I //'She averted heri countenance and I tried to slip past liiiri, but, lie threw clown his gun aricl caught both her liands. ///'/ i v "No, you shall not escape from mo thus.. -. Gertrude, ' my little grieved, trembling bird,, will you not confide iri uie ? ) - What has happened to, trouble you ?" » \- : - " Nothing-/nothing, Mr. Galbraith) that 'you can help me in;" answered Gertrude, lifting hor drenched blue oyos in . sheer .desperation, as she struggled vainly to - throw off his lirin, though gentlo grasp. . "Please— please lob mo go." . : ; . " Not until you have told me every word/ of what grieves you," Victor answorcd, seating her once again on the mossy boulder by the side of the stream, and - standing over - her like a sontinol. "Now then, liere I am, your father confessor for tlie time being. Gertrude," changing his voice to the softest sympathetic accents, " you will , riot refuse mo your confi dence/ Why are you so distressed ?" '"Because," Gertrude answered, making no - motion to re-knot the masses of golden hair which had fallen like webs of glittering sunshine over her shoulders " because I am' a home less beggar, Mr. Galbraith. I think I have sufficiently satisfied your curiosity now.''-- "Homeless," he echoed, "and a beggar, Gertrude, I don't comprehend you. How muffled your voice sounds, and. how strangely your eyes shine." . And -for a moment a racking doubt crossed Victor Galbraith's mind as to whether tlie beautiful creature before him was perfectly sane in her mind. ' "J forgot," Gertrude added, in the same bitter, mocking, tones, to add that there is one alternative left to mo ere my grandfather turns me out of doors." . "And that, Gertrude, is — . f To : become the wife of Wallace Macdonald at Ohristmas." Victor' uttered a half- stifled ejacula tion concerning 'Wallace Macdonald, which might have been interpreted as not . particularly favorable to that gentleman's future. "You! To marry that clumsy; soulless brute." "Even so," she answered, wearily, he head drooping iri her hand, ancl her eyes fixed intently on' a dead leaf whirling round in ; tlie fantastic eddies of tlie : little stream. Yes/it. was no unfit, emblehi -of her own/life, swayed tho tide of evil fate! iWJiat would become of it ? And n shudder thrilled her__ through ancl through as - it shot ' away .down-/ the swiib current of the brook and vanished. " But; Gertrude," cried Victor/over whelmed as it were with the idea, fit must Hot.be! You do not love him j'! /, ;/ ... " No, I do not love hiin." " Arid, by rill the fates," persisted Gftlbraith, growing riioro ancl more earnest, a3 his eyes drank in .'the ex quisite loveliness of the face arid figure before him, "it shall not be.. Who is he to wear such a royal rose upon his breast— to call himself your lord ancl husband? Gertrude, it is riothing loss than sacrileges ! He does .'not love you —lie does not even know the meaning of the Word love !" . / The slow tears sparkled/into Geri- trude's eyes, the full scarlet uricler-lip, that was -like a cleft, full-ripe cherry, quivered. 'V ; " - ' _ " I would rather die than mrirry Iiiin 1" she. shuddered) as. if .. speaking more to herself "than to the niari at lier side. . /.' './.:/:-V- /./'/, ';/- / ;-;./ " Then, by tho ghost of all my. fore fathers, -yon shall not !'\ exclaimed Galbraith; carried away by tlie enthuZ siasrii'of the. moment; and forgetful of all- save the ehivrilrous iriip'ulsp to coiup to the rescue of this beleaguered daiiisel of irioc'.efii tiines. / " Tlie woiriari I love shall never be insulted by the toiicli-. of yonder, country lout's horny hand. Gertrude) my dewy-eyed darling) will you givq -yoursel f to me '(" Mr., Galbraith !" ' " Nay; darling, the apellation sounds too formal. I ani Mr. . Galbraith no longer— you must learn to call me . Victor. / 1 Yes, ' Gertrude, you have somehow/ stolen my heart away, and 'now you must give me back yours in exchange. Look up, dear one — nay, don't tremble so -j give me one- glance from those blue eyes, that are like the sunny heaven,, rind tell me that I have read your face aright. You are not angry with me for my presumption ?" He resolutely turned her flushed, tear-wet face towards his, kissing open the down-drooping eyelids with tender imperipusness. " Oh, Victor," she muttered, the sapphire : eyes swimming with mystic liquid lights, "l am so happy He drew her close to him, and stroked' back the . golden unbound hair with a sweet, overmastering sense of possession. 7 " You lovo mo, Gertrude?" . " 1" love you, Victor !'' "And you cfon't feel quito like a beggar, you bewitching, little trage dienne 1" " Oh, Victor, no queen was ever half so rich as I am l" And they stood there in the balmy glow of the sunshine, with the brook murmuring by, ancl Fido sagely nosing among the dead leaves at. their feet, silent and half-startled, like two children on the threshold of a new and unknown world. (to be continued.) 