0 Parson, Spare that Pipe, j " Ou the motion of the Revd. Oscar E. Hill smoking is to he strictly prohibited for the future in the Cairns District Hospital, unless votaries of the weed (please note we hnve copyrighted this expression), confine their operations to the vicinity of the Kanaka Ward, which place apparently stands in need of a little furn tuition." Naturally such a suggestion conics with a very bail grace from a minister of religion, but. as the Revd. Oscar says, the patients in thc Hospital should behave as gentlemen, am! -if they ex- pectorate all over thc floor as they do at present, they certainly cannot " espect-to-rate '" as such. From that cabined, cribbed and confined little view ot things, called the "World's, it may perhaps dawn on one that a parson is about the last person in the universe to be entrusted with matters requiring a little sprinkling of the milk of human kindness, and a little knowledge of human nature, "What, for instance, can a gentleman of that institution, known as the Church of England, know of the wants; tastes, antipaihies, «¡fcc- of an old Queensland selector, bushmen, et hoc genus omiten: A pipe to such as these, when Jai'l on their backs with sickness, pain or accident, may be of more moment than a first rate feed, a skillful of physic, or even a deep consideration of the tests, tracts, or goody-goody books left by the pious visitor. And it is not for thc parson to iudgc of thc mysteries hidden behind the bowl of many a pipe : unless, indeed, the clergy- man happens to bc an individual of wide human sympathy, and more fre- quently than otherwise, he is not. "What a dreamland is oftentimes evoked by the thin clouds of blue smoke as they slowly rise from the old wooden pipe of the weary swagsman, of the employed and of the unemployed ; and last but not least, those whom sickness or acci- dent have driven to the shelter of a hospital. "What other crucible is there available for such as these from which to evolve memories of a half forgotten youth, dead kin- dred, vanished hopes, and lost loves. Because a man wears moleskin trousers and a flannel shirt, and a hat chris- tened with the ruin of many summers, it is not safe to arrive at the conclu- sion, in Queensland at all events, that the anparently disreputable looking individual cannot recall a vista of happier years, and of a time when he was dressed in broadcloth and tine linen. He may have graduated in the University of Pleasure, and have taken infinite pains to qualify himself for the Hospital of Pain, aud he may be able to say " The past, hon" mad, and bad, and sad it was. But, oh ! how it was sweet. But what of it all ? "With a pipe for solace, trie «Vrtmir»*« **f tl... .1..^ are mellowed with a roseate glow, and the idea of the lotus-eater is realised in part. But take away the pipe, par- ticularly at such times as the depres- sing hours spent in a Hospital, and the smoker is inevitably doomed to a tor- ture incredible to those who know nothing at all about the matter. "What then? Sad-eyed ghosts, gloomy phan- toms, mocking spirits, and a past with a portal, over which is inscribed the words written over the door of Dante's Inferno. The office harp if you please. 0 parson spare that pipe, Touch not a single stem. And 1 my eyes will wipe, And thank yon humbly then. It was my father's band That placed it in my cot, O parson spare that pipe Thy hand should harm it not. 0 parson spire that pipe It solace brings to me, In its blue spiral curls IVar " other lands " I ser. For then the buried past ¿cross my visions shoot, O parson spare my pipe Jly nineb loved briar root. 0 parson spare my pipe It's branded G.E.M., It's all that I have left, So spare it if you're men. It shows mc all I've lost, And on a bed of pain, 1 dream of vanisbed pasts 1 ne'er shall see again. In lotus-eating lands It sends my soul to roam. And once again dear hands Persuade me I'm at home. 'Tis nothing but a dream With which tobacco's rife, C parson think of this And spare a man his pipe. 