CURRENT NOTES. I;J|r. Dully, the Postmaster-General, rii/ht liiiii! fur power to intercept letters passing TiSlellwunie to Sydney addressed to sweepsin the latter city ? You would think that liejilv df every respectable person to this Jim w..1)1(1 he in the affirmative, but, strange ljl.1t is far otherwise The Argus is the Vmnliiil and shibboleth of respectability, It teplii. 1 .- iu a scoffing negative. "A few |v jn Victoria are unfortunately foolish it" aiMtess letters which contain postoli't-* or notes to Tattersall's, Sydney, lifptii'puse of buying a chance in a sweep, It Dully, alarmed at. this example of their luiiy. proposes that their communications I'lk' suddenly stopped." We should lllouglit— indeed, we are pretty sure—that lleatric.il manager in this city would he |®sl(i(l to have the " few people " referred lit" house " all the year round. I' » * <• Ikte presume, the Argus in making this pst is only jesting, in the light and IS way for which it is famous as far as |olite.s. At least, we take it that the sentences are meant to be airily -"Let this change once be made and Imlaiipy minority of Victorians will, we 1st, lie coerced into the paths of antilib? virtue by the vigilance of the Post •(spies. Then the weak in Melbourne will pi lie tempted by the wicked in Sydney, • . . the pounds which were sent to ?intlie hope that they will be returned Ink hundredfold or a thousandfold will lie Itak from the Post Oflice unused ; and J&c; bitk-r raillery of what follows) they [Kilile to spend the money luxuriously in [Intel that the Licensing Court has |*talto he good enough to exist, or at the pi low rate • if prices they may invest it in J?sharesand waitformarket complications." tjindiiu doubt it is a very fine gift to be able [fciu iliis sneering vein, but, on the other Ifepmiiiii ,,r pounds may return just in l&ctihlile; vim limn to pay his rent, or his •®ihuy f,,(.J for herself and her children — relieve it i; pretty well-known' that the l^'i BHubU-s on sweeps doesn't always "'fd.vnlRt he can spare. And then there ^K'Jliosud " Returned as Forwarded'' IMiit rauipensation, which, although IWi i,ii imagination, is none the I? 1 ®' mi i hut account. It consists r Opportunity that it will give to the iiad hi* pound returned to talk plteses—of course, he will always I " 1 ; 11 if the money had been allowed to *' <"»ti»st ion he would have drawn the W Why !" he will be able to ' in Imiid, in the bar of " some hotel Licensing Court has warranted to be IJwgh to oxist "—" I reckon tbat if I lost ' year 1 lost seven thousand pounds, IfMit three times that I drew the FlArnl nil through that cussed Postl^wiera].'' Which should be a groat )il , iy wan, and worth far more to him pr uiuney he might win, because the cl lie Mint, as we all know, takes 1 "wlf and flies, but the coinage of the I lever wholly run out, as «e can com it 0re i ' again as often as required. The Daily Telegraph replied to the Argus ;ii(d pointed out, very pertinently wo think, that if Mr. Duffy had a right to detain certain letters addressed to persons within the colony (meaning sweep-promoters, of course), irrespective of where these letters came from, it would be anomalous if lie were not allowed to detain letters addressed to similar persons in another colony. We think so, too—and irrespective of whether the sweep-promoter should be considered as harmless and necessary or as a thinly disguised brigand—we think also that if Parliament, Press and Public were almost unanimous in regarding his suppression in Victoria as a right and proper action, it is the logic of absurdity to allow him to deal with his Victorian customers from across the border. Besides—is this a protectionist country or is it not '( And furl- hor—are we to sit calmly by and watch all this money going out of the country, never to return, every year '? It would be much better to recall the sweep promoter to Victoria. Then, at least, some of the money he takes out of the pockets of the public would find its way back again, although probably not into thesame pockets. It is stated that there lias been a falling-off this year in the Hospital Sunday receipts of £1000. It is not pleasant news, this, though the bad times we have been, and are still, passing through may account for the deficiency. We think judgment on the matter, especially when it takes the form of censure of churchgoers, should be suspended until after we hear whether there has been a corresponding decrease in the gate-money taken on the Derby and Cup Days. Of course, if the Bookmakers and Sweep Promoters could be induced to give an account of the amount of business done by them this time it would be all the better, as we should have more materials to work with. We suppose, however, that it is too much to expect of these gentlemen, even in the cause of charity. But setting them and their Books aside, we think it will look none too creditable to the churchgoers in question if it he found that the gate-money taken during the Races this year equals the sum taken last year. It may be said that churchgoers, generally speaking, don't go to the races. To this remark two answers may be made, the first being that ancient gibe (expressive of scornful disbelief), "Tell that to the Marines,' tlie second being to the effect that if they don't go to the Races and don't make bets with bookmakers, and don't have "something on " in sweeps, then they ought to be able to spend all the nioii: in charity. Otherwise—what <l» they do with their money? We would lil;e to recc-ive a straight answer to this query from some reliable elder or respectable churchwarden. And, while we are on the subject of the Hospital Sunday collections, it might he well to draw attention to a novel plan (which lias been hit upon by some obscure genius—most probably an insurance canvasser) fur extinguishing a church or hospital debt. It is thus described in an exchange:—"The church or hospital committee—as the case may lie—divide the total debt among themselves, and each man insures his life for the amount that, falls to his share. The policies are transferred to the church, or hospital, and the annual payments on them are made out of the collections. Then, of course, as the members of the committee "drop off," the sums iusured on their lives drop in to the funds of the church or hospital, and, later on. when the only survivor dies, the last instalment of the church or hospital debt, is paid oil'. Ingenious, isn't it? Hut isn't it also a trille too suggestive of hideous possibilities Human nature is human nature under a churchman's gown as much as under the frock-coat of the siuFul layman. And we have all read of what terrible things have been done in past times, in all good faith, for the interests of the church. We have (let us hope) advanced beyond the doctrines that were held right and virtuous in those days, but still it may be doubted whether the" member of a church committee who had caught influenza, say, and was prayed for iu the church he (literally) belonged to, would in his heart believe in the absolute sincerity of the prayers or would not rather, iu the dark imaginings tbat come to a sick bed, fancy that, while spoken straightforwardly by the lips, they were uttered backwards, like witches'spells, in the mind. And as for the insured member of a hospital committee in a similar predicament, we can hardly think of him going to Ihit particular hospital to get cured. It must be rather a line thing to be a youngster in these times—and in this country. The Boy here is not only allowed but encouraged to mingle in the conversation of his elders, aud to give his perky little opinion on any subject that turns up in the course of conversation, the consequence of which is that he, at a time when his small soul ought to be absorbed iu kites, or marbles, or tops, contradicts his male parent on a question of the pedigree and performances of a racehorse with the greatest sang froid, ;ind as for his mother—well, the Old Woman meaun well, and is very good in her way, but, of course, she can't be expected to know much about the things that are interesting to Men. In the poor old Mother Country, which (in a similar fashion) we are given to patronise now and then, things are consideraby different. There a boy is a boy while he is a boy—aud that is for quite a while after the youths of this country have developed into men — and only gives his opinion upon any topic when he is asked for it, and would as soon think of joining uninvited in the conversation of grown-up people and contradicting them as the present writer would of walking into the Legislative Council and haling the Senators around the Chamber by their revered boards. It he (the Boy) did he would be gently, Out tirmly. told by his Father to leave the room, which he would do without waiting for anything more, knowing that he would hear further on the matter iu due course. But the Boy was a hardy boy for all that, and laughed at fatigue. He could go three miles to school in the morning, and play follow-iny-leader over hedges and ditches oil the way—if he were a country boy—to make up for another three miles as far as exercise goes, sport iu flic playground in the middle of the day like a young wild animal, and go home in the afternoon fresher than ever. Kven the little things of live and six years old. though they couldn't indulge in nil tlu.se ant ics, could go the same distance in their jog trot fashion without being a bit more tired than did them good. At- the same time, as we said before, the vdd Country l'oy had not the privileges of the Australian Boy. Tlie former had to mill; to school—a thing he didn't mind at. all, as \vc have ^liown - though, no doubt', he would have liked to go there in a liery chariot or a balloon now and then by way of variety. No kindly Minister of Education that, he knew of ever framed a scheme "by which children living more than three miles from a school will be carried free from their homes to the school" in comfortable vehicles so as to escape the severity of the weather, neither did his parents receive (id. per day for eaji day that he attended school. Hardly. It was left to the humane and enlightened Sir Frederick Sargood to evolve such a gentle and tender-hearted plan. How the bush children (and parents) will bless his name '. And we can see that there is a good deal of sense in the idea after all when we come to think that the climate in this country is so much more trying in summer to children than that in Great Britain. Vet, oil the other hand, the Young Australian should be pretty well acclimatised by now. An English paper, referring to the rumour that Sir .Samuel Wilson is about to be raised to tlie ranks of the English aristocracy, says, incidentally, that Sir w illiam Clarke is the only Australian whose name at present appeals in "Burke." This is indeed extraordinary—wo mean that the name of .Sir Samuel Wilson has not yet been included in the pages of "Burke." A nd yet not so extraordinary when you come to think of it. Sir Samuel's descent has been traced from Alfred the Great, and we all know what that means. We know that it means that the Normans have been jealous of the old Saxon aristocracy ever since the time of the baseborn William, who came out of Normandy with his scaumag host, and took away all the fair earldoms and kingdoms and bishoprics, and so forth, which had belonged to the Wilsons from time immemorial. So that, after all, it is only fair to give them back their titles now at any rate. We expect to hear before long that Sir Samuel is ahout to enter an action for recovery of unpaid increments, also back debts incurred during the time ensuing between the reign of his ancestor (Alfred the (5real) and himself. He needn't have cone to so much trouble if he had only known the ropes. W e know an Estate Agent, — but no matter, the same agent (this in a hollow undertone) used to sell allotments during the land boom, who would have been only too glad to have disposed of the shadows of the same estates—we mean the estates forfeited at the coming of that pm-miu, the Conqueror, of course. So that, after all, everything comes down to this one solid—or let us rather say, liquid—fact that nobody has any sympathy with anybody else, unless the Other or the .Anybody Else has got some money ! Therefore, we all have sympathy with Sir Samuel Wilson. We have frequently referred in these columns to the grotesque ideas entertained by leading English statesmen and public men as to what will please the inhabitants of "Greater Britain," and make them cling closer to the skirts of the Mother Country. These ideas are all based on the assumption that we are still children to be propitiated with toys like other children. The following cablegram, which appeared in Monday's papers, will show what we mean :— " LONDON, Oct. -23. " A proposal was recently put forward that periodical gatherings should bo held, at which there should be contests in athletics, intellectual pursuits and other departments, to be open to all the branches of the British people. "The suggestion was supported by Mr. Froude, and it has excited the sympathy of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. Some lending colonists arc also in favour of the proposal. "It is possible that tlie scheme will he worked in conjunction with the Imperial Institute." There could be nothing more apin-ojjriate than that such a scheme should he worked out in connection with the Imperial Institute—:i body which has since its inception distinguished itself in the department of solemn burlesque more than auy company of comedians ever brought together. * * * * Let ii.t have the courage of being inconsistent —and even suddenly inconsistent if wo please. We bewail to write about, ihe scheme with the deliberate intention of scoliinji and jeering at it, and. Io : nil in a moment its eminent sense flashes upon us, and from the present sentence until the end of our remarks on the subject all we shall have to say will be in its praise—that is, of course, presupposing that it will be carried out in the w:;y we are about to suggest. The contests, then, at the periodical gatherings proposed would, in the matter of athletics, for instance, have to be Catholic in their scope, in order to give the colonies ail opportunity to show their proficiency all round in thisdepartment, and in tiie department of intellectual pursuits should not conline the intending competitors to what are considered intellectual pursuits in England. For we view those things very differently out here, you know. Now. from the Australian standpoint, no person of any sense would hesitate for a moment about admitting that Bookmaking is an intellectual pursuit. Indeed, if the value of a profession may be calculated (as ic generally is in these times) on what is made out of it, the professors of Book Learning will have to sit at the humble end of the table while the Professors of Book-Making take their places at the top, calmly, but not proudly conscious of their superiority. So that we take it for granted some such prospectus as the following will be sent out, if the proposal is carried :— IMPERIAL INSTITUTE, LONDON. The Managing Directors of the above Institute having perceived with sorrow for some time past that their well-meant efforts to cater for the tastes of the colonies have been received with apathy and sometimes with derision—nay, more, that the very existence of the Institute itself has not infrequently been made a subject for profane jest—have decided to alter their previous views and re-cast their opinions so as to be able to put forward a programme which, it is hoped, will be found more in accordance with the requirements of colonists. Having this purpose in mind, they have cast their eyes around for novelties, with the result that their programme for the coining year will open with the following IMMENSE ATTRACTION :— OHANH Burrisn AMI COLONIAL CONTEST. <•Ipen to all British subjects, with the exception of Chinamen, and Assyrian hawkers—this qualification would be a sine qua »ion if the Colonies were to be lured to take part in the contest. ATHLETK' DHL'AHTMBNT. Proceedings to begin with a cricket match between an All- Australian and an All-England eleven. Umpires : Max Miller, Esq., the eminent philolopist, and Professor Pearson (of Australia). Followed by (next day or the day after, as the case may be) a football match between a picked twenty from Great Britain and the Essendon Football Club. Umpires: Hubert Spencer, Esq., Frederic Harrison, Esq., and Dean Macartney (of Australia). After these two great matches the following events will come off : — Billiards. Judge : Archbishop of Canterbury. Sculling match. Judge: Professor Smith, phrenologist. Prize fight (Queensberry rules). Judge: Lord Chief-Justiee Coleridge. Foot race. Judge : Lord Tennyson. Cock light. Judge : General Booth. Some other minor events will be added to the foregoing, but need not he mentioned now. INTELLECTUAL DEI'AltTMUJiT. Bookmaking (by lightning calculation).— Judge. J. A. Froude, Esq. Card-playing (Poker, Chicken Hazard, Arc.). Judge : Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. Baccarat. Judge : H.H.B. the P. of W. Classics, Mathematics, History, Polite Literature, &c.; Judge: Mr. Joseph Thompson (late of Australia). Science and Art. Judge : P. Slavin, Esq. (also late of Australia). N.B,—Gate money to be divided eijually between the Umpires and Judges and the Imperial Institute. * # # * Now we fancy that if the venture were conducted on the lines suggested above it would not only add new lustre and dignity to the British name, and draw tighter the sillien bonds which bind us to the Grand Old Mother Country, but would )»'y—and what nobler compliment am be paid to anything in this age ? We might also add that it would probably strike terror to the hearts of Britain's foes—the Bookmaking and Card-playing part of the Exhibition especially. It will be a thousand pities if the Imperial Institute spoils this great—this epochmaking—idea by mismanagement. If only liarnum were alive and could be induced to manage it, what an awe-striking affair it would be! Two Router's cablegrams arrived simultaneously on Monday iast. One was to the effect that the A untat}hui champagne prepared by 31. Fourier will never equal the French product; the otherintimatedthattwo hogsheads ofbeershipped by Messrs. HI 'Cracken and Co. to the Brewers' Exhibition bail arrived, and on being tested proved to have stood the voyage well, "being excellent both in condition and flavour." This is news which might be called both grave and gay—like soda and champagne, so to speak. But on the whole the gaiety prevails. It would, no doubt, be a fine thing for Victoria to be a jmys du l'in, where the artistic eye would be gladdened by the sight of — " Maidens dancing on the grapes, Their milk-white ankles splashed with red." But, after all, we are, taking us in bulk, a Teutonic race, and can't Latinise ourselves even for the sake of art and the beautiful. And being a Teutonic race, ale is our natural drink. So that it is no wonder that when our champagne tails our beer succeeds. Yet we know a wine which if once put oil the European market would send entire continents on one colossal spree. Bishops would drink it out of their mitres, and Kings would drink it out of their crowns. Armies would lay down their arms once they had tasted it and—supposing that it could be supplied in sufficient quantity—refuse to tight any more for Emperor or Czar. And in the course of one short week the Continent of Europe would look like one great battlefield, on which the corpses snored. Let us wind up with a few stanzas — or, perhaps, under the circumstances, it would be more appropriate to call them staves :— There's a wine—a wine terrific, Grown up Wuiighiiu way— Whoso drinks must lie down, and Clutch the earth, and pray. If by day he drinks the sun will Dance a devil's dance In the sky: the earth beneath will ALso rise and prance. If by night the moon will wildly Shed her icy gleams, And the stars—two million billions— Prod him with their beams. Yes, if if a mighty wine that- Only Wunglinu men can stand, If 'twere shipped that ship would never, Never reach the land, For the fumes would kill the sailors, And the ship would go—wine-hurled— Hiccoughing through all her funnels Heeling round the world. WHO will cut for us this distressing cable ? Always—almost always—it lies. There is not (excuse the poetry, which, perhaps, you will, as it is not exactly our own) in this wide world a valley so fair but the cable liar may be slumbering there. He says, for instance, that— "There are severe frosts as well as famine in Russia. Tiiere are twenty millions of people said to be without proper food." t)n the same day and date he says :— " All the naval ship yards in Russia are being converted into State property, in order to admit of rapidly strengthening the navy." And all this in a civilised century, if not in a civilised land'. "We are starving," say the Moujiks. "Starve and be ," replies the Bureaucracy. " But we are dying !" cry the Moujiks. "Die, and be d—d, as long as you don't trouble ," says the Bureaucracy. Ajid they die in due course by the truck- load—by the thousand. We have worked ourselves up to the point of expressing our feelings—feelings are things which we abhor, because, with us, they are always associated with feeling ill—but we really don't care anything about the Moujiks. Our trouble is about the man who sends us all that harrowing news. We would particularly like to know liow lie mixes liis drinks, and also the name of the doctor who confesses liini after he has sent each cable. TALKING about injuries to the head a medical journal says;—"An individual of normal intelligence was found to have half liis brain replaced by fluid." Query.—Whiskey or beer ? THE strongest spirit of the age is undoubtedly— whatever the Victorian Alliance Party may say— alcohol. A syndicate of bankers has been formed, we read, with a capital of •£.">,000,000 for the purpose of purchasing the Chartreuse Monastery with the secret of the manufacture of the Chartreuse Liqueur. Now if the Monks had ofi'ered and could—even to the satisfaction of Professor Huxley and Mr. Hubert Spencer—prove that they had the secret of opening the Gates of Heaven does any thoughtful man consider that they would be able to raise five millions on it ? WALTER GIBAUD was found by a constable in Lonsdale-street the other evening firing a revolver at the chimneys, and the stars, and the red and blue ghosts flying in the air above his head, also at the green serpents writhing around the verandah posts. When brought before the Magistrate he said that he had bought the revolver intending to use it during his holidays. He had evidently commenced his holidays too soon. But the astonishing part is to come. We quote from the Herald:—" He was fined 2s. 6d. for carrying firearms without a licence, and 5s. for resisting the constable. Sub-Inspector O'Callaghan.—' What about the revolver?' Mr. Panton.—'Let him have it; it is not worth confiscating.' " From this perfectly paralysing remark we conclude that Mr. Panton himself is also about to go on his holidays. 