Pedlar's Pack [BY AÜTOLY.CÜS.] THE principal topic of conversation thia week has of course been the new tariff; and no botter exemplification of the selfishness inherent in mankind could be found than the manner in which it has been received by a certain Bection on the Barrier. It h admitted on all hands that i he need of raising money ÍB urgent, and that the Custom-house was the most immediate and effective resort in such an emergency. Since money had to be raised in that way, the Government was perfectly justified in imposing duties of a protective character ; and, considering the heavy imports placed on luxuries, the working man can hardly grumble much at the share whioh he will have to pay. The peculiar position of'the Barrier is unfortunate ; and doubtless the duties on agricultural produce and vegetables will press somewhat, on residents here. But they can hardly expect Pariiament to legislate for one portion of the colony only; and what would the farmers on the Victorian border and the dairymen of Illawarra say if they did notget their share of protection ? The attitude of certain South Australian politicians concerning the tariff is most amusing ; and the idea of interfering to stop New South Wales imposing similar duties to those which South Australia has long been enjoying the benefit of was too absurd to receive serious attention. How- ever, the Barrier can make out a good case why it should receive every considera- tion' possible from Parliament, owing to its isolation from the capital and the want pf a direct; railway. Possibly, nnder the circumstances, some arrangement for a Border convention could be made with South Australia, by which produce, &c;, from that colony would be admitted free of duty to the' Barrier. South Australia ought not to mind paying a little for the privilege which it seems to value so highly ; and those poUticians who are so eager to help us can best do the by giving their assistance in bringing about some- thing of the kind. * * * Mr. Reid's motion of censure on the Government is cunningly framed to catch the labor party ; but. I do'not think it will have the desired effect. The labor members know very well that the defeat of - the Goverment - at the present juncture would, in alli proba- bility, /mean going to the country without one man one vote ; for, though the Electoral Bill haß reached the Upper Chamber, it may be trusted to remain there if a dissolution is at all likely. Perhaps ¿orne pf the harebrained single taxers, who are the chief danger to the party, may insist on their right to vote against protection ; but the majority can, I think, be trusted to 'do their duty. Besides, how can the labor members possibly vote for putting Parkes in power again after his denunciation of them- at Kiama last Friday, when he denied that labor had any right to exist as a party at all ? If Sir Henry Parkes is sincere in the opinion he then. expressed, that the community did wrong in returning men to Parliament to represent a single class only, he stands self-convicted pf an act of gross political immorality in accepting the aid of that party in order to: enjoy the sweets of office a few months lor'ger. Did no "Kiama Ghost" stand beside the old man's chair and hold up a warning finger as he babbled thus at the sycophantic banquet tendered him by the foreign trade party in the little Southern town- ship! Could he nob behold the writing on the wall, which would have told him that the time has gone by when he and those who really represented only one class in the community could have things all their own way 1 But Parkes is too old now to learn anything sew ; and will doubtless remain the same to the end. The labor party, however, has learned its little lesson ; and if it trusts Parkes or any of his party again it will deserve the worst that can befall it. ? * * * The .organisation of female labor in Broken Hill-br, indeed, anywhere elsp -is admittedly a difficult and delicate problem; and, therefore, I am not sur- prised at Mr. Rowe's declaration that, in his opinion, the attempt was a failure, and it would be better to abandon ic. Undoubtedly a certain measure of success has been achieved in Sydney and Mel- bourne ; but this has been done under very different circumstances and by the 'efforts of women who have shown them- selves tobe peculiarly adapted for the work. The great difficulty in the way is, first, the lack of interest shown in the matter by women-workers themselves ; and, secondly, the insuperable objections which one class of female workers has to mix with another. Several months ago I expressed the opinion that the only way or getting over this was to have separate branches . for . each class of female labor, affiliated with each other under one executive ; but, postibly, female labor in this town is hardly in a sufficiently advanced stage for an amalgamation of that kind yet. Perhaps, too, the pressure of competition and low wages have nob yet made them- selves BO severely felt ss to clearly demon- strate the neoessity of the female workers associating for their own protection. Indeed, as I listen to the narratives of the troubles with their servants which many of the. worthy housewives of the town pour into my ears as I go my round, I am oftentimes inclined to think that it is the mistresses, and not the servants, who are in need of an association to pro ceot themselves. But I daresay there are plenty of grievances on both sides. I see that the promoters of the proposed Female Employees' Union are still deter- mined to persevere ; but I have no hope that their efforts will prove of any avail at present. # * * In the male unions there are at present signs of division which may eventually lead te disintegration. We have all beard-of . " The little rift within the kite, Which bj-and-by shall make its music mute " ; and the recent movement' in favor of secession from the A. M. A. on the part of the Smelter branch demonstrates that there is more danger of such a rift in that body than many might have deemed pos- sible. The Â. M. A. is a strong and ex- tensive body ; bat all history demonstrates that it is the strongest and most exten- sive empires which fall to pieces most readily unless the utmost vigor and prudence is exercised for their preser- vation. The most fruitful cause is usually internal dissension, fostered by calumny. The Barrier district of the A. M. A. has suffered considerably from this cause in the past, and the best .men in it have been treated with such ingratitude, and slandered BO shamefully, that it is no wonder that they are chary of coming forward to offer their services again. It was, therefore, with some satisfaction that I noticed that Mr. Sleath had volun- teered at the last meeting of the Broken Hill blanch to "bell the cat" by bringing some of these slanderers to book. I only hope that he will be successful ; and that, if the charge is brought home to any of them, they will be dealt with in sueh an exemplary fashion as will put an end to this canker worm, which is so insidiously eating its way into the heart of unionism. We have heard of being " done to death by slanderous tongues " ; but I fancy the A. M. A. officials are made of sterner stuff, and will not perish in that fashion. * * * The festivities of Christmas are likely to be overshadowed by the commercial criais in Melbourne We thought that the worst was over ; but it seems that there are still heavy arrears from that time of riot and prodigality, known as thu " boom years," to be wiped oat. If we could only be certain that this would bo tho final reckoning, we could faoe the new year with confidence. But it is the dread that "worse remains behind" which paralyses business. Though I can boast with Dogberry ' that I am "a follow that bath bad loues," still I ara one of those fortunate individuals who can look at the rise and fall of share markets and the collapse of banks and financial institutions wich equanmity, for th very simple reason that it will not affect me one way or the other. But, notwithstanding this, my philosophic spirit refuses to regard anything apper- taining to humanity as alion to me ; and hence I feel as much concern for the sake of the town, at the present state of the share market as if I were a large holder of the principal stocks. I am as confident ns anyone can be that the mines are all right, and that prices will again advance in due season ; but it may take a long time yet. I can only advise my friends to possess their souls in patience and wait quietly ; for all things come to those who know how to wait. It is a hard lesson, but one which we all have to learn. 