CH EC K MAT E ,;Ib on, A Dccp-Laid Plot. s ov By CAPTAIN W. D. L'ESTRANGE. fa The world has gone wrong with me lately. I so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a -yuono , manl about town, a menmberof two West end clubs, and of expensive-if .not extravagant pr tastes, had quarrelled with mly ulcle--tthO if only living relative I had, excepting a half- do cousin-from whom hitherto I had received tit a handsome naarterly allowance, and, as tile ate phrase goes, lad " gre'at exip:ctatioons." But this was not the worst cf it. I was eh desperately in love with a very pretty girl, o ill and though no actual engagement existed ce between us, I had fondly believed that 1 re, was acceptable not only to the young lady in question, but to her parents. Now, how- ts ever, to add to my chaerin at tintiiog myself 0 comparatively witbout ilt:ans, I fancict rightly or swrongly, that I was rtceiving oh the "cold shoulder " from t.e father and as mother of my adorable MaIel. kr To live and clothe myse:lf decent!y, pay to the somewhat Iheavy sub,cripltiot to y?' t\o s1 clubst and kiecp ult the afore:nentionied rather expensive tastes, I tad just lwo hundred pounds a year-the tental of a small lancld t property bIcquecatled to tile by lm l ate 1" f,.ther. MIy dlte:s, to be sire, were n?ither bir overwhelming nor parrticularly preot in,. A "f couple of hunolred or so wouldi ray tlem ; to bpt tloiep, grin, that cuple of huntlrced was fo twelrvenonthls' incoc. at This unlc!e of oltine, nlvy dead father's tll elder brother, frornl hont my chief souoce i' of incolne had been delrivot, woos a county r' squire, with a big rent-roll, jorial :rod o tih pIitable as a rule. but ecc -ntric to a degree. fr Thle mischiof botweoen tsi hard ome aoboult as o t lnexplccted as it Ha:s suidOcn. I Iad Cbeet ale callsed of that of which I was as innocent as to a nbaie, and in Ihtly repudiating the charge hadl given dire ofotte. However, alt'oueooh cc partinlg in anger, it was not okItlil myln Ille- ti tary allowance swas sltoppedl that I realised, s't the bitterness of the luarro 1. John Mortimer, ly half-cnsin, wans a young fellowabout t a Year or twt o my junior: t but somuehow, allItholgh sot ner of aun o1, t s tos well as bring relntivcs, and fr. t t:ently nlel- I ing, we had never tohken kindly to e:Ch other. And now I shrewdly su.I celo d that whatever of mischief htad stepp d betwcen ki ny uncle alld te hlad been W\rougllht iby t Master Jack 3[ortimer. and that it shouhl not be omy fault if hu were not bronght to sa book. However, aftere whalnt I have written, and le mnlch more, having lben the subjects of my t ' thoughts for somie days, I determined to eo make a last effort to set matters right with Il lily uncle. I hal ? beent accused ,of gambling llt -of having lost upwards of live hundred in pounds at cards at one sitting--vwhich wa n utterly false for whatevermyr l filins, the curse of gambling could not be reel:oned a monols I them. Ji One spring morning, alilter a night journey of a couple tof hundrld miles from ' town, fountl me at the ne:stest railway to station to ll Inole' Ianr.with no luggage ibeyond a so:call travelling lot and a roug. t The little mIarket town wh te I aill-ted wlas I but tive nilt s fromr the Hall '00nd breakfast- bi ing at the one decent hoitel in the pIlace, I electe d to walk the distantce, l]aving my en- al cotllllbra: nces ill chargel: i o f thie lanI laliy, to ti whlooi I was well k0low0. Ont the way, and i spec:ily when I ranied to at the ipalk, the unptlasnot feelin, was tr strong upon [0e that my ouncle mighit d,:ecing, to grant ote- the inlterview whticht I Otto:w so0ugh0t. Litke the eterlrahl:ty of lhot-tem pered preopl:, his tpasicn was sril oiver; and sa yet, when oisposed, Ihe couhl te as ,bstilate P as most l2oen, o ts Iris loltlber mlangistrates hIld proved n lltmany loeeo.s'or:s. BUt to mly i sarecsnilc sUlprisI It was toll, after mly tar tital h lol tbeent anonlotU d by one tof the old t srvanls-a :.tranll sx li Ot!,tre to n.c0 thet a to L-ave Ito Stld ill tov Linlt:-ttt ' tithe -tliri " would cie to ame ioe tohe librlry ;at ý sri. lao \Vh:I:lver feelintg, of hope luiclhthave been st ill my !o1 t 7 1 to r" r eoucilia:itot b, twn en o's s ddilo ly left it :ts lily Utltiot elntered, lhis hand4,n? and uslually kindly oli face was t? dark with dispt ausore, alnd there o arsta clt, h t 1contemptuous ; 0n0cc ill Ios bi:o eyes :sr t1 tl'hy mooo-t mine which IlattI never seem be. to fore. . e "llave yo no sense of shame lef:. Gerl:dl 3tiorttor," the said in a hard voicet, after hie i hat closed tie dor behinti hiot, " that you it iave tle effrontory to co0me to this lhouse ?- S yout,. who havt dis?l acelt tilhe n0m0e .ito lar oI' -disgraced the 'ntttiry of your ealltnt t 11 falther. who died for his ctnttty --anttd have o,.onotiteod - a vullgar crime against society I and Umc?" Sto:ul to understand you, sir," I r j.,in ,,! utlclv tllly s tolnded ao hites wItorld. IIf ou I are alluding to tothe aiet at ation you fimd t' :ovaiust 0i0e ?s, too o:unblitg. I rtpudiate it b now as I did before. In fact I atu htere to. tl dclay to try- " t " Phaw !" he interrupted . loncst tmen it have ogambledo; and ill time I mighlt alo - forgiven it, if you hald stoppeld at that, ani shown yolr reI'tgIt for what hatd passed. a 1,,t you-you, a Mortimer-to stoop to for. o gary." "It is false," I cried-'" false as the other al charge! And whoever has poisoned your so mind agtainst me. hls in his teeth '' s" "Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood ti to your other ntl seelds," continued the i squire; " fr, unaptpily, I hold tihe proof w that you, my own nepiew, have forged 5 muly name." ti And as di spoke, my uncle took from the a breast pocket of his shooting jacket a letter, ft from which, when unfolded, he produced a o smallerpiece of paper. "Examine that, sir,'" he added, "and let o me hear if you have the effrontery to like. a wise deny your own signature ?" I could scarcely credit ly own eyesiiht c when I looked at what was written within. 1 It was a dishonoredl acceptance for six hundtoed pounds, dorawn a little over tlree I months before upoin tichurd Mortimer, Es quire, and signed Gerald ttortiaoer, anud aplt areontly duly accepteod by my uncle. **Well, sir,":asked be, imopatiently," whato "That l hale' never seen this docuoento teforte too-day," 1 answered. . " \Vit I" he thuuldtered. "o you du are to deny to me yotur0 ow0 signature, which I know ns well ats lo my own ? ' " I olo- deny it !' I added, Fassaonately. " The r signatulo is so good ton ilitation of i mine toot undelr ordin'ar cirocuiIstonces it tmiglht olteceive ercn yslf ; but t swear to 1o ' Wu, sir, tIt J. never tdrewoor aeptedoso a bill SIn t thnlio that oy uncle believed 00e, for 1 the whole exloression of hois face chauged I ebut still, as he took the bill from me, tle i glanced at ittagai tdt agoaiu with a uzzled to 00lok, for,as will presenotly appeari there Woas Ssomoe tonhirmatory evidence tin his oint, in S tladditionl to the llhatdwritiong. Seeing thait heO Stheositated, andl waos nt just tthen disposd to I Sspeak, I added : h Will y ou please to tell net, tir, all thatt \- ohas toranslired. so far as you are aware, in econucctitn with that forged aceeptaoce?" ' ' Yes," e replM-, o , that is onlty fair. As ,I udolerstando, it wits pretnt!edi due courseo e Sto the Lomdon agentIs of oy bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to a pay it. On being communirated with, I Srcopudiated all knowledge of siuch a draft, until, to mny hlorror, I learnooedo that it bore yeyour rignature; wiren, -t save the hotor of sour family, I gave instrttionrstit hould a hle taken p. At tie: 'saloe time I desireo e that inquiries shout l be instituteo; and the | peson in whlose hands it was--a West-enr Io noneytlenderlasserted thot lie diecounte:l the bill for you, oand further, that yoo were \- known to him petsonally. - Here.is his name at the back of cthe bill,and wot t.purporta to ,, be your endloosenient to tim'." - , , It is as fulse as the rest, sir," I- said, a [few moments later, wlen I had takena second glance at the forged hill. "; I know Br. the man by name, but I ktow nothing good se of loim. I hare had no transactions with 05 ho,-in fact, never spoke to loim il my life." ar ,. You declare this upona your honor, Gerald Mortimeri" asked my uncle, after a ispssedo, sir," I added; °oand I am giAng back to L~,ndon at once to face this rascally ei 'money lender." " You will stay here until to-morrow," said llmy ucle, looking at his watch. ' I t want time to think, and :o talk the matter I over ,luit ly.'" "If you oplease, no, sir," I rejoined, deter minedly. "The answering of alt in- a ;famous charge like this admits of no de- v I tay." "But you have been travelling all night, a I expect," added the squirt, "and require ,oe rest, sulrely 1" Tie words were kindly meant and ex- a pressed, but I was resolved to depart, and a after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dogcart to te railway station, being just in Lt titme to call: for my bag and rug, and eitch. t anit up fast train. ti The following morning, shortly before ft eleven o'clock, found me at the office of the w moneytlender wilt had held the forged ac- it ceptance, and who had asserted that lie had r received it from mite. h Much to my chagrin, however, I was told a that he was not in, and would not be at si business until tie morrow. There was but n one solitary clertl in thie ofice, a sharp- eyed f: old man, wreho glaced at me curiously, and, I as it occurred to rue,as though I was not un known to him ; and, moreover, on declining h to give tyv name, I fanciel the ghost of a d smile playe: aiboit his thin lips. a After leavin, thle money-lender's office I -trile:l along Piccadilly to, the park. Being just then inl the height of tile season, and a 1 brilliant tmorning, the liow was pretty full of etrla istrians, mlany of wthoml were known to tme. I had been leaning over the railings f for somie time, ibut happened to turn round at the monm~vtt' a corriage was pasoing along i tihe drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable lMabel and her father, and as I raised miy hat, the fair object of my affee ticns gave me a little bow and a half- i frightened smile; but, to my disgust and anger, tile gentleman vouchsafeld not the siightest acknowledgement to my saluta- h Considering that, if not actually an ac cepted suitor of his daughter, my preten lions haIl not been ignored, and that for two seas ais I had been a welcome visitor to his hioei, this sliglht was, to say the least of it, , offenlsive. IHowever, I was only being taught the dilfference between an heir presumptive to unch weaitih anti a young moan with two hundred pounds a year. The following day I was to have another t ol experience of life, but of a far different t kind. I was to meet with a case of the most unparalleled impunlies and audacity that n surely nmtan ever encournteredl. About the same houlr as on tie previous morning I once more called at the oflice of the money. c lender, hill discounter, or whatever he C might style himself, anti, as though I were expected, was immediately ushered into his t private room, unannounced as to name. He was young, well-dressed, and not bad look inog, and received me with a very cool tit o " Whllen I tell you that I am Mr. Geraldtl Mortirmer," I said, "''yout will guess the ob ject of lmy visit." " There is no occasion to give me your name," wis, the cool rejoinder, "for I have too much cause to rememberit and you. It reats nlr, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how yout have tie assranee to show your face t Ihre again after foisting upon me a forget bill." " You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed, e almost besidte myself with rage, "you know this is tihe first time that ever you spoke to me in your life, and you have the audacity to sit there artr avow that I have had transactions with you I" a SGo oil, my friend," retorted the fellow, with all insolent laugh. a " No," I tided, ' I rhave nothing more to a say to you. The police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. IarIk me, tman, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of tile law. You have forged, or connived at the forgery, of both tmy t crile's signature and nir? n?dl yeo mhall sufrr for it." The rcoundrel laughed defiantly as I walked out of his rooln-a scoltling, tnocking t laugh that I couldl hear until I got into the street. Once clear of his infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place t thl matter in the hands of tile police authorities; and I actually went some dis tancen towards C(haring Cross with that in. a tention in my mind. A little thought, how. ever, iluccd mrte to decide upon taking the t aivict of an o'i friend of mine before doing a anythl.,f further. lle was a man my senior bIy only a year or itwo--for we hatl been school felloe's-but one upon whose goodI offices aIl kn twle:dge of the world I cohld t tho roughly rely. t o.i ria'lchin,. his chailtbrs in tile Albany ii recrived tie kindly. Thlen, when he hadt li nt,:wti to my story, he said : " A rascally businees, Gerald, mty boy,and I t:olstiion if your first ideta of going direct s t"- Scotlandi ard would not have been the - best thing you could have done. IltHwever, t thetrc will he nothine lost by waiting until , to morrowv. Ditle with mr to-night, o witht mle to i tile ,pera, and then you shall have mlly decision before re palt." "'.\rted!" I answ'ered; andt having gone home to dress 1 joined my frien:l later Over dinner ie told me that lie had already comeI to the conclusion that I must see tile police, and it was :arratned that he should accompany tmt' to Scoltlant Yard on the following morning. It was rather late when we got to Covent Garden Theatre, but we were in time for the last two aets of the opera, and stayed out the ballet. On get- I ting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had ie, n a very full house, ant we had to wait for a minute Sor two. At length, as we were making our way t out, somebody pushed against me-rudely, as it seemred-and I turned to see who was thie aressor. To ity astonishment I dis. L covered that the man standing nearest to .me, anrd who must lhave been the ptrssn Swho jostledl me, was thie rascally money Slender with whoom 1 had hai the interview tth-at morrine. He was evidentlyonly wait. ing to see tile people ideplart, for he was not itl evcrnig dress, and as our eyes met there wos an insolent, aggravating sneer on his face. t Possibl the push which the fellow gave me might have been nccidental, but the e sneer and the insolent look were not, and I without a trhought of where I was-that ladies were almost touching me on the other sidle--l struck him. Straight from the f shouler as ever it'went in my life, my t right list caughlt himnt full in thie mouth, and h ie went dtown with a'crash. It was all over Sin a few secrnds. Some people came be tween us, mny friend seized me by the arm, r and presently we were in a handsome cab, ; being driven westward. e "Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking i abunt?" said my companion when he had . got me into tht: cab. "In the names of n peaice and.order, my dear fellow, what had e Ithe iuan done to you that you should knock o Iim down likethat?"' . : - " Dione to me 1" I answered, hotly. " It t was tile fellow we werespeakingof to-day t the r.scally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bill." s "01h, ob 1" ejaculated my friend, laughing se oftly; "I understand it all now. Never. , theless, you would have been a wiser man if Syou hIad kept your hands off him." I" I could not help it," I rejoined. -" He t, pushed against me as we were coming out, e and if yon had seen thesneer that was on his f face, I.fancy you would have done as I did d if you hiad been in my place." it -, Perhaps,','. was theadmission, ".but any. te how we must be before him in the morning, d or we may have:hilmi invoking the aid of a :1 maristrate instead of ourselves." re The cab was pilled tipjust then to tell Ie tle driver to take us to one of the-two clubs to of which I was a member, little thinking at. the momerit of the terrible sight1 of which a my friend and I were shorIy to be witnesses a by goingf'there. In the esmoke room, on our w nrrival;:we found seveall:men, well kiown ii to both of us, and amonest them a Guards. th man in urniform who had been on duty, and ly looked in on his way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the ir, club when one of the waiters rushed into a the smoke room--a pale and affrighted look on his face-with the startling announce ag ment that onen of the nmembeia was iyiog, either dead or dying, on a couch in the card Sprinting to our fet we hurried in abody to the walj."ining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two later met miy eys. Lying on one of the couches. his limbs and fcattires fixed in the Isst terrible con vulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there all was over. Apoplexy some of the men said it was, hut poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body and the inquest had been held. The cause of death, however, 1 guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early bours of the morning, when I re turned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a letter from myunhappy cousin which had arrived during my absence. In it he confessed, out of a spirit of pique and reveng., to having forged my;naime to the bill and our anole's ncceptannde of it.' Hlis accomplice, the money-lender, he further. stated, was to have the proceeds for con niving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the ond to suggest the scheme for.riuining me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval the police had been at work, but their endeavors to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his 'master, so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a: balance of a few pounds, cn the previous afternoon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked himi down at Covent' Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favor and to my old position as to "'expectations" it is scarcely necessary for me to relate; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. 