Review. CARDINAL NEWMAN VIEWED FROM AN ANGLICAN STAND POINT.* m. Mb. Hutton's object, in writing his 'life of Newman was rather to sketch the growth of his opinions than their outcome. The description, therefore, of that part when he was " emancipated and free " is briefly told. In Newman's vocation to become an Oratorian, he became a son of that St. Philip Neri, the genial saint of the sixteenth century, who was called the Apostle of Borne; and he set himself to do in England in the nineteenth century what St. Philip had done in Borne in the sixteenth. The words, in which, later on, he described his adopted father might almost have been taken as a description of himself:—" He was all things to all men. He suited himself to noble and ignoble, yonng and old, Subjects and prelates, learned and ignorant, and received thoBe who were strangers to him with wonderful benignity, and embraced them with as much charity aB if he had been a long while expecting them. He gave the same welcome to all, caressing the poor equally with the rich, and wearing him self to assist all to the utmost of his power." This was the saint he loved and tried to imitate ; this the father of whom he wrote— ThiB is the Baint of gentleness and kindness, Cheerful in penance, and in precept winning, Patiently healing of their pride and blindneu Souls that are sinning. This is the saint who, when the world allures us, Cries her false wares and opes her magic coffers, Points to a better city, and secures us With richer offers. What St. Philip did in Borne it was Newman's aim to do in England. His chief work was to help educated minds which were in religious perplexity; but Mr. Hutton shows that he never in the least neglected the poor, and relates how, when in 1849 cholera broke out at Bilston, Newman was found unceasingly amid the sick and dying. True, the Oratory which he founded at Bir mingham made the work of the slums lesB its special province than did its offshoot in London, but that work was not neglected. Mr. Hutton speaks in admiring terms of "Loss and Gain," the first book Newman wrote after his conversion— that wonderful story of a mind seeking after truth, and finding it in the Catholic Church. Beding, the hero, beam so 3trong a likeness to Newman that, did we not know otherwise, we would be tempted to think that one personified the other, Mr. Hutton selects for consideration several passages which may be taken as keynotes in the work. One is that in which Beding, the hero, sure that there must be some ffnal authority as to what has been revealed, yet not knowing where to find it, discuses as an Anglican the idea of church authority:— " * Wouldn't you be glad,' said he, ' if St. Paul could come to life. I've often said to myself, " Oh! that I could ask St. Paul this or that."' "* But the church iB not St. Paul quite, I guess,' said Sheffield. " * Certainly not; but supposing you did think it had the inspiration of an apostle, as the Boman Catholics do, what a comfort it would be to know beyond all doubt what to believe about God, and how to worship and please Him. I mean you said " I can't believe this or thatnow you ought to have said, "I can't believe the Pope has power tor decide this or that." If he had, you ought to believe it, whatever it is, and not to say " I can't believe."' " Then, again, Mr. Hutton is much struck with the passage which insists on the vast difference between the highest Protestant and Boman Catholic con ception of worship, " the former con sisting in the pouring forth of the human desire for Divine help ; the latter in the Mass, which is * the evocation* rather than the* invocation '* of the eternal, while the worshippers all watch for a great event, indeed for a great advent, waiting, like the Israelites beside the Pool of Bethesda, for ' the moving of the waters.'" * ".Life" of Cardinal Newman," byH.R,; Hutton. Regan Paul & Co., 1891. Newman's next work was the volume of "Sermons addressed to mixed con gregations^' and the author of the work we are considering considers these sermons have a tone and genius of their own. They are full of the enthusiasm of a convert, and he seems to think them the outpourings of that "rejoicing to be free" which filled Newman's soul when first he felt him self "unmuzzled." "In them," he says, "you see the Catholic system taking full hold of Newman, and inspiring him with a sense of its authority and grandeur." Mr. Hutton displays such great skill in selecting passages descriptive of the peculiar excellence of the works he is reviewing that we cannot illustrate it better than by quoting two of the extracts he gives from these sermons. Qne is from that entitled " The Mental Sufferings of our Lord — " It is the long history of a world, and God alone can bear the load of it. Hopes blighted, vows broken, lights quenched, warnings scorned, oppor tunities lost, the innocent betrayed, the young hardened, the penitent relapsing, the just overcome, the aged failing, the sophistry of misbelief, the wilfulness of passion, the obduracy of pride, the tyranny of habit, the canker of remorse, the pining of disappointment, the sick ness of despair; such cruel, such pitiable spectacles, such heartrending, revolting, detestable, maddening scenes; nay, the haggard faces, the convulsed lips, the flushed cheek, the dark brow of the willing victims of rebellion, they are all before Him now, they are upon Him, in Him. They are with Him instead of that ineffable peace which has inhabited His soul since the moment of His conception. They are upon Him. They are all but His own ; He cries to His Father as if He were the criminal, not the victim; His agony takes the form of guilt and compunction. He is doing penance, He is making confession, He is exercising contrition with a reality and a virtue infinitely greater than all saintB and penitents together; for He is the one victim for us all, the sole satisfaction, the real penitent, all but the real sinner." The other passage to which I will refer is that on " The Glories of Mary for the sake of her Son," in which Newman describes the death and assumption of our dear and Blessed Lady " Though she died as well as others, she died not as others die; for through the merits of her Son, by whom she was what she was, by the grace of Christ which in her had anticipated sin, which had filled her with light, which had purified her flesh from all defile ment, she had been saved from disease and malady, and all that weakens and decays the bodily frame. She died, but her death was a mere faot, not an effect; and when it was over it ceased to be. She died that she might live; she died as a matter of form or (as I may call it) a ceremony, in order to fulfil what is called the debt of nature— not primarily for herself, or because of sin, but to submit herself to her condi tion, to glorify God, to do what her Son did; not, however, as her Son and Saviour, with any suffering for any especial end; not with a martyr's death, for her martyrdom had been in living; not as an atonement, for man could not make it-and One had made it, and made it for all—but in order to finish her course and receive her crown, and therefore she died in private. It became Him who died for the world to die in the world's sight; it became the great sacrifice to be lifted up on high as a light that could not be hid. But she, the Lily of Eden, who had always dwelt out of the sight of men, fittingly did she die in the garden's ;shade, and amid the sweet flowers in which she had lived. Her departure made no noise in the world. The Church went about her common duties—preaching, con verting, suffering; there were persecu tions, there was fleeing from place to place, there were martyrs, there were triumphs; at length the rumor spread through Christendom that Mary was no longer upon earth. .... And then the tradition came wafted west ward on the breeze, how that when the time of her dissolution w$s at hand, and her soul was to pass in triumph before the judgment seat of her Son, the Apostles were .suddenly gathered together in one place, even in the Holy City, to hear part in the joyful cere moioial; how that they buried her with fitting ,/iteB; how that the third day 'when they came to the tomb they found it empty, and angelic choirs with their glad voices were singing day and night the glories of their risen Queen. Bat however we feel towards the details of this history (nor is there anything in it which will be unwelcome and difficult to piety), so mach cannot be doubted from the consent of the whole Catholic world, and the revelations made to holy souls that, as is befitting, she is, soul and body, with her Son and God in heaven, and that we are enabled to celebrate not only her death, but her assumption." Mr. Hutton takes exception to " the consent of the whole Catholic world " j being taken by Newman aB a motive of I credibility. He thinks, too, that New- ] man believes the view of the Passion above quoted merely because so the Fathers had analysed it, and so he " ought " to believe it. We will deal more fully with these points when treating Mr. Hutton's impediments to belief, but cannot here help saying that he seems not to have grasped the idea of the Church as a living organism indwelt by the Holy Ghost, who acts and speaks through her. Newman believed in the existence of a God ; he believed that that God had revealed Himself to man; he believed that that revelation was Christianity ; and he believed that true Christianity is the Catholic faith. Believing, therefore, that the Catholic Church is " the pillar and ground of the truth," it is but logical that " the consent of the whole Catholic world " should hold the place it did in his estimate of evidence. (To be continued.) 