[co-vtinl'hd feci! satceday's issce.J [ill r.ight-s ke~eeved. BY ORDER OF THE CZiR. THE TRAGIC STORT OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON; Author of " Cruel Loxdox." "The Three Kecxuits," " -Job;; Neediiai-t," *sVc. PART ITL* oha'ptep, XVI. The Ghost of the Laooavh. They were a ishing trio of tie lagoons, Chiozotti, in fact, -.Tell knoT. lor their industry and their j>ir.ty. They bad been beating r-.t-oo v Vr.ost of the night without hailing in anything worth mentioning, until si was nearly morning,and then having called down a blessing from the saint whom their brown illuminated sail glorified, their feet had had filled to overflowing. They emptied it with much reiofting upon their recking deck, and.then spread their canvas to catch the morning breeze for Venice. It wanted yet an hour or so to dawn, the fir?; opaline advances of which began to move the curtains of the Eastern sky. Only. a handful of p*le stars remained irt the heavens. The sea had been rough on the previous night, and a strong under swell 'eft in memory of the passing storm. The picturesque smack rose and fell with a regular cadenza of motion. While one of the men steered and attended to the navigation, the other fnro were busy getting their fish into the hold, singing all the while a kind of answering chorus to the chunt o£ the steersman. Presently the soloist paused in his song to gaze intently to windward where he fancied he saw something in the water. It was .iiot a boat, nor was it a fish. It might be a piece of floating wreckage. But it looked strangely like some awful viskn 'Of the deep. The helmsman eaiA nothing, but crossed himself devoutly and looked in another direction. The opaline glow that had at first been very faint now gave place to streaks of pink and grey and red ; it looked like a Etormy breaking of the morning. There was an unusual shadow, tno, upon the sea, the steersman thought-. He .foalred to look to windward, though hi tried to smother a superstitious dreaB that came over him in a repetition of his fisherman's chant, and again his mates took up the refrain. He no longer saw the strange weird something in the sea ; it was still there, nevertheless, rising and frilling with the swetlhig waves. Once in a -,ray the first begins of the morning fell apon if A3 if with inquisitive glances. Then the shadowy form.? of the Euganeau hills began to assert their presence far away beyond the mainland. Further North the cold white Alps were getting ready to make their appearance on the distapt background of the hazy picture. By-ar,d-nye the islands of tiie lagoons would put in their claims to recognition, but for the moment there was only one object to be seen. And now they all saw it. The fish with their shining scales and bright dying eyes had been stowed away, and suddenly the man at the helm pointed a long bony finger in the direction of the ghost-like object to wind ward. The thing was recognised in silence. It assumed an almost upright attitude with the rising of the waves ; and as they receded it floated backwards as a graceful swimmer might. It did not, in taking this new posi tion, however, buffet the water as a live swimmer would, but rose and fell with a ghostly rhythm of motion. When its head topped the wave3 horizontally it showed a human face distorted, white and swollen,with dark hair. All three tollers of the deep now saw tho apparition. It was more than a ghost and less than a man. Was it some pernicious creature of the sea ? How should they avoid it ? They tacked. They turned their eyes to leeward. They made as if they would sail for the open sea. The morning hesitated at the portals of day. Once or twice it threatened to go back into the night. Unusual clouds began to gather about the East. A heavy fall of rain pattered down upon the The swimnyt!7g figure followed the ship. They had both struck the same current. <ne sailors now 6ft w it in anew quarter. They were afraid. Again they tacked. This time the prow turned towards the Lido. The men had resumed their course. Presently a long streak of light illuminated the waters. The rain ceased. It was nearly morning. The sun forced silver lances up into the clouds. j And now there could be no mistake. The ! figure was human in form, bvt its face was a wierd deformity. It was a goblin, a monster, a something horrible. It had great | white hauds that wore steering it towards i the ship. Its head rose and fell with the waves. They could all see the usmeless | thing. They fell upon their knees and I commended themselves to their saints, and I mors particularly to her who had vouch safed them their goodly haul of fish. Then they took counsel and came to a decision. "The monster was a ghost. They were convinced of it, these three Chiozotti. They crowded all sail to get away from it; | when suddenly, as if under the influence of the god of day. the wind fell and there was a dead calm. The sea, however, still rose and fell. There were no 'waves. But the keel of the boat made a gurgle and a wash ing. The sea seemed as if trying to break into a wave, but it only slopped up against the ship's sides. One of the men thought there was something like a sob accompany ing the bulging motion of the water. They tempted the dead breeze from every point, but the ship Lay still and the morning in silvery splendour began to salute and glorify distant objects, flashing now andthen through the clouds into a white path across the lagoon right up to the ship. In one of these passing illuminations they saw the ghost clearly. "It has no ghost," said the bravest of the three ; " it is a deadman." " Did you ever see a dead man swimming with its arms and legs as a live man swims V said the other, fortifying himself with a long drink from a bottle which he handed to his mates. "Itdoes indeed swim," said the helms man ; " that's true/' " What harm can come to us," said the first, " having commended ourselves to the Virgin and to our own much beloved and be holden-to saint ?" " She did not help Pierre when wo were wrecked and lost our mate," said the helms man. " Forgive him, Santa Maria !" exclaimed the second fisherman ; "he knows not what he says!" " ]t is no ghost, comrades," repeated the bravest of the three, " only a drowned man ; let us take him in tow." " What if he takes us in tow ?" said the first of the Chiozotti. " Truly, what then?" exclaimed the helms man. "Look at him! Dead, do you say 1 Yes, a dead alive; he svsims, don't you see it, first on his breast, then on his side, and thirdly on his back. Do drowned men swim like that ?" "It's the action of the waves," Baid the sccand fisherman, taking another drink. " Strange action!" said the first. "Yes, I grant you," said the second; " but are we cowards % Have we been out in all weathers, and seen strange sights by night and day, and are we going to be afraid now that the sun is rising and Venezia begins to look across the water to the Lido ?" " No," said the first spokesman. " What shall we do, good comrade ?" "Lower the boat and take the drowned uian in tow !" said the other, handing the bottle to the steersman, who emptied it and found himself more courageous by two wine glasses full. " But see," he said, "nevertheless it is coming along of its own accord. It needs no assistance !" "There will be a reward,' said the second sailor. " I see gold lace ; it is the body of an officer in uniform." "Don't romance," replied the first fisherman ; '• it is the glint of the sun on the water." By this time the sun was really getting up in the heavens. The Bky was beginning to turn. Blue distant mountains came nearer. "Lower the boat boys," said the bravest of the three men. " I will fasten a line to the ghost!" The helmsman crossed himself as lie lent a hand to his mates, and presently the boat was slipping to the stern, where the second man dropped into lier and began tQpull towards the strange figure Tvhich seemed to belit-2 rally pl&yuig; with the waves. _ " said the Chiozzia fisherman as he approached it, "gold lace sure enough, but what a face ! and, mercy on us, how dead alive it looks with its .hands waving up and down. Ah oy, mite, heave to i" with which ejelamutiou of personal encouragement he Hung a thin rope across the body^an A" so manoeuvred it that in a minute-or two he had fastened a stronger one .to and the ghost of the iagoon ftnSwered to the tug of the boat whith the fisherman began to "null fo£ t&'s smack. The vessel hove to, and the adventurer having fastened his boat to the line flung out by the helmsman, scrambled aboard. The ghost floated in companionship with the vessel's beftt which dropped quietly astern, ine Chiozzia smack now hoisted her painted sails and steered for the channel by the Lido. It was an ebb tide^ Crater as *£r Symonds tells tis jj\ his '«Italian Sketches'" at sych iini'y, rulis pass the mulberry gardens of the pleasant hamlet like a river. The fishing boat, with its ghastly figure at the stern, swung into this rapid stream aidedbv a freshening breeze, and from the other side* of the Riva no doubt looked a pretty object, us indeed it was if you took no, note of its half submerged esftro—tfie dead passenger, with its great white hands and its equally white face, like soft, half-tanned leather. On went the boat and its silent witness past the grove of acacii trees which rise out or its tall green grasses, where the first butterflies of summer were disporting them srivcs for their brief hour or two of gay and radiant life. Presently the vessel's course was changed for the Custom House, and now she went gliding along with no swelling motion; esceofc such as the wooing vrihd rare fceh , ~ *^p. Venic& vas alive. A little trowd bt early workmen had gathered round the Victor Emmanuel statue. The last remnants of the decorations were being removed. The pigeons in the Grand Square or fct. Mark s were fluttering over their first meal of the day. The two royal standards opposite the famous church were flviug in the morning breeze. A cluster of gondolas wefe ivihff by the Fteps in the steido'w bf the iion of St. 3larfes, PiclUmsque groups of men and . dmcil were standing near. The gorgeous palaces were glassing themselves in the 'jrrand Canal with blurred effects of from colour made by the rippling cfFecU- of form and colour made by the rippling water. Round the cornet of the .rizdrro KUiie where.the Countess Striyens^ had looked down from the window of her boudoir, h6w .ever-, Vhe water was still and showed every -ine 6i architecture, every lichen ori the ancient walls, every bit of ooze find gtcctt slime tiiat clung to the luwei stones on the water s ed^e, but there wa3 no trace of the tragedy oi the recent festival any more than uiere was of those others which had preceded it in bygone days. Nor had the wavelets in front of the palace anything to show or to say of the magnificent reception, thn gty ihd iestal music of which Bad been the dirge which \ er-geance had prepared for the Rus sian general who had presided over the out rages of Cznronva. All the world looked so happy oil this morning as if the bright sun, thesdft Lk'ceze, the c!c;ir_ sky,, til6 perfume of flowers (brought from the mainland by a passing boat) had been given as compensation for the closing of the royal festival; or as if the spirit of V enice had risen up to let her wor shippers feel that the city in the sea needed nothing of festival or music or royal guests, or flags and banners, and painted boats to make her desirable, but that she was love liest without aught else but her own beauty. , vVV\ trailing along her dreamy city was triat bleached and ghastily thing than a little way off looked like a strong swimmer at his ease, hi3 extending arms and legs rising and falling with the motion of the vessel in com pany with which he was enjoying the bright, gay morning. But what a ghastly mockery it turned out to be when the Chiozzia smack cast anchor and dropped her sails. And what a reception it had from the chattering crowd that collected on the quay—all talking at once, some crossing themselves, others professing to recognise the corpse, all pre sently making way for the Custom House authorities and the police. " General Petronovitch," said one of the chiefs of police, "he who disappeared on the night of the illuminations; and this (taking from the body a dagger that was entangled rather withthe clothing than with the flesh) the cause of death, perhaps." On the blade of the rusted knife could still be seen deeply engraven a word ih Arabic, which a learned priest translated into Italian, French and English. They were the same Arabic letters as those which were em bossed upon the amulet that the Countess Stravensky wore at Mrs. Chetwynd'a recep tion, and the word was " Vengeahce." Thus the judicial murderer of the Rabbi Loainski, the assassin of the household peace and joy of the Klostocks, and the scourge of Czarovna, flung after execution into the sea, had come back again to Venice a witness of the far reaching hand of Nihilistic ven geance. CHAPTER XVTT. Poetbt, Prose, and the Dead Swimmer. From \ erona to Coruo is a day's journey. Under any circumstances, there is no mono tony in it, but travelling in pleasant com panionship it is perhaps one of .the most de lightful of continental railway journeys. The scenery is never uninteresting, and there are always in the distance fine ranges of snow capped mountains. The happy English party from Venice, it need hardly be said, found the trip full of a new and special interest. Dolly was radiant. It needed no psychological student to dis cover that Sam Swynford was the selection of her heart. If he had been wise in his estima tion of female character, he ought to have dis covered in his earliest acquaintanceship with Jenny's lively sister that her " stand off-ish ness and sallies of wit at his expense were only feminine indications of interest, if not love. It was perhaps a little feline, while she purred to make her lover conscious of an occasional scratch. .Had the ami able young stockbroker responded with the manful intimation that he was not to be wounded with impunity nor without resent ment, it is quite possible that the shadow of Philip Forsyth might never have fallen upon Dolly's fateful youth. She had in her secret heart loved Swynford none the less that slie had occasionally made him suffer. It was only the trifling of a somewhat coquettish nature. Swynford had, in slave like worship, flung himself at her feet, and she had placed her foot upon his neck, not viciously, but with something of the pride of conquest. She would have appreciated from Sam the spirited response that such treat ment would have received from Philip For syth, because she knew that Sam was de votedly attached to her. She had doubts of Philip, was flattered by his attention, urged to accept him by her sister, who had no other object but Daily's social and happy advance ment in life. The truth is the two pretty young women were as much above the average of their sex in genuine amiability as they were in ap*. pearance and manners. They had, in the course of their education and training, annexed unconsciously some of the snobbish ness of the upper middle class, in small social victories; delighted in being received in a higher grade of society than their neigh bors; found in social success of this kind, greater pleasure than should belong to the honest performance of their home duties; liked of course to be admiredgather for their beauty than their inteliectnal qualities; were ambitious more or less selfishly for distinction in their husbands that they, the wives, "might assume the role of superior persons; were, in fact, good women with women's weaknesses. No hostess was more gracious than Mrs. Milbanke, nor more successful in her popu lar little parties, and Dolly might; well be envied for her high spirits, her healthful con stitution,her bright eyes, and her unquestioned beauty. Philip Forsyth had been proud to be seen escorting her in the tents of Vanity Fair, proud of the attention her happy, pretty face invoked, proud of the envy it ex cited among women, and the envy he excited as her prospective husband. But Sam Swyn ford, in his more commonplace nature, had paid far higher tribute to Dolly's natural fascinations than was possible to Philip For syth. Sam had no ambition apart from her. In every speculation he was inspired with tho hope of a future with Dolly. He adminis tered to her little vanities in every way tbafc j was possible to his position as her admirer and ail i.itimnte friend of the family. He remembered all the days in which she was j specially interested—Christmas, the New Year, St. Vaventine's, Easter, her birthday, .Tenny's birthday, Walter's birthday. She always slid he had excellent taste in the choice of flowers, the bindings of books and the selection of dainty bits of bric-a-brac, i But Jenny could not forget that Sam had in i bis speech a suggestion of North Country dialect, and was a little inclined to overdrew, too* no pains to cultivate) aristocratic society, and was, after all,...only a stockbroker: so that-ffhan Philip FAi^ -*itii hU-diskh- j guss-ea style and manner, his artistic pro spects, his promising position in society, and his notable circle of friends, came alon^as a rival to Swynford, "Mrs. Milbanke tookDoilv's future into her hands and brought about t-he engagement which had ended-so disastrously. ; She now Congratulated herself on her three I companions on continuing their Italian holi day with the new love and being entirely off with the old, and confessed to TValfoJ* 'Kit' therq wps something .hoblef in life thah -"riie ' of the vm triiica tad etagrossed her ambition i ttfxm the sunken rocks of which she had I nearly wrecked Doily's future ; but Walter would not hear of the smallest thought of j self-abasement on the part of his pretty and affectionate wife, and he vowed that he had always* felt somehow or other that every thing would come right for Dollv, although he was anxious to make beliefs that if atiyo«° Was to bfero'e for HdcietiiKg that, iiuturtuhite engpgement it was he himself. Altogether the party was under the in fluence of affectionate self-denial and mutual congratulation upon the course events had taken. At present they did not, from a svm pathetic p°mt of new, feel the shadow" of Jrhilip Forsyth's strange disaflection, and n0 knowledge of that sensation i which the Ghost of the Lagoons had created m Venice. Thev arrived at Ccifldi a picturesque City «t the head tjf the fanloiis lake, where Walter had^ecUfed fqottis St thS b*et fetiUii in ttie Square by the qui? where you take the lake oteatners or hire rowing boats. After an ex cellent dinner Walter and Swynford sat in the balcony, smoked their cigars, and watched the suii' set. Dolly _and Jenny unpacked their valises and talked over the dav's ad ventures. The next morning they were to go onto Bellaggio. ^ Sam ind Walter were up with the Larki, interested iti Sciidviiig the pictur esque and busy secularisation of Sunday in Italy, which is strikingly illustrated in this httl j city of Como. Jugglers, hawkers, ven dors of iced drinks, and holiday people were in the Square from the earliest hour on Sun day morning. Later, there were steamers arriving with bahds of music and democratic societies out for the dity-. Member? rif rivaj and friendly irfoc&thJiil; Set these political CombliiSti'otis on the quay, where they pal si* ered and exchanged emphatic civilities. Their bands Swynford considered to be nearly as bad as those of the Salvation Army in EngUHrt ; Hb Hoped tlisy had not .travelled all that distance to make the ac quaintance of sueh ribald music. Walter discoursing with a bystander, discovered that the musicians were hired for such occasions as these by political administrators and the Odd Fellows and Foresters of Italy. The banners of thess Orders were. However) more easily carried than those of our English con fraternities. They did not indulge in those tremendous pictures which in England stretch right across the streets and are borne aloft in h,IS1i..^inds, wit{i iiiucii sweat and struggle by, even the strongest itnd doughtiest of Gadfellows and the most stalwart of Robin Hoods. The Squire <?f Com o^ was very busy all Sun day, and so were the streets; busy with people who were shopkeeping, going to church, marketing, singing, working. At night the vocalists were in the ascendancy, but as Walter remarked, they did not sing and they were not drunk. They awoke the echoes of the surrounding hills with madri gals and chorus. If the Square of Como had been a thoroughfare in an English city those bands of workmen and holiday - makers would, it is to be feared, have been roaring out some music-hall song or hiccoughing a vultjar chorus of the slums. "One goes from home," said Walter, "not only to see how great England is in many things, but how small, not to say brutal, she may be in others. In the tfternoon our English travellers said their prayers with the rest of the church-goin<* community, and towards evening made'their first little excursion on the lake, which thev navigated in dreamy sunshine on the morrow. Sweet and gentle searchers after truth have discovered that Bulwer Lytton adapted his poetic discription of the Lake of Como from a foreign source;other philanthropic critics have at the same time ridiculed the poem as utterly overdone being applied to the famous Italian lake. Permit a humble worshipper of nature, and one who loves art nonetheless, to say that Bulwer's half page of suggestive description is only a faiilt indication of the spirit and beauty of Lake Como. Why, there is even an hotel at Bellaggio, half way down the lake, which goes near to be worthy of the well-known lines:— " A. pa'ace lifting to eternal summer It- marble wslii from cat a gio«sy bower Cf oolest foliage, musical with birds." The lake is a sheet of water thirty-five miles in length, and every yard of it a picture of romantic beauty—high, sloping hills that hem you in now and then,making not ane lake,but many ; hills that are clothed with foliage and backed at many points by distant Alpsthat are clothed m everlasting snow. As the steamer skirts the shore you see that the gardens of the innumerable villa3 are filled with flowers, that the houses are of all descriptions palaces, cottages, chalets, lodges, hotels ; as they go high up into the mountains they dwindle off into the cots of vineyard-tenders or herds men. It is wonderful now and then to see up in the mountains villages which look like flights of buildings that have settled down in clusters as pigeons might, all in a heap, with a few trees about them, and always the sheltering elbow of convenient Alps. The season is late they tell me on the boats and at the hotel, yet the air is soft and balmy, great bunches of westeria decorate garden walls, lilac, rhododendron. Guelder roses, chestnuts are in full bloom, and at every village where the steamer touches, men and women are sitting out of doors, the men swinging their legs over quay walls, the women sewing or tending children, all in " summery" dresses, and we have long since discarded wraps and overcoats, and find the weather hot enough despite the breeze of a steamer in rapid motion. Bellaggio is probably the most delightful point of the lake. It is fifteen miles from its northern extremity, and divides the lake into two branches. Here the travellers commenced their delightful experiences of Bellaggio. The weather was like July in England, though the time wa3 early May. The sky was characteristically Italian. The windows of the hotel were opened. From the great drawing room come the voice of a prima donna of the lyric stage, whom some travelling companions had persuaded to sing a few snatches from " Otello"' and "Lohengrin." The terraces of I the hotel were reflected in the Like in deep colors of green and pink and red and yellow, repetitions of grass and flowers. On the op posite shore the lake wa3 bordered by a sweep of architecture that melted away into hill and dale ; and far oil on the right the snow mountains pretended they were white clouds capping the rich blue of the sky. In the little town there was a piazza out of which every now and then ran narrow street ways up to the hills ; little streets literally of climbing steps. When you looked up these narrow ways and saw women coming down with children in their amis, or men lolling against curious doorways,ySh could only wish you were an artist with nothing else in the world to do but to put these pictures into black and white for magazines, or better still, into all their glory of colour for popular galleries. When the lusciousness of full summer comes to Lake Como, and rests upon the clustering hills of Bellaggio, and dye a ins in a sunny glow down in the valleys, it is no stretch of fancy to imagine the per fumed light of some marble palace stealing through the mist of alabaster lamps, and every air " Heavy with the ciehs Of crsng« grovrs and mu»:c frrm tweet lutes. And murmurs of !ov.- fountains thit gu.ih forth 1' the midst of rcwrs." " Of course I like the picture," said Dolly, " but not for always, Sam," " How do you mean ?" he asked, pressing her arm as they lounged upon the terrace watching the light and shade upon the distant hills. " Beautiful for n visit," said Doliy ; "per fectly lovely, but too good for the likes of I, as Walter's gardener says down in the Mid lands." "You really feel like that?" said Sam. " I'm so awfully glad, because I was thinking somewhat in that direction." ° " Really ?" she asked. Indeed, most truly," he said. "I 0nee knew an odd, simple kind of rich man who owned a palace in Worcestershire, but lived in the lodge which stood by the road at his galea. Of course, Dolly, I could lire with you, my dear, anywhere, palace or cottage, a garret in Bloomsbury or a bijou villa stand ing in its own grounds at Kensington." " Sam, you're so odd !" " When I said garret,1' said Sam, "of conree 3^ only meant it as;9 figure of.speech— a 4 f&con; c'g p&rler;,' as Waiter Woiifd sSy ; but without you I can imagine myself in this Bellagio palace longing for a cottage on the hills opposite, or trying to negotiate an ex change of rooms with one of those loafing peasants who live at the top of the narrow avenues that give ujton the Piazza, where those wrinkled old women we saw this after noon_sell toy dLstrffs and bric-a-brac." "Our thoyohts are.Certainly. sympathetic, fesmi" said jdolif; " t Shall tifteh Sfrsahi Ci this iovely place. If we were to live here we ought to dress in costume, as they do upon the stage. I could never endure to go about in such scenery in ordinary clothes." " That's because," said Sam, "you never see this kind of thing in pictures without Italian men and women in all sorts of fancy dress. The best studies of lakes and mountains and water-falls, with palaces and foteign costumes, seem to me to be like Ciifofflos: btlt wouldn't these Crinkled old women on the Piazza make fine suojeclj for Professor Herkomer. Forsyth would have " "Don't mention that name, Sam ; not yet, at all events. It makes me feel as if I would like you to slap me in the face." " Dolly exclaimed Sam, entirely for getting what he was going to say about For syth. "Itc!oeS|'! said Dolly. "Idon't wander at those strong men in the East End of Lon* don heating;their:iri?65:" " L'olly, Dolly," said Saiii, rt-itli His ario round her waist and " awfully happy," a3 he told her afterwards, "you'll make me feel miserable if you talk in that way. Besides, fancy drifting from ' glassy bowers, musical with birds, palaces lifting to eternal summer, and orange groves heavy with the sighs of music from sweet lutes,' into the barbarism of Whitechapel and women-beaters! For good tiers' MieJ don't tell Jenny what we talked of, and don't meiitioii !t td Walter. We shall be chaffed unmercifully. Let us go back to poetry and sentiment." " That's the bell for dinner," said Walter Milbanke,coming upon them unobserved,and calling their attention, to the sounding gong beyond the: terrace, "and here are the English Hewspa|)erS> Such ar discovery, by Jofe!. Ho'^.Cdtliedy aiid Tragedy. ,3o go hand in hand ! They have found Grenem! Petrunovitcii floating with the tide from the Adriatic into the lagoons, stabbed to the heart with a dagger on which is engraved, in Arabic, the word ' Vengeance.' ". '' How dreadful!" exclaimed Dolly. " It i3 -believed," continued Walter, "that he was killed on the night of the illuminations and taken out to sea' in one of the many boats we saw on that exciting ni='ht. By Jove, it's worthy of the fen-uen! days of Venice." " I'm glad we didn't stay." remarked Doliy. "So am I," said Swynford, "and you'll excuse me, Walter, if I don't tear my hair over Petronovitch. I feel so awfully happy." " You look it, my boy, you look it. Come along; then; we will dismiss the Venetian ghost and try the Bellajrg'io 'cliwine;' I think ; it's all right. I have interviewed the 'chef,' and discovered a brand of champagne that I think .rill even astonish you, you City Sybarite (To be Continued.) 