THE IN~IRCOLONIAL CBICFET • ?d.A.,JHr. . . [BY OUSR SPE?IL COBBPSPO?DENT.,] SEcOND DAY. SYDNEY, January 26, 1891. Of all the sights dear to the eyes of a lover of the noble game of orioket, that pre. sented to day, at Moore Park, was u.n doubtedly one of the most exhilarating-a gloriculy fine mild summer's day, with a cool fresh breeze blowing in from the Pacifio Ocean, a grand staed crowded to its utmost capsoity by some 2M500 or 3bd00 persions, and the terrapee on the opposite aide swarming, like huge ant-heaps, with thousands of human oecupante, with a splendid exposition of the various departments of the sport-with all these sights presented ,to 'the pelotoer, be mast indeed have been a?dJlardlUlha Ad not been roused to a pitch of enthusiasm which f~ound vent in applauding every epenisly good batting, bowling, or fielding feat. In my last, it was mentioned that the Victorians had obh. t~iined 'whatever advantage there was in having the first of a good wicket, and in the ground becoming so wet as to render the ball, for a time, esmanageable in Turner'e hands. After the heavydownpours of Saturday evening and' night, however, and the bright warm sun whish shone next day, it is doubtfui if Blackbam's advantage was reallyone in fact, for it?was seen that Ned Gregory had an elmost, if not quite, perfeot wfiket for the New South Welchmes to play their firt innisge on today, sanda lrge sore' was pretty generally eppeeted, although it is admitted, on' all hends, that' the Viotorlass have a strong bowl. ing contingent, Events proved that the expeotation was, to a very great extent, justifed, although, at times, the play be. same painfully slow; astill, MmOes and Ban. nerman, who nsdoubtedlY 'often erred on the side of atioUn, "played the game right up to the handle," whilst Turner gave ope of those brilliant, dashing, and withal'~sfei exhibitions for whib hieiu'faombos, and which place him 'reit't?oorge GCffen, in the very fore front; is ashot, Tornerjs better ?t?sdler than the formtner, is. e.-goed'-a fild, tAe is not so very much inferior as a batsman. The Sydney Horling r Herald says that his bowling feat on Strprday is nla best effort yet in ani?tercoiao. sial match ; and, altogether, those iwho pre. dieted that his oomparitive rustication ie Goulhburn. since his resorn from England, had caused hin to si iff/in his orioket found themselves wofely astray. Puonctually at 12 to the minute. noermam and Turner came out, amidst load appiaue, to 'eaist the stteke of Phillips ab6 TrumbleZsthefborimer being the bowler, who did suchgreat eceotton against New South Wales, in Melboacae ? few weeks ago, At first the little stonewaller took the lead, and totted up 6 (including 4 for a pretty leg.glanoe) whilst Turner had'made only 3, but then the Ltter ?nme oa i( d hi shell, and was 60 when Banerman had reached 13. Notwithetanding four orfive changes of bowl. leg, before'the bell raig fir luncheon 118 bhad appeared on the sooringhboard-not a had hour and s-half's work, by any mesea. 'About teop smintes bhfore lunohoen,; "?t trror," who :eppebred desirous t rse a three. Cibre asoo'r, eteasibd do i?a bit in his hitting, bht still played a vigorous, lively pamn,... ptil. et length, attempting a big. hit to tshb cl off Phillips, he failed to get hold of the ball, and up it went, dropping eaetly into the safe hands of Carlton, at cover. upoint, and Turner wended his way to the pavilion amidst a deafening storm of applanee. HIe made his 70, *hilat Bamnermas had ab* tainsd 10 only,, but afterwards the latter infused more vigonr into his play, and made one lovely drive for 4. Finally, after putting up 85 without the ghost of a chance, he stepped before his wicket to make one of those leg glances to the boundary for which Its is m famous, and, missing the ball. was, given out, as he so frequently is, "leg before." Now it appeared aa if a veritable rout had oet in, for Donuna, who followed, and who is generally considered-and justln--a reliable batsman, .gave out one of the [eblest expositioes of cricket ever seen in an interoolonial match. Altough he only scored 7, he gave three dis tinote chacse, to ny nothing of the fact that he was withi, an sae of being once clean bowled, and then, jumping out to Phillips, lifted him to the southern boandary, where Hooeton effected a nice catch. Donnane's brother-in law, little did. Gregory, came very confidently to the secoae, and, after scoring a unit, hit a ball hard and fast to rarraot, at mid-off, and this feldsman, not beiog in sench an aooommodating mood as he was with Donaan, the little 'un had to walk baeck to the pavilion-a feat which he performed with a much less con aequential air than he wore when he emerged from it, a minute or two previously. Iredale now came to the asseistance of hin skipper, and waee not long in setting to work. Iredale plays a vigoroneus ani yet pretty safe gamen; he can lay on the wood to sonme purpose, and yet knows when to let an '"offtheory' hball go by or to pat a straighter one back . Whilt he was cot the wickets he put runs on very rapidly, and caused his vis-a via to liven up a bit aleso. oSeveral bowling changes had, in the mean time, been tried, aed at lecgth Worrall, who wae sending down a capital ball. induced Ire dale to hit one hard in Morria's hands, and the darky stuck to it like grim death. The leviathnu Bonunor followed, wending his way fromn the pavilion amidst rounds of cheers-for, although said to be altogether out of form, "George"is a popular favourite, and every body knew that if he stopped in he would hit. He was not long getting to work, for he drove the frst bhll Ice got (from Worrall) for 2. He was not in many mintne for his dozen, ano he woas playing a by nomeane had gam%, when be was foolishly run out, aa attempt beiug made to coore poe for a ball which Moses drove straight to the bands of Carlton, at mid.olf. So enthnai?stite in Bno?o' asne were masy of the spectators now becoming, and so close wau s the run-oat, that load groans, from all parts of I the ground, greeted the ampir6's decision; but,eo fara Ieooddsee,the giant was fairly out, although whether the fault lay with himself or with Mosee was not so certuin. Charlton fol- I lowed1 and played out time. He made several good hits. but one or other of the fieldeien was always in the way, and so, at the drawing of the stamps, he had only "amaesed"2. The captain (80, not out) played the safe game whloh he always does. and itis generally hoped that he will top Wateera soo?e %efore his inninge terminates. Notwithstanding that they were saooutisg ll day long, the felding of the Victoriasnewas wonderfelly good; dosenos on dozens of hard hits did Morris atop, whilst the same may be said of Worrall, Trott, and Tarrant, whilst, as to the play of Houston, Horan, and Walters in the ont-field, it would be impossible to *urpaesltithe esergyrwith .hioh they worked to reduce what looked like a certain fourer to a 3, a 2-aye, sometimes 1-speaking volumes in favour of their en thusisem in the ansee. Blackhasm was not quite so successful behind the sticks as nusuoal, having allowed oueaor two fast balls togo clean by him, hibt at lieait two of the sundries were "wides"--one of them about o10ft. from the batemuol. k hes been ei(tb play?[ Moses andR?eieMa'h ?hs, at tlies, slew, s-~ill seen by the faot that, although, in an hounr and a half before lunch, 116 rans were recorded, the afternoon's play of three hours and a half o.nly inreased-thbe total f 1d6;- and -26o though a good'rtfllorea x wicketslid6tlig onut of the way for a whole day's play. Not fewer than sir trandlers tried their handarith the phere-Phillips,Trmble, Carlton, Morris, Trottoand WoyUl e?ch haniliag it in turn :bat the fitt-patnmd Aras h,pcly one who had .soyi.particpa~qu.quosea. 'l??Barl of Jersey (the ]toe~Wrir).* '?ols h etlhubsiastie admirer of the ?amee WalY bga'lon'thed ground to.day. and was loudly cheered. Notwithetandiing the counter- attraations of the raee, regatta, erxcursions, &o.;, the grounds were crowded as thes atusot ..barn for :.loug time, and the immense newbJ.? Jadllir promenading the lawn during ?1libtdrtd?t 'oT the play, eervevd to chow that thelair sex in Sydney. are great admiters bof the peitimd, Below ate today's details : New SOUTm Waao.-Firpt Isninge. Tourier, e. Charlle?d; b. Phillips i.- ... 70 Bannerman, lbw, b. Phillips ...... 35 Doonan, , Hoeuston, b. Phillips .. ... 7 Gregaory, o, Tenarrnt, b. Phillips ... ,. .. Irednle, c. Morris, b. Worrall .. 40 Bouuor, runooqi, - ... .. 12 'sosesr(captlin),' tout. ...........80 Charlton, not out ....... ".., ... -2 Sundries ... ... ... ... ... 9 Total (for eir wickets) ... ... 262 