How a Good Ship was Lost. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship ' Mary Compton,' of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful galo off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in tho lighthouso on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they wero safo. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, were saved. Oft rpnp.ltinfr f*.hp nlinrp t.hptr fniinri n. Rfrnnn»A thing had happened. An enemy of the light house keeper had bouud him hand and foot and extinguished the light Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit? ?' You are heyond human aid.' These words wero said by a physician to a woinin who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No ; for ho might be wrong — and in any case he had no busiuess to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In Juna, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her Bymptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she wns so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled ' and,' she said, ' all objects seemed to go into a cloud.' She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A' dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. ' I could scarcely crawl about the house,' she says, ' I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to tha Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave it up in despair. ' I talked with threo other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid.' ' My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went homo and crind till T wan dink. T hud tin nn. petito and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to Btick in my throat. About this timo I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nino o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it uutil Monday rooming. ' At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, iu East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Soigel's Curative Syrup. So 1 sent to Mr. Jesson's, tho Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped tho vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished tho second bottle- I bad got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than aver bofore in my life. ' I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, bat my husband was out of work aud we had only a trifle eoining in f.-om his club, but I thank God I did got it »t last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. AU my friends and neighbours know tho facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry.' (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, vith symptoms showing bow far it had iffected tho nervous system. A few months, -r possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would mva had no talo to tell. She did wrong to vait ono hour for any reason, after having -nown what Mothor Scigei's Curative Syrup iad dono for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 120s Towlb'h Pennyroyal and Steel Pills for Females quickly corrcot all irrogulari, ties, and relieve the distressing symptoms to prevalent with tho sex. Boxes la. lid. and 29. Oil., of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors. Prepared only by The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co. Lincoln, England, Wholesale of all the Wholesale Houses. Beware of Imitations, 101s d ' KEATING'S POWDER ' destroys BUGS M FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, aud all other W iusects, whilst quito harmless to domestic « animals. In exterminating Beetles the sue* l| cess of this powder is extraordinary. It is =? perfectly clean in application. Bee the article you purchase is ' KEATING'S ' as imitations aro noxious and ineffectual. Sold in Tins,i°d, Is, and 2a 6d each, by all ohemiats. 114s 