RACING NOTES. BY "RATTLER." The most important item on the Calendar requiring attention this week is the date of nominations for the leading events of the Southern Downs Turf Club's annual meeting, to be run on the Warwick coarse on the 13th and 14th May next. These events are—the Oistriot Plate of 60 boys., 1J mile; Welter Handicap of 25 soys., li mile; Visitors' Plate Of 20 boys., 6 furlongs; Juvenile Stakes of 25 soys., for two and three year olds, 6 furlongs; Handicap Jumping Race of 30 soys., about 1 j mile; Club Handicap of 100 boys.; and Inn keepers' Plate of 25 soys., 1 mile, nominations for which must be sent in to the hon. secretary, Mr. F. B. Woods, by 8 p.m. on Thursday next. It is gratifying to find that the energetic seore tary and committee of the Southern Downs Turf Club aro making efforts to popularise tho sport in their district, and to raise the Warwick club to the standard of excellence which it enjoyed in days gone by, when its meetings were recognised as among the most attractive and enjoyable held in the colony; and I trust these efforts will be practically appreciated by horse-owners on nomination day. The meeting will be held about ten daya before the opening of the Q.T.C. autumn fixture, so that owners ol horses preparing for the metropolitan meeting will no doubt think it worth while to have a cut in for the prizes offered by our friends on the Downs. On Saturday next nominations will require to be sent in for the Blazers' Plate (handicap hurdle race) of 66 soys., 2 miles; the Logan and Albert Jockey Club Handicap of 75 soys., 1$ mile; and the Beaudesert Plate of 40 soys., G furlongs, to be ran at Beaudesert on Saturday the 16th May next. Acceptances for the Hungerford annual handicaps and entries for the general events will be due on Thursday next. The promoters of the Queensland Turf Club have reason to be highly gratified at the response which was made on Tuesday last to the invitation for nominations for the three principal handicap events to be decided in con nection with the autumn reunion next month. The total number of entries reoeived was 116 as against 118 sent in for the same events of the corresponding meeting last year, but while there is a slight falling off in the number of candidates for the Cup and Handicap, there is a considerable increase in the number of aspirants for the prize offered to the winner of the Stradbroke Handicap. This year forty six horses ore named for the sprinting event as against thirty-nine last year, while (or the Cup there are but thirty-one as com pared with thirty-seven in the previous year, and for the Moreton Handicap thirty-nine against forty-two in 1890. All things con sidered, the lists have filled remarkably well, and, depending upon a satisfactory apportion ment of the weights it will be safe to prog nosticate a highly successful meeting. It wiH be seen from the lists thac the well-known trainer, M. Quirk, who is at present in the sister colony, is likely to bo baok for the meet ing with his horses Yabba, King Olaf, and Valasquez, while Mr. Hannan will pro bably return with Ralston, and Chaafe with Yowi. It is almost a certainty, too, that Greygown will take part in the meeting, and in addition to these are the names of Laureate, who has been doing great things over the Clarence way, and a few of the Queensland three-year-olds who have not yet been seen at headquarters. The Maryborough Jookey Club, which for a time was in danger of dropping out of the Calendar, has got upon its feet again, and with a new secretary at the helm, and a committee determined to keep it alive, there is some promise of it being soon in a better position than it was previous to the recent troubles. Mr. Jack A. Langley, a young gentleman who was for some time connected with the Cltroniele, and who is an enthusiastic sports man, has accepted the secretaryship, and as he has had a considerable amount of experience I have no doubt but that he will give every satisfaction to the olub in the performance of his duties. Signalising the re- establishment of the olub, a programme has been issued for the annual meeting, which has been fixed for the 25th and 26th June next, and although the added money (£420) is small as compared with previous efforts, it is quite reasonable to expect that the reunion will prove successful, as it will provide an opportunity for owners and horses on their way to llookhampton to break the trip. And perhaps it would be unwise for the com mittee to attempt too much until the club is free from debt, and this, I hear, will very likely be accomplished during the present year. The liabilities amount to only £193, and as the corporation authorities have granted the free use of the racecourse for the year, and it is intended to hold another meeting in September and a third about Christmas time, the executive should experience very little difficulty in clearing this off and placing a good round sum to the credit of .the ouib. This year the order of the circuit will be.Gympie, Maryborough, Bundaberg, and Rockhampton, and upwards of 2000 soys. will be distributed in prizes by' the four clubs, so that there will be plenty of inducement for metropolitan horse owners to make the round trip. The principal items in the Maryborough bill of fare are the Club Handicap of 100 sovfl., 1£ mile, and the Town Plate Handicap of 80 soys., 1J mile, nominations for which will be received by the secretary up to the 12th of June. Weights will be declared on the 19th June, and acceptances will be due on the 22nd June. At the settling in connection with the recent Tattermll's autumn meoting, Mr. D, T. Sey mour, in the course of his remarks when responding to the toast of tbe Queensland Turf Club, said that in drinking to the health of the Q.T.C. they were in one sense honouring them selves, because, although racing under different names and different management, they all belonged to one racing family, and he thought it might be to the interest of the sport in general if the two clubs were amalgamated. This suggestion, coming as it did from a mem ber of the exeoutive of the premier club, was greeted with a round of "hear, hears" and other tokens of approval, but I doubt if either Mr. Beymour, who mode the Raggestion, or those of his hearers, who applauded it, gave the matter the faintest consideration. On occasions of this kind, when, accompanied by the " flow ing bowl," the prevailing sentiment is " He's a jolly good fellow," speakers are apt to say things whioh they would not care to repeat after consideration; and lam sure Mr. Seymour, as a Q.T.O. committeeman, would be one of the last to endorse such a proposition if it were made in all seriousness. The gentlemen com prising the committee of tbe Brisbane Tatter sail's Club may be, and no doubt are, as much experienced and as well able to oonduot the affairs of a racing institution as those of the Q.T.C. Committee, but whereas the one club exists purely for the advancement of the national pastime, the other, although claiming this also as one of the objects of its existence, has interests and responsibilities qaito outside the province of a racing club. Who overheard of a turf olub and a botting olub amalga mating ? Tliia was pcrhapa the best joke of the evening. It is mirth-provoking to notice how iße members of the happy family of bookmakers take advantage of every opportunity that offers to air in public their grievances against the much-Abused totalisator. Suoh an opportunity presented itself at the Tattersall'a settling last week, and the usual argument was advanced that it was impossible for the ring men to com pete against the niaohine. Is not that argu ment itself a strong point in favour of the automaton ? The fact is that the totalisator is the bookmakers' best friend, for without the assistance derived from it our race meetings would be of very small acouni. If it is thought this is not the case, let the Tattersall's olub, as an experiment, discontinue the use of the maohine at its meetings, and we shall soon discover how much benefit its betting members or the club itself is likely to derive from the obange. The treasurer's statement of receipts and expenditure in connection with the Tattersall's autumn meeting showed a balance £100 on the right side. This is a small amount as com pared with the profits of previous meetings, but considering the adverse circumstances against which the committee had to contend it is not altogether unsatisfactory. In every respect the meeting was a success. With almost a certainty of securing the valuable Q.T.C. St. Leger Stakes, and three weight- for-age prises, besides a possibility of appropriating one or both of the principal long distance events of our approaching autumn meeting, it is not surprising to hear that Mr. R. E. Maitland has decided to pay U3 a visit with Greygown. Prom a sporting point of view it is perhaps somewhat to be regretted that the gray colt is to return to Queensland, as his presence here will for a certainty detract very materially from the interest which would other wise be taken in the Leger and weight-for-age events. On the other hand, however, his re appearance at Eagle Farm will be an item of attraction to those who saw him perform as a two-year-old, and have since watched with interest his career in the Southern colonies. The bay gelding Lithologist is being schooled over the fences at Eagle Farm, and promises to turn out a good hurdle-racer. K. Miller has had another addition made to his string at the Epsom stable 3 by the arrival of a bay gelding from Mr. Hunter's western station. The new comer is a rough-looking customer, but he is said to be a first-class jumper. The friends of J. M'Alister, the jeckey who was recently seriously hurt by a fall with the racehorse Charon, will be pleased to learn that he is getting along nicely at the Brisbane Hos pital. He will probably be about again in six or seven weeks. On Tuesday last D. Trihey left for Sydney by the steamer Leura, taking with him his hurdle mare Laurel 11. B. Kinsman, the hurdle jockey, was also of the company. Mr. J. Smith's two-year-old black gelding The Saddler, who was thrown ont of work early in the season on account of growing too fast, is at present being hacked about the town. He has grown into a handsome horse, and may be heard of later on. The beautiful little mare Little Jeannie, belonging to Mr. J. Walsh, of the Hamilton, is in foal to Phil Athol. The hurdle horse The Loafer is to have a few weeks' spell, after which he will be trained by T. Carney. Five of the yearlings purchased at the recent annual sales in Sydney for Mr.'■ W. H. Kent arrived here on Sunday evening, and have gone to the Orange, Ipswich. The bay colt by Agamemnon from Maritana, full brother to Sandy Greaves and Priam, and bred by Mr. Frank Darley, of Nanango, has been purchased by Mr. J. Nesbit. From a Queensland Bportsman, who paid a visit to Sydney to attend the A.J.C. autumn meeting, I hear that Mr. A. Barrington's colt Sandy Greaves, who has had a long spell, is again in work, and has grown into a very handsome horse. The cause of his temporary retirement from the racing track was teeth troubles, but he is all right now, and I have still some hopes that he will make a name for himself as a racehorse. Mr. J. F. O'Brien has returned from the sister colony, where Dame Fortune is said to have treated him kindly. His horse Wands worth has, I am given to understand, gone into Allsopp's stables. I hear that Mr. S. Welch's horse Lord Headington is being trained by Mr. W. Gentle at Toowoomba; and he is reported to be in tip top condition. What is supposed to be the very last of the Vespasian stock, a bay yearling colt, bred by Mr. E. T. M'Connel, of Cressbrook, is in the market for sale. This colt's dam, Isa Craig (imp.), was put to Vespasian about a fortnight before the old horse died, but a couple of months later she was covered by Darriwell. The mare, however, foaled to Vespasian's time, and as he is in appearance very much like the Vespasians, there can be little doubt upon his breeding. If not sold in the meantime I understand it is Mr. M'Connel's intention to put him up to auotion at Bundamba, at the Ipswich club's race meeting on Thursday next. At the Parkes (N.S.W.) Jookey Club meet ing, held on Easter Monday, the brown gelding Bluegown, by Epigram, won the Publicans' Purse, 1 mile, under 7st. 21b., in lrain. 44$ sec, beating a large field, and On the following Wednesday he ran second for the Club Handi cap, 1 mile and a furlong, which was won by Skittles, by Somnus, in 2min. lseo. Blue gown was at one time owned by Mr. J. P. Jost, who thought so little of him that he sold him as a hack to a gentleman who has interests in the western districts. Oat Charleville way Bluegown showed that he was worth training, and after winning Borne good races he became the property of Mr. W. J. Robinson, in whose colours ho raced at Parkes. Some important sales of thoroughbred yearlings were held in Sydney last week, and it is gratifying to find that a few high-class youngsters woro purchased by and for Queens land pyg-rtsmcn. Mr. Joseph Bennett, of the Carrington Stud Comnany, is said to Wo picked op a bargain in the brown daughter of Kingsborough and Feu d 1 Artifice, and he also bought a bay filly by Trident from Etiquette (imp.) for 70 guineas; while Mr. J. F. O'Brien, the well-known owner ol Wandsworth, secured a fine chestnut colt by Chevedin (fall brother to Chester) from Ghinnie Qhinniefor 166 guineas, and the same buyer gave the top price of 340 guineas fora beautifully turned filly by Trenton from Bridesmaid (Pet Girl'B dam). An agent is also understood to have purchased several youngsters for another well-known Queensland sportsman who does not wish his name to be mentioned. A correspondent, writing to the Melbourne Leader from London under date 19th February, says that Peter Flower, who is wonderfully improved, is favourite for both the Two Thousand Guineas and the Derby at 11 to 4 for the one and 9 to 2 for the other. Some of the Southern racing clubs have decided upon obtaining the services of a short hand writer to take verbatim reports of all inquiries and meetings held by the stewards and committees. Both the Williamstown Club and the V.A.T.C. have already made appointments, and it is probable that other clubs will follow their example. It will be remembered that at the last annual general meeting of members of the Queensland Turf Club a motion in favour of a similar appointment here waß ridiculed by some of our leading turfmen, and eventually withdrawn. The full programme of the principal race meetings to be held under the auspices of the Victoria Racing Club during the season 1891 -92 has been published. During the present season the added money given away in prizes amounted to 44,100 soys., while next season this will be increased by 700 soys., 500 soya. more being given for the Australian Cup and 200 soys. more guaranteed for future produce races. The Melbourne Cup will again have 10,000 soys. added money. Paris, the winner of the Doncaster Handicap, was bred by Mr. H. C. White, and is very closely related to the flying Bungebah, being; by Grandmaster from Enone, a daughter ot Valetta, and sister to Aveline, dam of Bunge bah. Here is Paris's tabulated pedigree :— It appears that there was something wrong with Megaphone at the recent A.J.C. meeting, and after running nearly last in the Doncaster Handicap he was struck oat of all engagement*. The Amerioans, like the Englishmen, freely acknowledge Carbine's greatness. This is what a leading Californian paper has to Bay about Mr. Wallace's world beater and his Melbourne Cup triumph :—" It was a decisive victory, and one that stamps Carbine not only as the greatest horse in Australia, but probably the greatest in the world. The time and weight considered, thero is no race or performance on record in the history of the American Turf that can be com pared with the phenomenal run of the son of Musket. With 1101b. in the saddle, Ten Broeck established the present American record for two miles, by covering the distance over the Louisville track in 3min. 27£seo. on 29th May, 1877\. Since then that record has never been equalled. Of late years races of two miles in length have been very scarce on the American tracks, and contests over that distance are now seldom seen. But, when placed alongside of Carbine's record, the performance of Ten Broeck sinks into insignificance. The difference of weight, 351b., at once satisfies the unpreju diced mind that Carbine is a better horse than was ever Ten Broeck; and, again, the American ran against time, with all the oon ditions in his favour, while Carbine plucked victory from a race in which thirty-nine tried, true, and game racehorses came to the post, and he won in a walk, actually raoing the field into the earth in 3min, 28} sec. He conceded the second horse 531b., and the third 441b. Americans will say:—'Well, if he met Salvator he'd have a different kind of a game.' It may be that Higgins's famous horse can give Carbine a race, but he has never done anything that will guarantee any one setting up the opinion that ho can beat the Australian over the Melbourne Cup distance with 1551b. up. Salvator has never carried such a load, in fact, 1291b., if memory is aright, is the heaviest bundle of flesh and blood he has ever carried to victory. Ho probably has as much Bpced as the Australian, but he has never run such a race as Carbine, and, whilo he may be the peer of the1 latter, he has not equalled his performance. It may bo that it is because he has never been given an opportunity. What a magnifieont struggle it would be to see Carbine, the Australian champion, Amphion, the English Turf kirt£, and Salvator, the Rrand American, en»aec in a tbroc-conicrcd battle for supremacy. IThc Baron (1), |8ting(a),orT'e [Emperor (8) (S) Defence Reveller man Monarque PoateM Royal Oak Ada Gladiator IQladiator Partisan Pauline Sheet Anchor [T'e Warwick m. [The Baron Birdoatoher Echidna StookwaU Ipoeahootaa plenooe Marpen* rf 81andetf ttalooa Caatrel Idalia M Qulnade |camel Banter a fcap-a-pi* The Colonel Sultan mare 8ir Henoles Farairnay Sir Heroolet Paradigm [Tr<w Priaa Oauanax* [AlioeGrey IRoos'sEmiRaai Gulnare [Harkaway Koonomiat iNabookliah m. Idle Boy Iol« Sir Henmlet Cardinal Gap* No toon John Bcaadal [Desdemon* lATdln* Gladiator Volooipede m. Bach a race will not take place, but it would be worth going across the world on foot to witness it, if it could be arranged. Then, and only then, could it be established as to whioh of the illustrious trio the title of 'Champion of the World' belongs to." On Wednesday week last Mr. W. Richardson declared the weights for the principal handioap events to be run in connection with the Ipswich Turf Club's autumn meeting at Bundamba on the 16th instant. It did not require much consideration on the part of the handicapper to make a selection to fill the position of top weight in either the Silkstone Purse or the Club Handicap, for Trojan showed such superior form at the late meeting of the Tattersall's Club that in comparison the horses engaged at Ipswich must be regarded as very indifferent cattle indeed. Even with Ost. 81b. on his back, Trojan should have very little trouble in annexing the six-furlong raoe if sent for it, but probably his owner will not care to risk incurring a further penalty, having in view the richer prizes to be distributed at the leading club's reunion in May. With the top weight out of the way the race will have a much more open appearance. Lady Lisgar was allotted Bst. 41b. in tho Dalveen Handicap at Eagle Farm and finished out of a place, but whereas the distance upon that occasion was one mile, here it is only six fur longs, so that she oan hardly complain at having a similar impost. Over six or seven furlongs this little mare has proved herself one of the best of the horses racing at headquarters, but anything beyond seven furlongs seems to find her out. So that here I think if well she should take a lot of beating. At one pound less, Heath is also well treated, for although she did nothing at the late meeting, it must be remembered that at one time she was upside 3 with the best of them over a short journey, and her running at Sandgate a few weeks back is sufficient argument against the supposition that her day has passed. George Fox was success ful at Bundaberg a few months ago, but Laumtina's form is enough to prove that there was very little merit in his Northern victories, and as I regard him as quite outclassed among the sprinters in the southern portion of the colony, I should not have placed him quite so high up in the list. Foreman has very little to recom mend him beyond his two-year-old victory in the Sires' Produce Stakes, and there was not a great deal of merit in that performance, but he showed once on the Bnndamba course that he possessed some paoe by defeating Sir Anthony, and as he is now • big bounoing fellow and fully developed, he should feel quite at home under 7st. 121b. Of coarse, without having seen him or knowing anything regarding his condition, I cannot say I fancy bis ohance, but there can be no reason for complaint at his treatment. Gladys and Levant both ran well at the Tattersall's Meeting, the last named having finished second to Pet Girl in the Boas Handicap, 1 mile, under 7st. 21b., beating Ronald, Heath, and other good ones, so that with only 61b. more and two furlongs less to negotiate, I regard him as one of the best treated in the handicap. If Bowler were the Bowler of old he would be op to his eyes in it at a pound less, bat I am afraid he has seen his best day The Empress is a mare who will, one of these days, create one of the " big dividend" surprises whioh have been so frequent of late, for although up to the present she has been a disappointment, one does not require to look further than the Tattersall's Meeting to find that she has a wonderful turn of pace for about three or four furlongs. It may be that later on she may im prove in this respect, and it would not surprise me if before very long she turned oat a splendid nailer. At present, however, I shall pus her by. Tallboy was evidently very much off at the late meeting, but he ought to have won at Sandgate, and if in a racing hamour at Bun bamba he should be handy when the positions are awarded. Lady Orphan won a raoe at Ooodna, bat I doabt if she is class enough for this company, and although I am convinced that Priam ■is a speedy customer, he has disappointed me more than bnee, and for that reason I shall not place any confidence in him. Vizier and Corinda are both very fast, and should raoe well under their light imposts; and if Salva dor, who has only Ost. 41b., be as well a3 when he defeated the champion two-year-old, Mr. Frank Marsden should have a word or two to gay when the numbers go up. After going carefully through the list, those that strike me, after Trojan, as having the best prospects are Lady Lisgar, Gladys, Levant, Foreman (if well), Tallboy, Priam, and Salvador, and of these the winnor may be found in Lady Lisgar, Levant, or Salvador. In the one and a quarter mile event Trojan, in consideration of the extra distance, has 51b. less than in the Silkstone Purse, and if I were sure he would start, I should select him against the field. For the reason that I have already mentioned, however, it is probable that he will not be an acceptor. Rou6, on his latest form, has quite acrushor inßst. 51b., but it is no doubt more upon the form he displayed at Rockhampton than at Eagle Farm that he has been handicapped. Anyway, he oan have only a very remote show of annexing the Ipswich Club Handicap. Coro nella ran third in the City and Suburban Handicap, and this has incurred for her a penalty of 101b., biit she meets altogether different company here, and, if started, will be worth keeping in mind. La Grange has 7st. 131b., as against the 7st. 51b. he carried on Monday last, but as I think he is susceptible of improvement, on his latest form, and will be racing on his own track at Bundamba, I am inclined to give him a show. Navigator is not class enough to run the distance in this company, and Garuda, notwithstanding she has a blue ribboa to her credit, will not be a runner for me. Porter must be a very much improved horse, for at one time he was apparently outclassed amongst selling-platers. He ran a good horso at Goodna, and followed this up by cantering in in the Trial Handioap at Sandgate, while had ho been anything like decently riddon in the Tattersall's Metropolitan Stakes he must have won. Upon the last occasion he had the feather-weight of 6st., and although ha has a stone more to carry here, I should not be surprised if he made a bold bid for victory. It may be, however, that he will be reserved for future events. Grandchester is in light enough at 6st. 121b. What a good thing this race would be for the little son of Darebin if he was back to his two-year-old form. And I still have aome hopes of him returning to that form sooner or later. When I saw him at Ipswich some months since he was practically in an untrained condition, but at headquarters this week he looked something like his old self, although still quite too big to race with any show of Bucoess. Aaron, Magic, and Lord Pastille are all left with an outside show, but Litholo gist I would not have at any price. It will be seen, then, that for the principal raoe of the meeting I like Trojan (if started): Coronella, La Orange, and Porter (if he starts), while of the outside division my selection would be Magic. A welter handicap is always a diffioult thing to deal with, so that, having said so much in connection with the other events, I will simply select Heath, Navigator, Foreman, Levant, Magic, and Eau de Vie, as having the winner of the Blackstone Purse concealed amongst Ilnra. The following are the nominations for the principal events to be decided, in connection with the Thargomindah Jockey Club's annual meeting on the 7th and Bth May next:—Club Handicap: Woroester, Eagle Hawk, Canobie, Silver, Harlequin, Zealot, Tarpot, Soipio Afrioanus, Kalboro, Irish Lad, Mulga Ned, Acrobat, Minor, Postmaster, Wal laby, Bluenose, Try Again, Danby Dale, Curiosity, and Dahlia. Bulloo Handioap: Worcester, Nacre, Eaglehawk, Troilus, King of the King, Zealot, Harlequin, Silver, Canobie, Tarpot, Stella, Kalboro, Irish Lad, Mulga Ned, Acrobat, Mirror, Jubilee, Post master, Wallaby, Bluenose, and Danby Dale. Sires' Produce Stakes: Marcius, by Oorio lanu6; Brier, by Earl of Mar; The Nun, by Combftdello; Royalist, by Minjah; Thelina, by Auctioneer; Lovel, by Comedian; Marraya, by Combadello; King William, by Grand Flaneur; and Commissioner, by Tobermorry. Jumping Race: Broker, Forester, Young Sarawak, Battleaze, Minor, Gaylad, Charity, and The Ghost. Three-year-old Handioap: Nacre, Mirror, Postmaster, Wallaby, Fernleaf, Wanda, and Wandamuera. The following weights have been declared for the Club and Flying handicaps to be ran at the Hungerford Jookey Club's annual race meeting on the 17th instant:— Hungerford Jockey Club Handioap.—Mulga Ned, 9st. 21b.; Memento, Bst. 101b.; Acrobat, Bst. Sib.; Welcome, Bst. 21b.; Eagle Hawk, Bst. lib.; Irißh Lad, Bst.; Fermanagh, 7st. 131b.; Tarpot, 7st. 101b.; Curiosity, 7st. 61b.; The Boe, 7st. 51b.; Danby Dale, 7st. 41b.; Carlyle, Cst. 101b.; Eolipse, Gst. 101b. Flying Handicap. — Mulga Ned, Ost. 41b.; Memento, Bst. 121b.; Jackson, Bst. 61b.; Acrobat, 88t. 51b.; Eagle Hawk, Bst. 41b.; Weloome, Bst. 41b.; Irish Lad, Bst. 21b.; Fermanagh, Bst. 21b.; Tartar, Bst.; Tarpot, Bst.; Gay Lad 11., 7st. 101b.; Curiosity, 7at. 81b.; Troilus, 7st. 71b.; Gaylad I. (Thomas), 7st. 61b.; Courier, 7st. 51b.; Danby Dale, 7st. 41b.; Stella, 7st.; Carlyle, 6st. 111b,; Houpla, Ost. 111b.; Edna, Bst. 71b. Our old friend B. Colley, than whom probably there is not a better horseman in Australia, piloted Mr. H. C. White's b.g. Paris, by Grand master —Enone, to victory in the Doncaster Handicap at Bandwiok on Saturday last. On that account alone, if for no other reason, the following particulars of the raoe, taking from the Sydney Morning Herald, will be interest to Queensland readers:— "Betting: 3 to 1 v. Marvel, 4 to 1 Paris, S to 1 Helene, 15 to 1 Wilberforoe, 20 to 1 each Little Bernie and Don John, 100 to 3 Savant and Car digan. After a slight delay Mr. Watson gave, the word to a good start, and as the column advanced the first to break the line was Marvel, who led for nearly half-a-furlong, when Paris suddenly dashed to the front, and Boon es tablished a gap of three lengths between him self and Marvel, who was a length dear from Dolosa, May Queen, Tridentine, and Savant. Paris was farther away at the six- furlong post, and when a couple of furlongs farther had been travelled Marvel and May Queen got within three lengths of the leader, and the majority of the field began to tail off. Paris came round the bend and led into the straight at a killing paoe, two lengths away from Marvel and May Queen, while on the left Helene, who had got very badly away, com menced to put in a powerful claim. At the distance Paris slowed a little and showed symptoms of tiring, while Marvel and Helene were catching him at every stride. At the half distance the leader still had an advantage of a length, and as he faltered for a moment Colley sat down and commenced to ride for his life. Inch by inch Marvel and Helene closed upon him, but the little fellow struggled on right gallantly, and just reached the post in time by half-a-neok from Helene, who beat Marvel by about the same distance. Southerly Buster was a pretty fair fourth, with Alexander on terms, and then sucoeeded Muriel, Gaytime, Magdala, Little Bernie, May Queen, Savant, Grayling, Wilberforce, and Tarcoola, while the last to get home were The Queen, Megaphone, and E. K. Time, lmin. 40sec." From the same souroe I take the following account of the Sydney Cup, from whioh it will be seen that the Queensland-bred colt Grey gown, for whom I have always had a great liking, was beaten by less than half-a-head; while Yowi, who is also a Queenslander, being by Melbourne from Yellena, and bred at Tent Hill, Gatton, by Mr. J. Williams, was beaten by the gray colt by only a noso for second honours: —"Betting: 3 to 1 v. Highborn, 4 to 1 Little Bernie, 5 to 1 Greygown, 6 to 1 Helene, 8 to 1 Muriel, 12 to 1 Southerly Buster, 20 to 1 each Pretty Kate, E.K., Lancer, Yowi, and Triden tine. Mr. Watson was very happy with his flag, and flashed it down to a very fine start, Cardigan on the extreme left, Southerly Buster and Lancer in the centre, with E.K. against the rails, getting off in front, while Helene dwelt at the post, and was very slow to get going. As soon as they settled into their places H. TC. carried hi 3 colours to the front, and came round the bend with Yowi at his girths, and nest to them came Utter. The two leaders entered the straight on terms, attended four lengths away bjr Utter, who was suooeeded by Southerly Bnster, Pretty Kate, and Tridentine. £. K. led Yowi half-a-length past the stand, with Utter and Little Bernie a length away, and half-a-length in front of Pretty Kate and Southerly Buster, and then came Wandsworth and Tridentine, with Highborn and Lancer hugging the rails last. The two leaders, both pulling hard, held their own past Oxenham's, and Utter then joining them the trio sailed along the far side of the coarse a length clear from Tridentine, with the others clustered and whipped in by Lancer, Cardigan, and Wandsworth. A little further on Helene and Highborn began to improve their positions, and Utter crying enough, an example that was quiokly followed by E. X., Tridentine ran into seoond place, while Muriel, <on whom the weight told, joined the beaten division. Not half done with Yowi put on more sail, and showed the way past the five furlongs post two lengths clear from Tridentine, who, though beaten, was slightly in front of Greygown, Little Bernie, and Pretty Kate, while Highborn, passing a troubled lot, put in a prominent claim on the left. Yowi turned the home corner in safety, attended by Tridentine, with Highborn next on the outside, and Little Bernie against the rails, and the others beaten with the exoeption of Greygown, who was coming very fast in the centre. At the distance Yowi was still in the lead, but before the half distance was reached Little Bernie appeared at the front against the railings, and shone out as the winner. Yowi and Highborn, fighting for every inch of ground, appeared to be unable to get up, when suddenly the Metropolitan Stakes winner shortened his stride and tired so quickly that the pair were soon on terms with him, and as he melted away they came on and settled down to fight it out. They raced stride for stride, and the whips were brought into play with great freedom, but they could not be divided, and it looked as though a dead heat would result, when sud denly a glanoe to the left showed that Grey gown was coming like a locomotive, and the trio swept past the post wedged together so closely that the judge alone could tell which had won, and he decided in favour of High born, with Greygown seoond and Yowi third, and there could not have been more than quarters of heads between them. Little Bernie was scarcely half-a-length away fourth, and then succeeded Wandsworth, Southerly Buster, Lancer, Pretty Kate, Helene, Muriel, E. X., Cardigan, Tridentine, and Utter. Time, Bmin. 8745e0." 