LOCAL NEWS. The Extra. Sheets of the " Mercury "-The third sheet of this day's paper contains advertise ments , Poetry, " That Summer Girl," continua lion of Tales " A Woman's Vow" and ' The Dis guisod Heir " ' The Labour Agitation"-eon eluded, Royalty and Repartee, Andrew Lang on Ghosts, The Spectre Jockey; Hinton School of Arts-Annual Meeting The second sheet contains -Advertisements , Visit of the Railway CommiR sioners, Louth Park Tunnel, Anecdotes of thf> Auld Tolks, by Mark Antony, Cricket, Ouginal Correspondence, Presentation to Father Sheehy , The Government and the City Bank, Land Notices, Editorial Article, "The Frozen Meat Trade," Punishment of Gaiotteis , District News -Millet's Fotest, Cassilis, Lochinvar, Pateifeou, Gieta, Allynbrook, Stewait's Brook, Murrurundi, The Pume Minister on Public Affairs, Proper Methods of Stewing, Mci eury Junior , West Mait land Police Couit, Late London Markets , Late Cable News, Spotting Gossip, by The Vagrant, Bankruptcy, Introducing the Cook; Amusing Stones of School Life , On the Tiail "Aï. Obsfrvdr 01 the Signs oi the Times - Wo cannot see no advantage in opening a possible contioversy on this subject Ladies' Names -Mary, the commonest of all names given to woman, is yet one of the sweetest Byron assures us that he had an absolute pisaion for it It signifies " exalted," Maria and Marie the latter French -are only other forms of Maty, and have the same meaning Martha signifies "bitterness" Anne, Anna, Hannah and piobably Nancy are from the same source, and signify " kind," or " gracious " Ellen was originally Helen, the Latin being Helena, and the French Helene-the meaning being, according to some " alluring," and according to others "one who pities " Jane signifies same as Anna Sarah, or Sally, " a princess, and the morning star " Susan, " a lily ," Rebecca "plump," Lucy, "hughtness of aspect," Louisa or Louise, "one who protects ," Frances, or Fanny " frank or nee ," Cathetino, " puie or chaste ," Caroline and Charlotte, " queens," Sophia, " wis dom ,' Emma, " tender," Margaiet, "a pearl or a daisy," Elizabeth and Eliza, " true," Julia, Juliette, Juhetta, " soft haired," Agnes, " chaste," Amelia and Amy, " beloved , Clara, " clear or bright," Eleanoi, "all fruitful," Gertrude, "all truth," Grace, " favor ," Laura, " a laurel," Matilda, "a noble or brave maid," Phoebe, " light of life,'. Amanda, "amiable," Isabel, "tiue and loiely," Pauline, " little one," Olive, " peace, Edith, "happy" The Mouki Pleasant and Drimnin Estates - We would direct the attention of agriculturists, dairymen, and others to the sale, by Messrs Sparke and Clift, on Monday next, at one o'clock, at Good yer's Hotel, Campbell's Hill West Maitland of the following attractive properties The Mount Plea sant Estate, containing 691 acres of Agricultural land, with 2 miles frontage to the Williams River, near Clarence town, substantially improved, and partly undei crop Also, the Drimnin Estât», con- taining 60 acres of pasture and cultivation land, fronting the Williams River The land on both properties is of the best possible description, [either for dairying or agricultural pui poses, and as it is within easy access of the Newcastle or Sydney markets, produce could be shipped to either port at a minimum cost See advertisement -Communicaleü The Shearers' Difficulty.-Up to Thursday the condition of affairs in Queensland was as regards a conference that the shearers' representatives required the freedom of contract principle to be one of the points to be discussed, while the Employers' Union require recognition of the principle and an exact statement of the shearers' objections to the pastoralists' agreement. In South Australia the pastoralists have consented to discuss their agree- ment with the Shearers' Union. Engagement of men for the Queensland shearing is proceeding satisfactorily in Melbourne. Landscape Photograph.-Mr. Edward Blair, who is sole agent in Maitland for Mr. Ballard, the landscape photographer, has sent us three specimens of Mr. Ballard's work. One is a picture of the West Maitland Town Hall proscenium and act drop, one of the most successful interior photographed views we have ever seen, lavery detail comes out sharply and distinct. The other views are pictures of St Mary's Church and Parsonage, and of St. Panl's Church from the Park. Both are fine artistic pictures, and show that Mr. Ballard is something more than a mere photographer. The specimens sent us are chosen from a large number of pictures which Mr. Ballard has taken in the district. Mr. Arthur Sullivan's Company.-In another column Mr. Arthur Sullivan announces an enter- tainment at Paterson on Tuesday next. Mr. Sulli- van is assisted by his clever wife and little Maggie May, and'wherever it has appeared the company has unmistnkeably won publio approval. East Maitland Polich Coubt. - Yesterday Messrs. Brooks, P.M., and R. F. Crichton, J.P., occupied the bench at the East Maitland polico court. James Martin, who was fined 10s, in default four days' imprisonment, for having been drunk and disorderly in Lawes-street, was sentenced to pay a penalty of 403, with the alternative of going to gaol for fourteen days, for making use of obscene language.-Lavina Chapman was brought up in circumstances denoting derangement of mind. She was apprehended by Sergeant Forrest in view of certain facts that were communicated to him. Defendant was remanded for seven days for medical treatment.-John Blewit, charged with using obscene language, pleaded guilty, and stated that he was under the influence of liquor at the time. He had not been before the court previously. He was fined 103, with 4s lOd court costs.-Robert Gilpin, who, under a process of the Court, was called upon to answer a similar offence, did not appear, and a warrant was ordered to issue.-A slaughtering license was granted to John Leggett. Shipment of Specie.-By the steamer Men muir, windi lett on wednesday tor nongirong tua ports, specie was shipped, chiefly by Chinese, to the value of ¿5180. By the s. Aramac, which left for Queensland ports, specie was shipped to the value of ¿25,000. Convenience to Country Friends.-As fair sized parcels can now be sent by post we make a special study of always sending the best value when goods are ordered by wire or letter. Customers re- quiring anything suitable for presents from a few shillings to any amount by naming the article about the price required to J. Hart jeweller &c;, West Maitland, the best value and satisfaction may al- ways be relied upon. 674 The Mulgoa Irrigation Coupant.-In another column we publish the prospectus of the Company which is being formed in Sydney for the purpose of carrying out the works of the Mulgoa Irrigation Colony at Penrith, on the Great Western Line, 34 miles from Sydney. Mr. George Chaffey, of Chaffey Brothers, is the back-bone of the enterprse, and will personally be the Consulting Engineer for the works. The Messrs Chaffey Brothers who have done so much for Mildura on the River Murray, will now begin in New South Wales at Mulgoa which is only 34 miles from Sydney by rail, as against Mildura over 500 miles from ¡Welbourne. A special Act was passed by Parliament just before Christmas whereby the water from the Nepean and Warragamba Rivers is secured for irrigation. The area is about 20,000 acres of good land which will be sold in 5 and 10 acre blocks and upwards with water rights attached. We understand that already there has been large application for shares, and we would advise intending shareholders to at once apply to Messrs Hardie & Gorman, 133 Pitt St. Sydney. The Provisional Directorate is a strong one, and we learn that scores of applications have been received for taking up blocks of land. The investment in Mulgoa shares is likely to be an ex- tremely lucrative one.-Advt. Sale of Sheep at Gunnedah.-We have been requested to direct attention to the sale on Tues- day next, at Gunnedah, by Messrs. Bacon and Co. (in conjunction with Messrs. Alex. Wilson and Co.) of 6000 mixed two-tooth sheep and 3000 stud maiden ewes in lots to suit purchasers. Read the Opinion of a Well-known City Clergtman.-" I have no objection to your using my name, as one who has derived consideraole benefit from the nae of Row's Dandelion Bitters. I have used them nowfor nine months, and have come to the conclusion that they are an invaluable tonn.-Thomas Kemmis St. Mark's, Darling Point Vpril 29, 1889. ' Hop Bitters Handicap.-The above event will take place at Mr. Bush's popular grounds at East Maitland, on Saturday next the 14th, and not the 13th as pointed in our last issue. Entries close on Wednesday evening next. Election.-Well the election is over and four good men are in ; but Goulston and Company's Sale is still in full swing. They have opened a lot of Embroidery which they are selling at a penny a yard. Read their advertisement in another column. 604 Insolvent Sale.-On reference to our advertis- ing columns it will be noted that, on Tuesday next, at eleven o'clock, Mr. A. Vindin, under instructions from the official assignee, will conduct a sale of the stock-in-trade of Ernest Terry, of East Maitland. The stock consists of stationery, glassware, fancy goods, etc., and the shop fittings will be disposed of at the same time.-Communicated. We have had our attention called to the fact that other Sweep Promoters in Sydney are copying our Name, Circulars, &c;, and, as this may mislead our numerous subscribers, we beg respectfully to call the attention of our clients to the fact that our Only Address is,-" Tattersall," Care of George Adams, Pitt-Btreet, Sydney, N.S.W. 874 Gunnedah Stock Passings.-Messrs. Bacon and Co. send the following :-January 31, 1891.-3500 store wethers, Ulinda to Guyra, Bacon and Co., agents ; 2000 store wethera, Garrawilla to Armidale, Bacon and Co., agents. Feb. 4th: 240, store cattle, Abbey Green to Merah ; 500 store cattle, Bellvue to Bective, Bacon and Co., agents. Truck- ings, Jan. 30 :-13 fat cattle, Carroll to Maitland ; Feb. 3, 300 fat sheep, Pullaming to Singleton. Probable Weather.-Feb. 5th.-Forecast. New South Wales : Winds light to fresh from south to east on the coast, easterly inland ; weather cloudy unsettled, with rain on the coast.-H. C. Russell. Victoria : Fine and cool, with S, and S.E. winds tending to north, and warmer weather.-R. L. J. Ellery. South Australia: Fine, warmer; winds easterly.-C. Todd.-Rain has fallen in the previous 24 hours. New South Wales: Generally on the coast and central highland districts. Victoria : Heavy at Lake en- trance. Queensland : Heavy with thunderstorms up coast and Gulf parts. South Australia : Moderate with thunderstorms north of Daly Waters. Tasmania : Light at Hobart and Circular Head. Deaf Forty Years.-The description of a simple remedy, by which a complete cure of deaf- ness and noises in the head of forty years' standing has just been effected, will be sent free to anyone who applies to J. II, Nicholson, 175, William-street, Melbourne. 669 Public Houses and Population.-A return has been put forth showing that in 1881 under the old Licensing Act, the number of public houses in proportion to population was 1 t» every 235 per- sons. In 1882 the new Law came into force, and the proportion was 1 to 264. By the year 1886 the number was reduced to 1 to 310, and in 1889 a further reduction was recorded of 1 to 329. Crystoleum Painting.-Elsewhere will be found an advertisement intimating that Mrs. Griffith, crystoleum painter, has become a resident of West Maitland. A collection of specimens of her work is on view in Mr. W. T. Poulton's windows in High street, and inspection will show it to possess very high merit, in the way of richness and delicacy of colouring, tasteful selection of tints, and art and skill in bringing out and enhancing the beauty of the photograph upon which in crystoleum painting the artist works. The collection of Mrs. Griffith's pictures is well worth a careful examination. The Mechanorium.-If you want anything re- paired take it to the Mechanorium. G. R. Harrison, Manager. 925 The Case of Young Horder.-We understand that a petition was recently presented to the Minister of Justice praying a remission of the sentence passed upon Henry Horder, who was concerned in the disturbance in High-street ; the circumstances in connection with which have been fully reported. It is stated that inquiries were made into the matter, but it was deemed desirable not to recommend any remission of the sentence. St. Paul's Church, West Maitland.-It will be noticed by advertisement in another column that Holy Communion at the above church will be cele- brated at half-past seven in the morning of to-morrow. At the eleven o'clock service the Preacher will be the Rev. R. E. Goddard, of Morpeth, while in the evening the pulpit will be occupied by the Rev. Dr. Ellis. Celebration of Marriages.-The Gazette Sup- plement dated January 30 contains a schedule of j the ministers, of religion who have boen duly registered for the celebration of marriages. To Housekeepers.-A new white metal is now employed in the manufacture of spoons and forks that has taken the place of all others on board the large English Mail Steamers, the advantage gained being, that they are finished equal to silver, are white throughout and there being nothing to wear off, remain so, they do not stain or corrode, and are easier to clean than any other. J. Hart, Jeweller West Maitland, has the sole right and by direct importation from the patentee offers them at the wholesale prices, viz., Table Spoons and Forks 12s. Dessert 10s,Tea Spoons 5s per dozen. These with our best Double refined steel Dinner and Breakfast I Knives from 9s to 12s per doz. make a table look | equal to the best in the land. 3000 Thb Prime Minister on Mr Brunker -At the Ashfield banquet on Wednesday Sn Henry Parkes passed his colleagues in review. After dealing with Messrs O'Connor, Carruthers, McMillan and Bruce Smith, he passed on to " hiB dear triend, Mr Brunker Mr Brunker (he said) and he had been personal friends for nearly 30 years, and he could therefore speak of him not only with intimate know- ledge, but with something like affection, and he asked that company and the people of New South Wales whether there were many men m the country who could bring to bear upon all public discussions such an honesty of purpose, such homespun abilities, such steady weight of character, as Mr Brunker " LrcTURE -A lecture, illustiated by lantern views, was delivered in the Good Templars' Hall on Thursday evening last, but, through the in- clemency of the weather, there was only a moderate attendance, and it is intended to repeat it next Thursday evening The views are really worth seeing, including principal places throughout the world, and giving an idea of our own colonial capitals, Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, Auck- land, ic _ An Jístarlished Fact.-Nothing shows the march of progress more than the '' Reliance' Key- less Lever Watch. It has all the advantages of costly watches, and avoids all their complications. The construction is so simple that it seldom gets out of order, and will never be costly to the owner. Parts can be replaced without fitting, repairs rarely cost more than 2s. 6d., and never mere than 5s. Cases are dust-proof, and wind and set without opening. Neat and handy ; a heap of value for 303. Post free. J. Hart, Maitland only. 3(J7 Later News by Cable.-Following ave mess- ages which have appeared in the Herald .--London Feb. 5. Mr. Justin M'Carthy has promised to dis- close on the 12th instant the terms of the settle- ment with Mr. Parnell in regard to the leadership of the Irish party. The National Mortgage and Agency Company of New Zealand has declared a dividend of 5 per cent. The Convocation of Oxford has granted the University of Adelaide the priri legos under the Colonial and London University Statute. It has been ascertained that 100 persons were killed in the late ameute at Oporto between the Government troops and the insurgents who seized the Town Hall. The Standard announces that Mr. Gladstone will shortly reveal his pledges in regard to Home Rule. The French Customs committee has votod a surtax of three franc3 GO centimes upon bonded wools imported from Austra- lia and the Cape. Breaking Railway Journeys.-A considerable amount of inconvenience has hitherto existed owing to railway passengers being unable at will to break their journeys at intermediate stations. This con- cession was granted occasionally as a privilege when formally applied for, but the Railway De- partment is now framing a regulation to make the break of journey a right. The regulation provides that passengers holding single tickets and the "outward" halves of ordinary return tickets for distances over 25 miles and under 150 miles will be allowed to break their journey at any station, provided such journey is completed within four days from date of issue of the ticket. For distances over 150 miles seven days will be allowed to com- plete the journey. Tho holders of " return" halves of return tickets will in like manner be allowed to break the journey, provided such journey is com- pleted within the period for which the ticket is available. All tickets, however, must be given up to the stationmasters pending the resumption of the journey. Northumberland Banking Company, Limited. -We have been asked to direct attention to tho directors' report and balance sheet of this Company, which appears in another column as an advertise- ment. Special Notice.-As Messrs. CobleyandMorrisby wish to either let their splendid premises or sell the lease, goodwill, and fixtures, they desire to let everyone know that great bargains may be now had, Splendid suits to measure at 63s and 70s, ditto trousers at 15s to 21s, all from real good Tweeds. Remnants a special bargain. Note address-opposite Wolfe and Gorrick's, High-street, West Maitland. 805 Sale of Farms and Allotments.-We would remind farmers, speculators, and others that the sale of properties, by Mr. O. K. Young, under in- structions from the administrators in the Estate of the late Mr. M. Moran, will take place this (Satur- day) afternoon, at three o'clock, at Stollery's Bank Hotel, East Maitland. The lots to be submitted comprise : 13-acre farm, at Potts' Point, substan- tially improved ; the late Austin Moran's third share in 21 acres of agricultural land, at Potts' Point; and some eligibly-situated allotments of land, fronting High-street, East Maitland.-Com municated. Clearing-out Sale.-Attention is called to the sale, by Mr. Enright, at the shop of Mr. Thos. Moore, jun., High-street, West Maitland, this (Saturday) afternoon, at three o'clock, of various articles of furniture, jewellery, glassware and crockery, ironmongery, books, watches, guns, &c.; A genuine clearing-out sale, as the goods must be sold at any price.-Communicated. The Squatter and Selector-It is now be- coming generally known that one of the most useful time-saving little articles of modern times is the improved Binocular Field Glass. They take in a very large field, and are instantly focussed. A sheep may be seen readily from four to six miles, according to price-17s 6d, 25s, 30s, post free, from J. Hart, West Maitland. They will often save you a run, and are fast becoming a necessity. Technical Schools in Maitland and Single- ton Districts.-The first term for 1891 commences on Monday next, the 9th instant. In addition to classes already in operation at the West Maitland Technical School, arrangements are in progress for the formation of others for the study of book-keep- ing, chemistry, cookery, scientific dresscutting, and fretwork for ladieB. By advertisement it will be noticed that full particulars relating to classes can be obtained at the Technical School, Free Church street, or Technological Museum, High-street. Insulting Behaviour.-Dislike for the Chinese is very general among Europeans. It is because of their liabits, but the law permits these people to come into the colony in limited numbers, and while they are here they are entitled to that protection which is afforded to other members of the com- munity. It seems, however, that they are not in- frequently subjected to insult. We witnessed a case of the kind ia High-street yesterday. Two Chinamen were walking along the thoroughfare, and were molested by some hulking fellows, who were seated on a door-step, and used very insulting epithets towards them. The Chinese, who were ap- parently very much annoyed, passed on without re- taliation. Publications Received.-We have the Austra- lian Vignerons' and Fruit Growers' Journal, and the Band of Mercy Journal for January. 