CURRENT TOPICS. With a flourish of trumpets the announce ment was made a day or two ago that the revenue from the railways and tramways for the first quarter of the present year was about £140,000 in excess of the receipts for the corresponding period in 1890; and also that the increase was the greatest ever shown in any quarter. What it was iutouded to convoy by this informa tion wo are not able to stats with cer tainty; hut it would seem that the public aro. expected to infer -therefrom either that the colony is .in a very pros- perous condition, or that tho railways are being managed with wonderful skill. Tho facts, however, justify neither of these con clusions. As many people know, the -in creased traffic was caused mainly by tho circuinstauco that a largo quantity of wool which, but for the shearers' strike, would have been brought to Sydney during tho December quarter of last year, was not conveyed thither until after the beginning of the pre sent year. It may be remarked that the papors which gave the information concern ing tho increase in tho railway -revenue for the past quarter said nothing about the ex penditure. Now this was £195,921 in excess of tho amount fob the March quarter of last year. In other words, whilst the working expenses of the rail ways and tramways for that period wero £553,248, those for tho three months that have just ended wore £749,169. It fol lows, therefore, that the increased expendi ture has been about 40 per cent, in excess of tho increased earnings. And none ot this expenditure, be it remembered, was on ac count of tho duplication or quadruplicatiou of any lines, for Parliament granted the ' Commissioners more than a million of ! loan money to construct siloh works. The figures we jiave qu listed , from the Treasurer's balance-sheet pi.-tove conclu sively that there is great extr avagance in connection with the managbri'iuit of the railways, and that under t he existing system of control they are lill :ely to -be a greater burden on the Consohda .ted Revenue than they were before the press ipt Railway Aot was passed. According to 14 r. Coohlan, tho railway property returns I lost year 317 per cent, on the capital it i vested. It will not return so much this ye tyr ; and hn" less eoonamy is practised it m a;V be taken for granted that before the peril# j for which the Commissioners were engaged 1 tas ended tho taxpayers' will have Co find at 1 Wast half tho interest for which the countr; f will be liable on account of railway loans, Mr. Pulsford has been treated w 1th great iguominy by the Free-trade part y, and it must bo said that he deserved the treat ment. Last, week he announce! j iii the Ministerial organs that he had c lecided to contest tho East Sydney election, ; and that his address would . be pablis bed ' after tho holidays. It would seem that ha took this oourse without consulting the council of the Free-trade Lvsoolation, who, of course, had a right to b> s ' consulted in such a matter. Having rushi 9d into the field it occurred to him, howev fer, that it was desirable to have the support of the political body with which he lead been so - long associated as its paid seci.Titary, and, therefore, a meeting of persons- favorable to Mr. Pulsford's candidature ims convened by Mr. Sydney Bubdeki:#, who, as overybody knows, is tli,o backbone, of the Freo-trade Association. The meeting was attended by eiight persons, The number being considered! too small to afford Mr. Pulsford tho required support, the meeting was adjourned until last night, when, no doubt, it was confidently expected by the candidate and his baieker that quite a crowd would put in an appearance. But only six persons were present. ; and after a while these walked, away, leaving Messrs. Burdekin and Poibford to run the show botwoen themselves. Under the circumstances it is not probable that Mr. Pulsford will issue 1 his promised address or work tho claim that he tried to jump. Nobody can sympathiso! with him , in the humiliating position in which- he- now finds himself. The two meetings referred to have provided him with abundant food for reflection. Because the morning papers used to give him an occasional pat on the- back he no doubt thought that' he was pophlar with the whole Free-trade party in the metropolis. It was pretty ' well known, however, that he was not popular, and that ifi ever he offered himself as a candidate for a metro politan constituency he would not have - the ghost of a chance of being eleottd. There' aro doubtless some positions for which Mr. ' Pulsford is protty well qualified; but there oannot be many people who believe that- he iB a fit and proper person to occupy a- seat in the Legislative Assembly. The calculating machine iu the office of the Government. Statistician would represent an electorate almost as well as the ex-secretary, of the: Free-trado Association. 