ALLEGED THREAT AGAINST PARKES' LIFE. ANOTHER ' KIAMA GHOST.' Truth writes: — 'On the 21st ult. Sir Henry Parkes received a letter signed 'Harry,' intimating that he would be killed ou May 10. The identity of ' Harry ' is suspected, and a warrant for his arrest has been issued.' This is Parkes' latest ' gag ' to try and ' hook on ' to public sympathy, which is fast drifting away from him. ' The identity of 'Harry' is suspected!' This is worse than a lie, because it is only half tlie truth, as the whole truth is known. Now, what are the facts ? A. lunatic fellow, soaked with whisky, went into the bar of a peak hill public house, where he had been boozing for a number of days, and called for a couple of sheets of paper, and there and then in the pre sence of the proprietor and a number of other persons, he, in a spirit of drunken bravado, wrote out on the pub. counter the silly letter to Parkes, intimating that ne would kill the old political dodger on May 17th. Yes, on May the 17th, fixed date, and no delay or respite ! Why, the very style and contents of the letter, and the circumstances under which it was written (well known to Parkes and the police) prove the whole thing to be the outcome of a boozing smvoo. Yet Parkes hurries off to the capitalistic organs with this madman's missive, with as much pleasure as though it were a letter from some 'Dook,' or from 'Her Gracious ' herself. It enabled him to prove to the world that he was as great and important a personage as the Czar of Russia, for were not people seeking to assassinate him ? Of course no man, because he chooses to get drunk, has a right to send threatening letters to Parkes or Sliarkes, or to any other person, public or private. If they do so, they should be punished. But what pother and parade Parkes has made over this paltry affair, in trying to invest THE DRUNKEN FREAK OF A COUNTRY bumpkin with all the mystery of a deep-laid plot to assassinate him, Sir 'Enery, the great white-headed Czar of Australia. The silly old sneak ! One would have thought him too sly to commit the blunder of taking up so flimsy and foolish a position. Never has Parkes appeared a more arrant impostor than in this stupid'business. Ho, Sir 'Enery Parkes, Sir 'Enery Parkes ; the Lord deliver us from Sir 'Enery Parkes ! Prepare for the 17th of May, Sir 'Enery, and ' horder you coffing !' 