il I came to go into the wild sch the world is where I weep sad tears; I was happy, there I am perplexed; was the shade, but there the burning -un: ek a d ' Learn,' ' I love thee' was its text: now, alas ! the lesson is all done. EISTER SERAPH-?NE. d wherefore done? What grief seeks here a balm' k low, through me God listens and be calm. Fu.sNcvs. owell but he is gone from me: sack his ring and I would give s kises if soch thing could be; art while he and I may live; aroud, so stroer, so quiet there ,ached him for his faithlessness; o and kiss her golden hair .....e not the shame of his caress ; ev tosl u:e he was false to all his rows. t loa of me had fled to her sweet face- e il i had kissed me on the lips and brows on swore I made heaven in my place. SI.r-Tn StILtPIIL'.IL ad yoi hbei.eved himt false ? Fns.yres I cannor tell : Ihe, thi,,ught was hitter I shake angrily, ;:t .di the tame I loved him, ab ! so well uol lie not swear un:o his loyalty? Se felys said 'Do you believe it then " W'.: no: all plain I cried, 'I do believe:' i'shat worth to questiont further!' once again ?." ssid. we parteiL at your feet I grieve; ihpi c pl.ce is holy, else I could arise ',i ,.urse them :ls God cursel in Paradise. stER s EtLtPtII?E. i?i, oy :shilL I have a tale to telL :ale that wakens from a buried past ; , ?alder ever heard the sad sea-shell hat umrturs to the sands where it is cast; os :-deep of :ives that lie beneath the foam, t:ings to beat of God's great metronome ; 'I i? e deal it tells unquiet things, f _ecrets buried from all human eyes, f !ie Last strungles, of the souls of kings, p-asnmt; faith and children's lullabies. I messages that never reached their bourne, f those hat left untimely hearts that mourn. \nd here from out that other life of mine I ti.,e a shell and bid it sing to thee; Mark how the tale it tells is like to thine -s vyonder ships are on the quiet sea ; For tiy salke whom I love read again JIv so long voiceless sorrow and my pain. I, who am old with silver in my hair, A sister in this convent by the sea, W\e once as fair as any who are fair \nd lov-ed the world and loved the sun to see : I laughed the days away in hope and pride, Therre was no cloud upon my happy brow ; I am the ghost of that bright self that died A\nt life is graver to my vision now; .,,eo came to crown me, love with Donald ctnle- Ilt wia so heave, the bravest of them all, Fre-h-faced, large-limbed, with strength no man could tame, \:Id voice c'ear-fashioned as a battle-call. It seem,sd at first that Christ had blessed our love, \l! was so sweet so fullof warmth and light ; I .l not know a cloud could hang abore, I could not think that love might know a night. We wandlered by that river in the west \bhichl flows sometimes through parched and weary plains: Whiore e'en the song-birds fall from out their nest iloPire metn's eye's death-smitten when Drought reigns. IWthen love began the plains were full of .innera. The river was o'er arched by living green : \ls made a hunmire places our love bowers, "ials angels guarded and we walked bet i.Thus child it .eemed to me so glsA was I My heart went singing all the aunny day: There was no sign of what cvamel,-.an Ibye, and t. rned the course of all my hopsi away. And so two years had open; of happineas, Of faithinr Donald : like a flaming cross Our love stood out as in a wilderness, Above the shifting sands of human loss ; The time drew near when I should place my hand In his and say, 'Hence forth for thou and I There is one path, one home within the land, One hearth for both till you or I may die.' What wonder that as in a dream I walked? What marvel that I didnot atop to hear The tales they told of reath that silent stal ked Upon the plains where no rain fell that year? Selfish was I, I did not see the sheep Dying in thousands by the empty wells ; These things seemed far off, all I cared to keep Close to me was the .·-;id of wedding-bells: There came on,, ;e? I st that reached my ea . Like th. - .::::so-l . ;i:r :n the deep ravine ; And then o~,re f.::: -:e iu of angry tears Such as ,_.or we'1. i ;e Sinter beraphine. Tears ecre :' s? .ve when another's pin TouchesI st i rht as t.:iae dearehild to-day; Butthen roy c tatuer ,,'emed to melt in rain Ofpassion anld to be.ar my n-oe away. They told nme that .:other face than mine Drew him from mro,, one vai ?c t she aty him kiss Her hand a a a d fter pirldge I,.r in his wine I listene tas onoto . ngrpeoot' s o=o. He had not e'mr.s t:~ for o.:any days. Thestoek he wrote we': ,lying and he staynl To do a thnosanld dutui-: i but lwa.iys lie held me dearly whoo .: great jry maule. Once he hba m etioood h, r. a fo:od? he said Of his dead brother,. ue li. ;e:.,thor k:ept In detar?steem, the cealist ter Wioif?ote And shoe prized themila cnto:o him that slept. Now theirwordsburned toy heart like iron bars. : Was it for her he stayed ?-- ?y chil, he ,till. Listen. theg rave speai .hbt? abobao r:" 't.rs That shine int. the depth ,o knoelan will ; Weep and be still-Mwa it for her he stayed ? E'en as I asked it there he rode between TiLe sandal trees where we our bowers made, . Where we had walked love's slining hosts between ; A moment then before me straight he came With words of pleasure. in his eyes the light Of-love for her? I would -not speak his name, T called him traitor. and his lips grew white. 'A traitor, Helen, that is scarce the wolrd That should be used 'tween snoh as we,' he said; I told him then the tale that I had heard With much mad thought that came into my head ; I would not listen when he tried to speak. His sad face only made me angrier, Mine was a spirit that was never meek In those days, and I said 'Go then to Iher, Give her the heart caught in the quick rebound, Lay at her feet what I am glad to lose;' I did net care how deep I made the woutnd Consent he could not. lie could not refuse, For there I left him, I but heard the word 'Helen' twice spoken, then I saw hinm ride Into the gleaming evening, and a birdl, Omen of ill. fell at my feet and died ; Then my hearted melted and I kissed the wings That death had broken, for that moment I Hal seen my song-bird Love that site and sings In its soft nest o'er true hearts, faint and die. And in the burning watches of that night Repentance grew ; I wished him in my sight. The morning came; a sun of molten red Rose over dying flocks and hopeless men; Now with mine own great sorrow on my head I came to feel for others' griefs again : A lay of doom it seemed, there was no wind To stir the ashen pall upon the tree; It was a day when one woold look behindl To count one's sins and tell one's rosary ; All nature seemed upon the outer brink Of clreamstance in close commerce with Death ; The gaping land fro ".'. '. nought to drink, And all life drew ::: n:! :abored breath ; At. la.st the sun its r." .3: r: ied, nd then The shadows fell : twz.~ ans y heart Went with the -.:--vi i,.:.ld come again ? I eemed to hear .-.ls -. bir :-1i,. 'Apart!' I drove him from i t2. ca::ed him a traltor, set hiim lower than ' m:aneso of mankind; I knew I hono:r.. :ra yed for, lo-ed him yet, And held no :t . th .if dcab: within my mind; I had been mad.. mad with my jealoas fears, Mad as all wou.en are ,,ynetim: ; I longed To weep upon ,:in breast -epentant tears, And make atoneme=t where Iknewlwronged. Who had not felt the anguished soul declare Aeainst the walls that gird existence round ? Who has not tried to find a higher air, And reach beyond all human sight and sound ? To leave the stifling duties of each day. And let the being swell to Naturc'? whole : To strike the bands of circumstance away, And watch the spirit's currents seek their pole? So I in my deep sorrow loned to hbe Afar from all things cre the evening tide. When still the heat rose like a heaving sea From off the ground, my horse was brought to ride: 'Folly' they said. ' to ride in such a sun, Wait for some cooler hour. besides but now Word had come from the North that floods begun Would reach us soonu-what floods meant I should know.' Nor flood nor sun I thought on. and I said 'Good friends, enough. I shall ride,' and I set My face towards the North. and let thought spread To all I woutld remlemer and forget: Hour upon hour I rode. t did not heed Time pass. Life seemed to waver to and from; Now it was strong, now like a broken reed. Now searchine for a pathway in thesnow : Strange thought that in this angry, burning land The inwardnl eye sho,l' sween an icy plain I seemed to stand with Donald hand to hand, Seeking for way into thlb world again; I cried aloud. ' 0 Love, where shall we go ' My answer was a rolling thunder tone No dream was this for clouds had gathered slow Far up the sky while I hna musel alone ! The air was heavy as the hand of Sin ; My poor horse trembled in his weakness, I Had ridden far, too far, my breath within 1 Was quivering like the tumult in the sky : I scanned the plains-a shepherd's hut not far Upon the river banks would shelter give Until the morning, whilelthe skies at war Would shake their passions through their mighty sieve; Rain was a word too blest now e'en to say Without a sign. and so I bent frail knees lepon the threshold of the hut to pray As would one of:misfortune's refuges. Upon a rude couch then I laid me down. And waited for the awful storm to break ; The whole horizon was one mathered frown, And T could hear the battle legions shake Their weanons in the sky to lightninegleam, my But still the rain fell not and darker grew The dust-swept plains: my senses duller erew, I I Aiid ire Ihkneiv my eyes closed to a dream; ad, Av. even while the storm hnur on the edge Of the steep world my eoelids closed in sleep ; I T was so weary-as if Lethe's sedge Were there my resting place, my. donjon al- keep. I dreamed of Donald, dreamed he came again tat And stood beside me, but when I would touch His hand he showed me on it a red stain. And said. ' Lo ! I have loved thee, dear, too to nmuch; I cried out in my helpless agony, 'Donald. 0 Love, come back !' I only knew A rush of waters as a mighty sea Swirled round me and-nah! God but it was true! I walked to find the hut a swaying wreck : To know that now the river was. aflood, And all the plains wave-washed as is a deck By some vast sea, that no ship has withstood!: And I had slept while all the land was swept With writhincelements-Ahl could I find 1My horse! Nay, he hadl better vigil kept, And had fled down the pathway of the wind; What need to tell of how the current drove The mass to which I clung ag aist a tree, And fining refuge in its arms 1 strove To hold my sol in strength for what might be. Ah ! that long night wshen wind and rain blew round The darkened world, and my soul drifted too From pole to pole, while I could hear the sound Of spirit voices all the chaos through; 'Lost, lost,' they cried amid the tempest's roar; One with his voice said o'er and o'er my A thousand seemed to cry, 'No more, no more !' And all their aecentc were of bitter blame. At last. at last. the morning broke, and then The storm ceased and the fighting world grew calm ; The sun shone out o'er all my pain again My pain that never more should know a balm. Slowly the waters climbed about my feet. And myriad thoughts arose of dread and death, The outer 1bounls of being seen'ed to meet Anl crush my spirit to its latest breath: I laughedl a little in my agony, The sun laughed back in very wantonness I cried. Comnte. Donall, come! I give to tihec My last kiss ere I leave life's wretchedness !' I heard the wild-dttck rushing down the sky, A pelicansa sat still upon a limb And gazed all day to see me faint and die. Whiile I prayed to my lod and tharghrtof him. I did not heel the passing of the hours All things seenmed Timelests, but I seaws the sunm Creep to its rest, and then I said, 'Love's bowers, Donald, are dark. and life and love ari done : Then I grew still, how long I cannot tell, I waked to hear a voice across the wave Calling my name-that voice I knew so well, That I should hear though laying in my grave : 'Donald ! ah, love !'-- thought his spirit came To pass with mine behind the sunset bars, And we should be the samne--ah, just the same In the love'gardens closer to the stars: Nearer the voice came, then I saw his fornm It was no spirit, 'God be thanked ' [ cried ; His boat moved slowly, as a ship in storm Breasts the mad wind and struggles with the tide. At Last beside me drew the boat, and I Fell forwardnl to his arms with one glad word ; He kissed me, saying, 'Love, for thee I die,' And then he fell as fell the stricken bird. Blood ! there was blood upon him-on his hand That in my dream I saw held out to me ! His neck was thrust as by a broken brand, His body was bathed in a scarlet sea; I lifted up his head, I kissed him there, I prayed for one word ere he passed away; His dear eyes opened to my anguished prayer, And then he said, 'I loved you dear alway, There was none other-it was all untrue, They wronged me, but I prove my honor, so ; The broken branch that pierced meseals it too For ever-kiss me dearest ere I go;' And so he died : and all that day his head I held anti smoothed lhgshair spa. his brows I could not come to think that he w\id'v d 'd I told him o'er again my loving vows; We drifted o.t, silent through silent space, Like spirits floaling on an ether sea; They found us in the morning face to face And took me from him who had died for me. No need to tell how death fell on him, how With a bold swimmer's strokes he fought the tide To reach the boat that is his coffin now- - Hlow the branch pierced him-- close, child, to my side ! Let me drop one tear on that ancient grief, It is is all right, perhaps, God knows the best; 'Tis that alone that gave my heart relief; I keep my place here, and he keeps his rest. I left the world, I built this convent home, Here I have lived through thirty changeless years ; Here, as one watches a swift sea in foam, So watch I all poor human strifes and fears ; Speak to me, chill, is then thy lesson done, Is love to be to thee a setting sun ? FRANCEs. I am grown wiser, ?i?ter Scraphine, To-day I shall send for him and shall make Pardon my plea. StrstE SE?RAPHINE Now Hleaven is good ; betwcen Me and that life the new life's folds I shake ; They shall not stir again, none other be So near the dead self that your sweet eyes see, 