©rigittal fj apm. READERS— THEIR DUTIES AND STUDIES. (Continued from last Month.') PART II. Of my paper has to deal with a more difficult subject, viz., the ' Studies of a Reader.' Just one word by way of introduction on the general lie of the question with which I am now concerned. On the one hand the reader, if he is to give satisfaction at the annual examinations, must look much to theological doctrine ; and, on the other hand, if he is to give satisfaction to his people, he must at least keep pace with them on social and kindred questions. I deem this of greater moment since the present time appears to demand that we look not only at the dootrinal side of Christianity, but also at its social side. I do not, indeed, intend to infer that he should openly identify himself with any one side in preference to another ; nor do I mean that he should be hasty in denouncing this proposal, or in praising that. What I intend to say is, that he should remember that Christianity does not, as part of her mission, sketch out or enforce any industrial system or institution. ( Her mission is, as one has said, lo establish a perfected society or a Kingdom of God, of which the ideal is, to make use of an expression of Plato, 'laid up in Heaven,' from which she ia endowed with power and furnished with regulating, principles, wherewith to test the value of proposed recon structions of society. But I have not now to deal with these. As there is no good text-books on this subject (the best wiihin our reach being the ' Fabian Essays' and such as ' Looking Backward,' none of which embodies that form of Socialism which is most at one with Christianity), I would suggest that for the benefit of the readers some one of those at whose feet we are being brought up should prepare a paper to be read at our next Archidiaconal Council Meeting. 1 come now to his compulsory studies. As readers when, first entering upon their duties have been instructed only in the rudi ments of the faith once delivered to the Saints, and have not gone through any previous theological discipline, I shall picture one just entering upon those duties. From the very first he is confronted with the ugly fact thatjn_addition to work in his district, he has to study certniu subjeets^.Jo^.his 'e^ammation, and to fit him for admis sion to Holy OrJt^rs.^^^^^^t^X'Qoks before him. How is he to begin? His abnify/fo set aboSK^ik/vvill, of course, be dependent benefit from consui&ng; a-pawinin thV^^Mterary Churchman' con tributed by the\RAVv( Charles ''^rae, jwhsch led me to make the following f our-f old a^iaron^ of my smdie^ j— (a). Dogmatic.TheologyyJ.*-~p»-'r-;'- J ' (&). Systematic Study of. 'Hoiy^SjMptm^ (English: #3 Greek.) (c). Christian Evidences. .''?'' ''* . ????V.I'- ? : ?; ... (d). Other Subjects.— Ecclesiastic )1 History, The Prayer Book, etc ' The subjects enumerated under these various headings are so ' closely allied that they run into one another, and so, if the student have not had some adequate knowledge of the one, he will be greatly hamppred in the study of others. Let me begin with (a) Dogmatic Theology. Nature and Conscience bear witness to God. Man is, therefore, brought into relation, , though dim, yet real, to a God who can be known. Dogmatic Theology begins, says Gore, in the analysis of this fundamental relation— in the doctrine, that is, of the Being of God, and the nature and destiny of man. Keeping this before bis mind's eye, the reader will at once see that this is the precise course of his study of the exposition of the Thirty-nine Articles, arid if he is alive to this his studies will be made not only profitable but pleasurable — because thorough, so far as he goes. Keeping in this course he will consider God as (1) the rerum tenax vigor (to use the opening words of an ancient Church Hymn) or persistent energy of things ; the Inner Unity of Force and Life in Nature (which lnst word we use ns an 1 unscientific a'nd imaginative synonym for the siim total of observed phenomena,' and (2) he will recognise Him as the One Lord, One Governor and Judge, as in all things as their life, and independent of all things as their Creator. Then, with regard to the Nature and Desliny of Man, the reader in the study of the Articles will consider him as : — (a). In his very essence dependent on God. (&)? In virtue of his will and conscience which lighteneth every man that coineth into the world, responsible to God. (c). Expressing his instinct of relation to God in prayer — and this leads on to (d). His immortality, his expecting in the life beyond the grave the judgment of God. All this will launch him into seeing that this fundamental relation ship of God and man has been violated and disordered by sin ; seeing which, the reader will be prepared for the Ninth Article which distinguishes between paradosis or actual sin, and hamartia or original sin, i.e., defect of nature. He will then proceed to consider Revelation. The Creator, in restoring man, ' discloses His own nature, not exactly as the com plete unveiling and communication of the nature of God, but in the light of man's face, as the means that God has devised that His banished should not be expelled for ever from Him ;' he will see how this self-revelation becomes clearer and clearer, until it finds its culmination in the Incarnation, when the Word, who from all eternity is in the form of God, lays aside His divine glory, and making Himself of no reputation, becomes flesh, takes humanity into Himself, and thereby makes the uaveiling of His true character plain and unmistakeable; and all this to '?' recreate man and give him afresh start,' or, 'as it has been said, 'to re-capitulate the long development of humanity into Himself, and be to it a new fountain head, the source of a new life to all of every age, who will accept Him as their Master, and who desire to have that human life' which is instinct with Godhead growing and increasing in them.' He will now have reached that point in his (studies when a palpable ('if I may use this word) or definite certainty will be impressed in his mind on those means instituted by our blessed Lord for the growth and increase of His life in His followers/ This conception of the Incar nation, too, will necessitate his subscription to all the doctrines embodied in the Athanasian Creed. (1). The consubstantiality of the Word with God in His Divine j Nature. j (2). The perfection of the humanity which He assumed. (3). The continued unity of the human and divine natures in the one unchanging Person. (4). The permanent consubstantiality with us in our human nature of the exalted, and glorified, and eternal Christ, which is evident, as Bishop Browne says, from three considerations : — \- (1). The nature of that union. (2). The purpose or end of that union ; and . (3). The assertion of Scrip! ure concerning that union ; that He is 'consecrated for evermore' is a ' priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.' ' \ Before leaving the doctrine of the Incarnation, he should consider the Holy Spirit as — (1). The agent of the Incarnation. (?2). Perpetuating the fruits of it, through the Sacraments, in the Church. Before leaving this subject of study, I shall just name some of the works irom which I have derived great assistance, in addition to those set for examination. Yonge's Creed (Apostles'), Cloquet's Exposition of the 39 Articles, and Sadler's Sermons (especially those on the 'Power of the Cruci fixion,' and that of the ' Ascension ;' and the one on ' Reconcilia tion and Salvation'). I have also read with advantage Wesley's Sermons, particularly that on '-The Trinity,' '? The Fall of Man,' ' The Case of Reason Considered,' Original Sin,' and others.. II. On the systematic study of Holy Scripture I have not time to say much. My best guide in this has been Dr. Pentecost's small volume entitled ' The Pleasure and Profit of Bible Study.' This book, which is very- cheap (eighteen pence being the cost of it) I would recommend to all readers. It not only keeps one on the alert in the study of the Scriptures, but affords weapons for combating opponents of the authenticity of them ; better even than many volumes published under more pretentious names. Here we are re minded that the Bible has, so to speak, body, soul and spirit, answering respectively to the mere letter, the doctrinal truth, or mind of God which we should aim at discovering, and lying beneath these the real life of Scripture. Here, too, we have the Scriptures likened to the temple, with its outer court, its holy place, and its holiest of all. and' so they have their outward casual readers, and their high-priestly readers, who go into the Holy of Holies, ' where God Himself shines in their hearts to give them the light of the knowledge of His glory in ihe face of Jesus Christ.' Many of the chapters in this book might be taken as companions to some of Browne's articles, and certainly might be considered as supplements to some of the chapters in Row's ?' Christian Evi dences.' In preparing the individual books set for examination, the reader has, of course, to use his judgment; but I would suggest that he read the particular book carefully through, in order to get a cle;ir idea of the central truth of the main line of teaching contained in it, before troubling himself with notes ; and when he does commence the study of the notes I think it not wise to confine himself to one commentator for the gospel and epistles set for the ensuing examina tion. I think Sadler's.commentaries might be used advantageously side by side with those almost universally consulted. Sadler's style is such as to fix the matter permanently in the mind, and that with but little difficulty. When the reader has once been through the annotations and com ments, he will be prepared to comprehend with little or; no difficulty the analysis of the particular book, which is placed at the com mencement of all good and complete commentaries. Those in the '' 1 ' Cambridge Bible' and Ellicot's series are generally considered to be excellent. The whole book, I need scarcely say, is ,fixed in the - mind when the analysis are mastered. The candidate's reading must, however, be (1) copious ; what I mean is, that he should read the Bible widely. 'Eat, 0 friends, drink, yea, drink abundantly should be his motto; (2) it should be consecutive, to enable him to get a knowledge of the whole Book; (3) it should be regular, and in order to get a comprehensive intellectual view of his subject, he should redd (4) topically. To this end (5) a good Bible is one of the best things we can get. A ' Ba ster ' or ' Teachers' Bible,' with concordance and Bible t elpa will be found to be of great value. The analysis of the book placed after the introduction in the Cambridge and Ellicot Bibles should, I have said, be mastered, but the reader will know best when he can use this with most advan tage. I always do it after the first careful perusal of the text, and then mark the book according to the analysis during the second reading (always, however, marking from .memory, and then comparing.)* ' ' . Analysing the book or subject is, I think, one of the greatest helps in our studies, whether of Browne's Articles, Row's Evidences or Daniel's Prayer Book. Time will not allow me to give an analysis of any of the articles according to Bishop Browne's treatment, nor, yet of a chapter of Row's Evidences ; I shall, therefore, content myself by giving that of a part of the Prayer Book. Let me take the Sacraments ; regarding them each as an qflicax signvvi, we can formulate in regard to each. — (1). The special grace communicated. (2). The matter, or outward arid visible sign. (3). The form or necessary words. ; (4). The necessary minister. (5). The person who can receive it — (Hore). Take Baptism as an example : — '?'?',] (a). The special grace communicated is the grace of regenera- ; tion, or incorporation into Christ by the Spirit, and its accompanying privilege of forgiveness of sins. (b). The outward visible sign-water. ' \ : (c). The form of necessary words—- (I baptize thee) ' in the -' name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost.' {d). The necessary minister — valid even when administered by a layman (reader). (e). The person who can receive it — one not already baptised. The order of confirmation may be analysed in the same way, as well as other parts of the Prayer Book, with excellent results. 