WITHOUT A MOTHER €~--L SYNOPSIS. CHAP.ER I opens with an account of a grand ceremony at loskyln. The heir of Rosyln Castle, a weak ecnsumptive man was married to Wiihlmina, daughter of the Vicar of Rosyln. ' Among the bridesmaid was Ethel Ap. Tenlyn the village belle, with whom Sedley Douglas, brother of the bridesr groom fell in love, he o!so has an ardent lover, Vanessa, the companion of hi. mothersand his two sisters. After themar. riage, the newly united couple set out for Italy to spend tihe honeymoon. CtHAP'E I-.-Ten months afterward' Sedley Doagles receivrs a letter informing him that hishrother is dead and Ihas left a baby girl, and the Coueetrs is very ill in Italy. His emotion on receiving this letter is one of deadly hate against the little babe. who alone stands between him and the Earldom of 0 lendo'er. CHAPTER. II.-Vanessa conceiees a plot to rid Sedley of the object of his hatred. The widowed Counters employes Ethel as nurse for herself and infant ard Ethel aereesto drstroy the young Countess on condition that Sedley will mirry her. CHAPTERIV.-Sedley accompanied by Ethel perorde.o Ito?y, and m.kcs aranuge meats for the return hem-. They tart in a sailing vessel, Ethel determines to throwa the child overboard, during the return trip. CHAPTER V-One night on going to the at-erage part of the vessel, Ethel heard a a low:moaning. and on investigating, focnl that Bridget Rocre, an lrlsl woman and the ,inoth'er of twins, a few weeksold, had unfor tunnately smothered the girl in her sleep. she consents to exchange the dead for the living child, and drew up an agreement with an account of the transaction, a copy of which eachkept, Then, arraying the dead in silk and laces of the Irfant ounutees, Ethel watching her oppo'tunity cast it into the waves. Attempts were made to rescue it but were unavailing. The shock catrei Wilhemina to burst abloed vessel in her lung', and upset her reason, UHAPA I, Vlr.--Ethel was drugged and ta\en to Turkey, whe:e she was purchased by the Sultan, and so:nbeceme one of his wives. When Wilhemina arrired at Dover, she was met by Sledley Douglas, now the Earl of Glendowir, who sends her to private asylam. CHg PTER VII.-Venessa, as Sedley be eame E. of G., claimed his hand as a reward for her servic:s, and bymeans of threats of exposue forces him to accept her as his bride. CHAPTER VIII.-Frank Frere, a sailor, and Ethel's former lover, after Ethel's de sertion of him, married Cherry Cheke. her cousin, and sometime after a baby boy is born while Frank is away on a voyago. CHAPTER IX.-tithel fell ill in Turkey, and determined, that if she recovered, sh' would restore the child of the late Earl of Glendower to its proper p1 lce, but when she did recover, she found that the document was gone from its usual place (irn a bag fastened in the bosom of her drees). CHAPTER X.-Ten years have pasoed since Vanessa Deville became Lady Glen dower. Bridget Roche with a husband and family Eettled in tlh smll filhing village of Warkworth near Walkworth Castle. Minnie ;has grown into a eautifulgirl of 10, and her twin brother Rory is as unlike her as posrib!e, CHAPTER XI.-Walknworth Castle was the property of the Earl of Glcndower, and the residence of the Countess and her children during the summer m" n hs. CBHAPTFR XII.--lhe Earl's family con sisted of four girls, tihe two eldest calleIl VanIss? a nd Beatrice and the young Duke of Castoville, Sharps St. Maur, Cousin of the Duke also spend his holidays'at Warkwora?l Castle." CHAPTER X II --One day, Lady Glen dower was driving on the sands with her favourite daughter, Vanessa. who was a de licate, s'iahtly deforme t girl of 13, when the ponies took fright and bolted. Minnie awl her brother Rory ran oct and stopped them. Profuse thlnks and an invitation to the Cast'e followed. CHAPTER XIV.--When Minnie went to the Castle Vanessa became much attached to her and Algernon the young duke fell in ore with her. CHIAPTER XV.--Minnie is instal'ed as "companion governess" at Warknworth Castle. After she had been there about six years, the priest came one evening and t ok her home to Bridget who had betn kuoc?ed, down and hurt by her heabond. CHAPTER XVI -Birdlgt e'che died, leaving in Minnie'as han s a small hox, con taining the agreement of the transaction with Ethel: CHAPTER XVII.-Minnie was taken ill at Bridget's death, and Peggy Potts, known as Saucy Peg, the daughterof a neighbouring bfshermin came and nu-sed her; findling rn the floor the little box given by Bridget to IMinnie, she put it in ;er dress to leep for Minnie till she reco cred. ' auoy Peg went out fishing next morning wilh her father and brothars, and had not re: nrned when a storm arose, canse:g great anxiety to be felt on chore. CHAPTER XVIII -Vanessa, Counters of "Glendower, determined that the Duke of Castlevi le ehould marry her daughter Vanessa, end therefore re rolved not to take Minnie beck as eoverness. CHAPTER XIX -' h rry CI:eke who married Frank Frere had anr uncle who was very rich but a great rmiser, when he felt he was failing in health he wrote and asked Cherry to come no to his house in London. CHAPTER. XX.-Cherry with her baby and nurse went to London to her uncle Strangway's where she found numerous other relations gathered around in hope of getting something in the old man's will. CHAPTER XXI.--The other relatives, especially Miss Dolly, the housekeeper, were very jealous of Cherry and more somr s as aodiously wafti g ft r his demise nt l the opltiong of that predous decirment on wlce, heng ali their hope". OHAPTER XXIV. (ljntinued.) : Whenever trhey walked out together the same opinion was formed, yet Jesey never jresumed onit, nor appeared awary of i', but' wss all meekoees and Eubmi0sion, with hier downcast eyes, her low, sweet voice, and gout'e, quiet ways. Both Joe and Jerry Strangwayo,' thr inkrupt iattorneys, were v:ry great ad. mirers of beauty, and very free in their ideas about iwomen. They had bhoth fallen in love (after the fashion' of sucb' inmn)ith pretty Jessy Snow, and bad not casy reprat:dly acnosted her in'heir early nles'i;n Waterloo.bridgo with the baby, hetlhad, before old Strsngnways illness, madeo.their way once or twice, each up iato hbo nursery under pretence of inquir. iog after the child.' ' ' - As they:: were very gro:t liars'and boaselo:s, and each gave Jessy to under- I a'nd tlat he was inre:of a gool share of v old ltrangr.ays' olosal fortune,'it. is :ao 'I imponsaibte Jes.y may have had some idea that by captirvating one.of ieria she.might attiu, the objodt of 'er' ambitoldi,' aod biecome a'lad, or, as' she dtyled it, mna'ry to her carriage, and have a gold watch at her aide, a maid to brush her hl-r, a b fo tao to rrait on her, and a firc in her )e bedroom; but if ro, all opportunities of i seting them' wera pit a stop to when old Strrsgwoys became so ill that the two qttortoys were denied admission, std ??bee was so muhob extra work.that Jessy could not bicpiraid'ten' to take the baby 9ut for a wa'k, though;Oherry did 9ge0a 9 ly take him out for an hour while Jerry uppled her place in the sick room. 'fhrcn weeks had passed since cld trangways' fit. A.iss Dolly was con ,aleseent rod had paid her first visit to her uncle's sick room. He was sitting up by his fire in an easy.chair. tIe was in excellent sp'rits, .nd didnotlook much the worse for his attack. The sun was shining brightly, and countless church bells far and near were ringingin the clear frrsty air, andseemed like glad voices inviting the world-stained and weary to their Father's house. Cherry was very anxious *to go to church this bright morning, and as Miss Dolly proposed remaining some hours with her uncle and seeing to his dinner, Cherry resolved to attend Divine tr vice. The church she bad fixed on was at some distance, but a popular preacher, of whom the had heard a great deal, was to preach a farewell srrmon, and Cheery as the day was so fine, though she should enjoy a iong, brisk walk, after her pro 'rneted confinement in the dull'old house in Stnmfor3-s:reet. Cherry had no misgivings, for she had left her baby with Jessy, who seemed to doat on it, and her great uncle, to whom she had become much attached, was under the care of Miss Dolly. The walk to St Pancra', took her a good hour. The service lasted two hours, and as she left the church .she met with an old Rosyln friend anti schoolfellow, who had married and was living close by. She persuaded Chery to go home with her and share their tempting Sunday r dinner, just com?efrim the oven. It was Sa lon of roast pork, savoury with the steam of sage and! on'ons, and surrous dad by ma'hede potatoes temptingly brovned, and aple sauco. :Cheray, who never had half enough at old Strag ways', was really hungry, and thorougly enjoyed her dinner; but she hurrio I away in great anxiety to get back d to her baby and her uncle, when aEh a found it was halfpast two, and heard the bells going for afternoon service. To add to her distress Cherry lost her 5 way more than once on her ro.:dback, and so it happened that it was past four o'clock when she reached .Stamford strr et. Cntrry's nerves had been a gcol deal shaken by the shook of old Strangwaf's fit and her long confinement to the house. This may account for the strange pref sentiment of evil, the creeping d e d or s-me indefirito horror, that shook he , frame and hlnnched her cheek, as she knocked at the door of the old Q. C's f house, S She repeated athat knock twieo before any one answered the door. At last Anne, g the maid-of.all-work, lether in. By the light of the door-lamp Cherry saw that d Anue,s face was red and swollen with Scrvind. i ' What's the matter Anne ? Forheaveno's is sake 'pouk i My baby d ' Baby's all richt, ' sobbed Anne,' but -r master-poor, desr, blessed master ' Is he worse ? gasped Cherry. s ' He's gone, dear, blessed lamb,' sobbed d the maid. r ' Gonel Not dead Anne?' ' Yes, ma'am. .I was jost-getting the a tray reridy for his dinsae, when I heard o Miss Dolly screrm, and the bell ring wiol ant, and I rushed upsti-s, ecreeching a good 'un. Master was lying on the floor in afit-I rays a fit. but I'm tellin you lies; he was dead I Dr Tredgold or came in lesa than five minutes, but le said e- nothing could be slone, that life was ns i" quint, that he died without paol, poI d1 el-at.and all wur fur the best. Poor Miss Dolly's like a mad cretur; but lie, poor dear, le's laid out on his bed ; but we're to expecting a shell. lie's in one of his best frilled shirts, end lie do look lovely; a but he'll have a s.roud afore night for Mr Joe Strangwaysis here, and his bnzzam s friends is Pall and Plume, the great ih undertakers in Fleet-street, and to oblige xllthem thoe've promised, though it be Sun k day, that the shell and shroud shall be i, here to-night, and that all shall be done in grand s'yle, as moderate as may be n, d s seeon as possible, for fear bad weather should set in. But what's the naatter, mua'an?' I Cherry could not reply. The shock had been too great; for the first time in her life she had fainted. Dr Trengold, faring for Miss Dolly's cr reason, so territle was her grief and so ot wild her desp-ir, lhad a dministered a d powerful sediative directly he saw the ex cn ited storeof the unfortunate spinster. nHe was a c'ever, daring, but very ,f young p'actitioner, newly tattled in f btamfor.l. ltreet. He was just begin r ning to despair of ever gettng any patients in that dreary forsaken , quarter, in spits of a large Irisa platL a with 'Dr Tredgold Surqeoi' en:graved thereon, and a very briglh: ruby and emerald-co!ocr-d lamp over hiso door, when to 'lis rerprise and delight he was coilled up at three a. m., to atfend to Miss Dolly, who had noticed his brass plate and red and green lamp,,sd who, apprehending suffocation: felt there was no time to be lost, Dr Tredgold said to himself that he was indeed in luck, and thatit never rains but it pours.' whenjust as he left Mies Dolly, whom he had triated wisely and who was much rilieved by lil active remedies, old Strangways' f!i of apopl xy Eccured him the wnalthy miser us patient. [t was no fault of Dr Tredgold's that another fit of apoplexy had ennsued. The young doctor had been unramitting in his attentions. Four or five times a day he had visited the old Q. 0, and Miss Dolly his only patient), and he had reason to be proud of his treatment of both, for they were decidedly convalescentwhen Cherry Frere had set out to go to St Paicras Church on Sunday worning, No one knew how clt Strangrayse lhad been taken, or what had caused the fit. Miss Dolly could only scream and shriek-she could explaii nothing, but Jessy, ,who was passing at the time,setid she had heard Mr Strangwaeys voice raisped to a very high pitch, as if he were in a. ewering pasiion, and 1iss Dolly's answeringhim in an equally excited rannsr, SThe news of the old man's death had soon reached the ears of the long. excluded expectants and legacy hunters, who were ever on the watch. They wore all admitted sow, for when the door opened to allow Dr Traedgold ,to go out, Joe Strangways, rwheo was onr the steps with his brother, wilb tie help o3easy, forced 'the door open, in spiteof Ann 's efforts to close it, andd-Mrs B1bll,Mr sind Miss Slink, and Mr Slide slipped in after them. Miss Dolly, who lay in an' opiate e slumber in her bed, was in no position a to oppose or eject the invaders, nor I had she now sany authority to do so. I Cherry, who was by this time recovered from the great shock she had received 1 and the swoon into which she had fallen, felt that her power was gone with him who had ordered her to exer cise it. No one knew who was master or mistress in that old, dingy, tumble. down house until old Strangwaya' will was read, and that, they all agreed, could not be till after the funeral. So the two attorneys, Joe and Jerry Strangways, said that, as the nephews of the dear deceased, they felt it to be their duty to establish themselves in the house, and to give all necessary orders about the funeral. They remarked that though Dolly had been in a manner adopted by their beloved uncle, and was the child of his eldest brother, they, as the sons of his ytungest brother, were as nearly related to him, anl must act for her as well as themselves now that she was to ill to take any part in the necessary arrangements. They hoped that, in any case, Mrs Freroe would remain with her; child and nrse till the will was read, and that Mrs Ball, Mr and Miss Stink, and Mr Slide would take a last look at the dear remains if they felt equal to so great a trial, and that then they would return to their own homes, to re-assemuble in that room on the day of the funeral,' Which sad ceremony, for the sake of all parties,' Mr Joe Strangways added. 'he would accelerate as much as possible.' I only take upon myself, in conjunct. tion with my brother, to act as one in authority, my dear friends, pro tem.,' he said, 'and because, as some one most do so, I thinkthe' eldest nephew of the dear departed would be wanting in love for his late uncle and respect for him. self. if he did not act as a son by one who had been as a father to him.' Here he took out his pocket-hanker. chief, but only to wipe a dry eye. 'But, mark me, me dear friends. I only act thus until my beloved uncle's willis known. Latterly he had with drawn from me that close and daily confidence of which I was once so t proud, and of his last testanentary arrangements I am as ignorant as you are. I think so careful a man and so clever a lawyer must have made a will, and I will write at once to his solicitors t Messrs Underhand and Overreach, in whose hands he has,of course, deposited • t; but, if not-if, reckoning of time so unhappily denied him-he has put it off till too late, then the law takes the matter into its own wise, even hand. The law makes the will for the deceased, and while I believe all his kin in that case come in for a share of his person al property, I know that the near'st d relative inherits his landed estate; bu;t, d as not an acre is entailed, and my lste lamented uncle obtained every inch of the land he held by the sweat of his brain, he may have left it to any one of Syou,or to public charities ii he choose, e and till we have paid him the last hon ours we must remain in ignorance. I w:ll see the undertaker at once, n and let you all what is the earliest t day he can, fix for the ceremony. Till e that day farewell. But, e'opf Do a you wish to see him I I hear he looks like one asleep-so calm, so happy. No one wished to see the - old Q.O. d in his winding-sheet, for no one really e cared for him, and so they departed, gloomy, silent, and in intense anxiety. k herry Frere, much distressed at the sudden death of one who had been so kind to her and her child, re solved to nerve herself to look on the o face of the dead before the old man was a shut out for ever from all human eyes She determined that she would see him once more, and for the last time. ' I am too ill and nervous to-night,' she said to herself, 'but to-morrow morning I will kiss his kind face, and pray to heaven to have mercy on his soul.' Before ten o'clock a shell had been smuggled in by Joe's undertaker friends, Pall and Plume. Joe Strang ways had called, on them and ordered one directly heard of his uncle's death. A shroud had also had been provided, and two women whose office it was to' lay out' bad done their ghastly duty. They had proposed and in tended to sit up all night with the dead ;but Joe Strangways considered it a useless expense, and dismissed them. 'People who pretend to watch the deed .often get drunk and set the house on fire,! he said, 'I shall sit up all night myself, or only lie down on the drawing-room sofa, and- I will look in occasionally on the dear de parted during the night, I haveno fear hut of the rats, and I'll keep them off.' It was midnight, .and Oberry was just getting to bed, 'when Jessy, to whom'she hfad:heen talking; to try to keep up her qowp spirits, told her tnat Mr Joe had sent away the death watchers,' and that there was no sitting up with the dead. STo- the 'couitry..bred Jeesy, tihe seemed .a dreadful thing, and Oberry was as full as Jessy of the suporstt:ons I of.her clasreand county. The poiular I beliefin Roslyn was that the Enemy of man lies in wait for and carries off 'theioul' of the departed if the body lis left ounytphe dsriing the first night I of death. Oherr, tried to'sleep, but this idea I haunted her, The deceased had been very kind to her-shnbelieved be had I altered his willinher favor-and now t he was lying defenceless in the room i below and she could watch by him, and a perhaps, save him from eternal per dition and 'grip 'of the Evil One and she; ungrateful and cowardly,'was b ging there, yhen her presence might ii put Sitan toight. Jessy and baby were fast asleep by i his time, in-a little bed at the other I end of the room. The night-light had accidentally gone out, but the fog had leered away, and the full moon was bhiing brightly in a dear, frosty sky. After a somewhat protracted struggle between conscience and terror, Cherry yielded to the promptings of the in ward moni:or,ahe slipped quietly out of bed, put on a warm petticoat, a flannel dressing-grown, and her fur-lined velvet slippers, took the key, which had been in her possession ever since she had installed herself in the old Q O's room as his head nurse, and stole quickly down stairs. The moonlight flooded the staircase and landing. She looked from the broad window on the stairs up at the quiet sky, in whose translucent azure the stars were shining, and she thought of her husband, and wondered whether he could see that moon and those stars and then she prayed fervently to heaven for his safe and prompt return. After his she gently put the key in the lick of the door of her uncle's room, and closing it noiselessly, found herself alone with that ghastly and stolen presence-the dead. The room would have been quite dark, but for two round holes cut in each old-fashioned shatter. Through a these holes the moonlight streamed t down like a gush of silvery water on t the shell, or slight inner coffin, placed 1 on chairs by the side of the four-post bed. A sheet was thrown over the shel, and the sharp outline of the marked a features of her great-uncle was lighted a up by the moon. There was a strong smell of burnt vinegar, pastilee, and rue and rosemary in the room. It was sickly and over a powing. Cherry felt cold and faint, t but she sank on her kness to pray. The room the was in was old e Strangways' sleeping room, but ad joining it was a small dressing room. e fis bureau, his desk, and his iron safe were there, and Cherry, who had, while nursing her great-uncle, always kept the outer door of the dressing room locked, was terribly startled when while still kneeling between the bed and the colfia, she heard a grating sound and stealthy steps moving about o in the adjoining room. The door of communication between the bedroom and the dressing.room was a not quite shut, and Cherry, while horror sent the hot blood surging up to .a her head and face, rose quietly from ter n knees, crept behind the thick, faded old d moreen curtains of the bed, and thought with unutterable terror what it might be her fate should burglars, ate a tracted by the report of old Strang ways' wealth and death, have broken in the ill.-protected house, and got into the adjoining room. Should they discover her retreat, surely they would st murder her. In that moment of supreme horror her great courage and presence of mind ,f did not desert her. She remembered is that old Strangways always kept a pair of of loaded pocket revolvers in a sort of leathern pouch by the heed of his bed. Cherry felt for the pouch, found it, and po.sessed herself of one of the res , volvers, and thus armed, she awaited tthe worst that could befall her-fo 11 that some one was moving stealthily a about and tampering with locks in the adjoining dressing-room she now felt quite certain, and in this conviction she was confirmed by the sudden appear y ance of a line of bright light in the op. posite wall, and the sound of two men speaking under their breath. e We must leave Cherry hidden up in n the bed curtains, but pistol in hand, and nerved for the worst, while we e ascertain what was going on in the old s Q O's. dressing-room, and who the intruders really were. a We have said that Joe Strangways had arranged to pass the night in , the drawing-room, sitting up or lying v on the sofa as he felt inclined, and that toexcuse his sending away the death.. watchers he had said he would look in on the deceased unring the night, to make sure he was not atta:ked by the r rats. Jerry Strangways was to pass the night in a small spore bedroom down I steirs, Now, Joe Strangwaye, in spite of all he had said to the expectaute, and all the ignorance he had aflected, knew perfectly well that his uncle Lad made a will, and he knew, too, that his brother and himself had only a legacy of five hundred pounds each left them in that will. Joe Strancwayewas very intimate with a clerk of Underband and Overreach's -an unprinciepled fellow, who for a sioall consideration and a grrat promise, tld all he had been all to ascertain by applying his ear to the keyhole of the inner otice when old S'r.sngrays had called last at Messrs Underhand and Overreach's offit:A. He knew, too,'that the old Q.O. had taken the will away with him, to read it over and rflece'upon it at his leisure, and he had arranged to call again with it at the end of the week, in order to have it consigned to his solicitor's 'irone irntresafe, The will ha4 beeq , the clerk said, duly signed, sealed, and witnessed, and he believed a codicil had been added, bh whieh some female, who name he could not catch, was made sole executrix and residuary legatee. 'bhe name you could not catch, you deaf bo'd coon, as Cberry Frere,' said Joe Straigways, livid with rsge, 'That accursed women will be my ruin I'. :: When'Joe . said this he had no idea his uncle ias .sRnear bis end hb? qs he was always on (be watchba he knew that he had been to his soliitor abhoqt his will and, indeed, he paid secret but very aseid. ous court to JaOsy, not only becaute sheewas so pretty and encouraging, hbut because hecould Ond out from her of his unolo's and Cherry Frere's proceed lougs, Now, Joe was, a cold selfish fellow, I and an arch-plotter, and he no sooner ! heard of his uncle's sudden death and Miss Dolly's state ,than be formed a, 1 plan which he resolved to carry out although by so doing his brother's .in 4 terests were completely sacrificed. 'I will get into the old screw's dress- I ing-room in the dead of the night,' he said to himself, 'and I will find and destroy that will. The old bird was a I great will-maker. His solicitors well know that he has made and burnt five or six wills, The ashes of this his last accursed will and testament will be found in the grate of his dressing room, and, of course, no one will doubt for a moment that in a fit of caprice or anger he destroyed it him self. Thus, dying intestate, I, his eldest nephew, am his heir at lanw, and as long as I get all his real t estate I am content that the rest should have whatever share a of the personality the law awards 1 them.' With this object in view, Joe 1 Strangways dismissed the death watchers. It would not have suited him So have them in an adjoining room d while he was at his dark night's work. He locked the door of the e dressing- room and kept the key, and n atone, a.m., he stole in his stockings h upstairs in the dark, and quietly let d himself into the dressing-room. n He remembered that a gas-burner d was hung jnst above the toilet--table, it and that there were matches at hand. He groped his way to eheglass, and felt for and found matches. He d applied one to the gasburner. A bright d light blazed up, revealing his own livid wicked face, and by its side the equally it livid and wicked one of his brother y Jerry. r- The two men stared at each other, t, and then Joe hoarse with passion said ' What the deuce do you want here I' Id 'I dsresay our errands are the same,' 1\. said Jerry. 'I want to see uncle's will,' said Joe. fe 'So do I,' said Jerry, , ' I see what you're up to,' said Joe. rs 'You're bent on forging a codicil in your own favor. n Jerry had a small bottle of ink and d pen in his hand. ig 'And you,' said Jerry, 'you're bent at on destroying the will altogether, that you may inherit all the estates as heir hi at-.law and next of kin.' as ' Don't try to spoil my little game, cl Jerry,' said Joe. 'It's the only safe to one, and I'll make it worth your while er to help instead of hindering me. Id Don't oppose my burning that will, and td you shall have a third of whatever I at inherit as - heir-at-law. You don't r, know that old Skinflint added a codicil to his will last month.' in 'Yes I do-in favor of a woman to Oherry Fr re, of course.' 'You could only have heard that from id th cursed traitor, Biles.' 'Of course not.' or 'What did you pay him for the infor td mation ' ed 'A fiver down, and a promise of fifty ,r when I inherit whatever the old screw of has left me.' d. 'The very bargain the scoundrel t, made w'th me ! But we're wasting ,e precious time. Do you agreer ed 'I'll draw it up, and you must sign it. 'Be quick, then; but where is the ly will I expected to find it in the safe, be and I coaxed pretty Jessy to steal the It key for me.' be 'I guessed itwas in the bureau and I r. coaxed pretty Jessy to steal the key for me. I was right, for here it is!' ; 'Here's your ticket' said ;Jerry, much excited, holding out the agree in ment signed. d The other read it, said 'All right, re and put it carefully in a pocketbook, Id which he placed in his breast pocket, 1e 'Now then,' said Joe, 'here goes I' He had taken the will out of the iron ca'e, and was just going to )old it in to the gas-burner when a sound be. tween a moan and groan met his ear. it Jerry heard that strange noise, too. It came from the adjoining room. ' If I believed in ghosts,' faltered \- Joe,' [should say the spirit of the old screw was abroad, and groaning to frighten us from. our purpose. But heres goes!' Three louder groans, however, ar il res'ed his trembling hand, and Jerry, 1 who had lighted a candle he had brought w't' him, said- ' Let's find out what's up in there. r Dolly or Weaver, perhaps, walking in a their sleep. Some one there must. be, and we must know who it is.' L:vid with terror, and trembling in every limh the twostole softlv into the bedroom,Jerry fiolding thecandle. At first they could see nothing. Thelarge,curtained four- post bed hid from their view one halfof the room. quaking and sharing, Jerry lighted a gas.lamp on the mantlepiece, and then he and Joe walked, as well as their tremblino legs would carry them, to the foot of the bed facing the window. What did they seet Something that for a moment made their false tongues cleave to the dry, parched roofs of their mouths, their eyeballs glare, their blood curdle, and their knees knock together. They saw old Strangways sitting up in the shell in whiph he hadh been laid. His jaws were bound up (as layers-out of thedead always bind them, if per mitted todo ro), his gaunt form was arrayedln an elaborately worked shroud, his bony arms were outatretched, and he groaned aloud. 'Is it his gboatr hiessed Jerry. - ' No, it's himself-no'.dead after all but we must quiet him i we've gonie tob far ~torecede. Dead men tell.'no 'tles--bring a pillow,and come on, He's no yight to lire after being laid out and all settled. We're ruined if he lives, we're made men if were not arranu, oowardel' - SThe two incarnate friends advanced pillow in hand, but as they were about to force their victim back into the shell a piercing shriek--a woman's bshriek.- b let their ears, - - ' : t .' Murderers!l cried Oherry' ' He lives I One inch nearer, and I fire ' ' Mercy! mercy! 'cried Joe, dropping 5 the pillow, and * Mercy, mercyl' echoed Jerry, sinking on the floor beside the cotin. But Cherry, unaccustomed to fire- 1 arms, and in her surprise and terror notknowing what he did, had pulled the trigger, and the revolver did its work against her will, for it brought down the fast-retreating Joe with a bullet in his backi and another entered the knee of the prostrate Jerry. Old Strangways, who revived from the fit or trance in which be had been laid out for dead, began nmw to recover his senses and realize his position, stretched out his aims to Cherry, whose screams, as well as the report of firearms, soon brought Anne, Jessy, and the old clerk to her help. In a very few minutes Dr.Tiedgold Swas on the spot. Old Strangways was removed from the shell to his bed, and restoratives i having been freely administered, was i oon able to thank Chrry for her i heroism, which had sared him from two i vile cowardly ass sains. His intellect, quite unimpaired hy his recent pro tracted fit, enabled him at once to un Sderstand >he base plots and murderous adesigns of his nephewr. As fjr thses Stwo worthies, their wounds, though very p inful, were not dangerous, and wl.e r Dr Tedgold bad extracted the irulrts Sold Strangways insisted on their being removed to the nearest hospital, and Schuckling wi;h dilight as be pointed Sfrom his ted at the hbell and the shroud t which Weavor and Anne were re 1 moving from his room' he said- S'Jju'il be, in the county court for r that ugly and u3nnccs.ary pipce of furniture-I'l never pay a shilling towards it. No, nor that ghaqtlygar \- ment either. He'll be in Whit:cross I' street for those filial tributes to me ,' and serve him right!' When Miss Dolly woke from her opiatic fl'ep, Oberry 'hastened to tell her the good news. She was sorry afterwarcs that she had been so 0 precipitat*, for the poor old spinster's joy very neatly proved fatal to her, Sso sudden was the revulsion, so over whelming the rcstasyy t Shs fell into violent hysterics, and t Dr Tredgold had much ado to bring her s afe out of them, but by degrees she became calm, and controlled hlras f Swhen the doctor told her she mus: not e see her uncle until she was perfectly e composed: Dr Tredgold was not a little astamed din reality of the mistake he had mad, Shut be put a good face on it, and averred t that, had all the doctors in London I been called in, they would have decided as he did-and, in fact, his argument \- went to prove that no man had a right to cime to life again af er his pulhe n had ceased to beat end his blood to circulate, and that if hewerenot really dead by every law of nature and r- medicine, and every precedent on record, he certainly ought to have been. y Dr Tredgold continued to attend i .Miss Dolly andthe cldQ.C., but the latter never forgot to,twit him with his t blunder, and to ask him hew many g patients he had caused to be buried alive. However, Old S'rangways took e warning by that singular trance or Sfit. caused as it was by his having e lown into a violent passion wit.i Miss Dolly because she pra?oced that I Cherry, Ler baby, and nurse should F bring their visit to an end, seeing, as ' he said, that three extra mouths to feed doubled the wet kly bil's. The old Q 0. now resolved to keep him'elf bs quiet as be could, and to Smake himself as happy and comfortable as possible, even if he dd spend a litt It of his wealth on himself, instead of bo-rding it up to tempt villians to Smurder him for it, or to leave it to t those who were in a ereat hurry to see him in his grave. He seemed more than ever attached to Cherry. He set up a earriage of his own-a carriage and pair - a model equipago for elegance and com fort. To Miss Dolly's horror he added a coachman and footman in livery to the establishment. Every day he took Cherry, her baby, and uurse out for along drive. He made them handsome presents, he ordered new carpets, new curtains, new sofas, chairs tables, pier-glasses. Miss Dolly believed he was going mad ; but he told her he was coming to his enses, instead of taking leave of them-that it he had a few years yet to live be meant to enjoy himself in them that he wished to sea COhrry, who had saved his life, as comfortable as -his niece ought to be, and that no'one need grudge his spending alittle of his money on himself,for there was plenty to leave behind him, toe. Th re was no stint now. The old man hiral a ged cook, and orderd dinner hioself. He was so muob c better that he was able to sit at table, a and good wines now supplied the a usual place of the smallest of small beer, Oherry found Stamford street very pleasantnow, and so did all the ex. , pectsnts, save Joe and Jerry Strang- h ways. whom the old Q.O. would never h receive again ; but he proposed to them *1 throuch Dr Tregold, to emigrate to " New Zealand, and gave them a sumn of money for the voyage, and to enalble them to become sheep farmers there. ,\ We moust now leave Cherry for. a a time in her comfortable quarters under the now hospitable roof of the old ti Q.0, and leaving crowded, busy, foggy 1 London, hasten back to the sunny D shores of the Great German Ogean, to , the great pine foyests and purple moors i of the bleak shores of Northumbria, or to inquire what is going on at the pt Abbey, and what has befallen poor nO Minnie, our gentle littls heroine. OHAPTER XX. p PoorinnocentMinnie Roche How bitterly she doomied to feel what it Is to be' Motherless.' Not only had she now no kind friend to fly to, no words of love to cheer her, no comfort, no obelter, but twobase plotters have met together, whoseobject is to rob her of that' jewel of her Foul,' her good name-the one to xcoa, her heartless desertion,and secure Minnie's adorer forher own daughter ; the other to isolate the poor girl entirely, and pro mote hisown base views, and threw her on his tende rmercieD. (To Be OONTINUeD.) 