A IINA1 M0M8." MP" A TALE OF BUSH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. By O. A. HENTY. CHAPTER XYI I. — Settling Accounts. Reuben soon checked the speed of his horse. Anxious as he was to arrive as soon as possible, he might, for aught he knew, yet have occasion to try the animal to the utmost, and he there- fore reduced the almost racing pace at which he "had started into an ordinary steady gallop. The horses were fresh and in good condition, and for several miles kept up the space without flagging. Then they were allowed to ease down into a walk until they got their wind again, and thqn started into the pace, half canter, half gallop, which is the usual rate of progression of the colonial horses. They drew rein at last on a slight eminence from which the Doualds' station, a mile or so distant, could be per ceived. # " Thank God," Reuben muttered to himself, " I am back here at last. There is no occasion for further hurry," and the horseB were allowed to go at an easy walk. " Man on horseback," Jim suddenly said, touching Reuben's arm. " Where — where, Jim ?" " Gone from de house, sah. trough dem trees. Dare he go again, he gallop fast." Reuben had not caught sight of the figure, but he pressed his spurs against the horses sideB. " 1 will see who it is, at any rate. Jim, do you ride straight on to the house and say I shall fie there in a few minutes." As Reuben rode at a headlong gallop towards the point where his, course would probably intersect that of the horseman riding in the direction Jim had pointed out, he turned over rapidly in his mind the thought whether his anxiety for Kate Ellison was not making a fool of him. Why should he turn from his course just at the end of a long journey to start at full speed on the track of this figure of which Jim had caught only a glance ? 1 1 might be a stock- on an or someone who had ridden over from one of the neighbouring stations to see how Donald was getting on ; but even so, he told himself, no harm was done by his assuring himself of that. It was not the way Mr. Barker would take to his station ; had it been a neighbour who had come over he would not be likely to leave again acflftarly ; neither of the constables would be riding away irr-defiance of his orders on no account to stir any distance from the house. Presently he caught a glimpse of the horse man. He was not more than half a mile away now, but the view he obtained was so instanta neous that he could not distinguish any parti culars. "He is riding fast, anyhow," he said — "faster than a man would travel on ordinary business. He is either a messenger sent on urgent business, or it is Thorne." He slightly altered the direction of his course, for the speed at which the horseman was travel ling must take him ahead of him at the point where Reuben had calculated upon cutting bim off In a short , distance he would get a view of him, for the trees ended here and the plain was open and unbroken save by low bush. When the figure came clear of the trees he was but a quarter of a mile away, andlieuben gave a start, for he recognised at once the uniform of his own corps. It could only be one of the men left at Donald's, and, with an exclamation of anger, Reuben pressed his horse to the utmost in pursuit of the man, who was now almost directly ahead, at the Eame time uttering a loud call. , The mail glanced back, but to Reubefl's surprise, instead of stopping, waved his bn above his head and pressed forward. Two miles were traversed before Reuben was beside him. " What do you mean ?" he thundered out. Bat the man ppinted ahead. —"He has carried off Miss Ellison, sir, and has shot Brown dead. I will tell you after wards. There, do you see, sir, over that brow there. At the moment Reuben saw a figure on horse back rise against the sky- line fully two miles in front. " Ride steadily, Smithson," he said ; " keep me in view, and I will keep him. We must overtake him in .time, for his horse is carrying double. I shall push on, forI am better mounted than you are, and he may try to double and throw us off his traceB. If any thing happen! to me don't stop for a moment, but hunt that fellow down to the end." Reuben had been holding Ins horse somewhat in hand during the l&Bt; mile, for he thought there must be some reason for the constable's strange conduct but he now let bim go, and urging him to his full speed, soon left the con stable behind. He knew that for some dis- tanc8 ahead, the country was flat and-unbroken, and that the furtive would have no chance of concealment which ever way he turned. Upon reaching the spot where he had seen the bush ranger pass the wide plain opened before him, £1® about of exultation as he saw that hehad ganed considerably. The t ngifivo indeed, had evidently not been pressing bin horse. " He thinks he has a long journey before him," Reuben muttered. " I fancy he's mis taken. He thinks he's only got a constable after him, andrtiat he can him whenever he comes up to him. ri he learned front out Smitheon. All the better. I ehall_over. take him all the sooner." Such indeed was thoiaew of the bu®Wr' . Who kept along at a steady oanter, troubUag himself very little about the solitary whom fie believed to be m pursuit of hum When, indeed, on glancing round he saw v that his pursued was within a quarter of a mile p him, he reined in his home, and turning, calm y awaited his coming. „ , .. Renben at once checked" tbe speed of n horse. knew that the man was said to be a deadly shot with his pistol, but he was con- fident in his own skill, for, with constant and assiduous practice, he had attained a marvellous profioienoy with his weapon. But he did not care to give his foe the advantage which a man sitting on a steady seat possesses oyer one sitting in the saddle of a galloping horse ; he therefore advanced only at a walk. The bushranger put down the change in speed to fear caused by his resolute attitude, and shouted : " Look here, constable ; you had best turn jour horse's head and go home again. You know well enough that one constable is no match for me, so you had best rein up before I put a bullet in your head. If you shoot you are just as likely to kill the young woman here as you are me, and you know I don't make any mistake." Reuben was already conscious of his disad vantage in this respect, for the bushranger held the girl on the saddle in front of him, so that her body completely covered his. She was enveloped in a shawl which covered her head aB well as her figure. Her captor held her tightly pressed to him with his left arm, while his right was frse to use a pistol. Reuben checked his horse at a distance of some fifty yards, while h9 thought over the best course to pursue. As he paused, Thorne, for the first time, noticed that it was an officer with whom he had to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage ex clamation, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. " Oh, it's you, is it?" he said ; " I thought it was only one of your men ; but the advice I gave is as good for you as for him. I advise you to turn back before all my mates are down on yon." " Your mates will never be down on anyone again, Tom Thorne," Reuben said sternly. "We have wiped out seven of them, and the other is a prisoner." "It's a lie!" the bush- ranger said furiously. " They are two hundred miles away in the bush." " With your friend Bobitu, eh? Yes they were, but they are not now, Thorne. They are lying under the ashes of that hut of yours close to the tree -where you buried your treasure ; and it's I who am going to have help, not yc u. i My men will be up in a few minute6," and he I glanced round at the constable, whom the bush-ranger now perceived for the first time less than half a mile away. Reuben's words had the effect they were in tended tqtxcite. They filled the bush ranger with fury aud desire for vengeance, while the sight of the approaching constable showed him that unless he took prompt measures he would have two adversaries to fight at once. Without a moment's hesitation he set spurs to his horse and dashedat Iteubeu. When within twenty yards he fired. Reuben felt a sharp pain as if a hot iron had been passed across his cheek. Thorne uttered a shout of _ exultation as he saw him start, but, as he kept his seat, again raised his hand to fire. In an instant Reuben discharged his pistol, and the bush ranger's weapon dropped from his hand, for Reuben's bullet passed through his wrist. Throwing the burden before him headlong to the ground Thorne drew a pistol with his left hand, and the two shots rung out again at al most the same instant. Reuben, however, was slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet passed through the bush-ranger's body, while Thorne's pistol was diverted some what from its aim, and the- bullet struck Reuben's left shoulder instead of his head. In an instant he had drawn another pistol. " Surrender, or I fire !" and then seeing, by the change in the bushranger's face and by his collapsing figure, that he was badly hit, he waited, still keeping Thorne covered "with the muzzle, for tbe bushranger had a charge left in the pistol which he.btill grasped in his left hand. Twice Thorne tried to raise it, but in vain. Then he reeled in -the saddle, the pistol dropped from his hand,, and he fell heavily over on the ground. . Reuben at once leaped from his horse and ran to raise Ellison, who lay motionless on the ground 63 she had been thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped round her head he found she was insensible. Kneeling beside her, he raised her head to his shoulder, and & minute later the constable galloped up. "Badly hurt, captain?" he asked as he leaped off his horse, for the "blood was stream ing down Reuben's faoe, and his left arm hung useless. " Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flask in the holster just bring it here and sprinkle her face. I hope she is only stunned ; but that scoundrel threw her off with such force that she may well he badly hurt." "Is he done for, captain?" the man asked, glancing at the prostrate figure of the bush- ' ranger as he .proceeded to obey Reuben's in structions ; " because if you ain't cerfain about it, I had better put a bullet into him. These fellows are fond of playing 'possum and then turning the tables upon you. " "There 1b no fear of that, Smithson; he's hard hit. I hope he's not dead, for 1 would rather that he were tried for hiB crimes." It was some time before Kate Ellison opened her eyes. For a - moment she looked vaguely round, thenpriis her eyes fell upon Reuben's face, she uttered a little cry and raised herself into a sitting position. "What is it, Captain. Whitney? Are vou badly hurt?" J "Thank God you have recovered, Ellison. You began to frighten me horribly. I was afraid yon were seriously injured. J)o not look so ' alarmed. I can assure yon I am not much hurt ; only a flesh wound, 1 fancy, in the cheek, and a broken collar-bone." "And you, have saved me again, Captain Whitney?' N ' " Yes, thank God, I have had that good for tune,'' Reuben Bald quietly, " and this time for good, for Tom Thorne will never molest yon again." " But can't I do something? Your face is bleeding dreadf ally. Please let me bind it up," and tearing off the bottom of her dress, she proceeded to bandage Reuben's face. The constable took off the black silk h&nd-; kerchiefwfcich he wore round his neck. " I think/miss, this will make a sling for his seem, and when that is done the captain will be pretW jight. Do you think you can ride back, sir?" beaked when he had fastened the handkerchief , « ( or will you wait till I ride back to the farm aiid letch help ?" 2" \ "I oan rid® well enough,' Beub&n; oolior-bone had glanced downwards, and the wmitift'wes a more serious one than, he had "No, I don't think I oan ndetaok, light cart at the tarm," Kate JEllifon said ; " please fetch that. 8v/t here with Captain Whitney till you come back. hink Pthat will be the W way miss," the constable agreed, and mounting he rode off atItUwae an hour and a half before he returned, bringing the cart ; but before he arriml Mr. and Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, the former having returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Reuben had heard from Kate what had taken place "I did as you told me, Caplam Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The con stables kept a very sharp look-out, and one of them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing up the breakfast things with Mrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before I had time to think what it meant that man rushed in. He caught me by tbe wrist and said, 'Come along, it's no use screaming.' Mrs. Barker caught up something and rushed at him, but he kuocked her down with tbe butt- end of his pistol. Then he caught up he shawl, which was lying on tho chair close by, and threw it over my head, and then caught me np and carried me out. I tried to struggle, but he seemed to hold me aB if I were in a vyce. I heard Alice scream, and then I must have fainted, for the next thing I knew was that I was being carried along on horseback. I was bo muffled np, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no use to struggle, and I made, up my mind to lie quite still as if I was still in sensible, till he put me down, and then — I think I intended to try and seize his pistol, ox to get hold of a knife if there was one, and if I cculd not Kill him to kill myself. There did not seem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be back for hours. I sup posed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were away with you ; and from the distance you said you were going, I did not think you cculd be back for days. Presently I felt him stop and turn his norse, and then when he spoke I knew that he had not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought it was your voice, though it seemed impossible ; but I could not be sure, because I could not hear plainly through the shawl. Then the pistols were fired, and I suddenly felt myself falling, and I did not know anything more till I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you are here alone ? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where the bushrangers were." " No, I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, Miss Ellison, and have wiped out the bushrangers altogether. We have got one of them a prisoner, but all the rest of the gang are killed. The distance is not quite 60 far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles' march and two sixties. We attacked them at daybreak on the third day after leaving." " But it is only the fourth day to-day, is it not ? At least it seems so to me. " " It is the fourth day, Miss Ellison. When we found that the leader of the gang wa > not with them, and I learned from the man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty -four hours.before, I was naturally very anxiousVbout you, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So we started at once, and, after a sharp fight with the blacks, got down in the evening to the waterbole sixty miles on our way back, where we had camped the second .night out. Of course the horse I had ridden could travel no further, but I pushed on with my black hoy on two of the horses which we'had taken from the bushrangers, and which had been led so far. We made another forty miles by midnight, and then halted till daybreak to give the horses rest, hut they were so done up this morning that we could not get thera mucMbeyond a foot pace. When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in time." The tears were standing in the girl's eyes, as she laid her hand on his and said quietly : " Thank you. Then you have ridden a hun dred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides bavin gj; wo fights, and all because you were uneasy ahoat me?" "I had, as you see, good reason to be uneasy. MisB Ellison." ' ' At this moment a horse's hoofs were heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. He had on arriving at the station been uhable to obtain any information as to what had taken place. Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint. Mrs. Barker had just before he arrived ridden off to meet her husband ; but the dead body of the con st ible by the door and the disappearance of K->te showed him what had taken place, and he at once started after his master. His horse, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden by Reuben, and until he met the constable returning he had been obliged to follow the track of the horses in front, so he did not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its conclusion. He uttered exclama tions of dismay at seeing his master's condition for Reuben had been gradually growing feint' and could now scarcely support himself on his elbow. Jim, however, had taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, having an 'eye to his own comforts as well as to the possibility of its being required. He now knocked off the neck and poured some into the cup of Reuben's flask and put it to his lips. "Thank you, Jim; that is just what I wanted." " Massa lie down quiet," Jim Baid, " no good sit up;" and gathering a large bunch of grass he placed it under Reuben's head, and Reuben lay quiet in a half dreamy state until Mr and Mrs. Barker rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, hut she was bo stiff and bruised with her fall that she could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs Barker, and burst into tears as heririend threw her arms round her. 'That's right, my poor child," Mrs. Barker 1 ££TZ Wln do ?ou god- God, my deaFKate, for your rescue " aLded0ed,MlS'Bark9r- ItseMU " Captain Whitney seems to spring out of the ground whenever he's wanted. He seems hurt The constable said it was a broken SwSitlb?' 60methin« BOH £ waie ft1" What There, there, dont tremble so, child- we must hope that it ib not so bad as that bnf )<A va bf y beii bo bad he does for only a broken collar-bone. My husband broke eometran' Sd aW1J with L among dayortTo. «P and about agaiuta a ' you think. John F" she Eoubeu kneding beaideB ¥ < "Lhopenot," the settler said. " He ought tuz l to belike this only from a wound in the oolk£ I boner but of course it mav have glanced dow 1 6nd dbne some internal mischief. I am incliaS J to thiik that it is extreme exhaustion at auS 5 as anything— the reaction after a tremendous 1 nervous excitement." 1 # " He has ridden a hundred and fifty tnna : since yesterday morning," Kate said, has had two fights besides this. Directly fa knew that the leader of the bushrangers had escaped he came on by himself." " Uk ! they caught the bushrangers, did they?" Mr. Barker said joyfully, I afraid by this getting back here so soon that they musfi have miseed them somehow, and found theyj were on the wrong scent. And he has riddenkll the way back, has he ? A very zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very zealoc young officer indeed." But Kate was tod anxious anf shaken to mark the significance of Mr. Barkens tone. "Don't tease her," his wife said ip a Ictf voice. " She is terribly upset and shaken, and can hardly stand. Ah ! what is that r" . The interruption was caused by a low groan from the fallen bushranger. " Shoot him dead, sah," Jim, who was supporting his master's head, exclaimed, "Don't let dat fellow come live no longer." I can't do that, Jim," Mr. Barker said, moving towards the fallen man. "The man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer aud a robber : but he is harmless now. One cannot wish he should recover, even for hie own eake, for there is enough against hioa to hang him ten times over. However, we must do what we can for the poor wretch." So saying he mixed feme brandy with a little water in the cup, and pcurtd it'between the bushranger's lips. "Is it mortal?" Mrs. Baker ashed as he re joined ber. " I think so," he said ; " I fancy he Ls shot through the lungs." " You must really sit down. Mips "Ellison- you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot have you on otir hands just now. We have got them pretty full as they are. Ah 1 here comes the cart." The constable bad put a quantity rf straw in the bottom of the light cart, and" Barker and Jim raised Reuben and laid him in it. " Wo must take the other too," Mr. Barker said ; " the man is alive, and we can't ioave him here." " Yes," Kate said ; "ho must toe. Re did Reuben a great wrong many years s_o. I hope he will confess it before he die?."' Mr. Barker glanced at his wife as K i'o uted the young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whit my. but of the boy Reuben who had been accus.i of poisoning her father's cog, and of commithnga burglary from his house. " You had better get up in front with, the constable, Miss Ellison," the settler said when the two wounded men had been p!a< e i tn the cart; " you certainly are not tit to ride. Or. look here, the constable shall take my horse and I wiii drive, and then 1 can look after vcu, and you can use me for a prop if ycu feei weak ; but before we start 1 must i:.sist on your taking a sip of brandy and wat> r. It is no use your saying no." he persisted as ti e girl shook hei head. " We shall have you fainting before you get home if you don't. Kate did as she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As ehe _ot cp her eyes fell upon Reuben's face. "Oh, Mr. Barker!" she said, "he looks dead. You are not deceiving me. are vm: " Bless me, no I" the settler said cheerfully. "My opinion is that he's dead as e ; . The loss of blood, tbe sudden re-action after tho long excitement, and the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome him, and my crimen is that he is sound asleep." fJfti " Jim, do you lead your master's horse, while the constable takes the other, and thin yon two had better ride on abdhelp Mrs. Don all to get things ready. Get a bed' up at or.ee for aptain Whitney, and get some clean s-trawin the outhouse with one of the rugs over it tortile other." So saying he touched tho horse with whip, and the cart moved slowly on with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. She would have gone o-.i ahead to have assisted in the preparation e, but she expected momentarily to see Kate faith and thought it better to remain with her in case her assistance should be required. The jcumey oc cupied some time, for Mr. Barker picked the way carefully so as not to jolt the cart. Mrs. Barker eudeavcuied to keep Kate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what she had heard about the expe.iition, wondering when it would return, and whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half & mile of home she said ; — " I think, dear, ycu are looking a lit tie better now. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I will get a cup of strong tea ready for you. That wiii do wonders." When the cart arrived Mrs. Donald ran oat, and as Kate descended clasped her iu a long embrace. "Come straight in here, my dear." Mn. Barker said. " I have got a basin of cold water and a cap of strong tea, and the two together will do marvels. We will attend to" yosr wounded hero." Reuben remained perfectly quiet aud inert 4! he was lifted out and carried into th< hotssfi, where a bed had been made up for hm in room on the ground floor. " Just lay him down. Throw a blanket ova him, and let him lie perfectly quiet." "Bo.you think he is really asleep :' Barter asked as she looked at the quiet face. "I do, really," her husband replied. "Pot your ear close to his uiouth. He is breatbingss quietly as a child, and," he added, placing b® fingers on Reuben's wrist, " his pulse is a little fast, but regular and quiet ; twenty-four hour? of sleep will set him up again, unhss I greatly mistaken, I don't expect that tb» wound will turn out anything very serious, b6 me think. Was it not this afternoon thw Raskin said he would be back again : ' ' w Yes, either yesterday or to-day." u That is lucky. He will be surprised at find icg two new patients on his hands now- I will go and have a look at th» peer wretch in the shed. Give me a cupful of beef-tea ; I will pour a spoonful or two between bis lips. You had better go and look after Kaf- You will not be needed here at pre?- nt. your master wakes, Jim, let ub know direetly» be said to the black, who had seated himself 00 . tbe ground by tbe side of Reuben's bed. "I can't call tbe poor fellow away from hi . master," he added to his wife as he "closed tb door behind them ; "but I am really ansiou to know what has taken place out in the bushj and whether many of our fellows have been billed. If, as Kate said, she heaid the captain tell the bush-ranger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has m fileed been a most sucoessful expedition, and wn colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful w Whitney for having rid us of these pests. WW with that, and the thrashing the blacks hat had, we Bhall be able to sleep quietly 05f months, which is more than we have done for I long tune." .. Kate came out of the room with Mrs. Don&«a E 6 minute later. The basin of cold water and E be tea bad the effeot Mrs. Barker pre- E meted. A little colour had returned into her E cheeks, and she looked altogether more like E herself. I " How is he?" Mrs. Donald asked. E " In my opinion he's doing capitally, Mrs. E Donald ; his pulse is quiet and even, and he's E breathing as quietly as & child, and I believe he E is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to wake till to-morrow morning, E and I predict that in a few days he will be np E &nd; about. Indeed, if that bullet hasn't misbe- E jhaved itself, I see no reason why he shouldn't E he up to-morrow." E " That is indeed a relief to us both," Mrs. 1 jDonald said, while Kate could only clasp her hands in silent thankfulness. 44 And now, how is your husband P I hope he is none the worse for all this exertion." "He was terribly agitated at first," Mrs. Donald said. "I fainted, you know, and he got out of bed to help me up, and it was as much as I could do when I recovered to get joim to lie down, for he wanted to mount and irlde after Kate, although, of course, he is hs weak as a child, and even with toy help he could scarcely get into bed again, fortunately Mrs. Barker ran in, before she started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the conr-tableWas off in pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I think he was occupied in trying to bheer me, for as soon as -he was in bed I broke down and cried till the constable came back to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and B feho". the bushranger." E Three hours later, to the great relief of all, the B Burgeon arrived. He was first taken in to look B at lieu ben, having been told ail the drcum- B stances of the case, and he confirmed Mr. E Barker's opinion that he was really in a deep B Sleep. E "I would not wake him on any account," he B Said ; 44 it is a great effort of nature, and he B trill, I hope, awake quite himself. Of course I B Can't say anything about the wound till he does. B JNow for his antagonist." 1 The bushranger was still unconscious, though B occasionally broken words came from his lips. B The surgeon examined his wound. 44 He is shot E through the lungs," he said, 44 and is bleeding B Internally. I do not think there is the shadow Of a cliauce for him, and no one can wish it B otherwise. It will only save the colony the B expense of his trial. And now for my original B patient." B He was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and B when he came out proceeded at once to mix him B h soothing draught from the case of medicines 1 he carried behind the saddle. 4 ' We must get him off to sleep if we can," he B £sid, " or we stall have him in a high state of fever before morning. A man in his state can't go through such excitement as he has done E| Without paying the penally. And now, I suppose, 1 have done, he said with a smile as hlrs. Donald left the room with the medicine. B " Yes. 1 think so," Mrs. Barker said; "if you had eorue an L>ur earlier I should have put thin young lady under your charge, but I think that the assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was doing well has been a better medicine than you could give her." |E 44 No wonder she is shaken," Mr. Buskin re- B marked. 44 Mrs. Barker tells me you had a B heavy fall, too, Miss Ellison." B "Yes." she replied. "I was stunned for a 1 time, but beyond being stiff and bruised I am B none the worse for it." " Look here. Miss Ellison," the doctor said, B after putting his fingers on her wrist, 41 1 B suppose you will want to be about to-morrow When our brave army returns. Now there B is noThiug you can do here. Mrs. Donald can B nurse lier husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, wili take charge ot the house, and therefore, seriously, I would ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for you, and to go upstairs and goto bed Band sleep till morning." " I could not sleep," Kate protested. B "Yerv well, then, lie quiet without sleeping, and if in the evening you find you are restless you car come down for an hour or two; but I really must insist on your lying down for a bit. js o . Mrs. Barker, will you take this medicine Up and put this young lady to bed." "1 hope she will get off to sleep," Mrs. EBarker sa.d when she came down- stairs again. BB " I have no doubt whatever about it," Mr. Luskin replied. "I have given her a very strong » > ping-draught, far stronger thai I fcliouM think of giving at any other time; tut niter the lonsion that the poor girl must h£ve bone through, it would need a strong dose to Htske eilY-eC I think you will hear nothing more f her till the morning." Indeed it was not until the sun was well up SR. lie neit morn dig that Kate Ellison woke, the- Cv'Uid hardly believe that she had slept pll but the eastern sun coming iq" through her window showed her that she had Hoiie so. She still felt bruised and shaken al Mfcvc-r. hut was otherwise herself again. Sha qresfeu hastily and weut downstairs. " That's right, my dear," Mrs. Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. " You Ek 1-umy and like yourself." 44 II >w are my brother and Captain Whit pey r ' Kate asked. ' I don't think Mr. Donald is awake yet," Irs. Barker replied ; 44 but Captain Whitnej B has juit gone out to the shed with my husbanc and the surgeon." " Gone out to the she! !" Kate repeated ia astonishment. 41 Yes. my dear. That poor wretch out then is going fast. lie recovered cousciousnea about two h >urs ago. The constable wa. silting up with him. He asked for water, anc then Jay for some time quite quiet. Then he said, Am I dreaming, or was it Beuben \Yhitney I fought with ?' 4 Yes, it was Cap- tbin li-uben Whitney, our inspector,' thej boasts Me teplied. m 4 For a time he lay quiet again, and then' paid : 4 I -want to see liim.' The constable toldi Rim he was asleep and couldn't be woke. 44 4 Is he badly wounded?' the man asked. mm I know I liit him.' 4 Not very badly, I |Rope,' the constable answered, 4 Wheu he Brake.- ask him to come to me,' the man -aid. 3 know I am dying, but I want to see him Bret. if lie can't come let somebody else tome. ' The constable came in and roused the |Bdoctor. who went out and saw him, and said he Rriigbt live three or four hours yet. Soon after- praida, just as the sun rose, Jim came out to Ray that liif master was awake. Mr. Buskin Rri'iit into him and examined his wound and Ru 'be l tho course of the bullet. It had lodged Howu just at the bottom of the shoulder-bone, l am glad to say he was able to get it out. y hen he had done he told his patient what the Rj'-hra- grr had said, and Captain Whitney in - i u -o" g ang out to him. 4 1 ! to flo him any harm, will it r" Kate No. luj dear, or Mr. Buskin would not "'' Ut him go, I saw him as he went out, '> 1 rd.ook 1 lands with him, and, except that R-1';' b-:i i;higf- ov. er his face, he looked quite d! n a In. As I told you, a broken collar- t o e : mere nothing, and now we know ihf bullet w-nt and have got ifcout, there \- ror the slightest anxiety. Here y come again, you can juige tor your- H vul>v few wordi passed between Beuben and Kate, for Mrs. Barker, who saw how nervous 1Ae Rtri waa at once ban to ask him qnestions about what the bushranger had said. « " He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, wnum your husband has written down, au<i iMx Rmbn end SmiUbson Iitvto signed about a very old story in which waa concerned when hboy, hut it is a great gratification for me to have it cleared up atlast. I was accused nt poisoning a dog belonging to Miss Ellison's father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premises, and was acquitted, thanks only a ® influence exerted on my be- half, I fear," he said with a slight smile. somewhat illegally. However, the imputation would have rested on me all my life if it had not been for Thqjne's confession. I thought that he did the first affair. I knew that he was con cerned in the second, although I oould not prove it j but he has now made a full confession, say- hig that he himself poisoned the. dog, and con firming the story I told at the trial." " Oh, I am glad I" Kate exclaimed. " You know, Captain Whitney, that I was sure of your innocence, but I know how yon must have longed for it to be proved to the world. What will you do, Mir. Barker, to make it public ?" " I shall send a copy of the confession, pro- perly -attested, to the magistrates of Lewes, and another copy to the paper which. Captain "Whitney tells me, is published there weekly." 4 ' I suppose there is no hope for Him P" asked in a low voice. " He is dyingnow," Barker said. " Buskin is with him. lie was fast becoming uncon scious when we left him, and Buskin said that the end was at hand.h A quarter of an hour later the surgeon cjimn in with the news that all was over. " Now, Captain Whitney, you must come into your room and let me bandage np your Bhoulder properly. I hadn't half time to do it before." " But you won't want me to lie in bed or anv nonsense of that sort ?" Beuben asked. 4 1 would if I thought you would obey my orders ; but as I see no chance of that, I not trouble to give them. Seriously, I do not think there is any necessity for it, providing . always that you will keep yourself verv quiet. I .shall bandage your arm across your chest, so there can be no movement of the shoulder, and when that is done I think you will be all right," There was only one more question which Beuben had to ask with regard to the event of the preceding day— why it was that Smithson did not go to his comrade's assistance. He then learned that Thorne rode quietly up to the back of the house and dismounted, then went to the stable, where Smithson was asleep, having been on guard duriiig thejffght, and pushed a piece of wood under the latch of the door, so that it could not be raised. Having thu« securely fastened Smithson in, he had gone to the front of the house, and had apparently shot down the constable there before the latter was aware of his presence. Smithson, awakened by the shot, tried in vam to get out, and was only released by Mm. Barker when she recovered from the b tunning blow which the bushranger had struck her. He had then mounted at once and followed in pursuit. In the afternoon the party returned from the hush, having experienced no further molesta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Beuben's wound, and in the course of a fortnight he was again able to resume his duties. The complete des truction of the gang of bushrangers, and'the energy with which they had been pursued into the very heart of the bush country, made a vast sensation in the coiony, and Beuben gained great credit and instant promotion for his conduct. " A month after the return of the party from the bush Mr. Donald was about again, and, as the danger was now"past, he abandoned bis idea of selling hm property. The course which events took can be judged by the following long conversation between Mre. Donald and her Bister three months later. 44 Well, Kate, after all he has done for us, of course I have nothing to say against it, and I don't suppose you would mind if I had ; still, I do think you might have done better." 44 1 could not have done better," Kate said hotly, 41 not if I had had the pick of the whole colony," 44 Well, not in one way, my dear, for you know that personally I like him almost as well as you do. Still, I do think it is a little unfortunate that — we ever knew- Him before." - 44 And I think it's extremely fortunate," Kate said stoutly. 41 If it hadn't been that he had known us before and cared for me— rhe says worshipped, but that's nonsense — ever since I was a child, he would never have made that teriRe ride, and I — " "Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; "it'i too dreadful even to think of now. Well, my dear, no doubt it 'a all for the best," Alice, said, philosophically. 44 At anyrate, you are quite nappy, and he is a noble fellow. But I nope for your sake that he won't stay in the police. It would be dreadful for you when he was riding about hunting after bushrangers and blackB, for you know, my dear, there axe plenty of others left in the colony." " I told him so yesterday," Kate said, shyly. 44 1 said, of course, that I didn't want to influence him." Alice broke into a laugh. 44 You little goose as if what you say doesn't influence him." ' Three weeks later Beuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. 44 My dear Whitney, I am glad to hear from you that you axe engaged to be married, and the circumstances which you tell me of make it a most interesting affair. If I were you I should cut the constabulary. I inclose a paper from Wilson giving you three weeks' leave. Come down to Sydney at once and talk it over with me. You know I regard you as my son and I am going to have a voice in the matter." Beuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertaining his views, Mr. Hudson went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase for him of a partnership in the chief engineering firm in the town. When he told Captain Wilson what he had done the latter declared that he had robbed the colony of its best police officer. Beuben protested against the generosity of the old settler, but the latter, declared he would have no nonsense on the subject. 44 1 am one of the richest meu in the colony," he said, 44 and it's hard if I can't spend my money ae I choose." - There is little more to tell. Beuben became ne of the leading citizens of Sydney, and wenty years afterwards sold his business and turned to England and bought an estate not tr from LiweB, where he is still living with j Is wife and family. He was accompanied j fom Australia by his mother, who, in spite of i 1 r strong objections to the sea, went out to ! he with him two years after his marriage, j Te only point upon which Beuben Whitney j a d his wife have never been able to come to a absolute agreement is aB to which owes most j t< the otlier. j the exd. 