[continued riioat Saturday's issue.j [all rights kesekyed.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. THE TRAGIC STORST OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of " Cruel London," " The Three Recruits," " John Needhall," etc. PART IV. CHAPTER. T The Coujjtess .Tells her Stohy to the BnOTIfERHOOD AND PllIUP. The foreign quarter of London with which the public is supposed to be most familiar is in truth the least known of the many mysterious districts of the great metropolis. Solio, in its own peculiar way, possesses as many strange ramifications as the black circle of Whiteeliapel, which environs the tragic footsteps of the most terrible of modern assassins. The police have the key to many of the retreats in which political exiles and foreign conspirators meet to hold friendly intercourse, and to hatch plots of social re~ generation and personal vengeance. But Scotland Yard has no special reason for interfering with the meetings of .those con tinental outcasts,so long as they do not offend the English laws. The liberty of the subject in these islands covers the stranger as well as the native. To plot against the life of potentate,statesman or private citizen, however, of this or any other country would, of course, bring conspirators under legal restraint; but it is not the busi ness of the London police to act the part of spies upon political exiles ; and who is to interpret the secret thoughts of the solemn mysterious men and women who live quiet lives in the regions of Soho, or report to the police the spoken words of their private gatherings 1 England, America and Switzerland have for many years been the plotting grounds of Nihilists and Social Democrats. If it were possible to separate the patriot whose faith ana hopes are satisfied by a wholesome agitation, from the patriot whose bitter political programme is one of dagger, dynamite, and violent social upheaval, the Government would no doubt be ready to draw a hard and fase line on* the side of pacific operations as against the violence of revolution. But liberty is compelled to allow a large margin for licence, and it is better that an occasional culprit, wjjo might deserve death or life-long imprisonment, should receive the protection of our shores rather than an unchecked despotism should work its will upon the high-minded agitator, whose only crime is a national enthusiasm for the regeneration of his country. And so it comes about that London is the sanctuary of the political exile, not being actually a proved murderer liable to extradi tion ; though it must be confessed that Soho has sheltered many a conspirator who has been associated with attacks 011 authority entitled to condemnation as outside the pale of mere political conspiracy. Of such was more than one of the persons met together, some two weeks after the Venetian fetes, at the Parisian Cabaret, in a certain " cul-de-sac" known as Thomas' Alley, within a stone's throw of Dean street. The Parisian Cabaret was a small unpre tentious cafe, at the extreme end of Thomas' Alley; smuggled away in one corner of it, as if it had been built into an unintentional architectural vacancy — an after-thought in the higgledy- piggledy plan of the original builders. The lower part of the house was occupied with a large bow window and a quaint doorway, with an over decoration in the centre 'of which was a date indicating that the architecture belonged to the picturesque period before the age of stucco and iron. The upper stories wore curiously gabled ; and the quaint windows, glazed in much smaller squares than is usual in these days, were prettily decorated with Fronch blinds neatly tied back with coloured ribbons. Tlio place had a singularly clean look ; and the principal, and indeed, only saloon for eating,drinking and dominoes, had a white sanded floor and white painted panelling that were pleasantly characteristic, j The Parisian Cabaret was, indeed, much cleaner and far more agreeable to look upon j than most of its customers, one or two of ! whom lived on tlio premises ; notably, Ivan j Ivostanzhoglo, who was a moving spirit of (that brotherhood in which Anna Klosstock had.been enrolled as one of the two women who had been considered worthy of its con fidence. Ivan Kostanzhoglo had been for some time stationed in London as a controlling agent of certain movements that liad been made more or less in combination with other sections of the Young • Russian party; but, under orders, htí was about to run the risk of re appearing in St. Petersburg, whe^e a rendez vous had been settled for himself, J?apl Petroski, Anna Klosstock, Andrea Ferrari, and other earnest confederates. The startling incident of the far-reaching power of Nihilistic vengeance at Venice, while it had stiflened the surveillance of the .Russian police at all the ports of entry ipto Russia, and led to numerous arrests in the interior, liad exercised a tremendous revivfy ing influence upon the widespread conspiracy which aimed at the overthrow of the Im perial power. The guides and chiefs of the party of action believed in following up the assassination of Petronovitch with a strik ing dramatic demonstra tion at headquarters. It was in ^connection with tlflR so-called patriotic action of tho Young llussian purfy that the private doors of the small under ground apartment, which was rented by Ivan Kostanzhoglo, were opened to receive company some two weeks after the Ghost of the Lagoons had startle.^ "Venice from its customary repose. Sitting at a round table, lighted with a lamp, were our friends; Ferrari, in liis shirt sleeves, a loose light coat hanging over Ilia chair (it was a very hot night); Anna Kloss tock, in a simple sober black gown, without collar or cuffs, her hair gathered up beneath a black bo:)i>et; Paul Petroski, of Moscow, who had kept his filth at the little hotel on the quay at Venice, afid fjlso at the Fazio Palace; Ivaii Kostanzhoglo, a swarthy, thick set Muscovite, attired in senii-fasiiioiiíibí.e French garments ; and three others whom it is u¡¡e,CBRS>iry to name. "I claim," said Anna Klosstock, "the right to acquaint hU]} with my history in your presence before tho final oath is admis-' tered to him." " Madame knows best." said Ivan, who sat opposite to her, quietly rolling cigarettes and smoking them, as if to do so was the one chief duty in life." " We know Madame's history," said Paul. " Why repeat it in our presence?" "Have our friend?/' asked Anna, turn ing to Ferrari and then RÍancjjjg #t the three persons unnamed, " been made acqiisiijtod with our victory at Venice ?" " We only know," said one of them, "that PentroiToyitch, our bitterest foe, has fallen before the triumphant onslaught of the Brotherhood." , "It will give encouragement to ypiir hopes and'strengfch to your arm to hear that re. cital. I count it a part of my duty to record unto you an account of my steward ship, and that of our brethren, Ferrari and Petroski." " We shall thank you fop the revelation," said one. "It is no doubt our duo to know it," said the other. " And there is nothing so inspiriting as a general's own story of his victory," said the third. " In a few minutes," gai4 4.1111a Klosstock, " there will arrive for admission to the brotherhood, a young English gentleman, ;vho is devoted to me and my poor fortunes. He lias accepted, at the hands of Ferrari,tho oath of secrecy ; but not the oath of comrade ship, which would entitle him to our pass words and to share the giorifig and dangers of our cause. Brothers/'' she said, figjng, " this young man has none of the motives that we hitve for the labours and dangers wo have undertaken, ije was born in Moscow, it is true, and in his eariy :/outh saw our brother and sister exiles of the pant go forth upon their fatal journcyings to Sideria. He has a sensitive and generous nature ; the memory of tliG£3 things has sunk deep into his heart; but ha is young. His mother is a widow ; a patriot, £ devoted friejjd of all exiles. It is his misfoftuno i-o have faljsn in love with your huniblo com panion." The smile that for a «¡.o^pnt illuminated tlio face of Ivan Kostanzhoglo vfliii^ed at a glance from Ferrari; md Anna Klossfcoqtj: jioHíÍMPil to speak ao if sho were j'.Iyjiu, unconscious of the men who sat around her. "It is not necessary for me to say to what extent I have returned his atrange de votion." " Not very strange," whispered one of the unnamed to his neighbour, "if a lovely fice and figure had anything to do with inspiring love." " But," she continued, "lam unwilling that for my sake this young English gentle man shall further jeopardise his position aud his liberty. He professes to bo undjr the spell of our great cause, to desire no other life thun one that shall be devoted to it, in memory of his young life in Mofcow, and that he may be at least my comrade. He only knows me as the Countess Stnivensky. To him Anna Klosstock is nothing. Her life, her love, her miseries, hor motives for revenge, her part in our groat victory of Venice are to him an entire blank. While reporting, as one of our secret brotherhood, to this meeting, I desire to convoy to him the particulars of my Career, that they may dis enchant him and show him tho abyss upon I which ho stands. Should ho then persist in throwing in his lot with ours, I ask you to accept him.'' As she sat down there was a murmur of dissent, question, and admiration; and tho entire brotherhood for afew momenta seemed to be talking at once, but not much above a whisper. Presently Ferrari was heard alone, " To me, Madame's wish," he said, "is law. Throughout all our operations, in every instance of peril, Madame, has never made a mistake. I have to this young man administered the first oath of secrecy. I believe him worthy, and capable of being one of us. My vote is for Madame." "And mine," said Ivan Kostanzhogolo ; " chough it is a dangerous element, the admission of a sentiment beyond patrio tism." "But love," said Paul Petroski, "is a power that has helped us often, and in many straits." " And we agree," said one of the three un named, " that it is to the frank, open state ment of Madame, that we should not oppose her judgment in this,when it has always been true." " Go, then," said Anna to Ivan Kostan zlioglo. "In the saloon you will find our visitor. He will be sitting at the table in the right hand corner, by the pillar near the fireplace. He is young, dark, handsome. You cannot mistake him. His dress, a shabby disguise : yet you cannot fail to see through it the features, the figure of a gentle man." Ivan rolled another cigarette, and left the room through its double doorway, which was guarded until his return by Ferrari. It was nob altogether an uncomfortable apartment, though it lacked ventilation, which was obtained chiefly through an orifice in the chimney, where a strong gaslight «as burning, and around which there was a con tinual halo of smoke from tho cigarettes which all, including Anna herself, wore more or less smoking. There were a few odd en gravings upon the dark wall-paper,one or two easy chairs, a small book-case, and a map of Europe. Anna leaned back thoughtfully in her chair, breathed a few whiffs of smoke from an Egyptian cigarette, a bundle of which lay before her. She pushed these asido and ceased smoking'ns Ivan Kostanzhoglo entered with Philip Forsyth, who was indeed dis guised in shabby habiliments ; and in face and feature for that matter, his cheeks pale and sunken, his eyes surrounded .with a black rim, his hair long and straggly. He wore a pair of bluish French trousers and a thin alpaca frock-coat, buttoned to the throat, and in spite of the hot weather and tho close ness of the undorgoúnd atmosphere, he looked cold and chilly ; but when later on he spoke, his voice was strong and his manner expressed the physical strength, which to look at him, you would not have exp acted him to possess. "Brethren," said Anna Klosstock, rising, leaving her seat, and taking Philip by the hand, " this, is our English friend, whose heart has bled for the miseries of our country, who is anxious to join our brotherhood, and who has sworn the first oath of secrecy." Philip looked round witli a quiet, inquiring gaze, and then fixed his eyes upon Anna with an expression of astonishment. She was still beautiful ; but it was the beauty of the streetnnd the alley, the beauty of despair, the beauty that shines sadly through the surroundings of rags and poverty. Her figure seemed to have shrunk into her thin, shabby black gown; and the shadow that fell upon her, as she stood by tlio radiance pf t])o spmew'nafc dim lamp upon the table, gaye a sombre look to her face which was usual in Philip's ex perience of ils varied characteristics. It was borne in upon his mind that it lacked oven the tragic beauty that be longed to the despairing, defiant face he had seen at the opera and conveyed to his can vas. s>Wo}come, brother," said tlio con federates, one after the other, as they shoo* him by the hand. " lie seated," sf>id Ivan, "and we will pledge you to our better acquaintance ; whereupon, turning to the little bookcase and opening a cupboard beneath, Ivan brought forward a couplo of bottles of red wiiie, opened them, ' R»d placed glasses upon the table. Philip drank in a mechanical half-decided way, conscious, as if by instinct, that some thing was about to take place, hardly in keeping with those heroic aspirations witli which he had credited the Countess and her confederates. Not that he had expected anything like a rose-leaf council, or a carpet conspiracy; but there was something in the chango from" the bright, clean, oheerful saloon of tho little Parisian Cabaret, to the half-lighted, anil, prosaic, double-locked apartment, and its heavy-browed, ill-drossed occupants that chilled his spirits, and for a recalled to him his unnatural exiie frojj) hitf nielar and friends, who were at that moment, so close bp hiit¡ and yet 00 far away. But presently, when, unintentionally Ferrari had moored tlio lamp fl'Qitt before the face of Anna Klosstock, in such a wrvy that when alio rose it illuminated her entire figure, the old strange infatuation took pos session of him, and he listened as one in a dream. " Brethren," said Anna, rising and iajirg down t'lS cigarette which she had still hold between heir finger», f J have to report to you tlio result of the brotherhood's niigsio^i at Venice; and for the information of our visitor, who seeks for weal or woe to bo our comrade in the great causo to which we ate pledged, I beg yoi to permit that I shall mention one of the motives which brought us originally together. AVhen I was a young girl I lived happy and contented 'with "my father, who was the principal Jew merchant of Czarovna. There came to our village one Losinski, a young learned scholar, who was appointed Rabbi. I fell in love with him, he with me. We were betrothed. It was tho eye qf. the solemnization of our marriage. But at the height .pf CzAtonva's happiness there came a new governor,General PqtyonQ vitch, and! with him the wicked risings against tho Jews with sword and fire, which you all remember, less than ten years ago. This governor from St. Petersburg was a sensuaiisj:, a tyrant and an assassin. He found villainous' expjjsjj to attack our house, to confiscate my father's estate, pi, qej](J l)im to that living death, Siberia; to aeiao upon the young and learned Babbi, my lovor, to condemn him to the knout. Maddened with my despair, I sought the Governor at his palace a suppliant tW mgrpy. By fair pro mises ho induced ivse fos a moment to trust him. The crime lie committed against 1110 was one worse than death." Philip Forsyth felt his heart stand stili. He clutched his chair and pressed his feet iíjjqn te floor to prevent himself from falling. One "of Ü10 yijpanied, noticing his trouble, clutched him by tlio iivtr» P»fisse£ yfine npon him as Anna ootinnod her lwratiye. " The next day I witnessed the execution of Losinski, and raising my voice in revolt and defiance,excited my people of tlio Ghetto irti.o revolt. In the midst of their attack Upon'tjio jiej).T.i=h despot, I was dragged to the scaffold myself, «mi ¿íjcvíi beaten out of all sensibility, to wake up linfilly in ¡.¡ip ¡ifrj pital, a miserable wreck, with sufficient life still left to swear eternal vcngeanco upon General Pefcronovifcch, the only effort of ex istence left to me, Ihu one ved ppark of hope in my earthly dungeon. Surely it was that one hopo that gavo mo lifo. My wounds dressed with salt—I sparo you even a single Word fiOQui the physical agony I suffered.~I began to recover, i»«ij ÍÍ y/fis thought in time I should be well enough''to undergo 7» con tinuation of niy sentence whi¿}v' belonged' to ,the gaol and tho mine; but by ^í>pjij"únyc c'omtiityv jppiywfyl) I Ciirriud. anay to a foreign city. There was one great, good friend of the Jew, who lived on the outskirts of Czarovna, a Russian noblo, who had, under pressure of ingrati tude and persecution from his master,joined a branch of this_Brqtherhppd of the Dawn." For a moment tlie" speaker "paused in re sponse to suppressed but rigorous tokens of approval. " The cause'arid tho Brotherhood" almost shouted one of the v.unnamed, raising his glass and clinking it with those of his neigh bours. Philip watched the woman with an intent gaze of wonder. " His name was Stravensky—the Count Stravensky. Ho know my father,: lie know mo ; saw mo on that fatal day, hurrying to / the traitor's palace, endeavoured to interpose1 for 1110 on tho scaffold, . wa3 rebuffed, and' ordered to his home. His wealth and his oarly service to tho Czar, the greatness of his family namo, and his burning desire for vengeance, sent him to St; Petersburg, where lio resolved to . fight his way' diplo matically to place and position, his left hand tho Emperor's, his right hand for Russia. It was through his intervention that I was re moved, through his intervention that I was reported dead. This was tho only report the Government would accept; and so' Anna Klosstock died. In a few. yoars there arose from that moral death a new woman. Educated in; Italy by scholars, tended by devoted women; with what object, with what ambition, they knew not, nor did I for a time half suspect how Fate was workin» forme.. Day nor night did I ever, cease to pray for vengeance upon Petronovitch,! whose march of advancement I watched with a smile of hate,, noted his achievements in Central, Asia, his proud conquests, in the field, liis social and diplomatic victories! One day there came for me a messenger from my kind patron. I accompanied Madame to Paris. There, after' a few days of formality and instructions, I stood by. the bed of Count-Stravensky, was made his wife, and received from liini the legacy of his patriotic aspirations, and his last benediction on my vow of vengeance. They only know in St. Petersburg that the' Count had mar ried,; a cultured, but humble lady of It^ly. Tho Count had laid his plans carefully and well. I was received by His Majesty the Czar, oh my way to deal with my estates in Vilnavitch, in the neighbourhood of Czarovna. I have held my own, I hope, as the Countess Stravensky, nover forgetting tho wrongs of Anna Klosstock, the per secution of the Jews, and my vows to this Brotherhood." Again she paused, for the suppressed de monstrations of her audience, who, much as they had seen of tragic trouble and romance, were carried away not alone with Anna's story, but with the majesty of the woman as she narrated it. Philip still sat a dumb witness; moved by deep emotions, but standing apart, as it were, altogether from his companions; listen ing to Anna's story from a different stand point, influenced altogether by motives they could neither follow nor understand. "To the patient and the true, the day they hope for comes. • Ic was at Yenico, two weeks ago. You remember, some of you, our parting here, tho naming of our rendezvous for Paul Petroski, for Ferrari, for myself. We met again, I and the General Potronovitcli ; once more, as the Countess Stravensky, Anna Ivlosstock again had the honor to find favor in his cruel eyes. Not as in the old days did she struggle to bo free from that cruel evil glance. She in vited it, sought it, courted it in the very presence of his wife ; won him to her, side, as Gretchen might have won tho Fiend, mothinks, liad she desired.. . I beckoned ; he came. I tolerated the pressure of his false lips upon this hand—upon this hand !"— she continued, raising her right arm aloft and clutching her fingers as if she held a dagger there—"that beckoned him to his death !" Amidst the general gasp of satisfaction which welcomed Anna's tragic declaration, Philip covered his face with his hands. Anna lookedathini for the first time during her confession. "Does anyone doubt my right to the ven geance which has thrust the dagger of the Brotherhood into this supreme wretch ? Let him look upon me !" : Philip, feeling that these words were addressed to him, raised his head and again fixed his oyes upon the speaker. "Let him know why I am a N ihilist of the Nihilists ! Lot him behold my title to vengeance !" As she spoke she tore open her dress, exhibiting a lovely whito arm and part of a boautiful bust, turning at; the samo time with swift rapidity to exhibt her right shoulder and her neck, no farther than is considered correct by ladies of fashiqn at balls and in the opera stalls, but sufficient to thrill iron men who had themselves been witnesses of tho worst of .Russian tortures. Red and blue, deep ridges and welts crossed and re crossed each othor, with intervals of angry patches of red, and weird daubs of grey that blurred and blotted out all remains and tokens of the beautiful form with which nature had endowed one of its loveliest creatures. Ehiljp Jqpjjed, and fell forward upon the table with a'cry of horror, his he^ in hia hands. The others ro.nained dead, still for a few seconds, until Ivan Kostanzhoglo rose quietly fróm his seat, replaced the torn gar ment over the woman's slioulders, and kissed her reverentially upon the forehead. As Anna, herself much overcome, resumed her seat, Andrea Ferrari advanced to Philip and laid his hand upon his shoulder, at whicli'fheyoung fellow looked round. ''Philip Forsyth," aaid Ferrari, "it will.be .against the wish of Anna Klosstock if:you take the oath that will make you, body and. soul, one of us. What have you to say 1" !' Nothing," Jip repliefl. " Pe(;róngyitpb is dead," '• T -1 "• . •' (To be--Continued.) . ¡ 