? ? Mr.. Robert Brace, originally descended from somo brand) of the ancient family of that nauie, was Tboni, in humble circumstances, about the close of the last century, at Dmnfries, in the south of Scotland, and was bred up to a sea- faring life. When- about thirty years o£ age to wit, in the year 1828, he was first mate on a bark trading between Liverpool and St. John's New Brunswick. On one of her voyages bound westward, being then some five or six weeks out, and having neared the eastern portion of the banks of Newfoundland, the captain and mate had been on deck at noon, taking an observation of the sun•, after which they both descended to calculate their day's work. The cabin, a small one, was im- mediately at the stern of the vessel, find the short stairway descending to it ran athwart-ships. Immediately opposite to this staircase, just beyond a small square landing, was the mate's state room ; and from that landing there were two. doors, close,to:, each other, tlie -'one opening.into - tlifc way, into the state-room. The desk in the state-room was in the forward part of it, close to the door; so that anyone sitting at it and looking over his shoulder could see into the cabin The mate, absorbed in his escalation, which did not result as he ex- 1 pected, varying considerably from the dead reckoning, had not noticed the captain's motions. When he had completed his calculations, he called out, without looking round, " I make our latitude and longitude, so and so. Can that be right ? How is yours Receiving no reply, he repeated his question, glancing over his shoulder and perceiving, as he thought, the captain busy writing on his slate Still no answer. Thereupon he rose; aud, as he fronted the cabin door, the figure he had mistaken for the captain raised its head and disclosed to the astonished mate the features of an entire stranger Bruce was no coward; but, as he met that fixed gaze looking directly at him in grave silence, and became assured that it was no one whom lie had ever seen before, it was too much for him ; and, instead of stopping to question the seeming intruder, he rushed upon deck in such evident alarm that it instantly attracted the captain's attention. " Why, Mr. Bruce," said the latter, " what in the world is the matter with you '(' " The matter, sir V Who is that at your desk ?" " ]STo one that I know of." " But there if, sir; there' stranger there." " A stranger ! why, man, you must he dreaming. You must have seen the steward there, or the second mate Who else would venture down without orders ?" '• But, sir. he was sitting in your arm-chair, fronting the door, writing on vous- s];ii.o. '.flu-,!! he .looked up Trill in ijj v :f/»-. ;<< wyr J ,-L -mart .. plainly- -and diKtluetIy., in„ t"liis ' world, I saw Turn.-' - •" •••.-—. <*•' " Him ; whom ?' " God knows, sir; I don't. I saw a man, and a man I had never seen, before m my life. " You must be going crazy, Mr. Bruce. A stranger, and we nearly six weeks out!' "I know, sir; hut then I saw him." •'Go down and see who it is Bruce hesitated. '" I never was a believer m s-bost-s, he said; "but if the truth must be told, sir, I d rather not face it alone.' Gome, come, man. Go down at ouce. and don t make a f"ol of yourself before all the crew.' __ " I hope you've always found ine willing to do what's reasonable, 1 " Bruce replied, changing colour; but if it s all the same to you. sir, I'd rather we should both go down to- gether." The captain descended the stairs and the mate followed him.. Nobody in the cabin! They examined the state-rooms. Not a soul to be found " Well, Mr. Bruce," said the 1 captaiu, "did not I tell you you had been dreaming ? " It's all- vei'F well to say so, sir ; but if I did not see that man writing on your slate,-may I never see my home and family again 1" "Ah I writing on the slate; Then it should be there still.'-- .And - the captain.t-ook it .up; " By. all that is saered," he exclaimed, " here's something sure enough 1 Is that your writing, Mr. Bruce?" . The mate -took the slate ;-and. there,; m plam -legible characters, stood .the; words; "STEER TO THE NOR'-WEST." : • " Have you been trifling -with me, sir P" added the captain,in a stem, mannei " On my woi d as a man and as a" s T I have told jou the exact tiutli " The captain sat down at hi desk-- \- m deep thought, the slate before him, At last, turning the slate over and pushing it tov,aid Biuce, he said " Wnte down " Steer to the nor west " The mate complied, and.,, the captaiu, aftei Jialiowly companngthe two hand, wiitmgs, said, " jVh Bi nee go and -tell the second mate to come downbeie" ^ ' HP came,'' and,-at-the captain's i e quests he ilbOTv oie"-the »same words So didtlie steward" So, in ucceseion, did every man of the cirn who could -write at alf'But not one of the h h " l a m s c m w w o T 1 various hands ~"ieseiji' led m any degLee, tlie^mystgnons wutmg When the ciew fetn ed --the captain •..sat deep m thought""Could anyone have been stowed away it last .he said. TJie_ship must he searched^, and if Idon t find the fellow Jie must be a good,- .hand at^lnde and seek Oruer upjill hands 0 f "Every "nool? and -pomei of 4 the thoroughly vessel ^fiom^spm seaiched JBo^istein 'and that nth was •kuut: he eagemess*of excited'cunosil^, i' Ihc l p"'l 1 id a; nc out 1h il 1 '^stranger ;h.id" hn\Mi "hi111 self 011 l-rord - -but not ? living soul beyond the ciew and -the offi^ei s^ei ejFound 4 RetuiUing-3,0^ ih e^abm aftfei^then jfiuitless search- Ufr ^Bi uae --/saicf -tjie captain ^wliat do you imalce of this ? " ^ (. inrt tell srr^ T wiite, ^you^fitiw _±lienvriS,ing-^'-JI l h< onpst lie something t ^ ^ Hi Well it would seem so. We Have the wind free, and 1 have a great, mind to keep her away and see what, will come of it." ' •'•.-•-•..-<•• "I surely would, sir, if I were in your place. It's only a few hours lost, at the worst." . " Well, we'll see. Go on deck and giveti,e course nor'-west. And, Mr. Bruce," he added, as "itW^iifti^-rose to go, " have a look out aloft, and let it be a hand you can depend;ou." His orders were obeyed. About three o'clock the lookout reported an iceberg nearly ahead, aha, shortly after, what he thought was a vessel of | some kind close to it. As they approached, the captain's glass disclosed the fact that it was a ; disuiautled ship apparently frozen to the ice, aud with a good many human being's on it. Shortly after, they hove to, and sent out the boats to the relief of the sufferers. , It proved to be a vessel from Quebec, bound to -Liverpool, with passengers on board She had got entangled in the ice, and finally frozen fast, and had passed several weeks in a most critical situation. She was stove, her decks swept,—in fact, a mere wreck; all lier provisions andalmost all her water gone. Her crew and passengers had being-.saved, and their gratitude for the -vim expected?,resc ae wMassgpiasppj.s •' As one of the men who- had been brought away in ;tlie third bant thatreached the wreck was -ascending the ship's side, the mate, catching a glimpse of his face, starte'd r back in consternation. It was the very face he had seen, thre„e or four hours before, looking at him from the captain's desk. At first he tried to persuade himself it might be fancy; bat the more he examined the man the more sure he became that he was right. Not only the face, but the person and the dress, exactly corresponded. As soon as the exhausted crew and famished passengers were cared for, and the bark on her course again, the mate called the captain aside. " It seems that was uo.t a ghost I saw today, sir; the man's alive." " What do yon mean P Who's alive?" " Whj', sir, one of the passengers we have just saved is the same man I saw writing on your slate at noon. I would swear to it in a court of justice." "Upon my word, Mr. Bruce," replied the captain, "this gets more and more singular. Let us go and see this man." They found him in conversation with the captain of the rescued ship. They both came forward, and expressed in the warmest terms, their gratitude for. deliverance from a horrible fate—slow-coming death from exposure and starvation. The captain replied that he had but done what he was certain tbey would have done for him under the same circumstances, and asked them both to step down into the cabin. Then turnine to the passerger, he said, " I hope, sir, you will not tlunk I am trifling with yon; but I would be much obliged to ...srou»ifeyoa'^ntonl.d; wi jte a few t* ord-s on t]j si te \ F. 1 J Jill lit Jill J »- .1 . i ! n thatsideupon-whieh'-themysterious wilting v* a not "1 will do any tiling you ask,-' replied the passenger; "but what shall I write ?" ' " A few words are all I -want. Suppose you write, ' Steer to the nor'- west, . The passenger, evidently puzzled to make out the motive for such a request, complied, however, with a smile. The captain took up the slate and examined it closely ; then, step: 2imgaside so as to conceal the slate from the passenger, he turned itover, and gave it to him again with the other side up. " You say that is your hand writing ?' said he. "Ineed not say so,' rejoined the other, looking at r, " for you saw- me write it-." " And -this V said the- captain, turn ing the slate over. The man looked, first at one writing then at the other, quite confounded. At last, "What is the meaning of this P." die said. " I only wrote .one of these. Who wrote -the other ?" "That's more than I can tell you; sir. My mate liere rsays you-.wrote ity sitting• at this desk,- at,u oon to-day." The captain of the wreck and the passenger looked at - each other, exchanging glances, of- intelligence and surprise,; and ;the-former--. asked .*the'' latter, "Did you dream tha yo~ wrote on this slate P" .:-.-•• -•-.-.: \\-.;f . .V'lfoj-'sir.- iiot that;! remember." ^ou spealc of-'dreaming," ;said the' captain of .tlie bark. " What was this gentleman about at noomtovdajl- " Captain/' lejomed the otliei, "the whole thing is most mysterious and extraoidinaiy, and I had intended to speak to you about it as • soon as lye got a little quiet This gentleman (pointing to the passenger) ' "being much exhausted, fell into a heavy, sleepi-'jor'^^at-rSeemed^uGlE^metaniS to^^n^ffi^^^sgs^sfeuJJ^fitJssaBafe Jeanoke and aid. -to me ' Captain ! we shall 1 e leheved tin vei j day • y g ' - w w f i s a — s a B y C w when I asked him what reason he ad foa saving so lie lephed that he li ad dieamed that he vtas on boaid a: baik and that fche S\ i oomin"_to om: t escue He de cubed hei apjieaianeei nd i g 3 and- to oui uttel a tomsTi, v p ^hen youi ve sel hove m sight -coi responded, exactly to In des I ngtion of—hei We had not put; uch faith m vihat Jie sand "yet still 3 e hoped tfheie might be something h n it foi diow nnig men you knoV,, S ill catchat sfci aws As it:hasftu'rned( s I cannot doubt-that it all w a^ ai • A anked, msome incompieheneible way' y an o\ en nling Pi ovide^ice^o encej-.«oi.i;hats that g • .might be sai-'cd. lo •Hiih-.bp-.iiU. c I®?tl§tl the e thanks foi His goffdn 'Ihur is noi i doubt ' lcioined the oil etcaptfljn, tiat ijje^utmgt te, let t ha-ve come'Vhe e,as; i tinay^a-ve3 all your I11, es I was a .steering'it the time consideialily bonth 1 tt of west -wid I altefed mjTcouise, npi' ®est anajhadi, look opt aloft, seef-Wiliat ^vould ^become of^t^sB you sayfyon did nob dt earn of ^itafc on a I bave ^reco: WilltPMJ of doing SO J .rot /piession that the baik-JiI dieamtna criming to * S« • Thereupon Mr. : .Bruee related :;to; theui all t-he circumstances above detailed. The conclusive, they, finally, arrived at -was, that-it i-ivasr.a special interpositiim of Providence to siiv them'.-:fr6rci :: i.Svlaat''seiffl^ft'-'WiVflpBTess fate. ''V; -aboye cated' to me by CapfainX S. Clarke, of the schooner Julia Hallock, who had it. directly from M.r. Bruce himself. . They sailed together for. seven-: teen months, in the years 1836 and 1S37; so that. Captain Clarke had the story from the mate about' eight years after the occurrence. He has since lost sight-of him, and-does not know whether be is yet alive. Al' he has heard of him since they were shipmates is, that he continued to trade to New ' Brunswick, that he became the master -of the brig Comet, and that she was lost. I asked Captain Clarke if he knew Bruce well, and what sort of a man he was. " As truthful and striglijiforward man," lie replied, " as ever I met. in all my life. We were as intimate as brothers; and two men can't be .together, ,slilit up for seventeen months iu the same ship, without getting to - . know .whetherrt-hey ,,:cUiV.'jira.st-...pne another's word :or not... ..He always ;spoke of :ih e-.cire umstaiice -m-.terms • of re^-eroiice, as - oi. an'Mncident. -illat. ,seemed--to ! -briDg' , him'.-nearei.v-to. ; v and.' to aiiothor world..' • I'd stake. Tny. 'life upon it that lie told me no lie." 