LOCAL AND OLJS EltAL. It is eaid tliut a wull-known hutlder, who recently held an ofltciul position on the Dovuniiort Town Board, will contest tlio sest on the hoard' rendered vacant by the reeign'atioii of Mr John Henry. In our last isetto there appeared a para graph! frotu a correspondent at Latrobe in roforenen to the non-liiing of the of the papers at tho library. On enquiry, we Gnd tiiat on July 1 arrangements were made for filing, hut owing to tho petty laiceny uf papers, particularly " The Norili- West Post,'' the files are very incompleto. .Action will.be tuken aguinst offenders if caught. . Ever since the railway to tlie Mersoy wiib cimRlructcd, pedestrians in tho vicinity of tlio wharf have been subjected to a degree of danger froui passing trains, lint now it senilis that the Railway Department have iiwoko from -their lethargy, and havo commenced the inoit desira'. lo work of erecting a foot bridge "ovor the line, op. posite Mr D. Cocker's premises.' We were yesturday shown tile pluus of the bridge, which will be on tlie saute principle us that at Longford. It is to ho 33ft in lonnth, exclusive of tho approaches, and will ho built of wood, with a protection railing on eaeli side. Mr J. Fvato, of Launcoston, bus the supervision of tlio work, and lie informed ua that tho brnlgo Ima lioeo limit and fitted up in the Government Permanent Way Workshops in Lauu- custon, and will lie erected and open for trathc in uliout a fortnight. It will ho a plum, yet substantial structure. Thero will he a meeting of tho Latiohe Water Trust at 2 o clock this ufiernnon, for. the purpaso ot appmnting an engineer to report on the proposed selieuio. Quite a largo number of applications havo keen received. A committee meoting of the Mersey Horticultural Society was hold on Wednes day afternoon, in the/1 own Hall East Devonport. Mr A. Oaten by occupied the chair. Tho secretary reported that the year's operations had been highly success ful, and pjesontod tho balance sheet, winch showed a credit. It was ilecidod to hold the annual meeting on Thursday. July 29. Alter some routine business had heon transacted, the meeting olossd. . .. .. . TI>o host crop of polatneH.I biivu heard of this season (writes our IV.'fvolliinr i'epi'c- Benliillvu).i.wnB grown by Mr .Thiimaa' Shaw, of-Castra . road, who liad 5or Gaorcs .which Yiehlod 9 tons' to ilio. acre, the ruinniniler of t lie. piiddot'k . yielding 6 tiina.' Mr Shaw infiii'ina t iiiu iHiat.. hail : tlio rain come in. time ho would have' had .a vory heavy crop, as I lieru was a largo number tu eueli root jlist too small for. market.: Tlio-o that lire inarkotablo afo' " spjahi'lld ' apeci- mens of the tuber,' and shuuld ifmniniind a Ii tgli liguro for. sued, 'but, . iirifort itnutely, tlio:. growers, as. a rukyilo not euro suf ficiently what kind of suuihlhey pnt iii to give- a little extra. for good'qu'alily. "A lull to cousoliduto and ainehd the law relating to town boards" is.n muaaure of 180 claiisos,'. and repeals " Tho Town Boards Act, 1884" und its uuiending A.cts of 1886 iiiinl 1889. and also suction 1G of '-Tho Dovonporl. Corporation Act." The provieiona rotating to the establishment of a town are the same as tit 'present, as are also tlinso regarding the dutibs of hoards', which shall uonsiet otfuither live or' sovdii nienilioi's, us tlio Gnveriior in-CuiinciL iiiay jltrecl, hut t ho niimbor nf;inuiiiburs of a board may ho incioascil froln fii-o to soyun on petition. A hoard -.'may luvy a town rule not excooding ls'GI in tho £ on the annual or Id hn Ilia" £.Von tlio capital vidua, nnd-ulso it road rutu not excosding is iii'iuox. on loo annual or. in in- uiic £ on tho capital value ; and ii sopuriite local rato may bo lovioil on pfopoitios with in a defined nriia to. u'hicli special ail- , van tiigeH iieei'iis from tiie eiiiTyiog oiit of pulilic works. " BbiirdH linvo power to leiiRO proporlioa, devoting the monoy so derived do'tlic payment of:rutoB.diie upon it. Tlie prnvistoiiB with- riigurd, to.: the amount of inonoy .which it town may liorrnw itru; the same iib|iiow obtains. Altliuugli;cluuso 32 provides tliut tlio chairmar. of a board may, bo paid a salary, claiiso 87 debars any moinher from holding an offico of profit under a board, .sitvu tliut- of .' trcuaiiror, which aoems to bo cuntradictory. The powers of town bonrilaJiave l.uen very much extended under the lull. -. Tlioy may exerotso all tlis powers eonferrpd on ihnni- eipihttus by. J'Tho Piiliuo Actj;- I860," except those in suctions 259 and 26Q'; they, . may. construct .wharves : und 'jottios'and control the iiso of ami trttlfic oii .thuiii ; they may orect market buildings'; weigh- urulgcSj ami' so on, and frumo" by-laws for tlioir. regulation ; tlioy may- construct waterworks, provide drainage, .establish lira brigailus, light streets, "construct butlis, purchase land for recreation grounds, und erect libraries, , museums, hospitals, cliari tiiblo schools, and so on. Two or more hoards may combine for tho purposo of carry ing out or inaintnimng any works for tliatr joint bonufii, ouch .being only liablo for its own proportion of tho oost. Boards havo to appoint u cortuin newspaper in winch all huurd notices shall appear. ' . A man numed" Simmons had u narrow escape from a sarinus aeeident whilst work ing. on tlio wharf ron Tliiirailay night. It aoems tlial.a gang of'nien were em ployed in loading tho s.s.. Flora, and , Simmons was attending to a sling. Onu ot tlie liiliorors wus wheeling a truck,- and : not nntiemg bnnuions, struck : against him, with tlio rosult '.that lie fell over tho wharf into tlio water. Hopes wuro quickly thrown to. him, anil . ho .was hauled up, when it was found tint; : ho had a nasty gash in tho forehead,' - besides several lirmscs, wliieli noeessitatcd him seeking medical unl. The. wonnds vwcro attended taliy 'Mr. Davis, who found it necessary to put a ciiuplu: iifvatitchea In that u'n tlie forulieuil. ' Simmons . met with -a aiuiilar accident aliont twclvo. months eiigii, \yhen lio was consiileraoly knoekinl ubnut. ' 1 - Tlie Ulveratonq Aihafeiir.'Opefiitic 1 So ciety . appeared " ui Ijiitroho -on Tlinrsday uvuning, when they repeated tin/per formance of " Tin ,-Fjratos of PenzaDco" givon nt Ulverstono on Tuesday evening.-. 'i'liey were doaervedly greeted liy u bum per lionse. It is.unneeusaary to 'dilate at length on ilt'o performance, as that at Ulverstono lias boon fully dball witli In- our correspondent, and it will he suffi cient, after fully-endorsing his favorable criticism, to uuu nun several wuo were preecnt at kotli representations assure ua .that the operetta went more sniothly, and tho several performeis hud better sottled down to their work, on the occasion ot tho second representation. Tlio perfor mers may; take to themselves credit for doing exoeedingly well under the very tle- preraing inlliioiieo of an urideiunnstraliro audience, for, while in lividnally wo be lieve tho .universal , verdict was " well done," collectively 'tlie 'audience' was one of the coldest that over damped the lyric or drumatio fire, in tho amateur breast. One or two -mutters in connection witli Thursday night's performance may ho noticed with approval, showing tliut tlio Ulverstono Operatic Society knows how to go ubont that portion of its business which duos not pertain to the stage. In tlie first pluce their patrons foua I in their seulB a neutly gut-up card with tlie cuBt of characters and so on, and ..also , a leaflet containing tlio pint of the operolta, and other, particulars ; and whoa they found it necessary tn delay the raising of the green" fnr a few minutes tlioy put up one of their members to expluiii tlio cuuse of tlie delay, und, us lie could under tlie cir cumstances fairly do, ask tlie indulgence uf patrons. Consequently the short inter vul that elapsed between tho advertised time and that at which the overture com- menced was nut rendered unpleasant hy cat calls and daman-la to ' up with the rag," which are generally iieurd in the cubs of a " wait," caused by the occasion ally prophetic soul of the. gallery hoy euggesting that the ghost has not walked- for the previous performance, and that the delay may he due to tho nccoai-ity of udjuBting financial ilifficiiltiaB b fur j tlio peifiiriiiance oan begin. Thore wero a great many Devonport residents pioiont, tlio Bpeoial train from Ulverstonn bomg fuirlv crowded. Ilio pruceeda of tlie evening were in unl of the funds of the Devon Oottagu Hospital. One uf the prin cipal uuis tu the success of the perfur- tnanoo was tho very fine scenery painted by Mr B. G. Btut'ered. Mr S'tutterd is we.l-known as tin expert with the brush, but in the eeenary for the Ibratos lie may be said to have oxueiled hiiuaolt, showing that if he liad followui linuscupe or murine painting aa a protussion lie must have risen to u high position tliorein- Tlio Wesloynn Clmrcli authorities of West Davonpurt liavu socuroil an able succusBor to tliu Rev E. Nye (who has been transferred to E.nii Bav) in the por-- son of Pastor Alplionao Bunton. This gentleman will preach to morrow at II at East Devonport, at 3 at Wesley Vale, and at 7 at West Devonport. The Rev W. Burrnlgo will oiinduct a -children's semen in West Devonport church at 3 in the afternoon. At the Luli'ohe Police Court iin Wedniy- ilay, tiufuro Mi Nut linn, 1'Zq, JvP., David; Junes ploaduil gniily to a cluirgu ofrbeibgj drunk and disordorly, aii l. was fined hi, with tho alloriialive oF' throo days' im prisonment .—On Thursday; before P. 0. Maxwell, Esq, P.M., Owen McCarthy, for disturbing the poace, wits fined 6s, with tlio alternative of twenty-four hours' im- priaonment, .and Richard - Martin and-. George Murphy, fur being alrniik and dip- ui'ilurly, wore mulct in a like ponulty.— -Ycatai'day, buforu M. Nathan, -Esq, J.P., David Jonoa Was again oliuigud wilh ueing ilrunk and ilism-durly. He was dined 10s| witli the ttltdriiativo of soven days' impri; Boiuuent. Micliaul Hanluy, for a similar offence, was fined 5<, ur, in default, tlipcq days' imprisonment. ; At tlio Forth Police Court on Thursday! before J. U. Dundiia, Esq, J. P., ii well- known character named: Louisa. Pick ford, nlins1 Sluds; ai'iis Cowl, was clinrgud; with hiitng.driink and disordbt'ly. .. Tlie licensed, 'who -pleaded guilty, was fined £1, with tho alternative of a iven, days' imprison ment. /James Onions pleaded guilty to a charge. of /hoing drunk and discrilcrly, und tb: a- apconil. clmrgo of using ohsceno language. ; The acctiacd, who was arrested by Sergcaiitv Calhihaii, . wue . sentenced to. soven'. days' imprisoninent on each, charge, without tile option of a fine, the sentences lil iiB UlllllMIULI Vu «... \- At" the Ulverstono Police Court on Thursday, hoforo U. L. Crowtlior, Esq', S.M., John Gndfray iiud Ellen Coleman . pleudcd giiilty to a clmrgo ;bf iioiug drunk and disorderly. : Tlioy wmo onch. lined 6s; with the Wternutivo of twenty-four Imurk'. imprisoninent. Among the -passengers hy Tlnusday'a midday train to Ulvorstune was an impor tant; addition to the live ' stock of the district In tho shape of the pure Ayrsliiro hull, Wuitiiti, iiy Pride of -Wiiiliiti (imp), from Primrose, wliieli utiimul lias been pur- chnaeil liy Mr Wriglit, of Upper. Ciislra, from llio well-known ,brcodpr, Mr Thoiuaa Uogafth, of Elpliin: Waitnli is a very good specimen of .the great cheoso-miiking : bruoiT of cattlo, and appears to ' in inn-' .vigorous healtli. It is-pleiiBarl t -u v.- in record any additions calculated to impruvi. tiie liyo stock of tlio district,: espociully us tliero'is so much rooin for such improve ment. Somo evil-disposod person poisoned n valuable pointer bclonging to a resident of Stewart street, West Devonport, en Wednesday niglit. The dog wub. given tin arsenical preparation. ; . Services will bo hold .in tlie various chnrchos in tlio .district to- morrow aa fol low : — In connection with tlio Anglican :donoinination, at St : Paul's Cliurcli,, East Devonport, nt II ii.ih., 3.30, and 7 p.m. ; at the Church Building, Weal Devonport, at 11 a.m. and 7 p.in. ; und at Nortlidown, tit 11 a.m../- In 'connection/with tlie ;W.eBleyiin . _dciiomihalion, nt .Eiist Devonport, at 11 a.m., iiy Pastor A. Bunton,- and at 7\. p.m. by tho Ri-v W. Biirridgi! ; -nt Weal Devonport, nt 11 a.m., by. the Rev W. Iiiiri'iilgo, and lit 7 ji.m., by : Pastor A. Runton'inand at. Wesley Vale/at 3 p.m., : by Pastor A. Bunton. At tlip Congrega tional .Oliiircli,' West/ Devon pi.rf, aervics iwill bo hold hy Mr Stokes/at' ri:ii.in.,,iin|l. hy lite Rev J. G.. Wright at .7 p.m. Scr- Ivico will bo liuld in tlio Biiptiat Church, ,AVest Deyonpbi t, at 11 a.in and 7 p.in. hy .Piistor 11. Williauiaqn, and iit Spreylun at 3p,m. hy Mr Stokes/ , .". : The nsuat iiiohtlily ontortainmcnt in 'cnnnoctinn witli the Latrobe Band of Hupo will lib held in tlie Oddfellows' Hull on Monday evening, when a first-olusa pfo- graimno will he submiited, and a collec tion will lio taken up in aid of Mr Wil liam llcrron, who was formerly one of tho must earnest workers in the Band, and who ie old ago is afflicted, anil entirely .dependent upon charity for his susten ance. It is to be Imped th'lt all who lis- ten to the excellent songs, recitations, 4c, tliut will be given will at least give some Irifiu to holp this pour old man, and thus assist in brightening some of the duys remaining to Tiim. We remind sporting men tliut entries lor the various events to lie run at the hack race meeting at Sheffield on Wednesday, close with tlie secretary, Mr E. Kees, to day. A sale of gifts.hy young people of East Duvor.port, in .aid of the Zenana Mission, is to ho held in the Weeleyun Church Pavilion from 2 till 5 o'clock on TLiirsduv aftornoon. , , " Readings /from Dickens, interspersed witli musical and vnoul select inns," is set down/on /the- programme for the weekly mooting of 'the Devonport Literary Asso ciation on 'Tuesday evening, und there ia no doubt that lovers of tlio quaint writings of ,1110 immortal Charles, "tlio greutast novelist England has produced," us one writer puts it, will avail themselves of the opportunity of hearing some of his famous pieccB read by members of tlie association. Referring tn tlie shearing difficulty in New South Wulea, tho Sydney corres pondent of the Melbourne "Telegraph," writing on Tuesday, says : — Out of 350 free laborers brought to Bourke this morn ing, only 40 left by steamer. Tlie whole town ia unionist, and no bread, maul, or accommodation will ho provided for non union laborers who will not join tlie unions. One prominent pastorulist threatened a unionist with nn uxo- handle, and lie cot terribly handled. Several imported la borers jumped from the train windows to join the union. Some jumped from tlie 8teamer8 and swam nshore. Tho unionists provided 10 traps, and as the men joined them flung their swags on hoard to ensure them stopping. There was some disturb ance, tint no urreats. Groat exoitement prevails ; but the town is pcrfuctlv quiet Two-thirds of the imported laborers joined tho unionists. Nut-un arrest has been made. Tlio squatters are disheartened, und are understood to be spreading canurds as to riots. It appears from the return of the Regis trar General that tho deaths in London during tho second week in May, primarily attributed to infliienia, winch had been 10, 37, and 148 in the preceding three weeks, further rose to 26b in that weok, lining mere tlian double the highest number in any week of lust year. In addition < tn those 266 deaths, there were 61 cases in which influenza was certified to huve oc curred in the course of other diseuxcs. The deaths interred to diseases of the respiratory organs, which in the preceding tlireo weeks had been 471,588, anil 584, exceeding the corroctod averages by 83. 219, and 240,. wore 612 in the weuk referred to, and 295 in excess of the corrected average ; 346 deaths were attributed to bronchitis and 207 to pneumonia, again-! corrected averages of 173 and 100. /// Hi- : v'-' . ' .Mc.JV.-Litplau, consulting milling agent, 1 has reported iiiiist fiivur.ibly on the pro perty of ' "tlie Southern Cross Proprietary Silvcrniiniog Company, at Middlesex, con cluding by stating that, lie believes a roaHcnuble amount of capital; laid out with aklH .aml economy, will jptkee the company iun-ing the foremost of Tasmania's very valuable silver vouturua. : . : A meeting is na'led for Wednesday evening, in tlio Formliy Hall, with 'a viuw to funning u dramatic club in Devonport. A man must be an inveterate udvortiser (writes "Atticus"' in "The Leader") who itoea net slacken' hi efforts in till! presence of death.- Dr Beaiicy's will ia a tesiumunt that i-h'iulil ! malt o the shade of Burnuiii foal mora Hhuil.v than ever, and cause the ghost of Hnllowuy te extinguish itself in ointment. There is a touch of got! main a man hi'qiii'uthing £1000 to tho Dean and Chap- tor of Canterbury Cathedral conditional on his name biting posted up in the aisle fur all lhhe;'anil ordering that the inonuy shall ha kept from them if they declinu to lie bribed. Then all Hid scholarships through out the world are to be. ticketed with the ili-tingiiislied cognomen, as also the insti tute for working men, whore aro to bo enshrined the " medical diplomas, 'military lueoratious, illuminated addresses, cer tificates; liconaea, testimonials (including, I presume, those purchased and paid for Iiy lite neoensuil, though ostensibly given by grateful patients), gold medals, to gether with crest, scrap hook, twu vol umes. of " Men of tha Time," a photograph of tlio testator in fancy dross, his gold (over again) and silver models, suvorul portraits of hiuiself in oils," Ac, 4b. ' To what a pinnacle of self-conceit a poor lminin creature mii-t attain before ho would venture to huvo a document of this sort to be read over his mouldering corpse I 