CONSECRATION OF ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. PROGRESS OF THE CHURCH. IMPORTANT CEREMONIES. The consecration of St. Patrick’s Cathedral on Sunday next will be a memorable event in the annals of Roman Catholicism in this diocese, and to the Australian church gene- rally the ceremony will be.of considerable interest. Numerous Catholic’churches have in various parts of the colonies been dedi cated, and several have been consecrated, but St. Patrick’s of this city will be the first cathedral in this quarter of the world within whose portals the august ceremony of santification has been performed. The ceremony has many things to commend it to the members of the faith, and next to the mass it is perhaps one of the moat im portant celebrations of the church. Regard ing the mass, which will, nf course, be said in connection with the consecration, an eminent ecclesiastic writes:—“ The mass, in what ever light we consider it, is the most solemn act of religion. It is the most acceptable offering we ever make to God—the most adorable sacrifice in which Christ Himself is both priest and victim, our daily homage by which we adore the Almighty—the indis pensable rite which enables us .to sanctify tho Sunday in the most perfect way. It is the centre' upon which the whole economy of religion turns, towards which all other parts have some tendency or from which they mostly derive their meaning.” Tn reference to tho ceremony of consecra tion, the Canons of the Roman Catholic Church enjoin that there shall be a fixed stone altar in the church to be consecratvd, and that the church itself shall be wholly free of debt. The reason for this proviso is that chufches are consecrated to be a per petual centre of daily worship for the congregation assigned to then].' On the other hand the church is opposed' to attaching the seal of consecration to any thing or to any edifice which might in the future revert to profane uses. The cathedral of Ballarat is now wholly out of debt, and hence Dr Moore is able to satisfy a very laudable desire on the part of his people of bringing at least the principal church of his diocese’ within the full provisions of the ecclesiastical canons. The Roman Catholic Church, it may be added, dates the practice, or the obligation, of consecrating altars and edifices to Pope Sylvester tho First, who reigned in the first quarter of the fourth century. It was during Sylvester’s ponti ficate that Constantine became a convert to Christianity, aud it is said that the Imperial Neophyte was baptised by the pnpe named. The history of the church relates how Constantine’sedicts agaiustChristian worship were abolished, and how -he showed his in tention of practically embracing Christianity by erecting at his own expense a church on the Latern Hill in honor of the Saviour, Romau Church history further tells that this chuich was consecrated by Sylvester, who had the wooden chest, on which his prede cessors had been wont to celebrate mass, fixed on the high altar of the new Basilica. The Pontiff enacted, however, that thence forward all altars throughout Christendom should be nf stone, and that none but the Pope himself might officiate on the time honored wooden altar at the Latern. These laws of Pope Sylvester are strictly observed in the Roman Catholic Church of the present day; for wherever even a temporary altar is erected, as we daily see in these missionary countries, the consecrated altar stone is always indispensable; and every such altar stone takes the full aud very lengthy cere monies that make up . the rite of consecra tion. It may-be observed that a stone altar may be consecrated without the consecration of the church itself; but the church cannot be consecrated unless there is likewise an altar for consecration. . The Church in Ballarat. Roman Catholicism in Ballarat dates from the period of the early gold discoveries. Mass was first celebrated here by the Rev. P. Dunne (now Dr Dunne, of Goulburn). The first church consisted of a tent 30 x 15, and was situate on an acclivity near the old bridge on the Gong Gong road. In this rude structure Father Downing (afterwards arch deacon of Geelong) officiated, and then Father Smythe (of Eureka Stockade fame), and close by thecanvaschurch was the tent in which the clergyman resided. In 1853 a • more pre tentious structure, dedicated to St. Alipiu", was built on,Bakery Hill (on the site of the present church in ' Victoria ■ street). Its dimensions were "about'66 x 24, the side and end walls being, composed of. slabs, palings forming the upper parts of the gables, with a canvas ;roof. Later on, ns the Roman Catholic population increased, this “make shift” gave place to a wooden building, and subsequently, in-1872, the present bluestoiie edifice—the foundation, stone of which was laid by DrGoold, then Bishop of Melbourne, was commenced,- and was completed in 1874 Dean (now Bishop) Moore took a very promi nent part at, and before this period, in the ad vancement of his church in Ballarat, and to his endeavors, and to the enterprise of the parishioners is due the marked progress of of Roman Catholicism on these goldfields. Following Father Smythe' came Father Madden, ay ho had as coadjutor Father Fenuelly. It was Father Madden who initiated the scheme for the erection of St. Patrick’s, the foundation stone of which was laid on the 7th February, 1858, by Dr Goold. The Prelate was presented with a gold chalice ns a memento of the occasion, and the architects, Messrs Shaw and Dow dell, received a handsome silver trowel. Mr Kerr was the contractor for the first portion nf the church, which was dedicated by Dr Goold on the Bth November, 1863, Dr Shiels preaching the sermon. ' The building com mittee were as follow:—Rev! P. Madden, Messrs W. C. Smith (now colonel), M. J. Cummins, Richard Wrigley, A. J. Forbes, John Cummins, J. Tappin, John Keane, J. Daly, J. J. Graber, Richard Belford, Denis Keys, W. M. Brown, -aud M. C. Carey (secretary). Of " the above committee the following are deceased:—Father Madden (who died in Ireland), M. J. Cummins, Keane, Belford,'Keys,- and Brown. Dr Goold, who laid the foundation stone and dedicated the church, is also dead. The first meeting of the building committee was held early in 1857, and the work of erection was pretty well in hand when the Rev. Madden proceeded to anew field of labor. Father Madden, on leaving Ballarat, was succeeded by Dr Shiels, afterwards bishop of Adelaide; It-was through tho instru mentality of the latter -gentleman that por tions of the nave and aisles were built. Dr 'Shiels- was in 1865 succeeded by Dean Moore, who found the portions of the church already erected heavily in debt. The liability, was,’ however, wiped off by the dean in the course of a year, and he called for fresh tenders for the completion of the uave and aisles, with the additions of tran septs, chancel, chapels, and sacristies, the contract price being £25,350. In 1869, when the church was opened, the debt was not over £lBOO. The total expenditure up to date on the church, which became a cathedral on the consecration of the late Bishop O'Connor, whose remains are interred within the building, is about £40,000. This sum ■ includes the cost of the marble altar, made to special order in Rome, at a cost of £l3OO, by the famous marble worker, Senor Leonard!; also the outlay on the stained glass windows, tiles, pulpit, &c.; The cathedral, the archi tecture of which is gothic, will not be com plete until the spire and tower have been erected, but it is expected that this work will be commenced ere long. So far the building operations have been carried out in three contracts, and the plan adapted was that executed by Hansom, of London, and was intended originally for St. Patrick's Cathed ral. Melbourne, The executive works committee for the improvements just completed are;—Messrs D. Brophy, K.S.G.; J. Coghlan, K.S.G.; Martin Longhlin, J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., D. Fitzpatrick, J.P., J. B. Pearson, Jehn Martin (Sebastopol), G. Fitzgibbon, M. Reardon, F. M ‘Govern, R. T. Hager, and W. White, with the veteran Mr Carey again as secretary. t. The New Altar. The new marble altar is a splendid piece of workmanship. In style it is severe Gothic. The table is nine feet in length, reredos about 20 feet, while the top pinacle that surmounts the canopy has a length of 14 feet. The steps and predella are in Carara marble, with which the table is also composed. The a'ntependium is encrusted with dlabaster and malachite, which material is-also largely used in the enrichment of the wings and grade on either side-of the taber nacle. On the tabernacle' there are foils of lapis lazuli. Besides these precious mate rials, most of the encrusted work on the altar is of antique marble, and the colonettes of the canopy are in rosso-antico. Marble altars for each of the side chapels have bjen ordered in Rome, and they will be delivered in Ballarat shortly. Beautiicl Windows. The central window over the high altar in the cathedral was made by Messrs Clayton and Bell, of London. It cost £5OO, and is of Gothic.design. The subject is the sacrifice on Calvary, which is illustrated - on' the higher panels by subjects from the Old Testament. -Viewed from, the body of the cathedral this window, which was presented by Miss Carpenter, has a beautiful appear ance, and' lights up the surroundings of the high altar. ' The costly wiudow on the left of the high altar has for its subject the "Virgin and Child,” the panels containing representations from the Old Testament, which are regarded by Roman Catholics as types of the virgin mother of Jesus. In tho chapel, on the right of the high altar, the window has for its one subject " The Last Supper,” illustrated, as in the cases of the other windows, by Biblical subjects. The pretty tiles in the chancel are repre sentative of the four symbolical figures nf the evangelists, and are a present from Dr Moore, who purchased them in Austria, at a cost of £4OO. Anew oaken pulpit, beauti fully polished, has been erected in the edifice, and a handseme throne, elaborately draped, has beeu placed inside the com munion railings, on the left of the high altar, in place of the one that has done duty for some years. Late Improvements. The consecration of the cathedral haviug been decided on, Dr Moore took immediate steps for the carrying out of the work of internal renovation, and external improve ment. When tenders were invited it was hoped that a local firm would get the con tract, but a perusal of the tenders showed that Ballarat decorators were too high in their prices as compared with Melbourne colorists, the difference in figures being about £l7O. The bishopregretted that the work was not obtained by Ballarat tradesmen, but as the £l7O was a somewhat heavy item, the Melbourne tender, which amounted to £5OO, could not, in the interests of the congrega tion, be rejected. With extras, the deco rating add renovating will entail an outlay of betweed £BOO and £9OO. The contractor for the decorations is Mr S. W. Mouncey, of Melbourne, who so suc cessfully carried out a similar work at Government House, Sir W. J. 1 Clarke’s country residence at Sunbury, and other palatial edifices. The decorations of the cathedral are in keeping with the style of: architecture (Gothic). In the nave the -art of . the decorator is most pro minently displayed. Over each arch the ornamentations comprise tile pattern on cold biscuit ground, with a deeper shade of ornament, relieved with red and blue. The upper portions are in yellow drab, with a handsome blue frieze, and ornaments in two shades nf biscuit color, with crimson aud gold. The trancepts and side aisles are painted in. a very rich terracotta, with frieze same as nave, the whole being finished around with an artistic dado and rail, in which blend golden colors, and forming a collection nf harmony that is highly effective. Iu respect to the chancel, the ceiling panels are set off in sombre blue, enriched with a biscuit-color ornament and gold, outlined in rich wood colors. The tables are of a yellow green, backed with crimson and massively gilded. The chancel walls are in deep crimson, with golden colored Gothic ornaments to form the diaper. The background is formed of old gold color, with ornaments of senna and bine surmounted by bronze ornaments repre sentative of shamrocks. A magnificent dado, with illuminated hand-painted rail in bronze and gold, bases the whole of the chauoel and gives to this part of the cathedral a beauti ful, and massive appearance. In each of the side chapels the ceilings are done in pale blue, with wood color and crimson ornaments. The walla in these chapels are painted iu a deep sage green, with a dado the same as chancel. Massive decorations appear on the side columns and arches, and the whole of the backgrounds are picked out in crimson and blue, highly hitched with bright gold. Tho bases of the columns are' adorned with -imitation fretwork, and the' skirting is painted in wine color and cinnamon. Considerable attention has also been paid the organ gallery. The pipes of the organ have beeu brilliantly decorated in gold, bronze, and other colors, and viewed from the centre of the spacions building the instrument stands nut effectively with the surrounding ornamentations. On the whole the work of renovation reflects very great credit on Mr Mouncey and his staff, and maintains for them the honor of being among the leading colorists in Victoria. Mr Nutting was the clerk of works. Church, Property. . It may be interesting to mention that the property at present owned by the Roman Catholic body in Balla rat West and Ballarat East, is valued at £lBO,OOO as follows:—St. Patrick’s Cathedral and grounds, £50,000; convent* and grounds, Mary’s Mount, Wendouree, £30,000; Loretto day school, Dawson street, £7000; Nazareth House, £15,000; Redemp torist Monastery, £12,000; bishop’s palace, £12,000; Holy Ghost College, £9000; St. Alipius Cliurjh and grounds, Ballarat East, £16,000; Ballarat East convent and grounds, £7000; Christian Brothers’ schools, &c.;, £15,000; miscellaneous property, £7OOO. Much of the prosperity which has attended the Roman Catholic Church in this diocese is due to the untiring exertions of Dr Moore, whose work in founding scholastic estab lishments and charitable institutions has gained for him the admiration of his co religionists throughout Australia. The Bishops and their Flock. Dr O’Connor, the first bishop of Ballarat, was consecrated at Rome on the 17th May, 1874, and he died iu Ballarat on the 14th February, 1883, aged 55 years, and the 9th of his episcopate. His successor, Monsignor Moore, was consecrated second bishop in the Cathedral on the 27th April, 1884, in the presence of a large assemblage of bishop", .priests, and laity; Father Cahill, S.J., preaching the consecration sermon. It is estimated that the Roman Catholic population of the diocese of Ballarat totals about 38,000. In the mission there are 42 secular priests and 12 regulars, the latter being members of the Redemptorist aud Holy Ghost orders. Dr Moore has a wide field of labor, his diocese extending from Cape Otway on the south to Mildura on the north, to Mount Gambier on the west, to Maryborough on the cast. As vicars general the bishop has Monsignor Hoyne, of Ballarat, and O’Dowd, of Warrnambool. The popular Dr Delaney is his secretary. The Coming Ceremony. The consecration ceremony to be per formed on Sunday next will be of a some what lengthy character. A large number of dignitaries will take part in the proceedings, including Cardinal Moran (who is to be accompanied by his private secretary. Dr O’flaran), Archbishops Carr (Melbourne), Reynolds (Adelaide). Murphy (Hobart), Dunne (Brisbane), and Redwood (Welling ton); Bishops Moore (Ball*»rat), Corbett (Sale), Reville (Sandhurst), O’Reilly (Port Augusta), Dunn (Wilcannia), Torregiua (Armidale), Moran (Duuedio), Higgins (Sydney), aud Murray (Maitland). The bishops nf Grafton and Goulburn are at pre sent in Europe. A number of leading mem bers of Parliament have been invited to attend the consecration, and a similar courtesy has been extended to citizens of Ballarat of all persuasions. 11 There will be Pontificial High Mass, com mencing at 10 o’clock, and Cardinal Moran will preach the sermon. In the evening, at vespers. Dr Redwood, Bishop of Welling ton, will fill the pulpit as a substitute for Dr Carr,- who has not yet completely recovered from his attack of influenza. At the early service Hummel’s grand mass in E flat will be sung by a powerful choir, with full orchestral accompaniment. Mr Wi igley will act as conductor. Music for the string parts has been specially written by order of Dr Moore, who is sparing no expense to make this part of the service a great success. Mrs Palmer, of Melbourne, will sing the soprano parts of the mass, and Madame Christian the alto. Signor Buzz!, another eminent voca 'list, will be the baritone, and our popular Mr J. W. Burton will render the tenor por tions of the mass. The chorus includes the leading church singers of Ballarat and dis trict. Over 200 guests will attend the dinner to bo held in the afternoon at the Holy Ghost College. On Monday evening one of the visiting prelates will address the confra ternity of men, and on Friday evening an address will be given before the confra ternity of women. During the week the whole of the visiting prelates will be enter tained at concerts by the pupils of the coii vents and'day schools. 