HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship " Mary Compton.'' of Bristol, Kngland, wis struggling with a fearful sale i ff the cost of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and tbe Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. The lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and tbe) were safe. Sure of his position, be sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the 'hip struck with a fearfnl shock and went to pieces. Feur men in. eluding the Captain were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, meet by the lights. Hope :s the moat important lighthouse in the world What shall be eaid of the man who darkens it in the fac-e of a storm»tossed spirit ? " Yov are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a women who hud come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to aav ao ? No; for he might be wrong—and in any case he bed no business to put out the light. This woman had been^ll for aome time. In June, 1889\. she was greatly alarmed by her symptomi, Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy sbe could scarcely stand. Her bead whirled " and " the eaii), " all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. Sae broke out in a sweat although cold aa death. A dreadful cough racked her fame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. " I could scarcely crawl about the bouse," ahe says, " 1 was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' 1 have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians The last one said, ' You arepast human aid.' "My heart ^ank within me, for I .had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went hoine and cried tili I was sick. I had no appetite and h«d lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ? My mother came to see me but did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it uotill Monday morning. " At this time I remembered that Mrs, Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill in East Street, Leeds twhere I live), had been cured by Mother Seiael's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jt-eson's, the Chemist in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting and by degreee from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back I am now (April, 1890), in better health thaa aver before in my life. "Ishould have taken MotherSeigel's'Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the fact6 I have related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry." (Signed), Mrs Ann Mills, 40 Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspc-Dsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tnle to tell, She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 