f VISIT OF GENE lU.L BOOTH. AN INTERVIEW WITH THE GENERAL. HIS "DARKEST ENGLAND" SCHEME. AN ENTHUSIASTIC WELCOME. OVERFLOWING MEETINGS ¡ON SUNDAY. S '.urday commenced early for General Booth. Shortly after 9 o'clock ho was waited upon at the residence of Mr. Thomas Finnoy by the Revs. W. Richer, R. Stewart, J. Addison, and R. Kerr, who, on behalf of tho denominations having churches nt Toowong, welcomed him to Brisbano. They had scarcely gone when tho Chief Secretary, Sir S. W. Griffith, drovo up lo thollouso and was closeted with the Goneral for some little time. Tho Minister for Lands was the next to oall upon the Gonoral, whose time was fully taken up till half;past 11.' Ho then loft Mr. Finnoy's houso for the first timo. Ho was driven to Govornmont Houso, whore ho had an interview with his Excellency the Governor. The General oonfessod to a little fooling of weari- ness on Saturday morning, but ,tho formidable work before' him did not seem to appal him much. He was dcoply impressod at tho genuineness and heartiness of Friday evening's reception. He received tho clorgymon from Toowong in a very kindly mannor, and listened attentively to tho words of welcome, enoouragement, and sympathy which foil from their lips. Here and thore he intorjootod a " Hear, hear," or mado some sign of approval of tho viow3 thoy expressed. At the close of their remarks the General, in a quiet tone of voico, replied ns follows :-" I am very muoh obliged to you, gontleraon, for saying these kind words to mo. Thoy aro never old, thoy are never without effeot, and perhaps I may say especially when they como from thoso of my brethren who are most likoly to understand what I want to do and the way I am trying to accomplish it. My social schome fordelivoring tho hopeless and help- less and wretched crowds of people who congré- galo in our groat cities everywhere is based on principles which are of world-wi'do application and will, I fully believe, lond themselves to all who want permanently to alter this dass of distress. At tho prosont moment I apply them speoially to tho old country, and I say that there is nothing in thom whioh is not praotical or realisable^ The schome imposes no religious condition upon those whom wo undertake to holp, nevertheless if you know anything about the Salvation Army or about myself, you will know we shall look upon it and shall uso it as a lever by whioh we may save permanently these people from the chains of hopelessness and indolence and help lossnoss which bind them, and from tho despair' whioh is perhaps the strongest agent in the fettering of faoulties of human nature Wo hope to broak these fottors, and toset thesepeoplofreo. Our objoot is not morely to bottor tho material blind-the Inward oyes-and make mon soo othor glorios and other riches besides thoso that pass away, and to bring men to a sonso of the conquering and overcoming power of tho Divino Spirit in tile souls of the -poople. You will naturally understand that, and therofore I ox. poet the sympathy of my brethren everywhere.' It is vory gratoful to mo when it comos. Ithink 'sometimos that I havo a piece of the parson loft in mo, hut I have come to attach much loss, importauoe to creedal differences and attach much greater importance to heart union-(hoar, hear-and I cannot help think- ing that if we could come closer together and more heart to heart, these distinctions which keep the Churches apart would vanish. I used to say, without attaching, much importance to my poor abilities, that if 1 had not become tho apostle of tho poor, it I had not given myself body and soul to help those who were utterly outside all human hope or- nearly so, I would boooms tho apostle of union, and bring brethren together who, I am certain, ought not to be apart. If they oould but go to sleep and forgot a few things that constitute their differences of opinion they would wako up next morning and wonder how they ever kept apart. I have said before, and I-believe it now, that the Salvation Army is destined to do something in the direction of bringing not only thoso who are ono in Christian fooling and In all tho main principles whioh we hold to be correct closer together, but to draw to uso the multitude whose hearts aro in sympathy with thoso great quastions and problems,, for whioh tho pooplo suffer sp acutely.' ' I havo rooeivod sympathy from infidels, and havo been told by thom that I did not stand the ghost of a chanco oí oarrying on my work without religion. Religious enthusiasm thoy said was tho only thing whioh would holp thoso poor pooplo. I know you sympathise with my oauso. You lava my Saviour and bollovo in my roligion booauso you lovo tho poor and are glad for any ono to help thom." Tho Gonoral thon shook hands with the rov. gentlomcn, and thoy withilrow. INTERVIEW WITH THE GENERAL. Tho rovorond gentlomon having withdrawn, tha Goneral turned to our representativo, and with a brusqua but not unkindly, " Now, nowspapor man," motioned mo to a Boat opposite to him. His timo _ was limited, and ho was ovidently desirous of getting through tho intorview as quickly as possiblo. Rooognising that faot myself I at onoe proparod to mako the best uso of tho opportunity. It was not necessary to profaao my question with any formal preliminaries. Being intorviowed was no novolty to the Gonoral ; it is doubtful whothor it was oven pleasant. Sinoe ho loft London ho has boon intervlowod and rointorviowed by all sorts and conditions of soribos ; and ho might fairly havo dismissed tho latest roprosontativo of thoso sooial inquisitors with tho assuranco that ho had said all ho intondod to say or indood oould say. Fortunatoly for ino ho did not tako that viow, but ho lont as ready an oar to my ques- tions as if I had been tho first Prossman who had called upon him bout on businoss. Tho Oonoral waa not only kindly tolorant, but ho was communicative, and in tho course of our conversation ho gavo somo interesting infor- mation na to tho sooial and roligious objoots which, as a man and hoad of tho Salvation Army, ho has In viow. Ho did not oomplain of having boon ovor-intorviowod, but I lcarnad subsequently from an otllcor that he fared worst in that rospoot in Amerioa. Thero ¡ntorviowing was Inflicted upon him whothor ho wished it or not. Indcod ho was not consultod about tho matter. Ho had simply to submit to tho ordeal, or havo an ¡ntorvlow manufactured for him. In Now York, whon ho was driving to tho place at which ho intondod staying, his cab was hailed by a strangor, who jumped in and sat down bosido tho Gcnoral as if ho had boon a bosom friond. Boforo tho Gonoral had recovered from his astonish- ment tho strangor had tinnounood that ho was a roportor, had taken out his note-book, and instruotod tho oabmon to drop him at tho Herald ollliio. I did not hoar whothor tho Gonoral mot with any similar o^porionoo in tho Southern colonies. Ho mado no complaint, and evidently rogardod tho intorvlowor as a parson who had to bo faocd in ono way or anothor. Ho did not oven oxpross any ill-will towards tho 8pooios. Ho good humotirodly informed mo that ho had hopo oven for roportors, but ho oonfossod that it was golting faint. What had oontvlbntod to tho diminution of his faith in Proasmon ho did not Bay, but I put It down to tho Gonoral's treatmont In Amorica. Probably if tho intorvlowor I havo roforrod to had had tho way Butoothod for him by ciroumstauoos or surroundings as I had ho would have waltod on tho Oonoral at his homo and not in lila cab. Tho day was a beautiful ono, and Mr. Finnoy'B drawing-room vory ploasant and qulot. It was dooldodly more coratortablo than a cab. Everything was so qulot within and without tho houso that If tho Gonoral had boon ogrooablo tho intorvlow might havo been protraotod indefinitely. I' rom roligious and sooial rjuoattons tho conversation, might have turned upon less praotical ques- tions. That is if General Booth had been less a practical man'and moto of a poet. Poetry did not enter into tho conversation, and the General did not indicate that he had poetical leaning. What'ho saidwasof a piactical or rather mattor-of-faot character. Undctlylng all was evidently deep religion feeling and a broad1 "and masterful grasp of social questions and problems. Per- haps it would not be going too far to say that Gonoral Booth seo3 in his social scheme tho solution of all snoh questions and problems. The object of his visit to Australia natuially suggested itsnlf at the opening of our conversa- tion. " It is understood," I said, "that your object in coming to Australia ¡3 to make an inspsa tion of the Salvation Army woik hoie, and to inquire how far it will be desirable lo foim ono of your oversea1 colonies in this part of the vvoi'ld?" . ' " Ye?," ho replied, " that is correct, and to acquaint myself vvith the conditions of labour and to satisfy myself that tho plans I am pro posingaro feasible. I want to perfostly satisfy my- self as to this, for oven at this late hour thore is time to stop. I havo never boen ashamed of owning that I have hoon mistaken, and I am quite willing to do so now it it can be shown that I am wrong. So far no one has stood straight up to mi; no ono has come to argue the thing out with me. I wish some ono would do that. Until any one does I can only concludo that they really believe that I have got hold of corroct principios whioh are likely to prove successful, or that thoy aro uncertain about their own opinion. I say boldly to Australia, 'Here is an opportunity by which you can help thoso orovvds of people at home. You aro under somo obligation, if it is only from distant relationship to tho country whioh I hear many of you call home. You navo_ somo humanitarian obligation surely, and without injuring yourselves you may really do your- selves a mighty bènf fit. You could put three millions of people ¡' on thoso Darling Downs whioh I came through last night ; you could mako a long fencb acro3s thom or put high walls around thom,1 and they would novor inter- fere with the weal bf Australia m any shape or form.' They would not competo against any of your working men. I am opposed to> all competition; I would not have oompotition oven in the {jamos that aro played by boys at sohool. I am opposed to the wholo business of j competition except in love and good work, in doing one's host for one's fellow-man and irj coming nearest in resem- blance in character to God. This competition in trade, in my opinion, is wrong, and is the root of this suffering of mankind. I can say this to both working mon and capitalists. Beoause one man hippens to be in a union and another man not in one you say ho shall not havo as good wagoâ or as good chances as the man in tho ' union. You say_ to thoso outside your union it xn\ let you in there will not bo onouch work for us. You want to take the blaoklog away. My[plan tako3 him away. It takes the suiplus labour away and puts it on tho land. If the! people who sweat for low wages in the'. East End of London, and send their goqds to Austialian markets were hero growing food to send to Europe and, wantod clothes for the Australians to mako. it would bo beneficial \ should think. I havo not formed any conclusion as to what would bo most suitable here. With tho community idea you could grow food anywhoro almost. Let a man's own personal interests bo concerned in the cultivation of 'the land, and lot him be assisted on tho co-oporativo prlnoiplo or com- munity idea, but not -by tho State. My idea is not directly to holp the gonuino working man. I bogan to holp the_jt>or holploss pooplo, and I havo ,to find oapital- and employment and land, and therefore If Must havo some outside help. If the working'man would only save his molloy, he oould become his own capitalist on tho oo-opera'tive principles that I have advocated! He would ' then want no help from the State or any one else. With a sueaos3ful form of govoinment-»-whioh might take tho form ot a community-tho schomo would be bound to bo succossful. I do not wish to spoaify the particular form of government, but I ani a great believer in what I call Mosaic democracy. I boliovo in God, and if you leave God out ot your calculations I would go into somo Wilderness and get away from you. The position I hold could not bo maintained for a month if I were to endorso any act of injustice to any man or woman in the world. To mo justloo and truth aro abovo everything-abovo religion even, and all olso boBides." " What opinions havo you formod regarding the national lifo of tho colonies?" " I look upon it as a vory now lifo. I hope that the ruling mon are not going to follow the people. I hopo' thoy will load the people. I beliove in loadors vMh principles and convie tiona; I havo formod a high estimate of the peoplo and the possibilities ot the colonies, and I seo no îoason why,/ân a vory few yoara this should not become a vary groat nation. Tho want is a govornmont jin the interests of all classos. A republican!or a monarchical form of govornmont in the intorosts of all olasses must stand. I am not'indifl'oront to the form of a government, but bo it what it may, its first essential is that it shall he in the intorosts of all classos. I think, as fat as I can judge, you have a form of government in those oolonio3 which is capable of being administered on that principle. I( the working men aro going into powor to govern in the interests of tho ontiro oolony, tho result will bo good ; but if they aro going to govern in the interests of the working mon irnispootivo ot the other classes, it will be otherwise." " Do you baliovo tho rush for woalth and the selfish disregard of the rioh towards the in- torosts of tho poor aro greater hero than in tho older countries?" " No, I should not think so. I think that the great nood of the oountry is Australians who will bo willing to sottlo down upon tho land and grapplo vvith tho rosouroes of tho oountry, and who will be willing to obtain a comfortables livelihood and devote thomsolvos to the benefit of tho pooplo gonorally. In South Africa a groat number of tho pooplo go thoro simply to mako fortunes and then return to tho old country tospond thom. I am afraid there is something of tho sort hore, and thoro will bo moro and more. Honce I think that my sahorno would bo to roar up a poasanliy who will bo the sons and daughters of the soil, honost and industrious and God fearing. " What of the oonditlon of tho masses of the peoplo? In what light do you view tho pauporism of Australia, tho ohronioally unomployod and tho larrikin class who want no work ? " " I should think'that any man who is sober and industrious should havo ampio opportunity hore of obtaining tho nooossarlos of lifo. I imagino a man could dig all ho wants for his wifo and ohildron within five aoros of decent land-of courso undor ciroumstanoos mado favourable to him by his boing assisted at the outset. Ho e.tn oaslly repay all this would cost. My plan Is to givo that assistanoo. With reforonco to pauporism, I should think that, no matter whatprospoiity youhavo, there will bo poor and unomployod. In Now York, whioh is lookod upon as tho working man's paradise, thoio aro pooplo as dostituta as any to bo fouivllri tho slums of the groat eitlos of Enropo. You havo given your peoplo educa- tion. You havo also «¡von thom a taste for city life. Hence migration, I lind, from the country to tho town Is vory similar hero to what it is In England. You do not moioly want to sottlo a man on a plooo of land. You want to place linn in n community vvhero ho will find somo icoroatlon and fellowship with othor men ami womon and thoso oonihtlons which aio ossontialto his happinoss. If you do not glvo that in tho country ho will go Into tho town for it. There is ahvav-i moro labour than is wanted, and in tho atrillo for employment constantly tho weal: go to tho wall. If thoy aro going to ptuli tho tiaiK union principio all those will havo to stat ve, as far as I can seo, unloss you got a syatom of rogular parish lollof. It ia vory marvellous how voit havo kopt up wagos and yot kopt tho purchasing power of monoy so nearly that which wohavoin England. In South Afrloa thoro are omployors offorlng7s. Od. a wook to labourera, mul mon thoro aro willing to do the work at that prloo." " From what you havo soon and hoard, is it not roally neoessary that in tho great capitals of Australia thore should bo formod, aocording to your plan Hid down In < Darkout England, ' tho city colony, with Us farm colony as an outlet?" 'Yes. That is already being done in Ade- laide and Molbourno and Sydnoy. We- are making arrangements for it in Brisbano. The systom of management is the same as in Eng- land." ?> . . ' Has anything been idono, and what, with the farm of 300 acres, fully stocked, whioh ivas given to the Army by a lady in New South Walos?" 'Yes. We are making arrangements this very week for taking it fully into our own hands. Wo havo sent somo mon there, who aro building dwellings and are going to deal with the farm on the plan laid down in ' Darkest England,'-of course adapted to tho needs of the colony." " Have tho Salvation Army any practical sohemo for grappling with spiritual destitution in the bush ?" ' " Yes. On my return to Melbourne I am to 1 unvoil a cavalry fort,' whioh will be sot to work in the back blocks, travelling from place to place, forming what we call ' camps,' and leaving two ofiicora at eaoh centre to oarry on tho work. Tho systom will be extended to, Queensland immediately. This is no oxpori mont with us. It has been tried, and wo have found work in tho back blooks oven more successful than in the settled parts of the country. Tho same prinoiplo is being applied to tho old oountrics, where the population is similarly scattered or difficult to get at." " To what extent have you received help in the coionios to your various sohemes for tho relief of sooial and spiritual destitution ?" 'Not at all. I have not asked for any. I did not come to Australia with that objoot." ' What is your viow of the relation of tho Army organisations to the existing Christian Churohos? Does soldiership in the Army involve theoretically or practically soveranoe from these churohos ?" " As a rule it lea Is to soveranoe. If a man begins to ride two horses ho generally finishes with one or tho othor, and so with the churches. If he goes to the churohe3 ho is very muoh the better man, as compared with those who hold aloof. As a rule we don't seek and don't want members of churches. We aro not sent to those who are on tho way to heaven, but to tho3e who are not. If a man has any roligious opinions wo say livo up to thom." ' Do you intend to introduce the Christian saoratnonts as in a separate churoh ?" " I can't tell you what I am going to do in the'futuro. Whatever seems most likely to glorify God and make people good will be adoptod, always of course in harmony with tho teaching of Scripture." '.Do you conceive that tho Army work has been long enough before the world to seaure permanency of result?" 'Yes. It ha3 dono that already. The world could not do without us now." "Do you proposo to continue the present form of government of tho Army?" '' Yos ; that has all boon provided for in our deeds of settlement. Tho genoral for the timo being chosen his own successor, and it is his duty to pick the bestand most able man for the position. The whole prinoiplo on whioh the Army works is that the best mon shall lead." " Slay I ask if you havo chosen a Bucccssor ?" " Yes ; but I might ohange my mind yet." This concluded the interview. "DARKEST ENGLAND AND THE WAY OUT." The attendance of leading citizens at the Protestant Halil on Saturday afternoon to hear General Booth speak on his scheme for the benefit of those " in Darkest England" was vory large. All tho sitting room in tho body of tlie hall and on the stngo was occupied, and-*i large numbor of th03e invited were unablojto gain admitíanos. Amongst those prosont) woro his Excellency tho Governor (presiding), Lady Norman, and tho Misses Norman, Sir 8. W. and Lady Griffith, Sir Thomas and Lady M'llwraith, Sir Charles and Lady Lilley, Sir Arthur and Lady Palmer, Mr. Justloe Harding, tho Mayor of Brisbane, the lion, T. Unmack, Hon. A. S. Cowloy, and Hon. H. Tozer, MM.L.A.; Hon. W. H. Wilson, Hon. T. Maadonald-Pateraon, Hon. F. T. Brontnall, MM.L.C; Mo3srB. B. D. Morehead, J. Donald- son, M. H. Black, John M'Ma9ter, John Mac- farlane, J. Hamilton, J. T. Annear, D. H. Dalrymple, J. F. Baakland, and Jas. Crombie, MM.L.A.; the Rovs. Canon Glennie, G. D. Buchanan, D. F. Mitchell, Charles Ogg, W. E. Hillier, J. Stowart, A. J. Webb, J. F. M'Swaino, Taylor, P. Aston, and F. Buokloy ; Dr. Hill, Dr. Owens, and Dr. Kendle ; Messrs. T. Finnoy, R. Gailny, W. Steole, R.. Edwards, T.E. Whito, E. R. Drury, P. Pinnook, P.M., and J. F. Thallon. Gonoral Booth was accompanied by Colonel Niohal, his private seoretary, and Adjutant Rutland, his aido-ds camp. Whilo the audience wore assembling, the Guards' Band played selections, and at- tracted muoh attention. ,.£ûj His EXCELLENCY, in introducing Gonora|, Booth as " the founder and leader of, that groat religious organisation, known as the Salvation Army," said that tho organisation extended ovor tho wholo world, and in addition to its purely religious work had dono muoh to roliovo distress and to redeem the worthless. His work would no doubt enlist their sympathy and interest. GENEIIUI BOOTU, who upon rising was ro aeivod with a storm of applauso, thanked tho pooplo for thoir warm reception and for tho sympathy thoy had manifested with tho objoot he had in viow. Ho felt sure* that thora was not a person prosont who had not somo desire to help tho class whoso interests ho waa advooating, and in who3s interests ho had come to Australia-(hoar, hoar)-but whothor the plans that he would prosent and endeavour to expound wero such as would oominend thomsolvas to thoir judg- ment timo would toll. What ho wanted to do was to rescue, and not merely to ameliorate ; thoy had any amount of effort in tho dirootion of amelioration. In England and Wales alono £10,000,000 was spout ovory year in the relief of paupers, add ho bellovod £10,000,000. and more than an equal sum was raised aud expended in charity. That made £20,000,000 expended in relief, and yet he supposed at tho Christmas ot 1891 thoro would bo just as many poor wretches struggling in tho dark sea as at the Christmas of 1890. There was not, there- fore, much relief in amelioration. Supposing ho had suffered shipwreck and was drifting on tho Queensland coast halt dead with fatigua aud exposure, and soma men carno along and roliovcd and snocourod him, and brought him around, and thon suppose that just as he was beginning to fool lito throbbing in his voins thoy woro to lot him fall in again, would ho not think it bettor to loave him to drown rathor than ga on with the proooss tims after tims ? And from ono point of viow it would bo bottor to lot tho paupors perish it wo oould not do moro than amoliorata thoir misoty. (Applauso.) In his hook, whioh most of them had seen or road about, ho had put down as existing throo millions of individuals who wero living under oiroumstanaos of actual destitution or who wara bound hand and foot to somo habits or condi- tions from whioh thoy could not tear them Bolvos, whothor ot viao or orimo. Thoro woro tho dostituto, tho woak, tho homeless and fiiondless, the people who wero always hungry, who never know what It was to get a good sub- stantial moah Thoro was tho viaious class, and tho drunkards, numbering half-a-million, who woro bound hard and faat and hopelessly with tho steel chains of strong drink. Thon there woie the poor lost woman, whom ho had placed at tho ridiculously low oatimato of 100,000, wundowlin; about tho streets, following tho trado which brings rottonnoss to tho bonos, mourning at their lost hours, and (aa thoso bolieved, who had faith in the life to como) thora oould bo but little hopo for thom in oternity. Tha criminal olaBS, about whom Australia had so many (oars, wove small in proportion to tho largo numbor whom ho wan tod to holp. Ho had put them down at 100,000. Of those 40,000 woro juvonilos, who euroly should havo nnothor ahtinco. Ho had put the total down at 8,000,000. Supposing ho had exaggerated whioh was not the ooso-and that thoro were only one million instoad of three, Ono million was still a vast numbor. Lot thom try to count a million ; it would tako two or three days to do so, and let thom romombor that ovory unit represontad a man, woman, or child, formed after tho mannor of ourselves, eaoh having a soul redeemed by Christi Who would tay that the million ought not to command our sympathy, and ought not to ' command our help? (Applause.) In his scheme there had been manifested a large amount of interest, which he took as arising from tho vastness of the evil, and as significant of the fact that it existed not only in Great Britain, but all ovor the world. He behoved it was stated recently in the New York Herald that' there were in -New York, in America, which was generally supposed to bo the paradise of tho working man- seoond only to Australia not less than 360,000 pooplo living in as groat a state of destitution as could bo found in the slums of tlie great cities of Europe. The evil was springing up in all directions, and the same remedies whioh woro applicable to it in England were equally applicable in other patts of the world. Ho would not plead with them on their duty in regard to the distress, but ho would go so far as to say that if the peoplo ot Australia, remembering that these people wore their distant relations, and that they had ra ceivod these vast territories from England as trustees to manage them In the interests of humanity, if thoy could lend, a hand or do something without harming themselves, they ought to do it, and do it vvith all their might. (Cheers.) It was said that there was nothing original in hi3 schome. That was true. It was as old as the piodigal son, as the city of refuge, as the doctrine of repontanoo ; it was in harmony with lifeboats and hospitals, with the kindiiessof the human race, with the teachings of that Great Master whom a vast number pf them professed to follow; and if Ho wero on earth now that sóbeme would havo His blessing and His active co-operation. (Applauso.) To describe the misory of the throe millions ho had used the figure ot a great sea, and pictured them struggling there, lifting up their hands and pleading for help, or sinking down in the depths of despair. There were, firstly, tho3o who were sinking through their own misfor- tune ; secondly, thoso who were there through their own misconduot. The, victims of misfortune wore those who wero bom in this condition, or who had slipped into the sea ot misory through some affliction ; those who had fallon into it perhaps as the result of a strike, who were perhaps not very firmly fixed on terra firma, and who, struggle as they may, had no possibility of getting out. Should these be helped ? They wero all agreed that the widowed mother should bo assisted to obtain a livelihood for herself and hor family ; and that the man who stretched out his arms and said, "I don't want to bo u pauper; give ino an opportunity to earn food for myself," should not send forth his cry to soolety in vain. (Applause.) Thoy ought to obtain such help as was necessary ; thoy ought to bo assisted, and assisted without dolay. Now, regarding the othor class who had drifted into the soa through their own misconduct. God, in the arrange- ments of his providence, had linked misery and sin together, and no man could commit an evil without suffering swift retribution in this life or in tho life to come. Sin and hell, or evil and suffering were joined together ; one was the seed corn of the other. But if a multitude of men and women were suffering from their own misconduct, ought we to leave them in their sad condition ? If so, was that the principle upon which we desired the Divino Being to deal with us ? He thought not. As society dealt with criminals thero was no open- ing for repontane, thero was no retracing the stop, no means by whioh they could blot out the past. Society turned its back upon the erring one and doomed him to oblivion and despair. This did not seem to him to be fair or wise dealing. People had said to him that thoy had no objection to England doing the host sho could for her pauper and criminal classes, bat that they coula not offer them » home on the-lands of Australia. He might havo to fall back on England. Ho did not como here to ask them to co-operate with him, if thoy were to suifor by the transaction. But he oonld show thom how any colony whioh had land at its command could have a hand in the work, and be largely profited by the transaction. The work was not with- out considerations of self-interest. They could not leave an evil unattended to without suffering; they could not leave an undrained morass .at their doors without danger, and for the same reason they could not leave this great mass of society sweltering and groping in their misery and wretchedness, without suffering from the consequences. They should, therefore, stir themselves up and help the people..' Ho still thought that he could help them. It was a question of ability. Thora was despair in tlio sea and despair out of the sea. How was it to bo dono? In tho first place they should get hold of those people and olassify them. The Army was doing that now. It might be said to the vvorkloss, why don't you got worl; ? But thoy did not know what to do. Many of them had no trado in thoir fingers, and thoy should bo taught. Again, there wero men ot various trades, and for thoso thoy must fiud employment, hut. not in such a fashion as to interforo with the labour market. Ho proposed to put thom on tho land. (Choers.) He would have several enntrea of population, vvhoro every man and woman could find a suüiciont amount of work, a rotuge, and enough for all thoir wants, by engaging in some form of tompbrary omploymont. TI1030 would be called oity colonies. This was ono ot their departments. Tho seoond was tho farm or land colony, and the third tho colony over the soa. In the oity colony thoy got hold of tho peoplo. They woro running to thom at present, and thoy had already 3000 men and vvomon undor their oaro who wero gathered out of tho stroota and from the lowest depths of poverty-depths of which the peoplo in Aus- tralia couhl have no conception. They carne to the headquarters ot tho Array covered with vormln, half-naked and starving, without any trade, friends, or reputation, and without a spark ot hope, expecting nothing, but tho eternal round of sufforing until the friondly hand nf de Uh took them away. Thoy fed the paupers, washod and clothed them, and thon found them omploymont in the labour factories. It those pooplo had no trado thoy taught thom one. Thero had beon foars by tho labour unions that they would affect .tho gonuine labour market I but surely these pooplo had a right to ongago in some sort ot trado or calling. (Choers.) But by tho regulations undor whioh thoy would be em- ployed thoy could not undersell any othor trado; on tho other hand the Army wera ohorglng more than the ruling rates for thoir matohoB, and tho publio wore willing to pay it. So he did not see how thoy woro interfeiing with the matoh market, Instead of paying Hie worker 2jd. a gross for making the matoh boxes, thoy wero giving ono-third moro than othor omployers, and it was done in such a fashion that they oould earn good wage3. (Applause.) Thoy woro ntso bringing to boar upon tho pooplo the inflnonoe of human kind- ness, solf-interost, and divine grace. Thoy said to them, " Wo will food you and olothoyou, and if you aro siok you will ho oared for. You nover need look behind you any moro." (Cheers.) As soon as thoy started trio faotory seventy-two mon enterod it-hopeless, helpless poople. During a visit to tho place ho oulled them together and told them that thoy woro among friends, and that BO long as thoy con- formed to tho ordeis and discipline they would nover again suffer from want hunger, nakedness or cold-,(clieorí)-and that if thoy endeavourod to impiovo thomsolvos and bo industrious, thoy could ovontually reach an Independent sphcio of life. (Cheers.) That was a broad and strong state- ment ; out ho felt that thoy wero ablo to fulfil it. Thoy kept thom in the oity for fivo, six, or. seven months, and by that time a great many passod into situations or wont on to the farm. Mon who had gono from iho provínoos to London, and had abandoned their wives and families wero taken hold of, and then when thoy had ooma to thoir rígtrt sonsos thoy in many casos returned to their hollies. It was astonishing how many masters wore willihg to reoeivo baok erring eniployeos from tho hands of the Salvation Army, for it was a curious fact that thoso who did not bol love in salvation foi thomsolves boliovod in it for thoir working mon. (Laughter.) It was remarkable what a number of applications thoy had roooived for mon. Thoy wero oontinually Bonding a large number rf persons homo with conüdenoe in their futuro, restored to soolety. They proposed to ido this on a largor soale. He then desonbed thoir farm of 11,850 aores, every square foot of whioh they intended tilling. Their farm, he ÄÄ^:wÄ^Wh On these forces the Army rdled AiE,8£* people had been in thoir "are aboH"1,58 months thoy would pass somB ¿'?^8 away wUh now life and hone in Lr"1 direct ohl the remainder they proposed o?"Í to their colony over sea. But K«.. "'? C?d certain whether they should eauièth?,' ?"° over sea. -If the other oounX ÄCOlon? them, or the opportunity he a ufclnalï 1T" forthcoming, tl.'ey would do Thel& feull in their own country; and. he wa, "1 T certain Whether he would not be able to ?T on his work in England r$; ' A Mr* LILLEY: "Hear, hear?"] ¿ut CH wÄ* agreeable if they could come here andX Í' opportunity to begm lifo over again U¡¿A been offered laud in South Auffi' As soon as his book was published he was waittd unen by the représentât ve of one of tho nlpM hto halí tt ,S?,?'th W¿*S¿ him half-a-million acres of land in a salubrious country wit h exemption from import and ex' port duties, ho privilege of making theirVw, laws, except those which concerned lifo an' death and which concerned the government^ the State itself. There they £u5rn se d kinds of produce, including abundance of fruit Since he left England ho had also been ofW six million acres of river frontage in South America, with carnage tor products at the rata of 15s. a ton to one of the largest cities in th» country.' But he should prefer that his first experiment should bo made under tho British flag. (Cheers.) In South Africa " ry tempting offers were mado to him but bofore dooming ho thought he would see his Australian sweetheart, and seo what she had to say to him. (Laughter.) His plan was to preparo the pcoplo in tho old country in every way, and then to transfer them to a better place. They would endeavour to prepare them morally. They would bring no person out whom thoy would not bo prepared to send into an English family. It was not their intention to " dump" dangerous criminals down in tho colonies and leave them to look after them selves; his proposals were very different from tho indiscriminate system of immigration that prevailedat tho present time. (Cheers.) The immigrationists that reached these shores were mostly composed of three classes-three classes whom he at least would prefer to do without. They were firstly clerks and others for whom there was no employment; secondly, "ne'er do-weels"-young gontlemen whose families in getting rid of them send them as far away al thoy can, to Australia ; thirdly, they could not holp receiving a number of pickpockets and criminals whose friends did not know what to do with them, and who landed thom here with as much in their pookets as would set them up in tho burglary line. Ho should never think of, sending any one hero who had not deoided to lead a good, useful, and industrious lifo-(cheers)-who had not been s pledged abstainer for a oertain period, who, ia short, had not boon tested in truthfulness, honesty, industry, and temperance for, sar, eight or twolvo months. Every person would understand soma industry by which he could obtain his livelihood in this country. They would bo watshod carefully on board the ship, and whon they landed, without being given the opportunity to spend half-an-hour in a whisky shop, thoy would bo takon on to the land, where ihoy would fall into the arms of friends. They would never think of sending one here who had not shown' himself willing to submit to that discipline which had been so useful to them in the old country. They relied upon being able to change tho characters of these people. They should make the drunkard sober, the harlot chaste, and the idle work. Could that be done? He knew what had already been accomplished. He was not a novice in those things. He had been at it forty- five years, and he ought to know something about it. (Cheers.) When he looked back on what ho had seen done ho was more than over certain, and his new experience during the last six months had strengthened that confidence. Tho poor unfortunate woman was tho most difficult subject to deal with; her life of freedom, excess, and- intoxication rendered her 'a peculiarly unfavourable subject for reformation. In England tho rescue work, whioh was in operation all over the world, was begun sovon years ago in a small way, and hu daughtor- in-law, who was at 'the head of that department, told' him before ho left England that she could point to and give the addresses of more than 8000 girls who had been taken off tho streets, and who were now living lives of virtue, oarnlng an honest liveli- hood or had gone back to their parents or husbands. ' (Hear, hear.) Drunkenness was a rapidly spreading vice, growing In every direc- tion, and something should bo done for its victims, and done on a large scale In tihs respect, also, tho Army had been successful in their operations. They could point to thousands who hod been as deeply sunk as it was possible to go, and yet had been reclaimed through tho agency of tho Army-these people were all round the world toiling for the salva- tion of thoso with whom they formerly drank and sinned. (Ohoors.) If they could do tbi» what oould thoy not do if thoy could get their soheme fairly floated ? Tho Gonoral sat down amidst prolonged cheers. Sir HENRY NORMAN then announced that General Booth was willing to answer any ques- tions concerning his Bcheme. No questions, howevor, woro asked. Sir CHARLES LILLEY, in moving a resolution, said that was not tho place and time to orlticiso tho projects the General hBd laid before them, and in so far as this country was concerned, he had said nothlngtliatoffereJ any ground for oritici3tn. They could have no hesitation in deploring most sincerely the cause of thoso glgantio evils whioh affected the people in Gro&t; Britain, and thoy had their deepest sympathy. Unhappily 'Australians were not without somo knowledgo of those evils in their midst ; the colonies woro not free from a sub merged olass-tha thief and murderer, .Mi« harlot, and those who had fallon in varioui ways. They had their own evil to contend willi, and it should rest with the peoplo o! the colonioa tp say whether thoy would underlet.« nu additional burden. His experience enabled him to stato that many of those apparently redoemod wero only redeemed m appearance, and reverted to their old habits when thoy I'oaohod tho shores of Australia, lney all felt that they appreciated and admired and heartily sympathised with General Booth in his ofl'orts. (Applause.) He aw therotoro much pleasuro in proposing, That Hil» mooting tenders O'iieral Booth » hearty welcome to Queensland : its worn, for his interesting apoooh upon lil» tcli«»« wr in« relief of the submerged classes of Great B*¿ cNpros-.es its "ympathy witli lum in « . f^' oflorts ho is pnltintc forth to «M»«'W»»*«£ him of their hope of a great «access for tlio euler Thoy wero all conscious of tho »»'»«"^"'¿a efforts. His labours must be enormous, »nu they wished him the fullest «MMI|WW far they may bo able to aid the er*» prise waa a matter not w BW* « them that day to decide, but f° those who wero called upon to go err u country. Hitherto the policy of this country had been to import only the best characters from England. (Hear, hoar.) They had pro ceeded upon this great rational idea that the country founder upon vice—even though re formed vice and crime-was not resting upon a sufficiently sound foundation. As he »w^ ímporletl only the best, and it was » «t < -at least thoy believed It onc*-th-t »» founded upon virtue—upon honest and in daitrloui people-rested upon tio onlr»»» , Mon that could bo cal ed nail) »fe,,mi, « bcon our policy to eliminate fron our-wv tion tho violoo*. «ho orimmnl, the '^. d drunken, and th» worthless. » .mi«'uX0l¡cr a cruel polloy, but it was the only wund po^ for the fomulatlon of »Pe°P'e' ai that glad to hoar from the General f" the event of these «ÄuMV being willing to accept hta "formegT , te.» ho waa" not with« t hopo of ft eu* sottloment at home. In *íat,""°ranco of th« Ho (Sir Charles) waa w*teB£0,ffi'r* situation ot hil native country «wea England, und ho moat toö»Wä$Ä»i ^ey General Booth in the hope M^ÄffleJent had ampio wealth, ample room, JJ«?u. ^ land at homo to e«eo. the toitwgW « » own TlTd possibly find that he would be rfbwk upon thaifirst, and then if it M then be a , failure it would Ï, ?!r Australians, as Christian men and b0 "n to seo how far they, could help him Shi3 efforts were exhausted in England. Sb %;mihi¡that would be the wiser way ; but, aiÄÄa?iw. be was thankful to the "otwithstanaiug, ^ t¡¡ ^ ". ?eZtL condition of affairs at home, as a Ato ourselves, because the causes which ffSL operation at home were working Sslcnly huí swiftly^ Australia and it W°J time for them to take warning from the Orient Gracious, and convincing speech thoy eloquent, graciou. .'" Id be unwise to let him misunderstand "s to conceal from him what so many of his ?|ir Charles's) countrymen thought and felt in the subject but ho hoped he would find the _?eans of carrying out his undertaking. (Ap pl qîr S W GRIFFITH said that it gave him "eat pleasure to second the resolution welcom £_ thanking, and sympathising with General Ki "I think," said Sir Samuel, "that' a great many of us here have received much information as to the actual condition of things in Great Britain. It is not realised here what an amount of abiect misery prevails'in the older countries of the world, nor do we think what the necessary consequences of this misery must bo. We cannot expect vast numbers of our fellow oitizens to endure this misery in patience for ever and thoso of us who are best off ought to be the first to consider how it ought to bo alle- viated I believe the work General Booth has undertaken is one of the most beneficial works ever undertaken in the history of the world. We have, fortunately, up to the present had no experience of similar privation in Australia, but as Sir Charles Lilley said, the same causes are' at work, and unless wise means are taken they will produce the same effeots. (Rear, hear.) I was glad to hear from (Jcneral Booth of tho comparatively small number of the criminal class, 100,000 is more than his estimóte out of 3,000,000, who have never known what a hearty meal is in the cour e of their lives-a state of things that no man here can appreciate. But it is satisfactory to know that the criminal class is so small, and ¡t is encouraging from whotevor point of view vou look at it, as to the future of these people, ïn regard to the feasibility of inducing men and women who havo not had a chanco to earn a living to work, I had the opportunity of a lew hours with General Booth to- day, and I was delighted with his assurance that they rae only too grateful for an opportunity to be oblo to work for theroolves. It is the most encouraging fact that he has made known in respeot to the move- ment. Besides the information ho has given us, we may thank General Booth for ¡lis visit for another reason. He is the head of an organisation whose methods, whatever wo may think of thom, are effectual for the objeots they have in view. (Applauso.) We have seen In this city tho great work that has been done by that body in rescuing the most abject and tne almost completely lo3t of their fellowmon and women; and the advent of General Booth to encourago his soldiers will be of immense advantago to the wholo of Australia. (Applauso.) Wo may heartily woloome him here. The result of his visit, I say, will be to encourage the soldiers of his army, and induco those who do not bolong to it to sympathise with them; and it will .teach us a practical lesson as to how best we may deal vvith the classes who in this favoured-land of Australia ore in danger of becoming submerged." (Applause.) The vote of thanks was carrie'd by acclama- tion," . * GEKERA_BOOTH, in reply, said he was fatiguod from overwork. " I only wish I felt in fighting trim," he said " and I would have a turn with Sir Charles Lilley." (Applause.) He quite understood tlie difficulties Sir Charles felt, and jet he thought a little further consideration mould show him-if he knew the Array-that his fear3 woro groundless. It was difficult to understand this social scheme without having first understood the Salvation Anny, and the force that was behind it. " I could not help feeling," ho continued, " as I came over the Darling Downs, that thero was ample room ?hera for my turee millions, and if you were »fraid, I could put a ring around them, and never let your beautiful high morals be spoiled in the slightest degree by coming into contact with thom and their children." (Laughter.) Peoplo appioved of his scheme, but thoy would have him curry it out at a distance. There nere 20,000 men, broad-shouldered mon, ablo to work, haunting the London dookB, and their average earnings were not more than 12s. a neck, of which thoy had to pay 3s. Od. for the rent of a single room. That was the class that «ero likely to b2 attracted by his scheme. If they could pull these and others out of the 6ea and put new life into them, thoy would form the beginning of a good, useful, and substantial peasantry, and they would bo a strength and Messing in this country as the years rolled on. It wa3 the real remedy for the overcrowding of the labour market. Emigration was not a remedy, nor was it to be found in the restric- tions of tho trades unions. Supposing there was a town vvith 8000 artisans, and that thero was work for only G000; if tho remaining 2000 would travel clsevvhero or go over tho sea and «iicarry on their manufactures, they would only compete with those whom they had left Mund, and overcrowd tho labour market in other towns. The only remedy was to put hem on tho land. (Applause.) Send '"em into the country. When God made Adam wa Lvo ho did not place them in a factory ne put thora into a garden-(laughter)-sont hem to till the earth and to take out of it all (hey needed. Ho proposed to put the pooplo "own on the community plan. Instead of »fleeting the working man here thoy would find work for lum and pour food into his market, where he could obtain it at a cheaper rate than a p.reso,nt- (Applause.) Ho proposod a vote oi ttianks to the Governor for presiding, which was seconded by Colonel Nicol. His hxcELMtscY said : I was glad to be in a Position to preside ; it is a high privilege, r.veryone is anxious to support any reasonable seseme to relievo their fellow subjects, and I wm commend this to your grateful considera- ron. (Applause.) lw.i°"ecl,ion was takcn nP i" »ia of General »ooui s scheme and resulted in a total of £07 The meeting then terminated. AT THE EXniBÏTÏÔy BUILDING. i ne ba vationists could havo had little rest afton? y' for they were at work aIltho li L, , , , nvening Baw no cessation. l»t».u « e. ick tl,cro woro crowds at tho Ex Zn n? ,B,!lldin?. T<1 long before tho timo appointed for the welcome to the General to n-Sw T° tbo bo,t seats >n the concert hall-a «T» J?ne place for 8U0h a larse gathering th»h.?1J8nopo lsod- Tll° ««rangements, all in tW , the Army offloials, were excellent ; .mil. t."0 contusion, each section of the ilZ ¡i bc,nS¡n the hands of "soldiers" who oWin r diltic3 and performed them in a sid» S'iiB°od"tcmperod manner. The two al galleries were reserved for soldiers with " Se\ Th0 end one was filled of tl¿encí n sr,ecta'or9. while the body bera nf ? %m occupied by mern livtv,». ,° Army "nd Its supporters, ortho_OITthocrowa had f,Uod «io hall then short e.¡ y Pl'°eeedlngs wero commenced CnÄ8,a,d!,rC3T' a verso or two oí a thebnW,la telling chorus, and selections by the * B.otoro tho arrîval of tbe General soldier ill0' aïtrao«on in the hall was tho ^meband S?Jllpi',late.d tho bi8 drura in this tho irmÎT." . enthusiasm approaohed frenzy ; » sichte ln wh,ich lla whir>ed »».' violes was eluded IJV' and when the selootlon was con be was ¿ii1 S,at down Pant>ng and breathless, aavonJ T ded as.wa'-m a burst of applause as theGen'A0?Vbly wiah *«. By the timo little lat»alshouldhavoa"ivod, and ho w» a »dvant_T"e.Very, !paro seat had boon taken b'o in Etl, ' and,t,h0 B¡Rht was 0I>° »"<* will Appro.rkt« rec<?Ue°t¡°n of all who saw it. the baíer,l^eot,nR8W6rodisPlayod a« «und "AnÄ-etta». of,tho Bailerlos, such as «oS1 welcome to our General." to th¿Ts? " "C(,rs,and 8oldiera P'ed8e fidelity 8 "cst principios of tho Army," "God bless Colonel Nicol and Adjutant Rutland," while in the baokground, above theohoir of 150 or 200 on the otago, was an invocation that God would bless the soul of the Army's departed mother, Mrs. Booth, A rustle of excitement all over the ball proclaimed the arrival of the General, and an appeal by Commissioner Coombs that everyone would get their hand- kerchiefs ready and stand on their feet prepared to " fire a volley," was instantly responded to. The instant the General entered the hall he was greeted with oheering which must have been heard a long distance away, and it was renewed again and again until he had taken his stand at tho rostrum in the centre of the stage. He was accompanied by the Colonial Secretary (the Hon. H. Tozer) and Mrs. Tozer, the Mayor and Mrs. Clark, and others, who were accommodated with scats in close proximity to the General. Many of the soldiers then saw their leader for the first time, and participated with such enthusiasm in the groeting that the sccno approaohed saturnaUa of joy. When the excitement had subsided a little the resonant voice of Commissioner Coombs could be heard calling out for the fifty-first hymn, and in an instant the band had struck up the first bars of a lively strain in which the thousands present heartily joined. One verse in particular seemed to meet with the approval of the soldiers, and as the Commissioner read it out sonorous "Amens" were interpolated Bless our Genoral, bless our majors, Blass oar officers as well ; BICBS headquarters, bless onr soldiers, Bless the foes of sin and hell. Bless our Army 1 We will all Thy goodness tell. Even the most callous observer could not holp being impressed with tho sterling enthu- siasm manifested on all sides. Colonel Nicol delivered an earnest prayer, in whioh the Genoral also took part, and a part of the Salva- tion Army litany was sung-over and over again-at the General's request. Still kneeling, he recited the verse, asking everyone to singit, to mind how they sang it, and to oloso their eyes, for no ono could pray properly with thoir eyes open. The verse was ovidently a favourite one with the Genoral. The metre is rather peculiar, and at the first attempt rather difficult to pick up : AH I have, O Christ, nil I havo I am bringing to Theo ; All I havo belongs to Tuco ; Thou Hasttharlglittoit. All 1 have I am bringing to Theo. In Thy steps I mil follow; Como joy or come sorrow, Dear Savlom, I mil follow Theo, At its close he dolivored a short but characteristic address. Ho said he "felt it in his bones" that thoy were going to have a good meeting that night, and tho responso carno so energetically from all over the hall that he had to administer a warning "Steady, soldiers 1 steady 1" Then the business of the evening was oommenced, Commissioner Coombs leading off a salvation wclcomo to the hoad of the cause then in force assembled. The mayor, who followed, was in exceptionally good form; his remarks wore apposite, and in good taste. To his observa- tion that he was thero in an ofnoial capacity, and not as an officer of tho Salvation Army, the Gonoral, who was sitting behind him, interjected a quiet " That's n pity," but the mayor added " There's no telling what I may bocome yet." The Army waxed enthusiastic at this half implied promise that the head civic dignitary would don thoir uniform and espouso their cause, and it waxed more intenso as Mr. Clark, in impressive tones, welcomed "his beloved friend." Then, as the mayor turned and shook hands with the General, and bade him a hearty and a oordial greeting in the name not only of Brisbane but of other places far removed, tho building shook with the tempest of applause which went up on all hands. "I do not think the Quoon herself could have boen more loyally received than you are. sir," added Mr. Clark. " It has been my lot to welcome many distin- guished visitors, but none so heartily as your- self." Mr. Clark gave place to Mr. Tozer, and the latter, who was evidently deeply impressed with the scene which was prcsontod, received a oordial greeting as he came forward. He said this was the fourth occasion within twelve months when he'had had tho opportunity of testifying to tho good work of the Salvation Army-at tho laying of the foundation-stone of the Templo, at its opening, tho third occasion he did not specify, and now he had the distin- guished honour of bringing his high position as a member of tho Govornmont to testify to the sympathy this colony had with the Army. "There aro many heroes in the nineteenth century," continuod tho Colonial Secretary ; ' but "nona moro distinguished than tho General who now presents himself before us. I am reminded of the poet's words as moro fitly convoying my moaning : Conquering kings thoir titles take Then ha went on in what was almost a faltering voice : " lloro wo havo genius, accompanied by a torriblo earnestness of purpose. I do hopo I may livo to BOO the sohomo he has set his heart upon succeed. Speaking for myself as an Austialian, and in tho name of many other thousands of Australians, I say that we are not so selfish as to desire that this fair land of ours should bo taken up for ourselves and our children, but for that common humanity which the General has takon so much to heart. I feel too much to say more, but in the name of tho Government of the country I welcome him to Queensland." As Mr. Tozer shook hands with tho Goneral thoro was another outburst of cheering, and this was ronewed as General Booth rose to speak. Tho previous enthusiasm was in strong con- trast to the marked silenco as the address com- menced. The General doos not possoss a strong voico ; it ia rather wiry than strong, thus possessing tho advantage that it does not tire as ho proceeds. His speech lasted fully an hour-longer, indeed, than he In- tondod. But as ho went on, striving every now and again to break off, frosh ideas poured into his hoad, on which ho was perforce compelled to say a few words. His style of address is homely, his illustrations still more so ; he possesses a quaint humour, and ho never is wanting for a sentence. In the oourso of Ins address ho traced the progress of tho Army from its inception in his own personality until its course has sped from continent to continent, all over tho civilised world. He almost admitted that he had been blamed at home for coming to Australia ; but he gave his reasons, and thoy were sufficient to his hearers, who, indeed, would have boon content with none. He wished to soe how tho Army in England got on in his absence. In course of timo-the Goneral_ is Bixty- threo and young for his years-ho should go to heaven, and then ho would have to bo spared. He should como back to haunt his soldiors it things did not co right, but thero was nothing uko trying tho experiment while ho was in tho flesh. Then he wanted to see how his Army in Australia was getting on. Ho had bean tola that if he wanted to see enthusiasm ho must go to the colonies, and ho was satisfiod with what he had seen: "This and moro would do." Now ho had seen their lovely faces ho felt more interested in them than ever. Of course he know he was an objoot of intorest-he always had been. Why whon it was arranged that he should como to Australia, a thoatrical manager wanted to " farm" him, and ho (tho theatrical manager) would certainly havo blosäomod out into a second Barnum. He earnestly thanked tho colonial supporters of tho Army-but In his gratitude he remembered that gratitude had been defined as moaning "a lively sense of favours to como"-and ho wanted money. Speaking of himsolt he said he wlshod it to bo understood that he was not a regular minister -lia had never been regular inanythlngoxoept in his irregularity In oonneotion with the Army. At twenty-flvo years of ago he was one of the most popular mon in England, and ho knew he was an extraordinary man, but ho gavo God all tho glory. In graphic languago ho dosoribed his work In the East End of London whon tho Army oonsisted ot threo mon-himself, a man to keep the door, and another to take up the colleotion-and rolatod how he had always understood tho toolings of tho negrowho in tho middle of a sermon in church interjected a lusty "hallelujah," and who while being escorted to the door was asked why ha had interrupted tha minister. The answer he gave, " Me must shout or me must bust" represented the feelings of the ArmyL They liked their religion "hot, red hot, shaken down, pressed down, and running over." Thoir uniforms, their band, their hundred and one little peculiarities were all bait-iust as much so as the worms used by the fisherman. If people would not have religion without these things then they should havo it with ; at all events tho Army would not stand by and seo a man going down to hell without making a noise. Thoir very uniforms were sermons; how many sermons had beon preached during tho last few days in Brisbane m this way? At the close of his address the Genoral drifted on to his social scheme, and then abandoning tho constraint ho had evidently placed upon himself previously, he gesticulated, and in poetic and even eloquent language pictured the fearful evils against which they had to fight. Ho denied that his soheme of social reform would interfere with tho existing labour market. All he desired to do was to settle tho peoplo on the land.. The General's closing peroration was breathlessly listened to, and as he resumed his seat-some- what abruptly when ho did so-thero was a hearty hurst of cheering, again and again re- newed. A few word3 of prayer, a hymn, a collection taken up in double-quick time by a smart staff of soldiers, and the proceedings were olosod with the Doxology. As tho Genoral drove away ho was loudly cheered, and the large assemblage quietly dispersed. SUNDAY'S MEETINGS. MORNING SERVICE AT THE CITY TEMPLE. Sunday was tho great day of the Salvationists' expectation ; for were thoy not to see the General in their own Temple in Brisbano and hear him tell the Old Story in his own attaotive way? As they separated aftor Saturday night's immenso meeting at the Exhibition, many wero the appointments for the morrow, and many the warnings to be early on the marou-or you won't got a seat. Before 10 o'olock on Sunday morning, the little processions of singing mon, women, and children began their march from the various suburban halls where thoy had col- lected, and at an equally early hour little parties wearing the tn- colourod sash or tho rod jersey began to arrive at the Army's fine building in Ann-street. Outside a crowd of pooplo awaited tho arrival of the Goneral, but those who wore wise passed in after paying their toll of a silver coin lovied by tho soldiers who stood on either side with their small collecting boxes. And inside.the sight was one which will live long in many a recollection. By half-past 10 o'clock every soat in the galleries and almost every soat in the body of the hall had boon taken up by a throng of respectably dressed people, amongst whom tho Army badges were freely intersporsod, and who, most of them, had the appearance of mon and women who work for their living. But the platform at the end of the hall, with its tiers of seats rising half- way to the ceiling at the hack, was a blaze of scarlet and dark blue ; for it was reserved for the soldiers and officers of tho Army, and the G.urJs Band. The time until tho- opening of tho service passed quickly enough ; for the band played some of the hymn tunes for whioh it is so famous, and when this ceased tho "lads" at the back took up a chorus on their own account. Meanwhile the officers had boen hard at work to mako tho most of every inch of space in tho hall, aud tho people wero asked to take the children upon their knees to make room for a few more visitors, while a group of youngsters were packed «away on the floor so .that the seats might be given up to their elders. The talking and singing and bustlo were sud- denly hushed by a sharp blast on the commis- sioner's whistle, and a moment later the whole assemblage responded as only Salvationists oan to tho invitation to give tho Genoral a hearty good welcome. Walking up one of the aisles with his adju- tant, General Booth went at once on to the platform amidst a tremendous "volley" and waving of handkorohiofs in all parts of the house. With what one can only call business-like promptitude, tho General at once gavo out a hymn, with a stirring ohorus, and every one sang with a will, tho brass band loading. As soon as this was over the General, who had boon encouraging hi3 army at the back of the platform with voice and gesture, walked up to tho little reading desk and said, " Now you'vo all had a good look at the Goneral, you'vo reckoned him up pretty well ; and you've all seen the drummer. Now let's havo a look at what tho Book says. You all want saving ; yes, you do. What, you say, sir, I am converted. Everyone who is converted say Amen." Then arose a shout of " Arnon" from all over tho hall. " That's right," con- tinued the General, " Well, now you want to bo cöfivbrted over again. You have got tho mastory of tho devil ; let's hopo so, for it's a fearful thing to bo mastored by the devil. It's a bad thing to havo the devil for a master in hell, and its a bad thing to have the devil for a master in Queensland, or any vvhero in the world. You havo mastored tbo devil ? Let's hopo BO ; but don't mako any mistake about it. Many peoplo think they havo mastered the devil, and ho winks, and lots them think so." Thon tho speaker went on to warn his hearers against secret sins, urging them to get whit is wrong inside put right, saying, "If wo aro right inside wo shall bo right outside." Then with tho little device ho has of addressing some imaginary porson in the audioneo, the Genoral went on, " What's that you say ? I am not going to bo a Salvationist. Don't be too sure ; you don't know what you aro going to bo beforo tho day's over. I've got my eye on you. Never mind. Let's leave tho Salvationists alono for ' tvvouty-four hours. Got saved, and then you can join the peoplo who'll do you roost good, and vvith whom you can do most good. The greatest thing is to got you proporly saved. That's a largo order. Only God oan save you. The question is, Aro you honestly willing to holp yourselves? If you are not willing to be saved, tho heavens might bo olothod with sackcloth and tho angels might go into mourning, and you might go into mourning yoursolf, and it could not holp you. Now we will sing this hymn ; it doesn't mattor whether you know tho tune or not here." And as the vast congregation stood up, and sang a verse at a timo, tho Goneral oneckod them between each to mako some of his pithy remarks on the words boforo thom. The prayer which followed was a burning appeal for the salvation of souls and tho re- storation of baokslldors, and closed with the appeal : "Lord bless ovory one who is trying to do good. Set ovory church on fire. Moke every pulpit a blazing torch. Lot Thy peoplo arise and go forth to war, and Rhoulder to shoulder stand and drive dovils and sin and misery from this land. Wo glvo Theo the glory. And all tho people said Amen I " Tho last expression was the signal for a burst of " Amons" from all parts of the building. Then ono of the captains, a fresh-looking young girl, sang a hymn as a solo ; but whether the Commissioner thought hor volco was not strong enough, or whether he thought ho could do it bBtter himself, ho stood by hor side and sang the second verse vvith her. But she didn't appear to objoot, and as the whole congrega- tion joinod in tho ohorus, It appeared that Salvationist choirs and soloists aro not so difficult to manage a3 somo others are said to be. When the singing was at an end General BOOT« called tho attention of tho oongrecation to the 21st chaptor of tho Book of Bovolations, beginning with thoso words so often pondorod ovor, so often preached from, " And I saw a now heaven and a now earth." As he road the first eight versos ho paused ofton to givo his hearers warning or exhortation or comfort from eaoh clause, and almost from each word. He disclaimed any intontlon of speaking on the prophetical meaning of the chapter, saying that many loarned doctora had differed in thoir Interpretation of prophesy -men who with tho greatest sinoorlty and erudition and ability, had dovolod a lifetime to the examination of these things and as a rosult had arrivod at interpretations diametrically opposed. Undor these circum- stances he should think it a sheer wasto of time to endeavour to divo into them. Ho know Hhat in thoir entirety they would bring a fulfil- ment ; but at present ho wanted to get out tho interpretation that conoerned himself and those »round him, based on the teaohlng of the word of God and what he know by reading the Bible ' and by experience of the mon and women around him. " I know," hosaid, " I havo soen a new heaven and a new earth, I have had this expérience right in me, in which the old heaven and the old earth have passed away. Tho earth on whioh I wrought and toiled, and whioh I based my future hopes upon, havo all passed away, and a new heavon and a new earth have como up before me, a now plan of lifo and new objects ot existenoo. Instead of living for making money and human aggrandisement, I now live for the salvation of souls, and to bring the world to the feet of Jesus, I took this business to my heart. The old oarth has passod away, and on this now earth I havo beon standing ever since, and so has every properly Christianised man and woman. Wo maytoke heavonas signifying character and bliss-that is tho fundamental essence of heaven. Whon wo want to bring heavon down to earth wo want to bring purity of purpose and a beautiful view of tho love of heaven down to earth ; we want to bring the knowledge and worship of God from heaven to earth. You do not suppose that whon you go to heavon you will have nothing to do I You don't suppose heaven is being out of work and drawing wagos all the time, and going to a concort and having nothing to pay, and living a life of indolence and looking at pictures or beautiful flowers, and having no troubles or sorrow ! That will bo the negative, outside part. What will bo tho heaven of heavens but the purity of heavon ; what but the fact that the devil will havo disappeared never to appear again ; what but the fact that temptation has gone comparatively speaking for over; what but tho fact that we ihn.ll ho savod from sin to fall no moro? Think of tho joy of man who knows he is saved and savod for over. The bliss of heaven lies not only in purity, but in tho possession of all the graces of tho Holy Spirit in their fulness, and growing con- tinuously in the soul; not i only in this, but in tho swelling soul, full of tho love of Hiin that sits upon tile throne, for lovo is heavon and heaven is love. The bliss of heaven consists also in tho communion of saints, tho com- panionship of the blessed and the redeemed ; .it consists in intoroourso with the noblest and purest and holiest horoos of all time ; in tho companionship of angels. Tho bliss of hoavon consists in tho sight, whatever that vision may be-the sight of tho Lord Jesus Christ in his glory, tho sight of Jehovah. No ; I'm not spoaking of the hoaven of tho future. This is tho hoaven we oan have on oarth ; the hoavon God wants to mako within us. Not in its full- ness, for the surroundings of hoavon must bo kopt until wo got ovor the river. But wo may enjoy in tho prosont life tho beginnings of all thoso things, and the soul, whothor it bo a little one or a big one, may bo filled." And so tho General wont on enforcing what he concoivod to bo tho present day lesson of eaoh clause of his eight-vorsod text, ovory now and then enlivening his discourse, or xathor oon vorsation, with some sparklo of humour, or stirring the pooplo by a personal appeal of tho strongest kind. Besides tho "Halle- lujahs" and "Thank Gods" of tho Army soldiors thoro wore indications in the wrapt attention of other listonara that tho words struok home to many. In concluding he said thoy had salvation in three volumos. " Thoro is first tho deliverance for all past Bin, a cloan sheet, a ohanoo for a now beginning, tho washing out of tho record of all the broken laws, of all tho un'oleanlinoss, of all tho injustice, of all the wrong-doing of master to servant and servant to master, tho wrong-doing of husband to wife and of wife to husband. Thoro is tho blotting out of all tho backsliding and unfaith- fulness, tho casting behind I of all thosq things to bo romomborod against, us no moro for over. Thank God that is the first 'volume. Tho second volume is the power over sin - the viotory ovor sin. Men aro slaves of sin when Jesus finds thora. You aro mastored by strong tompors ; you have a devil inside you ; you are half a devil yoursolf. You are mastered by tho dovil, and from this dovil you must bo mado an angel. How can a man be happy if he has a devil in bim? Tho third volume means purity and oloannoss of heart, it means destruction of tho dovil out of tbo soul. Tho fourth volume-we must have a Ifourth-is the consoorationiof all a man is and all a man has in tho sofvico "of God." This was evidently the omi of tho address, and somo wished to leave, but tho Gonoral kindly aallod out, " Gentlomen, you can't go out without disturbing us. Sit down and get your souls blessed boforo you go." This was followed by an appeal whioh brought a considerable numbor ot womon and several mon to the penitent form, whoro tho officers of the Army bent over thom and sought I to oloar away thoir difficulties. The Gonoral showed hore somo of otho spirit whioh no doubt hah largely I contributed to tho' success of his work,*.for some of tha lasses kept their seats singing, while ponitonts were kneeling at tho forms i alone. At onoo his eye caught tho situation,- and going over ho said briskly, "Somo of you oaptains como along 1" And again when a fow of the soldiers at tho rear wero growing somowhat noisy, ho called out, " Behoving is tho thing ; not shout- ing." Several versos woro6ung, and ono whioh was evidently familiar was givon out, but the Goneral dictated a now version of his own, which evidently suited tho case bottor, tor it was sung with groat warmth. Tho bonodlo tion was pronounced and tho largo congrega- tion dispersed, while the band played the old familiar " Adoste Fidoloe," and tho now oon vorts romainod boland for further counsol and instruction. THE AFTERNOON MEETING. Tho afternoon meeting at tho Opera Houso was announced to opon at 3 o'olook, but before half-past 2 tho theatre was densely orowdod. About 100 moro gathered round the etago ou- trance in Elizabeth-street, but without being ablo to obtain admission. At about a quarter to 8 Gonoral Booth and Boveral ot tho mombers ot tho Army passed through this antranco, and at onco took their plaaos on tho stage. Tho General was grdotod vory enthusiastically. Tho stago was occupied exclusively by tho Army, but thoir badges and uniforms mingled freoly throughout tho house with the everyday dross of tho thousands of others who had gained access to the building. Commissioner Coombs opened tho meeting, and Captain Draper followed with prayer. Gonoral Booth dolivered a preliminary addross. Ho said tho man who had got into debt was first solicitous as to how ho was to pay hie dobts. In the samo way tho man who had fallon into ovil ways and had- booomo anxious to pay the debt ha had incurred to Providonco was anxious to learn how to return tho timo and talent ho had wastod. The answer was oontainodin tho hymn, " Ornoo there is my ovory dobt to pay." Tho Army joinod in tho words of tho hymn, and theory, "All thoso who foel It say Arnon," was rospondod to from all sidos. A collection and duet and chorus followed. In speaking again tho Gonoral dwolt on tho words in tho Book of Ezekiol, " But I had pity for mino holy namo, whioh tho Houso of Israol had profaned among tho hoathon, whithor thoy'wont," and moro particularly on the words, " Thon will I Bpnnklo clean wator upon you, and yo shall bo olean." Tho Lord, ho said, was no rospootor of persons, but of character. If thoy complied with the condi- tions of salvation thoy could olaim their To- ward across the counter of the bank of hoavon. How many woro thoro who could say thoy had dono so ? Tho hallelujah train for hoavon stopped at any point. Thoy could como first, second, or third class, or ovon on the oattlo truck. Thoy had only to mako a full surrender of thomsdvos. Many woro more afraid of going to boll than hoping to go to hoavon. Many so-called Christians went to the heathen, and they took with thom brandy and rifles and diseaso, and tho hoathon said, " We will not accopt of your Christianity, for aro wo not bottor peoplo than you ?" Suoh misionarios had not truly represented Christ. They did not want mon with Christ's religion on Sunday and tho world's the rest of tho weok. Tho first thing necessary for salvation was an intornal cleansing. It was painful to seo how many woro occupied with tho mero ceremonies while the roal issuo, tho getting at the heart of man, was negleoted. Was thoro a person thoro who daro say ho had never dono wrong? If thoy broke tho law of the land thoy sufforod. If thoy broke tho law of God they had to obtain forgiveness in order to osoape punlihmont. He naked them to f pray for tho forgiveness of thoir sins. Ho thon J dealt vvith the power of bad habits, of drink, i temper, and money-making, and argued that all effort to overcome these apart from the Lord was futile. The things they ought to do thoy did not, and the things thoy ought not to do they did. He thought those who turnod vvith scorn from tho fallen wore as bad as thoso thoy would not holp. Thoy should not arguo that though they wore will- ing to bo Baved, thoy might defer their conversion. It was said that the Salvation Army woro flaunting their roligion in tho faco of the public. Ho roplied, " It you don't flaunt your religion in tho faco of the publio ; nobody knows whether you have got any at all." (Cheers.) To the doubting ones, to thoso who thought that the Lord was not quite poworful enough to savo them, he would ask, " Had they sounded tho depths of the power of God ?" Christ brought salvation for eaoh one, and if thoy did not want to join tho Army thoy should keep to their own creeds, and beoomo true Christians. Tho backslider must bo saved. Ho prayed for salvation for all prosont. Lot them not ho ashamed of their religion. " You must own me," said the Lord. Tho General concluded his address by calling upon his soldiers to stir themselves. The whole congre- gation sang the hymn "Josus is Calling." Prayers by tho officers the singing of hymns followod. At tho close of the mooting several proEont oame forward and knelt at the penitont form, THE EVENING SERVICE. Though the evening meeting was announced to begin at 7 o'olock tho Opora House waa almost filled at G. Pretty well all the seating accommodation was taken up at once, and the standing room was limitod. Many people had evidently beon thoro for hours. Outside thoro was not muoh indication of the presonoo of the groat gathering within. Tho street doors were only half open, and thoro wero but a fow pooplo gathered around each. Soldiors stood as sontries and admitted pooplo as thoy carno up. This went on till there was no longor room for moro. The flow of mon, women, and children did not dooreaso, nnd by 7 o'clock thoro was a vory considorablo gathering outside Admission had to bo doniod to all and sundry. Unwilling to tura the peoplo absolutely away, tho Army authorities invited thom to walk round to the Templo. Ofiicors wero told off to oonduot a mooting there, and they found no difficulty in securing a largo and attentivo con- gregation. Both buildings were filled to over- flowing. At tho Opora Houso somo of tho most prominent of our citizons wero numbered among the assemblage The Chief Soorotary and Lady Griffith and several members of thoir family ooouplod tho Governor's box. Tho Chiof Justice and Lady Lilley and several membors of thoir family occupied ono of tho othor boxes. Tho othor boxes wore filled, and every Beat in tho theatre was takon Op. Mr. T. Finney and Mr. Horsley oooupiod seats on the platform. Probably tho Opera House was nover so crowdad beforo. It must have held considerably ovor 8000 peoplo whon tho General took his seat on the stage The seating accommodation boing 2500 it can bo easily imagined that thoro was no room to sparo. Tho anny was well represented, and the rod uniform and sashes of soldiers wore notiaeablo in ovory part of tho thoatre. Tho stago was oooupied by about 500 peoplo, most of whom woro members of the Army. Tho proceedings woro exclusively of a dovotional oharaotor and differed from tho oidlnary services ot the Anny only in that they wore conducted by the hoad of that organisation-the Genoral. The remarkable' vitality and working powor of tho Genoral was perhaps ono of tho first things whioh impressed thoso who listened to him. Tho provious offorts of the day would havo loft their mark on a less vigorous man,but thoy had hadllttleorno visible effect on General Booth. His voico waa as distinct and his earnostnoss as groat as if ho had boen upoakingfor the first time in tho day. Beforo commenaing his address tho Gonoral made a long and poworful prayer. His address or sermon waa based on two or tliroo versos from tho 17th chapter of St. Luko having reference to tho destruction of Sodom and the flight of Lot and his family from that city. Its burdon was tho all-importance of salvation tho devotion of overy life to the sorvioo of God and tho bettering of mankind. Tlio lessons whioh ho drew from the fato of Sodom woro suoh as might havo boon onforcod by any Christian preachor. They woro aooompaniod by a doeplv oarnost appeal to his hearers, and made an impression apparently as deep. Ho warned his hoarors of thedangorof indilforonco to toliglon and religious dutios, and urged all to look tho gioat facts of thoir otornal destiny in tho faoo. Ho asked thom to do that oalmly -to shut themsolvos out from tho world and thoir particular surroundings, and dotormino how thay stood with regard to God. Ho askod all to remember tho disobedience of Lot's wifo, and then to think of her doom. As assuredly as God doBtroyed tho wickod and rebellious in Sodom, so would ho punish tho wickod and rebellious of this day. Tho spoakor did not caro about their aiguments or thoir philosophy. Ho said God Almighty was against wiokednoss and ovil. Tho vvioked woro to bo driven away somewhere. Ho was not going to troublo his hoad as to whoro the locality might bo, but ho was sure, and ho felt it in his soul, that tho wicked would be dostroyod with a torrible dostruotlon. If thoy would bo vvioked, if thoy would not allow Christ to tako away their filthinoss, if thoy would not saorlllco their pride and indopondenco of God Almighty, if they would not givo up thoir onvios and jealousloB and iniquitios they would bo bound to suffer. The wicked would bo ultimately dostroyed, and if thoy remained among the wioked not ovon God In His pitying heart could savo thom. Following on this line of thought tho Gonorat concluded with a strong appeal to the ponitont to come on tho stago and publicly {irofoss thoir bcllof in God and accoptanco of tis salvation. In response to his appeal numbers of pooplo carno on the stage and knelt in silent prayer. 