DREAM EVIDENCE. Law reports of the sixteents and seven-<*> teenth centuries contain numerous referen ses to supernatural occurences in court and on the tea Sold. One ol the most remarkable reeorde of this kind (nya Mr KoglUh panex) to eonneeted with a marder trial which took pl*ce in EneUtud early in the reign of the Firat Ghatle*. Sir John Marum), oce ol the fir?t Uwyera of tbe ceatnry. Ie the anthority for the anper natonl events of the trial, and in his quaint preface to hie notea he eaye he *' thonj?ht good to report the evidenoe whish was given, wbich many did bear, teat the memory thereof might not be lost by mhcKriage of ptpen or other arise" One Joan NoikHt, a furtnet'a wife, had died, and at the coroner's inqneet cv jenae wae given proving tbat tbe wom?ti*e throat bad been oat from far to ear At fi<et the jury favored a verdiat ci Jdo de sc, and tbe body wan interred ; tout rnmora became general poicticg to tonl plsy, and tbe bod/ wae «x -bnned. Thirty days alur the death the jury assnubkd tk-f.re ifcc b^d?, and f>nr eoepeotecl penon* were bronpht m. The only eridenae against the pr-8.-.tirs w?8 that they slept in an adjotnicg cmx. &t;>d that no one bad pawel tb?t room : "tb^ref re, i| fhecfid not mvrder htrseli, they mnet bi tbe morderen.' What took plaoe at the remarkable post mortem ecqaiiy may best be deecrioed in tbe wotde of a witnet? at tbe Bubseqaeot trial, who was deeeribtd as ' w •nciest and grave. percon, minuter to tbe parish where thit murder waa committed." This eetimable genttanan ea'd:—" They (tbe primmer*) did toooh tbe dead body, wberenpon the brow ol the dead, which waa before a livid and carrion color, began to bave a dew or gentle awest ariee open it, which increased by degreea tm tbe ■weat ran down in drops upon the faae, tbe brow tamed and changed to a lively oolor, and the dead opened and efant one of her eyes and ■hut it again, which the did three nreral tunes. She likewise thmet ont the nog or mam≥ finger three times, acd polled it in agam. and the fieger dropped blood on the floor." Naturally enough, such remarkable evidense v this waa received with some nupiaon by tbe court, sitboogh tbe witneer. to •gainqtrate Sir John Maysard, " was a reverend person about 60 years of age, as could be guessed. His terthnopy wag delivered gravely and tem perately, but to the great admiration of tbe auditory." Atrp'e oo&firmation; of an obviously impartial etucMter was, however, fortfa oomirga and tbe *'admiration' changed to horror ; co moeh so that the prisoners were conTieted, and twa of tbcm soffered de%lh at the band of the oommon hangman. Neither of the victimit one of whom was an aged woman, could ever be prevaikd upon to confess any complicity in the crime. In 1761 an Irish murderer was convicted largely upon dream evidenoe. A Waterford publican named Rogers dreamed oae night that he caw a man murder annther man on a preen epot en tbe commit of an adjoining mountain. He was able next day to deieribe both men with perfect aacaracy, and did ao to many of his friends. One of the men was exceptionally strong; and the other weak anl puny; but it was tbe latter who, in the vision, committed the Ecnrder. Rogers pexmaded tbe paruh priest to acaompuiy him to the spot, which he found without difficulty, but where there seemed to be ao tracts of a murder ox a strangle. Hence Rogers got rather laughed at, Kert day. however, two men entered the saloon, and Mrs. Rogers at ocee ceoog* nised then!, from her hosband's de«crip?i>n, as the heroes of the vision. Much al?nned| she fetched her husband, who was also certain th*y were the two man. When they row to leave Rogers begged the one he expected to be murdered to remain, bat without avail He nearly fainted with fright after the men had left, and finally perauaded a neighbor to accompany him to the green spot on Use bill, wneretnre enough, the tragedy of the dream had taken place in reality. Xbe murderer was tracked and caught, and Bogers was the principal witness. His recital of his dream was so vivid that Hie prisoner at once j confessed, adding that he killed hu companion exactly as foretold in the dream. The weapon need was a knife, and as eight stabs were seen by Rogers in his dream, so the murderer admitted that he drove hi* knife op to the handle in his oompanion'a body exactly that number of aiiiina. In 1810 a woman sawed Krame appeared before ? Frankfort jnetioe and aaked to be sworn, as ahe had valuable information about a crime committed in a remote vSlage in Rossis many days' journey from her Qennan bonae. The story she told the justice was this:— Ten yean before bet only son h«& left home. She heard nothing of him, and had no idea at all whose he was living until the night before, when hia spirit appeared to her and told her what ahe now hastened to relate, The revela tion was tbat after leaving hoene the yoong man had wandered about Europe till he had finally brad pemment work in the village <of Kiaf in Russia, Here he had fallen in love with m aerfa daughter, who had a fiVaasuo beam On tfce preceding night this latter had inveigled tbe fousg Teuton into the country, where be bad stabbed bun and then eoccealed the body in a cave off the highway. The jnsthH knew that bis informant waa poor, and bad never bean outside of her native to<m, aad he was so drunk with the vividness of her de*«riptioe of victim, assailant, and location, tbat be forwarded rt to a notary in KiaJ. Meantime Carl Eraeme bad been missed, and, on the receipt of the dream story, the police hunted tor the cave, found it exactly as located, and also found Che body, with a wound corresponding with that described in the vision. The mnrderer was at ones arrested, and the widow Krarmp undertook the lons Journey to avenge her son's death. Her rental in eanrt was vivid in tbe extreme, and she senamed with fright when ahe first saw tbe prisoner, whom she identified and picked oat from among a crowd of men in a dimly-lighted «eU. She also identified the woman who was at the bottom ol the trouble. A ghost robbed a boose in Soho-cqoare, liondon, in the year 1701, in a most approved or disapproved fashion, and the esse is worth reporting, although, unlike those preceding, there is an explanation to the mystery. A gentleman, who appeared to be quite wealthy, took rooms in a fashionable house in the looality mentioned. A abort time afterwards be told his landlord that his .brother was dead, and aiked permission to bring the body to his rooms while the arrangements for interment were completed. Permission Was granted and a handsome coffin arrived, rumtatning what appeared to be a corpse in a long white shroud. The oeffin was placed in tbe dming-toom. Next night, after all had retired awre the lodger and the arrvantinaid, an apparition ap peared to the latter. The apparition was a tall, spectce-like figure, with every appearanae of a ghost* The maid rushed ttpstairstoher master and uilsUees'e room, followed by the ghost, who mounted sentinel at tbe door, contorted bis features and waved bis bands. The maid crept under the bed, and her employers hid their faeci under the beddothing. At this time a great neiae. like furniture moving, was heard in tbe bouse, and the three terrified objects came to the conclntion tbat the house had been taken possession of byatcgimentot spirits. At last all was quiet, tbe ghost bad disap peared, and a search was made. The bouse waa ionnd to nave bean atripnnrt of every particle of furniture, and all the valuable family plate bad gone too. No physiological society investigated tbe phenomenon, but tbe police did, and tbe lodger and tbe ihamoomn were both hanged aTTybum. a£Ufl 3 Tbe Hammersmith ghost was qtnte a cele brated obaraeter at the eosannmeesaent of the present «entaiy,*iid the eoort records of 1804 contain quite a good description of him. For months a tallvrfaite neare hvmted the Inks and cfanrohyard nt fTt>ynffi^rM«tKh| now a Xiondon suburb, but then a country town. 'Women were literally frightened to death, and many men developed ? speed in escaping from tbe phantom wbiab they bad not flattered themselves upon poeteuing. | An aeti ghost toague was formed, and aU the ablebodud men in tbe neighborhood took part in a vigorons bunt tor the cause of the alarm. This vigOanoe committee was nuueoasaral; lor, alUrooghits members oaaghta gumpseol tbe phantom, it appeared to have toe power of vanishing at will, and no trap could eatoh it. Finally, the wife of one Vranois Bmith was crossing tbe •imrebvard at dusk when the ghost appeared and chased her home. The [?oc woman was completely overcome with fright, ga.va premature birth to a child, and fzniied. Smith smarted for revenge, and taking; bis ahotgun went oat into tbe night to lay tbephost. By this time H was Very dark but Smith could discern something white moving across the churchyard. Without delay be fired, and found to bis horror be had shot a neighbor, who was wearing a light dost coat. Smith was arrested and convicted, and sen tenced to death, bat was aotexeonted, and was soon released bom prison. 