THE GHOST OF THE TRAIN ING STABLES. — — (continued. It wanted iifteon minutes to midnight Outsido, tlio night was as black as your hat ; not a vestige of a moon, not a single star to broak tho uniform darkness of tho sky. With suusot a noisy blustering wind. hod sprung lip, rattliug about the chimneys, clashing tho wet branches, and duadening tho sound of cautious footfalls creeping across tho paddock in tho direc tion of the stables. Jovons was sitting over the saddle--oom fire, with his pipe and tho Si'ortinq Like for company, and the remains of his supper- beer on the table beside him. From timo to tinio ho took a lantern and went to look at his charge. The colt had boon quiet onough all tho earlier part Of the evening, but for the. last half- hour Jevous fancied ho could hear him fidgetting about on the othor side of tho wall. " What ails the brute ?" ho said to him self, laying down his pipo to listen. The wind dropped suddenly, making the silenco all the more intense by con trast with tho previous roar ; and through tho stilluoss Jovons heard tho clink of a bucket, and the sound of some one moving about in the looso-'box. He sprang to bis feet and snatchod up the lantern. His solo idea was that souio one was trying to get at the horao, and his hand was on tlio revolver in his breast pocket when ho opened the door. So strong was tho impression that ho was positively surprised to find no sign of an intruder. Tho colt was lying in tho farthest corner and perfectly quiet. Jovons looked all round. 'Thoro was certainly nothing to soo, but it struck him that tho air felt very cold, and ho shnt tho door. Tho in stant it closed behind him a dark shadow fell across tho squaro of light issuing from tho ontraiico to the saddlo-room. " Now'a your time, Slimmy," whispered Mr. Vicary. "Nip in and doctor his liquor. This is getting precious alow." The beor stood on a table barely two paces from tho door. Stretching out his arm, tlio tout omptiod tho contents of a small bottle into the jug, and crept noise lessly back to his hiding-place. " There's a douce of a draught in here," said Jevons to himself, "and whore it comes from fairly beats me." He held up his hand at different heights, trying to test tho direction of tho chill current of air. But it Boomed to come from every quarter at once, and shifted continually, Tho lad struok a lucifor, and held it level with his shouldor. To his utter astonishmont tho flame burned clear and steady, though ho could feel tho cold draught blowing on his face, and oven stirring tho hair on his closoly cropped head. " That's a rain go," he said, staring at the match as it died out. He. backed a few steps towards the wall, tho draught was fainter j whon ho carno level with the horse it ceased altogother. " Tori aro wiso, my lad, to stick to this corner," Jovons remarked as he looked at the colt j "it's enough to blow your head off on tho other side, Well, it must havo been, the wind I hoard, for thoro ain't nothing here." He locked tho door and went hack to tho saddle-room. The hands of the American clock on the narrow mantelpiece pointed to twelve. Jevons loaded his pipe, poured out the rest of the beer, and took a long pull. Then he lacked the fire together, and looked about for a match. " Now, where did I put that box," ho said, staringstupidly round. "Where did I put that— what is it I'm looking for ? What's got my head? It's all of a Bwim." He felt for a chair and Bat down, holding his hand to his heavy eyes. The lids felt as if they were weighted with lead. The gaB danced with a golden miBt that blinded him, and the whole room was spinning round and round. Then the pipe dropped from his nerveless fingers, and his head forward on the table. "He's safe," muttered Vicary, as he softly pushed the door ajar and surveyed the unconscious lad. " That's prime stuff to keep the baby quiet. Here's the key Slimmyj I'll bring the light. When we've damped the powder in that there rocket, Coulsoh will wish he hadn't been so handy with his crop this morning." Slimmy turned the key in tho lock and looked into the box j then he gave a slight start and draw quickly back. " What's up ?" inquired tho landlord. " Go on, it's all right." " Sh I" whispered the tout, " he might hear you." "Hear us? not he, nor the last day neither, if it came now." He was thinking of orvons, but Slimmy 1 pulled to tho door and hold it. "Thero's some ono m there," ho muttered, " an old chap. Ho's sitting on a bucket right in front of the horse." "Did he soo yo'u ? " " I don't know, his back was turned and he looked asleep like." He loaned forward, listening intently, but not a sound camo from behind tho closed door. "Coulson didn't moan to bo caught nappiug," said Vicary, under his breath. " Is it a stable hand ? " " A cut abovo that," returned the othor, in the same tono. " "L'is queer he should keep so quiet." T'lioy waited a few minutes but every thing was still. "See lioro," whispored Sliuimy, un twisting the muffler he woro round his neck, " there ain't no mannor of ubo standing hero all night..- Givo mo the stick. If I can got past him quiet, I will ; but if bo moves, you be ready to slip the handkerchief over his head. Ho can't make much of a fight agon tho two of us, and wo ain't got this far to bo stalled off by an old crock like him ; keep well behind him. Never mind the lantern. He's got a light inside." There was a light insido, but where it came from would havo been difficult to say. It fell clear as a limelight ovor half tho box, and beyond tlio shadow lay black and impenetrable, a wall of darkness. As ho crossed tho threshold Slimmy folt a blast of cold air sweep towards him, striking a strange chill into his very bonos. Straight opposite stood a horso, and be fore him an old man was sitting on a re versed buckot, his elbow resting on his knee, his head on his hand. To all appearances ho was' asleep. But evon in that intense stillness tho tout could catch- no sound of breathing. His own heart was thumpiug against his ribs with tho force of a sledge-hammer. Ho felt his flesh creeping with n sensation of fear that was almost sickening. Foar ? Y03, that was the word ; ho was horribly afraid. And of i what? Of a weak old man for whom he would have boon more than a match singlo- lianded, and they woro two to ono. What a fool he was, to bo sure ! With a des- perato effort ho pulled himself together and went forward, his oyo warily fixed on tho Bilent figuro. Neither horso nor man moved. Slimmy thrust his hand into hi3 pocket and felt for tho bottle which w-.ib to Bottlo tho Socket's chances for the Ebor 1 IHs fingers woro on the cork, whon tho silenco was broken by a sound that brought a oold sweat out on his forehead and lifted tho hair on his head. It was a low chuck ling laugh. Tho man on tho bucket wns looking at him. Tlio gleaming eyes fixod him with a sort of mesmeric power, and tho eottlo fell from his trembling fingers. " Quick with the rag, Sam," ho gasped, "he's seen mo." But Vicary stood liko ono turned to stone. His gaze fastened on the seated figuro, taking in every item of tho quaint dross, tho liigh gill collar and ample bird's-eyo stock, tho drab coat and antiquated brooches and gaiters. His mouth wrs open, but for the life of him ho could not speak. He was waiting in tho helpless fascination of horror to see tho face -of a man who had beon dead and buried for fifteen years. Slowly, liko an automaton, that strango watcher turned his head. The squaro, resolute mouth was open as if to speak j tho shrunken skin was a greonisli yellow color, liko the skin of a corpse ; along tho templo ran a dull blue mark in tho shape of a horse's hoof ; but tho eyes burned like two living coals as they fixed them selves on tho face of the terrified publican. With a singlo yell of " Lord ha' mercy on us ! 'Tis old Aliok himself," Viokary turned and fled. Slimmy heard the crash of the lantern on the stones and the sound of his flying feot, and an awful terror came upon him, a great fear, which inado his teeth chatter in his head and curdled the blood in hie veins. The place seemed full of an unnatural light — the bine flames that danco at night over deserted grave- yards. Tho air was foul with the horrible odora of decay. Abovo all ho felt tho foarful presence of that which was neither living nor dead — the semblance of a man whose human body had beon for fifteen years rotting in tho grave. It was not living but it moved. Ita cold,shiningoye8 werelookingintohis, were coming nearer. Now they were dose to him. With tho energy of dispair Slimmy grasped hia _ stiok by the thick end and struck with his full force at the horror bo- foro him. Tho loaded knob whistled through the air, and, overbalanced by the forco of his own blow, the wretched tout pitched forward, and with one piercing shriek fell prone on tho Btraw. (to be continued.) 