Religious Records.^ The Our Be., Bl Bxv. H. XaW. , He that is llangcd is accursed of.God.—Deufc.■ xjd.23.1 ... . .... , This is a terrific word. It - shows the misery of miseries, the inmost ooro of agony, the vary soul of anguish, tho sting of woe, despair's ex-; tremity; This Bum of evil is the curse of God. ; When God bleifles, edrroW is joy, pain has swefit oase,'. and burdens lose their weight. Beneath His Bmiie the hod of eiohhess is repose, :ahd death's approach is welcomed. , If He be absent there ^is. a void whioh nothing, can .supply ; but if He frown what horrors multi ply. What shall he .said, then, "of ihatonrso which. is His uttermost display of wrath ? Better, far better, not to have been born, than to meet this. 0 my sonl, whateverbe the cost, etoape it. ■ With this resolve approaoh tho text before us. Tho outside casket may seem rough, but It contains a precious jewel.' "He that la hanged is accursed of God." The meaning must be primarily sought. Mark, this is ho statement that criminals up lifted on a cross thereby pass into deeper guilt. There was, iudeed, extremeet ignominy in this mode of reath. It was the brand of otter loathing. Bat man's contempt entails not the Divine ouree. Earth may abhor whilst heaven approves. The cross oonld never be. the canse. : Curse 1 A Baint might rise to heaven from that tree. It is cot meant, then, that a man by being hanged becomes aconrsed of God. This word describes not malefactors in the mass. It is partionlar. It has a. prophet's voioe. It is a gospel Bign. It 6yes exclusively the crucified Joins. It only tells the foot that He who Game to bear God's ourse should hang npon the tree, lc ptotores His esptoial mode of dying. A croea shall be the evidenoe that Jesus thereon sustains the law's full threat. Header, this brings us to ponder closely the Lord's work. From all eternity it was decreed that He should bear His people's sins This is the essence of the covenant of peace., Ho will ingly consents. The guilt is all transferred to Him Each violation of the law is charged to His acoount. He stands the guilty one1. Thus all His rauMhied are released from "blame. Their penalties—theirourse—arc wholly claim fid, reoeived, and borne by Him. A proxy suffers all, that they may suffer none. ■ These are the terms arranged in. everlasting 'counsels. The Saviour is to be a substitute. The saved are to be free, because He pays. The law romits.no due. It takes all: from another's hand.. Jesus is a vioajrious ouraa. ! ■ Suoh is God's grace—suQh the Redeemer's love—snoh the simplicity of salvation's scheme. ,This text thcn,,giveu.a signal mark, whereby the curse- snstkinhig surety^ shall be known. Already bad a typical pioture taught the truth. A brazen serpent,; hangiug on a. pole, had shown the Saviour hanging on: a tree. But here plain .words speak plainly. Hangingis now distinotly named.' The voice orios, "He that is hanged is the muse of God." Ho doubt remains. It stands announced, that when the true Deliverer shall appear, upon tho cross He shall expire. ' A'pledgeisgivrai/too marvellous for man's invention—too' clear for to misioterpret. If this shonld fail, faith loses her sure gronnd. If other death makes Christ his prey, Christ takes not the ourse away. The Gospel fabric crumbles into dost. But tbis fails not. Withont the oity's gate the cross is raised.- To it the Lord is bound. On it He is upraised, a speotaole to God, to angels, and to men. But wondrous steps lead to this.wondrous end. It seemed as though it oonld not he. While Israel's power remained supreme, the cries was not a Jewish malefactor's death. If Joeus die, then by their rule He will not die with pierced hands and feet. Stones will crash. But difficulties vanish before God's decree. The eceptre, therefore, posees from the ancient people. The Boman law prevails. It mast condemn and exeonte.' But, when the Bomans slay, they oruoify. Hence, Christ sentenoed by Pilate, is harried to the tree. Hence on tho oross He hangs. The propheoy is thoroughly fulfilled. And faith, pointing to Calvary, shouts, " Car God is trao; Jesus com pletely saves; He that, is banged is aoeursed of Hod." Header, here for a momest take your medi tative seat. Bnt vain the oross exoept the spirit gild it with His light. Therefore, send forth the fervent cry, "Come, Holy Ghost, teaoh mo the glory of Calvary's soene." : The prominent trnth is this — Jesus there hanging is tho anno of God. Fnlly to realiso the joy of this we must dis tinotly understand the ourse. Whence springs it? What kindles this fierc; flame? Disobedi ence is the cno oanBe. If all mon loved their God—if His one law ruled in eaoh heart— beamed in each look—spake in eaoh word— moved in eaoh step—then earth wonld not have brown the name of curse. The loving ohild, walking with God, would only bask in smiles Bnd feast on blessings. But ah.! how differentia the oass. In Adam's fall the human family pass into rebellion's realm. The fountain-head, being poisoned, only can send evil from it. Henoe wrath arises. Henoe the ourse thunders. Reader, make tbis truth praotioal. For until ruiu be discerned Christ's shelter never will bo sought. Boldly, then, ask, " la this nurse mino? " Lot Qod roply. Behold His mirror. View yottrsolf thoroin. Tako His truo standard. Jlcn-iire yoursolf thereby. Produce his fault less scales. There weigh yourself. Tho 8pirit from Bis lofty throne thus speaks, " Cursed is everyone that continucth not in all things whiuh are written in the book of the la w not to do them" (Hal, iii, 10), . • i ... \- , ;Ohi , solemn wordlBut it is plain.,## ,solemn^ 'Heat it,-y esona of then. ; EMft care* 4 •inlly' it# several parts.; ' What ',is wrilt^fd.j this edict book ? The terms are brie! afld'axidk They ask for lore to God—to man. ThU'iatha -p oho demand; and this mutt reign In every,, movement of the heiut from the cradle:tb the... t grave. All thought must flow ln.one'brm|d ..0 ohanuel—love. All words m'nat, eo^d/cnioi., echo—love. A'l works mast have thii springs .. this conrso, this end/ Exception there ia_ noho. ,.j This role's erclosnre holds onri total iace'.'.,"Tfo j rank ascends above it. No poverty deseehd# bblbw it. ' Gold cannot pnrohase..license.. y Penary csonpt evade.. Talent and learning.,^ .cannot frame excuse. .All who have.,breathed ^ life's breath, from Adam's day to..thisone hoar, all; who shall breathe, until thoiTioxdlg ^ return, are nnder the dlstlnot command of Iove. - ;If there be failure ii one eiogle thought, law ia broken and the curse accrues. " But eye# are slow to open to this giant trujii* s doflld sfllj earth be one_vide scene of unaonoera L.. if this reality waro, felt I.'.Could. giddy cropldi. 4 thus Hugh and Sport if once they saw the bohfl of • utse upon them ? , Reader, perchance you fondly reason, the law .; is broken, but the curs" will not foil. Hy pleas ore many. They will laud meonnoma rock. Well, then, produce yo-it pleas. The law r says, ''Give me unsullied love," and points to your defects. Ton caDnot deny guilt,. and,/j thereby ycu allow the, ouree to be yohr duo. :. But you reply, " I erred In oarly days, witkun« ■, formed mind and thoughtless heart.". Baitso, a early transgreseiou is transgression still, and, therefore, you arc cursed- You add," Biitlwaa, sorely tried. Conld human nature stand, whan so assailed?" Thelaw.knows nothing of aa extenuating cauEe. To err—bo the' occasion^ what it may—to err is to be onrsed. .. But, perhaps, yon p'.ead your penitence— > your broken heart—your streaming eyes—your smitten brea-t—the pavement worn out by your 0 knees Can penitence recall the past, or undo 1 what is done ? It cannot. Offence remain* <5 offence, and cash offence is curse. .'.... Do you betake yourself to cries, and humbly sopplioste meroy—reprieve— space for reform! Do you say, "Let me commence my.opinn •* afresh—blot out the debt, and let me enter on a ; new career." It oannotbe. Past deeds.have ■ ; earned their wages. The wages must bopaid, . i, and they are curse. '•> Reader, do not evade this reasoning. What;. • ever bo yonr age or grade, to tbis point yon are ' brought—in self—by nature—by yonr own •> deed—you stand accursed of God. There iano , hour in which love has not failed. Therefore ,-, each hour bas linked you to the curse., ._t7 But perhapa you ask, " What iathla curse f" You feel no present'wrath:' ~The~'canopy of heaven is bright above. 8helter aud food and friends abound, unnumbered comforts cheer your path. It may be so. But this present will not be always present The 'future is drawing near. Death presses at yonr heel#. And judgment I follows .death.' Then fines' deserts must be received: And the desert# ire"'® ouree. • Do you still ask, what.is the ctuee?75fordj#c-a cannot fully tell. Thought cannot gr#sp tbo^,; magnitude.. No .images eari pafnt the hound". -•' lessness ofilhis nugmshVo Bnt if dsimo^'Aili short of this. . ' God pntaforth' ail HU u3gEV^-°'~' stirs up His utmost stMgth-;-strafnB every'>*r; effort—all for one purpose—to^assW'Hfi j* majesty—to' avenge His broken law—to JSj? perdition on tho offender's head.: In brief; the y curse is hell: Ah! what is here implied. itJcBi' ' science is tortured; by; the undying cWnrmi.'T Remorse infliots unmitigated etings.- fMefm*y> n upbraids with , bitterest reproach. .Thebflidy/lf writhes in all intensitiea ofpain. -Each, seatave gapes, as inlet of agony. God • is far.-cffi"3 Blackness of darkness thiokens all." around. - ; Satan insults. Wretched companions deepen - u the horror by their wails The woe increase#, by full knowledge ot eternal hopdesanass."",..: Years will roll on, but misery will bemisary'. still. Ages will follow, ages, but respite iiriU..'a not dawn. The present will be ever preiea^;-.? an infinity of suffering. Such is an; outline of 7. the curse—Just—merited—and sure. It/most 7y be. The broken law demands it. It will to. -, God's truth declares it. 7.".t But wherefore 19 this pioture drawn?. The" •, purport is to endear tb6 tidiogs of escape. The motive is to magnify the glorious truth, " Hal that is hanged," even Jesu6; " is'accursed 'of God." Thedesire is, to win all thoughts to Him—the substituted curse. ; _ sr:-. ■» With this intent let us return to Calvary.' i The oross is there ereoted. The mighty"Gcd»v :a man is draggedto it. The nails Him and1': He there expires. Thus He beoomes the curse7 of God. Thus the whole vengeance falls da7 '• Him. He there bears all the anguish, which 1 would have been His people's doom, if they bad' : tossed for ever on flame-beds. No grain of- 1 miseryls withheld. No pity spares Him.- The corse—the dreadful curse—the total curse—In * all its boundless length and breadth, poorsits,-, whole weight upon Him. . i. j Sure'y, then, all who are contained in Christ - r may now confront the law. Let it bringforth . > their guilt. They own the jtisticeof the charge. T Let it cry, Take my ouree. They, point-to - Jesus taking all. The plea is valid. *nidy; ■ cannot suffer what their Surety has first borne. , They are co-sure and free, simply becauso Ha- , has endured for them . \ Believer, will you not livo beside the cross!.,.; Can you withdraw your oyeo ! Bead its clear - lauguago. Take its rioh comfort.. Clasp,UV-v full joy. Doubt not—be verily assured—that. J it absorbs your ouree. Drink its deep streams- ., of peace And bless your precious Lord, wha.',^ thus vicariously saves Give all your heartr-..;; give all your life—to Him. Ib He not worthy J Think that, without His love, yonr endless' state would have been endless ourse. Think ' that, through His oursa-beiring death,'your ' present state is blessing—your eternal homaia * glory. 