THE NOVELIST. The World's Desire. (BY H. EIDER HAGGARD AND ANDREW LANG.) Ifelenam vero immortalem fuisse indicat temjpua. SBEVIUS. JENEID IL, 501. BOOK II. J* CHAPTER IX.-(CONTINUED.) ' " So once before thou dids't give it," answered the Evil j "ay, far, far away, beneath a golden sky and in another clime. Happy wast thou then with him thou dost desire, but I twined myself about thy heart, and of twain carno throe and all the sorrow that has been. So woman thou hast worked, so woman it is ordained. For thou art that she in whom all woes are gathered, in whom all love is fulfilled. And I have dragged thy glory down, woman, and I have loosed thee from thy gentleness, and set it upon the earth, and Beauty is she named. By beauty doth she work who is the Golden Helen, and for her beauty's sake, that all men strive to win, aro wars and woes, are hopes and prayers, and longings without end. But by evil dost thou work who are divorced from innocence, and evil shalt thou ever bring on him who thou desirest. A riddle ! A riddle ! Read it who may lead it if thou canst, thou who art named Meriamun and Queen, but who art less than Queen and more. "Who art thou? Who is she they name the Helen? Who is that Wanderer who seeks her from afar, and who, who am I ? A riddle ! A riddle 1 that thou mayest not read. Yet is the answer written on earth and sky and sea, and in the hearts of men, " Now hearken I' To-morrow night thou shalt take me and twine me about thy body, doing as I bid thee, and behold ! for a while thy shape shall wear the shape of the Golden Helen, and thy face shall be as her face, and thine eyes as her eyes, and thy voice as her voice. Then I leave the rest to thee, for as Helen's self thou shalt beguile the Wanderer, and once, if once only, be a wife to him whom thou desirest. Nought can I tell thee of the future who am but a counsellor, but hereafter it may he, that woes will come, woes and wars and death. But what matter these when thou hast had thy desire, when he has sinned, and hath sworn by the Snake who should haye sworn by the Star, and when he is bound to thee by ties that may not be loosed. Choose, Meriamun, choose 1 Put my counsel from thee and to-morrow this man thou lovest shall be lost to thee, lost in the arms of Helen ; and alone for many years shalt thou bear the burdon of thy lonely love. Take it, and he shall at least be thine, let como what may come." Thus spake the Ancient Evil, tempting her who was named Meriamun, while she hearkened to the tempting. " I have chosen," she said, " I will wear the shape of Helen, and be a wife to him I love, and then let ruin fall. Sleep, thou Ancient Evil. Sleep, for no more may I endure thy face of fear that is my face, nor the light of those flaming eyes that are my eyes made mad." Again the Thing reared its human head and laughed out in triumph. Then slowly it unloosed its gleaming coils j slowly it slid to the earth and shrank and withered like a flaming scroll till at length it seemed once more but a shining jewel of opal and of amethyst. . . . . . \- The Wanderer, when he left the inner secret shrine, saw no more the guardians of the gates, nor heard the clash of the swords unseen, for the Gods had given the beauty of Helen to Odysseus of Ithaca, as it was foretold. Without the curtains the priests of the temple were gathered wondering-little could they understand how it omme to pass that the hero who waa called Eperitus had vanished through the curtains and had not been smitten down by the unseen swords. And when they saw him come forth glorious and unharmed they cried aloud with fear. But he laughed and said, "Fear.,not. Victory is to him whom the Gods appoint;. I haye done battle with the wardens of:the shrine, and passed them, and methinks that they are gone. I have looked upon the Hathor also, and more than that seek ye not to know. Now give me food, for I am weary." ? So they bowed before him, and leading him thence to their chamber of banquets gave bira of their beat, and watched him while he ate and drank and put from him the desire of food. Then he rose and went from the temple, and again the priests bowed before him. Moreover, they gave him the freedom of the temple, and keys whereby all the doors might be opened, though little, as they thought, had he any need of keys. Now the "Wanderer, walking gladly and light of heart, came to his own lodging in the courts of the Palaco. At the door of the lodging stood Rei the Priest, who, when he saw him, ran to him and em braced him, so glad was he that the Wan derer had escaped alive. " Little did I think to look upon thee again, Eperitus," he said. " Had it not been for that which the Queen-" and he bethought himself and stayed his speech. « Nevertheless,, here I am, unhurt of ghost or men," the Wanderer answered, laughing, as he passed into the lodging. " But what of the Queen?" " Nought, Eperitus, nought, save that she was grieved when she learned that thou hadst gone up to the templo of the Hathor, there, as she thought, to perish. Hearken, thou Eperitus, I know not if thou art god or man, but oathB are binding both on men and gods, and thou didst swear an oath to Pharaoh, is it not so ?" " Ah, Rei.- I swore an oath that I would guard the Queen i well till Pharaoh came again." ? . ; .. ' ' " Art thou minded to keep that oath, Eperitus?" asked Rei, looking on him strangely. ".Art thou* minded to guard the fair fame of Pharaoh's Queen, that is more precious than her life? Methinks thoii dost understand my. meaning, Eperi tus?" "Perchance, I understand," answered the Wanderer. " Know, Rei, that T am so minded." ' ? Then Rei spake again, darkly. " Me thinks some sickness hath smitten Meria mun the Queen, and she craves thee for her physician. Now things come about as they were foreshown in the portent of that vision whereof I spoke to thee. But if thou dost "break thy oath to him whose salt thou eatest, then, Eperitus, God or man, thou art a dastard." * Have I not, said that I have no mind so to break mine oath," he answered, then sank his head upon his breast and com muned with his crafty heart while Rei watohed him. Presently he lifted up his head'and spoke "Rei," he said, " I am minded to tell thee a strange story and a true,-for this I see, that our will runs one way and thou canst help me, and, in helping me, thyself and Pharaoh to whom I swore an oath, and her whose honor thou holdest déar. But this I warn thee, Rei, that if thou dost betray me, not thine age, nor thine office, nor the friendship thou hath shown me, shall eave thee." "Speak on, Odysseus, Laertes's son, Odysseus of Ithaca," said Rei, " may my life be forfeit if I betray thy counsel, if it harm not those I serve." Now the Wanderer started to his. feet crying : " How knowest thou that name ?" " I know it," said Rei, " and I tell thee that I know it, thou most crafty of men, to show this, that with me thy guile will not avail thee." For he would not tell him that he had it from the lips of the Queen. " Thou hast heard a name that has been in the mouths of many," said the Wanderer ; " perchance it is mine, per chance it is the name of another. It matters not. Now know this j I fear this Queen of thine. Hither I came to seek a woman, but the Queen I came not to seek. Yet I have not come in vain, for yonder, Rei, yonder, in tho temple of the Hathor I found her on whose quest I came and who waited me there well guarded till I should come to take her. On the morrow night I go forth to the temple, and there, by the gates of the temple, I shall find her whom all men desire, but who loves me alone among men, for so it has been fated of the . gods. Thence I bring her hither that here we may be wed. Now this is my mind: if thou wilt aid me with . a Bhip and men, that, at the first light of dawn, we should flee this land of thine and that thou shouldst keep my. going secret for a while till I have^gaihed the sea. True it is that I swore to guard the Queen till Pharaoh come again j but as thou knowest; things are so that I can best guard her by my flight, and if Pharaoh thinks* ill of me so it must be. Moreover, I ask thee, to meet me by . the pylon, of the temple of Hathor to-morrow at one hour before midnight. There will we talk with her who ia called the Hathor, and prepare our flight, and thence thou shalt go to that ship which thou hast made ready." Now Rei thought a while and answered : " Somewhat I fear to look upon this god dess, yet I will dare it. Tell me, then, how shall I know her at the temple's gate ?" " Thou shalt know her, Rei, by the red star which burns upon her breast. But fear not, for I will be there. Say, wilt thou make the ship ready P" " The ship shall be ready, Eperitus, and though I love thee well, I say this, that I would it rode the waves which roll around the shores of Khem and thou wert in it, and with thee she who is called the Hathor, that goddess whom thou, de sirest." ' 