A II Up to i Nitei liost Story. AN KXTlUOHDI.VA.liy KXl'EMENCE XUA.lt IjtVEIU'OOfj. ?' Having lioon conccrnol in a most remark fthlo and altogether inexplicable adventure the other evening, which happened to me in Thomas Ijario, Knotty Ash, I have been induced, at the oarnost solicitation of many friend#, to communicate the following particulars of the same lo the Liverpool public as being of more tliun ordinary interest.' So writes a corrcsi pondent of the Lirrrpnn! ;-,w( . ? ' i was procoouing leisurely on foot to Broad 1 Ri een (he proceeds) when, on passing the church at Knotty Ash, my attention was suddenly arrested hy tho strange and uncanny appearane. of its graveyards. Tlio time would then ho shortly after midnight. The whole burying, ground seemed nlive and glistening with a tnoiKiind small Ijltieish lights, which uppearcd to creep in and out of the different graves, as if the departed spirits wri-e taking a midnight ramble. I *tood petrified, not knowing what to make of it, at tbe sumc time experiencing a fading of horror which suddenly took possession of mp. Just at this moment the moon, which had hitherto been more or less obscured hy a moving panorama of passing clouds, came, as it would seem, to my assistance, giving me for a ,vory short timo the benefit of her companion ship. And now appeared the most startling phenomenon of all, a phenomenon which caused my hair lo stand on end with fright, a cold numbness of horror paralysing mo in every Iimh, for, advancing up the road, directly opposite me, came a funeral train, the collin borne along with measured tread, covered with an immense black pall, which fluttered up in the jmdmght wind. ' At first I thought I must surely be dream ing. and therefore pinched myself in the arm to ascertain if this were really the case, liut no, I ccrtainly was not, for I distinctly felt the nip, and wan therefore satisfied as to my wake fulness. ? What could it all mean V I asked myself as the cortege gradually approached me, and I bewail to distinguish the general outlines of the hearers. These appeared to be elderly men, and io have lived in a bygone age. All were dressed in the. costume of the latter part of tho. eighteenth century. They wore tie wigs, and some had swords, as well as walking sticks mounted with deaths' heads. I observed one only really young man among the crowd of followers, walking just behind the coffin. His youth, in comparison with tile others, perhap, made me take especial notice of hiin. He was dressed in what appeared to be block velvet, the whiteness of his rulHes standing out in marked contrast to the sombre nature of his general attire. He carried a sword, had diamond buckles to his shoes, and wore his powdered hair in a ijueue. The face of this young man was deathly pale, as were also all the others accompanying liiiu. Instead of tlio procession advancing to the gate at which I stood, it turned suddenly and entered the burial ground by the one situated at a few yards distance. As the collin was borne through thie gate all the blue spirit lights seemed to rise from the graves as if to meet the cortege for the pur poso of escorting the body to its last resting place ; these awful lights added considerably to the glmstliness of the suenc as they floated over the collin and heads of the mourners. Slowly the procession glide.! up the pathway, passing the main entrance of the church, and continuing its way ill a straight line, linally disappeared at the biwk ot the edifice. Where this most extra ordinary tuneral went to or what became of it, I cannot tell ; but this much I distinctly aver, that collin, mourners, and lights— even the pale Hickcring moonlight — all disappeared as mys teriously as they came, leaving me standing in tile darkness transfixed with astonishment and fright. Upon gathering together my somewhat scattered senses I took to my hoc Is, and never Stopped running till I found myself sate in my own house. In fact, 1 scarcely remember how I got home. Ater recovering a little from the shook 1 immediately aroused a female relative who had retired for the night, and related to h.r the above particulars. She assured me that I must _ have been suffering from mental hallucination, but seeing the great per turbation ot my mind, and at the same time knowing my natural scepticism with regard to all so-called supernatural phenomena, she came to the conclusion that, after all, I might possibly have seen what has been described above. The next day I made in quiries at thd neighborhood of Knotty Ash, and ascertained from a very old woman that she remembered a story in ner youth having refer ence to the mysterious and sudden death of an ois occupant of Thingwell Hall, wlio was hastily and quietly buried, she thought, at midnight, in old Knotty Ash churchyard. If so, was this a ghastly repetition of the event got up for my especial beuclit, or was it a portent intended to foreshadow the coming of the Dread Visitor to myself ? Nuw, as I have before stated, I am no believer in ghosts, but certainly this very remarkable experience of mine has entirely upset all my previously conceived notions ou the subject, leaving me in a quandary of doubt. On the evening upon which 1 saw the mysteri ouh funeral at Knotty Ash, I was exceedingly wide uwoke; had met several cyclists on the Prescott Hood, with whom I conversed, and had refreshed myself at the public drinking foun tain pluccd at the top of Thomas Lane. Strange that a few hundred yards further down I should encounter so ghostly an experience— an experience 1 shall never forget to my dyill' day.' 