A LATE REPENTENCE; OR THE LITTLE WHITE HANI), BY MRS. MMty DE^KISON.: CHAPTER ym. DALT0K*6 FRIGHT In ozdei to account lot the advertisement, we mast go back to the time when, is the best spare chamber of the inn, a fair woman lay under the mask of death, andpublicaari osity was raised to Its utmost. The nsoal means were taken to discover the culprit, but so carefully prepared had beat all the details of the escape that no light had yet been thrown upon the matter. The coachman had seen a man sitting motionless upon a black home at the corner of a certain road, bat thongh the road had been thoroughly searched, the horseman had apparently been seen by no other hnman being. It was the seoond day after the inqaest.and several physicians had driven to the old Staaks house, whose broad portals were filled with men who had come for miles, many of them to be preeent at the funeral cervices ol old Granny Staaks. These medical and scientific gentlemen had come for a purpose; that purpose was dissection of the stomach of the poor victim, in order to ascertain what was the nature of the poison by which she evidently died. When the funeral cortege left, Daiton, not having a fondnesB for eer viees of that logubrious kind, had managed to remain behind. Those of the servants who did not go were moving quietly about the kitchen and back premises. Andrew, with a booh in bis band as usual, cat in bis grotesque fashion, shoulders over ears, oblivious to all that was passing about mm. To mm Cue cult, utnuw uute 01 imt hill-side, the gentle curie of the valley, the dickering shadows of gold and green that seemed to chase each other over the fields, the intense blue of the sky—a June blue that sometimes creeps into an autumn atmos phere, the slcpiog bl&nds; cf whits cloud, fading from brightness into beauty were as nothing. He was deep in some mediseval con quest. Daiton bad stationed himself by the win flow from which the had called him a few evenings before. A late bird piped sweet music from the .boughs of a solitary tree growing before the porch. It seemed to him like a shrine, that casement, whose panes of greenish white glass were set in diamond shaped, and it was to be forever associated in hiB mind with the singular intensity of feeling with which he had regarded an utter stranger. Now he could hear the movements in the inner chamber and the sound of soft talking. He set his lips together hard as he thought of that day, and the man whose dastardly deed bad tarnished the brightness of this poor, gentle life. Suddenly the handle of the door turned. A longish face, with longish hair and beard, and a pair of green spectacles, under which the eyes looked as round and hard as pebbles, was thrust out. He nodded towards Daiton as if be wished to speak with him. The boy went forward and saw that the man had a towel in his hand, and that his face was un naturally pale. "My lad,I wish you would call your mother immediately." " Mother's not at home, sir; she's gone to granny's funeral." " Oh, yes," said the man, softly, looking at the wall over Dalton's head. "Oh, yes," he reflected, " I might have known. How is it with the maids—are they all gone?" he Daiton noticed that the talk in the next room was very rapid, and that there was_ a deal of confused moving about as of chairs and tables being pushed aside. " There's Hannah Crag, she that helps the cook," said Daiton, " and Mary Medway the (foambermaid." << Which ie the oldest J" asked the doctor. " Ob, Wannyh Crag, 1 think. She a older than mother, though Mary Medway ien't much younger. They've boih been here for "We may want two," said the doctor medi tatively ; " but just at present you may ask Hannah Crag up here. Tell her to bring some water, boiling hot." " Yes, sir," said Daiton, and disappeared on his errand. Presently he came upstairs, followed by Hannah, whose moon like face, smooth, gray hair, small blue eyes, and pendulous ponder ous doable chin were all quivering wiih curi osity. "If ever there's a thing I do detest," she said, as she stopped for a moment on the lahding to recover her breath, "it's being called anywhere to do anything by a doctor. How ever shall I face them all ?" " Oh, easy enough, Hannah. I don't aop poEe there's much to do," said Daiton. " If it was gruel, now, or wine whey—bat I'll dream of it for nights if I have to see or tonch that woman." " There, I've knocked," said Daiton, " you must go in," and as the door opened he gently pushed her forward. Then be list ened. There was more talking, then a quick, ter rified scream, then the door opened. Hannah .Crag rushed past him, almost knocking him down, her face pale, her mouth open, and flew down the stairs as fast as her ponderous limbs would allow. It happened that as she disappeared, and before Daiton could speak, Mary Medway, who was a slender woman, with a dried up-faoe, though it was by no means an unpleasant one, was coming from somewhere in the upper regions, and jnst as she made her appearance opposite Daiton, the doctor's face was at the door. "Where's that fool gone?" he asked, angrily. " Come in here a few moments and I'll pay you for it," he added, addressing Maiv Medway, who gave one slow glance from Daiton to the doctor, and then went in. Daiton listened now all in a tremor. What pppia it be 7 Never had his curiosity been so awakened.' Again a cry, though fainter and leBB surprised then HannBh Crag's had been, Bounded in the stillness, bat Mary did not out as her predecessor had done, but remained—and there was again a great rat tling—then dead silence. What could it Daiton ran down stairs to find Hannah Crag, bat Hannah was not to be seen. She bad fled from the house, and gone to a crony Bf hers, a neighboring servant. There was a shed directly under the win* pmto whose "* <Jowb 'o£ the spate ^ay&irs;&t.; L5S labor he lifted himself from ass-piece to the other till he alighted i the shed.' The blindB were closed, bat the slate being moveable, he conld manage to bring a part of the room within the scope of his vision. He distinctly saw Mary Medway folding a large piece of blanket, and then stooping over the bsd. Just then, the same doctor who had appeared at the door-way came forward, holding a vial np and shutting jj. 6'ill intent npon the thing that ooonpied his thoughts, he drew himself up by main toroe, holding on to the blind-fastenings, so that he could see the bed. Then a dreadful tremor came over him. He shivered from head to foot, and grew dizzy, nearly falling, bat caving himself by a clatch at the blinds. Fearful that the noise he made woald at tract attention, he let himself down, clamb ered over the trellis, ran through the wide hall,and appeared on the porch so thoroughly shaken up, that Andrew, startled from his book, directed his attention that way, then gave a sort of shake to his shoulders that re leased his ears. " Whatever'a come over you, boy," he queried, letting the book rest on his knee. " I—I've seen her!" said Dalton with chat tering teeth. " Well, what of it ? h'a not the first dead body you've looked ot in your life-time, is it?" " ' ' "Bit—but"—and be clutched Andrew's shoulder with his shaking hand—"she's— not d->rtd 1" " What 1" and Andrew sprang op with-the agility of a monkey. " I—I saw her as plainly as £ see you; the bed-curtains were drawn, the pillows piled high; she seemed half-sitting, and I swear she opened her eyes and moved her head." "Ton swear! Who ever heard sneb a crazy loon ? He swears a poisoned woman, who has been dead two days, is living—" " And that," said Dalton pursuing Ms own thoughts, "is the meaning of the screams. Both ot them screamed, and poor Hannah was frightened out of her witB." " Well, what no w ? Who was it screamed, and when ?" queried Andrew, picking np his book. "You are a great one to myBiify folks." " Why the doctor looked out of the door; ; I was up in the window. Says he, * 1 want •our mother.' I told him she had gone to vhe funeral. Then he asked about the woman folks, I went down andgets Hannah Crag. She goes in there, and gives a screech enough to waken the dead, and out die -runs as if a ghost was after her. Then Mary Medway goes in, and she, too, screams, but she stays. Thai I was so eager to know what the matter was that Z climbed the old shed, and what I tell you is truth. That poor j creature we all thought dead,is as muoh alive as you or I. Tm certain I saw her turn her head." t " They're practicing on her with agalvania machine—that makes dead people move,"said Andrew, crawling back to hit seat. " They're doing nothing of the land; she was in a trance, likelier. There's Hannah coming back. 1 say, Hannah, come here.'' Hannah Crag, like a lively epitome of her name, came laboring on, her eyes still dis tended, her face pale. "Tell Andrew if I'm right," said Dalton. Isn't that poor creature upstairs alive?" And he caught her by the arm. r, "* Master Htaaks. Oh. Lard. I'm fit to lie down this minute ana give up the ghost.with the fright I've had this blessed day. My heart beats like a trip- hammer, and them's a wind been a-blowing down my spine ever since. Lord! how I was took to see her lying them looking straight at me." " Alive, Hannah ?" said Dalton with start ling emphasis. " Well, if she w'asn't, then I'm dead—and buried," she added, reflectively. " There 1 whatdidlteli yoa?" ejaculated Dalton, in a tone of triumph. " I never eaw anything like it—I never did," continued Hannah Crag, helplessly. "I never, never did—never! never! never 1" after whioh asseveration, repeated with the fervor of a prayer, Hannah shook her round face till the quivering muscles looked ready to drop, and took her way to the kitchen. " Well, I shouldn't wonder if she never did," Bsid Andrew, composedly. " How sorry that wicked scamp would be if he knew it! Now we shall hear all about it—for she'll tell," he added. " I hope she will, but Fm afraid not," Dal ton responded, musingly, a smouldering fire in his eyes, his cheeks and lips burning. " But I'll tell yon what, I've spotted him." *• You ?" queried Andrew, incredulously. "Yes, I." " Pray, how did you do it, sir knight of the sacred heart ?" " I took his likeness. Never did anything if the kind so well. I mean to oarry it about wiui ine, and if ever i meet the fallow, won't I punich him?" " By telling him she's alive V' Not a bit of it. It's murder in intention —cold, cruel murder, the hard- hearted vil lain. Oj, Andrew, if you could only have seen her face!' " Don': go into rhapsodies, my boy,." said Andiew, beginning to cuddle his ears down into his collar. "You'd see beauty in a week old calf." " Only wait, that's all," muttered Dal ton. " Ten to one she'll bo dead again to-mor row," said the other, composedly. " People are sometimes resuscitated only to die." " D^Uon's countenance fell. He turned away crestfallen, with hie hands in his pock fits. A diversion occurred in the shape of Mary Medway, who was walking down stairs like one in a dream. "I say, Mary, do they think she will die again cried Dalton, springing forward. " How did you know it J" she asked.f taring at him blankly. " Oh, never mind. I do know it. Is she going to live. That's what I want to know. What do they say ?" "Why, she's mighty weak; got to he nursed like a baby," said Mary Medway. Did you ever in all pour horned experience hear of each a case ? \Jfell, I'm clean dazed. When they told me she was alive I came jest as near swconcing bb I could, I'd a gone on the floor if the doctor didn't a held me. Well, well, 1 wonder what the mistress will say." Dalton crept into the shadow as the woman disappeared. Htpe and happiness had come back to him. His heart and hie temples throbbed, and his hands were hot. The sudden shock had fervered his veins; the incipent yearning for the sonnd of her sweet voice, the glance of ber soft eyes that ia older natures would have culuminated into pas sionate love, came over him more strongly iban before. Oh, it was heaven to feel that all tbst bright young beauty was not to be hidden under the dull clods of earth, such as had fallen that day on the old granddame's grave. He should perhaps see her again; feel the tonch of her hand; hear the gracious melody of her voice. The carriages now came etraggling home by ones and twos and threes. The maids began to prepare the supper, to whioh all the company was expected to stay,if they wished and it was quite noticeable that very few went away. "It was a very comfortable bnrying indeed, very comfortable," eaid a withered old man to someone wno naked about the fanatic ~" eheconldonly haveiived toseeit?'' %■, And the poor old m&n; nevereuapected he* had made a blonder. Presently Dalton Saw Mb mother descending from the carriage steps, and oot he ran with the egility of a cut. j-'. CHAPTEB XIV. OOKB XO UFK. " Come this way, mother; I've soi to tell you. No, no, don't speak, do) at them," he cried, as somebody cat ward; " let me be the first." ' I He half dragged her into a little | room, very meagrely famished. "Now, don't be frightened; it's the ; piece of news you've heard for many : Ob, yon never could gneeB." ] ■ "Ie your Uncle Jethro dead?" i Mrs. Staaks, eolemnly, gatheringbai veil. \ Jethro, John S task's bed-ridden bn was expected to leave his little propej the tavern keeper. \ " Ob, no—better than that. Motfaer< would yon give if that poor soul stairs had been left to live, even if hen band had deserted.her. 1 Mr. Staaks grew red. " Von don't tell me he's come babklV cried. "No, no, mother; hot something-al more precions has conie hack to her *1 poor lady's soul, mother." ~ 1 She looked at him like one etraok da then, in bewilderment, turned to the dot "What-are you talking about, Delta she asked, impatiently, "have yon lost I senses ?" 1 " Not a bit of it; ask Hannah Crag.j Mary Med way, or Andrew, whose word u ways taken. They will all tell you, anj. mil the doctors, that the poor lady is alij yes, mother, alive 1" j " The great heaven above us!" ejaoulj Mrs. Staaks, now turned white as a el " Dalton Staaks, do yon think I believe; word yon are telling me ?" " I saw her myself.'' ' "I tell yon, DaUon"—hut somethin) the lad's eye startled her—"you're dream and so am L Why, she's dead, dead li helped to lay her Ont myself, and her £ was as cold and hard as marble." i " Well, wait and see," said Helton hi lessly. " There 1 there's one of the doe; now, and he's looking for yon." Sbe went forward slowly, still in a ma: " Is it tine, doctor, that " " Quite tree—you mean that the woma alive—quite true, and, we hope, likely to L it's quite a curious case, likely not to be yeitcd twice in a century. It was while tl were catting that symtoms ol life waB visit Of coarse that stopped the operation, and' bent all oar efforts in resusitating thepo creature. And she's conscious now, qui conscious; has spoken twice; pulse naturt though feeble; asked the eecood time It you. It really eeeme like "a miracle. I cai hardly realize it myself ; most wonderful Will you go up now?" _ \ By ibis time the parties below etairshao got an inkling of thefaot, and the excitement was tremendous. In and out, through doom; pp and clown steps, hailing each other—the, coach coming up in the meantime with a fine' flourish; the supper going on without the mistress; people talking more than they ate ; bo the afternoon wore on, and theOldStaaks Tavern was rapidly making history tor itself. The fact of a murder having been committed within its time-honored preoints -might have injured the reputation of the house; but the wonderful recovery of a seem ingly dead person, laid out tor bet burial, was calculated to make the place an attrac tion for all travellers. Meantime, Mr. Steaks in a state of wander ' passing all description, was slowly wending ^ her way upstairs in the doctor's wake. She ' could scarcely prevail upon herself to believe . that what was going on before her was not the result of a dream. Still incredulous, not withstanding the doctor's assertion, she fol lowed him into the room, olosed the door be hind her, and looked around mechanically. There were two doctors in the front zoom talking comfortably together one of them rubbing his hands. This was the physician and apothecary of the village—a short, stoat man, with a pleasant countenance—albeit his large white teeth shut down like a box cover over biB under lip, and there were but two tufts of gray hair standing directly over hie ttcrn. ready to assure you. The young lady—case of extraordinary beauty and delicacy—has asked after you. She's lovely, poor little soul. Will you go in now?" Mrs. Steaks, remembering the first night, when she herself had discovered apparent in dications of death, shrank a little, but gather ing up her courage little by little, as one gathers up the fallen stitches one has dropped in knitting, she signified that she was ready. Nevertheless it was with an awful sinking of tbc heart that she pushed open the door that bad been partly closed, and entered. Maty Medway had been called op again, and was just leaving the bed, a cup of gruel is her band. The smell of wine was distinctly perceptible, and as the good frau turned to the bed, a little cry of pleasure, so faint that it smote upon the motherly heart like the wail of a child, sounded from the pillow. "You poor, dear little eoull" BTnlninT^fl Mrs. Stacks, the tears rushing to her eyeB, "who ever would have dreamed of this? Well, I'm glad from my heart, and she stooped down and kissed her. The pressure of the warm, red tips, the moist eyes, and the smile that certified to her honesty of assertion, gave to the poor lonely woman such a thrill of mingled rapture and anguish, that throwing herself forward, and her arms round her motherly neok, she fell upon her bosom, and clung there sobbing like a child. " After that," said Mrs. Siaaka, detailing the scene, some days after to an old friend, " what could I do but accept the office. I vowed in my heart that the poor, pretty, friendless creature should stay with me till some clue could be fonnd to her friends, ot as she said herself, till she could earn enough by her few accomplishments, to go to Eng land and find her parents. She wanted to work in my kitchen—she, with them delicate hands, and the child's face. But do yon think I'd allow that? No, indeed, eo there she is." Yes, there she was, tor she recovered qnickly, and there she eat in the little room' allotted to her, and sewed for the house all day long. Dalton was often admitted, and to stay be side her, and draw, or read, or hold a of cotton for her to wind, were among bis sweetest pleasures. She. had a natural apti tude for drawing, and her gifts had hncn /.Prt_ fully developed by her hnsband daring the first year ol their marriage, so she was of great service to Dalton. He never alluded to the sketch he had taken of her husband. She did not care to allude to him, in fact never mentioned anything conoerning her past life. Often she took charge of the books, for John reLeas, and as 1 sheallowed drewinto her _jokpleasurein no. itevemeaB, although p wheQ.ali' liberty during when there were fewer j, oame m to her worn with gOne' day she surprised her email piece of needle-work htusly like a child's garment. 1st her a little suspiciously, «her eyes, and her face grew i Lizbet'e countenance grew ' he said, laying her hand lightly Df the younger woman, fjfifi it asl a shiver Eden began to cry I the good woman beside her pitied ■ whole heart. ' " she Baid, "do not be afraid." but you would send me away," was _ „ar«ry. [hope you don't take me for a heathen, ^^ear," said Mrs. S tasks, indignantly. ^'Neither are John bnd X as poor ae church " Qf I should hope. We've a very pretty e property and can do our mite of good |as well as others. What a thought,now, that i should send you a way 1" " Oh, Mrs. Steaks I you have been so good \- to me.I wonderif ever I shall be able to re ; payyon?" criedtlrebeautifal, paleereatnre, 1 impulsively. *? And, she added, an exquisite flush creeping over her pale, Bmoolh cheek, "you have guessed rightly—but, oh, yon can not think how the thought pains roe." Fora moment Frcu Iczbe't's face clouded a little. Then.her mind went after the oruel husband, and she said to herself, with a Shudder: " It -would have been a double murder." " Sometimes it seems as if no one had suf fered as I have," murmured the little lady, patting the tiny frock with her small white hand. "Ihave not told yon that when I came hero I supposed I was on the way to see my only child—who was taken from my arms when she was scarcely more than a year old, and carried I know not where. I have given up all hopes of finding her," she said, wearily, " and can cnly pray that she may be in kind hands. Probably, 1 shall never see her in this world, or live to hold the other in my arms." " Oh, ye?, you will, you mnet not give way to despair, now," said Lizbet, gently, though in reality very murk perplexed at the pros pect of an additional burden, more on her husband's account than her own. Put pre sently her spirits lightened. " We must leave it all to the good Father above," she said, smiling, " who knows but everything may tarn out for the boat? So stop worrit ing. Ah, here's Dalton with the papers. Bead her the pews, my boy, for it is time that ! go down to see to the supper; and you—" she hentand kissed the pale lips—"keep op the best of hearts, my child." Eden greeted Da1, ton'e presence with one Other rare smiles; then composed herself to. hear the news. Dalton turned away from hex a little, that his paper might catch the full glow of light from the western window "where they sat and opened Ms budget. , He loved to read aloud, and to her. Neverin all his hie, perhaps, would he be so ecstatically happy again—never, certainly, so purely so. On and on he read; his voice was very sweet, and Ms elocution something remarkable. He was by nature a good reader. "Oh, here is something!—do you like to hear about ships and voyages?" he asked, looking round. •• Yes, indeed "—she spoke with a little heaitatanoy—oh, yes, I should like to hagr. Bead it,"if you please." : "But this, it seems, is about adisaster—an English steamer wrecked, o9 Qaeenstown, on the Xtashcoast. You don'i like to hear ex citing things." "Notoften; but read that, please. Bet me Bee, it is nearly three weeke—and perhaps— —" She looked thoughtfully out upon the lovely autumn scene; an unutterably sad ex pression overspread her beautiful face. Dalton tamed reluctantly to the paper ng∈, and read.The description was snffi cientty harrowing,and tee spare the the reader its detail—with the exertion of one Item, Which Dalton read in a steady tone, little re alizing what its import was to the heart broken woman beside him: . "Amongthe passengers was one Mr. Dun niston, well-known to. fashionable New- York society, to whom within a few weeks, by the sudden death of two prominent Englishmen, the title of Xiord Dunniston had reverted. Fossibly on his embarkation he -was not aware of Hie.change in his position, socially. However, the knowledge and the title can do Mm no good /.now, for we regret to say he was ; among thorn who perished when the vessel went down." ; A low, thrilling cry, scarcely louder than a whisper, startled the boy, there seemed a downward burden dropping upon him. It washer hand, first nerveless, and then dead weight, as shefeU forward. She had fatated quite away, as shethought of this seeming swift retribution, upon the man who had so cruelly wronged her. Dalton, frightened at this new evidence oi fragfiity, readied the hid beH-poll which fcr tanately was near Ms hand, and which sum moned his mother and Mary Med way to the cene. ' 