"SEEK FIRST THE KINGDOM OF GOD AND HIS RIGHTEOUSNESS." TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—Although the command above recited had been before the 'world eighteen centuries, the progressive churchman Lame.nais averred that " we still live under the Pagan system. In the Lame of the Sovereign Author of things, of the Heavenly Father who embraces all Ilis children with the same love, have been proclaimed, equality, liberty, brotherhood ; yet unequality is everywhere, everywhere serfdom ; everywhere brother has fettered the feet of brother with the chains of slavery ; everywhere people groan under a sacreligious oppression; everywhere, instead of the noble and loving figure of Christ, we see the spectre of Cain. Brethren, this profound disorder, this impious rebellion against God and His law, this insolent, this criminal violation of the vital right of humanity, must have an end. Vou cannot allow it to continue without rendering yourselves direct accompliccs. Interest, duty—everything urges you to accomplish the holy work of social regeneration." If then that great and good man wa9 a true witnesB, how is it that the seeking for the Kingdom of God and his fair-dealing administration has met with such small success 1 The terminology of a creed often gives insight into the spirit of its framers. Strange aB it may appear, the translators of the New Testament, while admitting that Jesus was the "Just One" excluded the word justice from the entire text of ttie sacred volume and introduced instead the expression righteousness, a word little used among the people except in theological hair-splitting. Let me ask is there a man upon the earth whose heart would not at some time or other thrill with delight if in the code of the 1? w of the realm he lived in he had been permitted to read of his Ruler that" a sceptre of justice—of fair-dealing—is the sceptre of Thy kingdom ?"—nor w uld he withhold approval when of his King it was said because "Thou hast loved fair dealing and hast hated injustice —Therefore " Thou continuest " to reign, for "Thou art" ever " the same." Again, when this code was to be operative among fellow-subjects, especially between the richer and the poorer—the translators left out the easily intelligible, because everywhere felt, word " love —and wickedly—can any milder word be used ? coined the sham word " charity " in its place. So that for three hundred years the New Testament dispensation in relation to the poor has been hcrobbed of two of the brightest jewels in the Btatute Book of itB King—of "justice and love"—i e. when read by the humble and the poor. How is it that so little is said on this subject by students of the Bible ? Jesus, by His Spirit, became the interpreter of His own teaching, reduced to practice, at the day of PentecoBt, when all were provided for at the common expense. Is it not possible to imagine how some of these converts would exclaim—Oh ! that we possessed the political power to open the way for all to provide food and raiment for themselves, honestly in the sight of God and of man." This wish is within our reach, so that if Nicodemus-like we are afraid of betraying ourselves—we can vote by ballot. Notwithstanding this facility of doing jastice to the disinherited and neglected classes, we are still, as a State, open to the danger deprecated by Lamenais—of "rendering onrselv^fc accomplices " of those who refuse to restore their share of the land to the poor, the fatherless, and the widow. These obstructives have among their number many whose consciences have been relieved from the obligation "to do justly," and to love the poverty- Btricken by the makeshift expression of charity. This it is that has taught so many of us to cruelly say of the sons and daughters of misfortune " It is all their own fault." Did it never occnr to any of us in our search for the issues involved in "The Kingdom of God" that one day it may be said of us, ' Inasmuch aa ye did it not to the least of these, ye did it not to Me ' ? Jesjs Himself declares that 60 hazy had their notion of duty to the distressed become that the delinquents were not conscious of wherein they had failed of their obligation. There are many who will remember that I have written or spoken privately to themselves as well as through the press and in the legislature on the subject ot the right of the worker, to whatever class he may belong, to a share of the land, so that he may provide for himself things honest in the eight of all men. Many have responded with ready encouragements by others the subject has been passed over in silence, may it not have been that of contempt, while some hare ventured upon bold misrepresentation of the facts stated, and the results involved. How long must it be pointed out that in the kingdom of God there must be " meat and drink," in order that the subject may live to realize the sense of "justice, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost," We hear much about the promotion of temperance by theconstraint of legal enactments, but the very persons who advocate this course appear to overlook the fact that a disinherited claBS who have lost hope and heart are not to be jeclaimed without the political restoration of their rights, which have so long, and contrary to all natural law, been withheld from them. Then as to social purity ; do the Christians and strenuous advocates for the observance of this branch of moral law remember Him who said that this doctrine of social purity could be universally enforced in one way only ? a dictum that Paul re-affirms. The methods overlooking natural law have made many of the misguided victims of a case worse than the first. The ancients were, and the Mohammedans and heathen of to-day, with many Christian nations, are better instructed than we appear to be, for every youth had his land, and we have now prominently brought before us that the religion of India insists upon the duty of marriage, which carries with it provision for the maintenance of its subjects. Thus in the East and the West the statute-law of the Kingdom of God in this respect is obeyed, while we, who vaunt ourselves as being children of that Kingdom, shut ourselves out. Fifty years ago, when I became a total abstainer, I -was often told that "the grace of Gol alone could reclaim the tli'unkard." The " wind of the grace of Go.! still blows where it listeth," oftentimes by the way of total abstinence, So now it is sought to remove intemperance and other obstacles to good living that. pre y<^* 'L'ne seeking of the Kingdom of Qoi and the establishment of His dominion of fair play among men, by facilities for healthful labor, and this desire it is to be hopgd, will manifest itself at the. polling booths throughout the colony, by voling only for those who will legislate for homes upon the land in order that temperance, purity, and peace may be promoted by honeet labor. I am, sir, &c.; G. ,W. COTTON. 