CHARTER VII MONNAWOTLALL- KING'S SOLDIEES. Matthew" Cordon ate his breakfast on that morning almost in silence. Even Esther’s smiles could not quite lift him from his lough of self-condemnation. The fair girl asked him why ho should blanm hitnvlf; and he ansv.vre'd “For be-ing such a stupid dolt. Why didn’t I »-it Imr stand wat<h myself over that man, or find sonmbodv te> do it for mo ? T could have* railed a hundred trim men to my service in an hour. We could have* sot a wateh, and v.dmn the man went away he could have 1 been followed. It’s my opinion he would have been followed to Boston. But Esther would no* be’ down hearted. She uphedd Imr own spirits, and did what she could towards upholding those of her father. As soon as tlm meal was con dueled, anel while; Chloo was clearing away the dishes, she put on Imr hood lii'ht scarf and left tlm cottage- by the* back way, going at a rapid walk to wards the little (bdiing hamlet down by Becket’s Cove; and at the cot of Ze*bf and. Becke't she stopped, where she was very soon in close' e'onfab with the old fisher man's oldest son, a bright, keen-eyed lad of sixte en, Sim made Imr business very cb-ar and plain to Master Zebcd, dr., anel before she bad n'aclmd home on hrr re-turn the fisher-boy was on tlie back of a ibnt horse, speeding away towards Lynn. At eight o'clock Jack ami Martin, with Captain Aid on, came over, and tlm first thing to be considered was the sub ject, of “the' man from W oburn.'’ Martin (juickly saw (bat something had gone* wrong with Cordon, and upon asking him what hael happened he drew tlm young man aside ami told him (he stejry of tlm previous evening s visitor. Martin decided at once-, and without hesitation, that .Mr. Acton should know; ho tlm tiling was told to all. As might be* supposed, the old captain was startled, but still In* tried to think that no harm could befall. Surely, if the* man was a spy, he could not possibly have learned anything of his (Acton’s) injury of land ing in Boston. Tlmy wen* discussing tlm matter when a horsn came dashing up to the door, and presently the fisherman's hon entered. The n'port of Master Zeb. gave thorn light. Hr had boon as far as Lynn, and had spotted the* man from Woburn. With Esther’s description he; could not have mistaken him. The* man had oaten breakfast in Lynn, and had then set forth on the* road towards Boston, So Marblehead was a sham, and they might now belie vo that Wulmrn was the same. Suddenly, whibr Cordon was calling himself a dolt for the 1 twentieth time* at beast, Captain Acton smote his two hands together with startling vehemence. “Esther, ho Aid, with an eager ga/e* into tho girl’s face, “you particularly marked that man’s eyes :” “Yes, sir; they wen; so strangely nn -iuited to tho make-up of the nest of the face that they attracted my attention, and I observed them critically " “And you thought the man was dis guised ?” “1 might say, sir, I knew it.” “Was he younger or older than ho ap peared from his make-up ;” “Younger, sir.” “What makes you think so?" After a moment’s reflection the girl's face brightened with a happy thought. “Ah ! I'll show' you,” she said. “Here, do you, father Conroy, and my own dear papa Htand up here, where tin* light can shine into your faces; and do vou, Martin, t»ko your place between them.” The three, with much wondering, stood up as dineted, and then Esther bade Mr. Acton to come and look. “Now,” said she, “just imagine that Martin had on a white wig and a false heard to match covering his checks and chin and upper lip: and then think of painted lines to imitate wrinkles, where ever a wrinkle might he needed. Do ail that, and do you not still perceive a marker! difference m fie* eves? Ju-f look, sir. First, the eve itself —f he orb of vision how different is youth from age? And then mark the lids. Onlva powerful chemical agent, acting dire •’lv ' upon the substanee of the integument, could produce the effect of age in those youthful lids. And, again, observe the lushes and the eyebrows. Do you not see ? ’ “Yes, yes, I see plainly.” And then Matthew compared the eves of Martin with those of old .Jack, while Jack made the examination by exchang ing places with his old mate. And so they all saw; for even Martin himself, by looking upon Esther’s bright orbs, and contrasting them with those of Mr. Acton, could so* very cleat lv. “I see it,” repeated Acton, after hD friends had experimented sufficiently ; “ami now, Esther, can you fell me what was the color of that man's eyes, and was tier" anything peculiar about th'-m “Their color, sir, as they appeared by candle light, was a dark hazel, and I did observe a peculiarity. They were par tially inflanv d, as a man's might bo who had been on a debauch; and the upper lid of the left eye had a droop—a droop sufficient, I should think, to give him a .sinister look at any time, when his features were at rest, and ho was looked upon directly in front.” Mr. Aeton was breathing hard, and e\er and anon ho carried his hand to his bosom, as though to put back or subdue the throbbing of his heart. Ho next turned to Martin Conroy. “Martin, on Sunday you saw' a man in the lower hall of my dwelling' 1 ” Tho youth started as though a ghost had arisen suddenly before him. His lips were parted, his hands clenched and half-raDed, while his bosom heaved with his labored breathing. At length the truth burst upon him. “Yes, and it was that self same man !’’ “Yes,” added Acton, with a long drawn breath, “it was my son Adolf, It is all plain to mo now. lie sure ho followed you on that day when you wmnt from my house. Your presence had in terested him, and ho was determined, if possible, to know* the secret of your business with mo. He followed you from rny house, and ho know that you left Dost on by water. And so lie has followed me, determined to know whither I was going, and wdiereforo. And if ho does not know now bo sure ho will know in time.” “Dut—bless me!'’ cried old Jack, “can yer own boy ha\e the heart to betray you to tho king's minions » Goodness mercy ! I shouldn’t think ” Acton put forth his hand. “He under no fears of that kind, my good friends,” he said. “The boy would bear a great deal, and .suffer much at my hands, before be would betray me, be cause my betrayal would le* followed very (piukly by the utter and absolute’ con fiscation of my large property. Not a pound would be spared; and let, not the needy informer flutter himself that the cormorants will -Jiare with him. No, they would be more likely, by far, to put him out of their way that lie might never blab how much they should have given to the king. And Adolf knows all (bat. No, the plan of tho boy is entirely selfish. He seeks to gain a pow’er over mo by which he can open my purse to (ho supplying of his wants, or to tho supply ing of Jus spendthrift needs. Well, well, it might lie worse. Let us not borrow* trouble. At all e\ents, it need bo no eon corn of yours. Them can bo no more doubt about tho man from Woburn; and since. I am alone interested leave me to manage the business us 1 shall find occa sion. It is my opinion, based upon re liable evidence, that General (dago will be soon called home, and Sir William Howe appointed in his place as com mander-in chief. His position will be somewhat different from any yet filled in the. colonies. The ofliee of Governor of the Colony of Massachusetts Fay, I think, will ho left off, and Sir William ap pointed commander in chief of all tho king’s forces on the Atlantic hoard, from the Canada border to Florida. And if ho does take the position I shall have a friend in him, who, f am sure, will never willingly betray mo, or see mo betrayed if it bo in Ins power to prevent it. This is a secret for you alone. Never mention it to another, because wo know not how far tin* story, once told, might travel, nor how soon I might lose my friend hy com promising him.’ ; They all promised that not. a whisper should escape them, and then daek Con roy, with a hand upon the good man’s arm, and a solemn look upon his hron/s and visage, said “.Josiah Acton, I want you to t* ■! 1 mo truly—to trust me as you would a brother, Aro you hone>t and sincere, without, aim to hide your own cares to make us easy, when you tell us ’at you don’t consider yourself in danger from tin* hoy's wickedness] Excuse me for savin’ so, cap’n, hut wicked's the word.’’ “You arc* right, and I excuse you, .lack; and, Acton went on, with the stamp of honest truthfulness in his lonic, “I do as sure you, the more I think of it, the more easy I feel. The young rascal has only made the move, as I told you, to secure the weather-gauge of me in the < vent of his wanting money; because 1 had told him, not more than ten minutes before you met him in my dwelling that I would pay no more of his debts. I had, in fact, been obliged to threaten him; for on that oeca-don he drew from urn one hundred guineas.” The two old sailors were astounded. A youth like that in debt one hundred guineas 1 It was passing belief almost. Pm they could now understand Adolf’s character, and also understand liis father’s f* eling of safety. ‘“Do veu imagine he will come hero again ?" asked Cordon. “Very likely," answered Mr. Acton, “he will seek to know what is done with tli" brig. He may do it through a hired agent, or he may come hii ’self. Hut let us not borrow trouble on that scon 1 . Let him come if )m will, or let him send. I think T can find a way to hold him some where in tin; hounds of decency. If he pushes me ! if he pushes me he may re pent it ’ And now, if you love me, let t lie subject drop. It is time you were thinking of Portsmouth. I widi I eould go with you, hut. 1 cannot. You will have to remain over to- night, and perhaps uno’h'T night beyond, while my people look for me today. Put I sha 1 come down again; and, my dear Martin-—Cod hic-s you ’ —l want you to trust me cm tin-lv. I wint your brig to he arum! in the best possible manmr. I wish you could have m-t one grand, fa r -r' c hing [ gun, ami of hronxe.” The yout hks eyes sparkled, and his color ' came /uni went. “Ah, sir, lln re is su'di a gun at Ips wich -one that old Captain Hale Wait captured from a Spanish pirate down in the Culf years ago. It is the largest bron/.e gun I ever saw—ln- calls v bra - but it is very dark for purr brass It is a (wenty four-pounder, and full twd\e feet long. ’ “Will he nell it : ’ “Yes. ’ “What is his price ' ’ “A hundred poumL; and that nn hides a pintle, a carriage bed and slide, a cir cular railway and traverse truck--, be-,ides rammers, .screws, swabs and a fanciful telescopic arrangement for affixing to tin breech in taking long aim.” “Cheap enough 1 ’1 hat gun you shall have, my hoy; and. fortunately, I came away from home prepared tor sum* such emergency. ’ Thus speaking, Acton drew forth his pocket hook, and took' llmrctrom ten crisp, bright faced ten-pound notes of llm Lank of England, and after a little thought he a ided two more, making a hundred ami twenty pounds. “Lake it, my dear boy. It is freely given, not to you, but to flu* cause m wlii'li you are engag'd. I (rust you to use it, judiciously. (Jet the gun as cheaply as you can, and if there is anything hut o\it ymi will find use for it. 'i mi may have (o advance small sums to of your men. Pe generous, so far as justice will warrant. ’ Martin took tin; money, and holding it in his hand, while His eyes moistened and his lips cpiiveml, ho /-aid “Mr. A eton, you are laying me under heavy obligations. 1 can only say—and I will attempt to say no more Cod gi\e me life arid strength (In* will is mine to answer your utmost expectations.'’ “Enough, my hoy; and now to busi ness. Let us tarry no more out pre liminarieH. I shall he here again ire long, and will then attend to further matter-: that may re-juire my attention.” In an hour from that lime three men were on their w.iy to Portsmouth, and one was on his way hack to Poston. Esther Cordon sat alone in her chamber, when' she had gone to w-aCdi her father and her lover as tin y should appear upon the Pe\erly Pridge, w hudi was in sight from her window. She had llmm pass over, hut with a ton di of tlie old superst it ion—not that a tinge of it was in her composition, hut she can'd not to have it to think of, nor that, old Chloe should have opportunity to worn on her account could sire know that her “Honey” had done that dangeroiiH (hing— she did not. watch them <]uite out of sight. And then, when they had gone, she turned from the windc w and ga/.ed into vacant space, peopling it with images of her own imaginings. At length she put her thoughts into words; “O ! the good mm — and how good 1m is, Cml blew him ! hy v’ould fain think that lie alone is interested in the coming of tin; spy. Put—why—O ! >vhy should L dread him so much ? Pshaw ! 1 will not allow tin; feeling to possess mo. It foolish.” (to nr, continued, f 