The Doctors Shook Their Heads. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaekin, of No. 3, Poplar Row-. Darley Abbey, near Derby, is cot ao<ricfr 4* many, being a gardener,* but he was t??<jj r-ncugb to give all he had for one thing ha hadn't got. Jit.t is hb story, sad h? shall tfcll it in his own way. Mr. G&akia; goea-on-te eay—" Up to eight years ago I had nevsr-lost an hour's work through Keknew. la Itecwn ber, ISS2, whilst living at ISeeston. near Not tingham, icy appetite fell away, I had dread ful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would £11 with water sod sUsie, th? latter so thick and eticky that I oftrn bad to remove it with my fingers. My chust used to fill up' and my throat would eweU so X couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deaf, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. 1 had a racking cough, and wonid cough and strain till I bled at the nose and the blood rushed out of my ears. I toeoama exhausted and hhort of breath and had to call the doctor, and was.in bed five or six weeks. "I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for sis months was very littlebetter. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, than worse, and at last the doctors reconuneodad me to try a change of air. So IcametoDarlay Abbey and my former master gave me ma in door recommendation to the Derbyshire In firmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hoepital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. Th? first one said— * You are in a gaJUopinj cott suvijilion, and must die; the other doctors,, after (sounding my lungs and oaait, unii, nothiwi. Out shook their heads. "Getting a trifle better, njy old master allowed me to do what little I conld in'bid gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be rosy for a lew days. Things went on like this nntil De cember, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting npphlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and teas afraid to go to deep for fear the phUyn vytvid choke me At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow and my eyes were bfood s-bot_ My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy F.veat My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keen uothingdown. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take cold of the furniture to move a few yards. I wa«i was always tired aad weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease and'got no re*! teat. Too weak to read £ often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset ma. "The doctor kept on attending me. but ha said, '/ can do you no oood; I can onlp patch J?o« vp, Uxav.se your lunys ore diseased.' I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could bear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 9.%> * bottle. But nothing did any good, and ay friends who came to ccc me said, ' Well, you. von't cough much, lonocr ; you liove mereig to prepare for another world.' "About the middle of March, tSSi. • neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, etid to m«, ' Tow, did you cixr try Mother ScigcrtSgrup?" and told me how be had been cured after being in the hospital, lie spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Atom in Victoria-street. After the first dose Uutd an evacuation black as ink and vomited. Theft I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days 'more 1 was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to sea my master, who asked what had wrought this improvement, and I told him, as I fcefl every one, that Mother Seigel'a Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and hare never lost a day'e work since. " Of course my strength did not return all ak once, but after taking Sergei's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in ov life and have continued so ever since." In giring his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement Mr. Gaskin requests tia to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Barley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskia has lived at Barley Abbey 22 yearn and bears an excellent repntatiou. Now, what was the complaint from whiob he suffered t A Tot galloping consumption, err tainly (as one of ihc_ doctors thought), or he icovld have (mllojxd into hit grave in ids than three raonllis instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic in flammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lubg symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother SeigeTa Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the dipettfrc tract do yield to th?t magnificent preparation. We heartily con gratulate Sir. Gaskin on his recovery and commend the facts of hii case to all thinking people. 331nz15i332-46 