ROUMANIAN SUPERSTITIONS. Tlie current, number of the NonveUe Revue contains an interesting article descriptive of the peculiar beliefs and practices of the Roumanian peasantry on the subject of the supernatural. At this time of day, as the writer regret- fully remarks, it is useless to look for the superstitious any more than for any other form of the picturesque in the streets of Bucharest. The Roumanian citadin ÍB just like his fellow, cockney all the world over ; he wears the ortho- dox costume of Western Eutope ,* and, that being so, it is idle to expect to dis- cover more than the yera smallest remnants of his ancestral ideas under the abomination of civilisation-the stove pipe hat. But the Roumanian peasant, the Ojñncar, the man who lives his life between the Carpathians and the Lower Danube, is still very much what his forefathers vere before him. His imagination has not been coloured a neat uniform drab by tlie brush of modern progress, and he is still refreshingly behindhand in the race for a complete coating of that melancholy monochrome. From the cradle to the grave the Roumanian peasant is escorted by a host of popular practises, meant to shield him from the malefic influences of the evil spirits of the unseen world. Of these^here are no lack, for Slavonic superstitions are mingled in ltouinauia with survivals of classic mythology, which have' been in- herited by the descendants of Trajan's legionaries from their Romanised ancestors. Centuries of Christianity have not been able to obliterate alto- gether the marks of the Roman eagle's claw, mid thc demigods and nymphs of Groco-Roman legend linger yet under the sheltering shadow of the Car- pathians. Thus, when a child is born, the father and mother invariably turn their eyes nnxiously in the direction of the win- dow. For behind that are lurking the three invisible Spinners, the UzUoare, who are weaving the web of the infant's destiny, the lineal descendants of the Parca? of classic mythology. Before the child is christened it hos to play its part in the important ceremony of the first bath. This is administered to the child in the nlbia or copae, a wooden vessel which serves alike for bath and cradle, not to mention numerous other domestic purposes. The babe's god- mother performs the ablutions at her own house, whither the child is carried ; together with . a present of sugar and coffee. If it is a boy thegodmothet muBt pour into the bath" a symbolical mixture of corn, wine, and honey ; and in the case of a girl sórfie feathers from a a dove's wing and some petals of a rose take the place of the wine. The feathers and rose leaves form a pretty prayer of the Three Spinners that the girl's footsteps through life may be soft as down, and her face fair as the rose in blossom. If you desire to read in the book of destiny the future of your off- spring you may prove a boy's diameter much as Portia proved her lovers. Present the child with a loaf, a rod, and a book. If he takes the bread ho will be a man of common sense and practical knowledge of the world ; if the rod, he will be a ne'er-do-well ; if the book, be will grow up to be a great scholar. Love and marriage, like birth and death, have ever been fruitful themes for the exercise of popular superstition in all countries. In Roumanio, us else- where, the moon is the maiden's chief confidante in affairs of the heart. A properly constituted Roumanian damsel will on no account omit to hail the new moon with the following invocation : "New Queen! In health thou hast found me ; in health leave me. Thou hast found me unwed ; leave me witli a handsome husband at my side." Thus they invoke Diana, the moon-goddess, as their ancestors, doubtless, invoked her centuries ago. Neither will the same maiden forget, when the month of March comes round, to suspend from her neck or her wrist the mart»iclu>r, a silver coin, which, in April, will be carefully hung upon a rose bank while its owner drinks a draught of milk. In this way site will infallibly obtain a complexion of the most exquisite pink and white. Hav- ing thus secured a share of beauty the next thing is to turn it to account in the market of matrimony. If our maiden lacks the courage or the oppor- tunity to follow the classic tradition, go to the forest by moonlight, and there, stripped of her clothing, to look for the face of herfulnr in the waters of Ohe spring, she may yet obtain n sight of him in her dreams if she will place a sprig of basil beneath her pillow on the night of the Epiphany. It is also an excellent thing for a girl who is in haste to wed to wear basil in her hair or her corsage, that herb having traditionally the attraction of a mayfly fora trout, for every well-regulated Roumanian youth. Should she desire to know whether she will wed within the year, let her go by night to the garden edge, chose in the dark two neighbouring branches, and bind them together with a rib- bon. Returning in the morning, she willj examine them, and if she finds that Blie has bound the branches of two separate bushes her desire will be accomplished ; but if, unfortunately, they both spring from the same root then no wise woman in all Roumania can tell her how lone she will have to wait unwed. When she is definitely engaged she presents her fiance with her sash as a formal acknowledgment of the betrothal; and should she be so lucky as to bear a dove coo, or a cuckoo sing (upon her right side- not her left), then all is bound to go well with the pair. But if the betrothed pair would live long to enjoy each other's society, let them take care on the day they are married not to crass another wedding party coming out of church; for if they do either bride or bridegroom will die before the year is out. These precautions being token, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts, and other uncanny other- world creatures are plentiful in Rou mania, and as various as plentiful. There are the Slrigo}, evil spirits who will make their way into the house on St. Andrew's night unless you rub your doors and windows with garlic, the smell of which these spirits cannot abide. There are the Moroi, or spirits of unbaptised children, who cry for their mothers' breasts, and will not be ap- peased until their little graves have been sprinkled with holy water for seven years. Most fearsome of all is the Vampire, who leaves the tomb by night, and wanders till cockcrow work- ing evil to men. But the spirit of the departed will rest unvexed provided that his coffin contain a comb, a piece of soap, and, above all, the classic obol, the wage of the Infernal Ferryman. For the Roumanian .peasant still pays the burial fee to Charon. 