P?ssy in the Corner. Cats are subject to most of the diseases which afflict the human race, and will he.. quaently "catch" a fever fitm its sick mia? treess or little playmate. When a cat seeks a dark corner, neglects her toilet, and has a hot nose, she is sick and, a trifling remedy now will prevent some more eErious disorder. A city cat eheuld have raw meat once a day, in the morning. At night give her a hearty meal of warm bread and milk, or gravy in the place of milk. Always re member a cat will cat most anything, if it be warm and well mcit:eaed. lays milk or water where she can get it, and in a clean dish, for Miire. Pass is dainty, and will EscOm to drink dust?rCOYer E milk or water as quickly as you would. A country eat, who has plenty of out-dGors, should-have meat twice a day, a piece as bis avs an eg e:.ch time, and oat into moutbfuls. Kidney or liver i ihe~ir fIvorsie, but toe mach of the iater or r! o; e:ers may cacue diarrtcms. They most have grass ?ed plenty of it; it is as necessary to them as Eal; is to us. It would pay in the city to raise grass and cat nip in a bhr for these pets. Should a cat he attaced with fits or con vol-icns, threw over her a shew? or rug to prevent damage to herself or furniture; a whiff of chloroform, ether, ammonia, or, lakh ing these, an orion fre?hly cot, wi!l often give relief. Scould she continue to cry pito Onuly, with eyes wide open and glaring, pro tee' the hor:ds withi! lolve, graep her firmly in the Ehawl and with a sharp pair of sisseors stip the erd of the ears; a few drops of blood will be EafUiient; let her tay in a coo!, dark place, and for eeveral daysfted sparingly with warm bread and milk. One of the moot valuable remedies for eats and small dogs is cweet oil. One-hat! table spoonful in their milk is seldom refused. In cases were poisEnieg is a?-p?ctad it is ithe bEst and certainly tca er?sies: r medy. F.-r infl:med eyes apply a wash of warm nmiltk cr weak borax and water. A cat will catch cold, smee?, and h?ve all the eymptoms of inceenza; grease the upper part of her note and administer one-half teaspoon of caetcria or balsam ; if she has a s-re throat wrap it with a filnnel wet with Arabian Balsam and keep her away from the children. Clts with littens should not he rou-hly handled or frightened, cr she will miscarry or suffer during confinement. Do not kill all her babies; leave her at ieast one until such time as it can cat other food than its mother'e milk. Should her kittens die End the mother rafier from swelled breaste, rub them with camphorated oil or even warm lard, and give econite and belladenna slier nately. Some people cnd doctors are ashamed to prescribe for eats, but there can be no loss ot dignity in such a humane not. Passy will be a silent ghost gliding through the honue, Or she will be an intelligent, af fectionsate friend (not a slave like a dog), ac cording as she is neglected cr loved and cared for. I cannot close without a protest eaainst the ernuely of leaving a cat to "get its own living" while the house is closed during the summer months. Give her ehelter, and pay the batcher and milkman to feed her, if there is no friend or home where she can be carried. 