MELBOURNE, FRIDAY,, 8th MAY,\ 5651—1891. FOR the last fortnight or so the public mind has been considerably agitated by the report, telegraphed from England, that Baron Hirsch, in conjunction with other prominent philanthropists, has resolved to send no less than 500,000 Russian Jews partly to South America and partly to Australia. As news is decidedly scarce just now, Parlia ment not being in session, the report, though emanating •from only one English paper, has been eagerly seized and discussed-by air classes and by different bodies in - these colonies. The Press has commented upon it, the Trades Hall Council has resolved forthwith to wait upon the Premier of Victoria, and present a strong protest against so dreadful an invasion of this country by foreign paupers; while even the youngest and most frolicsome of our social institutions, with the magnanimous motto," Australia for the Australians!" has raised its voice in condemnation of.the scheme. In fact, we have had a repetition of all that was said and done when a ghost, in the shape of a Chinese invasion, haunted our politicians, and when General Booth's scheme was considered on the eve of being practically carried out. A few moments of calm consideration would, have probably rendered all this outburst of righteous indignation quite unnecessary, as it would have thrown considerable doubt upon the likelihood of such a step having beeii offhand decided upon. If thousands of Russian Jews have to leave their native country, which is quite likely, there are places closer at hand than Australia to send them to—countries with which people in Europe are better acquainted than they are with this continent. At any rate, neither Baron Hirsch nor any other practical man in the old country is likely to support so costly a scheme without being first satisfied that there is room for these people in Australia, or without having some reasonable assurance that he is really conferring a boon upon them. That was the Baron's policy in previous instances of this kind, and it would be strange were he to depart from it in the present. Should, however, contrary to our surmise, the report prove true, Australian Jews will know how to act. However much they may sympathise with their unfortunate Russian co-religionists, they owe a duty to their country. They will one and all agree with the generally expressed opinion that while these colonies offer a fair field for practical agricul turists with some means at their disposal, there is absolutely no room for small dealers, hawkers and men of no particular trade at all, not to speak of poor people, of whom, notwith standing our boasted prosperity, we have our fair share. It is not,, and cannot be, the desire of any Jew to injure existing interests by foreign immigration, nor to disturb the good feeling that happily exists between us Jews and other denominations by forcing on an unfair and unnecessary competition. Nor would it be possible for the various Jewish charities to cope with the requirements of a large influx of poor people, as our population is limited in number, and our means hardly sufficient to provide for local wants. In the meantime it is a matter for sincere congratulation that the Australian branches of the Anglo-Jewish Association have lately shown fresh life and vigour. The work of the Association, whether in its educational branch, or in its protection of Jewish interests in foreign countries, needs every possible support, and more so now than at any other previous period. We cannot remain indifferent when we hear of the persecution of millions of Jews. We must do something to assist in mitigating the serious results which, we venture to say, will be felt years hence. And should at any[future time Australia be chosen as the destination of large numbers of Jewish refugees, sent out under a proper organisation and provided with the necessary means, the local branches of the Anglo-Jewish Association will be expected to take the poor people in hand. They may possibly call in the assistance of other representative men or bodies, but they will have to take the lead. They will have a fresh opportunity to justify their r-aison d'etre. It is well for them to reserve and concentrate their forces in time. The following correspondence will explain itself :— " The Jewish Herald Office, Alfred Place,. " Melbourne, 5th May, 1891. "Rev. A. Marshall, Melbourne,— "Rev. Sib,—A weekly newspaper, Bohemia, in its -issue of-30th April, states that, in the course of a sermon preached by you at Scots' Church on the previous Sunday, you said— "' That, although Jews had held the highest positions in statecraft, science and commerce, and, in their freedom from certain vices, had set an example to some Christian nations, still they were " greedy, gutter-grubbing bloodsuckers, with their pawnbroking, gambling and bookmaking."' " The following words are also attributed to you—' The meanest and most despicable Jew in the world is the meanest and most despicable creature that Haunts God's earth, Bimply because he might have been the beat and the noblest.' u Will you be so kind as to inform me at your earliest convenience whether this report is correct, more especially with regard to the words which I have underlined. " I have the honour to remain, rev. sir, " Yours most obediently, "E. Blaubaum." " Scots' Church, Melbourne, " 5th May, 1891. "Sib,—In answer to your query as to whether recent references of mine to the Jewish people are correctly reported in Bohemia, I beg to say that as I have not seen the report in the publication you mention, I am quite unable to judge of its accuracy. "I have made it a'rule never to offer corrections to the public press of any inaccuracies which may occur in newspaper reports of whatlsayin Scots' Church pulpit. I have definite responsibilities in regard to my teaching to the congregation of which I am minister, and to the constitutional judica tories of the church of which I am a member, and I am not disposed to augment or ignore these definite responsibilities by assuming an indefinite responsibility for what the Press or the public may say or think. " I feel that I am tampering somewhat with this rule in answering the question which you put. 1 desire to state this' much, however—if it will suffice for your purpose—that the' extracts which you quote are quite misleading. In what I said I was at some pains to distinguish between my own personal-opinion and a popular estimate which attributes certain proverbial qualities, ' rightly or wrongly,' to the Jews. I did not assert as a matter of fact that' the meanest and most despicable,'&c.; but (on the principle that Satan is represented as a fallen Angel of Light) that' I could well believe it' to be true, theoretically, that a Jew could be worse eternally operative LawB of God, which wrought for the one exactly what they wrought for the other. " I have the honour to be, sir, " Your obedient servant, " Alex. Marshall." ' On reading the rev. gentleman's reply the Jewish public will have no difficulty in coming to the conclusion that, to a large extent, it is an evasion of the question put to him, and an evasion quite unworthy of a minister of religion. The passages as to the accuracy of which information was wanted were quoted to him, but his reply is that he has not seen the report, and is, therefore, unable to judge of its accuracy. However, he does not deny the first allegation, that he said the Jews were "greedy, gutter grubbing bloodsuckers, with their pawnbroking, gambling and bookmakingonly he gave that as a popular estimate, and was at some pains to distinguish it from his own personal opinion. In this effort Mr. Marshall evidently failed, for the writer in Bohemia obviously understood the words to embody the preacher's own views, and, for all we know, many others may have done the same. It is unnecessary for us to enter upon an elaborate defence of our people ; others who are not of our faith have done that as successfully as we could wish for; but we put it to the rev. gentleman whether it be wise, just, or generous, at a time when thousands of Jews suffer the most cruel persecution, and when the best and noblest in the land have publicly expressed their sympathy with them, to quote the views of the rabble, and thus-run the risk of adding insult to injury. We quite believe that Mr. Marshall has definite responsibilities in regard to his teaching; but surely to foster prejudice against a severely-tried and suffering class of men cannot be one of them. It is not and cannot be in accord with the teachings of the Founder of Christianity, who inculcated peace and goodwill on earth. Mr. Marshall has acted in defiance of that golden precept, and no man of an unbiassed mind can acquit him of that charge. With regard to the second allegation, Mr. Marshall shelters himself behind dogmatic generalities, where the Jewish mind cannot follow bim. But this much we may say, and we feel sure every fair-minded man who has watched the teaching of the Christian churches in these colonies for the last few years will agree with us, that remarks such as were made by the Bev. A. Marshall, on the occasion in question, never emanated from the pulpit of Scots' Church while it was occupied by the Rev. Dr. Strong. At the forthcoming election of honorary medical officers to the Melbourne Hospital, Dr. A. Joske is a candidate for one of the positions of physician to the indoor patients. Dr. Joske has a strong claim on the support of his co- religionists. Like Dr. !Felix Meyer, he has been, and is still, at all times ready to attend gratuitously to the Jewish poor. As medical officer to the Jewish Almshouses, he gives every attention to the sick inmates, and no matter how often he may be called in, or how hopeless the case of one or the other of the old people may be, he always responds to the call, and administers to the poor sufferer, at least, the comfort which the presence of a medical man generally inspires. Indeed, Dr. Joske's good qualities as a medical man have been so marked that, during his tenure of office as house surgeon to the Alfred Hospital, he was presented by the Government with a testimonial in recognition of his unre mitting care and attention to fever patients. We sincerely trust that he will be successful in his candidature for the beforemen tioned position, and as the support of co-religionists in similar cases is pretty general amongst other denominations, it is to be hoped that the Jews will not form an exception'in the matter of cohesion to their own people. j , t: --M , 