The Great Australian Ape. A STORY OF TWO SKULLS. [WRITTEN TOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER V. "SHAKES." BY L. L. For some distance we jogged along the track to Avoca sadly and glumly enough. We missed bitterly the cheery voice and presence to which we had been so long accustomed in our wanderings; and, when we thought on the manner of his death, our hearts grew hot within us in the desire for vengeance on his oowardlj murderer. At last, the doctor said, breaking a long silence, " I feel as if I had lost a limb, and don't believe I shall be myself again until I see that ruffian in a fair way of getting hunted down. No police nearer than Port Macquarie," he continued—"a rough ride of nearly 200 miles— with the exception of a solitary trooper at the Pinnacle; and that's a good eighty. What a country for outlaws of every description! I suppose, though, that the authorities will have to be informed of this business somehow or other. I'll tell you what I think we had better do, sailor; I'll get a blackfellow, if I can, at Avoca to ride to the port for assistance and for a guide who knows the country, as there's no trusting any of the people about here; and, in the meantime, we'll spell a few days at the station." " Won't that be giving the Biter too much of a start?" I objected. "We are so uncertain as to his whereabouts. He may not even have gone into the Big Brush at all; nay, for all we know, be yet planted in some of these wild gullies among the ranges. Let us," I con tinued, " push on to Wild Cattle Greek at once —we can find that anyhow—and there we might possibly drop across a station or a cedar getter's camp and obtain information. You Bee, he must get tucker somewhere." 11 Those animals," replied the doctor, " will live on anything; and judging from my de partmental map, which ia the latest, there ia preoious little settlement of any description whatever in that district—whole tracts are simply and laconically described as 'thick forest country,' • scrub,* • very rough,' • barren and useless, Ac.' However," he concluded, his thoughts evidently reverting to their central object, " we'll see what the morrow will bring us. Poor dear old chap! I hope we piled enough rocks over him to keep the dingoes and wild pigs from rooting at his grave." "What made Shakes clear out in that fashion ?" I asked presently. "Well," replied the doctor, smiling, in spite of his sad thoughts at the recollection, " you see that in his cups, and the delight of prac tising his mother tongue once more, he let drop many a scrap and fragment of contemporary biography, both personal and otherwise, so that, putting together in idle moments, I found my self in possession not only of a good few of his own secrets but of those of his fellow scoundrels. Tou heard how I trounced the Mouse? Evidently they suspected that the Frenchman hod been telling tales out of sohool, and were determined to give him a lesson if they oould have carried him down to the camp again. When I come to think of it," he added, " it is a wonder that we got away ourselves with whole skins; but Vaudace, Vaudace, et toujourt Vaudace! which means in this oase, shortly, defiance to the last, is the best recipe to use with such gentry as those we have left behind us." "And yon carried it out to the letter!" I ex claimed. " I have no doubt that the Biter had informed all hand3 that we considered you a bit of a lunatic. In fact once, just to beep the peace, I gave him to understand as much, and they were accordingly all the more taken aback to find you not only very much in your right mind but armed also, and master Of their secrets into the bargain—but, as I live," I ejaculated, "here's Shakes again!" Mounted on his shaggy pony the little Frenchman, who hod ridden up the bed of a mountain torrent which crossed the track, out in ahead of the paokhorses, and now stood awaiting our approaoh. Whilst yet yards away he saluted the doctor with a storm of rapid, words, accentuated by the most grotesque gestures, alternately beseeching, reproaohful, and despondent, throwing suoh a power of ex pression into his shrivelled-up features as I could never have believed them to possess. " The little scamp," explained the doctor at length, turning to me, " wants to accompany us in search of the Biter. He says he knows the [way to the Big Brush well, and may even be able to lead us to the Little Falls, near which, he says, the villain's harbour of refuge ia supposed to lie. He confesses that he has never seen this place, and that his only knowledge of it is from what he has heard the Biter drop in conversation with his mates as to its absolute safety from pursuit in oase the police should be after him. This, at least, is honest on bis part. What do you say ? Shall we take him ? I think myself he means fairly." "With all my heart," I replied; "he is the very man we wanted, and has turned up just in the nick of time." Very pleased, indeed, did Shakes appear when our decision was imparted to him. Jumping on his saddle, he stood upright and went through such a variety of antics as made me feel pretty certain that in his day he had been either a professional acrobat or a circus rider, and a very clever one. Presently, calming down, he informed us that, if his mates at the Nullah Nullah had succeeded in catching him, they would have surely killed him tarn ctrimonie; and all through his friend ship for Monsieur. The rogue furthermore added, with a deep sigh and most lachrymose look, that now indeed was he wholly ruined, as all his property left behind would long ere this have been divided amongst cet voleurs, ces tcilirats Bk- bai I The doctor was quick to perceive how the wind blew, and, luckily, having yet some money left, he at once gave Shakes five pounds, promising him more if he served us well and faithfully in the matter we had in hand. " I feel as if we owed him something, as his expulsion from that happy valley came through us," remarked the doctor half apologetically, whilst the other was calling upon all the saints and devils in his memory as witnesses for his future fidelity. It appeared, so Shakes went on to tell us, that when the gang left the tent to discuss the doctor's proposition the Mouse had at once taxed the Frenohman with having imparted! the drover episode to the doctor; and, although Shakes strongly denied the impeach ment, it was determined to " put him on his trial," an ordeal which the little man did not fancy, and he escaped, as we have seen. Only one person, a gin, Mandy's sister, had seen the Biter and his partner after the com mittal of the murder. This gin and Mandy were much alike, and it was the former whom we had seen, and who, making no sign, had also observed us at the mouth of the cave on the day of its discovery. She telling her sister, the latter, of course, told the Biter; hence the exploring expedition which ended sa fatally for the old digger. From Mandy's sister, wroth at being defrauded of a share in the supposed spoil, had come the information as to the probable destination of the pair. Late that night we arrived at Avooa, and pitched our tents. The owner was an absentee ; and the only people about the place were a couple of stockmen and a blackboy. Just after supper the renewed barking of a score of dogs gave notice of fresh arrivals. They proved to consist of a party of police, led by a senior sergeant—a surly bumptious sort of a cus tomer, this latter, I thought, as I beard him roaring out his orders to the little force of four troopers and two traokers. They camped at the homestead; and, after a while, the doctor, and myself walked up to interview their chief and request his assistance in bring the Biter to justice. Tho sergeant's manner was brnsquo to the verge of downright rudeness, and he eyed us. with manifest dislike and suspicion as we told• of tho old digger's death and the ciroumstanoef which led to it* "I'm on important service," he at length said pompously, " and I can't spare any men. Besides," he added as he drew out a pair of spectacles, placed them across a great beak-like nose, and gazed scrutinisingly at us, " how do I know that all this cock-and-bull sort of a yarn of yours is true ? You don't look, cither of you, any too respectable, and the ohances are that, if you really did lose the money you speak of, you didn't come by it honestly. I've heard Borne curious stories of that camp down there on the Nullah Nullah lately, and mean to have a look round when I can spare the time." " Do you doubt my word, sir ?" exclaimed the doctor, who had been gradually growing angrier and moro indignant as the other proceeded, whilst, as was often his wont when preparing for action, he pulled forth and carefully ad justed his eyeglass, through which, having settlod it to his satisfaction, he took a long steady stare at the face of the Government man, which quickly changed its aggressive expression for one of bewilderment, turning at the same time to a deep purple colour, whilst the fringe of white bushy whiskers that sur rounded it seemed absolutely to expand and bristle at what their owner doubtless considered a piece of deliberate ridicule on the part of the roughly clad weather-worn bushman who stood before him. I thought the old fellow would have choked with pure rage, but recovering himself by an effort, he yelled: "How dare you, sir, insult me in that manner! Here, you fellows"—to the troopers who were already at the door—" take this joker outside and make him fast to a sapling for the night, together with his mate. They'll both be cool enough before morning, I'll warrant 1" " Wait a minute, sergeant," exclaimed the astonished doctor, who could not imagine that his own accustomed action had created all the trouble, booking away from the troopers, whilst he opened a pocket-book and extracted therefrom a folded paper which he handed to the sergeant, who took it suspiciously and gingerly, as if half afraid it might contain some other cunningly devised injury to the dignity of the law. As he unfolded the document I could just oast a glimpse of the royal arms at its head; and then . I saw the officer's face gradually lengthen and grow-very serious as he presently said, with suoh a marked difference in his tone that the men around stared open eyed and mouthed: "And are you really the person mentioned in this minute, sir ?" "If you will come down to my camp for a lew minutes I can easily convince you," re plied the doctor quietly. "This paper," said the sergeant as he ordered his men to clear out of the room, " is a minute Bigned by the Inspector-General 'of Police, calling upon all grades of the service throughout the colony to not only render every assistance and infor mation in their power to Dr. but if he 1 requires it, and they are not on special duty, to accompany him to any particular part of their distriot that he may wish to visit. Now, sir," be continued, "I am on very important and special duty, and it seems to me that I might well refuse to weaken my force. However, I will strain a point, and let yon have one of the black trackers, whom you will probably find of more use to you than a trooper would be. I don't believe for a minute that you'll find the fellow;" he added, " but, with luck, I shall be back here again in about a weok, and if I hear nothing of you I'll follow on. The tracker ghall oome to you in the morning. Now, allow me," he concluded, "to apologise for my mistake. But you see, sir, this district swarms with some of the greatest rogues and the most daring in the colony. That confounded eyeglass, too," " Don't mention it," replied the doctor cheer fully—he did not realise how much that ocular . convenience was to blame for our rough reoep tion—"don't mention it, sergeant. As Car lvle somewhere says, 'Is it not to olothes that most men do reverence: to the fine frogged broadcloth, nowise to the straddling animal with bandy legs whioh it holds, and makes a dignitary of ?' Also he says, most truthfully, that 'there is safety in a swallow-tail.' Ton are perfectly correct, my friend; there is no consonance between a pair of dirty moleskins and a gold-rimmed eyeglass. No wonder they were nearly procuring me a night's lodging in oompany with a sapling. Serves me right; I must get a pair of speotacles and a swallow-tail. Good-bye to you, sergeant." Thus the doctor, with a simplicity of manner whioh mit/ht possibly have been assumed, although the sergeant's coat was heavily braided across the breast, and one could have easily rolled a cask between his legs without touching them. On our return to camp we found, to our surprise, that Shakes was missing; also, as a brief inspection of the horses showed, his pony. Presently we discovered that he had likewise helped himself to a pair of double blankets and a rug. I could see that the doctor was much annoyed, but he merely said, " Well, we can cry quits now. I only hope that he has not been telling us a string of lies respecting the Biter's haunt." " I hope not, indeed," I replied, " but I never did put much faith in Shakes. Anyway, we've got directions for the Big Brush, now; and, with the help of the tracker, who may know the country, it's hard lines if we don't drop . across Yallery before the week's out." In the morning, at sunrise, Quandong, the tracker, made bis appearance. He spoke rather better English than Shakes, and told us that the rest of his party had been gone some time. When aßked if be was familiar with the oountry hereabout, he answered to our great dis appointment that he had only been in the district three weeks. However, we had infinite confidence in ourselves, and, leaving all our impedimenta at the station, meie'y taking a paokhorse, with rations, Ac, we got a late start, and set off in good hopes that our quest, vague though it seemed, would not turn out an altogether fruitless one. After travelling a few miles, happening to look back, I espied a horseman coming up at a smart canter. There could be no mistaking either the rider or the steed. It was Shakes. He had a hundred apologies and exouses to make. He had felt so unwell that, desirous of not dißturbins us when we returned from the station, he had resolved to camp by himself. Of course, being only slightly acquainted with the language, I was totally unable to follow his voluble torrent of words; and, as the doctor was laughingly interpreting, Shakes caught sight of Quandong, who had been off the rood in pursuit of oar paokhorse. The tracker was habited in an old police uniform; and unable as yet to distinguish the dark features through the thick scrub, the Frenchman stopped _ short in the middle cf a sentence as if shot, his jaw dropped, even the ends of his moustache seemed to droop despondently, and he might well have sat as a subjeot for a painting of " Consternation." The nozt minute Qnandong rode up, driving the recalcitrant paokhorse; and Shakes, after a long stare, ending in a look of reassurance, assumed a non chalant devil-may-care Bort of air, and began to hum "Partant pour la Syrie," quietly ignoring the doctor's chaff and oondolements on his recont illness. To tell the truth, we were both glad to see the fellow back again; amongst other reasons, his return gave us a better opinion of human nature in general, and that of Frenchmen in particular —this latter, as regarded myself, whom Providence had endowed with a more than insular prejudice against that nation. The tracker, however, with a subtle instinot, sometimes, but rarely, possessed by his white brethren of the force, appeared to feel intui tively that the little Frenchman was not altogether what he should be; whilst, on the latter's part, the very presence alone of the insignia of the law, battered, faded, dirty, and shining with grease though they might be, in suoh close iroximity to himself seemed to make him uneasy. When told that Shakes would henceforth form one of the party, Quandong received the news with a grunt that, although expressive, was certainly not so of pleasure. He acquired a habit, too, of staring at the Frenchman's feet in a sort of persistent calcu lating way that, though it may have been merely the effect of habit and training, made Shakes draw them uneasily up in his stirrups as if he were badly troubled with corns. By degrees, however, finding that not only did we regard the little man as our guide but that he appeared to know the country well, he relaxed wonderfully in his manner, and at times the pair would hold converse in a manner hideous indeed to listen to. CIUTTBB VI, WB FIND THK BITER. Our way had led as through a mountainous region, and one afternoon, the third since leaving Avoca, Shakes, from the summit of a very high hill, pointed to a portion of the country below us and showed us the position of the Big Brash. As far as we could see stretohed at our feet a mass of undulating forest, broke hero and there by tall barebacked ridges. Away on the furthest horizon my eye caught the sheen of some object that seemed, from where we stood, like nothing so muoh as a strip of bright blue ribbon pinned by some mighty hand as a finish to the edge of that wild waste of rook and timber. "What's that," I cried, pointing it out to Shakes, a tingle of excitement pulsing athwart me as with one who unexpectedly catches Bight after long absence of an old and dear friend. " Celt la mer" replied he, " vat you calls de zee, an' if we 'ad von glass you sail zee de ship sail on 'im." Close beneath us, as it appeared, rose sky ward through the still air a long column of thiok dark smoke, whioh the Frenohman thought most indicate the whereabouts of some cedar prospector's camp; informing us also that though the forest was known by the names indifferently of Cedar Brush, Cedar Scrub, Ac, it was almost on the lucus a non hicendo principle—as the doctor put it—seeing that saoh timber was very rarely met with in its depths. To search for our fugitives over the vast extent of country that met our gaze seemed.to us hopeless• indeed; but on inti mating as muoh to Shakes,' that worthy, indi cating a mass of foliage that lay on the land scape like a great irregular patch of densest darkest green, reaching far away towards the bright blue strip, gave us to understand that our guest would be confined within that space, and big enough, in all conscience, the same seemed. Steering a course towards the smoke, we had travelled steadily downwards for about three hours, when Shakes, as usual a good distance ahead on bis wiry little nag, gave a long shrill yell of discovery, and, cantering up, we found him dismounted and dancing like a madman before a smouldering mass of blackly smoking stuff, from which went up the signal we had seen from the top of the big hill. From the charred and blackened heap stuck out on one side the partly consumed shafts of a large cart, and there exuded a stifling smell of whioh the ohief recognisable parts appeared to consist of tobacco, leather, and bones. All around the place lay scattered bales of clothing, saddlery, boxes of women's fallals, knives, looking-glasses, and all the ollapodrida of a hawker's Btock generally, as carried in those days. Many of the paokagea had been broken open, and their contents—as could easily be seen by tho fringe of remnants around its base —thrown upon the pile. A large bale of blankets and one of dress prints had been moved some distance away and cut open and tumbled over as by persons making a choice in a hurry. Near there lay an empty rum bottle and the romains of a recent meal. Presently Quandong, who had been sniffing and probing about the heap, from whioh the sraoll was so overpowering that the others kept a respectable distance, gave a sort of howl as he raked out a human foot and ankle, burned bo nearly to charcoal that, in an endeavour to lift it on to a pieoe of bark, it crumbled to dust. As alert and excited now as up to this adventure he had appeared sceptical and apathetic, the tracker stole around in ciroles like a hound casting for a lost scent, and in a while he dropped across a spot where a couple of horses had been tied up to a tree, evidently for some time, as the ground was well stamped by their restless hoofs—from their small size without a doubt those of mountain ponies. Between this and the fire he in a few minutes pioked up out of the lon* rank grass, a hat—a battered, rent, and crumpled old cabbage-tree hat—that three of ua simultaneously recognised as having been-onoe worn by the Biter. By hook or by crook, that heap had now to be soattered; and, cutting long whipstiok-like saplings, we absolutely set ourselves to the noisome task, and in a short time had scraped away enough to confirm us in the supposition that a human body had there been disposed of by fire, albeit the portions we brought to light were so charred and calcined as to render any attempt at identification hopeless; and the more so as, in the doctor's opinion, the body had been dismembered before the fire was lit upon it. The only conclusion we were able to arrive at was that the hapless dealer had fallen a victim to the half-caste's terrible knife and had been cremated in a funeral pyre of his own goods. One thing that puzzled was what business any dealer could have in these unfrequented wilds, attainable only by tracks almost impass able for any vehicle. For the last two. days we had ourselves been under the solo guidance of Shakes, travelling through the bush, and during that time had soen no track of wheel or hoof before this. The doctor's theory, and probably the correct one, was that the half caste and his gin, having met and murdered the unfortunate man on some more frequented track, had brought the body on by paths known to themsolves in order to destroy it and plunder the cart at their leisure as near to their retreat as they could conveniently approach. The pair had evidently gone in for a complete rig out from the booty, for presently Shakes picked up a half- burnt old plaid shawl which we had often seen the gin wearing, also a pair of moleskin trousers, torn and dirty, that could only have belonged to the Biter. Meanwhile Quandong, quivering with impatience to be off, was already running the horse tracks. Tha, same night we camped right at the edge of tht ISij Scrub on the banks of Wild Cattle Greek, which here ran brawling down from the high ground, splashing and whitening into miniature waterfalls as it dashed from one rooky ledge to the other, until, when within about 300 yards from the forest, as if awed and stilled by the sombre shade and gloom of the great trees which confronted it, forming itself into pools dark and deep, it stole silently along and glided out of sight into the dense underbrush. Here, quietly feeding, we found not only the two ponies but also another horse, most likely from his size and collar marks the one belong ing to the dealer. for us to force a horse through that un broken waU-like mass of vines, wattles, whip sticks, and young timber of every description, growing with a rank tropical growth out of the moist soil, was a manifest impossibility; and, rather reluctantly, we hobbled our nags and prepared to take to the sorub on foot at the first streaks of dawn, for the«trail lay wide open to the trained gaze of Quandong. Long before sunris9 we were wading ankle deep in the forest debris of ages, now crushing through monstrous boles, lying prone and rotted into touchwood, from whioh sprang, white, yellow, and red, immense fungi; now caught in the winding meshes of a pendent liana; here tripped up by a creeping vine, or driven half crazy by contaot with a nettle-tree, whilst all around us in the gloomy light, close as they could stand, immense eucalypti rose straight as cathedral columns, towering aloft for hundreds of feet without a single limb or band. Now and agaS-combre dumps of huge pines ca3t a shadow deep as darkness itself, out of whioh we would emerge into a little glade, perhaps but a few acres in extent, but bright with the surpassingly vivid greenness of magni ficent tree ferns. It was tough werk this foroing a way through the primeval forest, but so long as traces of the fugitives lay plain before us no one spoke of fatigue. But when presently the rain came down, sullen and heavy, and wipod out every track; when Quandong was quite at fault, gazing blankly aloft and as blankly below in vain search for broken branch, or footstep on the soft seeking mould—then, indeed, we began to think that ours might turn out as veritable a wild-goose chase as any reoorded in history. Shakes, to whom wo appealed in our trouble, knew as much about his way to the Little Falls as a babe unborn—in faot was himself thoroughly well bushed. The last " sign" we had come aoross was on part of the trunk of a great messmate which had been struok down and shattered by light ning, leaving erect only a jagged stump lifting up two blanched, wide-open, protesting fangs, where* onoe had reared itself a stately tree. Here the pair had sat and rested themselves, and here Mandy, presumably, had left hanging on a sharp splinter a pieoe of new cotton print dress-stuff of a pattern identioal with some we had seen at that gruesome heap baok yonder. At length the dootor, growing impatient, set a course by his compass as nearly as he oould guess to follow the one which the tracks were pointing to when we lost them, and on we trudged wearily enough through the dank and dripping forest, in which none but inseot life seemed to abide, and where the deep gloom and silence was such that we instinctively spoke in whispers. After a while the ground gradually got rougher and more ridgy. In place of rotten loaves and sticks, our feet crunched gravel; . and when, at sundown, we camped for the night, it was on a comparatively high and bare ridge overlooking the low country through whioh we had worked our toilsome way. Above us rose yet taller hills covered with under brush, not so dense and rank as on the great alluvial flat, but almost equally impenetrable by reason of there being no foothold on the loose stones amongst whioh it grew. Quandong, totally unused to walking, was nearly knocked up ; indeed, we all felt pretty well baked after our tramp, and disheartened, into the bargain, by the conviction, fast gaining upon us, that our exertions were to be in vain. Next morning, after a good night's rest, it was determined that we should skirt the lower forest, keeping, as much as'possible, the trend of the first high ground we had gained the night before. Out swags, light as they were, chafed and galled us terribly; and I dare say we looked a forlorn band enough as we straggled limping along in Indian file. Not a solitary traok oould Qaandong pick up, although, after the recent rain, the ground waa well fitted to reoeive any fresh impression. At noon oar ridge came to an abrupt stop. Sheer down for a thousand feet into a great chasm it went —so suddenly, indeed, that one false step meant annihilation. The canon was a replica on a smaller scale of the big one at the Nullah Nullah, with the difference that its sides were completely barren and covered with huge boulders, looking as if a touch would dislodge them. At the bottom, also, where we caught the sparkle of water, great rocks lay thickly piled up in every con* ceivable form. The opposite side of the rift sloped as steeply as the roof of a house; and nowhere, so far as we could discover, was then foothold for man or beast. Shakos thought, from the descriptions, that this must be the Little Falls; and, after an hour's rest, it was decided that we should cruise around them for the remainder of the day, Shakes and myself going in one direction, Qnandong and the doctor in another. The timber on our side of the gully was the tallest and heaviest I had yet seen during the trip, and at every few yards I paused involuntarily to look up and along the big smooth trunk of some of the giant trees. We had gone, per haps, half a mile, when I came upon some fresh footprints, of which I could make neither head nor tail. Turning to call the French man's attention to them, I saw him standing as if petrified, and staring with all his eyes at a monstrous messmate, towards which he pointed with outstretched moti tnless arm. Hurrying up I saw at the side of the tree opposite to Shakes a door composod of rough slabs, hung with greenhide strips top and bottom, and swinging wide open. Inside all looked hollow darkness. In a second it flashed across my mind that he Lai stumbled upon the Biter's lair. Shakes, too, was of the same opinion, or his pale face and chattering teeth sadly belied him. I did not feel over comfortable myself, as the thought would obtrude itself that the half-caste might presently spring out, knife in hand, might, even now, be watching his opportunity to make a sure stroke. However, the sight of a bigger coward than oneself tends to em bolden ; and remembering that I still retained possession of the doctor's revolver, I pulled it out of my pocket, and pointing it at my com panion, who waa just gathering himself up'j: a run, threatened to put a bullet into him if'as did not accompany me. Asßuming a comical look of resignation he ranged alongside, and the pair of us advanced with very cautiou3 steps towards the opening. Somewhat reassured by the deathly stillness of everything I took the lead, and was gazing intently into the doorway, striving to pierce the gloom, when I heard soft pattering footsteps behind me, and, turning, beheld Shakes running away, and dodging about amongst the trees like one of Cooper's Indian fighters. Without taking into consideration anything but the wish to give him a good fright for his cowardice in deserting me at so critical a moment, I fired, aiming just above his head. He dived into a patch of priokly bushes ; whilst realising my stupidity, I faced round again in a second. Still no movement; and, growing bolder, and holding the still smoking weapon in my hand, I walked close up and looked in. The interior was not nearly so dark as it had appeared from outside, and in a few minutes I began to see things. The tree was an immense hollow shell Almost to a level with my knees it had been floored with roughly split and heavy slabs, to whioh a log by way of step made ascent easy. Still peering doubtfully and oautiously in, I discerned a couple of stools, some cooking utensils, blankets, together with a whole array of other articles whioh it was too dark to identify, scattered over the floor in every direo tion. Bight in front of me was a wide bunk, com posed of sheets of bark, resting on wooden blooks; but from where I stood the top of it was above my line of vision. As I was Btaring, up ran the doctor and Quandong, they having heard the report of the pistol. With scarcely a moment's pause the former mounted tbe stop and entered, we two following. The first object that caught our eyes was the body of a man lying full length, face upwards, on the bunk. It was the Biter's. Every stitch of olothing had been torn off and lay in shreds around. Blood stains and great blaek bruises discoloured the tawny skin, and the dead features still wore such a bewildered expression of horror and wonder combined as might be seen in those of one giving up the ghost whilst under the influence of some terrible nightmare. Hateful enough in life, the look of that face was now so utterly revolting that I felt faint and siok and turned my head away. Not so the dootor, who was busy about the corpse. "Hum," I heard him mutter. "Dead, did you ask, sailor? Why, yes, dead as Julius Caesar. Let's see; ah, skull fractured, and badly—pity, too—right leg broken in two places, left ditto in one ; both arms broken, and pretty nearly all the ribs smashed. A very complete job, I must admit," he went on, raising the ghastly head gently and as one who loved it, " did the party make who took upon themselves the job of oheating the hangman of his due." [will be concluded next week.] According to calculations made by the Boston Herald, the progress of languages spoken by the different important civilised nations is as follows :—English, whioh at the beginning of the century was only spoken by 22,000,000 of people, is now spoken by 100,000,000. German is now spoken by 70,000,000, against 85,000,000 in 1800; Russian by 68,000,000, and Frenoh by 40,000,000, against 30,000,000 and 34,000,000 respectively at the commencement of the cen tury. In 1800 Spanish was used by 80,000,000, now 44,000,000 speak it. Italian, whioh wai spoken at the same date by 18,000,000, is now employed by 82,000,000; and Portuguese ifl now used by 13,000,000 persons, instead of 8,000,000 who spoke it ninety years ago. Thta is for English an inorease of 312 per cent, for Russian 120 per cent, for German 70 per cent, and for 3panisu and -French, 80 per oent each.' ■ 