MELBOURNE RING NOTES. Proposed Complimentary Entertainment TO MARTIN C05TELL0. Tho Apollo Hall. Woods Knocks Lyndsay Out in Three Bounds— Currau's Rooms—' Friday' Ilests Cnlleu in Eight Rounds— Coming: Events and Plenty or Them. Tho story of tho caso in which Martin Costollo had to Rtand his trial for an alleged assault on ci-Coflstable Freolmirne ia now n thing of the past, aud it ia well-known that Martin was acquitted without tho jury leaving tbo box, tho summing up of Judgo Hamilton being ontiroly in his favor. Tho dofonce was, however, a very expensive affair, having cost Mr. Costello close on i'150. Following this conies an order from tho health officer for extensive and expensive nitoi-ations in tho Apollo Hall, wiiicu will involve acousiuerauie outlay. In view of thoso mattors, and to show their nprooiation of Martin, his numerous friends have decided to tender him a monster complimentary athletic entertainment, inter larded with variofcv business, on Monday, April 0, at the Apollo Athletic Hall. It is necd!-.-.-3 to mention that tho athletes to a man havo tendered thoir eervicoa, aud in this respect tho only trouble will bo to choose who will take part. It is a well known fact that, sinco Martin entered into possession of tho Loungo Hotol, his hall, hotel and pocUot were open to all athletes who wero in need of assis tance, and now that ho has been prevailed on to take a bsneiit himself, tho patrons of the- mort should turn uv in numbers to show their ac knowledgment of his endecvorato give boxing a healthy character in Victoria. Never yet did Costollo refuse a helping hand to a deserving nthiote, and tbis tribute of sympathy to him should consequently ho thoroughly supportod. A programme of events yrlli bo proparod during the week aud published in no'xt iesuo of the- Eeitkee. Tho Apollo Hall. Jim Woods Stops Young Lyxdsay. There was a vory respootablo attendance at tbo Apollo Hall on Saturday evening to witness what wa3 intended to be an eight round contest between tho two sterling young boxers, Jim Woods and Jim.Lyudsay. It was a case of Collingwood v. South Melbourne, and considerable excitement was centred in the affair. But, contrary to expecta tions, tho contost did not last half tho stipulated number of rounds, as Lyndsay was oloan stretched out in tho third round. The preliminary exhibitions were of the usual interesting character, and evoked continued applause from the audience, tho bout between tho 'Yankee' brothers being particularly lively. A very short inter val followed the first part of the programme, after which Woods asd Lysdsay mado their appearance, the former attended bv his brother Charley and Windobank, and the latter by H. Sinnott and another Lyndaay. Sinnott having won tho choice of gloves and corners, Messrs. W. It. Virgoe and Sam Allou were selected as refcreo and time keeper respectively, and tho contestants ordered together for Hound 1. — The first round opened with very smart left exchanges, both mon getting homo with effect. Lyndsay followed up with a telling riffbt on tho ribs, Woods Bending tho left: hard on tho chest. Heavy two-banded exchanges followed, both lads showing the greatest willingnoss. After standing off for a few moments Lyndsay got home with a left on tbe body, and followed up with a right oji tho forehead, sending Woods on the ropes. The latter recovered himself instantly, and a heavy rally took place in tho centra of the ring. On broaking ground Woods eeut in a flush left, and followed up with a right on tho car, Lyudsay getting in a pretty left on the mark just as corners woro called. Bound 2. — On coming up to the call of time tho contestants sparred for a few second's, when Woods putin a splendid loft ou the chin. He followed up with another on tho wind, which staL'L'ered Lvndsav. Takins all advan tage, Woods again hooked his adversary on tho jaw, whon the lattor came up aud landed two heavy lights on tho head. The fighting here became desperate, and continued so to tho cud of the round, when both lads were oheerod to tho echo. Eouud 3 and last. — Lyndsay, on coming to scratch, tried a lot of tricky business. Ho feinted several times, but could not draw Woods, who was very careful. Seeing an opening the Collingwood boy sent in a good left on the body, following up with a brace on both sides of the head, Lyndsay replying with both hands. A short spar followed the rally, and Woods sent tho loft short for the marl;. This drow Lyndsay, who immediately copped a right fair on tho jaw, which sent him on all fours, and the fight was over, ns tho South Melbonrnito was unablo to respond to. the call of timo. The reforeo at once declared in favor of Woods, the decision being roeeived with acclamation. Curran's Roams. Fhiday Beats Colle.n'. The proceedings opened with an excellent fonr rounds betweon Peterson and Jim Rogers, when some splendid boxing powers wero displavod by each. Peterson, however, had all the best of tho bout, and towards its termination ho dealt very leniently with his opponent. About 9.30 tho mon entered tho ring, Friday seconded by Jack King, Cull en having the sorvicos of Jack Fitz, an old genera nt the game. The question of gloves and corners decided, Mr. Virgoe was selected as referee, and Mick O'Brion as watch-holder. Tho first round opened with Cnllen making a fierce onslaught on Friday, but tko latter knowing too much of the game, easily evaded the rush, aud succeedod in getting in a good left upper-cut, followed by a left and right on tho head. Callen now wont to close quarters, whoro a good rally took placo, both men boing apparently anxious for gore, glory and lucro. On breaking away Friday Bent a good left on the body, Cullon being short in tho return. Quick exchanges at short range brought the round to a close. The second round was a series of red-hot fighting, Friday having a. lot the best of matters. Eound3 was of almost a similar charaotori Friday having a still more decided advantage, his left stabs telling well, while'his seldom used right did very good execution. Friday started tho fourth round by deliver This brought Cullen woll on his mottle. Ho went in to mix matters, and made things par ticularly interesting to tbe ond of tho round. Tho remaining rounds wore mostly of a one sided character, as despite tho very best en deavors of Cullen he did not havo a ghost of a show, as Friday had too good a knowledge of ring tactics. At tho conclusion of tbo eighth round Mr. Virgoo at once declared Friday tho winner. Cullen, though defeated, has no oc casion to be ashamed' of his performance. Whou he has a little moro exporienco, and learns how to lot his hand go freely, bo will, in my opinion, not only turn tho tables on Friday, but also tnko down a good many others at his weight. Ho has plenty of heart. Coming Evonts. Sinco the affair in tho Athletic Club over tho issuo of tho Baxter-Denny fight, a number of matches have been arranged to take place at our public . halls for purses. The first will take place on Saturday next at tho Apollo Hall, whon ' Yankee ' and ' Seqtty,' two bantam amateurs, will contost for suproinacy. Noxt comes a contest between Owen Sullivan and Peterson, at the same hall, for a purse of .£25. Following this comes a fight between Tom Duggan and Friday, at Curran's room, and last, but not least, will bo a final of who is the better man, Starlight or Morris. This contest will take place at the Apollo Hall in three weeks for a respootublo purse. Morris is training, for the first timo, with Charley Taylor at Colcman's Hotel, Xorth Brighton, and Starlight is doing his work ill town under careful supervision. This meeting will bo looked forward to with a great deal of intorest by oil lovera of the sport. — ? - 