COUNTRY NEWS. BALLARAT. Saturday. "ho Rov. P. A. Brcnnau, B.A., ono of the professors at the Holy Ghost Collogo in this city, died at an early hour this morning from heart disease. Father Breunan, who was 36 years of age, was a graduate of the Royal Uni versity of Ireland, and was ono of a number of " rogular " priests brought to tho colony about throe yoars ago from Blackrock College, near Dublin, by tbo Bishop of Ballarat. The rev. gentleman, who is a native of Kilkenny, whero his parents aro still residing, was very highly respected among all otasses in Ballarat. A requiem mass will ho celebrated at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Monday morniug, aftor whioh tho romains will bo interred in ono of the local cemeteries. Father Brcnnan is tho second of his community to dio in tho colony, Father Griffin predeceasing him about 12 months ago at Maryborough. BENDIGO, Sunday. An agitation has boon startod at Bridgewator to obtain tho use of a diamond drill to prospoct for tho Dairy and Stockyard leads, nnd a petition on the matter hns been signed and sont to tho Minister of Mines. Experts aro of opinion that a largo area of alluvial country awaits development in the Loddon distriot. An open air mooting was hold opposite tho public buildings laHt night to advance tho plat form of tho Progrcssivo Politioal League. Mr. Baites, M.L.A., was in tlio chair. Air. Trcn- with, ALL. A., discoursed upon tho platform of tho league, and pointed out that Alonday would bo tho last day on whioh to tako ouc rights for the elections whioh must tako place within a few months. He ospeciully urged young people to take steps to secure voting privileges, and drew a contrast bctweon tho eagerness with whioh now arrivals availed themselves of the privilege of voting compared with tho apathy of tho nativo born, who did not know tho blessing of tho franchise. Uo strongly condemned plural voting, and said the laboring classes only wanted a fair share of representation in Parliament, in which the non-producing element was too largely represented. Mr. Hancock, M.L.A., followed on similar lines. Both were well received, and a cordlal vote of thanks was passed at the close of the meeting. A lad named Henry Winsor, aged 10 years, was drowned in the dam of the Catherine United Company yesterday. He was fishing for crayfish with other lads, and then went in for a bath. While paddling about he apparently stepped into an old mining hole, now included in the dam, and being unable to swim, he quickly sank and was drowned before assistance could be given. The body was recovered half an hour after, but life was extinct. A meeting of Cornishmen last night decided to form an association on the lines of those existing in Melbourne and Adelaide. ECHUCA, Saturday. Tho extremely favorablo weather whioh has Crovailod during the past week or two has rought on tho crops wonderfully. Around Tongala, Koyuga and Kanyapella the farmers are very well satisfied with thoir prospects both of hay and whoat. Many havo out mid stacked the hay, with vory good results. With regard to wheat, the crop iu likely to be fully up to tho average—from 15 to 18 bushels to tho oore. At Tntalia, Mathoura and round the neighbor hood somo of the crops were laid by tho lato high winds, but they are now rcoovering, the heat of the sun assisting thom to riso. Tiio steamor City of Oxford, Captain Lyons, arrived this morning, bringing tho diver and his apparatus from the scono of tho wreck of tho b&igo; Paragon. Out of 300 bales of wool whioh .wont overboard, 205 wero recovered. GEELONG, Saturday. A boy, named Walter M'Cormick, aged 14 years, whoso inothor resides in Richmond, met with a severe accidont in Geelong to-day. He is a boarder at St. Joseph's College, conduotcd by tho Christian Brothers. He was cliinbinga treo, and fell, fracturing his skull, breaking his arm and lacerating his side. He was admitted to the hospital this cvoning. He is couscious, and is progressing favorably. MEREDITH, Saturday. Yesterday was tho day fixed for tho oponing of the Alouut Wnll&co; aud Boromboko creamery, ono of many that nro to bo worked in conjunc tion with tho central butter factory at Alora- ditli. Tho chairman of tho company, Air. J. Armstrong, J.P., and several of tbo directors were present, and many congratulatory speeches woro made. Airs. H. Balmain, amidst cheers, started the maohinory. This creamery is situated in tho centre of a large and fertilo distriot, and will be & source of great profit to all oonneotcd with it. The Alercdith Creamery and Buttor Co. Limited is now a going concern, and has overy prospcot of success. 