FICTION. Prom CD gil ab, American» and Other Periodical«. THE DETECTIVE AT FAULT CHAPTER V.-(Continued) " The last house yonder," she said, pointing with a veiny, soapy hand, " but I guess you won't find him." "Why?" " Because the milkman didn't find him, the baker didn't find him, and the butcher didn't find him. The house has been closed all the morning." "Do you think he has gone away for the season ?" " Perhaps ; lut it's á cheating of honest poor folks, for he's run away without paying his honest debts." "Was he seen yesterday ?" " Yes, and last night, too. I seen him with my own eyes when I was taking down the swill to dump in the water." " At what time ?" " At about six o'clock." " What was he doing ?" " Sitting on the stone heyonst there." i She pointed to a large rounded stone that was half submerged at full tide. " What was he doing ?" "Amusing himself by tearing up paper and watching it float on the water." " Did he speak to you ?" " Yes, he told me to tell my son to call for his money in the morning. My son, you know, is the milkman, but it's little money he'll get for his last month's 31 quarts of milk." "At what time did your son call at the house ?" I " At the usual time, 7 o'clock in the morning. You won't see Mr. Durand, and no loss to you, sir." As it was near the hour when the afternoon train was to arrive, I temporarily retired from the un- successful guest, and wont over to the station, as|I expected a couple of assistants by the six o'clock express. They arrived in time, and one of them I sent back to the city on the next downward train, with orders not to sleep until he had dis- covered the housa where a Miss Ella Constant lived, and learned about the woman'all that it was possible to learn. Policeman Grope was a clever fellow when he had a superior mind to guide him, and I had no doubt that he would succeed, especially as I communicated to him certain in- formation which I bad obtained from the basket of torn-up letters. The other policeman I set to watch the hotel, especially Mrs. Amelia Glaye, should she venture out, and whom I . minutely describid. I hoped by this means, among' other things, to discover the whereabouts of the runaway, Durand, for I had no doubt that the woman was iully acquainted with the actions of the man. She had lived to learn that her heart was not dead and buried with her old lover ; the impecunious and indifferent Durand undoubtedly knew that on her marriage she would come into -a fortune. She clung to him from love, he to her from interest, and he would not run away without giving his accomplice information as to his retreat. A woman in love is a woman without a mask, and that the infatuated Mrs. Glaye would seek the presence of the "murderer was little less than a certainty in my mind. The reader has all the facts I then possessed : if hip suspicions are directed to other persons I can only envy his foresight and wisdom Night had come on by this time, and I was tired and hungry. I had promised to dine with Brandt, and I had no right to keep him waiting in his hospitality, especially as I needed his opinion on the case of Mrs. Glaye. On'reaching the cottage the good man gave me the heartiest of welcomes, and in my absence had personally prepared the most tempting of dinners. He keeps no servants, as he does not wish to be de- pendent oa " wretched, human, gabbling, chatter- ing beings," as he calls them. I had no reason to object to IIÍB eccentricity, for I never sat down to a better dinner in my life, nor one better cooked. In order we had fine fat oysters, bisque of crabs, boiled salmon with a superb greenish looking sauce, fillet of beef, pate de foie gras (of which the doctor is passionately fond), roast turkey and cranberry sauce, a delicate crisp salad, a superb pudding with rum sauce, a dish of fruit, and the most wonderful cup of coffee I ever tasted. Wine was abundant, and, though I am a connoisseur on this subject, I drank with the fuli surety that what the doctsr served any honest stomach might.imbibe without fear. My host had a famous appetite, but I played Becond to him in nothing but the pate de foie gras ; a little of this stuff satisfied my curiosity, but he devoured it with a gusto that was also sentimental. He Bighed over it, rolled his eyes over it, and grunted in luxury ovçr it, as if it were really the " glimpse of paradise," as he called it. He gorged on this and eat little else ; but I do not pretend to be a judge of another man's taste. We drank our coffee and smoked our cigars in the sitting room, and here for the first time the doctor referred to the murder. I gave him a full account of my proceedings, especially of my inter- view with Mrs. Glaye, although I did not even hint at the personal history she had related to me. He agreed with me in regarding the flight of the man Durand as a great stupidity. "It is one gross confession of guilt," he said, in his peculiar "English^ " A woman is wiser ; not that I refer to my good friend Mrs. Glaye, for I cannot sea how she is connected with the case." The good doctor has not an analytic mind, des- pite his harmless egotism, and I proceeded to en- lighten him. " She is desperately in love with Durand, and I know that she has a nature that will hesitate at nothing. The only thing I fear is that she will exonerate the man by taking all the guilt on her own shoulders. She left the hotel on the night of the murder, lost her diamond ear-ring, and then boldly denies having left her roora. You must admit it is very strange.". " She is a strange woman, a strange study," said the doctor slowly, leaning back in his' chair and puffing his smoke up to the ceiling. " She puzzles even me," he said, after a pause, and in a low voice, as if speaking to himself. " I thought I knew down to the last fibre of humility ; but what means the change ? From boistcrousneBB to calm, from childish agitation to dignity. It is two distinct women. YeB, my friend," he concluded, with a sigh, " I am puzzled." " Might not her ailment urge her into crime ?" I asked. "A. woman is all ailment, my friend, the best woman is wise this minute to be a fool the next. But what is her ailment ? I do not know. I find mothing : lunga, heart, everything is healthy eo far as I can discover. She is nervous, but that is nothing. She is not insane. What then ? I can- not say. She should be happy ; if she killed herself to-morrow I should not be surprised. Who can read a woman ?" he added, with a slight frown, staring thoughtfully at the ashy end of his cigar. " Bah ! It is a conundrum, and I give it np." He looked toward me with a smile. " But, doctor, if she is capable of killing, herself, she is also capable of murdering another." 2" It is not my place to condemn her, and so I prefer to think well of her. One thing I feel sure, if she loves this Durand, she ÍB too proud to marry a man charged with murder." " There you make a mistake, doctor. According to my belief, even if she is innocent, she will be only too happy to vindicate her love, and Bhow its intensity by marrying the man against whom all the world has turned. If she knows of his guilt, the desire will be stronger, for she will marry him that she may not be forced to testify against him." " Ah ! you think so ?" exclaimed the doctor, after a long pause, during which he had been staring at my face without seeing me. " I am sure of it ! And if she is not a partner, she has Witnessed the crime. She was out at the time of the murder ; she was near the scene of the murder, for the fragment of fine black stuff that we discovered on the blackberry bushes belonged to a shawl that I saw on a chair in her room. She participated in the crime or she witnessed it ?" " Ah ! you think so ?" again said the doctor, in a mechanical voice, and without relaxing his stare " It is bad !" ke added, with a deep sigh. " Rather good, doctor, very good. For if I can find her in one of her hysterical moods, I feel sure that I can so work on her feelings that she will tell me all she knows." " She is not that kind of woman." " You forget the kind of man she has to deal with !" I answered proudly. " Lecoq Eox is equal to the emergency. Besides, she has already made me her confidant. She has told me items of her family history which, both as a detective and as a man, I must not reveal even to you." I was amused by the good doctor's surprise, which was plain to me, despite his strong effort to control it. His pride was evidently hurt that I should have succeeded where he-the world-readçr-had failed. " And she has been robbed, too," he said, after a pause, "of jewellery and of papers. It is very strange." " Very cunning," I answered, scornfully. " It is a good story to lead me off the scent." "Then she must deliberately lie," said the doctor, thoughtfully. " Bah ! I can make nothing of it?" He again Bank into a perplexed silence. Staring at him, I remembered a little incident of the morn- ing, and so I said, suddenly : " Doctor, will you please minutely describe the head covering of the murdered woman ? The reason of the question I will tell you in a moment." . " Have I not already told you ? A black straw hat, tied under the chin with a blue ribbon, and attached to the hat a blue spotted veil." . " You said nothing of the veil in your descrip- tion." " Then I am a pudding-head. For, look you, the veil attracted my particular notice, for to discover the situation of the woun-11 had to move the veil aside. It was just over the wound and was thick with blood." I now produced the hat discovered by the wharfinger. " Is thi3 the article ?" "That is the article or its ghost!" he said, eagerly. " Where did you find it ?" I told him, and he agreed with my explanation of the discovery. "It seems as if murder will out, my friend," he said, slowly and solemnly. " It is very strange very wonderful !" "And very lucky, doctor. I have sent down to, the city to discover the whereabouts of the woman, Ella Constant. If she has disappeared from the city, and if we can trace her here on the evening of the murder, we shall have made up our case. I am willing to wager that the girl will be traced to this place when she mysteriously vanishes. As to the murderer or murderers I am equally certain, and in a couple of days, my good doetor, you will see justice vindicated by one who has not been fairly treated. They may ruin Lecoq Pox's chances, but they can't rob him of his talents, as Mr. Durand will find, even though he takes to his heels to avoid me !" We discussed the subject for an hour or so more without striking on anything of value, and then, with many apologies for lack of conveniences,' we drank a parting glass of wine and the doctor showed me a cosy little bedroom on the floor above. I intended to do many things before I went to bed -for one thing look over carefully the fragments of letters that I had found at Durand's house, and piece them together in proper sequence ; but I was tired, and I had eaten and drank' too much, I kicked off my clothes, and crept into bed, and, though I slept, I was afflicted with a nightmare all night. It was dream after dream, and I must have get up and walked in my sleep, for when I waked in the morning had my clothes on, and my, polished boots were covered with mud. I know I dreamed of the murder all night, and jumbled things together most beautifully. What I remem- bered most vividly in the morning was a curious dream fancy about the good doctor. I dreamed Isaw him sitting in his Bhirt- sleeves in the room below, in- tently studying a big book, with a spray of goldenrod fastened fantastically on his shirt front. I dreamed there was a tap on the door, and that he hastily jumped up and opened it, aif& welcomed into the room the pretty black-hairpd lady whom I had met on the verandah of the hotel. The young woman wore a big spray of wild asters on the bosom of her dress, and the doctor put his arm around her waist and kissed her gently on both cheeks. I then dreamed they held a long whispered conversation, of which I only caught a few disconnected words. Towards the end of the dialogue, however, I caught a sentence which I afterward repeated, and repeated in my sleep in the most meaningless and idiotic manner. I dreamed the black-haired woman said : s " Goldenrod in the window means tranquility ; asters, danger." "As usual, my dear!" ,nodded the doctor. .' Goldenrod, tranquility ; asters, danger." In my sleep the phrase fascinated me, and ever afterward, throughout the night, I kept repeating, as if by niàchinery, "Goldenrod, tranquility j astprs, danger ! " . (To be continued.) 