OUR PUBLIC LIBRARY. tVe talk mucli of the democratic spirit, of the ago...-. We seldom '.pause to reilcot how com pletely that spirit has transformed nil our insti tutions. If Disraeli the elder could glide ghost- like through the galleries' of our Public Library Ke'would with profoundost amazement on the motley, crowd of readers. When "ho sat in the rending room of tho British Museum, col lecting the material which he govc to the world in his Curiosities of Literature and other once popular, perennially interesting works, ho had seldom more than half a dozen companions. The vulgar never profaned the reading 'room, in which bookworms and publishers' hacks sought for hidden treasure. The plagiarist was happier then than now, for. hooks wcro costly, nnd tho great collections were zonlously gunrded. That a national library should be thrown open to Tom, Dick and Harry was an idea so absurd that it never entered tho cranium of politician or philanthropist of tho 18th century. In 1784 William Hutton, tho author of a history of Bir mingham, visited London, and, amongst his cherished purposes was to pay a long visit to the museum and gallery of which he had heard so much.' He found 'that ho could not pass the portals unless armed witli a ticket. To secure a ticket it was necessary to . make an application iii writing, to lodge it with tho porter, and to return' a day or two later for orders of admission if'tho trustees' chanced to have granted them. Hdtton's arrangements forbhdo his complying witli the conditions, but he purchased a ticket from a sightseer, who valued it at 2». It was wlien he entered the building that his sorrows began. Three hours were allowed for the inspection, and of those one was to bo spent in each of the three branches into which i.he museum was divided. An officer took charge of the visitors, and they wended their way from case to case in gloomy silence. Hutton plucked lip courage to ask whether no one could explain the curiosities they were passing with lack lustre eye. Where upon the officerexelaimed tartly — " What, would you have me tell you everything in the museum 7 How is it possible 7 Besides, are not the names written on many qf them 7 " Under such con ditions ns, these the hour spent in the library must hare been depressing indeed, and we are not surprised to lenrn that Hutton departed, sorry that he had wasted the 2s. paid for .his ticket, the 2s. 6d. paid in coach are and his morning. . In 18p3 radicalism was making headway, and the trustees allowed 120.persons in parties of 15 to perambulate the building. .With but 120 visitors a day to cicerone, the attendants must have enjoyed sufficient leisure to denounce the spirit :o.f innovation which lind rendered .. the application for _ n. ticket unnecessary. In 1810 the trustees took another step forward, and threw the doors open to all persons of " decent appeafahee.." . But the librnryiomninod sacred, the men and women of "decent appearance" were allowed to gaze at the shelves, but only "studious and curious" persons, approved by the trustees, were admitted as readers. Even now those who' wish to study in the famous library mUBt apply for orders, which hold good, for six months. Perhaps the precaution is essential In a city of 4,000,000 inhabitants, a ci(y to which men of nil nationalities repair, it would hardly do to . throw, the .gates of a great library open to ali.-who ohose to-.enter, It Is becoming clear that, certain changes must bo made in the management of our Mel bourne Public Library. - As the-reader knows it is open to all, just as are the public reserves. The officials would object. to, the intrusion of an obviously drunken man, as would the curator of tbe Botanical Gardens. But not only may who ever will entor, he may take whatever books he pleases from tlio shelves. This thoroughly democratic system has certain obvious advan tages. Hundred of lads visit the Library who would never enter it if to gain nn order of admission were necessary. Some of these develop a taste for rending. Again, to the busy man, it is a convenience to be allowed to take books frim the shelves without waiting the coming of an -assistant librarian. Many of us enter the Library in search of n given piece of Information, for which we hardly . know where to- look, But tp which we know we shall find a clue whilst turning over certain Tolumes. In; such a case a man may handle . a scpre of books in nn hour; and his progress- would he seriously re tarded, were he. dependent on the assistants, who could attend to him- only in his turn. So. muqh conceded, it cannot.ba too emphati cally declared- that our method has very serious drawbacks. En.ter.the .library .when excessive heat or steady rain makes; the- pavement unat tractive and you will find a little band of un washed loafers gathered about the tables. A paternal Government has provided comfortably cushioned chairs, and desks so constructed that the student may place his book at what angle he will. At these desks sit men of all . sorts and conditions. There nre some intent on acquiring information, who read intently and make notes assiduously, and beside them are fellows who are simply killing time, yawning, turning to tho windows, hoping the shower may pass. You may fill your note hook with curious sketches of these patrons of literature. . One-fellow with larrikin scarf about his throat lias just emerged from a Bourke-street public .houBe ; lie:has exhausted hi9 silver, and has had sufficient drink to feel sleepy. He toils, up tho steps to the Library, looks languidly about him,.: saunters to one of the bays, glances carelessly -at the books, takes down Hamilton's Lectures on Logic, spreads the volume before him and supporting .his head upon his arm falls into a gentle sleep. At another table fba note a bookworm, whose movements are painfully suggestive of Thacke ray's couplet — " then all the bugs in jewry, began to bite like fury." On the oliair next his sits a lad who is absorbed in study of the Restoration drama, who is making the acquaintance of those dramatis persona, of whom Macaulay said, " the ladies are like very profligate, impudent and unfeeling' men, nnd the men are too bad for any place but Pande-. moniuov or Norfolk Island.!' Tho lad seems to enjoy the. strange world into which. he has stumbled, but the vagaries of his neighbor dis turb him, and as he realises the position he closes the book and walks to another table. Wherever you look you see men who are obviously totally indifferent to the book which lies before them, but so long as the accommoda tion of tlic Library is not overtaxed it matters little or nothing whether the unemployed sit there or walk the streets. Wo must, however, draw the line nt those of the have nots who obstinately refuse to wash themselves. Cleanliness is next to Godliness, and though the annals: of Grub-street lead us to suppose that some devotees of literature have been as dirty as they were profane, such enthusi asts should not be allowed to pursue their, studies in public. One of Dickens's characters remarked that tobacco was board and lodging to him, a vaunt which elicited the retort " it's a pity it's not washing too." To some of the frowsy ones who haunt the Public Library, literature would seem to bo board, lodging and washing. Unfortunately it is not drink, a fact which tho man possessed of sensitive nostrils discovers when ho ehances to sent himself beside n student of Don Juan, who has qualified himself for appreciation by deep potationB of the gin on which Lord Byron is fabled to have written. Those unwashed ones are nasty while they remain, in tbe building, and, worse still,' ' leave traces of their visit behind them. Prints of their thumbs may be discovered on the pages of the tomes wliioh they most affect, nnd those unfortunate enough' to occupy the chairs they have vacated are likely to invest a shilling in insecticide before thoy court repose. Perhaps we are to some exteut to blame for the dirty state into' which a part of the populace hns fallen. We forbid the poor man to plunge into the Yarra, and wo provide no baths worthy of a great city." It would add materially to tho comfort of those pf us who resort to the Public Library, if a palatial wosbhouse were built in Latrob'e-street. Then the constable whose busi ness it is to scan those who enter tho building might offer to any dirty patron of the muses either of two alternatives, one to forsake their shrine, the other to enter it by way of the hath. Possibly there might be preju dice against this system on tlio ground that it prevails in tho English workhouses, where tho tramp who demands a night's lodging in tlio cnsunl ward is taken to the tub before be is sup plied witli skilly nnd an apology for n bed. Of course the library must be maintained on a thoroughly popular basis, anything which savored of class legislation would be resented by the community, and would be regretted, even by the vast majority ' of those whom it Would not affect". ' But the 'popularity of an instltutiftja'is not inoreased by thc admission of (U«»t"Wh«ahriak from soap -with th« exag-' 'gerftted horror, of Mork Twnin,'s_tWrteenth -cen tury, saints." -. Lads who aro' developing a taste for- reading will , shun' the' Barry Hall if thoy And that visits to it result in" tlieir endur ing ,'tho incpnvenienoes, . to ... which . re ference has been made. , It Is very easy . to point out the evil, perhaps it is not quite so easy to suggest a remedy of thoroughly practical.sort which iB not likely to result in other evils hnrdly less serious. If we were justified in assuming that the average policeman possessed brains, we might possibly cut the Gordian knot. But no inan of affairs does act on an assumption so wild. AYould it not be, possible for tho trustees of the library to seoure the services of an officer of unusual aouinen, who might bo trusted to determine whether a man was so obviously dirty and dis reputable as to be unworthy of admission to a building devoted to literature and tho arts. Tho difficulty is that we are specially anxious to give the very poorest . member of the community access to the books, and that Beadledom is over disposed to mistake tho signs of more poverty for indications of worthlossnoss. However, dirt maybe detected ataglance,andweshouldBuggcst that an effort be made to turn away the olass of man qualified to express an . opinion on . Max Adeler's assertion that a coat of dirt the 16th of an . inch thick gives-an amount of. warmth greater than a 15 dob. suit. ,. If, any one imagines , that we have .grossly, exaggerated, let him turn to. the bay in the main' gallery wliicli is deyoted to fiction.:. Ho will find Fielding ;very dirty ; he will find Dickens and, Thackeray so excessively nasty tluit lie would shrink from turning over their pages even to verify a quotation. The one good thing it is possible to say of . the loafers is that they refrain from recording irnbccilo impres sions on tho margins of their favorites', books. This, however, may be duo to the fact that they do not carry pencils, and that the librarian does not supply them with pen and ink. Their anno tations nre almost wholly of the thumb mark order, and a enrsory examination of them shows that the taste of these gentry is akin to that of Addison's heroine, whoso " Clelia opened of itself in the piace that describes two lovers in ft bower." "We referred to the fact that readers are allowed to take what books they please from the shelves, the one drawback to this is that some of them pop a volume of old plays , into a shelf sacred to philology, or vice versa, which saves tliom some little trouble, but excites the fiercest indignation of the man who searohea in vain for the volume so pro- vokingly misplaced. But for. the reasons indi- eated above, we are disposed to think that the cure of this special ill would be worse than the disease. In another artiole.we shall have a few words to. say about the 1 selqetion of books. In that, matter there is room for improvement, as in nil matters contrived by trustees, though of our Melbourne men we cannot say as Macaulay. of, his eonjrires in the, management of the British Museum,. " a(l; boards are bad,- and, this ' is tiie worst of all boards.!' All that is wanted here is a little of that grumbling, without a periodio outburst of which the best of institutions is cer tain to degenerate. 