THE O'BRIEN GHOST, THE WHITE FIGURE ON THE OLIFF. (Dn. W. H. Russell in Tire Anti-Jacobin.) When I camo into this property I was away abroad, and it was somo timo boforo tho agout wrote to toll mo the houso was roady for mo. I did not know the couotry at all, and I had novor soon tho cliffs of Mohcr which rise 700ft. abovo tho Atlantic. Tbo day I arrived I took a look at this bouse, and tbon walked to tbo cliffs with ft priest with whom I was going to dino at Eunistv- mon. I was astonished and dolightcd at tho spoutaclo, tho ocean rolling in from the west, " Tho noxt parish church in Amorica," as his rovcronco said. I had always hoard thero was somo tradition about the Hag's Ilead and my family — how some old lady who was walking near tho cliff was wliiskod into the soa by a sudden puff of wind. And thero aro suoh puffs ! And they're vory dangerotiB ! Anyway, tho grandson sticccodod, and thoy say tlio ghost of the old woman bognn to baunt tho cliffs. Well ! as I wna driving hoino I thought that as it was a beautiful moonlight night, and a good brcczo was blowiug from tho wont, I would tako a look at tho broakcrs : thoy wero roaring liko artillery. So I got out of tlio gig and told tho boy to go homo and hid a sorvaut wait up for mo. I struck across tho sward straight for tho Hag's Iload. I had got within 70yds. or SOyds. of it when I saw on tho vory edgo of tho oliff a whito figuro. It was moving : alive and no mistake. At first I thought it was a sheep, but, gotting nearer, I porcoivcd thut it was a woman in a whito dress, with a white cap on hor hoad. Then I romomborcd that thero was somo talk at dinner of a lunatio girl who had escapod out of the asylum atEnoistymon. I made sure that it was sho, and I thought I had just arrived in time to savo hor lifo, Eoor creature ! My pton was to orcop quiotly ohind her, seizo her iu my anna, drag hor an far as I could from tho edge, then suouro hor and haul hor somohow to tho road. I had got closo, and was just about to toy hold of hor, when " tho tliiug" turned on mo such a faco ns no human boing ovor had— a death's bond, with oyos glaring out of tho sockets, through tauglcd massos of snow- whito hair ! Iu aa instant, with a soroooh that rang through my brain 44 tho thiDg" fell or throw itsolf ovor tho faco of tho cliff. It was somo seconds beforo I rocovored tho shock and horror. Thou tremblingly I oropt on my hands and knees to tho vorgo of tho cliff. I looked down on tho raging sea. As Iwaspeoringdownovor the Hag's Head I saw in tho moonlight somo whito objcot coming up tho face of tho cliff straight to wards mn ! I am not suporstitious or a coward. I tried to porsuado myself it was a seal or a groat sea-gull, but presently arras and hands wero visible — it was crawling hand ovor hand up tho oliff. I jumpod to my foot and ran for my lifo towards my houso. As I ran tho yell tho thing gave when it dis- uppoarod ovor tho oliff was ropoatcd. Look ing back thoro was the dreadful eight. It camo over tho green meadow in pursuit of rao, oarno noarer, noaror, not 200 yards behind. I bounded liko a deer up tho avenue and the door was opened by ray man. Again tbo foarful sound oloso ut hand. "Shut! shut tho door ! Do youhear that?" Tho man heard nothing. I went up to my room, looked at my faco in tho gloss ; it was pale, but it was not that of a madman. The windows of my bedroom lookod on a largo garden ; tho blinds woro drawn and tho light of tho moon fell through them. I was nearly undressed when a shadow was thrown on the counterpane of tho bed from ono of tho windows. There was somcono on the sill ! Tho sorcam was repoatod. A braco of doublo-bnrrol pistols lay on tho tablo by ray pillow. I fired the barrols, bang 1 bang ! bang 1 at tho window a« fust aa I could pull tho trigger. I ran downstairs to tho liall. YVo called up ovory soul in tho houso, searched overy inch of the gardon — there was soft soil under ray window — not a trnco of footstops nor a laddor ! I had my horso saddled at onco and rodo to Ennistymon and Imocked up tho priest. Tho first question I asked liis astonished roveronco was, 44 Toll ino, was I drunk when I loft you?" 44 No, you woro ns sober as you are now, Mr. O'Brien ! " And then I told liim my story. 44 1 never," said his reverence, "heard of anyone but tho O'Briens hoaring or seeing her, and thoy have her all to themsolvos. I can't make it out." 