LONDON JOTTINGS. One had almost begun to believe that the Red Indian of Fenimore's Cooper's novels and bis leading lady " Spark ling Water " bad no mor.e existence than Jack the Gianl- Killer or Goody Two-Shoes of fairy lore. They had faded into the romance or history. Buffalo Bill revived them for a 6hort space, but the Wild West as Earl's Court gave it, lacked the element of reality. But the Red-man is not improved away ; he has reminded us of his vitality in a very uncomfortable fashion. The North American Indian was bought out by the Yankee for so much beef or so many clothes, a bargain it seems Jonathan has not kept intact. The rations have been diminished, and other supplies and annuities abolished. Sitting Bull is ringleader, and the stories of his atrocities make " Darkest Africa " take a back seat. Scouts brought in word that the Indians were seen braiding the manes and tails of their horses, one of the first signs of their taking the war-path. A party of red men were seen in ambush watching a community of settlers. Altogether the lookout is warlike. The most extraordinary part of the outbreak is the gliost-dance, a wild fantastic savage war-dance executed round fires. The dancers become frenzied, and perform uncouth antics. The dance spreads like an epidemic from settlement to settlement ; it is usually performed in hidden groves of trees. Buffalo Bill has been summoned to take the lead against the Indians, and has started on his mission : he thinks the most ominous part of the movement is the widespread influence of what is said to be the "Messiah" movement, i.e., the ghost- dance held in expectation of the Messiah appearing. They dance, yell, and tear their bodies till they are fairly mad,then go and scalp defenceless settlers. Troops are ordered in readiness to act should the movement not subside. The dance in one locality had continued for ten days, and dur ing the whole of the time Borne of the warriors had tasted neither food nor water. 7,000 braves are reported in one quarter alone. Sir Charles Dilke, in his " Greater Britain," spoke of the red man as dying out. Wherever the whites can settle the aborigines die out, as for instance, in Aus tralia and New Zealand, where the blackfellow and Maori are gradually passing away. A strange theory, in fact, adduced by Sir Charles, is that the white colonists who supplant the the red man in time take on their exact racial peculiarities, even to the colour, nay become, in fact, true sons of the soil. There seems every likelihood that this is an ethnological fact. I remember meeting a gentleman at dinner in London and asking afterwards if he was not of Chinese origin, so marked in him were the peculiar features of that people ; the same flattish nose, narrow eyes, and yellow colouring. I was told he was a cousin of my host, a pure European, but he had been twelve years in China, living in a retired province, Beeing no Europeans, and in daily communication with the nativeB. His very face had imbibed the race. Here are hostile sioux watching unconscious settlers. Whaling- is a venturesome calling-. A whaler is usually absent about tliree years, his life is a hard one. The sail- wig whaler ship. C. W. Morgan a' ter a successful cruise in the. Arctic Seas, reached San Francisco about the 10th of November. During a whale hunt they lost six comrades. A whale had appeared a short distance from the barque ; a boat was lowered with a crew of six ; the whale was harpooned, but it made off, carrying the boat with it. The boat and its crew were never seen again, a gale broke and jt is feared all were lost. During the cruise of the whaling steamer Narwhal, six of the crew were washed overboard and four were drowned. These are some of the dangers of the deep, and peculiarly so of the whaling trade. How the plans of the big cities of to-day will be altered in the future. Rome is actively agitating to be made into a sea-port, and the plans are now in London awaiting the attention of capitalists ; while those for making Paris a sea-port, have been actually deposited at the Hotel de Ville. The proposed canal from Rouen to Paris is to be one hun dred and ten miles long and about twenty feet deep, and is to cost about five-and-a-half millions of pounds. This country is no longer the wealthiest commercial nation in the world ; others have rapidly come to the front of recent years. And there are self-made millionaires in Russia also. I read that a law-suit involving the possession of four million pounds' worth of securities and gold, of one million two hundred sheep, arid hundreds of thousands of acres of land in all parts of European Russia, is being tried at St. Petersburg. All this vast property is the estate of a German colonist named Falz-Fein, who left his home as a poor peasant fifty years ago to settle in the Crimea. He began his Russian career as a sheep-raiser, and although favoured with fabulously good luck, he remained a plain sheep-raising peasant to his death. The present suit is between his second wife, as plaintiff, and his children by his firnt wife, as defendants. The death of the King of Holland was but the finishing touch to a foregone conclusion. His Majesty had been to all intents and purposes dead some time. With his final extinction passes the male line of the House of Orange. He was the oldest monarch, save Francis Joseph, in Europe'. His reign lasted 42 years. What a relief his departure must be to the Queen, his Consort, a sister it will be remembered of the Duchess of Albany. His first wife was Princess Sophia of Wurtemburg, by whom he had the Prince of Orange, who died of a fast "life on the Boule vards of Paris before he was thirty. At one time he came here to woo, the Princess Beatrice being his arranged partner. The story goes that the Prince and she did rot hit it off, and that one day when lunching at Windsor being a little elevated, he told the Queen that he would a d— —d sight far rather marry her than her daughter Eighteen months after his first wife's death (they had long lived apart) he married Princess Emma of Waldeck Pyrmont, by whom he had the present girl-Queen, Wilhel- mina. She is only ten years old. William was over sixty when he took his young second wife, and he had lived his lite to the full. It waB an inglorious reign, and the king a dissipated man. The young Queen is enormously wealthy, and will be a great catch among the royalties. Little is known of her except that she is passionatoly devoted t,o all out-door amusements. So is the sad Empress of Austria, the saddest royal figure living, a prey to neuralgia, and acute rheumatism ; a victim to melancholia sue literally wanders the globe seeking rest and finding none. The sensation in scientific circles at present is Dr. Koch's discovery. I give the doctor in his laboratory. The ultimate value of the discovery will rest on the after state of the operated patient. So far it would seem that it does not go far enough to deserve the name of a cure. Some hundreds of doctors are now in Berlin impatiently waiting for lymph. What an escape that was of Mr. Malcolm, a young guardsman. Mr. Malcolm took a special train to visit Sir Frederick Johnston in Dumfriesshire. He had with him his servant. Master and man occupied one carriage. A break and engine completed the train. The latter got off the rails and toppled over an embankment. Only the carriage with the travellers was saved ; the driver was killed. What a fearful memory the narrow escape will leave I Mr. Beckett, M.P., had not such good fortune, he was killed in a moment by a passing train. The strange part of it was that he was not on the line but beside it, and that the engine passed him without hurt. It is supposed that the wind rushing under the carriage sucked him under, it blowing a gale at the time. Mr. Beckett's son is heir to the old baronetcy of Grinthorpe. I give the portrait of the unfortunate member. Never in his most critical day6, was Mr. Parnell so to the front as he has been lately. To all that has been urged and done he has remained utterly silent. One is almost tempted to suppose that he might partially vindcate him self did he speak, but he has kept an obstinate stillness. A great friend of his says he was always the most reserved of men. He once paid a visit of some months, to a lady friend, who was an enthusiastic political admirer of his. He accepted her invitation on the condition that he would not be expected to join the family unless he was "so dis posed and this proved to be very seldom. He was busy writing and his meals were constantly sent up to him. When he did appear he observed the same doure silence. We are not to have a Stanley commission after all. Mr. Smith replies to the demands that the Government had no responsibility for the expedition, and the leader of it is not a British subject ! The' charges and countercharges must be threshed out in another manner, only some one must take the initiative, and that some one will not be H. M. Stanley. The day that the thermometer showed 6 degrees below freezing point, 64 men actually bathed in the Serpentine. In Ireland hardy hillites dash into lakes as they scour the country. I used to meet long ago a sturdy old Irish clergyman who often popped into breakfast at a house at which I was visiting. He would arrive at 8 in the morning. It was winter, and he told us often how he had had a header into this lake or that stream, and how he had taken a run on the hill-side to dry himself and send the blood flowing freely. He had a splendid appetite, was ruddy of face, and muscular of form, and he was 72. Ho died of rheumatism. In the Highlands of Scotland the shepherds dip their plaids in water, wring them out and sleep in them warm and safe. Zinco, 