Lucia Ashleigh. CHAPTER XXVIII. AGAIN IN HIS POWER. As Vail asked himself the question, " Is she dead?" the bed-covering stirred slightly, and he was answered. Rosine arose and left the room, and the watch- dog followed her. Then it was that a sudden thought came to Vail Here was his opportunity to regain possession of this poor sufferer, whom already his vile machina- tions had brought to the brink of the grave, if not to insanity and death. The room ivas empty, the sick girl was helpless, his strong horse was without and what was to hinder ? To think was to resolve. He would try it. The idea passes through his mind-what if he Bhould be discovered? Well, it would be death any way, if the weapons of the lumbermen did not miss their mark. He knew that well enough. As well take the whole risk and have this visit to the Saint's Rest count for nothing. He stepped softly forward and laid his hand on the latch. It yielded to his touch, and swiftly and silently he stepped within and made his way to the bedside. A second or two he listened, but every- thing was still, except a slight stir among the kitchen tin-ware in the rear apartment of the cabin where Rosine was busy with some domestic arrange- ments probably. Villain though he was, he hesitated a moment before he lifted the covering from the face of the sleeper. Perhaps some lingering instinct of hu- manity not yet quite dead in his breast was urg- ing him to go his way and let her alone ; but only i for a moment, and then he threw back the quilt and saw her face. Its deathly pallor and the lines of suffering it bore might have moved a heart of adamant to desist. But "this man was not so wrought upon. He looked at her with his cold, hard eyes, and took in every particular at once. He saw that she was hovering on the brink of eternity. He knew that to take her out into the cold might be her death ; but he did not hesitate. Wrapping her deftly and quietly in a blanket, he lifted the emaciated form in his strong arms and bore her from the cabin and five minutes later he had mounted his ' horse, holding the girl with one arm, and. was speeding swiftly away. He heard shouts and cries and the sound of shot- guns discharged, and knew that his depredation had been discovered, but he only laughed softly to himself and dashed the rowels deeper into his horse's sides. No cry or moan came from the still burden on his breast. She might even then be dead, for the head that rested againBt his neck, where he had placed it, was cold as ice. " Well, said Vail to himself, " she will have to die but once. As well to- night as twenty years from now, when she has suffered more. Why is it that we all cling so to life ? There is not so much felicity in it for the average man that he need put himself out so greatly to keep it. And yet, after it is all over, what is then? What, indeed? Well, the question has puzzled the wise men of all ages, and they have got ao nearer a satisfactory solution than the world had at the time Abel died by the hand of the first murderer. Why should I fret my head about it ?*? I wonder if old Kate will expect to see me, or does she think I have been gobbled up by my enemies ? The old hag ! And yet why should I speak disrespectfully of her? She is the one human being who, through thick and thin, has been faithful to me-faithful as a dog." He rode on until a little after daybreak, and then having reached a straggling Western village, about whose deserted streets at this early hour there was not the slightest sign of life, he turned his jaded horse sharply into a piece of pine growth, and following a little-used path, halted at length before the door of an old house fast going to decay. " It is here that I shall find Kate," he said to himself, " if she has not gone back to St. Paul. A hen returns to her roost at night, and a woman goes back to her old home when everything else falls her. And this is where Kate passed her honeymoon when, late in life, she deserted my ser' vice'and tried the sweets of married life, Ha, ha !. it makes me laugh to think of it. And to think how her loving spouse fooled her, with his billing and cooing, till he got the money she had laid up in the bank. And then he spent it all in one grand spree, and died gloriously drunk, and she inherited this old house, Ha, ha ! It was as good as a comedy to her lean old face when she came back to me and asked to be taken on again. And methinks I shall find her here." ? He dismounted, holding the form of Mary White in hisarms, and rapped at the shaky door. Directly it was opened, and the face of old Kate peered curiously out through the gloom. "The'Lord save us!" she cried. "Bo it you, master, or be it your ghost ?" " It be me, myself," said Vail, mocking her tone ; " and I have brought you an old acquaintance." .» " Not her !" crid the woman, in a tone of dismay ; " not her again ?" " Tes it is her, what there is left of her, but v«ry little. I'should judge by her weight. Have you a bed in this heathenish place ?" " There's my own bed, and the one as he died on," said the old woman, leading the way into the inner room, where a small fire was smoldering on a dingy hearth. t' Put her into your own bed !" said Vail, sharply " I'll not have her put where that old wretch of a husband of yours groaned out his drunken life.' She is a lady, and, so far as may be, she shall be treated as such." " Nobody is going to treat her otherwise, as I knows of," answered Kate, shortly j " enless it be yoerself ; and I should think, if you regarded her BO highly, you'd be sending her back to them as loves her, and can take proper care of her, poor creetur !" "Hold your jaw!" said Vail brutally; "and don't go to getting beyond your depth. There, BofLly now. Have you any brandy in the house ?" " W here should I get brandy ?" began the woman, querulously; but-Vail stopped her by opening a cupboard door, and producing a bottle, at which he sniffed suspiciously, and then tasted its contents. " When were you ever known to be without it, mj gool Kate ? But this is villainous stuff, and if you paid anything for it you got cheated. Faugh ! it would make a dog howl to smell it. Give us a spoon." The old woman brought a cup and spoon,' and Vail poured some of the condemned liquid into it, and added some hot water. They had placed Mary white on the bed, and the light from the smoky kerosene lamp on the mantel shed a faint gleam on her pallin face., ' She would be no whiter, and no more fearfully attended in her coffin than she was now. She lay motionlass, her blue-veined eyelids closed over her sunken eyes, her thin hands falling helplessly by her side, the faint stir of the linnen on her bosom alone showing that life still burned within. Her closely cut golden-brown hair curled in damp rings around her forehead, and the outlines of a scarcely healed wound marred the purity her white brow. Vail brushed back the hair from the cicatrice. "If she lives it will be no disfigurement," he said, speaking more to himself than to Kate, " and that will be fortunate, seeing that she is a woman. It was a bad wound, and it has hurt the brain." " You should have hada'doctor," began old Kate. " Doctor be blowed !" exclaimed Vail. " A smart fellow I should have been to hare called a doctor to the old Grange, and had him in turn calling in the police. We should all be rotting in prison now, if I had done that." '5 Where we ought to be," muttered the old woman. " Yes, where we ought to be, beyond doubt, but where I don't care to be at present, or indeed at my future time, thank you. Lift up her head, Kate, and let me see if she can swallow." But poor Mary white, with some feeble intuition of what was being done, moaned and pushed the cordial away. " Let her alone," said Vail, arresting the further efforts of Kate to induce her to swallow. " She will be better after she has rested. She has had a long ride. Ana now I will see to my horse. Has your beastly staKe a wisp of hay in it. " Ay," and provender, too. But you have not told me where you found her. The men when they came back to Larkins', thought as how you was in for a short shrift." " I got out of it, as I have done many times be- fore, my good Kate. Never count me dead till you see the grass growing over my bones. I have had several adventures since I saw you last, but I am alive and well, and hungry. And I am not parti- cular as to fare. Almost anything to fill up." He went out whistling to see to his horse, and old Kate put the kettle over the coals and made various other preparations for getting other refreshments ready ; while she muttered and groaned to herself : ,." Master does beat everything ! Why has he brought her back ? What is she to him, any way ? What does he gain by keeping her? Lord! wouldn't there be a disturbance if her friends should get on track of her ! She's a pretty creature, or was once; but he didn't care for that. Not he, It's only money that can move the heart of Rupert Vail. Women don't have much to do with his nature. If they ever did, it was over long ago. And yet I did think once he cared for Victorine before-before- Ah ! well, well ! what am I muttering about, and the on'y piece of meat there is in the house burning up on the coals ?" She 'snatched up the gridiron indignantly, and vigorous'y blow out the greasy blaze which the bacon was sending forth through the bars, and put it on the table, just as Vail returned." " Phew ! What a smell ! You must be burning up your ancestors, my respected Kate, said Vail banteringly. " It is not the best of fare I have to offer you, but if I only knowed you was coming. But from this and from that that I could hear, I. expected that it wguld be a long day before I saw yo again. " In short, you thought I was dead, and gone after my reward, did you ? And not so much as a shred of mourning on in my horror ! Fie, Kate ! I thought better of you than that !" " Lord save us, master ! How funny .you be ! But now that you are here, and she is here, what are y«u going to do ?" " Well, faith, my girl, that is hard telling." " But there must be something done," said Kate sith meaning. " Ah ! You speak as if you had something back of your words. What is it ? Out with it. It may spoil with keeping too long." " Well, then, the police have been hore." "Here! What in the duce were they after here ? You not the woman to be likely to be in debt to your coachman or your washerwoman." " I should hope not, indeed," said Kate, with the utmost gravity; "but they were here trying to scent out summat. I could not find out jestly what. But it be you at the bottom of it sir, sir." " No doubt. I have been the cause of a great many wild-goose chases to them. No wonder they ache to run me to den. Who was the leader this time ?"', " I have not seen him before." " Describe .him. By jove ! Kate this bacon is burnt to a cinder, and sticks in my throat like burrs to a mules tail. Give us his description." " Well, sir, He was a shortish man, thickset, with square shoulders, gray eyes, big eyebrows, and a nose like a hawk. And he could think of the strangest questions to ask a body that ever I heard." " And you could think of as many lies to tell him as he asked questions ? Could you not, my good Kate?" " Well, that I could," returned the old woman, with an air of pride in her superior capabilities in thnt line. " What did he want to know most ?" " If ever I lived at Irvine Grange. If ever I had know a man by the name of Rupert Vale?" " And you told him, what ?" "That I had never lived there. That I had never heard of the place. That I did not know anybody by the name of Vail, and did not want 1 to." " Was l}e satisfied ?" " It's hard telling. He had that kind of a face sir, that waa hard like, summat like a piece of gran- ite-it didn't say anything to you. . He could keep his secrets, and I don't know whether he thought I was deceiving him or not." " I know the man." "You do. Who is he?" " Mr. Detective Smith, of the special force. A man to be dreaded. We must keep clear of him Kate " "Yee, sir. But what about the-the-Mary White, sir?" Vail glanced in at the bed in the inner room. The girl had not moved from the position in which they had placed her. Vail passed his hand absently over his forehead. Evidenty'the old woman's question was perplex- ing, even to him. He thrust back his half emptied cup with an impatient gesture. "I wish to Heaven I had never seen her," he ex-_ claimed. "Then why not send her home where she be- longs ?" " Put her in a basket, and leave her at the door of her parental residence with a slip of pappr pinned to her dress, reading thus, 'This is the child of honest parents. Be kind to her, and bring her up to be a good Christain, and a worthy member of society.' Is that your idea, my Kate ?" " Now you are mocking me. But why not let her, gohome ? What good is she to you ?" " That is my business. It is a risk to keep her but it is worth my while., And I tell you, Kate that so long as it is worth my while she will stay with me." " And if she dies ?" His face grew dark. He rose and paced the>41oor with impatient strides. The veins in his forehead / were purple and knotted, he struck his clenched" hand against the table, and the ring he wore on that mutilated little finger cut into (¡he flesh and brought blood. Vail cooled himself instantly and wiped the stain away. v-, " I will take all chances. Day after to-morrow I must go to St. Louis on business, and after that there will be a change. Wait for it, Kate, and take care of the girl. Is the old trap yet in work- ing order?" " In yon ?" she pointed toward the room where Mary White lay. " Yes. Could you work it in case of emergency,. "Oh yes. It ia perfect. The one thing my old man could do was to invent things, and when he himself used to do a little in the pilfering line, he invented this trap to let down into the cellar. And everything shut up tight above. Twice the police . was fooled when they examined the place. He, he he ! the old man was a rare one, when he wasn't drunk." " Spare me a list of the old man's virtues and graces. I know them all by heart. Well, then, I am going away. I shall take the horse with me. I shall leave the girl here until my return. Keep a watch on the doings outside. You can see the road for half a mile. If anybody comes, drop the trap before you let them in. And then lie as you so well know how, and Satan himself would be decieved." " Thank you, sir," said the old hag, gratefully. " Now then, I shall take a brief rest, until the night comes on, I will go into the stable. No, no,, don't trouble about making a bed." And Vail went out of the house, and left the old woman pottering among the kettles and pans. When night fell the arch villain, having looked in at the house to see how matters were progress« ing, and finding everything unchanged, mounted his horse and rode silently away. , The next day he was in St. Paul, and on the evening of that day he met Miss Lucia Ashleigh, as was described in the preceding chapter. 