CAMDEN COLLEGE. In the evening a public meeting was held in the Pitt-street Church, on Dehalf of Camden College. At the outset Rev, John Fordyco apologised for the absence of Dr. Sydney Jones, who was to have taken the chair, out was unable to be present owing to an attack of influenza. During the evening the Strathficld Church choir led tho service of praise, and also sung an anthem, " Aipha ana Omega," with admirable effect. The Chairman spoke of tho great need there was of training up a native ministry. They as a Church would be falso to the tra ditions of their fathers and, recreant to their faith, if they did not support an institution whose aim was to train men for the service of God. Iu these days there was necessity for an educated ministry. They wanted men of disciplined trained minds, as well as men imbucd"with the spirit of the Master. In fact what the Church and the world re quired was a godly, earnest, devoted, learned ministry. Rev, J. AI. Sands, an ex-student of tho College, said that the object of his address was to urge upon the consciences and hearts of young men tho claims of tho Christian ministry which was the noblest and best work ho knew of. Ho earnestly urged upon young men the neces sity of devoting themselves to some kind of Christian work, and after dwelling upon tho need of careful, patient training, pointed out ' with considerable force that the first qualifi cation for a minister was an experimental knowledge of tho love of God in Christ. Rev. J. G. Phaser, Warden of Camden College, spoko of the tone of hope which had permeated tho sit tings of tho Union, a hope which ho believed was well founded. Thero were several signs of the times, which should bo noted by all thinking men who had at heart tho good of their fellows. There was iu the present time a great awakening of questions which had for a long time past been suffered to slumber. Changes were taking placo in the trend of thought. In England and on the Continent philosophy was taking a new start, in some degree duo to that great man, Professor Green, of Ox ford. Then the social questions of the day were pushing themselves forward to the front and would not be denied. Thero was nowadays much wild, frantic theorising by men who were unable intellectually to under stand .what they talked about, lie honored the practical work done by practical men. but visionary theorising had never achieved aught but mischief. They heard men dis cussing individualism and socialism who did not know even what the words meant. It had been said that Christianity was a recon ciliation of contradictions, and it was so in that it showed how these forces, individualism and socialism, could be united. There were many deplorable sights to bo witnessed in Sydney which needed wiping but— sights in the broad glare of day and under the gaslight. They saw young men and old men, aye, and women too, hurrying to add their quota to the horrible vice ot gambling, which was eating out tho hearts of tho pooplo and blighting the hopes of this fair city. And there were darker question in social life which had to be asked which were affecting the well-being of all grades of society. In ancient history they read of abominations and vices which marked a nation and of terrible vengeance which over took them, and if they read the history of to- day tliey saw the same rcilectcd, uwd won dered not at heaven's verdict. If they ever .read the gloomy pages of the satirists of ancient Rome they could find a parallel to-day iu tho vices depicted and lashed so keenly. Still, in the midst of all this, they had some comfort. It had been tola in Holy Writ that a few righteous men might have saved a city from doom, and he thanked God that thero wero many praying hearts and willing working lianas in the city of Sydney, men who gave them the hope that the valley might yet be exalted and the mountain laid low and the glory of the Lord cover the earth. Their critics, sometimes too severely, had pointed out the vice which existed, but ho objected to tho vicious portion of the population being taken as a sample of the whole. They were certainly the most noisy, but they were not, thank God, representative any more than a noisy brass baud which played out of tune and drowned other sounds, was to be taken as indicative of the musical taste of the com munity. After alluding to the prevalence of gambling, obscenity and other vices, the speaker turned to the brighter side of the pic ture, and told of men who were patiently and unobtrusively striving to ameliorate the con dition of their fellows, daily taking up their cross and following Christ. Speaking on the ministry, he urged that learning and M discipline werd indispensable to a preacher of the gospeL A man without cul ture and training might be successful as an evangelist, but he could not be a true bishop of souls, who as St. Paul said must be 44 apt to teach," otherwise it meant not only de solation to his own soul, but desolation tc the (lock over which the Holy (Ghost had made him a bishop. The speaker concluded an able speecn with an earnest appeal to the women of the Church to heh> forward the cause of Christ and His Charon To-day ' the union have a heavy business paper, and hope to conclude their sittisgs- Tomorrow there will be a harbor excur sion. 