/' A NIGHT OF HORROR. A THRILLING EXPERIENCE. , On a Cathedral Roof. yj A Hair-Changing Episode— Con' demned to Slow Death— ! Funereal Chimes. |fAVE you never read of a person's hair r turning grey in a single night? Of course you have. The old Btory books are full of such tales. I can remember dozens of them, stories reeking with goro and dank with dungeons and gruesome with ghosts or other uncanny things. The . : heroine and sometimes the hero goes to ' . bed at night with bair as black as the raven's wing and along in tho night come the horrors, whatever they are, and in tho morning the raven hair has turned a snowy white. I can remember, too, that I never used to take any stock in such stories. I used to hear them read and get up quite a respect- . able thrill at the most horrible portions, es pecially when tho candle flickered awhile with a ghostly light and then went oat, leaving everybody in total darkness just as a deep groan was hoard or a long shudder ing sigh like tho wind through the weeping willows in a graveyard. Oil, yes 1 I was quite susceptible to touching passages like those; and I used to hurry up to bed and tuck my head under tho clothes and shiver with the most timid cf them. But some how or other I could not accept the hair- turning part of tho story. I knew that hair, blaok or whito, could stand on end, but that a good head of black lmir would bleach ; . itself out between dark and daylight was a little too much to swallow. j I know hotter now. I havo had a little '' experience of my own which — but perhaps it is best to tell tho story just as it oc curred. It was on the roof of the cathedral at Milan. Wo had climbed the stairs in t-.ha lato afternoon of a . beautiful spring day after paying the custodian the insignificant price iio asked for all tho glories visible from the elevated position. We had looked through the tcloscope — for another fee — and f : had each assured tho others that wo saw Mont Blanc perfectly well without for a | moment believing what the others said or i convincing them that we told the truth. ' And we had ended our climbs by ascending to. the highest point under the lantern — if it is a lantern — by tho corkscrew staircase, " which will scurcely permit any but the thinnest persona to pass when one is going up and the other coming down. We were a party of four, and when tho roof was reached the youngest proposed a : ratable over that portion of tho structure. To this all but myself assented. I was tired, and proposed to rest a while at tho foot of tho tower stairs, where the others wore to pick mo up on their return, so that wo might all descend together. This was satisfactory, and oil they started. For a time I was quite comfortable and ,| . : paid no attention to tho passage of time, but I suddenly noticed that it was getting dark and that my companions had not ro- : turned. I called to them firBt in a moderate j, tone of voice, then more loudly, but received : no answer. Fearing that they would be be lated on the roof I started in search of them. I walked the en tiro length of tho ridgo of tho main roof and peered down all tho side passages in tho gathering dusk, but caught V no glimpse of my companions. Then 1 de scended to tho roof of the aiBlo and made a search there, which was also fruitless. I ; became alarmed as the light failed and ran from ono point to another, calling out as I ran, until I found, to my great distress, that I had lost my way. I could ace far bolow mo the lights of the great oity and hear ths distant rumbling of tho carriages as they drovo past on tho stony streets, But I was as effectually lost for the moment as if I had bcon in tho hoart of an African jungle with- ' i out a compass and no Stanley on the alert to hnnt mo up. In the excitement and despair which tho consciousness of this fact producod t rushod about so wildly that I slipped and fell on a long flight of stono steps, wet with the dew which had begun to fall. I Was not conscious of any serious injury from the fall, but when I brought up at tho foot of tho stairs aud tried to regain my footing I found to my despair and horror that I was utterly unable to inovo my limbs. I was paralysed, The mental agony I suffered is incon ceivable. Yet curiously enough I spent tho first moments in speculating as to tho exact nature of the injury I had sustained. Had I broken my back or simply injured my spinal cord ? I tried to recall what I had heard my doctor friends Bay about injuries of similar character, but could not seem (o remembor anything definito. Tho words " tho fifth pair " flushed into my mind nnd appeared to connect themselves in some way with my condition ; hut whether it was the fifth' pair of nerves or ribs or of some thing clso I could not make out, I could not understand cither how I could havo been so seriously injured without any sensible shook ; but that my power of loco motion was gone there was no doubt. I oould move my hands, nnd I began to spcculnto on the number of things one could do with one's bauds alone. This occupied me for what seemed to be an hour ; but as tho train of thought was interrupted by a clock striking tho hour of midnight I con cluded it must hare been much longer and wondered I had not heard the preceding hours. Suddenly tho full horror of my condition flashed upon mo. I was not only doomed to remain where I was, helpless and alone, during the long, chilly hours of the night, but there was no certainty that I would ever get away alive. My friends would nevor dream that I was there. They had un- undoubtedly concluded that I had gone down, and if they missed mo would search everywhere but in tho right place. It might bo days before the particular spot in which I lay would be visited, and in that case it would be too late. Starvation would do for me, even'if tho injury I bad' received did not. In my anguish I shrieked aloud, but wnB dully conscious all the time that nobody could hear me. Visitors and custo dians alike must havo departed hours be- fore, and even if my cries were heard from tho streets below nobody would attribute them to their real source. To the feeling of acuto anguish succeeded one of blank despair. 1 no longer speculated on the possibility of being discovered dead or alive. There was a dull leaden feeling at my chest, and I found myself repeating mo: chanioally old rhymes nnd jingles, and say ing the alphabet backward, as I once learned to do in seeking relief from in somnia. Yet, at the samotimo, I was con scious that my wholo lifo was passing in re- viow before me, as they Bay it does when one is drowning or bointr hanged. I remem bered that saying, too, and without any cessation of tho review I wondered in my doubled consciousness if I were undergoing the sensations of a drowning man or of one being hanged, and wished I could put them down on paper for the benefit of the rest of mankind. What struck me as singular was that tho clocks kept on striking 12. The second time they did this I thought I must have lost cousciousness for an entire day, and that this was the Becond midnight. But when the third stroke of 12 came from half a dozen clockB I knew it conld not bo two days since I bad fallen. I thought first that I had become dem'eutod ; and then it occurred to me that if I were I could not reason about it in that fashion, so the clocks themselves must be crazy. This theory satisfied me until the striking began again, when I went off in another fantastic speculation. My friends had discovered that I was missing, and were having the bells rung to keep my spirits up. Oh, the loug, long, weary hours I spent in waiting for a glimpso of daylight. I bad no hope that dsylight would bring me any reliof, but the prospect of Btaying whore it was endlessly midnight seemed unendur able. I groaned and wept and dug my nails into the palms of my hands until it seemed as if the blood would come, but I did not oven feel any sense of pain. It must have been after the clocks had strunk midnight a dozen times or more— I kept no exact account — that I saw in the distance at what seemed to bo the further end of the cathedral roof two faint glimmers of light. Prosently there were two moro aud then two more until there was a regu lar procession of them, I tried to shout but had become so woak . with cold and suuering tnat x couia not raise my voice above a whisper. Tho lights nevertheless ap proached, growing gradually stronger until I could see that they were borne by several black-robed figures who waro marching besido a coffin. As tho procession moved slowly towards me I began to wonder what it meant and whether funerals took place at midnight on the roof of Milaii'Cathodral. Then I spooulntod a moment on tho propriety of disturbing tho obsequies even in my extreme need. Suddenly it dawned upon mo that this was my own funeral, and I know that I was either dead or had gone mad. In the supreme anguish of this discovery all memory of past suffer ing was blotted out and I entered on a new period of tho most exquisite torture. For tunately it was of brief duration. As tho foremost of the moving figures reached me I felt a grasp on my arm, and a voice called in my car : " Wake up, father ; it's time to bo going down, I guess you must havo bad your yoke turned." It was my daughter, aud beside her were the rest of tho party, flushed with their ramble on tho roof. I straightened out my cramped limbs, which muBt havo gone to sleep about the time I did, and pulled out my watch. I had been thoro just 15 minutes. I don't mean to be understood that my lmir really did turn grey in that night of horror on Milan Cathedral. In the first place there is not much of it, and what thoro iB lias been tolerably grey for somo years. But I do mean to say that I am no longor incredulous as to tho possibility of such a capillary ohango as tho story-books toil about. I am quito sure that if any man or woman really had just such an experience as I thought I had his or lier hair would turn grey, provided, of course, ho or she had any hair that was not grey already. 