CONFIKMATION AT CHRIST CHURCH. The Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, Bishop of BaDaret, assisted by the Rev. VT. Corson - Siggers, held a confirmation service in Christ Church last evening. The church was well filled- by membecs of the different denomina tions. The anthem was taken from Psalm 119. beginning at the 9th verse " Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way T.By taking heed thereto according to Thy ' word," and was very efficiently rendered by the choir. Afrer the usual church ser vice had been completed Dr. Thornton preached the sermon for the occasion, choosing for his text tiie words contained in St Paul's epistle to the Ephesians, chapter in, the 16th verse : — " Strengthened with might fay His spiiit in the inner man." He opened his sermon by saying that tie looked upon the rite of -con firmation, as a strengthening ocdinaaev. We - noticed in God's dealings with man that he gave him His blessingficst and then gave him 1 strengthening afterwards. When Jesus was with - Bis' - disciples, immediately before' hie ascent into heaven, he said to them,: "Receive 'to the Holy Spirit;" thin was Hie blessing, but when they -were gathered together ten days afterwords, the Holy Spirit descended 1 upon them and gava- tbem strength ' for the : work which' they wore to perform. So ft wee' with little children. They 'taoeived the Meeting of Holy Baptism; -and afterwords, when they arrived : at 'mature age,' they - required e foil confirmation of the blessing passed npon them in their - baptism. ' 'They wished to - confirm - and take' ' upoo themselves the promises made by their -god-fathers and god-mothers, and to dotiuefolly they required the strength of the Holv SDirit. Confirmation. therefore, was the on-soming of a strengthening j grace. He had been informed that the candi dates now before -him hod attended the prepare-, tion lsesbos with" a most praiseworthy xegularity , which was & proof of tbem s&oerity.; They weie no hypocrites who only -pretended, but they hod an earnest desire ;to con; firm, the- promises made at ; their bap tism, and to: take .upon themselves the responsibility of leading a godly file to the end of their.' day, aed .to be able to -do tins they were now seeking the strength of the Holy Ghost. The speaker then refeired to the Spirit hi its relation to. the inner man, Homng his re- marksfay saying that as the seven seels kept the Book so firmly closed that no oue ia Heavea or earth vru strong euough to open it but only toe Lamb," ...'an- ore. wanted .toe .sevenfold -Spirit of God to , strengthen us and give us that true ' fervour and glow - sad. love to - God in onr ;heart which would. enable os to walk-in thefear of the Lord. .His Lordship then appealed tb toe congregation -to pray to God tost He might send Hi Holy. Spirit upon, the caudidates present, to give them, strengtli -to carry. "out . their resoIutu<n of giving their hearts to God, After a most eloquent acrman the Bishop adminislered the rite cf confirmation - to, twelve female and four, male Candida tee, by. tiie laying on of hands and .blessing them. The doxology brougbtthis impressive ceremony ton close. . ... ' ' - - ,i 