THE GHOST CF THE ROCK. AS KXCiriNff CIlII'.ALTAIt TALE. It is just twelve years nine© I was ap pointed to tho command of a Subaltern's Guard at Fort Henry, one of tho outworks of tho fortrchs of Gibraltar. On a cold December night, a few weeks after my uppoilluuciii, WUIIU HI »»/ UMU- ciiair, I was suddenly alarmed by hoaring a loud noise outside tho door, and imme diately afterwards a soldier, fully accoutred, burst into tho Ton in, uavo an agonising shriek, aud fell bchboIcfr to tho ground. I raised him. An in definable terror was depleted on every fcaluro of his countenance, liis eyes rolled hideously in their blood shot Buckets, tho right bund clutched with a powerful grasp a loaded tnuskct, while the left pointed nt Home invisible object in the air. I recognised him nn the sentinel whom 1 had stationed in an archway leading from the cells in which some Guerrillas were confined on a chargo of murder. Totally unprepared (or such a scene, nnd cntiroly ignorant of its causes, 1 na turally concluded that somo dreadful cntaatronlio had happened. Aro tliero Spaniards iu the fort? Is there an insurrection among thu people? Havo thu prisoners escaped ? Theso wore tho first thoughts that rushed through my excited brain. At length I perceived ayniptomsol returning conscious ness in the man ; tho dimness whieh had ovevbhnded lu'scycs gradunliy dieappenrcd, his right band slowly relaxed its tena cious hold, and then, opening his mouth, ho cried out, " Tho ghost ! the ghost !" Relieved from the suspicions wliich had at first suggested themselves to my mind,. I nut him undcr.gunrd, and summoning tlm watch, inarched out, lest the prisoners might escape during his absence. Con trary to my auticipatiuua, the prisoners wuio still secure, ho 1 left one of tho men ut tho deserted post, nml was leisurely walking back when a shriek of terror burnt from thu nuw Kontinel. 1 turned quickly round, and saw 'him level Iub iminkct for a moment, but then, without firing, ho fled, accompanied by his comrades. Wondering at this strnngo conduct — as 1 ducincdit — I looked about ill extreme trepidation, for tho Heightened taoksof the hitherto undaunted veterans had com pletely aHtonifllicd me. My eyes naturally sought tho pluco to which tho fugitive uciitiucl had pointed his musket, and never did a more fc.n-incpiiing object meet tlm human vision than that on which my terror- struck ga/.o was now rivettcd. The uiaon, as it ahono brightly Into tho pnssuge, showed mo a human form, self- sustained in thu air, the arms of which were stretched out as if to enfold me within their grasp. It was clad iu a short tunic of transparent white, which showed greatly in contrast with thu darkness be hind. Tho head was not quite Revered from the body, but hung upon tho breast, , attached to the neck by a slight portion or.. II. JIIU I'WICII luuuuuo iu such a mannor ns clearly showed the bones had been broken in many places ; aud from thu severed neck a stream of crimson blood rushed over the white raiment. 1 had already almost reached my quarters when, thinking of the court- martial that would ensue, 1 halted. My breast lienved, my knees trembled, and a profuso perspiration rushed from every poro. Mustering all the energy that fear had lutt me. 1 slowly retraced my stops. Tho fueling of tho condemned convict, as ho paces be tween his cell and tlio gibbet, would be n statu of supreme bliss compared witbwhnt 1 suffered while endeavoring to collect every motive that could Ktimuliito mu to At length I stood trembling ami breath less on thu spot 1 hail quitted, Slowly I raised iny eyes, tiiidsliuildurinuly 1 closed them again in terror ; fur J beheld tliu sumo frightful objeel emerging ns it were from thu solid masonry. Jt now tluatud over my head, iu a horizontal posi tion. Tho brcust dilated and nivellcd as when one draws a heavy suspiration. No sound accompanied this hotrihlo motion. Despair gavo mu courage; At my foot lay tho riilo of the former sentinel. This 1 seized, aud cocking it. I viewed lite object of my fears mure earnestly. Assuming as military a tone ns my terror wuuld permit, I demanded, ' Who gnus tliero No answer. Again and again I shouted the challenge, though each time fainter and fainter. 1 now thought 1 could almost touch the spectre. Bringing llio gun tu my shuuldcr, 1 look aim. Tho thing was within a yard uf tho muzzle— 1 fired. The loud echo wns repeated it hundred fold, reverberating with a hollow smutd through the vuulted arch. Slowly tho breezo dissipated tho wreathed volumes of sulphuretted smoke, and thoro, fluttering wildly ltho an englu over his prey, and certainly now not more than "ft. Irom my head, was " the thing of fear and dread." Prompted by almost a supernatural courage, I sprang upwards, aud clasped it in my armu. The slight resistance which i encountered convinced inc that it was after ail no unreal shade, Dry terror van ished, and 1 became of a sudden strangely valiant. Sounds of liuuiau lifo wcru about mu ; tho prisoncm woro alarmod, nml talked loudly in their (juarturH. Lights moved towards nio from thu guardroom, together with tho sounds of measured footsteps. It wns the entire guard. Thoy marched in line, steadily, bayonets n In clinrgu, ami lo ! at my feel lay the ohjoct of tlio wurliko preparation# ! And what was it ? A shirt of wliilolitioti I which had been attached by thu sleeves to a drying Hue, extending from one tudo of the iirch to the the upposito one. To tho collar was pinned a red nightcap— tho battered head; a red string— the scorning stvctim of blood —stood out in bold relief against the immaciilato linen ; nnd a pair of stockings the juintlcsa legs dangled front llio ex tremity ! Need 1 raylliat tho court-innrtial pnnscd a lenient avntoncu on tho frightened iieiitiiiol who had quitted his post V Need 1 umimerato the jests aud gibus 1 endured front my brother officers I Tlio nick name " The Glmat Catcher" will cling to aw till I suit luid nt my grave. William Dkitmmond (in " Treasure Trove." 