AMUSEMENTS. THEATHK ROYAL. I ' The advent of Mr. J. L. Sullivan, the American champion, as a member of a dramatic company drew a very large audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, the stalls and gallery being crowded, and a fair muster of spectators in the circle including a number of ladies. The piece, '' Honest Hearts and Willing Hands," is mostly the adaptation of a novel, into which D. B. Harrison ha3 worked dialogue and scenes to atford the fistic champion an opportunity of appear ing in a suitable role. The piece is a melodrama of. the usual stamp, ?? with a strong dash of villany in it, vice and virtue meeting with suitable rewards in the last act. Except for some improbabilities, allowable on the stage', the play is a fairly good one throughout. The area villain is Arthur Dare (Mr. Charles Holloway), who not only robs but eventually murders his own father, General de Lacy Dare (Mr. Ireland). For this crime the patricide uses a pistol belonging to John Daly (Mr. Duncan B. Harrison), who is hounded down for. the murder, and has to go into hiding for a while. The brothers John Daly and James Daly (Mr.. J. L. Sullivan) are tenants of the elder Dare, who has threatened them' and their mother (Miss Herrick) with "eviction from the Range, where their ancestors lived before .them. This is done at the instigation of Arthur Dare, who is scheming to getjjossession of hisfather'sward, anheiress, Emily Poignsford (Miss Emma Bronton), who is betrothed to the elder Daly, John. Arthur Dare has pre viously taken from, her home Martha O'Neill (Miss Alice Deorwyn), the sweetheart of Jim Daly, but she has made her escape scatheless from his allurements and returns sorry and chastened to her humble home. , The Dalys keep the village smithy and work at their own forge, and the big brother Jim poses as the master of a set of harmonious blacksmiths, who sing "The anvil's clang," and other numbers written by Mr. Harrison. A rascally attorney, Teranee McNab (Mr. W. P. Sheldon), aids the murderer, Arthur Dare, in his schemes, and Teddy Hinton, of Layrock (Mr. Chas. Sea grave),, contrives'with the help of Nor ah Daly (Miss Madge Seymour) to raise ome hearty laughs occasionally by his comic love making. Retribution upon Arthur Dare and the attorney comes in the usual way, and Lieutenant Francis (Mr. Richard) and the sogers, .who have been hunting down Daly get possession of the real criminal at last. As an incident of the piece the ba.Ua games are celebrated, and one, Tug O'Brien: (Mr. Jack Ashton), is hired to dispute the title" of local champion with Jim Daly, with -whom he has a boxing set-to under Qiieensberry rales! in a roped arena, and is of course knocked out; by Mr. Sullivan at the end of three rounds. ^ The audience gave the champion a very hearty reception, and called him with the other: principals before the curtain at the close of each act. The curiosity to see so famous a pugilist; was evidently the strongest feeling amongst; the audience, "and while they enjoyed 'his: ? brusque speech and admired his muscular, figure they seemed to be actuated with a spirit of fair play-that Sullivan although an American should be .just as wellreceived as a colonial champion. Mr. Sullivan's attire in a dark velvet coat, knee breeches, and patent leather shoes is certainly somewhat incon gruous in connection with the character of a '. village blacksmith, but we suppose it was found necessary to adopt some such attire to show off his proportions, as Sullivan in ordinary "bags" would at. present look a somewhat burly figure.. The champion would hardly claim for himself the title.of a finished actor, but he acts his parb very well throughout. His figure is so massive that he moves about much as a statue of Hercules, would if it were invested with powers of locomotion. He speaks his sen tences in jerks, uttered in a deep bass voice, and when it assumes a thundering tone, such as; "I'll brain you if you don't dear out" the ' gallery-yells with delight, and seems only to regret that he doesn't instantly put his threat into execution. Although. Mr.. Harrison is himself a well set-up man, his big brother Jim looks a boss chucker-out and a dangerous character to meddle with, so that he fits in well with the situations where his muscular powers are brought into request. Great interest was taken in his set-to with Jack Ashton, and it was noticeable that the strong-right arm, which has yet proved invincible, amongst his foes, went out very straight from the shoulder, aud it would require a very good man even1 now to stand up for six rounds in front of Sullivan if he went into training to contest his right to'the title of the " champion of the world. _Specu Jation was rife as to whether Sullivan intends eventually to meet Frank Slavin, and interest, in the possibilities of such a contest is increased by the opportunity which is now afforded of seeing Sullivan perform in the ring. Jack Ash ton is no novice, and makes a very good glove .display until he gets his coup.de grace. The names of the various members of the company are sufficient to guarantee a good all-round :performance of the play, and "Honest Hearts and Willing Hands" will no doubt attract two more big audiences to- night and tip-morrow, when it will be withdrawn m favor of " The Goxidoliers." During the evening a presenta tion of a gold locket was made on the stage to Mr. Sullivan on behalf of Mr. L. M. Tier and other local admirers of the champion of "the noble art of self-defence." SATURDAY POPULAR CONCERT. The final'popiilai? concert of the season was given on- Saturday night, when there was a ? large attendance. It is satisfactory to know that the promoters of these concerts have this year reaped some little reward : for their patience and enterprise, and that the result 'of their labors has been financially successful. Fourteen concerts have been given,' the atten dance at which has aggregated over 14,000, while more than £400 has been paid away in' artists' fees. Every- effort, has been made to procure the best talent both in Adelaide and the other- colonies, and the result has been a . succession of musical programmes of unusual merit, well worthy the patronage .which has been so liberally bestowed. While these programmes have invariably included one or mora classical numbers, due regard to the popular nature of the concerts has been observed, and the result of the blending of the two has been singularly pleasing, while the success which has attended this series augurs well for the prosperous issue of next season's.concerts. Owing to the length of the programme on Saturday night'.the management notified that; no encores> would be , responded to, a wise precaution which might v«?ry well be observed, on other' occasions. TV<V C. P. James, a tenor, whose _ voice has' frv?cIuen^y been heard in Adelaide in amateur operatic performances, 'sang Adams's " Good Company fairly well, and with Mr.; "FT "R TTa^Ip." was heard in the duet, rrotn "iMaritana " "I wm Spain." Mr. James's vmce an W3 to havt lost that robust ness which ma^it so effective in Wallace's iriusio and is too throaty ^ .?Jfasul^ 72® sang "The white sqiall" success. Miss O'Sullivatf : gCve a PH'^PS rendering of Mattei's "Story lai*d> sang a mournful ditty entitled - -J:®T?? astore." Either song writers of day -are afflicted with an ever piv el". melancholy, or concert singers havs , morbid fancy for singing only those ballads which ' treat in a variety of shapes of misfortune and death, but certain it is that the average concert programme now-a-: days has in this respect a most depressing effect! upon the audience, and the sensitive listener: cannot but feel that he has been attending a well-conducted but gloomy succession of' funerals. The singer who will avoid this ?maudlin sentimentality and substitute some of the old time songs, which are full of life and ? vigor, deserves well of the public. Miss Lucy Stevenson sang "I cannot mind my wheel" with pathetic expression, and was also heard in the concerted numbers. The most successful of the vocalists was undoubtedly Mr. H. R. Holder, who gave a most artistic render ing of Abt's "Still is the night." Mr. Holder, who has a heavy bass voice, has acquired the power of modulating it very effectively, and the improvement in his method since the beginning of these concerts has been both marked and pleasing. The famous ses tetto from "Lucia di Lammermoor" was given by Misses Lucy Stevenson and O'Siilli van and Messrs. C. P. James, M. Marcus, H. G. Nash, and H. R. Holder. . Although the music proved a trifle too much for them the company , gave a fairly intelligent interpreta tion of this well- known number. A duet and chorus, "In days of lang syne," was_ more peculiar than attractive, the introduction; of j, " Auld lahg syne" with most singular har-J monies being rather startling than otherwise,; but as it served to bring the whole of the company on the platform and was given as a farewell- number- it was greeted with considerable applause. ? It was a happy idea of the management to engage Herren Vollmar aud Heinicke for this last concert. Both these gentlemen have been frequently heard during the Series, and to them much of their success isdue, for each hasa large: following of admirers, who lose no opportunity of hearing them in public. "KolNidrei," a solo for the violoncello with pianoforte'and organ accompaniment,, which was heard with so much - pleasure at a recent string quartet concert, was played on Saturday by Herr Vollm'afj Mr. C. J. Stevens, and Mr. C. J. Sharp,1 when it proved equally acceptable. Another solo, "O Cara Memoria," by the celebrated Servais, was beautifully rendered by Herr Vollmar, who surmounted the charac teristic difficulties of this brilliant writing with artistic ease and finish. Herr Heinicke' played Vieuxtemp's "Ballade et Polonaise":, with grace and feeling, and fully displayed his powers in the brilliancy of execution with; which he rendered this effective number. Mendelssohn's trio for pianoforte,- violin, and violoncello was given by Mr. C. J. Stevens and Herren Heinicke and Vollmar in a manner which called forth the enthusiastic plaudits of the audience. Mr. C. J. Stevens acted as " musical director and accompanist during the evening with his customary skill, being parti cularly effective in the latter department. CYCLORAJIA. There was another highly satisfactory atten dance at the Oyclorama on Saturday, both ; afternoon and evening sessions being well patronised. The musical interludes provided tend to pleasantly diversify the lecture de livered by the manager on these occasions, so that altogether a visit to this great picture now is well repaid. MUSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. The attendance of visitors at this illusion last Saturday both afternoon and evening was larger than ever. This is the last week of the illusion, which has been open eight weeks,: during which over 5,000 persons have passed the doors. . 