A True Bill. Dn. M. T. Wills, a recognised American authority ou cerobrul discuao and insanity writes : ' It is well for us to know, that tho emotious cause more unhappiuoss and oriino than any other function of the 'brain. Human beings are governed by their emotions, and it is well that they should bo, though it is emo tious that wear uwuv tho braiu. It is tho emotions such as anxiety, foar, sorrow and love. I oonsider that eight hours are sufficient for a man to uso his brain, because if ho exceeds that timo ho becomes nervous and frotful, ond an exhausted brain is an irritablo brain. You may not feel tho evil effects of tho stress of brain work at tlio time, but you will'socncr or later, when it will be too late. The men that work at nights with their bruins ure the ones that cxposo themselves to danger and death, which will surely come unless the great strain on tho miud is lightened. Any manthat negloots the first warning of a.braia or nervous system that is becoming oxhansted, overtaxed or about to break down, is not only a fool but a criminal. Theso sigus are not ihatiy, but they toll the story of ooming dangers, only too plainly. Headache, neuralgic pains about the head aud heart, sleeplessness, irrability of temper, unrofreshed sleep, dull eyes, nervous dyspepsia, heaviness of the liend, and stupid fooling after mealB, worry about trifles, unreasonable anger, tingling and numb ness in tlie limbs, oold feet nnd hands, flushed f:ice and burning cars, palpitation of the heart, and irregular, we-ik and unstoady pulse. When you note theso symptoms boware ; the brain andnorvos are about to break down, und it may be insanity, perhaps death.' , For all' such troubles we recommend Olbxknt'8 Tonio. This is a soiontifio speoifh, brain and nerve food, and possibly repairs the ravages of overwork, timo, diseaso, &c.; If Clement's Tonic was not gonuine, would the Kiaina ItarouTKR call it 'Tho remedy of . the day,' or the 'l'utnworth News say it was /' A itpebiflo'for all diseases of debility,' or the 'Goulburn Post say it was ' a Radical Cure,' or jthp ; Newtown Chronicle say it wax 'A Remedy of. upproved ofHoacy,' or the Nepean TikWcullit ?' A really' firet-olass Tonio,' or tlio Maolcay Aeous 'say 'It is a reliable article,' ortho Bulletin say ' It is a remedy of . the h ghost value,' or the Grat'ton Grip say ' Praise is superfluous,' or the Bingora Tkle gbapii designate it ?' A valuable medicine,' or tlio'PriESBYTEBTAN say, 'It oan be confidently preaoribed.' .Yet all these papers have printed these- words in, connection with Cleubkt's Tome, Tho press is far too consorvativo to bndorso'an unproved article, but we oan show ' hundreds of similatly eulogistio comments , framrthe press similar to tho above. We don't, need to guaruntco whon wo can got disinterested parties to spoak of Clement's ? Tbkio'as tlio journalists do. ' 'Clements' Tonio can bo had on application to, ^Clements' Tonic .Laboratories, New town, . N. S W., O. J. M'Rae, Cornlii, or W.' C. Rcnwiok, Liwnoro. ? 