THE FLOOD. \ At the time of. our going to press last week fears were entertained that the Snowy River was about to become the scene of another disastrous flood. .1 he continuous rainfall of the previous week had raised the river very nearly to flood level, and had inundated some of the lower flats, without, up to that date, having- done any serious harm. Late on Friday afternoon telegrams were received from Bombala to the effect that eight or nine inches of rain had fallen during three das, and that a big flood was coming down. The i threatening- -condition of the weather, ! and the river, had previously induced most of the occupants of the flats to remove their stock to positions of safety, and, on receipt of the telegrams referred to, no time was lost in securing everything, as far as it could possibly be done, in the event of a flood. At about hall-past ten on Friday night the river, which had been falling all day, became stationary ; shortly after the water commenced to rise gradually, and continued to do so till about live o'clock on Saturday morning when a great rush of water came down, putting the river up several feet in a few minutes: after that, the water rose ! at the rate of IS inches an hour, slack- ! ing ofl' to IS inches, and gradually ' rising at a slower rate until about four j o'clock in the afternoon, when the water! near the . township surmounted the! highest mark of last year's flood by J about six inches. The proportional i height of this and last year's floods ! varied at different places. At Mr. I Alick Cameron's, about two miles up the river, the water was seven inches higher, and at, Mr. Nixon's house, near the sawmill it was twelve incites higher, while at Mr. John Watt's farm it was nine inches lower, and seven inches- lower at Mr George llossaek's. The BrodribbRivei-had been heavily flooded a few (lavs rn-evinuslv' but had fallen very nearly to its ordinary level, as the rain wliicli occasioned the deluge in the Snowy fell chiefly in the northern watershed of the river, and had only very slightly eflbcted the Brodribb. This fact, no doubt, expedited the passage of the flood waters, and pro bably was the cause of the water being lower below than above the township. At about four o'clock the flood oanio to a. standstill and from that time receded slowly and had fallen about font- feet on Sunday morning. At this time considerable alarm was ex pressed on the receipt, of further telegrams from up county to the effect that the rain had been falling in torrents and that a still bigger flood was anticipated, and the fears were not by any means allayed when, about noon on Snnday, the river gave signs of rising again. The last rise did not. however, exceed 10 or 12 inches, aud at dark on Sunday evening the flood was again receding. Telegrams of a reassuring nature were received from Bombala and" the clearing up of the weather dispelled fears ol any further damage being done. On Tuesday morning tlie river was well within its hanks and the water was off all but the lowest of the flats on the river. RESCUE WORK. During the progress of the flood great anxiety was expressed for the safety of the families residing on the hanks of the l-iver, some of whom, not anticipating such a considerable rise, had remained in their houses until it was no longer deemed safe to do so, and boats had to be manned at con siderable risk for the purpose of taking them off on to higher ground. Happily, on this occasion there was no loss of \- life, but some of the escapes were . quite close enough. On Saturday the current in the river and over some ot .. the flats was so rapid that it was utterly impossible for a boat to live in j it, and some lionses had to be ap proached by a detour of several miles, others being inaccessible until the fury of the water had materially abated on Sunday morning. The attempted rescne of Mr. M. Webster and his family, who reside in one of the houses on the western bank of the river near the punt, created much excitement. The water was seen to be running with great force through the building and it was felt that some effort liad to be made to relieve the people from their un enviable position A boat manned by J. Hughes and Oscar Barry went to tlie rescue and succeeded in getting over the river, but, in approaching- the lionse, ran on a fern tree and were swamped, precipitating the men, one of wliom was unable to swim, into the water. They fortunately managed to get on to a log and finding out the shallow water waded about for some hours, being unable cither to reach tlie bridge or the house they had set out to relievo. Another boat manned by Messrs. J. J. Pleydell, E. Pleydeli, and C. Bruce then sot, out from a point \- higher up in one of the station pad docks and endeavored to approach tlie place from the west side, - but - alter some hours pnlling it was discovered that, owing to the fences, tlicy were unable to reach the two ' men or Webster's honse, and they liad to retrace' their way hack again. An attempt was also made to rescue .tlie men by Messrs R. .P.Cameron and J. Winchester who were proceeding to cross the bridge with ropes when the centre of the structure gave way and as there were no boats available the pro ject had to he abandoned. The two men ty Hughes and Bany were lelt in their i precarious situation until half-past one on Sunday morning when, tlie water . having fallen somewhat, they were able \- to get close to Webster's house and were hauled into it by means of a rope. The whole party were safely taken off by Mr. Ploydell s boat on Sunday .- . morning. < \ ' Mr. Nixon and family had also to he . removed in a boat after the flood had ,A" . penetrated the house, hut most of the other residents on the flats had found quarters among their friends in Orbost or Nowmcrella before the deluge came down. ' . ; After the bridge gave way much anxiety was felt for the safety, of two men who were left surrounded by, water on the western approach to it. The current there was so strong that a bullock waggon, the property of Cameron Bros., was washed into the river, and Mr A. Richardson's house, with the furniture and all its contents, were thrown down " and carried away, j The bank also was falling in in- several I places, and it seemed not at all im- I probable that the small island on which 1 the men were standing might at any ' moment collapse bodily into the stream: '< | fortunately any such calamity was j averted, and, whatever may have been j the damage to property by this un- fortunate visitation, it is a matter for j thankfulness' that no human lives have I been lost. The position of the family j of Mr. J. J. Thomson was very critical; I owing to the continuous falling in of j the bank, the river had encroached j about 60 -feet at this place at the last i flood, and on this occasion the bank ; collapsed to such an extent that the j roadway has entirety disappeared, to- | getlier with about ten feet of Mr. ! Thompson's garden. The barn was pulled down aud removed to prevent it falling into the river, and the situation of Mrs Thompson and her children may he easier imagined than described, until by the help of so lie of their neighbours they were removed to a place ot safety. On Sunday morning a boat manned bv Messrs H. James, D. Munro, F. Gill, J. Nixon, and Dugahi McDonald went down the river and visited the houses ; thev rescued Ah JIaug and .three other Chimunen from a but on the bank, but fonnrl that the remainder of the residents, though the water had been iu some of the houses, were safe enough. 11,;: THE WilDGE. T rum the comnieiicemgnt .of tlie flood speculations were rife as to the effect it would have ou .the Snowy River bridge. This structure was approaching completion, and already formed a very great convenience to loot passengers crossing the. river. In the course of a few days Mr. Grantor anticipated having the decking suffi ciently fin- advanced to allow the coach to pass over, and the Snowy River people generally, who for so many years had endured the dehty and in convenience of the punt, were con gratulating themselves that this source i of trouble would soon cease to exist. ' The long wailed for erection was being well and carefully bnilt by the con- j tractor, an it was hoped that, even in j the event of our experiencing- snch an j exceptional flood as . that of last year, ! the structure would be strong enough ; to stand the pressure. . .; For a long while it seemed as if these expectations, were to be fulfilled : a number of j willing hands were 'busily at work j fending off the logs and "rubbish, and ! the flood had attained considerable j height before their efforts became'! abortive. At that Time -a big log got j across two piers on the western side, I where the rush of water was strongest, j and as the strength at command was powerless to remove it, the timber and j l-ubbish rapidly accumulated, blocking j ui bay after bay until the main force j of the current was turned into the j middle of the river. "Wheu the water ; rose higher immense numbers of logs and trees floated down, most of them ; were drawn under the floor of the bridge I while others were precipitated right over it. At about four o'clock, when ! the river was at its highest point, the structure had so far resisted the pressure successlulty,. and appeared to , onlookers to be about 'lo weather the j flood but just at. that iiine . one or two i extra heavy logs came flown and four or five bays gave way aud crashed out j of sight. into the stream.' 'Subsequently j a farther part appears to have broken i away aud there is now a gap of 150 ; feer, equal to one-third of the bridge. It will be difficult, until the river is low, to state the actual cause of the downfall, but it appears as Though the current had washed the earth away from the piles and carried piers and superstructure away. The suggestion made in our last issue to utilise the snugging punt for the purpose of keeping the waterway clear anight, had there been an opportunity to carry it out, hayo effectually protected the bridge from injury, but there is rip question that in the event of such a I flood .occurring again some modifica tion will have to be made in the 1 construction before ;it can 'reasonably, I be regarded as safe. Tlie erection, of j fender piles, which was ("contemplated i by the council and ; which would have j turned the logs end. ou tp tho current, | might have been effectual, arid from j the- way the structure held out oil Saturday it appeared that if the floor laid only- .been a foot or two higher in the centre it. might have held its ground. A low-level bridge has been suggested as one likely to answer the requirements of the traffic and not to : . be materially effected by floods, bat a better suggestion seems to be to bridge ( the present gap with two or three , wide spans, protected by fender piles and the floor over that portion to . bo raised a foot or two higher than , the other parts of the bridge. With reference to the damage dono there appears to he some question as to whether Mr. G ranter or the council will have to bear this loss : it has been stated that the contract provided that all risk of flood .damage was to be taken by the contractor, but the latter appears to demur to that statement, and we are not in a position to say what the actual situation is at the present time. It is to be hoped that, in the event- of a. re-construction being determined on, some reasonable com promise will be arrived at between the two parlies and the Government, who, having subsidised the bridge to the extent of about one-half its cost, j are also interested in the matter. Since writing the above wc have been informed that the "punt is sup posed to have been carried away just previous to the downfall of the bridge ; the bullock waggon and a quantity of logs loft on the bank by the snagging party went about the same time, and possibly the obstruction caused by | these in addition to the accumulation | of timber was the last straw that broke i the back of the structure. J THE JIAIZE CROC. \ Tlie disaster could not possibly have happened at a worse time as far as the maize crop is concerned. At the June flood of last year the cobs were nearly all picked, but owing to the ploughing having been delayed by that visitation . tlie maize tins year was one or two j months later than usual ; the wet j weather had also delayed picking ; operations, and in consequence very i little of it had been harvested. A small portion was in the barns or waiting to be carted from the pad docks, but the bulk of the crop was standing. This has been nearly all covered with water, and will sustain damage to some extent. There does nbt appear to have been a great deal swept, awav, but a quantity of last year's maize, which, was awaiting shipment, lias been flooded. .Messrs, Cameron Bros., of Gleiiuvon liad two hundred bags saturated in tlioir barn and ouohnndrcd bags or so of maize were similarly damaged at the landing. Ah Sang, more unfortunate thau either, had his entire barn with a quantity of maize in it topple into the river. The total area nr.der maize amounted to about 140" acres, from which a yield of 40,000 bags was expected as the crops this season wore unusually fine. The value of the yield might be l-onglily estimated at £25,000 besides the stocks of last year's crop which were held over. The greater part of this will be more or less affected by the- flood and it will not be possible to i. calculate the full extent or the damage j until tho growers are in a position to : judge what they can do with it. Those : fortunate enough to have a good supply of pigs will net. be so badly off, but as there will not be nearty suffi cient porkers to consume the lot most of the growers will have to make the best shift they can to clean and dry tho cobs. Some of it no doubt will come out all right, and the remainder will have to be sold as damaged at a reduced price. On the whole wc are led to take a more hopeful view of the result than appeared possible a week ago and ex pect that more than half the maize crop, at the very least will be realised on. This still leaves margin enough" for an enormous loss, but tlie credit and vitality of Orbost are good enough to sustain that and wait for a better year to make np the losses of tlie last twp unfortunate seasons. THE RIVER DANKs. A large quantity of the river bank on both sides has been taken awa3r, necessitating the removal of Thomp son's barn, as above referred to, and approaching so near to the house on the same farm that it was contemplated to remove that also. At Mr. Jas. Hos'sack's, in the same locality, the river has encroached sufficientty to threaten the uiigulfmont of his house and barn aud, along the banks, acres and acres of the most valuable soil have been carried awa-. At tho western approach to. the punt, the water, which carried iuray Mr Richardson's house and household goods, has played sad havoc with the river, and ten or twelve feet of the bank has gone in for a con siderable distance, precipitating into the stream some ot ttie logs wincn naci bceD piled up by the snagging party. This demolition of the high banks is one of the most alarming features of the disaster and requires prompt action for. their protection by the encourage ment of vegetation of some kind to resist the wash of the water. The river, which, when settlement first appeared here, was not half its present width, is increasing at every flood, widening and shallowing the channel and precipitating huge trees into its bed, thus materially affecting its utility for purposes of navigation. If the present course of things is not stayed it seems probable that the banks will disappear entirely, to be replaced by bods of barren sand. MINOR- 'C.VSUALITIES. So far as wc are able to learn there has not been much stock of any kind lost. The greater part of the cattle,1 pigs and horses were in places of safety-, in good time, and excepting in one place where a .farmer' was unfortunate enough to lose a lot of pigs, losses of this description, which weie very heavy last year, have not been Serious. A great deal of fencing lias been des troyed, and the silt will .'render a good many acres of grass useless for a month or so. . : : 1 Mr J. Roderick while crossing the flat between the river and Cootc & Herbert's paddock hiul a rather narrow escape, being: swept with bis horse over tbc fence on Saturday morning aud regaining- terra firma, with con siderable difficulty. A horse, the pro-; pfcrtv of Mr. H. James, having slipped his bridle essayed to cross the .culvert on the main road road- and was swept a distance of' about; 100 yards into '.Mr. Cameron's paddock, wlierq ; lie was fortunate enough to get ashore, probably the most astonished liofsc in Croajingolong. The snagging punt was stranded by the flood, necessitating the removal of the engine and dismantling the rest of the gear to get her into the water ' again, and last but not least the poor old punt which, in the expectation of \ the early completion of the bridge, it had become the custom io treat with j that, contempt and disregard with which ; ungrateful masters are wont to treat I their worn out servants, was suuk and ! borne off nobody knows where. The services of the punt were appraised at a much higher value when the bridge collapsed, and it was felt that the man who could bring it into life Again and reinstate it at the post of honor would be a public benefactor. ' tiie mails. There has been a little delay in the mails during the past week and as they had to be taken on horseback a larg-e quantity of newspapers were left behind at Cuning'hame. The .con tractors nevertheless deserve tlie great est praise for the manner in which they have carried on their work under such difficult circnmstances. On Sun day owing to the flooded state of Hospital Creek Mr, Middleton had a narrow escape, being washed with both horses ofl the culvert into the n'roclr Those who are acquainted with the state of that watercourse in flood time will agree that he was extremely for- tnnate in getting ashore. No mishap occurred on this" occasion bnt it is to be hoped tho mailman will not bo called upon to risk his life in this manner again. The coach has not been running since 'Wednesday -vvock.- ------ The Bendoc mail did not come through on -Monday night but arrived two days after. the entrance. Tt was hoped that the superabun dance of water whatever harm might have been effected would at any ride have caused a marked improvement to tlie entrance of the river. Our Mario ' correspondent, however, informs us that the opening is about a mile wide and correspondingly shallow at the present time, so that the result will not be noticeable till the water lias subsided to its normal' condition onee more. During the rough weather there a very unusual phenomenon, a waterspout, is said to have occurred, reference to which wiil be found in our Mario correspondent's letter, THE TELEGRAPH. For some reason the weather tele grams which were formerly received from bonioala- aud posted at the Orbost Posh Office had recently been discon tinued. It had been understood that arrangements had been made with the telegraph department to allow of this being done but just at a very critical s time the messages were peremptorily stopped by one of the officials in the head office and, subsequent!', consider able delay and difficulty was experi enced in getting news of tho state of the jweather up countiy. The tele- , grams to halid up to Satnrdav" after noon were of a reassuring character arid it was thought there was no further danger until later in the same evening when messages were received stating that 8 or 9 inches of rain liad fallen in the last three da'S and that a big flood was coming. Two or tlu-ee ho$u-s after the river began to rise. It would be a great boon to this district if i-eg-nhu- wires were- received stating the number of inches of rain fall each da-, it would then bo possible to calculate pretty nearly on the re sult and would prevent so many false alarms which are likely to do incalcul able injury. Residents who have been time after time frightened out of their holdings for nothing are likely to dis regard the warning when real danger comes. THE RAINFALL. The rainfall at Orbost during the past mouth, although there was not at any time exceptionally heavy vain, amounted to 8.99 inches, which is the heaviest of any month for several years past. The gauge for June, 1890, only registered 7.28 inches but there wcrfi not nearly so many wet days in tlie month. Hie local rainfall has of course very little to do with the flood, bnt is a reliable indicator of the weather up country from which the flood waters come. Tlie floods have been general in tlie southern districts of New South Wales aud also to .a less extent in all parts of Gippland. THE EXTENT OF THE DAMAGE. The damage to the roads and river ' frontages will, no doubt be a great obstacle to traffic and will put the shire to much inconvenience in the present straitened condition of the funds. The Snowy River people should have some claim on the con sideration of the Government, seeing that although large sums were granted to some municipalities to repair the flood damages ot last year, the Tambo Shire, one of the most deserving ap plicants, has not as yet received a six pence for that purpose. Compared with the flood of last year, when a large quantity of stock was destroyed, tlie district has been very, ffii tu n a re in that respect,- bnt. no doubt on this occasion ranch greater - . injury has been doue ;to the maize. . .The "water however receded quickly and a few weeks fine weather veil enable, much of the damage to be. made "good. On Saturday afternoon it ap peared as if the. whole crop would he . .s.- totalty destroyed but every following, day jiut a better . aspect on the pase, ; and - the farmers have reduced, -.tlio : ; estimate oE their losses from day to: ,: >; day until in many cases it is regarded, as comparatively small. In the event. . of the proceeds of the yield being reduced by one-half, the growers col- lectivfely will not be in a worse position than those inv other districts, who under the most favorable- circum stances would regard 50 bushels to the acre as a splendid crop. No doubt there will be very severe losses in I some individual cases, a fact winch is I great! v to he deplored, but to the | district generally the injury will not I prove so serums as some ol out alarm- ' ists endeavor to show. Much is gained ! hv looking at. flic bright side of things ! aiid making the best of a bad job and | wo have not the slightest doubt, that . Orbost. will triumphantly recover from j the effects ot this disaster before a | very long period has elapsed. " 4 .'"V ».' . ; . v" r Supplement. — A supplcincnfeisissned ; witli tiiis number of the Mail eoutain- ; ing full particulars witli .reference to the recent flood. Crowded out. — We regret that we are uuable to find space in tin's issue for the letter signed, " For the public Weal." Clerk of Courts. — Mr Edwin Cox. has been appointed Clerk of Courts at Bcndoe. Orbost Progress Association. — The monthly meeting of the Progress Association is advertised for Tuesday next at S.p.ni. Revision Court. — The court for revising the voters' lists for the Shire of Tain bo will he held at Nowa Nowa on Thursday, 10th July. The list l'or the Snowy River hiding may now be inspected at the Orbpst Post Office. Tiianks. — Mr. M. Webster desires ns to convey the sincere thanks of himself, wife and family to Messrs J. Hughes, Oscar Barry, .j. J. Plevdell, E. Pleydell, and C. Bruce, for the generous efforts 'made to rescue them from their house during the Hood. | Sin re Severance. — A meeting of i the severance committee will be held at ; the Orbost Club Hotel at two o'clock \- this afternoon, when instructions will be given as to forwarding the memo- j rial for severance to lhe Minister of Public Works Police Court. — At the Orbost Police Court 011 Monday, before Messrs , Henderson and Temple J's.P., Tlios. j Gowan was fined 10s. for being drunk j and disorderly. On Friday, befure the j same bench, Michael Long was fined j 20s. on a similar charge. Shire Elections. — Mr A. R. Ralston of Brut- hen lias consented to stand for the vacancy in the Brutheii Riding of the Tambo Shire caused by the death of the late Cr. Maedoug'all. There is | not the slightest doubt that Mr. i Ralston has the requisite experience J and ability to make a first-rate conn- j cillor. j Gove n km k>:t Land Sale. — We are instructed that the Government Land I Sale, which has been advertised to he held at Orbost 011 Tuesday next, 7tli inst., has been postponed to September. Messrs E Watt and Co.'s sale of Mr. R. McNair's property has also been held over to the same date. Teleiuione to Ma iii.o. — Our corres pondent at, Mario stares that the long promised telephone would have been a great boon to residents in that locuhfv dunng the flood. There is not the slightest doubt that the telephone would have proved of rlie greatest value and mnrht be made instrumental 111 savilig life and propertv. If is a scandalous shame that this work has not yet been effected by the Govern ment. Lakes Entrance. — It is reported that a sandv bar has been formed across the channel at the Lakes Entrance which impedes navigation. The flood waters which have passed through recently, have not interfered with the piers 111 any way, and it was hoped that with a, change of wind the bar would bo renewed. Lake Tyers lias been running out very strongly, and Orbost passengers have to Doat across. quipping. — Owing to the flood tile steamer IS ell towed the schooner Orbost up to the bridge last week and the cargo of the Orbost was discharged there 011 Monday and Tuesday last. The schooner left ior Mario about the middle of the week preparatory to sailing for Melbourne. Lhe ketch Endeavor was anchored at the entrance on Thursday and was expected to get- to the landing yesterdav. New South "Wales Election. — The result of the elections 111 the neighbor ing colony up to date shows, Minis terialists, 42: Opposition. 02; Labor. 2'.) ; Independent, 4. Divided on the fiscal question the numbers arc, Pro tection, 76: Freetradc, 61. There are onlv lour more scats to ho decided. Messrs Miller and, Dawson, the old members for Monaro, have been re elected by substantial majorities 1 he Missing Punt. — A rumor was 111 circulation, during the week, mat the punt had been found stranaed near Mario. It appears to have been the Brodnbb punt, which had also got loose, that was found. The Orbost punt had not come to light yesterday afternoon, but the men who were engaged cleaving the rubbish from the bridge, were under the impression that tliey had sounded it among the debris. Appointment. — G. D. Perry is gazetted Clerk 01 Petty Sessions at Orbost, vice Sen-Const. Clark relieved. The appointment, which cannot by any stretch of politeness be termed a popular one. has occasioned some sur prise, as the first ajtphcation for the position was sent by a gentleman who did so at the request of the then Police Magistrate, Mr. J. S. Coojicr. and was also recommended for the position b) two. of the three local justices. Tiie Rainfall. — The rainfall fov June, as taken bv Mr James Cameion, Lochiel, amounted to S.99 inches, which is the heaviest, tor any month Since April, 1880. The corresponding month last vear reached 7.28 inches, and June. lN39, registered 4.8b inches. The heaviest rain experienced during fclip. month was on the niirht ol Satui- . day, 27th Jnne, when 1.G9 inches fell in seven hours. The rainfall at Goon.- gerah, as registered b\ Mr. Hamilton -Reed, for June was 11. S3 inches, as compared with 14 inches lor J une 1890. Reply to Ratepayer. — We have re ceived a reply from Antr-Humbug to Ritenaver's letter rn our last ismic. s ;..: Ttro writer states that anyone who was present in. Court could have seen that . tli s Council had not the ghost of a show i the punt accident case, and reiterates the assertion, that if it had not, been 1 for the action of the P. C. H. P. O. L. the claim would- have been com promised at a saving of about £60 01- £70 to the Riding. The matter does not require any further ventilation, to enable the public to form an opinion on the merits of the case. 