Local and General News. -0 TALLAROOK..-Among the prize-takers at the Royal Agricultural Society's Show, now taking place in Melhournre, we notice the name of MIr. Dennis Ryan, Sugar Loaf Creek, Tallarook, who takes the 2nd prize for a thoroughbred horse. ILLNEss.-We regret says the ' Seymour Telegraph "to hear that Mrs. D. C. Ca:meron is seriously ill, and that little hopes are en tertained for her recovery. The good lady has reached close on 70 years. It appears to: be a general breaking up of the system. Many years ago Mrs. Cameron resided in this township. CRICKET AssocIATIoN.-In view of the great success that has attended the tourna ment, now concluding, of the North- Eastern Football Association, we venture to suggest to our " knights of the willow " the desir; bility of holding a meeting for the purpose of forming a cricket associatin. We be lieve the affair could be arranged with very little difficulty and trust those in:erested will take the matter up at once. SALvarsoO Anrv.-There was doubtless considerable disappointment experienced last -nu,?o.ry evrnng ny r?OSe'who are in the habit of attending the meetings of the Army at the Mechanics', on finding there was to be no gathering. The Armyare so regular n:d persistent in their operations, and so seldo i allow their meetings to be frustrated by any obstacle, that it should be stated the reason for the omission, was the fact that the hall was unavailable. The services will take placeas usual in the futuoe. LocAL OPrroN.-An official notification of the Local Option compensation awards in the Broadford and Reedy Creek cases, appears in the current issue of the "Gazette." The amounts agree with an announcemer.t we made a month ago, and the notice dates from the 21st August. Those interested are requested to observe that the awards will be payable one month from the issue of the notice, or on the 2est September -presumably at Kilmore-and at the ex piration of 21 days following that date, the houses will be closed. ENTERTAINMENT:.-It is announced by posters that a lecture on " Music and Poetry" will be delivered during the second week of September in aid of the Mechanics' Institute To make the subject interesting, there will be interspersed pianoforte solos, songs, and operatic selections, and from the musical reputation of the lecturer, Mr. Joe Jones, and the object of the entertainment, the affair should prove a success and a hand. some addition tp the funds of the Mechanics' Institute. FELLOWSHIP Mnt ?TINO.-The interest in the Presbyterian Fellowship Association is still admirably sustained. Mrs. Brown's paper on " Almsgiving " which through illness she was herself unable to read, was rendered by Mr. Brown at the last meeting, its suggestiveness provoking much animated comment. It dealt, among other aspects, on the need of this important grace being unos. tentatious in its character and accompanied with a genuine Christian spirit. It may be interesting to state that in addition to other active agencies, the society hasoundertaken the work of imparting religious instruction in State schools. DISASTROUS FIRE AT REIDY CREEK.r-A seriously distructive fire broke out at the Stables of Mr. Penna, carter and contractor of Reedy Creek, somewhere about midnight on Friday last, and which resulted in the loss of three valuable drauglt horses; 7 sets of harness; a load of pro vinder and the building itself.. The fire, which was not observed until three o'clock on Saturday nmorning, was first noticed by Mr. Lloyd, engineer, who, from the mill at the Crown Mine, saw a sudden blaze in the vicinity of McManus' hotel, and hurried to the spot, but the discovery was too late, as everything by this time was demolished. The three horses, which were beautiful animals, and highly prized by the owner, had perished. One was found near by in a shallow pool, having broken from its tether, and had fallen dead there in its mad attempts at escape. The other two were found within the area of the stable, one charred almost to a cinder; the other unrecognisable from its burns. The total loss is estimated, we learn at about £130; and the property was unin. sured. The greatest sympathy is felt for Mr. Penna, who is well known in the neigh. borhood, and on whom this loss will fall with crushing severity. Nothing so far, has been gleaned as to the origin of the conflagration, which is mysterious, as the only person known to have visited the stable that evening was Mr. Penna himself, but he left at about II o'clock on Friday night, and the fire was not discovered until about 3 on Saturday morning. J. S. oraown has a splendid assortment of new Spring and Summer patterns for Suits to measure, and recommends early selection. \--[EAT.] TenDERS.-ln another column tenders are invited for the right to graze for a period of 12 months, a paddock of. i8oacres, the. property of Mr. G. WVaite, Mia'Mia, Broad ford. DRlvans' CenRTIFICATas.-It is announced that applications for certificates as engine drivers, will be received until the loth. Sep tember next, by the Secretary for mines, Melbourne. TiE \VooD TRAny.-The wood trade which is one of the stable industries of I/road ford, and which has been so depressed this winter, is beginning to show unmistakable signs of returning briskness. During the past week the truck accommodation has been too limited to carry off the orders in course of execution, still as many as 40 waggons were sent away. SANITARY OFFrnCe.-John Stanford, of Broadford, was charged before the Kilmoru Police Court on Thursday, 2oth inst., with failing to comply with sanitary regulations. The accused, who did not appear, sent a letter acknowledging the offence, and the P.M., Mr. Keogh, fined him 3os., with 30s. costs. THe SUNDAY CREp.K.-The banks of the Sunday Creek are just glorious with floral beauty. The wattle lis blossoming with abundant profuseness everywhere, and from its yellow, oderiferous flowers, swarms of busy bees are continuously flying, their legs loaded with pollen, presenting Ia scene worthy a two miles run from Broadford to witness. JaWELLTERY.-Residents, we are sure, will be heartily glad to know that we are to have a jeweller in Droadford at last. Mr. W. Menzies who has the reputation of being a first-class practical watch-maker has decided to open business in High street, and intend to display a select stock of clocks, spectacles and gold and silver ware, at prices lowve, than at Melbourne. For further particularr of which the reader is referred to our advers tising columns. Fun.riTURE.-In Our advertising columns will be found a detailed reference of the Furnishing Warehouse of Mr. j. A. Ross, of 420 and 431 Brunswick street, Ftzroy, who invites residents of Dlroadford who may require any kind of household requisites, to call and inspect his large and varied stock. Mr. Ross is well known to Broadfordians, having spent most of his early life on the banks of the Sunday Creek, which will add interest to the fact that his goods are sold at an exceptionally low price. MININo.-At a meeting of directors of the Langridge and Doyle's company, held on Saturday afternoon, it was decided to invite tenders by Saturday week for driving west Soft., more or less, at the 25oft. and 32oft. levels, north-east of Langridge lease. Every. thing is now being got ready at the mine to carry out the work referred to as vigorously and as expeditiously as possible, and the belief that the gold will be secured in about 4olt. of driving is very general. BUTTER EXPORTATION.-It is expected that there will be a large amount of butter available for export to England during the approaching season, and accordingly the Secretory for Agriculture is making arrange ments with the l'. and O. and Orient steam. ship companies for carrying shipments at regular intervals. Last season considerable difficulty was experienced owing to the absence of the necessary refrigerating space on board several of the vessels of each com pany. In view, however, of the large in. crease in the exports this defect has been remedied, and the department will there fore be in a position to forward shipmuents in regular order. REEDY CREEK SCHOOL•.-On the Itth inst. the al-ove-named school No. 2234. was examined for results by the district inspcctor ((Mr. McOwan). Therewere 51 scholars pre sent at the exanuinati in. and the percentage obtained was 91. In his report the inspector states: "The buildings are clean an l tidy; the classification approved of. The instruc tion is generally of a sound character, and the examination shows that diligent and painstaking work has been the rule. Very goad progress has been made since last ex amination. The object lessons should be made to take as concrete a form as possible. Moral lessons known fairly. Discipline and tone; good. Class drill and singing; satis factory. Records prepared to date. Mr. Mitchell deserves credit for the substantial progress made in this school." Three seholars in fourth class obtained certificates. It may be added that at the time of the ex amination, the master (M?r. William F. Mit chell), had been in charge of the school but four months. THa Snow.--Iis Excellency the Gover nor attended the Royal Agricultural Society's lunch, held yesterday on the show-ground at Flemington. The toast of " The Gover nor " was proposed in very happy terms by Mr. McGregor, the president of the Society, and his Excellency's reply was of an inter. esting and practical character. Ile thought that agriculturists, in not breeding good carriage horses, were neglecting a very im portant trade. There were numbers of people in this city who were ready to buy such animals. and there was also a good market for them in India and Great Britian, where they often brought as much as from 2oo to 250 guineas each. When in England he had often tried to purchase carriage horses direct from breeders, but found the dealers were always before him, and that they could only be bought at very high prices in London. Regarding Australian wines, he said he had that day for the first time tasted locally-made champagne that he could really enjoy. He thought the manufacture of champagne would pay well, but it would have to be put on the London market as first-class Australian champagne, not as second- class European. He took occasion to correct a statement that he had purchased a squatting property in the colony, attribu. ting the rumor to his possibly having had a terrible air of proprietorship about him when he was at Ararat lately. RIFLE ISPECtIOs..-On Saturlday afer. noon last, thie en of tiheoIncal detachmnPnt of thie Victorian Mounted Riflos, undle-enst a tlhorngh inspection bIy Major lnfad. the well.known and popular eommander of the regiment. Thire men, some eleven in nunmler Were ira·wn up on the drll grointl woar thie Dry Creek, unler the iinumedite, chailo of Lieut. I.loyd, and Sereeont Mlalor Stenhonuse, the latter of whom nas their Dr:ll Sergeant has been workine withl unremitting entnhusiasm to brinte them to thne highltest proficiency. Thie major who came fram Mellonrne for the espe-clnd pItr pose, lput tnhe men through a seis of evoun-t. tions of an interesting aolI veried chlnatter and at the ron,'lusion addlressedl thim in com li!imentanry terms, lla,ling tintlrlenlaly to the slplendid eixettional alnihty shtonn in thie lorse drill.-One interestin featuntre ,of event was the winning of a prize of ft offered by Lient. Liudl fPint the ilan who should appear on ptrade in thIe snmarntest finere. This dolultes esrited mlsilerbnl, emulation, c-uipled withl thie honor whicht also attachles to it. After considerale d?utill renlty and delay the choice of the ndjinliector fell uplon privato tacob Neill, who was de srverdly thesuhject of many congratunlations, hath from ois eomradeo n From rivilians. A section of the detachmecnt intenl to pgo to Benalla to take part in the Military Tournament which takes place there on next Friday. ThIe names of the men are privates P. Bidstrup, Shnrkey, J. Notll andJolln Neill. ThIey will bo accomupanicd by Licut. Lloyd. Thie hopes of thIe men are high, and judging from their past suenss, we ntoay venture tohopo they will meiutaiu the honor of Broaldford on that occasion. Da you know that J. S. Brown sells Sewing Machiue Oil.-t[Amr.] A Gtaosr.-Last Sunday evening as Mr. 'Ted' Sheppard was returning home from a service at the Wesleyan Chapel, Sunday Creek, he was sceared for a moment by the sudden appearance (?) of a ghost which darted across the road in the darkness before him. Shrewdly suspecting thei shadowy spectre might he just material enough to profit ly? goaodilbtsa ,of " domrestic medicine," the clutched his strng whip and rushed after the apparition. But despite his; efforts, 'Ted' was unable to get nearer thatn to see by the aid of a light that it was wear ing a very light pair of shoes-prbhably of Palmer's make-to which may be given the credit of saving it from the soundest thrash. ing, of which' a 'spitit is capable. The prankish horse-play which suggests the wearing a white sheet to frighten timid people is beyond a joke, and is as repro. hensible as it is dangerous. S SoCtA. AT TALLAOOK.-.Tallarook was as, fet on Friday evening last, when a Social of a most enjoyable charaeter, and which was a complete -ncness, took place at the Me. chanics' Hall, The strunturo was artistically decorated for the oecasior, festonsa of flags the emblems of every nation, were tastefilly suspended, and intermingled with ferns, producing a most dpleasing effont. To a well organised committee, is due the well.merited praise of this arrangement, to whom, at the close of the entertainment, Mr. Demtm pro. posed in a very expressive speech, a hearly vote of thanks. Some 40 .couplts took part in the dance, the pleasure of which was greatly enhanced by the programme of excel. enotly rendered music, ano the; smooth con. dition of the floor. Among the interesting items of music w.as a composition worthy of special remark, called " Leapt Year Qualrille" which was introduced for the expreso purpose of compelling ladies to ,elect their own partners. During the night refresih. meots were dispensed at intervals ani tie proceedings enlivened with songs. It was not till daybreak tlattthe party, wearied but not spent, took their departure homewards. There is a general desire of the young people about the township, to have a rzpitition of the Social very eshortly. The long-ride mania has spreadl to India where Lieutenant Vargas, n'yoiung Aurtrian officer emulating the examples i.f Captain Burnaby and the French gentleman who thought be should like to go round the world (a few straits excepted) on a pair of stilts, has actually set out on a tide, without relays, from Bombay to Calcutta. ,ieutenant arges ita mano of i0, a fact which would warrant the assumption that lie would make some preliminary tnquiries regarding climttic conditions, and particularly itas to tihe feasi bility of journeying by road in the rainy season. But the Austrain otreaer hias it ii said shown himself superior to such prosie mattero as these, thonuh he is reported to li unable to speak a word of Iinldustnni. ltia first purmhase was a bullock to, arly Lis ltglage; but thre sensible animnnl appears to hove had such a decided oliection to the job that it was found necessary ti leave him Iehind. The Austrian, Don Quixote, how. ever, was able to engage a Sancho Panza in the shape of a Gosnese boy, writh whom, nithout baggage save a ch?nao u of under clotting. he started one momrnmwn Clhrt da?' brsak. mounted on a horse, his attendalit fllotwing ou a pony. At last advices ntotrn:g more had been heard of Lieuten4nt Varges or his companion. A terrible suicide is reported from Frank foat.on-Mein. A servant girl whtr had lost her situation, climbed over the ?nililrg of the Zoological Gardens, undressed hberilV. and let herself down bIy a rope whirch she hail blrougiht with her into the lhar pit. Tie Polar hear awoke, osrang at her, ?vrild her by the heand, and lirtei her up. The p?icr girl in her agony sereamtlld out, iantll lthe keeperls hurried up anid tried to dive off tilhe hear witlh lpoles. The gitr!h ~rg.edl ltvi to shoot the aiimdiri, bultt thoe Lkeep+er eiir I ,t make up their tinds to this. tisring t ioihrvot the poor girl, and linlinrg to get irer out alive. In the mneanwhile, the hear lbegan his awful meal, and tore the ftlesh fro, his rictihu's face and breast. The keepers at last succeeded in driving the heast away trout the dreadfully multilated body,, whic'h was thlen hauled up. The girl oni a frnrer occasion told one of the keepers that she would throw herself into the lion's ea ge,ihut her remark was taken for a joke, A snake without food or water for 1011 days is (says the Sydney " Daily Telegraph ") a fact vouched for by Mr. James S. Bray, nn. turalist, who furnishes the following interest. ing information relative to the matter:-" A black snake (venomous), caught at liotany, was sent to me on 11th September last year. The reptile, on my attempting to take it fromn the box. flattened itself out and showed so much fight that I closed the box up again, intending to leave the reptile for a day or two until it became quiet. In consequence of having so much to attend to, 1 forgot all about the reptile until coming across the box yesterday, the 6th inst. On opening the box in full expectation of finding the reptile dead and dried up, the snake darted nut quito lively. Strange to relate, the reptile was in grand order; the beautiful rich carmine color ofits holly plates, together with the glassy black scales on the upper part of the body madle it quite a handsome object. Here and there on its Iack are detached portions of its shed skin, evidently last season's. 