TOEQTJEMA.DA AND THE IN QIJ^riOK. ^ fEELGBivn.; _ The judgments of the Inquisition 'were always given in a large place, capable of containing a great number of people, 3,000 or 1,000, in the amphitheatre of which were arranged seats of different heights or degrees, some for the accused, others for the tribunal of the Inquisition nnd counsellors of the kingdom, and towering -above all the others that of the Grand Inquisitor. In the space between was placed a chair for the preacher, with an alter by its side and a stool, for. the criminal who was to hear his sentence. The ceremony generally took place on a Sunday—on a good day" good work, thought these terrible men—commencing at ti o'clock in the morning, and going on untfl. G in the evening. They -took the prisoners from their dungeons, giving each one a little vest, having sleeves tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers which came down to thai heels, vest and drawers bong made of black linen striped with white. Outside this dress they put a s&nbenito;, which is a sort of cloak or scapulary, which hung down in. the front and at the back, atier the ' fashion of a herald's coat, and those -who - wore them knew what their Sentence "would be beforehand from the different colours of the cloaks and.the figures, .etc.,. on them. Those who were condemned' to death "had sanbe* nitoi of yellow linen, with the cross of St: Andrew painted in red on them. Those who having heen condemned to death, had escaped the executioner by avowing their crimes before their condemnation, wore a seajjulary called samatra, on which were embroidered -flames burning downwards, such as the Portuguese called Fcgo BeeoUe, and those condemned to be burnt alive a grey satnarra, on which was represented & maa surrounded by flames, and devils stirring np the fire. At the end of the soapulary the victim's name nnd crime were written. They also wore pasteboard caps in the shapeofasngarloaf orconical mitre, garnished liberally. ^with flames and imps, called carochta. They were then gaggedin a most painful way, so that the mouth could neither be closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed before them and they were ironically invited to eat. This farće beinsr over, caoli one was given a taper of yellow war and led out into the putlic square by a familiar of the Holy O Sice, who, under the name of godfather, was obliged to answer and be responsible for his unhappy companion throughout the whole grim performance. Then the procession would start. First marched the Dominicans, carrying the banners of St. * Uominic. having the honour of going first because he was the first Inquisitor of his faith : then came the other Inquisitors, the high dignitaries of the Church, theaobility, and magistrates; to«e were follows! by the accused, who walked one By one, with naked feet and "bare heads, except the most unfortunate, who wore the pasteboard caps, each one holding the wax taper in his hand. Inthe middk of the proceisiou a large crucifix was earned, the face of the figure on it turned towards thote who had escaped death, and-the back towards the others as a made that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at the place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted tie pulpit and gave a sermon tending to the conversion of the Sews and heretics, who werebtosphsmously reviled. When the sermon was finished, an inquisitor took the preacher's place and called the criminals one after the other.The criminal called left bis -place, and,-conducted by an AfeaWt, placed iimwlt on his knees before the inquisitor, who read hia pnefs and his sentence. When .all the sentences were read, an inquisitor came, .accompanied :by. some : priest*, to -those- who had escape! death, and absolved them . irom ' the -exoommunicaSon which thfey had incurred.jriving each one a little stroke with a rod. This sentence of excommunication was thought so terrible, thatthe officers of As Inquisition'dared not to the accused cor ehew' them the maik pf Iriendship-r- jsot even the who-wUkad besiaetiftcL: LPąt the they-were Absolved Kon their excommnnieatioik-ihey migbt epeak to them. If amonglt thfr-number of Victims doomed to suffer there happened to be a priest, he was stripped of 'his cinonisała, which he was allowed toweartothel&st;, that his humiliation and degradation might be greater, and then to remove the oil "of his consecration he was subjected-to a -most cruel and abominable process. His lipa.'hands, and shaven crown were f craped with a tit of glass untfl they were raw and bleeding, after which he was pat with the common herd to await his final \- . These whose execution had not yet arranged, and tha reconciled prisoners, who had saved their .lives by recasting their faith, wóe nów ee para ted from those condemned to death,and while the former were conducted onoe more to the dreary solitude of; the gloomy nndergromd - dungeons of the Inquisition, to_ drąg' out, somstimfea, a miserable enstenae for lora long years in those loathsome places, per* haps in the end,after sickening alternationstj|L hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stakjfe. the only refuge bom torture and the rack, K imaginary crime: the others who had V condemned to suffer all the rigours gt Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the place of execution, where piles of lop; had been placed. Here each victim wM bound to a stake, and then the ereeutioj® asked them in what religion they wished' 1; die. If they said they wished to die Chr) H"»« they were wiavifttlty strangled befi being burnt; if not—and the Jews a ^ Mohommedans often adhered to their xe^ ligion with dogged courage, safierin tortures rather than recant—they were alive Prisoners were jealously guarded from having any intercourse with the outer wpr' seeing no one but the jailor, and a priest the Romish faith, ignorant of the rhaq, made against them, and in a truly desolate condition, with the fear of unknown honors', before them; for Torqoemada knew not the; quality of mercy, and in the deep and impreg-; nable vaults of the Inquisifionhaahis unhappy victims tortured in the most horrible maimer, in order to make diem confess their guilt, or at any rate that which the Inquisition wished them to confess, and the tortures being more, in many cases, than human Batnre could endure, no "end of people confessed to crimes of which they had never even dreamt. At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, faintly lighted by flickering torches, these fiends, in the came of religioa, tortured their hapless victims. " Whether min, matron, or tender virgin, they were stripped naked and stretched upon the wooden bench. Water, weights, fires, pulleys, screws — all the apparatus by which the sinews could be strained without cracking, the bones bruised without breaking, and the body racked exquisitely. without giving up its ghost—was now put into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot, with his eyes glaring at his victim through holes but in the hood which muffled his face, practised successively all the forms ot torture which the devilish ingenuity <of monks-' had invented." ThB "heavy noisome air of the dungeons resounded with the cries a,nd groans of the miserable wretches, who in those medi- aeval 'flays thought ihey -would Jose their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the faith in which they had bepnvbprn and firmly believed, and were bfffcrael and. horrible puna of both mindandJBody. "But what cared Torquemada-ahd hisliloodhonnde for that ? They were heretics, Sogs lof JewB, • and they must suffer, in that they did notbdong to the Holy Church/ of Soma. , So they .were -stretched-on theiack; aifitil ^irstjaiiwdjoints werelike bo bratek, and burst asunder i; they -were tied with the Bolas of their ban feet wi∈ i'few inohes of ł. blazing fire-^ foretaste jof that .cruel death " the "Stake to which * ń>^óiany woe to oome "it last; they were suspended from the oraling by ^łheir- hands, wmch; were ro»sed<«jni iroiti gloves so tightly ecrcwied that' the"viotim'8 Angers were crushed and bruised; .they were placed on frames head downwards -and BcouiBed- aiUheWoodrsnjtheyhadjneo^ of thar feeh pinched away, with ted-hot irons; their toe and finger nails wen Torquemada,'' M, says £1. JU.. Eosseuw-Saintwere sincere, one cannot doubt, Hilaire. " one examines Łhis life: but witju whal jshmeiS.Jmiiea with Jid∨, - dois'»« "view thiB life given «p entirely to doing ill, with the same ardour aud perseverance that others do goojU His name remains for all time jdetestedfs ai-"ihhorred ^OugjVmH'J Bnt hie evil work>unhappiJy: ispbt dead :«it h him? DnriBg^more than three :cenrturies tlie^nqnisitioWigrouiItt dowtt.'^Spain, and the cóuniry yet beal-s its impress." 