HQJUSI. OF RIMMON. A STORY OF THE " BLaCK COUNTRY" OP SOUTH STAFFORIDSHIRE. By JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, j Author of AUso Sncan'se Two LanEIESs," ETO. CHAPTER XLII.-(COSTUL'ED). "Jike paryodsns, my good fricud,"said the foreigner. 11It is as dark as th grave, tlhi country of yours. I am despair to find my way to Mr. Hackbest's." " The way isn't through me," responded Mr. Rimpler irately, and imagining for some reason that he recognised the voice. "What do you want with Mr. Hackbit? I belong to that dirm.". " Well, I am coma to Wolverhampton," re plied theloreigner confidentially, " to do some conjuring performances. They are not ele rvated people at all: they will not give up a room but I muat pay first; and the printer, he must riot print my bills until I do first pay him. Is this. not .strnge? And I am absolutely without the means to pay till I have performed. I ani without watch, and many other things. which Monsieuir the pawnbroker is in possession of,at the last place I am m; and a kind gen tleman to whom I explained my difficultvyhas i told me you are agent for a mouey-lending Himplerthaouht, "Hackbit wouldn't be too leased to have his private address given," and wondered who could have done it "It would not matter so much." the fBoaigner went on, "but I have an incum brance with me, in the shape of a woman who is no longer young, and no longer pretty, who, like the cherubim in your Church prayers, 'continuallydoth cry' "and he waited evi dently expecting pity on this point; but Mr. Simpler only lau led. Isee you have never been.in a like stnation or you would not laugh. It is no matter for laughter, I will insure yo." "That's all yoau know about it. Why don't gan detrid of the womanP" "Ihave already done so many times, but she has a fine instinct, she. She comes again; and so, if she were in her grave, she would come again that woman." ' All right," seid iaspler; "you go up that way;" vaguely indicating, "and 'll follow yon." 'If on have no objection, I will wait for you. It is not inviting, that road. I have bee everywhere, but never have I seen any thing likotlisa" "But 1hare an objection. You won't hurt ourself. Foreigners are always so rash." He had picked up that word in the neighbour hood. "If you do not object," said the foreigner, "you will be so good as to lead me to a place of safety a little further on, where I will remain while you speak with ma'em'selle.'" Rimpler was furious. "Confound you," he said, " what do you mean?" "Oh, I thought the ma'em'selle was waiting for some one by that piece of building." "It isn't for me, at all events," naidRimpler, telling a lie. "Oh, then, if it is not for you, I will tell you, I have spoken with her, but she is no chicken she" Rimpler was thinking, "How could he have found that out in the dark?" and said so. "There was nothing of shyness in her manner," said the foreigner, "and I did gather from other indications-" Rimpler decided that Dorcas should wait it out that night, and went on with the foreigner to Hackbit's, where a loan was arranged. CHAPTER LXIII.-A CosLv RELIEFr. The little matter of business Monsieur Pelbois had to transact with Mr. Hackbit was arranged actnally in that gentleman's absence. Kezish had been up at her mother's all day, so Mr. Backbittook the opportunity of looking over all her belongings, imagining that he might discover some preparations for flight. But he was disappointed. He found nothing in Kerziah's orderly drawers and boxes but the most natural and ordinary things. Incon sistent as it meat appear, he was angry atnot finding what he had sought, and a. resolve came into his mind, without his being per feotly conscious of it. If people put themselves insa frame of mind to do a thing, they are pretty sure to find an opportunity, and them-. telree prepared to ,mt. Haeckbit's opportunity came this nght. Keziah had returned in time for supper, which hadtbeenput oiff owing to Mr. Rimpler's and Mr. Hackbit's non- appearance. Silas and Monsieur Pelboin came in first, and remained in the office some time, the foreigner going away before Hackbit's return. That gentle >manmade a great noise in thb entranco-hall when he did come, and to all appearance had been diinking again. He came in smiling, just as he always smiled when he was going to anything remarkably offensive. "Well, Bimpler," he said sarcastically, " I hope you are enjoying my wife's society." liipIer made no reply. Keziah bit her lip, aod looked angry. "You know the stock she comes of, Zimpler,'' he went sn. " One of them, whose Scripture knowledgeis great, said something about not gathering fig from thistles. I wish Ihad thought of that when Imarried my wile. We're all fools till we learn. I took her for a saint. You know what she is, Rimpler. Did you ever see a man so infernally sold ?" Kemah fixed her black eyes with wrathful intensity on Hackbit's face. "What do you want to goad me todo ?"said she. " Is there anything you are anxious to be goaded into doing ' replied Hackbit., seating himself in a chair, andtapping it up on the hind ¶eziah looked as if about to qit the room, but she changed her mind, and atdown. She would not have done so had she known what would follow. "uHave you ever heard the story about my wife, Rimpler 2" went on Hackbit, insolently. S She had a situation at Leamington, and managed to get over the medical man in at tendance at the house, who was subsequently taken up on a charge of murder. She then laid her traps for me, and here I am. Anyone might pity me.' Keziah. She left the room, followed by inso lent laughter. She did not appear agsam that night. A bed had been prepared for her pro py in the spare room, since the night she had la there on the bare bedstead. Backbit went to bed rather early, for him. BltMr Rimpler had no notion of going to beer .He had seen Keziahte a few days agoplace a sheet of white paper under some stones, He He hadsat, e l ta long time, when hd)aed e pon thestaire Sohiebody tas goingdowe; of course, it was Keriah. He witedsome time patiently; but bedid not see her appear outside. He thought tohimself, if she had gone to meet that fellow hiedkblbspecllavsgmon wweatith Mean Erlworthy, they must have gone round to the back of too back of the houso; so he deter mined to go round and reconnoitre. The house was quite still. He thought he might venture to do it. The landing window lay obetwrcentthe room whereKeziah was now sleeping and the night nursery. He thought, if they were in the garden behind, he should hear as well as see from this position. It was his habit when he went into a new house to try all. the locks and all the windows, to- learn if they hadl any peculiarity of opening and shutting. This he always managed to do in a natural manner. Consequently, he bad ascertained that the landingwindow would open without a sound, though his own would not. So he very quietly raised the window. and put his head out. IHe could see nothing, it was so dark. But then, he argued, "IfI can see nothing, the samedarkness renders me invisible to others, which is also something." Yes, there was some one moving below, and the sound of low voices. "lam afraid-to stay in the same house with him," he heard Keziah say. "Yet if I freed myself, and went away from him, then he and ll the world would say it was to go to you, which I would never do, except as noe." A low voice answered, " Is my reputation worth more tome than ynou are, Tizzy You must come to me, if you have so much reason to fear. And why not? Theselaws are men's laws, and not Cod's. You are mine by right. What does it matter what peoplo say? You would go away, far from the reach of their voices. It could not satter to you then." "If no one knew, I should know," was Ieziah's reply. "No, I will never do that. If I leave my husbapd's roof, you must promise me faithfully you will never see me or speak to me again." She wras so earnest that she could not but promise. But he felt in his heart he had promised more than he could perform. In the battles of the soul it is a question of the right of the strongest; and love for Keziah, and desire to possess her, were stronger this time with poor Elworthy than any man-made laws.. Silas, who had heard evory word of this, felt be had been having a very good time; and as they ceased talking, and appeared to separate, he slowly began to put down the window. But something happened that made him stop suddenlyin the operation. Something appeared to fily at him, and was pouring down upon him. Ho was taken so much unawares that he could sot help crying out, whereupon he was seizedby the throat and hair, and shaken about as if he had been a pillow: after which he was flung upon the landing, and received the contents of a bucket, which nearly checked him. He could do nothing but utter inarticulate sounds. Nor did the experience terminate as yet. Suddenly he felthiteself being dragged, in the darkness, along the landing into his own room. Then a voice for the first time accosted him. It was Wilson's. "Take that fora lesson, you sneak. ing eavesdropper,"she said: " aud tell anybody about it if you wish to"-this in a tone that showed Silas plainly she was acute enough to know he would say nothing about it. He dragged himself up from the floor after a moment or two, end struck a match. His door was shut. He heard a wiping of something going on outside, and concluded that Wilson was wiping up the spilt water. Ite lit his candle, and remembered savagely that be had been unable to utter a word or do anything, and wished he had the time over again. Mr. Rimpler slowly and with some of his ordinary tusnner advanced towards the glass, and looked at himself, which he continued to do forsomeminutes His face had assumed its normal brick-wall expression. At length he began: "Item No. 1, cravat missing: item No. 2, black mark on left eye ; item No. 3, portions ofhai'missing; item No. 4, shirt front torn out-as near as possible," he added: "item No. 5, large lump on back of head, can't see it, can feel enough to make up for that; item No. i, a dreadful feeling along the vertebroe, from top to bottom, indescribable, can't see that either; item No. 7, a large piece of cuticle missing under black eye, will necessitate a piece of plaister: item No. 8," he said, as he began to takeeoff his clothes, " every one of my things as wet as if I'd been swimming in them; item No. 9, can feel another lump coming out over the left eye: item No. 10, an infernal headache. All this to be put on paper." Mr. Rimpler wrapped himself in a blanket, and wrote down his list-of items in his pocket booak, to be remembered against Wilson for ever, and whilehewrote, Wilson had cleared away all the mess, and was anxiously waiting for Keziah to come in. And now that her exertions were over, and that she had had the pleasure she had longed for, of giving it to "'that Rimpler," a feeling of depression came over her. Bhehadheard Teziah's voi below. ".Then -it instrue.," she thought.eaftanelL_ "What a pity " end she waited and watched for Keziah's coming in. But Keziah was at that moment being persuaded never to come in nny more, and shewas wavering. But she and Riupert had heard the cry. though they had notrecognised the voice; and they thought they had been discovered. Teziah had clung desperately to Rupert's arm and he held her firmly. " Come away, Tizzy, my dear love, while there is yet time. If you go he will murder you, now he has discovered. Why should you throw yourself into the jaws of death at ran dom, and ruin my life too, for such a villain as he is ? What could the world say against you? They know what he is. Kizzy," he pleaded, "' you are so brave, and have dared so much. Come, dare the world's opinion, and go with me. I have plenty of money. I could get a practice abroad, easily. Think, let love decide, to whom do you owe allegiance? To that man, who has done nothing to earn it; or to me, who am ready to do everything for your sake ? You trusted yourself to him : can you not trust yourself to me? Think, Tizzy. allyou have made me suffer. Can you imagine what my feelings must have been, to come oat of prison to find the one who should have been true to me, though all else had failed-to find you be longing to another? Do you not owe me any thing, Tizzy, for loving you so after all this? But you must decide now, this very moment Someone will be here. You must decide between him and me." And not waiting for a reply, he led her with his strong arm about her, down the garden path and out at the gate. She had been scarcely conscious of anything but the strength of what he said, till now that she was moving away. She stopped with a newstrength, and loosed his arm from about her. "No." she said, " I can but die. I will go back. He will think all this evl against me. He shall never have reason. Since I have lost you, my self-respect is the only thing left to me; and would you, who say you love me, rob me of that i" He did not offerto take hold of her again. A streak of light was beginning to be visible in the east, and the objects hi the garden began to be defined. "Oh!l" she said, with a shudder, "it is growing daylight; another moment and it would be too late for me to -go back." And even while she spoke she fled away. and entered the house. As she went she heard a great sob follow, and it wrung her heart. She hesitated one moment. "Is he worth this sacrifice," she said to herself, " of beth our lives ?" But even while she thought, avoicewithinherbadeher go back. She en tered the house. A tall figere intercepted her path It was Wilson. "Oh, Miss Tizzy," she said, callingher.by the old familiar name noa heart-broken kind of way, " I wouldn't havebelieved it of you, I wouldn't." Keziah, in her old impetuous manner, flung her arms about Wilson, and criel upon her ehoulder. "Do not judgo me so harshly," she aid. "Toun would not i you knew all." Wilson wasunrelenting though crying; she was angry witnaeziah, and as yethad no com prehonnion of the case. "Iknow appearances are againat me, and I eannot make you believe in me. Butt have done nothisg so very wrong." " Oh, don't make light of it, mism. It can not be right, whichever way you put it." "t Iknow Itought not to have met him. I never shall meethim again." " It's too late to mend matters now," said Wilson. "I'm not the only one as has seen yea to-night, and has heard all." "Do you mean my husband I" asked Teziah, faintly. " No," said Wilson, bitterly. "You might know who it is-that Rimpler. And he will tell everything, and it will be jast as bed." " Oh, Wilson, there's no pity for me in your tone. Do I notdeseree some pity " " You've been drove to it. I know. But that never coutts for much. The only thssg as counts is that you've dons it. And oh, that I hbould have lived to see this day !" "' Shall I go nod tell my husband all about it before Mr. limpler can go to him ?" said Heziab, in a tone that might be used in a for lornhope. Wilson hesitated. "NKo." at last she ro plied, "Ithinknot, miss. His anger might be so that he wouldn't know what he did to yoa, if he heard it from yen." And Teziah felt that a stronghnld otf ht integrity had died; 4fo ohs could not cay to her husband, " He never tried to perounde me to leave you." Some women might have said it, even iftuntrue; but Teziah could not. Sho feared this must come out with the rest. She would not tell part of the truth, but the whole troth, if she must speak. And even if she did not speak, her husband would come to her, and she would have to answer him. Whilethey talked, thegcey streak a the sky had grown larger. Wilson started. She noticed she could see Keziah now-the outline of her I figure. . "The servants will hbe coining down," she said: " go to your room. It is a wonder they are not down before, bhet I hve been so60 staggered, I had not thought of it." Keziah tifled tip the staircase like a creature afraid of the light, and Wilson went to Leonard, who was waking. It was soon breakfast time. Meziah had dressed herself nicely, why, she could hardly havetold, for she felt she was going to hear her sentence. To her great ssrprise, on going to the break fast-room. for it was not Kezioh to absent her self, Mr. Rimpler eras there before her, and appeared calmn, as if nothing had happened. He had a black eye, and a plaster under it, which Kezials did not remember to have seen before, and which Mr. Rimpler blunderingly proceeded to aoologiso for, saying he had tumbled over someothing in his room in the dark; he did not attempt to say what. Keziah felt hlie weas telling her a lie, and instinctively the idea came into her mind that he had had a tussle with Wilson, and she smiled. Strange that humanbeings are so con stituted that, in the moments when they are saddest and most sore pressed, the captive mind releases itself from bondage in spite of all con trol, and catches eagerly at an opportunity for mirth. So Keziah smiled in the depth of her trouble. A few minutes later Mr. Hackbitcame down. He was much as usual, rude and inattentive, and aggravating. But, beyond this, nothing occurred. Was the storm about to blow over, or was its breaking only deferred: Could Wilson have been mistaken about Rimpler's having founmd her out? These qouestione puzzled Keziah extremely, and she could not help thinking about them in spite of herself, After breakfast she noticed that Mr. Rimpler made no attempt to have private commumenca tion with her husband, and she remarked this to Wilson, and said that he nmight not know, or, if he did, he might not be going to tell. "Have you ever seen a cat with a mouse, miss?" was the answer. "She lets it run about, and think itself free, because she can put Iher foot on it when she likes." "'Well," said Keziab, wearily. "Only if it is to come, I wish it would come quickly." CHAPTER XLIV.-JunoL REVIsis Jt'LET. That morning, when it was nearly dinner time at the house of RIimmon, Jubal and his uncle David were comning across the Old Park from the station of Jumley. "What a heathenish place this is!" Jubal remarked to his uncle, looking scornfully around at the wretched tumble-down buildings, the literally black road, and the great mouids of cinders, and ominous-looking holes. "Really, I had no idea it was half so bad as this." "Ah; Jubal," said his uncle, " we never can' judge a place till we've another to compare it wito. When I was a little lad, and used to carry your griandfather's dinner in a basin tied up in a handkerchief. I should have been ready to slay anyone as had said Jumley wasn't the finest place in the world. No, not that," said David, blishing slightly. "I wasalways moro like running away than slaying anybody. But these mines," he went on, pointing with his walking stick, " weren't worked out then, Juba', that is. all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your rather, Dorcas, and I, and the dear baby that died, we used to pilay of a night, at hop scotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, and we used to run over the pit-banks until it got dark. And you see that house over there, Jubal ?" he said, indicating the remains of one; "many's the time I've seen your grandfather washing what he celled ' the first coat' off, out. side that door. There was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a very clean woman, and she couldn't bear to have her place messed up, she said, as soon as it was cleaned." Well, uncle," rejoined Jubal, with a high colour in his cheeks, "I mean no offence; but for our future comfort, it may be as welt that I should just say, that I am not particularly proud of haviig had a grandiather who worked in a coal-pit; nor am I particularly into.. terested in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet: nor of games played by my father andaunt Dorcas and you. And if I bring any fellows home with ro, as you told me Iosmy, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, Imean no offence. But fellows are apt to look down on this sort of thing. I don't men to say my grandfather might not have been a very good mas." "He was a very good man," said his uncle in a low tone. He was taking in with difficulty what he was hearing, and he was wounded. Jubal went on "You see, however interestinuc the'e accounts may be to members of the family, they cannot he anturortinsta oaisidees.". "Bat you arenot an eu iideial,"i= plied his uncle, in the same grieved tone. "Still, you see," went on Jubal, "I never knew my grandfather, which is almost equal to notbelonging to him. And,"ho added, tak ingout a cigar, and lighting it, atthe same time beingvery careful not to soil his straw. coloured glove, which fitted to a nicety, and was bordered by the whitest of white cuffs, " I can't say that 1 know a single member of the family that anyone would like to belong to ex cept you." And Jubal glanced through his long lashes, at his uncle's face, to see the effect of his little compliment. He saw only the troubled look. David Rimmon did nut care much for complimnents, and did not see them readily. But he did notice Jubal's cigar, and said to him " Well, Jobal. if I were you, I wouldn't go into your father's house smoking, seeing he dislikes it so." " I would do a good deal to please you, uncle, but I shall not come here to palaver my father. They are not to kill the fatted calf on my behalf, and hail the prodigal returned. And that is the kind of story he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank, if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he says I'm penlitent, it shall be a direct lie, he shanu't have a foundation of encure for it. And see. uncle," he said, print ing with his hand in which he held his lighted cilar for a moment. "as you are fond of re min sceaces, there is the noble edifice occupied by grandmother during the latter part of her delightful sojourn in this neighbourhood." David, slow though he was, could take the impression of a tone as quickly as anyone; and he felt that Jubal had known her as a querulons old woman, it was true; but David had known her as the patient, hard-working mother of the family. He could remember many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door, when he had fallen down, or when some playfellow had been hitting him. He did not sut all this in words, but he said with a gentle dignity which became him greatly " You asked me, Jubal. ot to speak about your grandfather, or our childhoou. I noe bog of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom you never knew-I repeat it, neser knew ; for peosle are not themselves but someone else, when they are worn down by many griofs." "Oh, all right, nole," said Jubal. "I didn't mean to hurt you. It's all true what you say. I was only jeking either." "That was jsutit," said David; "you were joking." They were now psoeng a ruined engine homse; and Tubal, happenfoges glaaee down. soW lyingr half-hidden under a rusty whoel whot appeared to be a bundle of parchment. He took it up, and put it into his pocket. " 'What's that t" asked his uncle. " A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away" SButy u hove never examinedit. It might be some important document. I don't know howyou are to know, if you don't exasine it." The fact is, that Tubal did know what it was, and did not wish his uncle to know-that is, ho knew toa certain extent. He had re cognised his father's handwriting upon it; that seas enough for him. Yes; the knife had been to the grinder's, and had got sharpened; but it seemed to have dreamsof cuttin" on its own account. Jubal, having a notion tdat his uncle was tondering over what he had picked up, and wishiog to change his thoughts, remarked, " What an awful mesS this road makes of oneo boots and one's Irousere !" " You can turn yourtrousers up," replied his uncle, looking down at Jubal's. "I turned mine up in thestation." " But you see," return Jubal, in a lordly fashion, " trouser-bottomo never sit well when they've besu turned up. It qaito spolts the look." This kind of talk was beyond David', com prehensioin. But just as he had always thought that Joshua know better than he did, so now he thought ehat Jubal did, at least in mist things. the etronger will has often this kind of effect on the weakerone. A strong wind is propelling a boat on a coarse· which threatens disaster; surely the wind catinot be at fault Why then trouble to alter the sails ? The boat may be blown upon the rocks and smoah,-d to atoms, but what of that ? One must submit to the will of Providence. Jubal pulled his coat a little down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They were in the road where his father lived. In the houses they had to pass, people might be at the wiudows people he had known, and who had known .him when he was shabby, and used to go about with a stooo. Boys he used to ay marhlis would probatly see him. WeU, if they did, they should seo a gentleman, a fashionable man of the world, Jubal thought, who was not ruined by his father's disinheriting him, who was not coming home in sack cloth and ashes to denote his repentance, but in as fashionable a suit as the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with anairand manner befitting such clothes. It was no beggar coming to his father's house to ask broad. Jubal went as a prince conferring a favour by his presence. The door was opened. Sarah, who had not een Jubal so long, could hardly keep her joy in. She seized him after the manner of the Black.Coanty people, not too gently. "And, oh, what a beautiful gentleman ho's grooed into," she exclaimed. "Bless his handsome fsa"c It was not until she had exhaueted as many epithets as she could think of, that she began to notice that Jubal was not so effusive. In fact, he was considering whether she had been cooking, and might possibly grease his clothes. He said= "Oh, so it'syou, Sarah. How do you do ?" This withouta smile, and in a very condescend og way; and he was about to pass her, when he turned back, and putting his hand in his pocket, took out half-a-crown. " Here, Sarah," he said, superiorly, "you lent me lhalf-a-crown once; here it is. I just remembered it." Sarah stared at him in blank amazement, but did not hold out her hand-the hard working, rough hand that was always so kindly and so reody to labour to the uttermost in loving oflices for those she cared for. Jubal dropped the half-a-crown into her hand, taking' great care not to touch her withhis glove. The touch of the cold metal seemed to make Sarahrealise thetruth. She flung it from her, and flung her apron over her head, and began to sob, shileshe gasped out ' No, I will never take it; no, not if I wore starving. To think that I would ha' give' all my savings for one shake of his hand." Jubal flushed, and drew off one of his tight fitting gloves. ' Dear me," he said, " if its a shake-hands you want, I don't object to shaking hands ;" and he held out a hand white enugh to have done a lady credit, but the girl uld not take -it. How many have had to suffer a like disappointment: Ihow few are prepared for it beforehand. Our brotheror our sister goes away from us for years, to come hack again, so the world says. The body returns, perhaps, but the same self never. We have said good-bye to that person for ever. Yet those who stay at home think of the absent day and night during the long years, and break theirhearts when but a ghost of the lost one comes home. Jubal merely did as the world does; only Sarah had never thought out the question. She knew that for years she had lightened his life when he was at homne and miserable, that she had.during the past week preparedall kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And now he treated her like a stranger, and did not even shake hands with her. 0. simple Sarah! with your good heart, you have maie and hidden away in the cupboard an apple pasty for him; but his tastes have chanued. he does not care for apple-pasty now. 19sd de Jois gr's is more in his line. You may as well leave the pasty in the cupboard where it is. But people in the Black Country don't cry quietly. They do nothing by halves.. And Sarah' cry brought Miss Dorcas on the scene, resplendent in a green silk. " Whatever's this disturblanco about ?" said that lady. But her eyes felling on her noephew,. she was thunderstruckby his appearance. Could this handsome figure that might have come out ofa gentleman's fashion-book be her nephew ubal? It seemed impossible. " How d'ye do, aunt i" said Jubal, extending the tipeof his fingers. " I think you are too fine for such a house as this," she remarked somewhat cuttingly. "We are not grand enough for such a fine gentle man." " Abh," said Jubal, with a mock bow. (Sarah had slipped away into the kitchen.) "It is not to enjoy myself I have come, but to see the nakedness of the loud. You see," he said, hopinghi fatherwas somewhere withinhearing, " I've not let my Scripture knowledge rust. Bat really aunt, you are behind the times down here at Jumley;. green- iesa't'in fashiod, you know, now--not in Manchester.'-' This was a very spiteful thrust, and it went home. " Yonu are very rud, indeed," rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green silk nevertheless. " I get the fashien-platen regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you. Well, David,"'' she said, turing abruptly towards herbrother; and acool family kiss was exchanged. But where was Mrs. Rimmon all this time ? Will it be believed she was within hearing, and yet didnot come to speak to her son? She was half- afraid. He did not seem to have received the others well; what would he think of her ? his mother in the dark pasage leading into the kitchen. The table waslasid for dinner. Jubal tooked at everything on the table. while his ancle and his father shook hands. Mr. Rimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to his son, and Jubal decided that he could live without shaking hands with his father; so there wasno sort of greeting between them. Juba meant to speak to his father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any stranger; and an occasion came. . Jubal sat down on one of the chairs, and got up again directly, looking scornfully at it. " You don't mean to say that you've not had the spring of that chair mended yet?" he said to his father; and that was all. Dinner must come in, and Mrs. Rimmon knew she could delay no longer; so she timidly entered the room, her face nervously working, and her tears ready to fall. Jubal kissed her and held her from him and looked at her, and kissed her again. "The farce has begue, has it ?" said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. "No," said Jubal, standing with his arm round his mother's waist, "it hab not. Tihe farce will begin when the minister comes in to tea, and you and father act the loving family before him." When Keoiah entered tLhs' room, very pale, and looking paler in her black dress, whsch she sore for her grandmother, Jubal could hardly believe it was his sister. The short, crisp, black curls were the same as ever, but the features appeared to be changed : they were more pointed-a change due to thinness. She went first and kissed her uncle David. Me pressed her hand encouragingly, and was much tenderer than ever in his manner towards her. Then Keziah went behind Jubal's chair, and, leaning over, kissed his forehead. " Oh, Keziah," exclaimed Jubal. starting, " how frightfully cold your lips are '" " Are they ?" said Keziah, with a wau smile; and she took her place at the table, kissing her mother as shepassed her, The door was now jlusg oten, and Mr. Hackbit swagered in, lund surveyed the com pany with a lor. Re gave u general nsd, sat down and placed his napksn across his anee,. * Well, brother-in-law," said Jubal, across the table, ")your valet has neglected you this morning. Do yon know your toilet's rather defective /"' Mr. Hsckbit looked severely across at Tubal, end remarked with some aspesi that he would rather wear no clsithes at all than be dressed up like a doll, as Jubal was. Darcas was sitting neat to himo. " Tour necktie's rieht under ysur ear," she srid, " and you look as if you'd been to bed in your clothes." "And you." retorted Tsackbit, looking critically at his aunt and her get-up, " you look as if yousd juast . come out from uder a glsos shade, you do." " Oh, don't let us have any quarrellineg," put in David. ' What cani be the use of that?" After dinner, Jubal announced his inten Clon of taking a stroll. The mother would bare liked to have begged him to remain with her, but how could she fictlte to thus son who bad erown into such a gentleman P "Yes, sho, yourself to the inhabitants," was achbit's comment. " You'll collect a crowd if vou go out." " You'll collect a bigger crowd than I shall, seme day," retorted Tubal. " And really. HIackbit," he said, eying his brother-in-tew with a good bit of merriment in his face. "I want to light a cigar, and I believe I could do it at your nose. Have you been acting the clown, and forgotten to wash your face ?" With this home-thrust he weat out; end Keziah helsed to clear the table. Mr. Rimuler was to cotme to tea. He had been invited to dinner, but had mnusde an excuse, Wh'ts tee-time came he appeared. There was a marked coldness in Dorcas's mnn:aer of receiving Mr. Etmpler,. which that gentleman could well account for. He, for his part, appeared to have some fine jeken hand, and laughed to himself witlsout any evident reason several timus in succession ; and at eachlaugh Dorcas coloured. He was, how ever, scrspulousin his attention to her, and also seemed to take some interest in Jubal, whom he had been led to suppose a very different sort of person. CHAPTER XLY.-Mson Br-ER Teay Swcev. When at last the eoening was over, and it was time to go home, Mr. Etmpler offered to escort Monoa Dormas, which seemed natural enough; but no sooner had he madethe proposal than Doreas eaid, spitefully, " No, thank you, Mr. Rimpler. I am no chicken and am not at all afraid of being in the Oi ,Park myself: at night." : In spite of is, ililer didgo withher; and they walked along in silence for a considerable dis tance. At last Miss Dorcas said, snappishly, "Are you going to speak, or not, Silas?" Mr. lRmper gave a snort, and said in a tone of some bitterness, " I don't remember the occasion on which I asked you to call me Silas. When £begin to call you Dorcas, you'll have some excuse." The unquenchable spirit of the spinster rose. "And if I did call you Silas; how many aliens and outcasts would be glad to have somelody to take them by the hand and call them by their Christian name." 1 But I happen to be neither an alien nor an, outcast. I tell you once for all, you must drop it-." "Oh, Silas,-" Mr. Rimpler stepped in the pathway. "If you don't drop it, I won't go another inch with you; so now you know. And another thing I should like to refer tois your mannerof making signs at me before people." "And you never take any notice when I do,", interrupted Miss Doreas, "no matter how im portant it may be." "And I never will notice. I tellyouonce for all, I won't have it. Do you think I want all the world to believe we' have a secret under standing together? It was disgusting all the evening to see your eye fixed on me every time I looked your way." "And this after the way you left me in the Old Park last night!" said Dorcas, growing irate in her turn. They were on the same ground now. "I'll leave you here again if you don't mind." "Then you'll leave all that I have to com municate to you." "Idon't care ad-about your communi cation." "You know you do, or vyou wouldn't have taken so much trouble about it all. Well, at any rate, I got the papers you asked me to get out of Joshua's safe." "Where are they?" responded Silas, now interested in a moment, and betrayed into showing it. He had not expected this. "Well, I waited here, till I was cold and tired, last night, andI lost them; so there.'" "YYon lost them," said Rimpler, horror struck. "Yes, and I had them safe enough, when you came first; and you'd have had them if it hadn't been for your going off with that foreigner. I heard you deny me to him, and laugh when he said that I was no chicken. Men are bad enough for anything." lut Silas hadnot been listening to her last words. He was absorbed by the thought that the papers were lost. At last he drosew a long breath, as if hlie had forgotten to breathe a few muoments, and was making sip for it. " Well," he said," what a fool I have been." Dorcas was infinitely relieved to find it was not herself he n-was calling a fool. "I might know that a woman was sure to make on ass of herself in business," he added. This somewhat spoiled the soothing effect of the last sentence he had uttered. They had now come to a standstill, both of them. "Now, I have a warning to give you," said Silts. " It is for your own good, not mine. Y'u must he as silent as the grave upon this bustmess. Do not think of telling anything to spiteme,ever; itwould be no good. You've no proof of any kind against use, remember; and the moment I hear of your doing anything, then I ahall begin. And if l ever should, you will wish you had never been born, mind that. And from t1-night I've done withyou; sodon't get trying to sea me or to speak to me. And now we are parting, I'll say another thing to you, that I've been thinking all along; and that is this. There's no wickedness you'd stop at,. to get your own eade. You don't mind whom you betray. But you can't think for the future that you've done it all in the dark. I've seen my share of bad women; but I never came across a worse than you, in reality." Dorcas was literally thunderstruck. She could make no reply. S u could not believashe was hearing right. "And is this true, all that you are saysasg?" she said atlength. Yes, it in true," replisd I:ipler. " Then," said she, with a tragic air, "I shall throw myself d6wn one of those old mine." - "Don't," said lrimpler quietly. "It would be quite lost uponme. I shuld not try to get youout: and Ishould not go in mouruning:: for you.'" And Miss Doras did not fulfil her threat. "And eeam really to say good-bye to you, Silas ?" said Dorcas plaintively. " Au I never to hear the sound of your voice again, the voice that has grown so dear to me ?' * You'll hear my voice soon enough, if you interfere with my business. And really I don't think I ever did meet with such a humbug in ,es' ent5 life otwt ls gel.e4m can esthroueh it don't lrio scorn me. ___ "' Then I will go home to my desolate hearth," said Miss Dorca, still in a tragical vein. "Yes, do," said Rimpler. "You'd make any he rth desolate; an you'd turn any par. die'e into a howling wilderness." "Very well," returned Dorcas, "I will leave you: and the day may come when Ican do you a bad turn, and shall do it, neveryou fear." "I don't fear," was limpler's reply, " but I knew it before you told mse. Yet Dorcas did not move off. "Look here," said Rimpler; "if you think by waiting you'll get me to alter my mind, you're mistaken. I shall go not a step rarther with you, and you can go home yourself." Dorcasmoved awaywith greatbitternessin her heart. But whlen the was out of sight, Silas lit match after match, and searched quite fruitlessly as we know he must-for the missing papers. He scarcely expected to find anything in his search; but he was very angry, and it suited his humour to be searching. He was not alone, though he imagined him. self to be so. Jubal had strolled after Rimpler and his ant, on pretence of smokingr, but in se ality hoping to hear what terms they were on, and to find out anything detrimental to either of them. He heard the quarrel, which amused and gratified him. IHe also felt sure what the subject was. But if he had not been sure, his suspicion would have been confirmed by the search Mr Rimpler made under Ihis eyes. Jubat did not wait to see how this search ended. He preferred to get away while still unobserved. When he got homems-that is. to his father's house-he found his mother in a violent state of agitation. "What is the matter, mother?" he asked. "Oh, Jubal, somebody has robbed your father." " Do vou mean broken into the bank, mother?"'l "1No, the safe, here, in the house. He's nearly frantic." "Was it money ?' "\o : papers." Well, they can't matter much, unless they're bank dines." said Juhal. Jubal swaggered into the room where his father was. " Wi.t is it you've lost ?" he smid in an in different tone. " Papers," cried Mr. Rimmon, quite forgetful for the moment that he and his san were enemies. " I suppose they're not of much consequence," maid Jubil. " They are of all consequence," cried his father. " I tell you niless I can gain possession of those papers I'm ruinote-ruinea-do you hear, Juhat h-ruined." "They must be funny kindu of papers, I ohould think," maid Juborl. "oJubn ,"said David, who wae as white as his brother, " is thinae time to talk like that?" " When were they stolen?" Jubnl iaked his father. "To-day?" "Oh, no; I've had the key in my possession allda" "Lo~~ck pieked, I suppose. Ihes." ol kthe leek hen ot baeen picked," said the father, dinpainingly. " Then how do you account for it?" " Yesterday I dropped my key accidentlly; it must have been used by soieone." "Wsll," said J bal wish mock svmpathy, "it isn't a pleasant thing to have loit papers that compromase you. You mac never find out where they are: and it's like a ewordhaneg. Ing over your head by a hair. isn't it, father Y" Every word stabbed Mr. Itimmen. Whe knew their weight so well as he did? "Oh," he said, turning to his brother. wish stouch os very resl feeling. " how I wish I'd stuck to my bank, Davsd, ans- kept everything squ:sre." " I wish thee hidsto," replied David, falling into his dialect in his emotion. "Jubal," went on hisfather, with ,utha real ring in his tone that Jubal was startn-i, "I've not trained pots well, heavens knows." "Earthknows it, too," put in Jubul. The father took no notice, but went on in a most solemn tone. "But you are youno and need never come to be what I smns.You'v often heard me quote Scripture, Jubal." "Too ofsen," sid Johal. "Well, you shull hear some more, Jubal, thong it naey be the last, and it's tele treest io Bible. 'Thf way of trinsgreasore is herd.' " David was quite overcome, and hid his face in his hsande; Jubal felt no kindliog of cym pathy. "*oth ttakeany notice of him, uncle,' he said contemptuously: "he's isoly making out." "Maksg out!" cried the elder man, in an agonised tone. "Thatlis likely, that is! I meant to set it all right,- and to give up the other bunineos.".. It wae th. first.. time the "other.business" had ever been alluded .to between the brothers. " Aiid now I've no chance." - - Half an hour later,,when Joshua was alone, he bitterly regretted having exposed himself in this manner, and -he would have regretted it still more had he known that the son before whom he had committed himself had the miss ing papers at that very moment in his posses. sion, and gloried in it. Joshua had been a hard tyrant to Jubal when Jubal was a boy, and now that Jubal was independent of him he showed no disposition to heap coals of fire on his father's head by returning good for evil. Had this view of the case been put to Jubal, 10 would probabl have said, eo great was his hatredto pob fathaer, that he would have pee. ferred to heap coals of fire under his father's feet and burn him to ashes. The slave makes a terrible slave-driver when his chance comes. His master may have known limits; he knowvs none. So while Joshua tossed that night upon his pillow in an agony, for the time being, of remorse, his son lay awake, etoo, for very joy. He had got his father inhis power. CHAPTER XLVI.-DtDEATt BEcenE DIs uoxot'as. The snow had been falling all the evening, sometimes elightly, sometimes more thickly. It was falling when the different companies went home from the house of Rimmon. When Thomas liackbit and Keziah had got outside the house, he said to her "You are a very fair actress, Keziah, but I can beat you in acting." Keziah turned her face towards him in stinctively, though she could not see- him, not to mine what he should Bay next. " You have kept your eyes open very well, considering you were up all last night. But don't you think I have, considering that I was up, too? Should you like to know where I was last night, Keziah ?" "No," she replied in a stifled manner. "But I shall tell you, whether you wish to hear or not. I passed the night min my own garden, Kezih." Keziah could not hear to hlave it broken to her thus. She would do it herself, and have it over the more quickly. The quiet tone in which he was speaking filled her with infinite dread. Of course he knew everything. Well, there was no help for it. " You may aos well say it at once; you saw uIts, and you heard everything." " Yes," he echoed, "I saw you, and I heard everythin." "Then, Thomas," she said, putting both of her hands oas his arm, and sorcioc him to stop, "youheard me refuse to go. That is better then anything I could have told you, if you heard it." This seemed to lighten her load fcr the moment. At least he had not to take her word for it; he had heard her himself. " I know," she went on with great fervour, "how wrong Ihave been, I know it myself, if you do not say it; but I at least stopped short, and -," she continued, beginning to cry bitterly, " I was so miserable." Keziah had made a mistake in using this last expression. Hackbit had been in love with hier in a certain way, perhaps was so still; and it does not smooth a man's temper for his wife to tell him, by way of excuse, that she has been lad into seeking the company of another man becauso he, fossouth, has made her miserable. It wasu therefoi e with additional bitlerness that he next spoke to her. "Don't try that on with me, Keziah," he said, shaking her off. "1Nothing you can say wilt alter toy decision." Then he had arrived at soime decision, Keziah thought, her heart failing her. She did not attempt to imagine what it could he; she knew it must be the worst for her, whatever it was. "It is not last night alone that you have met that man, Keziati. I know allabout it, and I've determined that, come what may in cou sequence-mark my words, came what tmay yen shall never eater my hbuse again." 1 The full sense of the words could hardly strike Keziah in a moment. Could he mean that she was to have no shelter that night that she was to be shut out of houne and home, like some vile creature who deserved no better ? As she made no reply, he asked her, "L Do you nndersequd i" - 'Tney had walked on, and were now standing before their oiin hause. "You cannot mean it," she said huskily. "I do mean it," he said. '"Try to enter, and I will throw you back with my own hbhd." " But you won't separate me from my baby?" she said, with a nob in her voice. " You care for the baby !" he said with a hoarte laugh. Keziah clung to him. "I do, I do,"she cried. " Let me have him, and I will go away without a word." ~i;~3u-8 -isahacr~thou!haL w m;A "lrIl 'no ybl'r are noE'gowg t starve," he added; "you will know where to go." She would not notice this. "He shall not starve; I would not let him starve." " And so you think I would let him eat that man's bread?" said IIaclrbit sarcastically. "Oh, 1 can't make you believe me, if you won't," said Keziah; "it would not be that I man's bread; but he should niot starve." "And in any case," went on Hacklbit, "do f you think I should let my child starve?" But you would let me starve." " You are different, and you know where to i go." ''I'm his mother," pleaded Keziah faintly. " Weve talked enough," was the reply. I "Away with you;" and he pushed some money l into her hanud, a few coins. She flung them t from her, nod the snow covered them. In a flash, it seenmed, he was gone, and the door was I shut, and she heard it barred. Excited to frenzy. she felt like ringing the bell violently, and rebelling agasinst this sudden expulsion; and I she stood and gazed, she could not have told how long, at the house. At list shewasconsciousofsomeoneapproach- 1 ing her; It was Silas Rimpler. She moved away, and he did not see her. She heard bin rie los hbell. She heard thl door unbolted. It was opened, and a flood of light shut across the oOsv.coeored path. Should she make a sudden bhund, and be wiilun that light and warmth, and beg him on her knees to let her reina-n with ber baby? No, it could be of no use; nothing could beof any use now. The dour was shut, and again she heard the bolts. Stillshe waited, tillat last lights shone out from the windows of her husband's and ir. Itimplere bedrooms. Then thess lights went out, and all was dark. The snow began to fall faster. Keziah felt she must do something cor herseli now. But the only thing that sugge.ted itself was to go round to the back of the house, through the garden gate, and look for the night-aursery light. That was out. "Thay believe I am staying at mother's for the night," she thcught. -" They little ksow I ma shivering sut here."' Woat a grim satire it seemed. She was oland.ng on kte opot where, lat night, she had listened, with so much mndideti loaying in her heart, to an appeal to leave the 115e. Io. nightshe could not enter again if one would. She passed out at tha garden gate sir un. She coild not asty there, it was clear. Ga to her father a she would not. No, she muat walk on. as far away as she could, before morning. She would wrice to her mother. But the roeds were bad, and walking was difficuilt. Wheu once outuide the gate, she had turned and thrown sone kiisae towards the wiodow where the little Leonard was asleep. lAt la-st he s'll not ill-treat the ehdd," she thought; and that was soesethiog. She had got a little housekeepicig money in her pocet. ohe could go on a fese dave till she should get eomothing to do. She trudged latieouly aleng the road, which grew darker. She knew where she was goiug, and kept her direction; it was to Wolverhaimploa. She knsew of a women there who kept a regiscry office for servouta. She had got cervaties for ien. She w ould gnoo her, and get a tsospoai y lodging while bs esa- plan. se:l Viat to da. The weoman had always seemed kiCd and pleasant; and this was the only person Keei.h could think of that she would be williag to go to. It was a loug. weary wslk, and Kexish had notmadetuachhosda'ay whenalse wasconscious ut being followed. She stopped a moment atd lisseoud. No one w0s following her. Yet as soon se sele segan to walk again, sheheardthefooisiepe after her. Some :urnaces we:e lighting up the way ahead of her, now. She must pass the glow; so must the one who was following her. it is a horrible feeling, that of beisig folaowed in the sterkne's, acid only those who have eaperinrcied it can knsow how horrible. Aloug as Bek Country road thisin especially true. There is a grimness about the road, the boundaries of wshich are so often black mounds, or dark, s:ngianst waters. To be followed on each a road is worse than to be followed on a decans high road with inoffensive hedges on either eide. Keziah felt this to the full, in her excited oan dition. It was one hoanor more iddwi to the rest. Bfeides, iti' almosta not-sityfora Block Country person born and bred to have some trace of superstition, so called; and itdidalurm lIeziah all the mors that the faoostope csaoed when ahe listened to them. She walked on bnrsvely.aod wgsgetting nearerand nearer to the light of the foundries. But then the elaiginir of the iron made it almost imponEible for er to hear the footateps. She elung to chahope that 'asidhould se''wlid it'i' s ivhen they bothl.'" paessed the light of the foundry. And now she ht-eltlf was in the full glare, and her ears were deafened by the noise. A. thought struck her. "Perhaps the thiung that is following me may wait till I am out of sight before passing;" and she, who had otten traversed the road before, knew by experience that there were miles of- dark, deserted road beyond this one light. Opposite the foundry wab a tumble- down cottage, one of many ouch, deserted and left to ruin when those who had occupied them head migrated. She.would hide herself a moment in this place, and perhaps the theme that was - followingher would pass before her eyes, Once inside the cottage, she placed herself in the shadow near where a window had been, but where now not even a frame existed. She could see the road, and she could see the foundry. She moved a little further, for no particular reason. and something serang upoun her with an unearthly sound. All sensatioc stoppedwithin her for a moment, and then'her heart gave a great thump that nearly shook" her. She saw what had startled her, foir it Was crossing tihe road now in the light. It was only a homeless cat that had sought shelter from the inclement weather. Still, the fright' had increased her nervousness greatly. She tried to keep her attention on the dark road, with a streakof light acroses it. But omehriw her gaze was fascinated by the foundry, where' the night-workers moved hither and thither in a terrible glow of light, being covered at times by masses of sparks, and then dragging out from between immense rollers long-lengths of red-hot iron, and carrying them quickly, and without any apparent discretion, right among the crowd of other workers, and laying them at the side of others to cool upon the ground. These silent workers, for they were nottalking to each other-how could they, for that matter, amidst the hubbub of bammers, the hissing of streams of water upon red-hot iron, and the roaring of the forges ? They' seemed to Keziah's excited mind almost like demons preparing for some evil deed. """ But now, as she looked, something obstetrcted the view. It was the figure of a man along the road. His face was turned towarlac the forge, and he seemed puzzsled, and stood hesia tating. At last he walked across a' black - moundt that separated the forgo from the'road, and went towards the great shed under which the men were working. IHe seemed to be' speaking. One man came out of the glare, and he held his ear towards him, and then hook his head and went back. Iseziah felt she must move on now, or be de= tected. For how did she know that' the stranger, whom she believed to be the persoi:;' rwho had followed her, might not look next into the ruined cottage? lBut no, she could not move away. Hie was crossing the road, in - the direct stream of light, and his back was in. the full light; his face wase in shadow.> She put her hand against some of the brickwork to . steady herself, and it came down with a csrash..:' The stranger paused, arid then made his way to the cottage, One of the bricks had fallen heavily upon her foot. It was extremely noinful. Everythlug seemed to be closing in. Tie figure entered by' the docrway, and came quite near to her, and then, in what seemed to her an unearthly tone, spoke her name. If ,he aid not cry out, that did not proceed from any great bravery nr her part; it was fram inability. Who has not in a thunder storm waited with bated breath' for the next clap and flash? and if on a lonely etretch of moor, who has not trembled inwardly in such a storm, as crash has succeeded crash, and glare, utter darkness ? Keziah's life of the last few hours was such a storm as this, and at this rnoment her breath was bated for another crash. with possible direful conselquences. Someone had said, "Keziah," but the voice was one she did not know. In what appeared ages afterwards, a hand - travelled towards her, and touched her. Then the same strange voice said, " Don't you know oe ? I have come to take careof you." Then the bolt had not descended upon her and struck her. This was her thenght at first. But on its heels came another thoaght. The bolt had descended, and had struck her. She knew who was speaking to her. "How dare you follow me?" she said. " How ran you have the cowardice ? And only loast night you promised me you would never seeme again. You have lied to me: you have lied to me !" she said bitterly, the tears chasing each other rapidly down hEr cheeks in the darkness. A eroa- was theonly reply to this. " Why, do you want me to hate you, too ?" shecried. " If you loved me, you would -care for my reputation." " Oh, Keziah," cried her companion in heart broken touea, "to think you should ever me S. -"nrr"od5er..tS - h isunderstood' n's, qsite misandrrs'eetasi:"'--PUUI--"; -ýM " I have understood you perfectly," returned Keieah. " It is you who have not understood me." And she tried to limp away. But the pain in her foot was so great, she was obliged to stop herself. "Keziah, why won't you believe me? I said I had come to take care of you, as your father roight. or your brother;. th t is ray meaning." ''Yea," she cried, passionately, "like my father and my brother you have well spoken. .Iv father and my brother would ruin me for their "wn ends; so would you, or you would never have asked me to leave my husband's roof last night, and so get me turned out to eight. Yet I was going away, praying for you, end forgiving ysou. But saw you have broken your word and followed me, to take advantage of my misery, what can I say to you ? If ever there was a moment when you should have kept yourself far from me, it is now." "Keziah, I would die for you." "Then why not do a small thing, and keep away from me?" , Keziah, that is a greater thing." "Then be a man and do the greater thing. I have done wrong, too." she said, weeping afresh, " or I might never have come to this." "No, it was all my fault," said Rupert, gazing with despairing tenderness at her. I deserve what has come," said Keziab. "Heaven knows, thatis not true," replied Rupert. "It is I and only I, who have been to tlame. Keziah. tell me what to do, and you shall see how I will obey you usno." "Go- back at once to tLeainigton, if you meao what you say; and show the world that I am not wirl you. That will be proving your love for me." "I will do it," he answered, with a sob. "But lou will tell rue where you are going? At least you will tell me that "' "No," said Krziah. sadly: "It isrightyou shouldl not know that either." " What harm could it be for you to tell mei' where rou are?" "'There would be harm." "You have some money with you?" "Yes. I hare some mousy." "And will you tike juot a little from me? You may retur-r it somer day. if you hke." " Do you not uesieroraud,"h broke out Kezish hotly, "Cthat 1 cane have no dealings with you of oup kind? Go bhck at once: yeu may even now hose been Peen follewineg me." He tak of a large scarf shot was about his neck. i Let me give yeo this, Kezih. Yousare but i ' lad." "How can you!" she cried, despairingly. "Why do zeu miLke my way so difficnlt? Would yeer heve me found ita possession of your'' scarf; Where is your common sose " Oh, Gd " cred I'upoer-. breaking down rtterly, and sobbing. " And am I, who lore you so, notrto be allowed to do the ltast thing for you. beteuse a cursed villain hasrobbed you - fron me. and ill-treated you, and abut his door aspos you;"' " It ran 'lo no good to talkof that now5" said Kociah. She was about to pass him. He caught her by the arm, at 1Ishaken with eobs, and would nrot let her paes. She fried to wrench henrlf free. (To BE rONTia'rED.) 