CHAPTER XXXIII. " IOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN JIG IlHTTElt TITAN XOTHllEAIBN SIB 1" *. "For naver cnn true reconcilement grow Whore "wounds of daadly hato have pierced BO deep." MUTTON. It waa tho cvouing of tho day upon whioh Therwell had visited Tressillian Hall and Bcoountered such oomploto discomfiture at tho hands of ita young master. . Tho twi light shadows wero gathering around Eden oourt, enveloping- the mansion, park, and ploaaaro-grounda in a soft, delicious haze that was inexpressibly delightful after tho broad sunshine ol the day. : lt was lido Dare's favorite hour, and tho young girl was wal bieg slowly up and down tho garden path?, between rows of blossom ing spring flowers whioh seemed to yield their sweetest breath to tho deolining day. Her delicate figure, robed in the softest gray, relieved only by a fleeoy scarlet; shawl, seemed appropriate to the hour and tho aoene. Her pura, thoughtful face, aurrounded by a wealth of glossy brown curls, looked almost as if oniaelled in marble,, and her manner waa unusually quiat and self absorbed. ? ... Arouad her waa aproad a lovely scene, fit tor tho haunt af a pori. In tho oentro of tho gardon, from which all tho walka radiated like the points of a star, was an exquisite marbia fountain ; tho central urn waa supported by dolioatoly sculptured figures, whioh boro their burden with a graoo seldom compassed in marble.. Over the urn, poised eaah by one tiny foot upon the brim, siood, in graoetul attitudes, a band of water-nymphs who, in playful mood, wore flinging water at each other. The crystal drops dashed ovor the flowing hair.of each marbia maiden, and then fell with musioal mutnura into tha basin. Vinoo-troiled olong-Hha brim of the urn, entangling tho gleaming feet bf tho nymphs, and drooped in loose festoons over the outer edge ot tho basin, affording n lovely blossoming frame to thofouniain. But tho futuro prcprietress cf these beoutios did not bestow ono condering Rlanoe upon tho fountain, nor the flowers, nor tho rowa of tropioal trees planted in boxes which lined tho walks, nor upon tho many ovidonoBB of taste and wealth that crowded tho gardou. With a quiet step sha walked along, her gray silken robe trailing over tho gravollod paths, and her shawl gathered tightly over her broaat. She waa thinking ol what Mrs. Amry had promised her, and was building hopes upon it- Sha waa thinking, too, of her father, and planning, as she had done continually of lato, how to avert from him tho oonaequonoes ot his own fatal weakness and indecision. . _?' ; - . > Wrapped in reflection she waa not con. ecioua of the approaoh of nn intruder until abe hoard her name pronounoed, ¡and beheld, Therwell by har Bide. ''V " A pleasant evening, Miss lido,", ho Baid, in a pleasant voioo, his faoo without a Btgn of the anger that had dieflgured it some hours earlier. .' I hope you. do not find yourself greatly fatigued after your long ride td Oak ?shaw!'1': ;?"-.;,':'-' y "Thank you, no," roplied the maiden, her aocont exprosaivo- of haughtiness, as she oBBaycd to pass bim. -"'-??',? - ' Ha laid bia hand lightly on har arm. Vi Db not '.leave, mo'yet," ho chid; smoothly, yet iu a voice that convoyed a command. " I have eomothiug to say..'to you. ' Plc ano take my arm."-. . . . . " I will hoar'what you have to Bay," sho 'answered, " bnt I prefer to walk alone." Ho detected her ditbka and defianco in har toncB, and'did not prosa tho point. Hia month ourved itself into an extremely dis ar.rooable smile, as if ho wore pramlaing him self ample revenge io tho future for her proecnt scorn. " Very well, Miaa Hie," be dcclr.rea, timing bis atepa to hera, and keeping ut her aide. " Have your own way HOT, for yeur daya of maiden freedom aro cumbered. "When I first came hero I Baid you should havo a month iu which to prepara for our wedding. So far aa I can learn you havo not commenced the slightest preparation. I havo heard of no visitB or orders to town milliners ; I have seen no bustle such BS usually preeeedea tho marriage of a groat heiress ; no noble friends bava called to con gratulate you upon your engagement or to pay their reBpeots to the bridegroom-eloot. In short, Miss lids, your conduct through out seems that of ona who either has co faith in the projeoted marriage or who oocup'ea her time in scheming to prevent it." " Your random guesses have hit the truth, Mr. Therwoll," said the maiden, coldly. Ho did not appear to notioo her remark. But hia tones bad a character of bittcrnesa and anger in thom, as he said : '. Then I havo something elsa to complain of. Yon are my betrothed wife, and I do not choose that you should tako midnight rides with ycun<! gentlemen. I dara say your expedition had tho approval of your father. I know you were attended by Miss -Aredale and your old groom, still I do hot choose that my futuro wife should take journeys unattended hy mc. Do you not know that your conduct has been such as to encourage Lord TreeBillian to love you? Hit lorduhip actually hopos to make you hia wife." "Aud I hopa to become ao !" responded Ilde, in a low ¿lear tone, while oven in the twilight it might have been seen that the hue of her cheeka rivaled tho vivid scarlet of her shawl. " You do ?" ejaoulflted Therwell. " Then you really intend to defy me ? You intend to sacrifice your father to tbs laney of a moment ? You will ooolly wituoss his asoant to tho soaffold-" . "Hold I" cried Udo, in a spirited, com manding manner. " Da not dare to speak to mo in that way of ray honored father 1 Havo you for one instant believed that 1 oonld sit down supinely, without a struggle against the revolting destiny you would force upon me? Havo you imagined that 1 would yield to this horrible fato wiLhout first having tried every moana of escopp ? Yon have strangely misunderstood me." ' . " No, not so," Baid Therwell, quietly. " I . know you had more spirit than your father, end therefore was prepared for your visit to Oakebaw. ; My house-keeper thora had orders to bo on the look-cut for you, and to send at onoo to mo ¡astead of the policed Bat having Bought in vain for the; written; compact, you. must how resign yourself to your fato.". lido's cilanco answered botter than words could have. done. " Still- obstinate-:V-JL.,eeo,l';.Baid. .Therwell. f You would struggle langer, and ao tighten your bonds. Do you think; H well to excite your lather with false hopija ?" ,. , ;" I's ha not dying before; my Veyea;?'\ cried Ilde, passionately, stopping and faoing her porseoutor.- " Does ho not fade perceptibly every day.under the excitement and anguish he suffers? ' So long a's anïostant.of freedom remains to mo I will strive to avortltrdmliim the- crowning horrors of his ,Bad life. ... Ho will dio if 1'marry you. -Ho will die iM ref use. .Heaven help him-my poor father !" ? :'. Tho last words wera uttorod-with a wild ness.that might have touohrd a heart of stone. ..But Therwoll smiled, and said, ooolly : ,. " Better a quiet death without ignominy than to perish, covered with shame, aud by violence. You suffer, too, I see, my dear lido.- Your hopes daily conflict with your fears, and you will soon be exhausted. In \- morey to yoa" ana" to your-rather^ I have dcaidod to hasten our marringa. The fes tivities I have desired oan take placo after tho. wadding, whioh shall bo quite private, einae you seem to desire it BO. I love you, lido Dara, in my way, quite as well as Lord Tressillian does in his. I appreciate your beauty, your spirit, your wealth, your social position. I admire your grace, tho color in your oheeks, thc sweetness of your manner. I am nn epicure, and I do not wish tha bloom brushed off my peach. I mean by that, that I do not ohoose to defer our marriage until grief and despair havs robbed you of your quick, light step, your spirited manner, your soft blushes, and your health. Therefore, I have dotcrmined to shorten tho term of our engagement to one single week from to day." ! " A single waek !" responded Ilde. " Exactly that period," waa the answer, in a tone of affootod lightness. " And I have to request that you will not again see Lord Tressillian, I sent him a nota-an hour ago, Btating that our marriage waa to be hastened, and requesting him not to see you again. So that tie is loosened already." Tho young girl put out her hands blindly for support, and caught at the vine- edged basin of tho fountain. Her face grow as white as those of the marble nymphs, and her eyes shono with a wild light that was visible even in the deepening twilight. }"?. " Only a week I" she said, her thoughts at ono blow taking in all that she had to do it she hoped to provent the marriage. What could she do in seven days? Could she disaovcr the missing witness,Sbawoross? Could she find Therwell's sister, and get from har tho written aompaat ? Could Mra. Am ry bring her weapons to bear in that : brief spaoe of time? "If not,"thought the young girl, a start ling idea taking possession of har strong, ardent sou], and a lofty ooarago animating her whole being-" it not, I will defy bim to do his worst. I will support and uphold my father. Therwell Bball bring his wit nesses against us-and Heaven defend tho right !" This resolve imparted a quiet, calm dignity to her manner that astonished Ther well. She looked at him with the wildness gone from hor eyes, and ho found himself unablo to read her thoughts. ''You still grant mo a week," sho Baid, calmly. "For a week, then, I am free, and shall allow no diatation ns to my pursuits. I shall soe Lord Tressiliaa if I choose, or any other friends who may tako an interest in me." "Would it not ba well to ooneiliato instead ot angering ma?" inquired Therwell, annoyed at her words. " You do not, perhaps, realise how completely you will bo in my powor after the marriage vows aro uttered." " Coward !" cried "tho young girl, scorn fully. " You do well to show mc still moro your real character uow. Permit me to end tho interview." With a stately motion . of her bead, abo gathered her shawl closer and swept past him, taking her way towards the. manoion. Ho looked utter her, half angrily, half proudly. ? ' . "It will ba pleasant to tamo tba proud little creature,"-:ho: muttered, stroking hie ohin. " What delight I shall havo in break ing her in 1 The timo shall oomc when Bha will bo a meek," obedient wife, with no thoughts or aspirations beyond pleasing ma, and ' no feara beyond offending mo. By Jove, I am impationt to begin my task of taming her." . . . He leaned against tho. baoin of tho fountain, and indulged in pleasant mus ings. ' ' By thia time tho heavior aud deeper shadows had nestled down upon tho scone, and'tho glorious gnlnxyof stars were shining in dim and mellow radiance, giving a woird aspect to tho lovely garden, with ita trees, shrubs, and flowers. Therwoll was silent and abstracted, buried in thought. 'Ho did not seo a figure that raised itself noiselessly from thc shadow of como hushes near nt hand, and pauBsd a moment, before attempting to Btenl away as silently as<t had crime. lt was tho ffguro ot MrB. Amry. Sho had followed lido to the garden, in tending to spoak with her, but, obsorving Therwell's npproaoh, had quietly ensconced herself beneath a olump ot bushes, and Í awaited his departure. Thurs eba had un avoidably liateued to tho whole ol the con versation, and had beootae aw.'.ra el the chango in Ilde'a prospects. Sba waa anxious to follow and comfort her, and believed that sba could vanish unseen under the cover of th» shade and tbe nipht. She paused only long enough to nota thc position cf Therwell, and then glided away. She bad taken, however, but two or throe step?, when ehe inadvertently trod upon a dry twig, which snapped under her foot, and she Btopped abruptly, apprehensive of dis covery. Her fears wore well founded. That alight, crackling sound in tho still ness of the early night aroused Therwell from hia reverie. Ho started, looking around him nervously, as if fearing to nea again tho supposed apparition that had recently appeared to him, and then his keen glances rested upon tho dark outline of that crouching figuro. With a quiok, tigor-liko bound ho leaped towards her. The woman sprang up and attempted to flea a3 she saw his approach, but she had not taken half a dozen steps when his hand came heavily down apon her shoulder, and she found herselt a prisoner. "A listener?" he exolaimed, dragging her towards tho fountain, and pausing in tho lightest spot. " Let mo eeo your faca." The woman hesitated, then ehook off his detaining grasp, and punhod away the olose hood that concealed her features. At the sight of them ho ahrank back with a cry of terror. " No, I am no ghost, Vinoent Therwell," oho said, as hia wild,, incredulous gaze expressed his fear that he was beholding an apparition.- " I am alive."' "Alive I" ho said, in a shuddsring tone. " Alive 1" ' -. "YSB, Vinoent Therwell. Is it BO :hard to believe." "But-but I hoard you were dead." " Thora waa snob, a ? report. ? I-circulated it. I wished you and, all who bad once known me to bolievo me dead.',' t Therwell. continued to gaza upon ..tho woman's worn. ; features. ,with ' siokening terror. ; His round figure seemed to' shrink within ' itself. Hia -ri>und face seemed to gather itself , up -into a thousand wrinkles, His. heavy, : thick lips .trembled, and he seemed suddenly adicted as if' with a<¿ue. Whoever and whatever' tho atrango scorn stress waa, abo had a remarkable influenoo over the wicked aohemer before her. As she remarkod the iffeot ot her preeeuoo, Mrs. Arory drew up ber tall figure, her face grow stern, and shs - Beamed to as3iirno tho oharaotor of a Nemesis. . - ... ;.: ; ?' I am olive, Vinoont Therwell, and hero," slio" c'xolairncfl, in solemn tones that made him shudder. "Faryears I have followed your !atop3 ? without Hading you.' I have .traversed thia kingdom on foot and alone,in -sunshine and in rain,' in cold'and in heat, and the ono thing that han kept mo alivehos been' the hope of finding you. And at laat I have overtaken yon."' - " Tho last words were spoken exultantly, and he heard them. Therwell bent his head upon his banda in an attitude of despair. -? -" You httvc.not : asked why I am hero," said tho woman; after abriof silence. ? "I know already," woo tho hiiaky rcoponso .' Yon cac have but.one errand." v .; "Ia there any good in your heart; Vincent Therwell?" asked Mrs. Amry. " You seem overcome by tho sight of me. Does my face recall happier days, when you wero young and unstained by orime ? . Does it awaken within you a eingle regret for your career ol guilt?" ? .- '.:"??.-.':' She knew in hor heart that It didnot. Bnt she scarcely comprehended the' manner and attitude of Tbcrwoll,* - and--r-tbotofo*oi.on. aaavorea to "OTaoe"tue*'moBii-tjUitrittrDio-uDti: atruclion upon it. ' " I Buppoao," said Therwell, irrelevantly, .'that you have brought officers with you that they are even now in thia ver; garden." : :?.'?"?':??'-,;:'?.:. " No, I nm alone.". . ??? " - Thia was an unfortunate admission. Therwell raised hie'head'with something of his former spirit ;-'the \livid . hue of hie faoo gave place to a natural redness, and he reooverod at oooo his former aoolnoss and solf-poBSOsoion. " No one knows you are here 7" be asked. " You have told no one my story ?" "No one." How Therwell's oyea gleamed then. ?:. " I have told : no one aa yet," said Mrs, Amry, feeling uneasy' by tbe change in hie manner. " I know of your doings here, Vinoent Therwell;. -I -know bow you have schemed to possess tho hand of Miss Dare, and with it her fortune and a sooial position. I know too, : how. yon aro oppressing her poor invalid father, who never injured youl" " You do?" "Yes: and though for y cara I have thought of ? nothing but avenging upon you my own bitter wrongs, I am willing to eon Bider mercy now, if you will but be just, Miss Daro waB kind tome the other day, and fed and ' sheltered me, and I would reoom. ponse her for it a thousand-fold. She is a poor motherless young girl, and I, whom you have made childless, worse than - child less, feel my heart yearn in pity towarda her. Vinoent Therwell, if yon will release Sir Allyn Dare and his daughter, and go away, leaving them to themselves, I will promise to forego my revenge and leave you in peace." The strange seamstress spoke, aa if ehe balievod he would gladly accept tho terms she offered. " You are mild in your demands,',' ho replied, with a ancor. " But supposa I re fUBQ?" .' Itjfuso at your peril 1" waa her stern and quick rosponso. " So surely BB you rofuso to relosBo theso innooant- people from the bonds you have placed upon them, so surely will I denounce you for what you aro I I will evan bring the officora of juotioo to the house to-night-" Therwell interrupted her by a cry of rage and fear. ; His hand disappeared within tho.breast of hie coat, and-when he withdrew ¡t he held within his grasp something that glittered in the starlight. ' : "You should have known me better than to threaten mo," he oaid, in a hieBing tone. " You will cot betray mc- Swear to rae that you will not 1" IC WOB a face glowing with murderous intent that ho turned towards her. . 'Hia oyen had tho ferocious gleam of a wolf's, and bis mouth had an expression that struck tho woman with an instant ooinpteheneion .of her peril. . . . " , Suddenly aha tnrned to fleo. ,: . : , ' He waa ready for tho movement. With a single leap he gained her aide, clutched at her throat . to prevent ber screaming for asaiataneo, anti, demanded, brr r oath ol secrecy. '. Though her tongue, was motionless, hot eyes expressed her refusal. " Then your blood be upon your head !" he (aid. .,-.;':.r^:V.?-. . ?? ''?-?? ".?'"';;' 'Thora waa a flash of ateol in the dim light a hallow moan, thc sound ot a, heavy,'falÜDf body, and .thou, pale and seated, Therwel rushod : from tho gardens, feeling tho brant of Gain upon hia aoul. .' . Tho starlight ahono upon a prostrate figure in the shadow of tho fountain,; : upon,a faoi ghastly in ita pallor ; npon eyes that ataree upward;vacantly ; , and upon a bosom ir whioh tho heart beat faintly-but Btill beat 