GENERAL NEWS. A Pklt Want.— Messrs. J. H. Kobertsoo and Co , of Stationers' Hall, Ituthvea- street, have made airangements wheivby they are enabled to keep in hand a Btock of conveyance forms with impressed stamps representing up to £1000. New House Bazaar.— The horse bazaar which was noticed in a urevious issue as being built contiguous to this office by Messrs. A. J. J. Warby & G\, is now completed, and a nicely put together, roomy building it is, making, with its attached oiBces and suite of yards, about as fine stock-selling conveniences us can bc found in the colony. A CrtAxcB pou a Farm.— Those in want of a valuable compact farm should be on the lookout to-day when Messrs. T. Or. Kjbinson & Co will offer David Morrissey's farm of 83 acres of first class laud tutuutcd just one mile from Meringamlan railway station, and close to the State school. It is highly improved, with substantial fencing, snug cottage and other buildings, and a large urea under wheat. As for the soil it will simply grow anything. The farm must ha sold, aud liberal terms may be arranged. Wbslbyan- Baxd or Hope.— The Band of Hope in connection with the Wesleyan Church, held its meeting in the schoolroom adjoining the church, on Monday evening last, when a fair number of members and friends were present. Mr. Pomfret occupied the chair. The programme consisted of songs, readings, recitations, and an instrumental trio hv Mr. Jarrott, Master Louis Jarrott, and Master. C. Palethorpe. An attraction, and a decided success, was the juvenile choir under the con ductorship of Mr. Jarrott. Four new mem bers were enrolled. Auk of Safetx. — The New Ark- of Safety Lodge, I.O.Ct.T., held their usual weekly meeting in the Temperance Hall on Tuesday night last, Brother T. Hillcss in the chair, and 50 meinben present. The minutes of last session were read and confirmed. One can didnte was proposed for membership. A communication was received from tho Grand Lodge stating that the Grand Chief Templar and several other Grand Lodge olficers would he in this town on Thursday night, June 4th, and wished the Good Templars of Toowoomba would hold a united tomporaneo meetiug that night. It was resolved that this bo done. After the usual lodge business was gone through, a very enjoyable night of fun was spent, lasting till JO o'clock. The Chief Templar, in closing the session, stited that the programme for next Tuesday was ' Pound and auction night.' St. Patuick'3 Dkbathrs.— The St. Pat rick's Debating Class held its usnul weekly meeting in the Hibernian Hall, on Tuosday lest, Mr. JU'Grath in the chair, and about 20 members present. The elec tiou of olficerd for the current suasion was the business of the evening. The election re sulted as follows: — President, Bev. T. Hayes : vice-presidents, J. Fogarty and D. T. Dillon ; secretary. Mr, W. Moran ; treasurer, Mr. R. Kelly; auditors, A. Mc.Grath and J. Carrigg ; librarian, Mr. 1\ Moruhan ; editor of manuscript ''Gazette,' Mr. M. Laracy ; committee, Messrs. Hyde, Doyle, Kearney, and JSrowii ; concert and dramitic committee, the president, and Messrs. Dillon, Bratchford, and McGratb. Mr. A. M'Loughliu having re signed his position as Premier, Mr. Dillon was asked to form a Ministry, aud consented. He will lay his policy on the table of the house at the next meeting. This having con cluded the business, the class a Ijourned until next Tuesday eveiiiug. Mr. McL mghlin will take the leadership of the Opposition. ParDE of the Downs. — At tho weekly meeting of tho Pride of the Downs Lodge, held on Thursday, 5th inst., at the Temperance Hall, a largo uumbcr of members of tha Naw Ark of Safety Lodge attended to nicoivu the Grand Lodge Executive and sevcal prominent nutivi;iD in iiiu Aoiii^'tMi itibuiuav, nuu v^iui* from Brisbane to officially visit the Touivoomba lodges. Tho general lodge buditieBi was i)ur posiily curtailed to allow the visitors time to transact thu business brought before them, and to nJilreua the members. The C. I'., Brother Walton, in a short speech, introduced tho executive officers. Grand Chief Templar, Brother Watts, addressed the membera on thu present increase of membership of the Order, and hopes of futuro progress. Gmud Treas urer, Brother FinUyson, Grand Mirahal, Brother Barker, Grand Elective Superinten dent, Brother Burstow, District Superinten dent of Juvanilo Lodges, Brother Duncan, and the other visitors, each g»vc weirds of advice und counsul to their fellow-workers on the Downs. Thu G.C.T. answered questions put to him by the tnombura of both lodges on thu working of tha Order and finance. Tho busi ness portion boing fiuwueil, Bongs, recitations, etc., wero the order of the evening, the visitor* dUpluyiu;; considerable talent, and at tho close a hearty vote uf thanks was accorded them. Tho C.T.'s of the New Ark of Sifoty an-J Pride of tho Downs, on the part of their ?up'/ratc lodges, tendered thanks tu the G.L. Executive lor coming among them. The G.O.T., in reply, expressed tho pleusuro they all felt to sco thuso who wcro workers iu the same great cause, und their hope that future good would ariso from tho prosout reunion, | Por,ion Oooav:— On Wednesday, tho case, Timothy Gleoson v. Thnuins Kelly, exeflsaire impottndingtdtiui4gu3, was withdrawn by con sent. Mr Horbirt for complaiuent, Mr. Hamilton for defendant. On Thursday, before Air. \V. II. Groom J. P., Samuel Hughes ploailud guilty to druntconneas and was lot off on paymcut of tho cab hiro of 2s. nccossory in hiscaso. Yoatcrd'iy, beforo thn P.M., -Sarah Kiiiam onco more toed the scratch, this time for imbibition. l'Mned 10s. with 3s. cab hire, in default, soparatinn from her Celestial spouso for the npaco of 4S hours. Joliu Healy was lot off. Monthly LioE.vsixa Court. — At tho sit ting of this authority, on Wednesday laBt, when tho Bench wa9 composed of tho Police Magistrate, and M-sars, O. Cimpbell, Joseph Stirling, Thomas Trevettmn. and John Fahey, J.T.P., the licuuao of the' Goal mercial Hotel, Kuthvon-stroet, was transferred from G- 'irco Grant to John Richardson Fraser. W. M. Brodio npplied for a cortincnto for a general auctioneer's liconso, and produced a letter from the Treasury authorising tho issue of such n licenao in lieu of u district license now held by him. — Granted. Frederick Lindsay Finch's application for a district auctioneer's licansJ was granted. The 'WiUTHua. — The spell of weitarly winds dried up the ground to tho satisfaction of all, aud gave holiday makcra a fine if cold day on Wednesday when it was comfortablo onough in tho sun behind a breakwind, but the sun's rays availed littlo against the icy breeze. In th« evoning tho wind dropped, with tbo inevitable cnuscquenco of a hard frost, ice coating every particle of oxpoaed water in tbo morning. Aa usual also after a first night's frost, the day following was simply perfection, such as can bo seon only on the Downs in midwinter. This was followed by frost again last night. Land CoxritT. — Tho following business wus transacted by Mr. Commissioner Warner at tho usual monthly Land Court on Wodnosday last: — Applications to select agricultural farms conditionally approved : W. Stirapson, 130a, Djuan; ,T. N. Thies, 130 1. Djuan; Leonard Collins, GlOa, Rosilio ; J. H. Kediug, IGOa, Milton; Samuel Plan'. 640a, Ravensbourni! j Frank Sember IGOa, Milton ; John Steger, 120a, Boauaraba. Lost by ballot: Ti'o applications of J.. H. McCarthy, F. X. McCarthy, Julia McCarthy, Peter B.iin, mid Florence O'Sullivan for 64l)a, Kaveusbourne. Certificates of fulfillment granted subject to bailiff's report ; AD. Hartwig, 126a, Goom bungee ; James Trott, 370a, Beauaraba ; H. C Frederic, 12S0a, Bist Prairie. Adjourned for inspection of Crown bailiff : The applica tions of Robert Murphy ami John Murphy, for certificate of fulfilment of conditions. Post poned : The application of Liwreuco Burke for certificate of fulfilment for selection 36-11, Ramsay, to enable improvements to bo com pleted. An Exaggeration. — Wo drew attention ! at the time to the excruciating indignucion j shown by our senior member over one or two misreports or exaggerations nnent unionist doings, whilst not a ghost of a spasm of condemnation was directed to unionist outrages, inuru especially tuu jjuiuuiuiumi uiiuu, uuijr slightly less scandalous in its nature than the j rumoured outrage on the Warrego. From the following extract from a letter from Mr. To7.er to Mr. Rylands of Gympio, it will be seen the Colonial Secretary is of tho same way of thinking. '? I may also add that this office did not receive any confirmation of a report which appealed in one newspaper here concerning soire alleged outrage on females on tho Warrego, which appears to have been an exaggeration of somewhat similar facts reported to inn about that time by Inspector Stuart from the same locality. Of all tho officul reports of crimes recently communicated ] I have confirmation, and have seen nothing in the columns of the Press from outside sources not confirmed by official repirts, save tho one incident above mentioned. — Horace Tozeb.' PEiTr Debts.— Before the Police Magis trate yesterday, the case Thomas Stewart v Bernard McKewin (Pittsworth) was dis posed of, Mr. Herbert appearing for plain tiff, Mr.- Hamilton for defendant. This case lasted all the morning. Plaintiff, who is a painter livinsr at Pittsworth, claimed £17 5s as follows : £3 10s for paintiug two rooms and bar of defendant's licensed house at Pittsworth, £2 15s for burnishing and cloaniDg furniture, £2 17s 6d for doing- up counter and fittings, 5s for making cushion, aud £2 17s Cd for doing up the buggy. He also claimed that defendant had goods in bis possession which were the property of plaintiff, who had likewise suffered serious damage through defendant detaining these. An account, £14 10s, was. put in and acknowledged by plaintiff as in his handwriting, but ho deposed that defendant took it out'of his (plaintiffs) hook and it was not given by him. Por tho defence it wis state..! that the amouut of contract was only £3 10j, and a contra accouut of £16 IU 2d was put in, to ivitig- pkiutiir indebted in the sum of fiS li 21. Tho principal items in the bill wero— Imrd and lodging £1 18-s, drinks £j 2a, goo Is supplied by M irivodol and Co., £1 153 9d. The drinks per day ransol frjm Is up to 10s G.I. Judg ment was given for defendant for £-9i8.I, while he was ordcrnd to give up the property claimed by plaintiff, or piy £-5 Defendant was also allowed costs to the amount of £3 183. 3d. ;. Toowooscba. 1'a.ruamf.st — The naual meeting of the above w,w held at the School of Arts on Tuesday evoning lust, Mr. Ogilvie (Spaalwr) in the cluir. There was a fair *tteudanc3 of members, and soveril now members wore admitted. A qusitiou was asked the Ministry as to the motive which actuated the Minister for E lucation in publishing hU roply ti the T.iow.vbmbi Presbytery. The Premier replied tint somo thing besides either raitive or common SRnso mii3t have actuated that Minister to so thoroughly give himself; awayjbut a blunder of that sort did not affdet tha position of the Ministry. The -debate w« on the second reading of thi Trades D.sputes Vrbitmiiion Bill. In the absence of the Minister for Education, the Premier pripised the second reading-, advocating the pressing necessity of dealing with this question at once. Tliero wove (he said) iniuiy claims trudu by tlio unionists aud dotnaoih by the federal em ployers which avo only tenable beforo secret conventions. If tho«e matters were sub mitted to an opea court many claims which hive now great influence would b# exposed as preposterous by the criticism of tho Press aud the public. Ha would advocate tho dealiug ? with trade disputes U9 other disputes were dealt with. Give an opun , court und nasy access of either party to that court, uud make the decision of that tribunal binding, Con ciliation might b-j uioful, but h« did not con sider that was a matter fur Parliamentary action. The loader of tho Opp.nition com plained that .'a clear explanation of tho bill had not been given im1 quoted tho find ing of tbo Royal Commission in New South Wales as to boards of conciliation. The Colonial Secretary replied, and in doing so said the leader of tho Opposition made one thing cloar in his short speech, and that was that ho had not read tho bill, or if he read it he did not undorstand its provisions. The motnber for Ipswich opposed tho bill, saying that it was badly drafted, some of its pro visions contradicted others. In his opinion the bill was too sore on employes of Ubour. Several members sp.ilto on tho subjoct, alnvist all condemning the way in which tho bill was draftod, some claiming that it n-as favouring the employers and others that.it favoured tha workers. E ich of the speakers occupied the ten minute) allowed, and thu debate was adjourned till next meotinp, whou it is oxpoctcd the mutter will bo further discassoil and the dobatu closed. In moving the ad journment of tho Houso, the Prumior said that, time pormiiting, ho purposed to submit, for a first reading ou uoxt meeting night the National Land Bonk BUI. RoTATi AamouiTr/itAi SooiRTr. — A meet ing of tlio committee of this society was held. »fc the office of tho Jondaryan Divisional Board last night, when tbo judges for the forthcom ing show wore appointed, nnd other business in connected with the annual event transacted. Naval Dkvbnors.— We are pleased to find Unit tho course rcrainmonded in our last issuo with regard to tho Naval Defence Bill has boen adopted by tho Government. It is parti cularly becoming in Sir Thomas M'llwraith to retreat from a position he can cow soo tho unbecomingnoBs of,| not to mention its impolicy. The Ciecus. — Wirfch's mammoth combina tion attracted excellent audiences - up to tho last. On Thursday afternoon the rush of youngsters was something torrific, and the cheap portion cf tho arona was packed to its utmost density by a youthful mass of humanity wh iso feelings of delight exhibited themselves without restrnint. The show opens tj-night in Ipswich. / Laihks' Benevolent Soctktjt. — Tho monthly committee meeting of tho Ladies' Bt-uevoleiit Society was held in tho School of Arts on Thursday last, the prcsidoiit (Mrs. Clnndinniiig).in tho chair. Accounts tu tho amount of £10 139. lOd. were pissed for pay ment. During tlio month blankets have been given, in addition to provisions, in several cases where they havo been much needed. Iu April fifty-nine tickets for relief were issued in stead of forty-nino as was staged, nnd fifty five in May. The committee acknowledge with thunks voluntary donations from Mrs. Brodribb, £3 3s., and Mrs. H. Connel, 10n., ' also parcels of clothing from Mra. Brodribb, Mrs. XV. Thorn, and an unknown donor. Thb Insolvency. Crop. — Petitions were filed on Thursday for tho liquidation of Adelaide-street, Brisbane, auctioner, liabilities £10,484 17s. 7d. A general meeting of creditors will be held ut the office of Hart and Flower, solicitors, on Wednesday, 17th instant. Frank Batos, of Brisbane, mercantile clerk, liabilities £032 10s 10(1. A general meeting of creditors will be held at the office of O'Sbea and O'Shea, solicitors, on Thursday, 25th instant. Also ICdwurd Holland Phipps, of Queen-street, Brisbane, Jeweller. The Ha bilities are set down at £L7O4 12s. 4d. A Genoril meotina; nf creditors will be held at the office of O'Shea and O'Shea, solicitors, Brisbane on Thursday, 18th instant. A Loss to ToowooMnA. — Bat Too woomba's loss is Cairns's gnin. On Tuosdny last Miss Munro, our undisputed queen of song since tho departure of Miss Coren, took a final leave of the uonmiiuity where she win so much appreciated, being on that day married to Mr. Robert Craig, of Cairns. This talented lady, who has been organist of St. Stephen's Church for many years, was an invaluable clnreh-worker ii every aspect of church work, and her abseuce will create a void that can scarcely be ex pected to be ioon filled. Aliss Hil der, who has accepted the position of organist, will doubtless give every satisfaction, but the memory of her predecessor will not fade for many a long year iu that congregation. Mr. and Mrs. Craig left on the day of their union for thtir home in that tepid but most romantic locality of the North. Orbebed a Sea Tovage. — We yesterday received a letter that must havo possed through some intelligent hands. It bore inside the stamp of the Government Advertis inpf Board and was signed on behalf of the Government Printer, the date being May 30th. So far all right ; the outside is the enrious part of the missive. The first thing on the envelope that attracts the eye are the words LOOSE SHIP LETTER in large black letters. Then comes the postmark of Rockampton, June 1; then that of Brisbane, June 4; lastly that of Toowoomba June 5, the date of receipt. The address, written as plain as plain could be, read9, ' The Gazette, Toowooinba' — neither more or less. Perhaps it wero too curious to enquire why a letter addressed in Brisbane as above should find its way ub a 'loose ship letter' to Rockhampton. Bnt we are going to enquire, all the same. ' ; The Parkbs Ministry.— The logic of facts corroborates Sir Henry Parkes' statements of unity in his Cabinet, in refutation of rumours to the contrary so industriously promulgated almost ever since it was a Cabinet. On Tuesday last ho was interviewed by a Herald representative. ' Reminded that rumours are current to tho effect that strong dissension exists in the Cabinet, aud that one of its members is on the point of resigning^ Sir Henry expressed astonishment at such a stato ment gaining currency. Turning over tho leaves of the Blue Book, he said facts therein contained irrefutably contradicted any such as sertions. 'Che Ministry took office on March S, in 1389, in six days it would have been in power two years and three months out of a possible lifetime of three years, yet there] hod been no change, aud uo threatened change. Differences of opinion there naturally had been, as was inevitable iu a eonclave of any 10 men who had to govern a country such ob New South 'Wales, but their claslnngs had been soley confined to personal matters, altogether apart from the Government's policy. On all questions of policy the Government had been ut one, and on questions of policy it was at one now, with a cordial unity which to him was a source of gratification, if not surprise. It was, in face of such facts, amusing to hear these rumours of dissension end disintegra tion.' A Ebdrbation- Problem. — A corres pondent of the Pall Mali Gazette writes : ? As the Times correspondent at Washington has conveyed wh-it you term ' a striking hint. . . that the real difficulty' as to the New Orleans case ' is not Europe in America at all,' it may be well to point out that a similar difficulty occurod fifty, years ago as regards tho jurisdiction not of a Southern State but of the state of New York. . I quote from Ashley's ' Lifo of Lord Pulmerston' .— ' During the Canadian rebellion an Amirican s'.eamer, called tho Caroline, which had been engaged in currying iirms to the rebels, was boarded iu the night by a party ,of loyalists, set ou fire, and driven over tha falls of Niagara. She was lying at the time within the territorial jurisdiction of the State of Now York, uud au American citizen lost his life in the affray In Jauuary, 1811, Alexander M'Leod, u Bristish subject, was arrostod while engaged on some businoss in New York 8t*to, and imprisoned on acharge of murder, because as was alleged, ho had boen concerned ' in the attack on tbo vessel.' Tho British Govern ment doinauduil bis reloue; but the United States ' replied that they would not interfero with the internal coucerns of the State.of New York, or with the action of its authorities.' ' Tbo incident nearly lend to war, and Lord Palinerston's lotter to Mr. Fox, the British MiniBter at Washington, is perhapa worth recalling :— ' I presumo (ho wrote) that if wo SrH-'1'1?. ^VIr- Voi3^h) that in the event of M-Leod s execution wo should make war upon the State of Now York, ho would roply that iu such case we should, ipso faoto, be at war with the rest of the Union. But if that is so tho rest of the Union, must havo the moans of preventing the Btato of New York from doing a thing which would involve the wholo Union in war with England. Forsyth's doctrine is pure nullification doctriuo'1 Ultimately a Utica jury ended the difficulty by finding M'Leod not guilty. Tho above slight remini scence of recent history will sorve to show that tho so-callod constitutional defect of which much has rocoutly boen written, has not; now arisen for tho Hrst time, and, farther, that it does not point, as tho Times corns' pondout appears to wish to make out, to any ebullition of auti-Podoral tooling iu tho South The easu with which any self .governing British colony could Involve tho Empire iu war soeins to h»ve boon entirely lost eight of ra the diaouuion of tha Now OrleanB one, PiHB-ArriE Jt/ioh fob Dipthebia.— Pine- npple juice is almoBfc invariably used for the onto p£ diptberia in iho Southern States oE America, and is never known to fail, even in extreme cases. The juice of a ripe pine-npplo is squeezed out, and the pntiont swbIIowb it. It is so corrosive thot it cuts out thedipbthflritio membrane. When tho fruit is going out of oeason juice is kept hottled, and answers admirnb'y if it is not sweetened. Of courso it would be ndvisable to seal the bottle with wax. Naval Demonstration.— The Men of having a navnl demonstration in Hnbson's Bay on the arrival of thn ve-S'ls forming tho Australian Auxiliary Squadron will, it appears (nays the Melbourne Argun), be i frustrated by arrangements which have already ;. been entered into by tho Imperial wnr autho ritica as to the route to be taken by the ves'cls ; on their way out to Australia The undor ' Btanding which had been arrived at by Admiral \- Lord Charles Scott and the Minister of . Defence was that the vessels should meet at ; King Georgo's Sound, and coino on to Mel bourne in company, and that on entoring the ? Heads thep should be joined by the vessels forming tho Victorian Navy. It has now : been ascertained that the vessels are to pro ceed by a way of Batavia to Thursday Island, ? mid that they will then go on to Sydnoy, fl:- that -try demonstration at Melbourne will be out of tho'qiiestion. Sir Frederick -Sareood recently telegraphed to the Agent-General, asking that such sailing arrangements might be made as to allow of the demonstration in Hobsoit'a Bay being carried out, and yesterday he received the following reply : — '? The . Secretary of State for the Colonies writes that ho bad already suggested a rendezvous n£ the ? ships at Western. Australia. Tho Lords of the Admiralty have, however, directed that ? tho place of rendezvous should bo itt Batavia, and that tho vessels should proceed thence to Thursday Island, where. tho Cotnmanderin Chief in Anstralia'will give orders as to which ports are to lie visited on the pussige to Sydney.' Divine Service will be conducted in St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, to-morrow, morning and evening, fit tht usual hours. Subjects : Morning : '? Abraham's irreat trial.' Evening : ?' Wh.at and bites.' T. G. Robinson and Co. sell to-day at 11.30, . 83 acre farm at Meriuganilnn. T. 0. Robinson & Co. sell to-day, nt II, 105 horses, tho racer Daisy, polo ponies, fat and storo cattb', pie«, pure andlnblo poultry, farm and dairy produce, etc., etc. 