PARLIAMENTS CON TRASTED. In uttering his eulogy of the late Hon. Geoffrey Eagar in the Legis lative Assembly yesterday Sir Henry Parkes incidentally drew a contrast between the early Parliaments of New South Wales and those of more recent years. He said that Mr. Eagar was almost tho last of a group of men which contained some striking figures who watched over the intro duction of parliamentary government into this country. On the principle, doubtless, that distance lends enchant ment to the view, many people sincerely believe that the institu tions of tho past were much better than those of tho present, but it is almost needless to say that their belief cannot be substantiated. The world is constantly progressing, and, there fore, most of tho changes that take place are beneficial to humanity, nnd are improvements on the things which are passing away. The fact has been expressed in beautiful language by the Poet Laureate, but ages before he was born it was proclaimed by greater men than. he. The attractive pictures of the past that have been drawn are the work of the imagination, and they are as different from the reality as it is possible for them to be. No reason able person would desire to substitute the civilisation of Henry YIII.'s time, when England was " Merrie " England," for that of the present day, or the political institutions of the timeof GeorgeI. for tliosonow possessed by the Australian, communities. Butt although there must be general pro gress amongst civilised nations it may happen that somo things are not influ enced by the evolutionary movement, or may, to use the language of scien tists, exhibit a tendency to revert to the original typo. These fluctuations occur in connection, with poli tical institutions, and hence it follows that whilst a community may steadily improve in knowledge and intelligence the governing body may occasionally be inferior to some of its predecessors. Our own Parlia ment affords illustrations of this truth, and the Premier was right when ho conveyed that the Assembly of a quarter of a century ago contained a. larger proportion of strong men than the existing one does. The re mark, we hope, will not be misunder stood. There are able men in the present House— men who have large experience and are fully capable of conducting public affairs — but rela tively they are a small body. They are hot sufficiently numerous to pro duce a favorable impression concerning the Assembly as a whole. What the Parliament of a generation ago was may be inferred from the fact that Sir Henry Parkes was in political life for ten years before he was offered a portfolio. There were giants in those days, and although Mr. Parkes was a skilful debater, and popular with the masses, his services were not needed to give stability to any Cabinet. Of the rank and file in the representa tive Chamber a considerable propor tion consisted of what the Americans call solid men, and, generally speak- ing, they performed their public duties with credit to themselves and to the constituencies that sent them into Par liament. The deterioration of the Legislative Assembly dates from the time that Sir Henry Parkes became a political ' leader, and he is chiefly responsible for the misfortune. If he did not set the example of bestowing portfolios on illiterate men, or mere political adven turers, he haB constantly practised this folly, and it has had a demoralising effect on Parliament. In the days o'f Wbntwortii and Sir Stuart Donaldson, political ' nobodies and murderers of the Queen's English had nob the ghost of a chance of getting a place in the Government, and consequently such persons were not so ambitious of obtain ing seats in. the Legislature as .they, have been since the beginning of Sir Henry Parkes' reign. Here then is one probable reason for the inferiority of recent Parliaments compared with those of many years ago. Another reason may be the devices which the Premier has put in operation from time to time to obtain popularity and keep himself in office. The devil of sectarianism was raised and kept in prominence by him, and how degrading with respect to the personnel of the Assembly that has been everybody knows. A stranger nuuiu iiuivuinur uuuv vug metropolis of New South Wales had been always represented by men of great intelligence and social standing j but as a matter of fact it was for some years previous to the last general elec tions worse represented in these respects than the country districts. Some of the members, indeed, were all that could be desired, but the majority were of a distinctly inferior type. Practically, they were the creations of Sir Henry Parkes. The feeling is, we believe, pretty general that the Premier is the prin cipal cause of the deterioration of Parliament, and, of course, the people who are the subjects of this belief are convinced that after his re tirement from politics the institution will greatly improve. Of the dozen or so of prominent men who sit on the right and left of the Speaker there is probably not one who would imitate the policy or Sir Henry Parkes to conserve popu larity, and therefore all their in fluence will be used, when they have a proper opportunity to exercise it, to make the Assembly a true reflection of the higher intelligence of the country. This will be a part of the work that the Opposition will have to do when it returns to office ; and there is reason to believe that it. will dis charge the obligation in a satisfactory manner. 