RELIGIOUS. What witli Shakers who under-marry and Mormons who over-marry, and the thousand odd religious sections whose doctrines are as liernlcxino: to the ordinary mind as a China- man's private pocket ledger, society seems to be in a state of moral and theological bowil- dcrment. But tho end is not yet, judging by the latest American surprise. Canadian papers recount astonishing doings at somo revival meetings lately held at Ontario, whore one of thospeukers took upon himself to inveigh against a certain article of femi nine attiro by means of which, ho urged, women/ whom naturo had made beautiful, lived and died misshapen monstrosities. "Throw off the accursed invention," cried aloud this infuriated orator ; " throw it off. uud go to God as you left Hiin ! Burn them rather than burn yourselves in everlasting fire 1" An enthusiast, it is alleged, thereupon piled up " material for a bonfire and set light to it, and soon were seen women divesting themselves of their clothing and crying out that they would " die as Goa made them," and not as they had made themselves. How the authorities viewed tho strange fiasco is not mentioned, but they are scarcely likely to give these " revivalists " a second chance of airing their hysterical notions. Cardinal Moran is not alone in bis detes tation of General Booth's " heresies." There was a lively discussion at the Anglican Diocesan Synod, Dunedin (N.Z.), a few days since, over a motion by Mr. James Allen for sending a greeting to General Booth, and conveying the synod's appreciation of him and his work. Canon Howell strongly ob jected to Mr. Booth's, as he called hiin, religious teaching, and stigmatised him as the founder of a sect of false teachers who were weaning people from the Church. Ho would only support Mr. Allen's motion if it wero altered to express sympathy with General Booth's philanthropic efforts, " but that his religious views were abhorrent to the Church of Enclwd." The president amFSberetary of the Baptist Union, Mr. James White and Rev. Charles Bright, are on an official visit to the Orange and Molong churches. Fifty new members and associates have been welcomed by the Hobart Y.W.C.A during the year. The Christian Endeavor movement is making good headway in Australia. A year or so ago the organisation was scarcely known ; to-day there are at least 100 branches in these colonies, and three or four unions. The first annual conference of tiio Bouth Australian Union was held in the Stow Congregational Church, Adelaide, last week, when reports were received from 22 societies, representing 350 active members. A similar union was formed in connection witli tlio New South Wales societies at a meeting held in the Pitt-street Congrega tional Church on Monday. The world-wide union of these societies represents an active membership of close on a million. Last year 82,500 persons entered into church fellowship through this agency in the United States alone, where the organisation originated. The Manly branch of the Women's Mis sionary Association have elected Mrs. T. G. Molyneux, wife of tho minister of the Presbyterian charge, president, Mrs. Fletcher vice- president, and Miss Dean secretary. Tiio Australian Guardian tips the name of Rev. Dr. G'orlette for the vacant canonry caused through the death of Canon Allwoou. Rev. Hornby Spear has been licensed to the Anglican diocese of Bathurst. Ganon Moreton is much improved from his serious attack of influenza. An important meeting to consider the question of a union of the Metho dist Churches in South Australia was held in Adelaide lust night. Some time ago committees wero appointed by the Vvcsleyan Methodist, the Bible Chris tian, and the Primitive Methodist Churches, to advance this object. Tlio principal con siderations are questions of doctrine, polity, and trust affairs. Should this union be effected the strength of the united Chureli would ho as follows : — Ministers, 151 ; mem bers, 13,484 : local preachers, 821 ; Sabbath- school scholars, 33,839 ; adherents, 76,719 ; churches, 528 ; other preaching places, 140. The oldest Catholic priest in the arch-dio cese of Adelaide, Rev. M. O'Brien, died at Morphett Vale on the 20th iust. from in fluenza, aged 72. A drawingroom meeting of the members of tiie Presbyterian Women's Missionary Society is to be held on Friday next to bid food-bye to Miss Maclean, who is leaving for ndia by the Ormuz, to work us a Zenana missionary. To-morrow will be observed as Temperance Sunday by the Weslcyan Methodist churches in this colony. Tiie memorial volume of the late Rev. Principal Fletcher, now in the press, is re ported to be in a forward state. The Primate will hold confirmation ser vices at St. Thomas', Balmain, on Tuesday; at St. Thomas', Enfield, on Wednesday; and at All Saints', Woollahro, on Friday next. Mr. Sydney Black, the evangelist of the Church of Christ who was recently in Syd ney, is now hi New Zealand, having eon- eluded a successful series ot missions in Tasmania. Rev. Osrie Copland, of Prahran, is chair man elect of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria. Professor Gosinau, of Melbourne, who has just returned from England as a delegate to the International Congregational Council, declares that a great (leal of useless bosh was forced upon suffering and patient delegates. Tliere were too mauy delegates and too many papers read. A great difference wns notice able, too, says the professor, in the theologi cal thought of Englishmen, Americans and Australians Rev. W. H. Fitcliett, B.A., president of tho Vietoriau Methodist Ladies' College and editorof tiie Southern Cross, lias fallen foul of the acting editor of the Methodist Jtecorder. Mr. Fitcliett wroto a series of articles on "Methodism Under Other Skies" for tho Jlecorder, Rev. N. Curnoek (the editor) exhorting him to speak his mind fully ami freely. Mr. Fitcliett, as is his wont, did speak very freely, especially regarding English Methodism— so free indeed that in Mr. Curnock's absence in America the acting editor cut these references out. Now Mr. Fitcliett declares he can't recognise his own articles, they have been so " mauled and mangled," and wants to know the reason why. Cardinal Moran is to open tho new Catholic Clmreh at Bowral to-morrow and l'ishop Higgins will preach the dedicatory sermon. An interesting volume will shortly be issued by Canon Goodman, under tho title of " Tlio Episcopate of the Right Rev. Charles Perry, D.D., first bishop of Mel bourne," dealing with the history of the Anglican Clmreh in Victoria. 'The book is now passing through the press. Dr. Mooriiouso painted a lurid picture of Sabbath desecration in Melbourne and up- country townships for the benefit of tho Church Congress at Rhyl. Ho attributed it entirely to the absence of a Stato Church and the deficiencies of tho voluntary system. A brilliant festival was given by the chil dren of tile Loi'elto Convent, Ballarat, on tho 20tli iust., as a welcome to Cardinal Moran anil the distinguished visiting pre lates. The feature of tlio programme wa3 a scenic allegory of Loretto's threefold wisli for her welcome guests. At tho close the Cardinal described the festival as tho crown ing compliment of the festivities of the week aup affirmed that tile young ladies of tho Ballarat Lorclto Convent were the compeers with tho students of any other convent or school in tlio world. Very Rev. T. English. V.G., of Murru- l'uiuli, celebrates tho golden jubilee of his priesthood next month. Wednesday next is speech day at tho Marist Brothers' College, Hunter's-liill. . The sum of £877 lias been received to dato in this colony in response to Rcy. Dr. Paton's appeal on behalf of foreign missions. Through the death of Rev. Dr. Kelynack, there will he no public speech day at New- ing College this year. Rev. George Brown will not as president until au official appoint ment is inaile, and Mrs. Kelynack will con tinue to superintend tlio domestic arrange ments. Three young men of Rev. G. C. Grubb's mission party commence a four days' mission at tlio Sydney Y.M.C. A to-night. Tlio Primate delivered the address at the business men's mooting in the Centenary-hall on Thursday ut mid-day, taking for his text tiio words, "The fashion of this world passoth away," 1 Cor. vii, 31. Preaching in aid of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund at Christ Church, South Yurra, last Sunday, Rev. Horace Tucker citeil cases in the colony where no clergyman had been seen for so long tlmt tlio children thought tlio first ono they saw was a ghost, and further alleged that there was terrible dearth of religious instruction evident aud ignorance of God and tiio Scriptures. In some old gold diggings the church boll had not been sounded for years, liecau.se no church fund had been able to supply clergymen, aud the build ings used for worship had consequently been in disuse. Special sermons were preached and col lections made in the Anglican churches of tlio Melbourne diocese last Sunday iu aid of tho Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. This fund i supports Homo Mission work in tlio diocese, I about £5000 to £6000 being thus utilised in i the course of tiie year. Last Sunday offor- : torics were expected to realise about £1100 or i £1200.' Much more is wanted, for in the i country districts bush services have been neglected, in some eases for a number of years, through lack of funds, besides the drain upon tho resources of the metropolis, where seven new parishes uml 14 districts have been lately added. 