CONSECRATION OF ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, BELARAT. SERMON BY T H E CABDINAL-ABCH- BISHOP.OF SYDNEY. (From our Spictitl Reporters.) THE ceremonies in connection with the oonseoration of St; Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat, naturally attracted a good deal of attention, even outside of the diocese and Oatholio oircles. To the golden city belongs the distinction of being the first in Victoria in which the oonseoration of a cathedral has taken place. The ceremony, so beautiful and impressive in itBelf, and BO suggestive of the sanctity whioh the Catholic Church attaches to her places of worship, can only take plaae when the building is entirely iree rom debt. The actual consecration of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat, took place on Thursday, 19th inst., but of necessity the ceremony was private,; and occupied several hours. The officiating prelate was the venerated Bishop of the diocese, Dr. Moore, to whose energy and zeal is largely due the credit of the erection- and completion of the splendid cathedral. On Sunday, at 11 a.m., the Cathedral was opened to the public, and a Bpecial service in connection with, the oonseoration of the building took place. No less than twelve members of the Australian Episcopate were present, viz., the Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney, the Archbishop of Melbourne, the Archbishop of Adelaide, the Archbishop of Wellington, the Archbishop of Brisbane, the Bishop of Ballarat, the Bishop of Bathurst, the Bishop of Wilcannia, the Bishop of Sale, the Bishop of Port Augusta, and the Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst. There were also in the sanctuary the Bight Rev. Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., Monsignor O'Dowd, V.G., MonBignor O'Hea, Very Rev. Fr. Vaughan, C.SS.R. (Waratah, N.S.W.), the Very Rev. Fr. O'Farrell, C.SS.R., Fr. .Plunkett, C.SS.B., Fr. T. Cahill, S.J., Very Bev. Dr. O'Haran, and about 40 regular and secular priests. Shortly before eleven o'clock the prelateB were escorted to the sacristy by a guard of honour, consisting of the officers of the local branches of the H.A.C.B.S. and representatives of the Melbourne Exeoative Direotory of the society. Punctually at the advertised hour, a procession of the prelates and priests, headed by over thirty aoolytes, and accompanied by the Hon. N. Fitzgerald, K.G.G., W. 3. Archer, K.G.G., D. Brophy, E.G.G., J. Coghlan, K.G.G., jnarohed from the sacristy to the sanctuary, where the Cardinal was conducted to a handsome throne, which, had riecently been erected. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, was the celebrant of the Mass, the assistant priest being the Bight Bev. Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., and the deacon and subdeacon the Very Bev. Fr. O'Farrell, C.SS.R., and Bev. G. Doyle. The master of oeremonieB was the Bev. Dr. Delany. The musical portion of the service was really a magnificent performance. The principals were:—Madame Christian, Mrs. Palmer, Signor Buzzi, and Mr. J. W. Burton. The chorus oonsiBted of over 100 voices, specially trained by the conductor, Mr. W?igley> &> r the Mass and extra muBio seleoted. There was also a full orchestra. On the entrance of the procession of prelates, priests, and acolytes, Zingarelli's Laudatt Pueri was finely sung by Mr. Burton, and during the robing of the officiating Biahop Mr. Lake, who possesses a good bass Toioe, sang Let us Adore in a truly artistio : manner. The Mass was Hummel's in E fiat, a composition which, from its devotional character, ip peculiarly adapted for such oocasionp. The rendition of the beautiful music of the; famous author is generally admitted to be the finest ever heardin Ballarat, and displayed evidence notonly of complete rehearsal, but of oarefol study of the composer's meaning throughout,. The floloa by lifadame Christian, MTB. falmer, Signor Buzgi, and Mr. Burton urate all that the most enthusiastic lover of miisio could deBire. Mr. Burton was most effective in the impressive music of JEi fiuprnatus, and in the beautiful duet with Signor Buzzi. whioh followed. Daring' 'the pflertory, Cursohman'a •Ti, Prfigo, a masterly composition, was sung with orchestral acoompanimentin a,manher tfcat is be'ybna all praise, The musical portion of the service was brought to a conclusion with Bojnberg's Te i>eum. The. qo'a&sional; sermon waa delivered by the Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney, who took for his text the words;— Ton are oome onto Mount Sion, and uhto'tbe City of the living 1 God, tbel heavenly Jerusalem, inf tt> the Ooaponyot many bOBts of ttngel«, and to the ohurch Of the first-born, w}io are written in the heavens, and tp God, tfeo Judge of all, and to tho spirits flf tbe just made pirfeot." (Heb. ill, • kinEminence said :— >MS IJOBDB,V RBVKBEND FATHEBB, ASS DXABLT J*W; IN . 'BKTOVXD IN CHMBT. ' i ' ' It is no ordinary festival that brings; as aroBnflthe altar- to-day. 'The venerable Bishop of this • diocese andhis zealbds elergy; 'with the co-operation of agenerous and devotedfceople, hiave patiently toiled fwtftanyyearB tobring topetfeotion this ferabdCathedral. 1 To-day yourhearts overflow with gladness in that the gTsat task has tleen accomplhifaed. You keep a special feast of jtibilee whilBt you Consecrate this sacred edifice, the work of your bands, to God, and many are the illuBtrious prelates, and prieBts, and representatives of the laity who have oome from afar to be associated with you in yonr joyous celebration. It is befitting indeed that you should rejoioe. It was thus that the Patriarch Jaoob exulted when he saw in vision the Udder of golden light reaching from earth to heaven, and ha cried out in an ecstasy of delight, " This is indeed the dwelling-place of the Most High/' . It was thus that the heart of this royal Psalmist waa filled with joy on the approach of the ark 'of the Covenant, and he summoned attune their harps 'and ifltoned with them the sweet Bnthem—" I' have loved, 0 Lord, the beauty of Thy house, and the tabernacle where Thy glory dwelleth." It was thus that the whole people of Israel kept fsast in solemn jubilee, whilst they assembled from every part to dedicate the Temple of Jerusalem, and in the exuberance of their' joy broke forth into the gladsome cantiole, " How lovely are Thy tabernacles, 0 Lord of Hosts." If we are to look upon this' great work solely in the light of a material structure, there is even thus abundant motive for your rejoicing. In its architectural symmetry and fair proportions, in the richness of its ornamentation, its sanctuary, its altar and. stained-glass windows, its perfect beauty in minutest details, it is a monument everyway worthy of your beautiful city and of the munificence for which your citizens are proverbial. But, more than all this, a Cathedral is an enduring-monument of religion, and as such this sacred edifice will be to many a generation yet unborn, a record of your piety and generosity, and of the earnestness of the spirit of Faith which alone conld achieve so great a work. And whilst we thus regard it as a religious monument* must we not, firBt of all, lift up our hearts in thanksgiving to God, who in these latter days, in the ways of His mercy, has wrought so wonderial a ohange in this fair land ? Truly, the arid waste.has been clothed with bloom like a paradise of delights, and that which was a desert has become a garden of God. A supreme throughout this Australian con tinent, and the untutored savages were held spellbound in the lowest depths of superstition. Now the light of the Divine truth shines brightly throughout the length and breadth of the land, Christian civilisation spreads out its blessings on every side, and an enlightened people, proud of the freedom which is its birthright, erects innumerable monuments of benevolence, and education, and religion, to prove its gratitude for the heavenly gifts which it has received, and to give glory to the Most High. Well indeed may we exclaim, " The finger of God is here; this is the work of His right hand." But there is yet another hidden spring of that spiritual joy which marks your feast today. The Cathedral in a diocese is the symbol of the one holy Catholic Church; it is a type of the heavenly Jerusalem, of the new creation of God upon earth, the ark of the Covenant, the pillar and ground of His truth, the trophy and the memorial of His mercy and love. This sacred edifice will bring home to each Christian pilgrim coming hither from distant lands, and still more to eaoh faithful heart throughout the length and breadth of this vast diocese, what St. Augustine so strikingly calls " Christiance unitatis charissima virusula," the triple most endearing bond of Christian unity, one faith, one baptism, one fold. One faith; even as the sun in the firmament sheds its rays throughout the whole world, so shall the teachings of Divine truth, which you receive within these hallowed walls, be the common heritage of all the nations and peoples who enjoy the gospel light, and in this unity of Faith you shall be linked with all the ohoirs' of saints who have 1 adorned the. charch in the past, and with eveHy fervent heart that, till the end of time, will serve God and love Him. - One baptism; the sacraments administered here are the perennial fountains of the Redeemer's' love the same to-day as w'len they first gushed forth at the foot of the cross, and in them the words ef propheoy shall nev^r cease to be fulfilled—" You shall- draw waters in gladness from the fountains of the Saviour." One fold; the spiritual authority whi6h shall herebeexercised wits 1 foreshadowed by the rod-of Aaron that budded forth its leaves and blossoms. It isthe very authority of Christ Himself ever "present in Hiti Ghu&h;, for He has said, " He who he$ra you hears Me," and " I am with yon all days even anto the consummation of the world." It is that Divine authority whioh ifivites the sinner to repetit ; the straying Bhfeejtf toreturn to the loving care of the Good Shepherd of sonlS'; the weary heart to find repoBe. "Come'to Me all you who labour and are heavy burdened and I will refresh you." In the matterof Religion there is nothing \- more common at the present • -dby oatBide of the Catholic fold than an indifference-to ' this Unity J with whiehChrist enriched His Chnreh. Men will tell u& thai this is not a tiitife for petty disputes or sectarian differences. If some temporal ^d is to -be -gained', -Qr some - material interest promoted—jf'we are i|n search of- popular favour or political power, -the tenets of religion must not stand- in the way. The 'whole- spirit of the age is one of compromise. With the Protestant clergy of various denominations—in the pulpit no less than in the Press and on the public platform—the greatest problem now discussed is how' to bring together the conflicting heresies and scattered sects, in order that by mutual concession they may adopt some . form of agreement, and devise a broad basis of doctrine in which all may concur. In the various Protestant Synods held during the last few years, in the home countries or in the United States, or here among ourselves, this was the question of the hour, and it appears to have been very generally accepted that all should, by mutual concessions, fashion to themselves some diluted form of Christianity to serve as the common creed of all. Thus it is that now-a-days men who glory in the Christian name have come to treat with indifference the Divine truths which the Eternal God in His infinite wisdom and mercy has revealed to us. The Catholic Church alone allows no compromise in the teachings of Divine Faith. The truths revealed by our Blessed Lord are her heritage. It is her mission to hand thejnjqn till the end of time, and heaven and earthshall pass away before she shall be unfaithful to that mission, or shall surrender one partiole of the sacred deposit of Divine trtith entrusted to her. When the Redeemer unfolded the doctrines of life to His-disciples on the shores of Galilee there- were many adherents of the Jewish sects who would lay claim to some form of compromise at His hands. They admired Hia teaching, and would fain combine His lessons of wisdom with the traditions of the law of whioh they were so proud. But when there was question of truth or error, of light or darkness, He .who was truth itself would allow no- compromise. " He that is not with.Me is against me;" " Whosoever gathereth not with Me, soattereth." Such were the words .with whioh He rebuked their unbelief. With the poor and the outcast, the leper and the sinner, He was meekness itself. He would not crush the broken reed, nor quench the smoking flax. But when there was question of compromising the doctrines which He announced, there could be no middle course, no neutrality. Whosoever received not His teaching should cease to be reckoned among His disciples. Do you, too, wish to go away ?" He said to the chosen apostles, and St. Peter, in the name of all, cried out, "0 Lord, to whom should we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life." The Pharisees would say, " We will stand apart, we will not plot against you." The Redeemer replies, " You cannot be mere lookers on in the Gospel which is announoed to you : if you are not with Me, you are against Me. I sow the Gospel seed; if you gather not with Me, you are allied to the enemy, doing his work and scattering My harvest. I am the Shepherd; My lambs and sheep hear My voice ; if you reoe'ive not My words of life, you are not of My flock, you are cast off from My saving fold." The Divine Redeemer is the same "yesterday, to-day, and forevermore." From the sanctuary of His truth He addresses to us those same words, " He who is not with Me is against Me; whosoever gathereth not with Me, scattereth." -The Divine truths which He brought from the bosom of the Father He has consigned to the Church, and the Holy Ghost abides in the Church, the guardian of those truths. " I will ask the Father;.and He shall send the Paraclete to teach you all truth, and to abide with you for ever." Not one particle of that sacred heritage shall be frittered away or sacrificed, no matter what the exigencies of political parties may be, or what olamour maybe raised by the pride and passions of men. Whosoever receives not those truthB cannot have the Spirit of God, for his guide tnor can he rest upon the rock against which the gates of hell shall ever rage in vain, nor oan he be ; built upon the foundations of the apostles. and prophets, the corner- stone being Jesus Ohrnst.. ' But let us seehowthe Apbstle of Nations inculcates this doctrine of our Blessed Lord, There were in those days many learned tbachers of the lata from whom' the Apostle himself had received lessons of Jewish wisdom. May not a certain latitude be allowed at least to them on acoount of their integrity and exalted rank? No, cries out the ApoBtle, there can be no-respect of persons in the matter of Divine'truth: "H anyone preach to you other than that- whioh you nave received, let him-be-anathema,"land he adds, " although an angel from heaven Were to preach to you other than. we have preached to you, 'let him' be anqt^epk." No matter how bright may be the te^oh^r's fame ; no matter how vftst his knowledge, or ' singular his eloquence,; or sublime his: wisdom, if he announces to you otherwise than .whave taught, let him be anathema, though he come to you as an angel ef light, heed'himitot, for it is the spirit of darkness "that haB -thus transformed himself into the likeness of an angel of light to the end that he may deceive you! ' And so' the Catholio Church has acted in every age. .Statesmen bf' every rook, prinoeB iq tl^ patb^ of ;it2ence,"conquerorB -o| Mngclomg, ?politioal 'fevers may suggest the' eigxedienoyof re'tfmt41ing the' enmity of men, by accepting same ConiproiMse' fa eeooifdary matters and sur- rendering some linimportan maxim of truth, but the answer of the Churoh'has ever been " you are messengers not of light, but of darkness." Anathema to all who-seek to corrupt the teaching of Divine truth. Look through the eighteen centuries of the Church's history, you will not find a single instance of her accepting such a compromise aB men now-a-days will BO' persistently commend. Whenever controversy arose, and the spirit of the age would'suggest such compromise, the Churoh, through the voice of her pastors, proclaimed the teaching of Divine truth, and pronounced anathema against those who received it not. Each father and doctor of the Church repeats that teaching, each martyr and saint sets it forth in the lessons of the sanctity and heroism of his life. When Arianism would rend the seamless garment of ChriBt, and tear away nations from the saving fold, men of the highest dignity, sustained by all the influence and intrigue of the Imperial Court, urged the Church to accept a compromise. Only one word in the Profession of Faith need be passed over in silence, nay, only one letter need be changed, and schism will be at an end and peace restored to the whole Church. But the fathers of the Church assembled at Nicea reply that the teaching of Divine truth cannot be betrayed, and they pronounce anathema against thoBe who receive it not._ A few centuries later, a -controversy is stirred up by the Greeks, who were proud of their patriarchal sees and of the illustrious bishops who had in olden times adorned them. Again, it iB only one word of the. Creed that is hateful to them. They only ask as a compromise to be allowed a prudent silence in regard to it, and thus the whole Grecian Empire will remain in the harmony of peace and the bonds of unity. But the Church replies there can be no compromise. The questions of faith are not to be dealt with as matters of human policy. Away with every attempt to corrupt the teaohings of Divine truth. In the 16th century how many leaders of public opinion throughout Europe—men full of the world's wisdom—would suggest some compromise, some concessions to the greed or lust of the powers that be. Again the Church replies that there is no middle: course between truth'and heresy, with .Christ or againBt Him. The Council of Trent pro- claims. the truths of Divine Faith and anathema to him who receives them not. The Apostle, when instructing his beloved disciple, St. Timothy, in the maxims of eavenly wisdom, concludes hia first epistle with the impressive words, " O Timothy, guard the deposit, and turn away from the profane babblings and oppositions of knowledge, falsely so called." The Church has ever regarded these words as addressed to each pastor of the spiritual fold. During the first 300 years of the Church's history, when she waB driven as an outcast from the face of the earth, those words found an eoho in the silent galleries and oratories of the catacombs. Faithfully did the Sovereign Pontiffs respond to the Apostle's words. On the roll of Pontiffs from St. Peter to St. Sylvester, in whose pontificate peace was restored to the Qhureh, there were no less than twenty-five who laid down their lives ico preserve the deposit of the Faith, and now the martyr's aureola adds lustre, to the heroism of their sanotity. Amid the assaults of heresy in later ages, and amid the din of the irruptions, of barbarism, and when the fiood of corruption would threaten to submerge the world, the same warning words, "Guard the deposit of Faith," were ;unoeasingly heardi throughout the Church. And well did the myriad- martyrs, following in the footsteps of St. Ignatius and St. Polycarp and St. Irenaeus, preserve and hand on that sacred deposit. Tito- same words were heard by the missionaries who were leading new nations to, the saving fold. They were caught up and faithjtally,obeyed by St. Remigius, when he regeneratedClovis and the other brave leaders of the^anks in ! the waters of baptism ;: by St. Patriokv when he announced the glad tidings .of .redemption at Taraj. by St. Augustine, when ; h«t went forth, with the banner of the Cross unfurled, to meet the Anglo-Saxon KingrEthelberi; by all the missionaries of truth, in 'whom were fulfilled the prophetic, words,: •< How beautiful on the hills are the feet of them who evangelise good tidings, who evangelise peace." The Apostle's words are emblazonedonthe banner of the Chura^,' ~when the great dootors of the Churah with Gregory and Leo, with Athanaskv and Augustine, proclaimed from the wa,toh-towers ttf Israel die: unerring teachings of the Faith.'' They were repeated \- ih the Synods and : Councils- of the - Church, I and so in every age when the babblings of false wisdom would he set by designing men in opposition to the truth, they found an ' echo in the loyal hearts of the- iaiihfnl from the fusing to the setting mw^and snor waa i branded with the Apostle's aaatbanta, and profane novelty waa bailed, baak fcota the ; approach to the teaohings ct Divine Faith. Such is ~lh& witness of history-to tha fidelity wHh whioh the GatholioXlfaurdi has never oe^sed to hand down to ihe>«Uildreii 1 of -Christ tU» deposit ot the.'Faith.. For eighteen centuries she has been before the world, engaged' in God's holy work, the angels rejoicing wound her, the demons trembling in-her presence. Open enemies and false friends, philosophers, historians, and scientists, proud monarchs and captious statesmen have watched her doings and her words; "they have inquired into her dealings with her children, and with the world aronnd her; they have examined her moral code, and her lessons of Divine trnth, yet have they never been able to disoover one oase of compromise in the matter of Divine troth, one fault in her pure doctrine, one blot on the deposit of the Faith intrusted to her. Nay, more, by the singular gift of her divine Founder she has not only remained thus holy, thus unchanged, amid the evervarying interests and vicissitudes of conflicting nations and peoples, but she has imparted to all those who came within her inflaenoe a participation in her own prerogatives of unity, enlightenment, and holiness. Her history in the past is to us the presage and pledge of her fature course. Her strength will not grow old, her beauty shall not decay. The bastions and towers of the New Jerusalem shall Dot crumble. They shall remain unmoved despite Ihe wiokedness of men amid all the tempests and storms that await the City of God until the day of God's final triumph. The Apostle, instructing the Ephesians, declared to them that as there is only one God, one Lord, one Baptism, so can there be bat the one Faith. That is to say, there can no more be a division of the Faith -than a division in God Himself, and men, in the extreme of their impiety or folly/ may as well seek to pull down the Creator's throne of majesty aB to destroy the unity of the Faith, which brings to ns the light of God and the teachings of His wisdom. Thus it is that the unity of the Faith is not the handicraft of man, but a Divine gift of Heaven. The Church jealously guards each and every particle of that preoions gift, and to those who are without her fold she, with no uncertain words, but, at the same time, with the tenderest compassion and love, never ceases to repeat the admonition, " You can have no part with Christ unless heartily and sincerely you embrace the unity of His Faith." We cannot conceive anything in its own order more complete, more perfect, than the unity which Christ thus bequeathed to His Church. Hear how the Redeemer prays "that they may be one, as Thou, Father, in Me, and I in Thee, that they may be one in us " (John xviii.). Oh,'truly sublime, most perfect nnity I Whosoever assails that unity seeks to destroy the nnity of God Himself. . Men who judge of things merely in a worldly spirit may easily be led astray at timeB by outward appearances, and may fail to realise the essential difference between the Catholic Church, quickened as it is by a Divine life, and heresy, which, though it is the mere work of man, too often endeavours to transform itself into the likeness of the Church of Christ. Tertullian, in the third century, illustrated the difference between the eects and the true Church by a familiar example. "The bees," he says, "build their honeycomb and replenish it with the sweetest honey; the waBpa also build the comb in the moBt perfect maimer, similar to that of the bees, bat you will search there in vain for the honeyed sweetness of Divine truth." Again, in the writings of the early fathers and doctors, the Church is likened to a tree. Its roots are in Heaven, for it is planted by the running waters—that is, the refreshing Streams of the graces of God; and from ELsaven its branches, all clothed with comeliness, reach down to earth, yielding to ns in due season the flowers and fragrance of paradise, with the richest fruits of God's mercy and blessing. Some branch may be tom by the fury of the etorm from that sacred tree, but when cast upon the earth and separated from the living trnnb it will soon wither and decay. Statesmen and the powers of this world may wield the axe and cut off another fair branch, and they may plant it in richest soil, and prop it up and safeguard it from the parching wind, and shelter it from every storm— they may adorn it with artificial foliage and varied flowers—bat all their efforts shall be in vain. It can yield no Divine fruit, for it has become of earth earthly ; and none but the tree whose roots are in Heaven can yield ihe blessed fruits of heavenly life, The Apostle sets forth in further detail how it is that this gift of the nnity of the Faith, cemented by the very light of the wisdom of Blessed fjord to preserve us from roani. fold danger. We are called to this unity of Faith, he says, "that we be not tossed to and fro, carried away by every wind of doctrine, by the deoeit of men in canning, and through the contrivance of error." (EpheB. i*,) Does not the Apostle here sketch the sad fate of all tboBe heresies which from age to age have torn themselves away from the unity of the trqe fold ? In their ever- changing opinions they have no rest, bat are tossed to and fro like the ooean waves in the tempest. To-day they proclaim a certain doctrine as the teaching of Faith; to-morrow that tenet is forgotten, and you are required to profess the very contrary to that which ma before believed. Arianism, at the f.;mn that it seemed to draw half the world after it, supported though it was and bus- ; •jtffi^rl by the power of the Court and the , .passion; of men, in fifty years presented to its, followers no fewer than twenty distinct forms . of creed. Do not the various Protestant tseots of Europe tell the same tale ? When Luther entered , on his war against the Church, he proclaimed as the fundamental article of his creed that man is saved by faith alone; and to con£rm this novel tenet he did not hesitate tp aMer the inspired words at the saored (This Lutheran doctrine jras Adopted, and Js jw&l; repeated among the tQj&cia;'l Articles £>1Ijtto] Anglican Church: But Protestant -opinibn point of the compass, and now, after three hundred years, the vast majority of those who profess themselves ProtestantB will tell you that it matters little what you may believe. You may reject the divinity of Our Blessed Lord, and deny the inspiration of the saored Scripture; you may laugh at baptismal regeneration and eternal punishment; you may reduce your creed to the mere Christology of rationalism; they will contend that it is not by faith, but by your works, you must be saved. St. Augustine, as a convincing proof of the ever varying forms of error, reokoned eighty-eight heresies that had arisen down to his day. What would he say of the three hnndred distinct sects that have arisen and still flourish.in the bosom of the Anglican Church since England has torn away from the unity of the Faith ? In contrast with the ever- changing forms of heresy, the same great doctor of the Church appealed to the unity eft the unchanging Faith which has ever distinguished the Catholic Church. If, in the fourth century, the imperishable unity of the Faith was an argument of surpassing significance, an argument which led the most learned philosophers of those days to recognise the Divine life of the Church, what shall we say now that fourteen centuries have added a further irresistible force to St. Augustine's reasoning, and that the Church, despite the vicissitudes of all human things, continues to stand before us to-day, not in the decrepitude of. old age, but arrayed in the unity and vigour and comeliness of the Faith, even as she came forth from the Redeemer's hands. May we not repeat, with St. Augustine and the other great writers of the Church of the fourth century, that there is nothing on earth that in strength, beauty, and majesty can be compared to the Catholic Church. But it must ever be borne in mind that all this is the gift of the Divine founder of Holy Church, and redounds solely to His glory. We may take an illustration" from the blessings which the material light imparts to us. When the sun sets in the evening it would seem as if its light were entirely withdrawn from the earth. But the moon, clothed with mild effulgence, shines forth and scatters around us her silvery rays, and the stars are marshalled in their course, and the whole firmament is lit up with gentle radiance. We know that all this beauty of the heavens, all this refulgent light of the moon and stars, is derived from the sun that had set in the western sky. Even eo it is that the Catholic Church is clothed with the mild radiance whioh the Saviour, amending to heaven in His glory, reflected upon her, and she shall never cease to spread His saving light throughout the world during the nighttime of our pilgrimage, till the Redeemer shall oome again, and night shall be no more. It may seem strange, perhaps, and not asy to realise, that men enlightened in the ursuits of human scienoe, and. versed in the ways of the world, should be betrayed into those theories of compromise and indifference to Divine truth — " profane babblings," as the Apostle styles them, " of the knowledge falsely so-called." But we ust not forget the words of our Blessed ord, " I confess to Thee, 0 Father, that Thou hast hidden those things from the wise and the prudent, and hast. revealed them unto little ones." Divine Faith iB a most precious gift of God, and as a heavenly gift it is denied to those who, led away in the corruption of their own conceits, set up the idol of self-worBhip in their pride of heart. It also happens that men who are guided by the spirit of the age too often regard the Church as if it were a mere human institution, like to the various forms of heresy around them, and they fashion their judgments of it accordingly* But the Church is a living body, quickened by the Divine spirit^ and imparting the blessings of heavenly life to man. Heresy, on the contrary, is a.mere human imitation of the Divine work, without its light and life. You may paint the sunrise on canvas as perfectly as you please, but that painted sun will shed around yon no rayB of genial heat. The Btatue may be of the most precious marble, its head of gold, its feet and hands of silver or precious stones; yet its eyes shpll nof see, nor its ears hear, for it has no life. Such is heresy compared to £he Catholic Church. It has een sopietipiep likened to the Egyptian iunpny, which once hftd life, but that life eing departed, it is now preserve,d antj held ogether only by golden ijlanjents and recious spices, and, lifes these, it, top, must gradually decay. When there is question of such work of human handicraft, ponjproipise and indifference may be the order of the day, but there can he no place for them in the Divine life of Holy Church. Sometimes, too, men are betrayed into this devious course by Bheer . ignoianoe of spiritual thinjgs. A child will fling aBide the nugget of gold,hejftg ignorant of its worth. And there are, tpo, mapy of whom it may be said " they Jcnovy not what they do/' who fail to realise that whilst rejecting Divine trnth, they reject oijir Lord Himself. He who is "the apkndour Qf the Father's glory," pimself . the Eternal light, the eternal truth, has l, for «s the true light of the world, and the. Apostlecrjea out, " We frave seen His glory, aB of (the only begotten of tfre Father, full of grape pnd truth." ,0e is " the vug, the truth, and the life," ¥ov may explore the highest heavens, or search the depths ®f the Bnyee, bnt yoa-will«rek in vain for any other vay, or (xath, or life that can lead you to Heaven save our Blessed Redeemer anlrthe' truths whieh ° taught/ : ' R I k, „ All the' various sects Itnd heresies iwplWl; havearisenfroih the d&yB; oftheApoim Jhe^qfjppt h ^ Jiave jigrtain features in common, and one of these features is tiat they are always ready to make some_co!m- t promise when there is a question of religious truth. , 1 No matter how they may be found to differ among themselves, they have been always prepared to merge their differences in order to combine against the Catholic Churoh. But the more they haVe endeavoured thus to assail the Church, the more have they cast aside the shreds of truth which they had hitherto retained, and the greater has their oonfusion become. Their work is like that of the proud men of old, who sought to build up the tower of Babel. Instead of being an enduring monument of their prowess and skill, it became a memorial of their confusion and of the discomfiture of their pride. ' " All sectaries have this in common, that in the saored Scriptures, which are the armoury of truth, they search for plausible arguments to sustain their errors. It was the saying of St. Ephrem that " heretics, anxious to give strength to their error, endeavour to extract passages from the Scriptures by which to pervert the minds of those who may listen to them." But they do not advert that whilst they assail the authority of the Church, they cut away the main foundation on whioh the Scriptures rest, and thus their confusion becomes only the more confused. All sectaries are agreed in rejecting the mission of St. Peter and bis successors as the chief pastors on earth of the spiritual fold. They thus shut themselves out from the citadel of truth which is built upon the rock. They are not heirs to the promise of Christ ; " the gates of Hell shall not prevail," and oan we wonder that in their tenets they are tossed to and fro, and that they totter and fall when the storm rages against them ? They are no less at one in refusing to pay the due tributes of honour to the Blessed Virgin. In inspired prophecy it was foretold that all nations would salute her as thrice . Every day this prophecy is fulfilled in Holy Church; but those who are not of the Church give daily proof of the undying enmity of Satan against her, and hiss out their venom against the due honour that is shown to her. And now, how are we to be armed to meet the manifold attacks that are made against the Church at the present day ? How are we to be equipped for the fight that awaits us? First of all, we should cultivate a spirit of Faith, and with humble earnestness persevere in every good work which Faith inspires. It is not by mere human strength or human devices that our triumph cian be ensured, but by the spirit of God and by the power and the armour of Faith, " This is the victory^that conquereth the world, your faith." We must cherish a reverential love for the Holy Scriptures, particularly of the New Testament, nor should we rest content until each lesson of our Saviour's life is engraved as a seal on our hearts. We should promote enlightenment by a Christian literature. Everyone knows that a tide of unholy and impure literature is spread over the land. Yon meet everywhere, even in the remotest hamlets, with pamphlets and journals and reviews having the avowed object to destroy the Faith, and corrupt the heart. Like the Egyptian plague of old, they are so many streams of mud corrupted with dead and decaying creatures, and diffusing all round an amosphere of spiritual death. This pestilential influence can only be counteracted by bringing to the humblest homesteads the pure streams of truth and the salutary lessors of religion. We need religious education for all our Catholic children. We do not yield to the most enthusiastic secularists in our desire that the system of education would be as perfect as may be in all its material branches. But we part company with them when with captious words they contend that prejudice and superstition and fanaticism should be excluded from the curriculum of education. By prejudice they mean, the knowledge of God, which enriches the heart with His fear and love; by superstition, they mean the worship, pure and undefined, which we offer to the Creator; and by fanaticism they mean the Catholic Church, with its authoritative teaching and salutary precepts. Such lifeless secularism could only spread the blight of paganism over this fair land. We are intent on religious education to the end that Christian civilisation may be preserved to us, and that the blessings of Divine truth may never cease to be the rich heritage of our people, I have no doubt that aU these things will be gradually and, successfully attained, What has been done in the past amid so.piany drawbacks and difficulties in ;t}ie various dioceses of these polonies—and nowhere more so than in this vast diocese—is a sure j^ejdge and guarantee of the great tilings jthat« very distant future shall be GKhi'eved anipngst us fen: the glory of God andJ^e salvation pi souls. On every side the works of,faith ate manifest. The Churoh .displays the full pigour of youth, and even be?sn#n»es ! oann»t withhold the tributes fff&Visndmiiptippi; for the heroic sacrifices .that *re made to protect the Christian pnnqiplqs of sopiety, and to safeguard, the : worpd jPteWfts at Piyine truth. ,• -: -.u. r,-n • : •,. ... And as it ip in A??treU£ *> it is thrpugh put the churches of qbmteudpm, Jjtever, perhaps, has the Catholio Church been more fiercely ^Matted^^M^W^'^e^yet never was her fair name more resplendent with filory. fibeiasjenewed her youtklikc. WeiMW^gBpt fife abound.r Hfe^f ber i&nd; is thj&a;|0§8ia Hfen Inwi?e»S>ent »nddigin|<*estiM riggs ana eeal the "whole world acclaims. Never were her religious orders more fervent, pr her missionary fields more fruitful. Her schools are, quickened by the sjft'it 0f re ligion; her faithful people -pursue tie paths of piety; the poor, and sick,' the lepers ana outoasts are- cared for with a heroism that has never been surpassed. 8he presents herself before the world "radiant vrith all the comeliness of sanctity that adorned her in the golden ages of her history, joyous in the affection of her children, and invincible in the firmness whioh a Divine authori. tative mission' alone can give. Her ornaments are not the gold and silver of this world, but the priceless gems of Christian charity, the pearls of piety, the diadem of Divine truth. "We salute thee, O Mother Church, venerable in the multitude of the nations who awi gathered to thy fold; rioh in mercy, with more than mother's love thou dispensest to God's children throughout the world the bleBBings of His love. The traditions and triumphs of eighteen centuries>re thine ; the best and the bravest of every land are' thy sons, enrolled with thee under the banner of the'Cross. Will it not be our prayer that this glory of the Faith may be ever perpetuated, and that the union which so happily binds together the supreme pastor, and the bishops, and clergy, and faithful throughout the world, which is the pledge of the Church's triumphs, may remain for ever unbroken ? And may that saored union find its counterpart in this Australian land, a guarantee that the blessings of religion and Christian civilisation stall be out lasting heritage, and that here beneath the Southern Cross the victories of the Faith shall be renewed in the footstepB of Holy Church. The whole service occupied over twp hours and a half. VESPBBB. At 7 p.m. the Cathedral was again thronged to the doors. The Bight Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, officiated. The musical portion of the service was particularly good. Fifty boys from the Christian Brothers' schools, trained by Bro. Ryan, supplemented the already strong choir of the morning, and sang alternate versicles of the psalms with the choir with marked precision and finish. Signor Bnzzi deserves all that can be said in praise of his rendering of Weiss' beautiful "0 Salutaris." Mrs. Palmer sang the solo, " Clamavi ad Te," with orchestral accompaniment. This fine piece of music is virtually a Latin rendering of the opening of the oratorio, "The Creation" — " With Verdure Clad" — and waB given with most impresBivs effect. Cherubini's " Ave Matia," by Madame Christian, -with violin,- flute, and organ acoompaniment, and Rossini's " Tanturn Ergo " were faultless in execution. The service concluded with Beethoven's Grand Hallelujah Chorus. The orchestra rendered invaluable service during the day. Herr Bruuan was the leader. Mr. T. Bailey gave all-round satisfaction as organist. Mr. R. Wrigley, as choirmaster, had no easy task to perform in preparing the musio for the day, and the amount of labour involved may be imagined when it is remembered that no leeB than works of twelve composers were drawn npon for the two services. Before ' the Benediction a scholarly address was delivered by the Archbishop of Wellington, who is one of the finest pulpit orators in Australasia. The Most Bev. Dr. Redwood, Arohbiahop of Wellington, New Zealand, preached the sermon. His Grace commenced by saying he regretted very inuoh indeed that they had been deprived by the malady at prestat prevailing in 'this colony of the exquisite pleasure and great privilege of listening ^o the eloquent words of his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne. He deemed it a very great honour to have been selected to take his Grace's place that evening. His only regret was that he should not be able, to till his place worthily, and e had to' aA ^fte congregation's indulgence for his ehortcftmingB. The text he had phosen were the words of Sti Paul— "This is the victory which ovejeoHieth the world—our faith," and Tie hoped to justify, before he had done. the appropriateness of hat text for his sermori thftt Evening. - That chtiroh which had just been conBecrated to the glo'ry .of €k>d was a proof of the devotion of the people, to their religion, and a Splendid manifestation of their faith, and he was going to speak to them that evening of faith. In order to do so in a manner clear and distinct, some definitions were neees&trfy; to the adequate treatment. of the subject. They .had tq know what faith was. Aio6ording to St. "Paul it was "the substance of things 40 be hoped for, the evidence ol \-- " - —'^-'"g ut things unseen." It was a force enab _ to graBp in this world the things to b» realised, in-: another, when we should be in the possession ef God, faae to face, for a" eternity. It was the evidence of things,that appeared (inly to God and Hiis isleot in heaven. That was the desoriptive definition of faitb •given by St. Panl. But he (tbe preacher)»ouId give them a more definite-'idea of faith as taught in the theology, of the ; Catholic Church:, faith was'a Bupe*n»toralp, and divine:virtue, whereby we firmly^ Miewa whatever , God had rewRlefl, ibpMW H * could not deceive as.. We said> it. WM * virtue*:because it perfected the JPfld good; and a great deal .was requisitevbena dor minds to .the :ttuths of. Gpd weft the practice of. them. Faith .WM thing * immeasurably above and men attainIt.- I|.^rai|£ni§jji^jPod, and iifihe "admirable gift." " ivi|e virtue, beoause it could ' atpne, and by this virtus we _iAe things whioh God had revealed. We believed a body cf truth on the authority of God,and this belief, the:.; lore, involved a knowledge Chjj, the veracity of God, and the authority of God to command oarbelief. Aft Was summed Up in the statement that oflic faith was grounded on the authority of God. Now let him describe another kind of faith, and., then they would be able to see what admirable harmony existed between natural Mid supernatural faith. There were many things which we Jmew by our senses—-we could see, touoh.hear, taste, and smell them. Then, again, We knew many truths by the light of our understanding—they were self-evident to the mind, suoh as two affd twd made four, and the whole was greater than its parts. Those things were clear in their own light. There were other truths which we gained by a process of reasoning. We bad what were called the premises, and from them formed a whole chain of certain truths. Bat there were many other truths which we did not acquire in this way. Most of the great troths did not come to ns by the senses, by reason, or by logic, but by the testimony of other men. Many of those whom he addressed had never seen the city of F&ris; they could not demonstrate its existence, but they knew it on the testimony of other people. They knew it by natural faith. And sometimes this- natural faith led us to belief. He would illustrate what he meant. Let a native of the South Sea Islands be taken to Europe, and in winter he saw the rivers frozen so that the surface was as solid aB any rook-bed that he had ever seen in his island home. He returned to the south and told his people that he had been fn a land where water' became as hard as stone or flint. Bis hearers smiled, and said that water never became solid I They then either received his testimony and got a knowledge of ice, or they -rejected his evidence, and so lost a valuable piece of knowledge with regard to the natural world. This class of faith was also illustrated in a man born stone blind, who' was told by persons who could see of the flowers, fruits, and other beautiful objects in nature around. This man oould never verify the existence of those things, but must take it on the testimony of others. Now let them apply those facts to natural faith. Among the objects'of faith were mysteries and nonmysteries. Mysteries were real truths, but were hidden at present from the mind, of man.- They were too grand to be taken in by him in his present state, and were reserved for the next world, when he saw God face to faoe. These mysteries were to our religion what the ice was to the savage ; what colours were to the man born blind. We know that God is an intelligent Being, and yet that there are Three Persons in God. This knowledge of the Trinity could not be acquired by human reason. But God knows of the eternal existence of the Father and of the Holy Spirit; we know Of the Son. Christ fcjad revealed to us the existence of the Blessed iTrinity^ we should never know it by reason; ; it has been communicated by God Himself. This myBtery comes to us by the light of faith. Mysteries were to be seen in the next world; faith was the evidence of them now. Such, in a few words, waB a notion of faith. There was an error in these days concerning faith as absurd as it was deadly. Some men said they would like to believe, but that it would be a degradation of their intellect to do so. They said, "God has given me an intellect ; cannot I find out the truth for myself ?" He would not show his hearerB the absurdity of this error by a chain of abstract reasoning, but by a simple illustration. If you went out on a starry night, you saw countless stars in the sjty, with spaces of darkness between them. jBut science gave you a small instrument, cjtlled a telescope, -by looking through which at the dark spaces worlds upon worlds of stars were revealed to you I Now, had you degraded, yonr sight by the use of that instrument? Was it not the glory of your sight to have it magnified and extended, and to obtain the stupendous acquisition of worlds which the telesoope afforded ? In like manner faith magnified the worids of 'truth in God, ancDwas,'so to speak, a superior eye given to us which enabled us 4o go into the very life; of God. That; was the exaltation, not the degradation, of the;mind. Andthis brought to the preacher'6 mind an. aneodote.'. Some years ago in France there lived a man of great knowledge, who had : spent: many years in .the study of theology, but more yeara in the study of astronomy and all the other natural Boiences.eo that he might know what science and reason oould give to man and what God revealed, and 'so be able to conciliate them. He. frpnt out one day .with a friend who, possessed an immense knowledge of astronomy, and was, indeed,: the greatest astronomer of his time. ," J wish I oould believe;? said the astronomer, "but it would be a; degradation to .my reason, andviqtellept!" "I cannot understand you," replied the other; "how can it ,be a degradation to reason to extend it . by truths from God?" The great astronomer was stripk«n silent! And, now, that faith which the preacher had desbribed to them was not a degradation," but an exaltation, of the intellect, ; and was necessary for-ts. '.'..,.," It was said that we could attain to our destiny without faith. • That was wron£. Thfere were problems outsidfeof the domain of faith ofwhieh Bfcientists had never givefl a proper solution. 'One : of these was the origin of man—whence we came. What a multitude oi contradictory solutions' of this problem had been offered. Some said there was no difference, except in degree, between man and the dog; others stud that we came from an Assyrian tadpole; others still, that our ancestors were apes more that we c$me ihtd existence Spontaneously from tiie earth. Another problem was—Whither we Were going; what was our destiny ? Were tf e tb die like senseless abirials Or perish like plants ? Ourselves told us that this Was not true. Some, at. last, said that we knew toothing about the future, and that they Would, therefore, donfirle their studies to the Visible thibg's of this world, tind letiVe the rest to those who had timte tti examine and speculate ujion them. If We are to be judged after death concerning irtur deeds in this life, it is desirable that we should stand well in this World, if, then, science could give us fid solution of our destiny, We mufet seek one elsewhere. Then comes Jesus Christ, who says, " I am the Truth;" not a seeker of the truth, or a lover of the truth, but the Living Truth itself. What does He say about truth ? He told his Apostles to preach the Gospel to every creature,Jand that he who believed not would be condemned. If, because of worldly interest, his uncontrolled passions, or blind pride, a man refused to believe, he would be condemned. The Apostle said that he who did not believe in Christ Was already judged—Was a Condemned criminal walking the earth. Awful words! The same Apostle declared that without faith it Was impossible to please God. If God had not meant us for a superior stat9 our reason would be enough for tls; but He did intend us for a superrlattiral life, and He required that we should prepare for that life by Supernatural means. He required that we should love these things with all our hearts, and by faith, combined with hope and charity, prepare for the sublime destiny that awaited us. There was a certain range of faith necessary for salvation, and it was a gross error to say that man oould attain his destiny without it. But 'there was another etrar equally deadly, namely, that faith alone would save us. " Not the hearerB of the word, but the doers," were justified. A young man once approached our Saviour, and said, " Master, what shall I do to obtain life-everla6ting ?" That was a plain question put by one who believed in Christ, for he addressed Him as " Master;" and Our Lord gave him a plain and direct answer—" If thou wilt enter into life, keep the Commandments." Our Saviour brought before us in His description of what would take place on the Last Day the cause of the condemnation of many. Was this cause want of faith ? No ; want of good works. " Come, ye blessed of My Father, possess the kingdom prepared for you from the beginning of the world; for I was hungry, thirsty, naked, sick, and in prison, and you ministered to Me." Thus Christ the Judge would address the blessed on the Day of General Judgment, and to the wicked He would Bay, "Depart from Me, ye accursed, into everlasting fire; for I was hungry and you gave Me not to eat, thirsty and you gave Me not to drink, naked and you olothed Me sot, sick and in prison and you did not visit Me." And the wicked would ask when those things occurred, and Christ would reply, "Amen, I say to you, often as you did not those things to My least brethren, yon did them not to Me! " Thus Christ, on this most solemn occasion that oan be, would declare the necessity of works of charity. He now came to apply his text, by showing the magnifioent advantages whioh had. come upon the worlii by means of faith, and describing the state of the world without faith and with it. If they excepted one nation in a small and despised country—the Jewish people—the whole universe ^offered, before the coming of Christ, a most deplorable picture. What was the state of Egypt, where the greatest civilisation was supposed to exist ? It was overrun with odious super' stitionB and degraded vices. Everything was god but God Himself. They adored vegetables, and made sacred, and embalmed, and mummied animals which we despised, A vessel recently, brought ,to England from Egypt a large cargo" of mummied cats 1 Englishmen brought them to England not to worship them, but to manure their fields ith them. So, too, Greece, • with all her eloquence, aits and monuments of architecture, deified the worst passions of man, and had gods and goddesses of adultery, cruelty, theft. Go through all the vices of man, and you would find a deity to represent the vilest and an altar erected in its honour. The same remarks applied to the great Soman nation. What was the state of the family in those days ? The father was a despot, a tyrant, a murderer. When a child was born, it was brought to the father, and if he found anything' physically wrong with it which would be likely to .render it an "undesirable " citizen, it was "necked" like a puppy. Woman was the slave and toy of the passion of her husband. In Greece she was never allowed to mix with the family. She was kept, in gross ignorance, while the woman maintained for the pleasure of the man was iatight everything calculated to exalt her. The mother dare not show herself before that; stranger. The child, who, by-its wealfnMfy appealed for protection, was murderafL t by its parents. Men counted their divorces more than, their years. Take society, o.ut of the family, and you found it comprised two classes—one, numerous, the other very small. The ffew were free men and the rest . were horribly 'degraded slaves. ' In aticient Borne a slave was a mere chattel—there was nothing seen in him to excite' respect. It was told how a- great man,in the midst of Bplendidmarbles and polished mirrors, could 'find nowirere to spit, and spat upon his slave as a convenient and suitable place! The slaves were immensely numerous in Bome, and the gladia- 'tors were gent into the public amphitheatre to kill one another for the sport of the onlookers. "butchered," as the poet said, " to iriate a Rtfmdii holiday.''' The Apostles oi Cihrist, When tlife? 6sime to alter this terrible state of things Ifi the world, had no armies to back them, no influence t6 sustain them; but they gave liberty to the slave, brought woman forth from her state of degradation, and stretched out their protecting arffl to the Ihfant. They taught that it was cruelty and murder Co sSnd the gladiators into' the public amphitheatre, £na they changed the vic^B of men into conspi<5uotfS virtues, . Those whom the preacher addressed werej 6a6h and all, evidence of what Christian faith had done for the World ( That was, indeed, the victory Which overcame the world I The Church was persecuted for centuries, but she triumphed over her enemies, and now we enjoyed the effects of Christian civilisation. If we wished to preserve the glories we had gained, we must keep the faith. If it was lost, vre went back into a heathenism worse than. that we had left. The old heathenism was not hopeless; its votaries longed for something better ; but nOW when men lost the faith they Scoffed at the teacher—thSy did not Want anything better. The loss of faith reduced men to such a state as to intiur the anger of God and provoke Him to wipe the human race from the facie of the earth once more< Look at Europe at the present day. Instead of the Holy See being asked to arbitrate between contending nations, and thus preserve the peace of the world, the Holy Father was almost ignored. What was the result 7 A return to barbarism. What was a barbarian? A man who walked the earth with a club. And in order to preserve what was' called the balance of power itl Europe, the nations were all holding clubs in their hands. They were raising and maintaining iiiimeiise armiesarmed to the teeth—which were ruining the nations morally, commercially, and physically. Was not this a return to barbarism under the name of civilisation ? Then we had the communists, who sought to destroy property; the socialists, who aimed at breaking up the family; the infidels, who wanted to annihilate religion. Take away those three things—property, the family, and religion—and you removed the pillars and foundations of civil society. The Holy Father rightly pointed out that the social problems of the present day would never be solved unless men returned to religion. Now let him (the preacher) say something of the triumph of the faith of those whom he addressed. That church was a magnificent token of their faith. He did not think there was a. town in any of the colonies where there were so many Catholic institutions as in Ballarat. The Loretto Convent was the envy of the rest of Australia. That very week, too, they were going to lay the memorial stone of a monastery for the RedemptoriBt Fathers, who were a great acquisition to their city. Of the Bedemptorist Fathers he could speak. He had had them, over and over again, in New Zealand, and he knew their talents, works, fruits, and the holy spirit that animated them. He knew them to be genuine men, whose work would last, and he said the people of Ballarat were happy to have the second monastery of the Order in their midst. He hoped that on the Tuesday the people would not .forget the boon which they possessed in those Fathers, and that they would show their appreciation of the Bedemptorists not only by their presence at Wendouree, but by their substantial assistance. He congratulated his Lordship the Bishop of the diocese on the consecration of his Cathedral, a church so expressive of the faith of prelate and people—a monument, solid and beautiful, where the graces of the sacraments were dispensed and the blood of Jesus Christ again and again offered up in the Holy Sacrifice of the~Mass. Let them keep that faith as their greatest treasure. Most of them came from a land whose greatest glory was its faith. They had adhered to it 'through weal and woe, and went to the ends of the earth, carrying it with them andplanting.it in new lands. To practise the faith was the way to preserve it. The means of transmitting it to their ohildren was to send their little ones to Catholic sohools. Let them protect the faith of their children as the apple of their eye; let them extend and multiply Catholic schools, and hand down to other generations the faith which was true liberty; and after a short lifetime they wf>uld change their faith for a clear and bright view of God for all eternity. THE BUILDING. The -history of St. Patrick's Cathedral dates back to the days when the gold fever raged with all its fierceness in Bkllarat. The first MasB on the goldfield was celebrated by Dr. Dunne, now of Albury, in a canvas tent, 30 x 15, at Browne Hill in 1852. Here the Catholic diggers attended divine service for a considerable time, their spiritual wants being successively administered to by Fr. Downing, afterwards of Geelong, and Fr. Smith, the priest who, at the capture of the Eureka' stockade, Sheltered Peter Lalor. The priestB "enjoyed po better accommodation than did .their flock, for their place . of residence was neither more-' nor less ihan a castas tent. In 1853 the population p{ " the *gully" had increased to' *sutih ap extent that Fr. Downing, then in charge of the-district, decided to build 1 a itttpr pla^e of worship. This building was of wood—slabs and palings, in fact—ttod occupied a place on Bakery Hill, where "St. Alipius' Church now stands. An interesting water colour of the old church,, by Van Guerard, is in the possession of the Bishop. On 7th February, 1 1B58, the ' founda- tion-stona of St. Patrick's was had by the Archbishop of Melbourne, who waff presented by the miners with a chalice, as a memento of the occasion. Fr. Madden was then in chargff of fellarat. The architects for the building Wefe Messrs. Shaw and Dowden, and the contractor; Mr. Eerr. Mr. Denny, now of Melbourne, WW" the clerk of works. The first portion of the church was completed and dedicated in 1863, the sermon on the occasion befatg delivered by the Bev. Dr. Sheil, afterward* Bishop of Adelaide. The building committee were the Rev. f. Madden, Colonel Smith, Messrs. J. Cummins, fiichtfrd Wrigley, A. J. Forbes, John Cummins, Tappin, John Kealie, J. Daly, J. J. Graber, D. Keys, B. Belford, W. ffiti Brown, arid M. C. Carey, who performed the duties of secretary, and who has doneso up to the present. Fr. Madden, on leaving Ballarat, was succeeded by the Bev. Dr. Shiel, who built portion of the nave and aisles. In 1865 Dr. Moore, the present Bishop of the diocese, entered upon the charge of the parish, and in & very brief time succeeded in clearing off a heavy debt which existed upon the building. Tenders were called for the completion of the'nave and aisles, with the additions of tran- septs, chancel, and sacristies, the contract price being £25,350. Notwithstanding the largeness of the sum, when the church was opened in 1869 the debt was under £2000. The building of the Cathedral has been carried out in three contracts—the total cost, including that of the recent improvements, is set down at £40,000. The style of architectore is pure Gothic, and the interior decorations are in keeping. It is intended to replace the present front of the building by a more elegant one, from which will spring a tower and spire. This front will be carried out closer to the street, and the building will consequently be largely increased in size. It is noteworthy that the plan adopted in the building was that which was originally intended for St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne. For some months past the Cathedral has been closed pending the completion of the interior. The improvements were carried out according to the design of Messrs. Reed, Smart and Tappin, by Mr. Monncey, the well-known art decorator, who a few years ago arrived in this colony for the purpose of carrying out similar work in one or two private establishments in Melbourne. It is in the chancel that the skill of the artist has been most prominently displayed. Here th0 ceiling panels are set off in sombre blue, enriched with a biscuit-colour ornament and gold, outlined in rich wood colours. The corbels are of a yellow green, backed with crimson and massively gilded. The chancel walls are in deep crimson, with goldenooloured Gothic ornaments to form the diaper. The background is formed of old gold colour, with ornaments of senna and blue surmounted by bronze ornaments representative of shamrocks. A magnificent 'dado, with illuminated hand-painted rail in bronise and gold, bases the whole of the chancel and giveB to this part of the Cathedral a beautiful and masBive appearance. In the Lady chapei, the ceiling is done in pale blue, with wood colour and crimson ornaments. The walls in both side chapels are painted a deep sage green, with a dado the same as chancel. Massive decorations appear on the side walls and arches, and the whole of the backgrounds are picked out in crimson and blue, highly finished with bright gold. In the body of the church over each arch the ornamentations comprise tile pattern on cold biscuit ground, with a deeper shade of ornament, relieved with red and blue. The upper portions are in yellow drab, with a handsome blue frieze, and ornaments in two shades of biscuit oolour, with crimson and gold. The transepts and side aisles are painted in a very rich terra cotta, with frieze same as nave; the whole being finished around with an artistic dado and rail, in which blend golden colours, and forming a collection of harmony that is highly effective. The interior stonework is left in its natural-colour, with the exception of a few lines of enrichment to bring it into, harmony with the colours. The bases of the columns are adorned with scroll, work, and the skirting is painted in wine colour and cinnamon. The altar rails have been removed forward, and placed at a lower level than formerly. This is a great improvement, as it enables the congregation to obtain a better view of the chancel. New stone pedestals, moulded and in keep, ing with the style of deooration, have been erected in the chancel to carry the statuary and the heavy gas standards in the nave, and transepts have been improved, in design and relaquered. The floor of the chancel has been laid with beautiful tiles, the design being representative of the symbolical figures of the evangelists. These tiles are not equalled in any church in Australia, and were presented to the Cathedral by Dr. Moore, who purchased them in Austria during his recent visit to Europe. It is understood that they cost over £400. The floor of the nave and aisles has also been tiled. An oaken pnlpit, made in Victoria, and a Gothic throne hava also to be added to the list of the additions to the new church, and are certainly not tha least deserving of praise. The farmer is a fine piece of workmanship and the throne 'is an ornament to the sanctuary. The high altar is of .the finest Carafra marble and "the work of Signor Leonardi/ one of the best marble workers in the 'world. The style is, of ^course, Gothic. The table is 9ft. long and the teredos 20ft. The spire over ihe tabernacle is ho less than 14ft./high. The tablo, steps, and predella are of the finest Carrara marble. The antependium is fancrusted with alabaster snd malachite, and the wings and grade on either side of the tabernacle is also enriched with the same stone. Upon the tabernacle are toils of lapis- laEuli. The pillars of the canopy' for the exposition of the Blessed Saorament are in rosso-antico. The encrusted work on the altar is of antique marble, and very beautiful. A fine stained-glass window oooupies a place over the high altar, and the lights not being too dull, the chancel and the surroundings of the high altar are lit up in a manner that displays this part of the building to much advantage. The window is in several panels, the subjects illustrating events in the life of Oar Lord. The window was made by the firm of Gl&yton; and Bell, London, and is a beautiful example of the degree of success attainable in this department of art. I HE BITE OF CONSECR4TIOX. Though the ceremony of consecration •which took place at Ballarat was not in the Btrict Bense of the word a public one, some few remarks in connection with the rite may prove of interest. The priest who consecrates a .church must be a bishop, and to him this conseoration has always been,^ and is still, reserved, though a simple priest may be deputed to hless a church. Moreover, the consecrating bishop must be a bishop of the diocese, or another bishop with leave from him, and this applies even to the churches of such religious as are exempt from episcopal jurisdiction, although in some cases special privileges in this matter have been granted. The following are the chief points in the rite prescribed by the present Roman Pontifical :—The consecrating bishop, who should be fasting on the day before, sets apart over night the Telics tobe used in the consecration. Lights burn before them, and maJins and lands are sung in honour of the' saints' whose relics have been prooared. Twelve crosses are also marked upon tbe' walk of the cbmch,frith candles attached to than. Next day these candles ate lighted, and all things needful are duly prepared in the church, which is left hi charge ol a deacon duly vested. The bishop goes in' procession round the outside of the church three times, spdnMing it with holy water, knocks three times at the church door with his pastoral staff, saying, "loft up yonr farads,ye princes, and be ye lifted op, ye eternal gates, and the iSng of Glcrry mil enter." Three times the deacon within neks, " Who is the Kinp ol Glory ?" Twice the bishop answers, "TheharcL, strong and mighty; tbe Lord, mighty in battle," and the third time," The Lord of armies, he is the Sing of Gloiy," Thereupon the bishop enters with tbe clerics and others whose assistance he requires, leaving tbe Test til the clergy sad people outside, sod again closing door,. He forms a cross with tbe letters ol the Greek and Latin alphabets, which be inscribes-with lus stall on ssbea previously sprinkled upon the floor o! the <3mrch—s. rite wbioTi ^ymboliafl lite instruction to lie raven to este&uimef; ifi the elements ol the Fkith- JUtanraraebe proeeeds with ftie consecration t& titn altsro, xoaddng five cro»iw upon «aoh with bis thainb, tffbich be had dipped ic ajraepamtim: of adies, water, salt snB wine facially tfaif mlxtorr, Be «l*o fwttotinw round theiende of tbe duach «afl aprinlilw the- «-a!Ie m well ae •Soar, later ob tte wlice«t» borne loto tbe chunfli«oa tbe doors mmomteS'«i& chrism. TSue^Julciirus of (be t&tmn; «l«o sonoiirted Is mac manner, and incensed, wad live crosses w* : also made on it with theoil of eateehaTftens as well as with chrism. Chrism is , later on to annoint the twelve have beeia martred oft the walls, and tewsnse is burned upon the five er&sses; wfckh hit* been previously made on the altarwithMessei water, oil, and chrism. Finally ifce kSshep makes a cross with chrism on the twnttwifl four comers of the altar; the clothe ornaments, etc., are consecrated Msgefed, and the dedication of thfe chwrfch is <e«ttiplete. The rite©t conWi<!tati«Ti,«5tMsAijjtt6 St. Thomas, signifies the holiness secured tt> the Church by Christ's passion Sb& typjfeeS of its members. Moreover, ifi wbswsrto tSfe Church's prayers God crakes fcVnrtih St for His worship, «,«., He smskts Si * of exciting special devotion in th* tsSthSal •who enter it, if they do so Vith*SmR>«s dispositions, and He drives tax from it power of the enemy. rat tcsfaasoif. {Front wr l&cal; Oorr^pmtiaH^ After the ceremonies in sonnfcfilwm the consecration of the CatheS«H m fast Sunday the Bishop of Balltmft %n*Wttt7r«i, at the Holy Ghost College, bis S&jnisWHfe; the Cardinal and the distinguished jsrelstet; accompanying him, and ahtfot it 46 priests, together with ever 150 gentlsraen, wnongst whom were the Mayor of the Bon. EL. Cuthhert, M.L.C., Hon..T- G. Itefljy, fcost master-General, Bon. Xieholas Ktzgwald, M.L.C., Hon. Walter Madden, M.LA.. w>a Judge Gaunt. Dr. Morn ooenpie^ tite chair. His Lordship, in rising to propose fee health of his Eminence Cscwfttfcl Wersts, said that he was deeply ers&M; %o the Cardinal for tt&ing; pan in die worsens tit &e; Caaeaal, sadAe peigilerf SdkBtt, be ielt sure, 3(1% SBprttwrted btmonr done tbem % Ins Ebhmwib. Wteewrithe interests of xhf Chnroh an Jo^tralia wee concerned the Ctediod was slwaye iftwsm, visiting die wsrions «olomeF whwc 9us iresBncc was repaired- They were srofitsr «> !ebloI obligation 4o bk BminBnw>,«jB trusted be was aot divtilgmg *. ssserreS^bBti be said that AeOBtdjualwuooU heitoefosUBe ecclesiastical historian at AaaStoil». He^hafi great pleasure, thsnSoXB, in woposbig-«' Wit Eipalth ol Ibs Eminsnne^CBraina! &ms.;" The Xoast -was tuj»onr»5 with gimt si&sm.; Cardinal Motbu. in aaibrmmp atfaaabt, aaiS thBt each ^irnebe b»8 ^jsitefi SdisiW with increasing plaastm. 9Se «dmb<£ libe many •inatitatioai; tthst yok -op vndsr bands of iheBi&op; itomm. Ibe college in 'vliioh ti^rmm* «BBMHbie6, waB tbe other battetturoa, bad Smta wmmwS! within m short «ime. Se mtoohaB harmony t&at; of the Church; and made S^y displayed 5th« mrh badheenoontinsao. 3r>% ttntsMibaiwnuiid ymnmbt ywe* Tm Bt»in«(ac 4ft te tlfesa^ IS* IhtJSSisW* «&t;> fcte js&iasjt;* to tor ttit tswa-gs- irfteS^jJtw^ e-s^Wfed * ®s«it fefcl Vtft fefti Wtt ste^ wfefefi set waft wsfc. ftfesswasfc! f T i k t e ^ i i fetfie*. fit. snsjsfl s®8ng ss&tieiiafc; «stt> : Itthi ^ <«aM fcfe « % «b i&rt;: ^ < IS* AstJbiSiMf* i^&Sfe; wSi te^asnS In W&; atiSWltoa^tjpfe,iaji gvh&saw; Tto ^ Si a.! t ISyh^; JUteiilsDi tw- — r 1 ft lrwn •»>! 'Sane ftiiauf fct teal j^Tate ^ oe. wj^xwagiihuiiiMliia : 3 E S * ! n&a;&m; sssi^s^1^ ^****** ST. CJTOSCCISSHtS^ 