NOVEL. A WAYE OF LIFE, bt . CLYDE FITCH. . , (continued.) . \- CHAPTER III. Mrs. Synnett was never happier than when receiving her friends on Sunday evening. Twe moment any one entered her rooms she made him feel welcome, and then \- agreeable in conversation somi where. She was with her gut ste like an artist with his colors : she knew Low to combine those that went well together. And her music- room was always crowded, because people knew they "would not be depended upon to amuse themselves and their hostess at Mrs. Synnett'e. This Sunday evening Earnsworth and Wel don had dined there informally, after walk ing home with the two girls from the afternoon service at St. Mary's, where they had gone to hear some festival music. Wel don was being made use of by Mrs. Synnett; He was always willing, to be introduced to any one for the sake of helping her in any way. He did not have Earnsworth's tact , . himself of filling up a breach, but he would ' :T 'allow himself to be bored with composure, _ when told how. L Rita was regularly sacrifised on the social altar every Sunday evening oy her mother, without any of the parental compunction ; "which filled the breast of Abraham when he led Isaac up the mountain. Nothing, of course, was expected 1 of Madge, except what she would do of her own sweet will, which some- ' firnno mo a mora fV.an - uuu-n nuo vuau uio UlUcJLS WCio capable of, but was more often rather little. ; "Sh&tood.; this evening with Earns worth, at? one side, telling him who the people were as they came in, and criticising freely. Rita' saw the evident state of good feeling be tween them with pleased surprise. ' Ah ! who is that ?' asked Earnsworth, as a tall, handsome woman dressed in red, with a superb figure, greeted Weldon Bomewhat imptessively, and took him away from an irresponsive, middle-aged, thin little crea ture, a poetess whose volume had not yet come out, and with whom he had been trying to converse on his whole repertoire of v topics. 'That's Mrs. Norria. Isn't she stun ning?' " 'Who is she? / ' Why, don't yon know ? She writes so- ciety articles for the papers. Every one is awfully afraid of her except the men, and they all worship her.' .. ' I don't wonder.' 'No; do yon? I'm with the men. I'm: devoted to her. We're great friends. Ill introduce you.' Thanks, — later; I'm in no hnrry just: now. Who's her husband V . ; - 'Her what?' repeated Madge, laughing.: ' I'm sure I don't know. Nobody doesT No- : body ever saw him or heard of him. She hasn't any.' ' But I thought you s3id she was Mrs. Norris P 'I did, hut she's a divorcee. I should have thought you'd know that when I told you ahe was a society correspondent of the newspapers. They nearly all are. I think it must be one of the requirements; and. they add to it the ability to keep their repu tation better and longer than most society > women, and against twice as great odds.' Earnsworth was watching her talk with Weldon. Her face was full of splendid animation. Health, spirit, worldly wisdom, freedom, were expressed in every feature aBd movement. She would have made a fine Goddess of Liber, y as she stoed there. ' We've known her,' Madge went on, 'ever since 1 02n remember.' She's awfully amus ing, and so clever. You ought to hear her apologise for putting mamma's " at homes" in her notes, because mamma pretends she doesn't like being in the newspapers, when; we know, and so does Mrs. Norris, of course, that it really pleases her, and that she cuts out and keeps every notice.' ' She seems to like Weldon very mucli.' ' Yes, because she can't flirt with him . He doesn't know how to flirt. You'd" better ; give.h'm lessons.' She looked quizzically at him.. ' , 'Thanks," said Earnsworth, smiling. ' I shouldn't like to interfere with your training. I should Bay he was in a fair way to learn .. here, if he is going to at all.' 'That's one for you,' said Madge ; 'but I told Rita, after the first time I saw you, that you were a flirt.' 'Hid you?' answered Earnsworth, pro- vokingly. - Ob, you're getting disagreeable again,' said Madge. ' Let's talk about the people. You'll know them all intimately before the winter's over. Most of them come regu- ' larly.' 'Well, then, tell me who all those people ' "are .grouped in the corner.' 'Where? Oh, yes. The man standing is: . a Browning reader. The lady next to hum with the suspiciously golden hair, is Mrs. Hedder, the great amateur actress (don't you, know?— five dollars a. ticket, and no seat ' V when yon get there). They're always to gether; she says her husband doesn't care i for society, and it's quite evident he doesn't —for that of his wife. The quiet little :: woman next to her is an uninteresting non entity, but she's very rich, and takes a box or all of Mrs, Heddara performances, and longs to all of the Browning olasaes : so! ey are n iturally polite to her. Her bus- band's bare somewhere, I'm sure ; yes, there i he is over in the alcove; looking at a book. That's the way he spends his whole evening, generally with the same book; and we don't bother him, because we know it embarrasses him to meet Btrangers, and he oan't talk to - save his neck. TTin wife wants to be known: as a sooiety woman, though why- the Lord only knows, for she always seems bored to death, and no one would take any _ notice of her if she didn't boast a chef and give one of the best dinners in New York. Those two men talking together beside her are botholever: the swellest one, with the big boutmniere, is an English literature professor, aud a delighful essayist ; the other's a newspaper editor. One's a Repub lican, and the other's a Democrat ; and that's the way they go on all evening. The tall, ariBtooratio-looking woman just going to join them is Miss Wright, the Social Sci entist.' Madge paused, a little ontof breath. ' Is it really ?' exolaimed Earnsworth, leaning over interestedly to see her better. ' Do yon know her P asked Madge. 'No: oh, no: but I've heard of her. Please -go on. You can't imagine- how en tertained I am.' This was quite true, and Madge who was also eD joying it, continued : 'The rest of the group in the corner are— the pretty woman in the yellow- dress has written a successful piay, which is running now somewhere. The handsome man behind her is anEnglish aotor, the leading' man. in Mary Anderson s company. She was going to marry him once, which is enough to make a lot of other women want to now. Next to him is a poet who writes delightful verses' which every one readB. Just behind us— don't look aronud — is his opposite. The. ronnd girl with them plays on the piano— reallyjplays, like a dream, — the kind, of music which makes the chills creep up and down your back. Now,' taking a breath., and smiling ot Earnsworth; who smiled back; en joying himself hugely, ' the lady to whom mamma takes so many people is a new novelist ; hut of course you know her : you broughtherhere. ThatmanpoorRita is speak- to is a physiologist of some sort, — I don't know exactly what, but it's disagreeable, and no' one else will talk to him, so she has to, though >he doesn't understand half he says, as he has an impediment in Mb speech.' He looked at Rita just as she had turned her head away from him. She was envying Madge with all her heart, but was honestly trying to pay attention to Mr. Roscommon. Earnsworth saw the distant look in her clear eyes, and felt the kind little smile was forced. He wanted to go to her, to taxe ber.away from that man who seemed to be in the mid<t of a long haiangne and made motions every now and then, as he talked, with a large, flat hand. He decide 1 he would go after Madge had finished her amusing description. ' The best dressed woman in the room is Mrs. Van Ostrand,' said Madge. ' She's a connection of the A s, and is the friend who always sends ns ou<\- Assembly tickets, and is one of the few of that set who come often to the house'. She comes because it's different here and amuses her. The man coming in now is a husband without his wife, for a change, . instead of the other way around. His wife is a great friend of onrs, hut she doesn't approve of Sunday night ' at homes,' so she comes to see ns other times. The tall, lanky man by the piano is a widower with three children, who has been in love with Rita for the last few years, bat who follows her about from a a distance so yon can't exactly snub him. He's never had the outage to propose ; and we've conclnded that when he married before it must have been leap-year. He writes. Everybody here does something.' Those who don't do anything else over-exert them selves in their attempts to do nothing. ' The handsome man with the grey hair is aa army officer from the fort, 'who goes everywhere that Mrs. Norris does: Three, times there hss been a report spread that thev Wflffl 0VJin0» tn Tja marriAd hnf fTiowr aren't yet. _ Yon see that rather stout, bald man who is going around trying tomake himself agreeable 'to every one who'll let him ? He was a very popular singer once, but it's the ghost of his voice now that walks. I knew that voices usually float, or soar, or something like that, but his doesn't any longer, I assure you : it has come down now and walks. Of course he can't get professional engagements any longer so he goes to all the ' at homes' he can,, hoping to. he asked to sing as a favour. A great many people do ask him, hut mamma, doesn't dare, for I've told her I would not play when he sang. He sets my teeth on: edge. I know it's horrid of me, but I can't help it. And of course mamma always likes to exhibit her daughter! . It's dread ful to have the showman instinct' in your mother. There, I've finished.' ' I'm sorry,' said Earnsworth, laughing, heartily. ' And yon must tell me who. this is,' as a young college boy walked past them and stumbled over a chair, his being apparently the only things in the room of which he was conscious. ' That,' said Madge, suppressing a smilo as the subject bowed to her and then rolled his eyes np and stared hard at the ceiling to show ho was perfectly at ease,— « that is. Mrs. Oaprey's son' She takes him around with her everywhere; sha says he'ssuch a protection.; — though against what sheneeds it no one can imagine. That is she talking to the unappreciated poet behind us,— the very middle-aged lady in the girlish dis guise.' 'Why is it,' asked Earnsworth, 'that people are so afraid of growing old? Nearly: every one is the same. We value youth almost above riches.' 'I. know it,' Baid Madge. 'If women especially would only learn to grow old gracefully ! But wo don't somehow ; we spend all our time trying to rub out the lines Time draws, like the photographer: who, in 'touching up' a photograph, usuallyleaves.it characterless. Well, most! of the other people are charming, as youj will find out for yourself. Now I'm going to present you to Mrs. Norris. Mrs. Norris and Earnsworth liked each'- other from the first. She had read his book and enjoyed it, and she made him -realize' this without actually telling hi so. 'Of course vou're in love with > she said. ' Isn't she a wonderful creature ?' 'Yes, she is ; but I don't feel that I; know her yet : I don't understand her.' 'You mustn't nxpeot to understand her,' answered Mrs. Norris. ' There - are some! things, human as well as divine, that you must take on faith. Madge Synnett is! one of them. I'd give anything if one of! my children were like her.' 'One of your what?' exolaimed Earns worth, his surprise getting the better of him. 'Yes,' said Mrs. Norris, looking at him I amusedly and quite enjoying it. 'Didn't1 you know I had two children down in my: old place on the Hudson? — dear, nice! children; but it's true I seldom speak of! them, and they never come up to town.! They're living with a maiden aunt of mine, a good old creature who always had all the maternal feeliDg of the family. Earnsworth; was on the point of asking how old they- were, bnt saved himself just in time and; spoke of Rita instead. Mrs. Norris echoed1 his admiration, but said she understood her; less than Madge. ' I love her,' she said, ' hut she's quite; beyond me, anl she's the one person, in the; world who reminds me I have a consoienoe. I'm never with her leng at a time without' seeing her do something whioh I know I! ought to do, hut I won't take the trouble. She's a olevex lb tie thing, too. She's a; rival of yours : eh9 writes.' ' Yes, I know it,' said Earnsworth ; ' I ve- seen several of her short stories : they are quite original, and her- simplicity of style is delightful. It is only because she is as yet immature in her work that- she has not had more success. I believe with some, great experience she- would do great things. _ ? 'Of course she hasn't Madge's genius remarked Mrs. Norris, with the complacent air with whioh so many women speak of the divine spark. 'Yes!' answered FarnsWorth, in a non-, committal voice, not sure himself whether? he should speak so decidedly. ' What an amusing crowd there are here !' he continued, after a moment. ' I suppose you know them all ?' 'Yes, moat of them. I wish I could be carried off and dropped right down in the middle of an entirely new set of people. These all get to look more or less alike,— do you notice it ? each one seems to say to the other, 'I do so and so, what do you do?' and your first thought always on being in>- trcduc6d to any one is, ' I wonder what he's written." But yet they are not all writers, , are they?' . - 'No indeed. ; there are painters and mu-." sioians among, them, and some very deiightful p eople who read and Kafen. Arid here's one of the bores,' she added, as anl over-dressed little woman passed her and bowed conspicuously. 'Thatis the third time 'Bhe's bowsd to me to-night : sheH greeted me from all over the room. Do you know why? she wants me to he sure to sea. her, and put hemame in the ' amongst those present, rua i ane siuy r Earnsworth laughed as if it wore a good joke. He liked thiB woman : first because she was so candid, and because- she had an opinion ; then, besides, he liked her manner and her personality. They had been talking some time during all of which she had stood beside him, as tall " as - he, and as straight, moving her head well and keeping her splendid /figure in perfect repose; She was one of those few women who seem to be totally unconscious of their appearance. She had not once arranged her gown even surreptitiously, nor touohed: her waist, nor fasteneda jewel nor tampered with her fan, nor minded her glove. 'Come,' she said, ' we might as well sit down; there's no extra charge,' laughing, and raising her eyebrows, 'and Algernon Boling- broke is going to read some Browning I see.' The man with the bright tie, of the group in the corner, was leaning towards Mrs. Hedder, who was evidently advising him what to read. 'Are you fond of Browning? asked Earnsworth. ' Well, to be honest, I don't oare for any poetry : the rhyme annoys me. Evealways thought I Bhould lixe Browning, but some how I can never listen: as soon as any one has commenced reading, a word or somer thing in the poem suggests something else personal to me, and my thoughts go wonder ing off, and my attention is: only attracted again bysome sentence: whioh-strikes forcibly I don't exactly know why.' . Yes, but don't you think — ' "Sh !' motioned: Mrs. Norris be-s going to commence. I always pretend to listen, at any rate : I think it's brutal not to.' Mr. Algeron Bolinghroke stood by the piano, leaning slightly against it. He had a plain but strong and attractive face. A heavy lock of of stray black hair fell over on "his forehead, refusing to stay in place. TTiq 1 ng fioek coat fitted to perfection, and his . boutnnoniere was a cluster of white tuberoses.. He turned over the- leaves of a- well- worn book for a few moments. Mrs. Hedder remained where he had left her, only taking a more-intense attitude. She held a hot-house rose tightly in one -hand which dropped over the arm of her chair, in' the other Bhe rested her chin, with her elbow- on her knee, and opening her lips a. little remained so, rigidly, through the whole read ing, her eyes fixed straight ahead of her. She was thinking about the costume she was- going to have for the next play, and deciding on the materials. Most of the people in the' r/inm drw nearer.- or to one nido: until n«. idea of a. semieirole was obtained in front of the reader. The nnsnccessfnl poet 1- aned against the casing of - one of the windows,, with his head thrown baok, and gazed at the chandelier. A rival reader withdrew into a: distant corner to -whisper witty criticism an.d; complimentary inuendoes to Mrs. Osprey. Young Osprey slipped, out of the- room and; through the front -door into the street to; smoke a cigarette. A. group of true ad mirers of Robert Browning and appreciators of Bolingbrpke's : really good reading were just in front. Those who affected an admir ation whioh they were not capable of feeling, were withdrawn discreetly a little outside the! circle, where they could watch the people in the- room. The successful new novelist and several others who had been: having a very jolly time, and who never oared for reading of any sort, Bhowed their . genial breeding, Kke Mrs. Norris, by good-- naturedlypreparing themselves to listen. Mrs. Van Ostrand found a retired place behind the piano, where she-leaned back in a< lounging-ctiair and closed her eyes-; she would be quite rested at the end of the .poem to go to Mrs. Steering's. The small elderly poetess . whose volume had not yet appeared- sat inside the semicircle, close toBolingbroke, because she was quite deaf, and, as it was only caught a word mow and then. Weldon sat in one window-seat, unconsciously look ing at hiB hands;' Madge sat in another with Captain Galloway, watching Weldon. Mr. Roscommon had just told Rita, with a gesture, that h9 would finish what he was explaining after the reading. Poor Rita commenced to look as if her head was aching. Earnsworth could not allow it any longer. ' Do you know,' he said, ' it's a shame for Miss Synnett to be sacrificed to. that mar ? Can't we rescue ber from him ?' ' Yes,' answered Mrs. Norris. « I'll go over with you.' You- take Rita off, and leave mo for Ros-ommon. I mean it,' she said 'it won't make any difference to. me whom I am with daring the reading, and for a little while after that he'll amuse me : he always does. He says every one has only three bones, or something like that ; I never' do quite understand exactly what his theory is, but it's something. funny and I pretend to get converted to it every time we talk to gether. Tnen I can always get rid of him, and that seraph never could.' « You're an angel of meroy, he said, in a mockingly empressee manner. ' Never,' she answered. ' I'm too old.' Rita fairly beamed upon them. Earns worth felt gnilty that he had not oome before. How exquisitely pretty she was ! She was a serapb : she was one of the few people he: could remember "having seen to whom the stereotyped garb . and conventioaal employ-! ment of the generally accepted angel would have been becoming. Madge once said, in the expressive way she had, ' Yoo might do anything you-could-think of- to Rita, but you could never make her look flat.' Mr. BoliDgbrobe had the good sense, in fo mixed an assembly, to give one of the very ; short poems ; it was a tragic one, which ended abruptly, and one of the ladies in the outer circle, who had happened to listen, forgot hereelf and asked rather loudly if he wasn't going to read the re»t of it. The un appreciated poet, with his eyes still fastened! upon an artificial candle jet of gas, thought how he would have ended the same poum. The rather deaf poetess said nothing ; for she thought he hadn't begun yet. Mrs. Hedder simply sighed very ex pressively, and altered her position ; she had . decided she could manage to wear four gowns - in three acts by changing the order of two of the scenes whioh did not affeot her part: in the least. But Mrs. Hedder's wealthy friend the lady who attended all the Brown- ing readings, murmured 4 Sweet !' Mrs. : Van Ostrand opened her eyes slowly and : asked who was (tinging, and was very : glad ! nobody heard her. Mrs. Norris, looking.at; Mr. RosQommon, said it was entirely- toe .short,-— whioh ! emboldened Mrs. Synnett, . buttressed by the Browningites, and politely seconded by the successful novelist and her clique, to-beg for another selection . Accord- ingly, after the necessary- amount of becom ing hesitation, Bolinghroke, thinking ..better to meet his; audience, recited ' From Ghent to Aix,' with not a little spirit. Weldon joined -heartily in the applause which followed it, and several others looked pleased to have -heard, something- familiar to them. M-"8. Osprey exclaimed that she had heard that before, — was that Browning, too ? She was so fond of.- Browning ! She had heard ' Aurora Leigh ' read beautifully once. While Mrs; Synhott was shaking Boling- broke's hand and thanking him, and the Browningites were crowding around, the rest of the company, changed about. Mrs. Norris told Mr. Roscommon really she. should think ovjr quite seriously what he had just been saying, as she allowed Captain Galloway to drag her away from the physiological discussion. Woldon had joined Madge, and Farns worth and Rita had made themselves, comfortable in his . window-seat. Rita said '.ibe pu'ght to go and help pour the tea, tut £cUix&wxirth; said he would, not allow her to, 'that; sfie jhad done too much for -the guests alreaifV'; and. she remained where she was, only toohfqjjiy "fp he; commanded to do any thing .by Fhiirff ':Earnsw;prth could not. but notice her jpaikire at being with -him, bathe accepted it witKc'iiti question. Her manner had compleielychnged . She was full .of animation amL'-.go'Cd spirits.. ...She confessed Bfae had hearii scarceh a 1'wor d of what that had been, talkin&r; about : she -was -watching -Madge and him all the time. ' What were you talking about ?' she asked. Her eyes never wandered from his face when he- spoke to her ; she thought it was beoause he had so much expression. Your sister was telling me who the people are,' he said, smiling at her. She smiled back. - No wonder you were laughing. Isn't Madge bright ?' She looked away from him, just, for a moment, towards her sister affectionately. ' I'm so glad you're ell right. You know there was a sort of coolness.' _ ' There was something. She certainly did not like me at first.: She says she told' you that night:: after dinner, that I was'a- flixt.'. 'Yes, she did; Are you ?' She asked it ; half seriously. ' Not guilty, your ladyship.' ' Gentlemen 'of the jury, the- prisonet is. dismissed.' j; ' But you. ought to define the charge. What is flirting ?' asked EaraBworth. 'Oh,' zepUe' Rita, sitting up straight and with a funny imitation, in miniature, of one of Mr," Roscommon's sweeping ges tures, ' flirting; !js— flirting. js a game,' she lapsed hack .Into her natural manner, ' which two plgiy at both mutually pretend ing an especial interest, and neither one believing in himself or in the other.' ' If they afe both on their guard, and know the rules . of , the game there isn't much harm done, I suppose,' said Farns- worth, ' excepV that after a time they won't be able toi tbil the real interest from the feigned one, blid' then they lose the former and the lattor;!s nothing to gain.' ' Sometimef.lt cloea happen that one iB not as experienced as the other and makes a mistake and gets in earnest.' Yes, and then.- we cannot but blame Ah ! yontf sister- is tgoing to play.' ' Ob," dear-1?; " skid Rita, anxiously: ' don't forgatvhfire you left off, will you ?' Madge looked at Earnsworth as she took up her violin. She saw him stop talking instantly anet; lean hack to listen. It plbasedTher; 'Eor 'a moment she thought she woiuld ask hiim. to play her accompani ment, but she sawMtita, and, after a second's hesitation, " asked the young pianiste instead. The latter accompanied willingly and well. Madge played even batter than usual. E ?erybody listened; ' Earnsworth's thoughts wandered off to the country home of his hnvhnnd TTn thonnrht of t.bn bflftntifnl rolling, fields his mother used to - take him walking over ;he could see her now, and feel the touch -'-of her hand, and hear the low. murmur of her sweet voice as .she talked to him of his father.! He could see the soft gsey-.douds ; drifting over their heads, and again they passed, through the wicker gate t&t;"madqfap<bbemng in the delicious thick green hetjges wljich bonnded their garden. Rita, half hiddbfi5 in the window-seat won dered of whean ho. was thinking. ; (IQ.-UB jBSKTIKtrED:) 