THE NOVELIST. THE CAMORRA. ADAPTED FROM THE ITALIAN OF MASTBIANA. By Fbtoebick R. Bubton Author of "The Victim of His Clothes," " Strange Object of Thornton Wetmore," " Minna," Ac. CHAPTER X. THE WANDERINGS OF A GHOST. Miles away it seemed there appeared a tiny speck of light. Some mother may have placed a lamp in the window to guide the steps of an absent sou. Nioola saw it, and in default of | any other suggestion he made his way toward it. Bis heart was beating fast and his limbs trembled, for not only was the immediate situation replete with peril, but he suffered yet from the terrible experience with the dead. { He stumbled along rather slowly, trying to j avoid crossing any of the long, low mounds 1 that marked the last resting-place of cholera's j victims. Even as he began his flight the pattering of ! the frightened gravediggers' feet was still audible. Nicola knew that for the present he J had nothing to fear from them. How soon ; they might recover their senses and return was a vague and terrifying problem. Might they not realize the truth and set all the law officers of the oountry on his track ? or, might tbey not believe they had seen a veritable miracle, and be so alarmed by it that they would speedily get drunk that they might forget it ? In any event, however, four miser able bodies lay on the ground by an open trench. In the morning, at the latest, some body would have to bury them. The absence of a fifth corpse would be noted. What then wouldbedone? Occupied and disturbed by such conjectures as these, Nicola wandered on until he came suddenly to the cemetery gate. He could not have seen it if the sentinel on duty there, hearing footsteps, had not flashed a lantern upon tne scene. This was a fresh alarm, and ] Nicola was seized with a wild impulse to run back, but he saw at once the foolishness of that j course, and with a feeling that he was running ] into certain capture and so to death at the Camorrists' hands, he shouldered his spade j and advanced as boldly as he knew how. "Who goes there?" demanded the sentry. " A soul from purgatory," responded Nioola, tramping on. "Fax vobiscum, requiem eternam, stam mered the sentry, recalling as much as he could of religious phrases; and Nicola passed on like a ghost, and whether the sentry really thought him a spirit returned to earth, or a jocose gravedigger, mattered not so far as results went. A moment later Nioola was on the gloomy, deserted highway, for the present, at least, a free man. The next morning Naples was agog over a bizarre story about a dead man having come to life in the cholera burying ground; but old Zoccolone was dead and nad disappeared, and Nicola passed for dead, and when Zoccolone's remains were finally interred, the entries in the record-book declared that Nicola Piretti had died, thus and so, and had been duly buried. Vitale replied to the command sent to him by Carmine, saying that the Blockhead's natural death had relieved him of the necessity of putting Nicola to sleep, and that cholera had proven to be a worthy picciotto. Fasulillo, however, was not satisfied. It seemed to him that Vitale should have; executed the order without (riving cholera a chance, and he had a vague suspicion that all was not as it should be. He determined to keep his ears and eyes open and to make trouble for Vitale whenever possible. Meantime Nicola hurried along the lonely road, bending his steps away from the city. Whenever he passed a houBe he walked on ms toes for fear he should attract attention, and, once passed, he ran as bard as his feeble strength would allow. After an hour thus he had gone beyond the outermost suburbs, and all about him lay broad stretching farms, and the well-kept estates of the aristocracy. He would have journeyed on, aimless and ignorant of his surroundings, but his strength failed him. Never a strong man, the enforced idleness of prison life had softened his muscles, and the horrible experiences of the past fifteen hours had shattered his nerves. He sat down by the roadside and tried to think. Why was it that he who had never consciously done anybody a wrong should be brought to this pass? Why should the Camor rists seek to murder him? During the hours after Vitale had announced to him his fate he bad been too oppressed by the predicament to think clearly, and now he was wholly at a loss to conjecture what could have happened to bring upon him the enmity of the terrible Society. His thoughts wandered, the stinging pain in his lungs remained, and he ached in every limb. His head dropped, and in another moment he would have been asleep but for the noise of an approaching wagon. He hastily withdrew and lay down beside the wall of the adjoining field until the wagon had passed. Then he rose, and conscious of the need of sleep, and the danger of being discovered, cast about for a hiding-place. A short walk brought him to a farmhouse. Entering the enclosure he prowled carefully about until be came to a heapof straw. Par tially covering himself with it he lay down and almost immediately Blept. He was arouBed at early dawn by the ordi nary noises of a farmyard, but he dared not j stir. He even covered himself entirely with the straw holding his hand before his face so that now and again he might push some of the stuff away ana thus get a chance for breath. It was well he did so, for before long a man came from a stable with a long fork and pro ceeded to pick up a lot of straw from the very heap under which Nicola lay. Fortunately none of the tines pierced the fugitive's body, and the man returned with his load to the stable without suspecting Nicola's presence. Time passed very slowiv, but at fast, peering out between his fingers, Nicola saw all the men of the house depart for the fields for their day's work. Then he cautiously crept out, and faint with hunger, approached the house to ask for food. He knocked at what he thought would be the kitchen door. It was opened at once by [ a young woman, who had no sooner set eyes on the caller than she shrieked loudly, slammed the door, and Nicola could hear her running across the room. ! Alarmed by this strange behaviour, Nicola ralso took to his heels. What could be the ] matter? He had supposed be wouldbereceived as an ordinary beggar, and that a crust of bread at least be given to nim. He recalled his re mark to the sentty. Had the report of his dis appearance already got abroad, and was every body to look upon him as a ghost? He could net run far, and when he was forced to rest he hid as well as he could in a clump of bushes. Presently two persons passed, hurrying along the road. They were talking excitedly about cholera, aud walking pestilence, but Nicola could not gather their meaning or make out that they referred to him. ; Some time after they had gone beyond hear I ing, he emerged from his hiding- place and 'set out again along the road. Just wound a baud lie I eaw tne roof of another farmhouse, and while ; be was debating whether he would try again t > beg some food, he was approaohed by a party of several people, most of them women. "There he isl" cried one of them, ant Nicola recognised the girl who had so recent] y shrieked at the eight of him. . The entire party stopped abruptly and looked fearfully at the fugitive. . "Good people," eaid Nicola, approaching despairingly, "I am an unfortunate man that means no narm—% , .. "Be off'."shouted one of the men in the group, and he picked up a stone from the ground, and raised his arm threateningly. "Why?" began Nicola, . "Bejoff with you," cried the wholeparty in a chorus; "go somewhere and finiBh dying of the cholera if you are not dead yet. Don l brinf^ your pest to the homes of innooent I*And forthwith they began to throw stones at him ; and Nicola, stung with pain, for one of the missileB struck him in the face, turned about and ran. His assailants pureued and kept up a running fire of stones, put as they made no serious effort to overtake him, and as terror lent new power to the fugitives limbs, he was not injured, and before long had left the pursuers far behind. Even as realized the cause of this unexpected trouble His face was yet discoloured with the stuff Vitale had supplied; he must indeed look like a walking, oholera-stricken corpse. No wonder the country people wished to drive him away. Nicola hurried on. The episode just nar rated had compelled him to return on his course, and he was now approaching Naples. Faint and discouraged he was beginning to long almost for recapture, when he came te a ' narrow stream. ' He then left the roiad and followed along the bank of the stream -until he came to a sheltered place. There he bathed. Afl be was scouring his cheeks with white Baud, he became acutely conscious of the wound made by the stone thrown at him by the farmer. The skin had been slightly broken, and the flesh was swelling until it threatened completely to close his eye. Unoomfortable as it was Nicola yet took neart from it. His appearance had naturally changed somewhat during his imprisonment, and the swelling would make him for the time at least wholly unrecognisable; the more bo as people would not pronably suspect that he was alive. Accordingly he determined to make his way j back to the city. He would be less omspicuous in the crowded streets than wandering aim lessly about the country. Hp to this moment he had kept the spade that he had taken from the burying ground. It occurred to him that it might be recognised and so attract some kind of suspicion to him. So he oast it into the i stream and returned to the highway. , At the very first house he came to he applied i for assistance. As in the ■ first case it was a woman who came to the door, for all the men had gone to the fieldB. Nicola stammered in i confusion, for beggary was not familiar to him, that he was hungry and that he would gladly do some work about the yard in payment for a bit of bread. ,, The woman turned without a word to a table | near the door and took from it a half loaf, which she gave to Nicola. - „ " There isn't any work that you can do, ahe said, "but you're welcome to this. Her tone was so kindly, her whole manner so free from distrust, that the tears started from. Nicola's eyes. It was long since he had been treated otherwise than as a good-for-nothing and a criminal He tried to thank his benefao tresB, but he broke down; ' , , ,, "You've been hurt,"remarked the woman simply, aotnoticingbis embarrassment. " Yes ; a stone was thrown at me. " Oh—too bad ! How can boys be so cruel ? As if misfortune wasn't enough, but they must add to it. Dreadful'. Here, let me make a poultice of crumbs to take out the pain and re duce the swelling." . , , ,. Nicola started. That swelling might be his only safety until he had hidden himself in the slums of Naples. "No, no!" he exclaimed hurriedly, you are very kind-I am very grateful, more so than I can say. God bless you, madame. and he ran from the door. " Strange!" murmured the good woman, looking wonderingly after him. ' He seemed to have a good heart; what can be the trouble with him V' and she resumed her work. Nicola ate his bread as he walked, and was much refreshed. He began to hope that all might be well for him at last. Presently he stopped with a sinking heart. A short dis tance ahead was the cemetery and the cholera burying ground, from which he hsd ©soaped the night before. Although he was reasonably sure of passing without detection or arousing suspicion he nadn't the heart to try it. He retraced his steps, took the first by-road leading towards the north, went to the end of it, crossed fields, traversed forests, and so walking all day long, made nearly a com plete circuit of the city. Then he entered its streetB, feeling at every step as if the eyes of the Law and the Camorra were upon him. It was nearly evening, and in spite-of the evident danger of the proceeding Nicola went to the house where his wife had lived previous to his imprisonment. He felt himself drawn there irresistibly ; not that he wanted to enter; rot that he cared much to see the wife who had driven him from her door ; there was simply an inexplicable fascination about it, and the very- danger he ran added to the attraction. • The sun had set when Nicola arrived there, but in the gathering dusk it was perfectly easy to see the outer door of Filomena s house hung with crepe. Nicola stood there wondering. What did it mean! He was possessed by insatiable curiosity. He approached a shop "Pardon, Signor, can you say whether Madame Filomena Firetta lives near here ? "Aye," replied the shopkeeper; 'the widow Piretti lives just across the way there, where the shades are drawn." ^ , ... . ... j "The widow Piretti?" repeated Nicola half V^ey: Her husband, generally known as the Blockhead, died in prison a day or twoago. I never met him, but everybody says be was a worthless chap, and a criminal as well. Widow Filomena, however, has great respect for the proprieties, and she will doubtless wear black for several weeks. Are you acquainted with the family?" , „ "I used to be—ah—I knew her husband, stammered Nicola. "I thank you, Signor. He left the neighbourhood at once. " So they think me dead, then," be thought. " Perhaps I may live after all" . That night he spent as homeless, friendless vagabonds must, and the next day he began again the weary task which had been inter rupted by bis arrest—seeking employment. We will not follow him closely in his search. Let it suffice that he Buffered much, that he escaped detection, and after a time was en gaged to do some trivial, unskilled work in a P'ieveral'weeks had passed. Nicola had allowed his beard to grow in order to conceal his features as much as possible; for although he knew that the law regarded him as dead, he feared that the far-reaching Camorra would discover him; and for the very reason that he knew not why the Society had sought his life, he feared the more to become known to them. Of course be went under mi assumed name and avoided his former haunts, and after that first visit to his wife's house he took pains never to be seen in any place where he might be known. He seldom left his lodging or the shops. All told he was recover ing spirits. The work paid for a modest living, and new friends proved to be pleasant. One day as he was packing a box with pipes he heard a voice at his back:—"Oho! Blockhead!" Nicola dropped the pipe in his hand and it fell in pieces on the floor. Ashy pale and trembling like a leaf in the wind he turned to face the mas who had addressed him. He saw a young man standing in a nonchalant attitude, smiling, and his eyes twinkling as with keen satisfaction. It was Carmine Esposito, the Commornst, who had condemned Nioola to death. 