1 kapunda coursing- club. i Patron—Mr. H. Dutton; president, Mr. , D. James; vice-presidents, Messrs. J. N. : Smith, H. T. Morris, Hon. J. Coles, M.P., j J. W. White, M.P., Dr. C. "YV. Hamilton, | Dr. E. Glynn, J. Poole, J. K. Shannon, W. M. Shannon, J. P. Orchard, and J. I Moyle;judge,Mr.It.E.H.Hope. Stewards 1 j —Controlling beat, Messrs. C. H. Shake shaft, C. Coles, and W. C. Martin; control ling public, Messrs. J. 3J. Smith, J. S. | Pearce, and A. Sliainon ; controlling dogs, Messrs. J. P. Orchard and W. Wright; > slipper, Mr. M. Fahey; flag steward, Mr. G. Scheid; hon. secietary, Mr. H. Fawcett. j The meeting at Anlaby on Tuesday and Wednesday of the recently - resuscitated j Kapunda Coursing Club was a brilliant j success. From start to finish everything has been very favorable to the club. He- ] formed with a large number of enthusiastic and energetic members, and the promise of , a couple of days' coursing on the beautiful i estate, Anlaby, the club felt confident in bidding for a good meeting by offering | stakes sufficient to induce owners of dogs j outside the district to enter. The pro gramme fixed on was the Anlaby Stakes, ] limited to thirty-two dogs at £1 Is.; first j prize, .£22; runner up, JilO; two dogs £4 each; four dogs .£1 each. The result was that the nominations were over-applied for, and ten dogs had to be excluded. This was quite beyond the expectations of the club, and gave another assurance of a successful meeting. To crown all, the weather was dry, clear, and exhilarating, and a very large number of spectators, including many from Adelaide, attended, there being fully two hundred people on the ground on Tues day afternoon. Anlaby has its disadvantages as well as its advantages. The estate is rather far from the town for a large number of persons who would otherwise take the opportunity of having a day's outing, but the spot is a delightful one; the air at this season is so balmy and invigorating, and the country on every hand, clothed with a rich green sward, with here and there thick clumps of trees, rugged and weather beaten, but withal of a " green old age/J within whose welcome shade hare thousands of sheep ever and anon ensconsed, is very picturesque. Standing on an elevation in the paddock known as the " Light Pad dock*' and looking west on the miles that extend to the horizon the eye covers the gentle undulating pasture land—green, relieved by the sombre tussocks from beneath, which may be seen bounding the wily hare—then the variegated earth of farmers' fallow land, then more pasture land, and so on until vision is lost in the dark sides of distant hills ; to the east and north quickly the view is obstructed by tall hills, thickly studded with trees, or valleys, the thick foliage of whose timber obscure the view. Anlaby is certainly a " goodly heritance," and it is to be hoped that the worthy proprietor will not allow the present to be the last time on which the inhabitants of pent-up towns may be allowed, like frisky lambs, to gambol on its hillsides and iu. its dales. There was much wisdom on the part of the prophet who decided to go to the mountain when the mountain would not approach him, and the coursing club could not have done better than go to Anlaby. Kodents were not only plentiful but too much so in several courses, the dogs getting different sights or bringing up a hare or two during the run. The ease with which the runs were got off on the southern side of the Light will be under stood from the fact that before 12 o'clock six or seven pairs had been through the slips, and some splendid runs made; but on crossing the river some time was spent in beating before a hare could be sighted. Later on in the day, however, in the wooded portions of the ground, the rodents were so numerous that the slipper was perplexed at which to let the dogs go. In this part of the estate another trouble was that the courses were frequently lost to sight in the scrub, for which the hares naturally made, whereas on the fiat, untimberedland on the river bank the whole progress of the course was seen. The pair to open the programme was Waterside and Fair Boy. A little difficulty was experienced with Waterside, who would not go into the slips and had to be hand slipped. It was a good run, Fair Boy making the pace, and won. Some interest was manifest in the pair next in the slips—Deerfoot and Bucephalus—both dogs being by Cranbrook—Juno. Deerfoot got under weigh sharpest and led some distance, when, getting near a pair of ponies, he was kicked by one of them. Bucephalus then assumed the lead, j and did most of the work to the end of a i long course, winning somewhat comfort- j ably. The next course was a good one, ! Tyro jumping the fenca splendidly, and worked well all through. King kept him 1 at a fast pace, but failed to do enough to have his color shown. The brothers Dick Swlveller and Sam Weller ran a short course, the lp.tter winning; but Lady Sovereign and Prosperity had a very long spin, the former winning fairly easily. He--d Laddie and Druggist were next in the hands of Mr. Fahey, and on being loosed Laddie went to work with the greater energy, but Druggist was not long before he warmed up and scored several, good points. The decision was in Herd Laddie's favor, which provoked adverse opinions from some of the spectators, but Mr. Hope says that although Druggist was in pos session for a time and the hare was turning and bounding no points were made by him. In the next run, between The Ghost and Moss Queen, the hare was lost before much ground had been traversed. Moss Queen led off and put in some good points, when 1 she was overtaken by the dog, and the rodent escaped. The white flag was shown. The scrub then became trouble some, Irish Queen and Ruby having sighted followed along the flat, then turned sharply and made for the heavily-timbered hills on the other side of the road. There they could now and again be seen bounding through the undergrowth, first one leading and then the other, but the hare keeping at a respectable lead for a long time. Ruby ran splendidly, beating the favorite. Morning Star and O.V.G. ran a give-and take course. O.V.G. led, and made several points when the dog took up the running and the hare was lost. The runs were now being made in the scrub, and another hare was lost in the Bonner and Hermit match. The former got away first and kept his place for some distance, when Hermit ran in well, but before he could wipe out his mate's points the hare got away. Spring and Flying Cloud were out of the slips and into the scrub and over a hill before anything could be saen of them, but not long afterwards the flag steward returned with the white flag up. The sports had by this time reached the dam where it was appointed a halt should be made. Surveying the surroundings the hungry crowd instinctively turned to the rising ground, where the anxious gaze met tables laden with sandwiches which had been kindly provided by Mr. Dutton under the able superintendence of Mr. P. Miller. Besides eatables, there was tea, and for non teetotallers liquid stronger, and plenty of all. It must liave been pleasing to Mr. Miller to find his endeavors so highly appreciated, and Mr. Button m&y; rest assured that any expressions, and they were hosts, of gratitude made were to the last degree genuine. The repast over, the inevitable photographer produced his camera, and the crowd good-naturedly arranged themselves on the slopes, while Mr. ■ McGartn immortalised the scene on his plate. Relieved of the suspense, attention was directed to Czar and O.K, who were in the hands of the slipper. It should be men tioned that Mr. George Marsh, who has been on the Anlaby Estate for many years, acted as pilot, and he held the confidence of everyone, knowing, as he does, every acre in the immense estate. After a long walk towards the homestead, just within sight of it a rodent appeared and the two dogs were on his trail, Czar showing most pace at the outset, followed by quickly succeeding changes of places, but O.K. outlasted hi™ in a course of quite a mile and a half, almost describing a circle, and won by about three points. Several hundred yards from the kill O.K. somersaulted nastily, but recovered himself before the black dog could come up to him. About the biggest dog on the field was Currier, and interest was manifested as to how he would shape. Matched against Python, a rodent was espied on a small bit of clear country, and the dogs were quickly in its wake, both running nicely, but the larger one was j hardly fast enough for Python, whose color was put up. Yatara and Chemist started in pursuit, through tall tufts of grass, Chemist in front, maintaining his position well. Yatara appeared from a distance to be running a little cunningly, but he ran well. The run was close all through, Yatara gaining the first place, killed and threw the hare into Chemist's mouth, who, though getting nothing for the hare, was given the course. Starlight and Laverock were quickly disposed of, the former running very cunningly, and the decision was in Laverock's favor consequently. Different hares were sighted by Confidence and King Bounce, and they had a long chase on a no-course. On the second slip Confidence beat King Bounce easily. It being still early in the afternoon and hares plentiful, the first ties were gone on with, Fair Boy 1 and Bucephalus being the first in the strings, the former winning easily, and Sam Weller beat Tyro as comfortably. Herd Laddie, who tied with Lady Sovereign, ran into a fence and had to be withdrawn. Ruby had the trial with Moss Queen well in hand from the start, and picked up the hare without a turn, but O. V.G. and Bonner had a close run. The dog led off, scoring | a few points on O.V.G., who only lost by a I point when the hare ran into a log. O.K. | ran well again, this time in company with Plying Cloud. The dog led the way with j the slut not far behind, but before she had J time to score much the hare went through 1 a fence and the chase was closed, O.K. being j given the preference. A long course ended in Pyohou being placed second to Chemist. When Python had scored eight points he | had an ugly fall, which, perhaps, may account for Chemist beating so easily. The last of the ties was a very short run, Laverock killing. Dusk had by this time i set in, and business was postponed till the morrow. The consensus of opinion was that some capital coursing had been wit nessed, and everyone went home well satisfied with the day's outing. Wednesday was a fine day, if anything better than Tuesday, and the attendance was larger, and included a number of ladies. The courses opened on the same ground as on the previous day, and hares were as numerous. The proceedings began with the first pair of the second ties, Fair Boy and Sam Weller. Off, the dogs ran up and over the hill, Sam making several points which did not count, the dogs not , being on equal terms. Getting equal, i Sam was the first to score; Fair Boy then got the lead and did a nice run, but he was overtaken by Sam, who wrenched, [ turned, and killed, winning by several points. Ruby won a short course hand somely from Lady Sovereign. Bonner and O.K. were slipped to an undecided course. They were put into the slips again, and a little while afterwards they were loosed to a strong hare. Bonner did the harder work in the early part of the run. The course wa-s a very long one, which was all advantage to O. K., who gradually wore down his opponent and won. Chemist was very lame, and his owner at first thought he would not allow him to start, but, changing his mind, put him in the slips, and, after a brief chase with Laverock, Chemist's color was hoisted. Two good dogs appeared to open the third ties, Sam Weller and Euby. A very fast hare was sighted, and Sam led off quite ten lengths aliead, but fell over a log, allowing Ruby to get in, who, of course, had it all her own way, until they reached the fence, at which she stopped. Sam, however, went through and gained several points, but as the judge made his decision on the fence being reached, the honor went to the slut. Two full brothers, Chemist and O. K., were now paired, and on getting loose from the strings, the latter had the start, but was overtaken by Chemist, and a give-and take race ensued for about a mile, bringing the hare around to the spectators who had assembled on the hill. This course created some excitement, the dogs being local ones. O. K. had the better staying power, and won. Shortly after twelve o'clock O. K. and Ruby were passed to the slipper for the deciding course. The j previous run was a great grueller for O. K., and Ruby became the favorite. They were slipped to only a moderately good hare, the slut making the pace for a little distance. The dogs then ran first alternately for a while, and eventually the flag was put up for Ruby. Ruby is owned by Mr. L. McBean and is by Eos—Vic, and O.K., owned by Mr. C. H. Shakeshaft, is by Cranbrook—Fly. An open sweepstake was run off,of which Plying Cloud was the winner. This Wished the meeting. Lunch was again provided by Mr. Dutton, and at its conclusion a little speech making was indulged in. Mr. D. James, the presi dent, expressed the thanks of the club to Mr. Dutton for his kindness in placing his paddocks at the disposal of the club, for providing the lunch, and doing other things for the convenience of the club and its patrons, and also thanked Mr. Miller for the part he had taken to make the meeting a success. Mr. J. N. Smith, vice-president, thanked the judge and others for the satis | factory manner in which they had dis j charged their duties, and referred to the kindness of Mr. Dutton and Mr. Miller. He also complimented Mr. McBean, | the owner of Ruby, on having carried off the stake. Mr. Hope responded, and in doing so took ilie opportunity of explaining some of the most important rules of coursing-. Mr. McBean also re sponded. Mr. R. T. Clark spoke on behalf of the people from the city. He had been toa great many coursing meetings in South Aus tralia, but he had never been better treated than at that one. He thought the thanks of all were due to Mr. Dutton for doing so much for the convenience of the club and ! the spectators. He wished the house of Mr. Dutton every happiness, and expressed (the hope that the meeting would be held at j the same place next year. Mr. P. M. Miller acknowledged the kind remarks made, and ' apologised for the unavoidable absence of j Mr. Dutton. After Mr. Clark had proposed. a vote of thanks to the press in eulogistic J terms, a general start was made for I Kapunda, which was reached in time to I permit those of the visitors who wished to j do so to return to the city by the afternoon train. Mr. Hope, the judge, filled his ! ' difficult office with satisfaction to all, and Mr. j Fahey as slipper carried out Ms responsible, : and to a great extent thankless, work well, although, of course, as usual, some onlookers could have done better in several instances. ; The stewards had little or no trouble with the crowd, and things all round went pleasantly, and the secretary (Mr. H. j Fawcett) was as energetic as it was possible for an enthusiast to be. The settling-up took place on Wednesday i evening at the Lord Palmerston Hotel, but i we received no notification of the fact, con- I sequently we were not present, and a | sporting man has furnished us with the j following account:—" Mr. J. N. Smith was in the chair. After the stakes had been I paid over ,the usual toasting took place. Mr. D. James opened the ball, expressing the hope that the time would come when they would have a Plumpton on the Bagofs Well racecourse. Mr. McBean said he was quite satisfied, and. did his duty well by carrying round the fizzing foaming | champagne in abundance. Messrs. Coles, May, Pearce, and others acquitted them | selves nicely. The visitors from Adelaide j expressed their entire satisfaction at the I whole affair, and believed the club would j be a success, and promised to assist it in j every way they possibly could. After 1 everybody had been toasted, evea coupled j. with absent friends, the slipper (Mr. Mick, i Fahey) rose, and said—Gentlemen, I have ! been walking hard for Iwo days and I did ] my best to get the dogs away on equal terms, and you have said nice things about the judge and stewards, but you have not said anything about me. Mr. Smith, the chairman, dashed in and scored a few points, and said that Mr. Fahey, the slipper, was cheered on the coursing ground, which, he thought, was quite enough for him. But Mr. Fahey, who is a bit of a genius at warbling, wiped the points off and had one to the good by reciting the Caulfied Cup with effect and singing that beautiful < song, The Rose of Tralee, with feeling and j pathos. This terminated a pleasant even- j ing." ! The following are the courses:— j Anlaby Stakes. Mr. E. Hansberry's Fair Boy beat Mr. ! J. MeWhirter's Waterside. Mr. R. Shannon's Bucephalus beat Mr. J. Hosking's Deerfoot. Mr. G-. Sheid's Tyro beat Mr. J. Moyle's Eincr. Mr. N. A. Messenger's Sam Wheller beat Mr. D. Fitzroy's Dick Swiveller. Mr. W. T. Burgess's Lady Sovereign beat Mr. D. James's Prosperity. Mr. W. E. Hubble's Herd Laddie beat Mr. Alf. Fawcetf s Druggist. Mr. J. Hammer's Moss Queen beat Mr. W. C. Martin's The Ghost. Mr. L. McBean's Ruby beat Mr. W. N. Waite's Irish Queen. Mr. J. P. Orchard's O.V.G. beat Mr. M. McMahon's Morning Star. Mr. F. Frost's Bonner beat Mr. C. A. Haskell's Hermit. Mr. M. WLm's Flying Cloud beat Mr. A. C. Schroeder's Spring. Mr. C. H. Sliakeshaft's O.K. beat Mr. G. H. Coomb's Czar. j Mr. C. Pearce's Python beat Mr. T. Dumbreck's Currier. Mr. M. Fahey's Chemist beat Mr. A. Shannon's Yatara. Mr. A. Davoren's Laverock beat Mr. M. Garry's Starlight. Mv. T. J. Conway's Confidence beat Mr. M. Shea's King Bounce. First Ties. Fair Boy beat Bucephalus. Sam Weller beat Tyro. Lady Sovereign a bye; Herd Laddie drawn through accident. Ruby beat Moss Queen. Bonner beat O.V.G. O.K. beat Flying Cloud. Chemist beat Python. Laverock beat Confidence. Second Ties Sam Weller beat Fair Boy, Ruby beat Lady Sovereign O.K. beat Bonner. Chemist beat Laverock. Third Ties. Ruby beat Sam Weller. O.K. beat Chemist. Deciding Course. Mr. L. McBean's y.s. Ruby, by Eos—-Vic, baat Mr. C. H. Shakeshaffs f.d. O.K., by Cranbrook—Fly, and won the stake. SuPFLEMENTAEY STAKES. Lady Sovereign beat Starlight. Morning Star beat Redlight. Prosperity beat Lady. Flying Cloud beat Waterside. First Ties. Morning Star beat Lady Sovereign. Flying Cloud beat Prosperity. Deciding Course. Mr. Winn's Flying Cloud beat Mr. M. McMahon's Morning Star. 