QUEENSLAND SHEARING' DIFFICULTY. The Strike attain Endi Men Refuse to Concede Freedom/ of Contract. Government Asked for Work'or; Rations. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, June'14 Mr. Mitchell, secretary of the Pastoral* ists' Union, has received a fcelegra'm the Pastoralists' Association of Brisbane, Etating that Mr. Hinehcliff, secretary ox the Lalior.GFfideratioff,-ha'dwired to Roma = that the fuids were .-about" done and that' the A.L.I?. had decided; to .break fop-the, camps and advise'-the menftdlretufn&to; work/ but not to - recognise-freedom' of1 contract. . Similar .telegrams -have- been received ? from .Tamb'o, ; Barealdine, and Charleville. Mr. Mitchell states that no difficulty is anticipated in getting-any number of shearers in the Riverina dis trict when wanted, astheie are any number of meiTready to. sign the new; agreement : throughout the: district, especially in vietf of the high Tate' of Tvages offered. The' statement by the pastoralists that the strike is over so far as the Queens land shearers are concerned is denied by A.S.U. here. Mr; Poynton, on behalf of the Shearers' Union, states he has n . ': heard of any alteration, in the policy of the executive in reference to the strike. Barealdine, June 14. At a1 mass ~ meeting to-day the strike committee announced that the strike was declared off, but'that they ivould nob officially concede freedom of contract. A resolution to this effect was passed'by: the meeting, and.it was announced that the unions' were defunct, but would be re organised at a future time; The men were thanked for their loyalty, and the committee relied upon their still adhering to union principles; Aresolutionwaspassed declaring that- the men would not give in to fretedom of I contract,l and1 if the Go vernment would! not-give'them work- or > rations they were prepared to go to gaol. A deputation was appointed to wait on the Government agent to-morrow morning and demand work- or rations. Some trouble is likely to ensue. If the rations are not issued, for although a number of the best men will start away at once searching for employment, some hun dreds are likely to remain here and harass the authorities. Yet another family magazine has been added to the long list of those which are published every week for the amusement and instruction of E nglish-reading people. The new penny worth is called Golden Gates, and its editress is John Strange Winter (Sirs. Arthur Stannard}, the author of "Bootle's Baby"' and other popular works of fiction.' A copy of the first monthly' number, which contains four of the weekly parts, has been sent to us by Messrs. E. S. Wigg. & Co. Each of these weekly issues is complete in itself, and the con ductor promises that two tales " by the most popular authors of the day" shall be presented regularly, that there shall be no ghost-stories, and that the whole magazine shall be "bright, breezy, and thoroughly wholesome in tone." The opening volume, has an autograph portrait of Mrs. Stannard as a frontispiece, and the reading matter fully confirms the promise of the introduction. At about a quarter past 7 o'clock on Saturday morning Charlotte Jones, wife of Samuel Jones, of Osmond-terrace, Norwood, reported to the Norwood police that her- little - son had just found an old man named John-King, aged 76 years,, deadin_bed in a three-roomed hotv.t! situated on Osmond-terrace. Mrs. Joim® stated that she was -in the habit of sending a cup of tea-to the deceased by her -s6n every ; morning, asbawas veiy feeble. .Lance'-Gorporitl . Overington, of Norwood, repotted that'he had visited the house - and- examined-the -body. The man had evidently ;_been dead "several hours.. He was last seen alive between 7 and 8 o'clock- on Friday evening by the little boy - Jones,'who gave him a cup of tea and lit a fire . for him. The house was entirely destitute of' furniture, with the exception of an- old bed and a box. He found some letters and from these it appears that there is a daughter of deceased's living at Broken Hill and a son at Mount Ryan. They have been telegraphed to, informing them of the decease of tneir father. The corporal also found 2s. 6d: on themantle- . piece and a post-office order for £1 enclosed. in a letter sent him by a nephew addressed from Bondi, New South Wales. . The coroner was informed, but deemed an inquest unnecessary.. We have received from the local agents of the company, Messrs. -J. Rawlings & Son,' an excellent colored-map of-Northero Queensland,, issued by the North Queensland Insurance ' Company/' The map is a very complete one and shoWirthe various -Bteamer- rotrtes~and~ the " railway- line»~nmningi;tKrdugh.'"the' northern' \- portionxofuQueenslands'~ Thtf Sme!titigvCor^iW^p^^r6efe'-SftieK-1 ing ?^^te-'hi^S^c^ite^th'^'fondTi'hig fcasble" advicserfto&i; thfeiifEondon9 agents,u.d!ite8 Jvhte" soft Spanish'leaid,J£l2 I3arp6f tori.--' 