OUR SYDNEY LETTER. Sydney, Wednesday night. I think it was Thackaray who said that the great art of writing, was to make old things appear now, and new things appear just old enough to look respect able. You will guess from this that I have little news to tell, and that what I have will require to be dressed in a new suit of clothes and made as interesting as possible. Of course, this applies only to the bare subjects, and not to any many as a chameleon has changes. To get an idea of the number of color developments this interesting reptile can create it is, 1 have been told, necessary to prod around with a stick and irritate the lizard's peculiarities into sufficient prominence to be discernible. So to a cer tain extent with news. ' You gentlemen of England' or any other land ' who sit at home at ease ' have no idea what ever of the amount of prodding around one requires to run the risk of, in order to fossick facts and to provide suitable copy. To get information one must poke one's nose into the affairs of every thing and everybody, and it takes a pretty large amount of assurance at times to ready up sufficient courago to follow to the full limit the business of a rag-picker on the social dust heap. At present rags are scarce except in the shape of freetrade newspapers, and so one has to be content with whatever turns up, as with journalistic hoe and rake one prods here and-there for items of inter esting news. Excuse all this preliminary and accept the assuranco that Parkes continues as usual to monopolise atten tion in the political world, which, as though for revenge, he monopolises in return. Chameleonic in his changes of opinion, the G.O.M. keeps on doing it in the same remarkable fashion of old, and, like a second Warwick, stands with his back against the Treasury safe and flourishes defiance in the face of his enemies. Of course, by this time you will have heard that the much-hated old 'un has laken unto himself — not a wife, because he has had two already — but the management.or, rather, mismanagement,, of the public till. Until the appointment of a successor to calico jemmy Mac, the Kiama Ghost spiritualist at the head of affairs will work the little 7Jreasury oracle and look after affairs generally, though, whether it is the intention of Parliament to look after Parkes, is not stated. The shunting of McMil lan, much as that perky rag merchant was disliked, is, in the opinion of everyone down here a very black piece of ingratitude on the part of the Premier, whose thirst for power and indifference as to how he maintains it are such as to cause folks who know him best to specu late how much it would require to make Parkes sell his grandmother — if he had one alive — or even someone infinitely nearer. I suppose you have noticed how the old man has been buttering the labor nnyfr.xr toi+.Vi TiTnmioac *\ATnll in nnewoi* jjtfcl VJ IT1V11 ^ILUIU1£}CO. IT till, 111 HUDITCl to a threat by the Trades Council, that unless he came down with a Conciliation Bill before the end of the week the party would 'fire low and lay 'imout,' the Premier has played it sufficiently low down as to promise under coercion what everyone knows he would in unassail able power have refused. Pride, Parkes has none. Vain to the extremity of vanity, the old gentleman is yet utterly destitute of those qualities which go to make a man stand; on his dignity and maintain, even against all-comers, foes, friends and middlemen alike, the right to his own opinions, be those opinions as false as an elderly spinster's wig and as rotton as Gorgonsolla cheese or election eering eggs. Parkes is not a man of this high, or really ordinary principle, and advances and backs down, and advances again, with every turn oE the tide of political kudos, trimming his ragged sails to every wind, and trailing his dishonored flag to every one he desires to slobber over for some support. Other changes will be made in the Ministry when McMillan's successor shall have been appointed, and then we shall stand a good chance ? of watching from an emi nence the frantic efforts of a sinuously minded Minister to keep his balance be tween two stools — capital and labor. Have you heard that Bernhardt goes West on Saturday ? and, if not, permit me to assure you that she does. Her soason here .has. been an immense suc cess, and if the people have benefited by the chance of seeing out here the greatest living female exponent of histrionic art, the said female has, on' the other hand, raked in the ,dollars to an extent that must be as satisfactory to Bernhardt's manager as to herself. On Saturday, as I; havo just mentioned, the fascinating siren goes hence Westward, and trips it past Bathurst to Orango to inspect the 'great' mines of Lucknow, under the stern protection of that prince of specu lators, the inevitable Newman. Jersey, Governor and Commandeyin Chief, goes south to-morrow, and will make a boomerang trip to Broken Hill, where he is to open with all due. cere mony the magnificent Town Hall of that little silvern colony of South Australian crow-eaters. When there the belted Earl of the ginger whiskers will 'do' the mines, and see whatever else there is to be seen in a part of the country whore in summer water boils if exposed to the sun, and spiders grow as large as sea crabs, 1 and wear trousers all the year round. Jersey will break his trip to ' the hill ' by a brief spree in Smell bourne, and a day or two's sojourn in that city where tho dovil and the church play dummy cut-throat euchre for tho enterprising and particu-* lnriv moral bineds of South Australia — the devil winning nine hands out of ten. And with this very wiso remark, which I trust you will not deem blasphemous, I must take a trip myself — trip my pen up as it were — and, with the mild assurance to your readers that I write only when in tho humor, I beg to draw in my horns — ink horns in fact — and draw down the blind preparatory to going tombed to cuddle the responsi bility of a' further and more readable letter which you will, d.v., receive with my blessing for next Monday's issue. 