CONVICT DAYS ' VAN DSEMAN’S land. TS.VS CHRONICLES. [all rights reserved.] No. 8. B31DQOLEES1 CAVE.” : The two men were greatly escitsfl, and Chapman nearly dropped into thp water in stead of the boat. As thay sat for a few momenta listening, they could hear the murmur of voiaes, but could not see tna speakers. Then nil was silent for several minutes, and the two watchers began to feel apprehensive that they had lo3« those they were purcuing. It was a strange scans. The rocking boat, with the two eager men, floating under ths frowning cliff* of the gho3t-haun£ad isle; trie \ vo:oe3, which they knew were human, out whose possessors were as irr.-Uioie as thougii they vto.Q tbo fabled cap of darkness; the swelling eeawith its mymdsof phosphorescent gleams, and the deaUily aileacu broken now and again by the boom of the sea iu one of the blow holes, sounding like tho anguished moan of a lost spirt, was terribly irnures iseooming lmpatmnt,.the otucer .anu ma companion pulled round’the rocks, but they had not proceeded a hundred yards, when Chapman, looking baok, give a cry oi sur prise which attracted his uomrsde’a atten tion. Glancing in the same direction, the young man distinctly saw a boat making away from the spot they had waited at, under the overbaDsing ledge oi rock. Tne uk:C was cutting through ibe water at a rapid rate, and making for the open sea. “ They have given us the slip, and are going back to Hobart Town, X suppose,” spoke Trench. "X am too tired to follow them, and I suggest \va so to the gaol.” “Yea, that is the best we can do. I will see Mr. Eyre, and pet further instructions. I will ask hia authority to arrest Penfold on the oharge of being an e-caped convict. If wo.doa’5 take decisive, me a res we wili lose him altogether,'1 replied GhapmaD. Ife was daylight when'they reached Porfc Arthur prison, and ns soon as possible they saw tho superintendent and gavo him an ac count of Penfold’s movements and his miU night visit to the isle. ... *4 Go back to town, Chapman, and I yhl give you a letter 10 the chief of police, asking him to arrest Tenfold cn the charge of being Bn escaped convict. Meanwoils, I will take a boat party to where you foUowea him last night, and wa will search for the Uiuing-piaca he must have there,” Eyre answered. An hour afterwards the superintendent, with Trench and several other men in two imnll boats, wore pulling towards the islet. The lientenent had no difb.-nlty in showing the exact place they had heard the sound of voices, and in also pointing out where too gleam of fight had eho.no, ae Chapman had placed a mark near it. Eyre himself clambered on the ledge of rock, and eocm reached iho small crevice in the'rook. He could sea nothing, bat on dropping a etono down it a hollow sound answered baok, which showed that it did not lead directly into the water. Rituruiag to the boat, he instructed both cretve to make the most exhaustive search among the blow holes and crevices which abounded. They spent nearly an hour a: the work without success, whoa the practised eye of the super intendent caught sight of a large atons, which partly blocked up the end of a deep gullet in tha face of the cliCr. The stone seemed to have something artificial about it. Where it joined on the main body the junoture was quite apparent, instead of being; covered with marine incrustatione. The channel of the gullet was wide enough to permit the entrance of a fairly eized boat, while it was of unknown depll. Ordering the crew to pull into it, he critically examined the reek, and waa quite convinced it had recently been removed. With Bn effort be tried to atir it, but it re mained firm. He was pressing against it from the top at first, but gradually he tried it from other points, and he had ecatculy tonohed the right-hand aide, when it eming back as easily ataoat as a door.rsvea ng the continuation of the channel. ^ animation aho^-fi that the stone ,eal!y worked on a rough pivot artifically contrived, a-nd that very great labor must have been m volvedin the task ol fitting it. Pealing now shat they ware on tne eve oi a disoovery at tha islana mystery, tne party waited impatiently until the second boat had bean despatched to the gaol for lights, whian had not bean btought. These were soon got, and with thcm.lha party essayed the task of exploring the ocean cave. It turned to the wedt a few yards inside tha stone, and pro ceeded for about fifty feat, getting broader and higher as they advanced. Suddenly it ended in a magnificent rook-chamber, where the water ran out on a tiny sandy beach. Much surprised, tha party etepped out and found the floor sloped upwards until it was fifteen feet above Bea lovel, and then it branobed ofi in numerous small chambers or passagee. In most of thesa the eigne of human habitation were everywhere visible, r. .’One of the best, which was the bedroom of the oave oacupant, was comfortably furnished ind in another a large number of casks were, ; stored. The superintendent examined these, and to his astonishment found them to con tain rum, gin, brandy, and whisky, whilst ■ several oases of tobacco were also in the 'oavern. Evidently emuggling was being "carried on, but by whom or how managed wae'a myetery to him. The occupant (tor only ona bed could bo j 'found) was evidently fond o£ reading, aud i ’ mUBt surely be cxcremely vain, at quits a j number cf looking-glasses of all shapes and I sizes were found, and too books and papers I twere numerous for these times. J ? After a rigid searob, and finding nothing | anoreof consequence, the superintendent do- j •cided to leave Lieutenant Tronoh in charge j of She cave with three soldiers, and he gave j most omphatio orders that the contraband 'article® should not be touched. ■ After calling in theseoond boat he departed, j leaving tbefirst in the cavern in ease Trench , "should require it. That evening, alter send- j ■ fag word to the Hobart Town authoritiea, ! hi decided to pay a second visit to the . cavern and take provisions for its little garri son, Wljen b0 reached tha great chamber i tha 'boat| was still moored there, hut no : response was given to his repeated signals. ... ifBy’ heaven,” he exclaimed, “if these fallows have broached the spirits I will make an example of them.” Jumping out, he walked up the elop3 of "the first chamber, and ahead of him the place was in darkness, and, irritated at what he oonoeived was gross neglect on the part of the guard, he walked quickly in the direction : of tuo storeroom. He was nearing it, when in ill® gloom he stumbled against something ' and almost fell. The lights coming up ho ;Va« *twaB «>B prostrate body of ona of the men, and one look was suffioieut to show V. !jhgt its was not sleeping .but dead. Startled -at this disoovery, tha men at once searched .farther, and at the door of the epirit room ■chey found the dead body of Lieutenant -"■'Trench. The mystery was- soon explained, lot lying in a drunken sleep, with a broaohed "beg of,whisky beside them, were the romain jng two Goldiera, Flynn and Ormond. .. 'jt'subsequently transpired, that after "Byre’S party left the soldiers decided to have coins :°£ the spirits, and asked the young bflsest’s permission, wbioh he peremptorily iiefus^d. They were determined to hove ii, B„j told him so j but he threatened to shoot the first man that tried to enter the spirit ' caverp- Placing himself at the door to carry 'out “s bbreat, l18 .fiifi not think the men ■’would proceed to extremes, but they did; The three were making a rush at him, iwheh he fired dnd killed one (Butler), but tha .pjjt moment he himself fell dead, shat by jturemaining two. These men got at the drink, and though they meant to take the boat and escape, they became overpowered by the potent spirits, md: were found as described. They were ftetwarda haDgefl at Hebart Town, Superintendent Eyre over ttia tragedy Ttiut had promiE>D8 _ _t'nn loss 01 “ e , nB over too trageay , prom save, not only ior tno *°-a ‘ h0h8du<o, young officer, out also uu • • Qtc6ves and only one witness to tue ,TIL;.hoa> doubt) to Tenfold to the islet, and, tvitbou. the cavern, , .„eeived iotel Three days afterwards he r«> a 8a a ligence that Peniold had be^ ^ undCI Btowaway on board the A g b{ that oca Btowaway on board the gu . tbst OC0 oironmatanoea which left oo dou ^ ^ a) ofthe officers or men hadoannivM 6,r0Ilglf tempted free passage. Cllflp“ re, but urged the authorities to srrca t biru, as there waa no direct charg Super, they refused to do so. The efforts of ^ intendent and hia men ngsnist * 011yictica most probably not have eecurea ,oc aa against him either, had i. a“BP mots accidental discovery, tvnich cleared up to an one mystery. ,. ;n, tho The attempt to connect ^ escaped convict of sir yca.a p.e “ jested down utterly. In the hrst P>a8', h« '"d ^ that hi3 namo was i^'urtfhfi ^.3dor.d': man who heart! him called I ciifol£ ^ r.ud in appearance ha aid cot r.eem niidSirc lelon* . . ij,. ■ As snowing a weak point m *h c::,,8„ msnagemeni, the description of • ’ * had been given in loll, nearly . * tour years previonaiy, and it certain!y d.d aot correspond with the old gr F ' . rregurtba ; yet he was kept under while enquiries, were made, rtJ>Rir\\\£ ui :ontrabaud spirits and tobacco found cavern. . tha ;n Chapman took a lesding port w ■ vastigalion, but tba more be t3n1°!rcrf’> •“ more puzzled he beoame. He could ' anyvrav connect Trcgurtba with the “ . He found that hie primner had owned a comfortable farm at Now Norfolk eomo h.ee year;! previously, when he had sold 1 considerable amount, and it was by meutt accident he stumbled on tho truth. In the eastern eud of Hobart Town waoan hotel, of bad repute, called tho "Live aad Let Live Inn.” It waa tho resort of vtry questionable characters, but its owner was understood to ba rapidly amassing a mimse, so that tba business must have been luouu Chapman was passing this publio-nou2s i j one afternoon, when he eaw Officer Greetea f coming out of it. He waa surprised at this, j , as the place waa not resorted to by 11 offices: j and gentlemen." With the instinct of the j born detective he scented a aisoovery, and crossing the road, he carelessly strolled into j jho hotel. The bar was filled with rough- j looking fellows, and as Chapman called for j his drink he critically surveyed first lbs | occupants and then the appurtenances of the bar. , There was a number of bottles around, but most of tbs drink was being served out of small aasks, which stood on a small bench, Thesa fined the detective's eyes, and he began to wonder where he had seen similar ones. His memory was soon refreshed. It was in the fatal cavern of Doadmau’s Isle. His interest, which was at first suddenly aroused by this j discovery, scoa absted, as he reflected that: there were probably thousands of casks j similar to those in the cave. Vet, aa he j thought, it again occurred to him that { smuggling would not be carried on unless j there was a market for the contraband j articles, and the only market thereabouts j was Hobart Town. The truth flashed on jj him. The midnight visit to the oave was for the purpose of obtaining a supply for Ealc in the ti>wn, This decided him, and be went to the chief of police and acquainted him with his auspicious. Specimens of the articles found in the cave were in that funo i tionary’a office, and ho decided to send a polite message to Dunean MoLeod, owner of the Live and Let Live Hoiel, that ho wished to eeo him. That person was considerably troubled when he got the message, for he thought he was about to receive a warning about the j character of his house; but as he dared not j disobey it, he was soon in the presence of | tho chief and Chapman, The officer came ! down on him like a thnnderbolt. “ 1 want the name of the party or parties from whom you buy yonr smuggled drink aud *°i.cCT0^'Vwa® kia abrupt question. ' I McLsoa turned a nialtly green, and ecemed I too embarrassed to answer. •‘.Liet me tell you, mc-Lisoa, ttmt 11 you era l wise, you will answer. II yon do so yob will 1 not be punished, but i£ not you will bo ar-1 rested as an accomplice o£ the smugglers. J Look here," he went on, lilting up a ourtain | and revealing the articles taken from the j cava, “ we already have made the seizure, ! and have our hand on the man, but he sayc I you are the principal, and gave us fnforma- jj tion that induped me to eeud a man to. your hotel, where he saw the smuggled drink in the kegs. Wa don’t believe that you are the prinaipal.” •< Why, the hound,” burnt out McLeod, “ I never smuggled a drop ; 1 only bought it from him, and gave him a good prioe, too. X oan prove I never did, and there is some offioer from the Argus mixed up in it, as he visited the house to-day, and asked for the money I owe Tregurtha. He told me enough to make me give it to him.” How long have yon been getting the liquor from Tregurtha ?” asked Chapman. Mora than four years.” That evening Second-officer Gresvos was considerably astonished at being arrested on a charge of defrauding His Majesty’s revenue, and gradually the whole strange story leaked out as evidenoe was accumulated. The de tails of the trial would not bs very interest ing, so that a short sketch will be more ac> ceptable. It appears that Greeves was formerly a seaman with Penfold, under Captain Tra j mayne, when the latter was sentenced to life transportation for tha attempted mutiny. | He gradually worked himself up in his pro | fession until in 1S27 he was third officer on J board the Argus. This vsEEel was sent to j Hobart Town, and, finding bia old mate and wurai friend Tenfold was eliil alive in the | I Hobart Town prison, ho decided to release j I him if possible. j The smuggling spirit was strong m him, j and lie had on buara a quantity ot eoatra- ! baud liqucr. Slclisod was a turnkey in the j gaol, aud by judicious bribery he effected I X’cnloid’s escape. Two days previously t Greeves, with a party o' pie.iaure-seekoro, i had been on a visit to Deadmau’s Island, j aDd Greeves, noticing theaavern, which did | j not then have the pivot etona in front, de- j I oidea it would be a good hiding-place ior the S i convict. jj Buying a small boat, he brought Penfold to t it, and on exploration the cavern was found J to be n good retreat. Eere the smuggled j! drink was brought, aud Greeves kept up a j supply of it to his accomplice oa Deadtaan's | Isle, who, in disguise, disposed of it in i Hobart Town, and the two were rapidly j making a fortune. Penfold had studied j optics, and by the means of glasses bo was [ able to produce the ghost on the cliff in order j to frighten off intruders,but it had the effect E of leading to his capture. j i The trial resulted in Greeves receiving five S j yearn’ imprisonment, and Penfold bring sent! j back to hia life servitude. A year later these | two men finally escaped under extraordinary j oircumstanoeB, which will ba detailed in a J future Chronicle. j The history of these two men proves that natural brain-power and- foroo of character | will assert themselves, no matter in what difficultoiroamstances they may be placed, t Here was Penfold—a chained aud well- j guarded felon—who found means on two J successive occasions to escape the vigilance of hie guards, and finally.-eaeape .altogether; 1 although it may well be understood that ho was muoh more carefully watched after his re-oapture than ho wbb before. And then there was Greeves, a man of no education, who bad worked himself up from i the lowest rung of the Beafaring ladder, and ] had attained a.-position of responsibility,; and who finally contrived to esoape with hie friend, in spite of almost insuperable diffi culties, ii Chained to a Rook ” will be the name o! next week’s Convict Chronicle, It will prove one of the mo«« thrilling of the eeries, and show what terrible bardehips a human being can undergo and still liye; ana,stranger still, desire lolivfl' 