THE fettitgeowees' advocate. Faiuumatta, Tuesday, June 16. CFNTRAL CUMBERLAND IX PARLIAMENT. The four Ministerial candidates for Central Cumberland, as we have more than once said before, constitute a very fair working team. With one excep tion, no candidate opposing them is of superior moral or intellectual calibre. Doubtless, intellectually Mr. Tohn TTKHoiTsnw is hoad and shoulders above 1 the best of the four ; otherwise he is vastly inferior to any of them. It seems to us that the constituency lies open to reproach in that it cannot furnish (or, in any way, does not furnish) better candidate-material for tho choice of the electors. Things, however, being as they are, the late four members are the best in the field. Perhaps Mr. John Foksytu is equal to any of them, bar parliamentary experience, which ought I to go for something. We should much 1 like to see Mr. Foksytu in _ the Assembly, since we believe there is in liim the makings of a good member; and we believe that his time will yet come, if ho only wisely possess his soul in patience. There would bo some thing savouring of imprudence, to say nothing of ingratitude on the part of the Free Trade electors, should they throw over any one member of nn abovo- average team of four in order to substitute in his place a man of the | same way of party thinking not cou i fossodly his superior. If Mr. Ferguson woro a hona fide independent Mr. i Feuouson, and not the mere 'ghost' of Mr. Hugh Taylob, and were his moral force of character anything com mon aurato with his genius, which is really considerable, his right place would be at tho top of tho poll. The damning erroi of his career has all along been his prostitution of that con siderable genius in the causo of petti fogging and corrupt hughtaylorism. Instead of being a power — a real influ ence for good — on the side of honest Liberalism, ho is a clover apologist for the dodgeries and jobs of thoso who make personal profit out of mook pro fessions of being frionds of tho people. Tho MmicmiY maintains that tho lato rains and the Ministerial election ar rangomonts havo largely contributed towards keeping electors in the dark as to the merits and views of tho Oppo sition candidates. So far as regards Mr. 0. E. Fulleh and Mr. W. T. JAirey, the electors of the Central Cumberland constituoncj' are not the least bit in the dark. They are only ! too well known. Of Mr. Aikey it may be said that he is very w ell-meaning 'and. as ' bull-hoaded ' as Mr. Diubs. Ho is as nearly as possible the precise converse of what tho poet yoarued for whon ho cried aloud for a still strong man in a blatant land, Mr. Airey boing an exceedingly blatant man in a toler ably quiet, peaceloving community. Ho is somewhat below the municipal aver age : a fortiori very much indeed below tho parliamentary. In the Assembly, ho would be as much out of place as a bull in a china shop. Mr. C. E. Fuller (dospito the glowing eulogism passed on him by tho present ' Mercury '? oni ! ployees) is, though for other reasons, quite as unfit as'Mr. Aikey for a seat in tho legislature. Ho is very ignorant and (without a ' coach ' constantly at his olbow) donso and stupid when con | fronted with a political or economic i nuostion. Ho has had no oxnericnoo | whatever in public affairs, beyond somo I little in connection vrith iuaocintious, the affairs of which woro rather I?] 'muddled' than otuorwiso by bis not j^jL -articularly disinterested exertions on !yX| ioir bohalf. Ho lias thrown away 'I, good opportunities, and is now far more ?| widely known as a pillar of the cotorio | which hails from Lillio Bridge than as % an aiithority on any industrial or social I1'-' question. In Parliament Mr. C. E. ir': Fuller would bo a positivo curse, for 't '? ho possossos depths of cunning ; and iV would bo bound tc seek to omulato tho example set by the most unreliable of the public men about him. Wo oven believe him capable of making as bad a member and as thorough a misreprosentative of an honourable constituency ns is Mr. Hugh Taylor. Of Mr. T. *W. Taylor wo shall say no more than that his candi dature is a rank insult to every decent man in Central Cumberland. That ho should havo found persons with brazen assuranco enough to nominate and second him is about the most disagree able conundrum wo were ever asked to solve. With regard to the Labour Candidates, we deeply regret being unable to write a good word for thorn. On the whole we endorse the platform put forward for them ; and, moreover, we believe that the presence on the Assembly's cross-benches of a solid little phaLinx of lona-iide Labour mem bers would bo a real good thing for the entire community. But the Labour 'bunch' offered to Central Cumber land's voters isn't good enough. It doesn't even contain one individual candidate good enough for the great and holy cause it advocates. There is no doubt the Labour cause ha'l not requisite time to organise ; it would therefore have been wiser on tho part of its leaders to have waited for another opportunity (for another general elec tion even) and not to have submitted to tho constituencies, candidates, who, though perhaps privately very worthy persons, are unable to maintain with anything like argumont or intelligence the morits of the several planks of the platform to which they are pled. ged. 