WHERE DID THE ' GHOST IDEA' (LONDON .SPECTiTOB.) Lady Welby has been very badly reported, so badly that it is difficult to decide from the condensed account of in The Tims whether she was on the side of the materialists or on that of the angels. ., It is evident*! however, even from that report, that the question - she, raisedrbefore the British Association of Leeds, , was one of the first intellectual importance^ } and one which, though not new. has never, we ?believe, been quite adequately discussed, bhe asked whether those who believe that human thouffhk like man himaelf, is a product of 6low evolution continued through, entire cycles of time, recognise one great ' break' in the process, or, if they do not recognise it, howthev account for the intrusion of the ' ' ghost 'idea. ' The governine notion of those who consider that the human intellect is a result of evolution, is that man slowly accumu lated «xoerience, and from it, by comparison, by deduction, and; by meditation, arrived at last at abstract and non-material thought. He considered the effectof revenge, for example, and its operation in tribil society, till he arrived at the idea ef just revenge, or, as we call it, of justice ; and finallv,-his horizon ever widening, at t'ue lofty conception that forgiveness might occasionally, or even frequently, be more to the general advantage, or, in other words, might be nobler, and therefore to be adopted. That theorv leaves a great deal unexplained — for instance, the original dicfimlty why one par ticular animal should have advanced so far while the remainder continued stationary — but still, it is in a way scientific, for it is supported by a great array of facts, and does, if accepted, explain a great many of the phenomena. Much of thought is certainiya resultof expe rience and observation, and much more may be ; and if we allow limitless time, and concede that man forgets very little — a concession, by the-way, wholly at variance with his known history — we may extend the result of teaching by experience untiL it covers nearly the whole field of human intelligence. It does not, how ever, cover quite the whole field. There is always one prodigious 'break,' as Lady Welby calls it ? namelv. the intrusion of the 'ghost idea,' using that term either to indicate the whole body of beliefs about the supernatural, or the special conceit that man will live again. How did that iancy creep into man's mind, and at last assume its dominance there ? Clearly he cannot have derived it from experience. He certainly did not live again hinis* If, even in the tertiary period, and it does not lie in the mouth of purely scientific men to affirm that he had auv evidence that an\bcdv else did. What evidence could he have ? Of course, if he actuallv saw or heard or smelt the shades of persons who had returned from another state of being, he had evidence upon which to 'construct his theory ; but there is no one in the full light of science pour ing on his mind who will admit for a moment the possibility of any occurrence of the kind. Is obody in scientific belief ever saw a ghost, or heard a ghost, or snielt a ghost ; and how then did the ghost idea come in V how, that is, did a belief opposed to continuous human expe rience generate itself in the human mind? Most illusions are the consequence of a mis understanding of phenomena ; but in. this instance there are no phenomena to mis understand, nothing whatever of any sort that could even remotely tend to induce reception of the fallacy. No animal lives a-rain, and no vegetable, except in its original form, and with its original quali ties. There was, in fact, a sudden break in the development of the human mind, a sudden step back, as Lady Welby says, from the process of induction from facts into a region of illusion, of mere fancies, of noneense in fact— a step all the more remarkable because it cannot have conduced towards survival. On the contrary, it must have tended to waste the mental powers of those who made the step, as well as their time, upon unreal phantasies, and ought to have given to the better and stronger minds which remained unaffected an immense advantage in the race. They were unburdened in their task of making this world more endurable to them selves. It was not so, however, for the men specially addicted to the ghost-idea, who ought bv all analogy to have perished as victims of a mental ([disease, triumphed all along the line., displayed special faculty for continuous pro gress, and are now more gifted than any other division of the human species. What is, or can be, on the strict hypothesis of evolution, the explanation of that '{ It may be said that primitive man was subject, like the modern man, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in one way correct. Man was pro bably very slow to separate the evidence of dream from the evidence of fact. The native of Guiana, Mr. Jim Thurn tells us, cannot do it now, and is so sure that his dream is part of his actual life, that if he dreams you have assailed him, he will, on waking, assail you with a violence which, to his victim, or intended vmKm ie miita iuexolicable. But then, how did the ghost idea get into the dreams? People dream odd things, but they do not dream absolutely new things— that is; things not only outside their experience, but outside the imagination developed from thinking about the collected results of experience either per sonal or inherited. Nobody ever dreamt of men who were not men, unless he had pre viously conceived of spirits or angels or devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fantasti cally, but not actually creating them out of nothing Otherwise man would have self generated thoughts or impressions when asleep, ana tne evoLutionuxy xi^^juiiicous «vjm.u. n-=^c*=- sariiy go to pieces. And even if a man did in a dream see a spook, and get the notion that it was himself or another appearing after death — a very wild supposition — why should that par ticular dream, unsupported by general expe rience, and, indeed, opposed to general expe rience, be the one dream which mastered the world ? It would not explain anything to primitive man, or help him in the conflict for existence, or. above all give him any comfort : for if we know anything about savages— and we know very little — it is that the ghost-idea is to a savage a source of unmitigated terror, leading him to monstrous devices to avert ghostly wrath. Why did he eingle out an un comfortable dream-born fantasy, to make of it an important motor in his career, a career of which all the rest consisted in utilising slowly accumulated knowledge of actual and recur rent facts? The occurrence of dreams will not explain the ' step back,' nor will the theory, once so popular, that religion was born of human fear. Whence the fear of what had never happened ? There was nothing visible or audible to cause such a fear, still less to cause so tremendous an effort of the imagination as the existence of life after death. Grant Pope's notion that the savage fears the thunder or the tempest till he recog nises in th«m some power above himself, and still there is no relation between that fear, which, moreover, ought to have weakened and not strengthened him, and the notion of a future state which he had never seen cr heard of. The lightning doss not suo- o-est the resurrection. The converse idea is better than that— namely, that the belief is a result of intense wishing, of a sovereign desire for a happier life ; but that also explains very little. Why aid that pavtieulnr -wish become so concrete as, in the teeth of all experience, to become a faith ? No other wish did, not even the savao-e's greatest wish of all, for more easily procurable food. We do not think much of the argument to which Laly Welby appears to at tach force, that no other animal has been victimised bv the ghost-illusicn, for we do not know in the least what animals think; and so far as we can see, man is the only animal who accumulates thought-experience, or, indeed, except iu the most limited degree, any experi ence at all. But, confining the argument to man, what made him accept a weakening illu sion, contradicted by every fact of which lie or his fathers had any cognisance ? He believed in a thing which he had never seen or heard of, and for which, through all the cycles during -a4-;»-- li«wns nop.utnulatine- from experience the materials of thought, he had no evidence what ever. Why? To us, and we suppose to all Christians who have thought uuon the subject, there appear to be only two reasonable answers to that ques tion. One, which in practice is, of course, quite futile, is that primitive man actually had evidence that he had'secn or heard at some time or other that which inspired conviction in his mind. He became as sure of another life as of the action of sunlight, and for the same reason, because he had watched its marifestatioTis. This which was the universal theory of the ancient world, and is still held by a good many theolo-nans, is, we quite admit, a purely con jectuJ al hypothesis. \v e Know ncue, except oy conjecture, of the experience of primitive man, nothing whatever of' his mind, and, above all, nothing whatever of his thoughts about things non-material. He may have had a great many, as some existing ssvages have ; or ho may have had none, ar eeems to be tbe case — and possibly only seems — with some of the very lowest tribes. He may have been closer to the in visible world thin we are, as the legends of all races affirm.; or he may have been, as the modern ??'^rna^s are supposed to be, much farther off. There can be no evidence on the subject, and, except as an intellectual exercise, it must alw»jF8»-heV»seless to discuss it. The other answeVfe;3KfE, whatever the truth about the evolution of Thought— and part of the theory is almost visibly true— some thoughts must be intuitional, must, that is, have been generated in man originally by some external -power.- :~ ^Nothing' is «eH -generated ; '' and yet they do notr spring from experience,'which,-in,- fact. so far as material «xpenence is concerned, denies and refutes them. The first of those -thoughts — it is not the only, one — is thatidea of the future state to which Lady Welby refers as the great ' break' in tbe evolution of mind, the conception which should have buidened its recipients in the great race, and so extinguished them, ijuf which, on ; the contrary, on evidence admitted by materialists, made 'them run the faster... .That thought certainly did not .come from experience; and if it did not, what becomes of evolution -. as a -theory explaining fully the existence of the present mind of msa? 