A FATAL PAST. . BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of ''Footprints in the'Snow," "The Brdken Seal," The Track of the Storm," "A Bitter Birthright'," &c.;, &c;, . ? {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTEB VIL-HELEN'S LOVER. As the Rev. Peter Prescott walked home across the, mist? hills, aftersending this evening fct Brackenford, he was thinlangsome what sadly, though very kindly and gently of souls,", he thought ? £It would never do to bring a stranger beside them. 3No, no, I must be-content .to remain what 1 have always been-a lonely mam". .. . * - ; The Kev. Peter sighed audibly as he came to . the - conclusion. Never before had -he been tempted to change his. during hiB - poverty no woman had looked at him," and since he had. beeh .rector of Mortonbury his sisters had hitherto safely guarded him from all matrimonial entangle mftat struggle against the feeling as best he could, he now constantly found Inmself thrnk ing of Caroline Sinclair. He had met her first at Brackenford, and since then he had not un freauently encountered her in his watts, ana somehow or other he. could, not 'help thinking that Miaa Sinclair liked him. That any woman should do so seemed, wonderful at=rfirst to Peter's simple and modest heart. But still the idea recurred to. him, and the idea had become very sweet to the poor rector. No woman had 'ever: flattered him before, nor ever sought, his society. "Ifew families lived in the neighbor hood of Mortonbury, and the few who didhad only young unmarriedtgirls to find husbands for, and young girls do not often think of men of the rector's age. / , ,' \- But suddenly across his sombre and con tented ways of life there had flashed a gleam of youth and brightness that threatenea to become highly dangerous to the rector s peaoe. A woman graceful, calculating, and attractive, had looked at the rectory house, and then at the rector, and had decided that she was well fitted to hold the position-of the_rectors wife. She had overshot her mark a little, as we have seen, and had not -gauged; the ggsses Prescott . aright when she tried- to flatter; ifcem. _But her words wer e balm and sweetness to the Key. Peter's earis. ... . . , " " But, bat, I must not think of her, he eaid to himself softly as he reached^ the rec tory house and opened the door with his latcn k6I* grim figure arrayed in a violet flannel dressing-gown met him in the hall.^ "Is that you, Peter?5 said Miss] Dorothy Prescott's voice,' for only her ; little red nose was to be seen peeping out.of the wraps and flannels in which ner head way enveloped. 1 thought yon were never coming. . " Why did you Bit up, my dear.r answered the kindly P-eter. . -- , - , , . " Was it likely I should go to bed when you were out f replied Dorothy, in an injured ^No, peter, I never neglect you, do l?" _ \- ««t am ctttr you do note" said reter in all think," continued M2BS Dorothy, ''considering the people Lady Ennismore con trives to get about her,"Peter, that you re better at home than at Brackenford. , " Contrives to get about her!" repeated the Bey: Peter." V.Why, my^ear, there is no one Btaving there but two young soldiers and Miss Helen Drummond." ? " . " A nrl that very forward person, the gover » raid Miaafjoiothy. waspishly, and the little red nose gave a vicious jerk out of her Btrange headgear. . "Mis3- Sinclair ?': said the rectov gently. " I do riot lihrnk that she is for ward, Dorothy., 'r "llattery does not go down my throaty as eMly as it 'does yours, - then, retorted Dorothy. -"Why, -Peter, a mole, could see through her! She's a vile, flattering hussy, on the look out for a husband, if .eyer there was one!" ,, .., . "Nay, nay, Dorothy, nay,"..said the. gentle rector,;4'donot speak thus of. <rae,o£ your own eex-of a -gentlewoman. She is poor, X suppose; but other ladies biave been poor before now.'? , : ." ' ."Thank you!" said Dorothy, with another vicious jerk. ." I may have been poor, I was poor, I am poor for the matter of that, but no rrmn living, nor" dead- either, can ^say of _me that I tried to flatter him into niakmg' .a. fopl with any of .them yet!" - The rector put up his brown and bony hand &ef;'®^SDorothy," he said, and then he bade his sister good night and went alsne. into his study, dnd having lit his pipe and mixed his mbdest: glass at grog sat .there quietly thinking. ~ , , . : . *--. Could Dorothy's rough, hard words have any truth in them? Dorothy was a shrewd woman, though not- gentle, -rior rpitaful, -the rector knew. But could lit* bo^-could it be? TTn^ this "fair woman sought .his society'and seemed to take pleasure in his words merely because he had a good income and. a-pleasant Lome? . "If so," thought the rector, pursuing his cogitations, " X pity her; for if she is not: true to herself and to her womanhood how poor and mean must all life's highest aims seein to her. But I cannot .-believe it^ Ah, poorDorothy, she fears, I suppose; that I' may bring a new i mistress to her home-but no»no-Martha and Dorothy have had'so litfcle sunshine; such hard i cold lives, that for no selfish: happiness of .my own will I ever interfere .with their narrow joys. . And as for feer-for Caroline-she is too fair not to have many wooers. . I am doing her io harm-only a little self-.denial and tiiep∈ will be rost." . v. , . So he made up his mind. This man, who would, turn aside not to tread on the worm upon his path, bore his own pain during the next few days with silent endurance. He grew a little greyer about the temples, and more lines &me; round the kind arid thoughtful eyes, but he showed; no other signs of his mental struggle. Yes, perhaps he was a htfcle kinder even than tisnal to the fcwo nardj ooldj GQltiaii sistera," for -whose sake he was practising his Belf-deniaL This, was his nature. . He always gave generously, and noil© loiew what he gave. > Miss Sinclair was not slow to perceive that a change had--come over the rector's manner. She saw that he rather avoided her than other and this knowledge annoyed Miss Sincbiir exceedingly. But Bhe also made no sign. £>he went as'regularly to church and sat ttiere demure and pensive-eyed while the Misses Pres cott watched her with bitter and contemptuous glances. she been the best woman in the world they would have felt precisely the same , to her. They wished to keep, their brother unmarried, and therefore regarded their whole Bex with mistrust. While the Rev. Peter's one love affair thus languished, another love affair at Braokeriford was progressing only too quickly. Again and again, in the early winter twilight, Francis Roche had met the sunny-faced Helen Drum xnond. They managed it all very quietly. Helen gat with Lady Ennismore in the mornings, drovQ with her in the afternoons, and was shy and even a little distant in her manner to Eoche during dinner and when they all met together afterwards in the drawing-room. Had Lady Ennismore been asked the ques tion if there were anything between these two young people after Eoohe had been a week at Brackenford she would have replied that their acquaintance was a very slight one. Yet, before the end of. this week, Roche had begun to think of his future income; begun to spepu late and wonder if he were justified in asking a woman to shaxe the somewhat precarious five hundred a year which had been promised to him at the "Lady's wardrobe," in Buoking Jham Palace-road. He naturally hesitated before doing this. The more he thought of this strange adven ture the more surprising it seemed to him, and Walter Curzon also often recurred to the aubjeot with mingled feelings of curiosity and envy. Eoche had still nearly three hundred pounds Of ^his money at his bankers wh.9ft hg went to Brackenford, and this small sum now seemed to the young man in the firsb flush of his love as something very respecbable to begin life upon! He was very glad at all events that he had saved it. Every day the frank, bright faoe of his Helen became dearer to him, and all his former expensive amusements and pleasures suddenly grew flat and wearisome to his imagi nation when compared with her sunny smiles. They were almost like two children, these young lovers. Over their hearts had cornea great sense of enjoyment, a_ golden haze which wrapped everything in misty bliss and un defined happiness. " How lovely Helen is growing," again and again thought Lady Ennismoie, glancing with vague uneasiness at the young girl's glad face, and then sometimes at Roche s dark one. But still she noticed nothing between them, until one evening Miss Sinclair came into the draw ing-room alone, and after a few words of com monplace conversation began to talk about Helen. . " I scarcely like tomention what I am about to say, Lady Ennismore," said the governess, standing in a graceful attitude before Lady Ennismore's tea table, "but froin a sense of duty-for Julia's sake-I must do it." Lady Ennismore looked quickly up, and her fine complexion changed color. "What is it? Nothing ha3.happened I hope?'she asked. "Oh, no, nothing has happened-only,-Lady Ennismore, you understand, as Miss Drum mond is not my pupil-1 scarcely like to inter fere. Still, from a sense of duty, as I said before, I will speak-for-I feel sure-at least I feel almost sure, that you are not aware that Miss Drummond walls daily, and for hours alone in the dusk, with, Mr. Roche?' Lady Ennismore's face grew suddenly crimson. " . .. "It is impossible!" she said. "WithMr. Roche ? Mr. Roche is with Lord Ennismore on the moors." " Mr. Roche nevertheless contrives to leaTe the moora every afternoon before four o'clock," replied Miss Sinclair with hei? subdued smile. "They indeed meet every afternoon in the grounds and wander about the walks together -they are together now." Lady Ennismore rose hastily and ?went to one of the t>ay windows which looked out upon the grounds. . " It is most imprudent, moBt foolish!" she said. "Thank you'for telling me, Miss Sin' clair-together now, did you say ?" "At least together a quarter of an hour since," said Miss Sinclair. "I was returning from Mortonbury, where I had been on a little errand of charity, and I came unexpectedly on a semi-sentimental soene urider the shadow of the fir trees. But do not be uneasy, dear Lady Ennismore, she is but a .child, and this young gentleman is probably only amusing himself still I thought it was better and kinder to tell you." ' " "Certainly," answered Lady Ennismore, with a sharpness and deoiBion of manner very unusual to her. "I will go and join them perhaps Miss Sinclair if Lord Ennismore and Mr. Gurzon come in before I return, you will give them some tea? And will .you kindly say, if Lord Ennismore enquires, that I shall be back almost immediately-and of course I need not ask you not to mention anything about these stupid young people?" "Of course I shall mention nothing," said Miss Sinclair, "and dear - Lady Ennismore -may I ask you a favor ?-but please do not be very angry with- Miss .Drummond, nor yet tell her that I told'you about these foolish w'alkB?" v ../ . . , . : ' " I am not angry with the child, only greatly annoyed;" answered Lady Ennismore; and she 'opened the bay -window before which she was standing as she spoke,andwent out on the terrace beyond. It was now quite dusk. Overhead a half moon was casting its fitful beams from amid the drifting clouds on the dark fir trees, which stood out sombre and gloomy in the uncertain 'light. The cold white rays, too, fell in weird and fantastic shadows on the walks, and on the trim and well-kept evergreens, _ some how as Lady JSnnismore hurried on in her way through the grounds, her thoughts went back to her dead brother-to Norman Maiden, who had been so strangely cut off in his early prime. . She remembered how he had partly planned this place; how he had planted some of these very holly trees on which the moon light was falling," and how* they had grown on and on, while MB memory had almost faded away. ~ . She gave" a quick, sharp sigh, as she thought this. The stillness and silence of the.place seemed almost to frighten her. The shadows ' of the past came near her, and involuntarily she glanced round and stood looking for a moment at the great dark hills behind, where amid the heather they, had found her young brother dead. In the meanwhile the "two whom she had gone out to seek were standing together hand ; m hand thinking only of the blissful ^present. ! They were lovers, but not yet declared lovers, and were in that state of sweet uncertainty,; of happy excitement, of strange new joy, which is;tne prelude to a bright future or to great and woful pain. , ." Do not go yet," Francis Roche was saying. ''Everything seems so dreary when you leave me." . *' . " A November evening is not proverbially bright, youlknow,"t replied Helen Drummond With some archness, and she would have drawn her hand away,-but the. young man held it fast. . :' "Helen," he said more earnestly,"do not really go yet. I want to speak to you-I want to tell you-well, it' seems so stupid to say it, yet it is the truth-that it is in your power now to make my future life happy-or indeed weariness enough I" ' .??' .? Before the "girl could reply to this disj omted sentence^ while she stood blushing and tremb ling a little, and with her eyes cast down, a footstep .was heard, approaching, and Roche suddenly released her hand. The next minute Lady Ennismore's tall figure appeared on the very path on which the young lovers were standing. She did not see them at once, for they were partly beneath the shadow of some fir trees, but the moonlight fell on her face,1 and both Roche and Helen re cognised her. " Here is Lady Ennismore," said Helen, with some embarrassment. . "Yes," answered Roehe, "so I see." And though he felt greatly annoyed, he was of course obliged to follow Helen, who moved for ward to meet Lady Ennismore. Lady Ennismore received them both very quietly. : . . " Helen, my child, is that you.,?" she said, as Helen somewhat deprecatingly and timidly laid her hands on {Lady Ennismore's. "It is too late for you . to be out, dear," she continued, " so run to the house as fast as you can, and ask Miss.Sinclair, who is in the drawing-room, to give "you some tea." \- Helen hesitated for a moment and looked at Roche. "Go at once, dear," said Lady Ennismore; '' and Mr. Roohe, will you stay and take a 'turn with me? I have a headache, audi think the air will do me good." , Helen left them as Lady Ennismore said these words, and then in her usual sweet and gentle manner Lady Ennismore addressed Roche. m "I have sent the. child away, Mr. Roche," she^aid, " because I want a-few words-a few confidential words with you." " Ilshall, be delighted to listen, of course," '' said Roche, though he certainly did not feel "1$. is about lielen-Helen Drummond," proceeded Lady EnnismoK5,-and she put her hand 'through Roche's arm. " "Let us walk | down- the path-yes, I wanji to talk to you aboutithe child-they tell vine you sometimes walk with her-and-well, Mr. Roche, I am about to ask you to do so no more." _ . " Why, Lady Ennismore 2" said Roohe, with some sharpness. "Because you are a good-looking young man," answered Lady Ennismore, with rather a forced smile, "and she iB a country girl, unused to the world, unaccustomed to receive attention, and it will only unsettle her to be with you-only'perhajis make her unhappy." "I would never willingly do that, I am sure," said Roche. " I am sure you would not, yet it might be so if you were constantly with her. Do not, therefore,'[see her any more, Mr. Roohe; Helen is a' nice girl, a dear nice girl, and I would guard her from any trouble if I could." "But, Lady Ennismore," answered Roohe after a momentary hesitation and with a slight break in his voice, " you do not surely imagine tW. I should bring any possible trouble to Miss Drummond if I could help it ? You must know, I am sure you must know, that in seek ing her I have only one meaning-that if I were happy enough to win her regard-" "Hush, hush, Mr. Roche!" interrupted Lady Ennismore with unmistakable agitation of manner, "do not speak thus. There can be nothing between you and Helen; nothing, nothing, trat the very idea out of your mind. "But why, Lady Ennismore?" again asked Roche. " Because," answered Lady Ennismore with a strange quiver in her voice, ''Helen is not in a position to think of you-to be anything to you. You must [promise me, Mr. Roche, pro mise me on your word of honor as'a gentleman, never to hint anything of this kind to Helen." Lady Ennismore said these last words eagerly, and bent forward so that she might see the expression on the young man's face, but with an annoyed air Roche turned away his head. " I will make no promises," he said. " But you must, urged Lady Ennismore. "Mr. Roche, listen to me!" and she clasped her hand .tightly on his arm. " It is for your good I am speaking," she continued, "foryour good and for Helen's good. She can be nothing to you- do you understand, nathing? If you have thought ^of anything, or.;.j?fe lhas thought of anything, she must go away-she must return to her relation, Miss Drummond."' " You surely would nob send her away, Lady: Ennismore?" "YesI would," answwd Itady Ennismore, " I will. Anything would be better than that you "Lady Ennismore,".' said Roche very ear nestly, " it is unkind of you to speak thus-to speak in riddles. Why-do answer me-why would it be such a dreadful thing if I were to ask Miss Drummond to be my wife !" ; . Lady Ennismore withdrew her arm hastily from Roche's, and with a sudden, almost a gasping sigh, put her hand over her face. " I entreat you to answer me," said Roche, looking at her in great surprise. "What is there about -me, what is there about Miss Drummond that renders our future marriage so impossible ?' Again Lady Ennismore gave a gasping sigh, and then moving her hand from her face she . looked at Roche with strange wistfulnes3.. "It is like fate," she murmured, as if she : were thinking rather than speaking; " like the hand of fate." "Will you answer my question?" urged Roche. "Why is it impossible?" Lady Ennismore tried to rouse herself at these words. She looked at Roche, she con sidered, and then she said slowly and pain fully "There is a shadow on Helen Drum mond's birth that renders such an idea abso lutely impossible. You must not think of her; she must not think of you. I cannot tell you any more, only I entreat you, I beg you to go away, to forget her, to see her no more." .' A shadow on her birth ?" repeated Roche, with both dismay and sorrow in nis tone. Lady Ennismore did not speak. She stood there pale, trembling, and so visibly agitated that Roche felt that he could not urge her to > tell him any more at that moment. . "The subject seems a distressing one to : you, Lady Ennismore," he said, after think-: nig for a few seconds. "Perhaps some other ; time " ; "Yes," said Lady Ennismore quickly, ; "some other time we will talk of it agam; but; let us go in now, for I feel cold, so very cold.5' And Lady Ennismore shivered. - " It is cold," answered Koche; and he . changed-the conversation, and together they ; proceeded to the house. i But just as they reached the bay window in | the drawing-room, by which Lady Ennismore j had left it, and which was still standing open, j Lady Ennismore laid her hand for a moment ' on Roche's arm. ; "Remember,",, she said emphatically, "what j I have told you," and the next minute she : passed on and entered by the bay window into ; the lighted drawing-room beyond. Roche followed her. Here they found Lord j Ennismore drinking tea and talking to Miss i Sinclair, Curzon, not drinking tea, talking to the pale fair Julia Bingham, and Helen Drum- ; mono, who looked flushed and agitated, stand- \ ing apart. " Iffy dear," said Lord Ennismore, looking j round as his wife went into the room, " have j you been taking a walk by moonlight ?" "Yes," answered Lady Ennismore, smiling; j but as she approached the fire she shivered ; again. " Why, Katie, you are as pale as a ghost!" j exclaimed Lord Ennismore, still looking at ; her; " Give me a cup of hot tea for her, Miss ? Sinclair." \ While Miss Sinclair was pouring out the ; tea, and Lady Ennismore was warming her i chilled hands by the fire, Rocho took the ; opportunity of half whispering a few words in , Helen's ear. "I want to say something to you, Helen," ; he said. "When can I do so?" ' Helen hesitated and her already flushed face, grew crimson. Then, before she could frame a" reply Lady Ennismore looked sharply round, ; and Roche observing this moved quietly from ? Helen's side. j 