%itzmtnu. THE WORLD, THE FLESH AND THE DEVIL. By MISS BRADDOJN, Authorot 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Cut by the County,' 'Taken at the Flood,' 'Weavers and Weft,' 'One Thing Need ful,' ' Mohawks,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XV1L— Lost, Lost ! One Moment Knelled the Woe of Yeabs. Gerard let three whole days go by without t» airing any attempt to see Hester. Lovelace himself :could hardly have been more diplo matic ? He was completely miserable in the interval, counted the hours, and wondered per petually whether the woman he loved was \- nunserins: for his presence as he hungered for hers. He spent the greater part of his tune with Jennyn ; driving to Richmond one day to dine at the Star and Garter, and sit late into the night watching the mists rising in the valley and the stars shining on the river, driv ing to Maidenhead on another day and loiter ing on the river till midnight, and sitting in a riverside garden smoking and talking half through the sultry summer night ; and in this long tete-a-tete he sounded the uttermost depths of Justin Jermyn's godlessness and cheerful egotism. ? 'The one thing that I am certain of in this Rhadamanthine universe,' said this easy-going philosopher, 'is that L Justin Jermyn, exist, and this being my one certainty I hold that my one duty— the duty I owe to myself— is to ba happy and to make the best of the brief span 'which I am to enjoy on this eartli. Reason tells me-that to be happy and to live long. I must abjure passion — reason tells me that serenity of mind means health and prolonged life; and to this end I have learned to. take life lightly, as a farce rather than a tragedy, and to give my affection neither toman nor woman — to be slave neither of friendship nor love. A eelfish philosophy, I grant you ; but self is my only certainty. 'An admirable philosophy, if it were as easy to practise as to preach. And have you never loved?' ' Never, in the fashion that you call love. - 1 have never been unhappy for a woman's sake.' 'And the domestic affections — father, mother, family?' ' I never knew them. I was flung as a waif upon the world, reared upon charity, the architect of my own fortune— such as it is. I am like Hester Summerson in ' Bleak House.' Mymotherwasmydisgraceandlwashers. lam -at least bo far a follower of St. Paul that I owe no man ^anything ; I s'nT-- the second part of the precept.' Gerard meditated upon Jermyn's character as he drove home towards daybreak, the man himsplf slumbering by his side. It was perhaps only natural that a man cut off from all family ties, cheated of mother's love and father's friendship, a stranger to every bond of blood relationship, should have grown up to man hood heartless and passionless, should have trained himself to the_ settled calm of a philo sophical egotism, attaining in the morning of life that immunity from all the pains and penalties of the affections which the average egotist only achieves in old age. Gerard looked at the sleeper wonderingly, almost with envy. The fair pale face was un marked by a line that told of anxious thought or deepjf eeling. The sleeper's lips were parted in a faint smile, as if even in sleeping he felt the sensuous pleasure of life on a fair summer morning— the perfume of flowers from a hun dred gardens, the soft breath of the wind creeping up from the west, warm with the glow of last night's sunset. The joy of living ! Yes, this man who loved no one enjoyed life in all its fulness ; and he, Gerard, with two millions to spend, and, it might be, less than two years to spend them in, was miserable— miserable because of the cowardly incertitude which made him unable to take the straight and - honorable road to happiness while the sinuous and evil way lay open to him. He went to Chelsea at dusk on the third evening after Hester bade him farewell outside the gate of the little garden. She came quickly to the door in. answer to his knock, and he was. startled at the change which three days had made in her. The first words she spoke told him that it*was not love of hi™ which had so altered her, but poignant anxiety about her father. . _ *' He has never been home since that night,' she said ignoring every other thought. 'I have been in search of him at every place that I could, think of as possible for him to have gone to, but I have not found any trace of him since Tuesday night— 4;he night you were here. He was at the Swan Tavern that night' sitting in the coffee-room drinking brandy and water till the house, closed. He was talking a good deal, and he was very excited in his manner when he left, but the people would not tell me if he had drunk much. They pretended not to know how much brandy had been served to him. I have been to the police-office, and the river has been dragged along by the embankment where he and I used always to walk. They were very good to me at the police-station, anc they promised to do. all they can to fine him, living or dead. But oh,' with a burst of uncontrollable weeping, 'I fear they will never find him alive. He could have had only a little money, and he must kave spent it all on brandy, and then when he was mad with drink — an, you don't know how drink maddens him — he may have- walked into the river, or thrown himself in, miserable and despairing. He was at the Swan at elevon o'clock, only a few minutes walk from the river, and I can find no one who saw him after that hour. I think he must have meant to come home — I don't think he would wilfully desert me — but some accident, some fit of madness ? ' She could not speak for sobbing. Gerard led her into the parlor, where the old man's empty chair reminded him of that last inter view and of his diabolical trap to catch a weak sinner's feet. Looked at in the lightof Hester's grief to-night and the awful possibilities she suggested his crime seemed murder. **I will go to Scotland Yard, Hester, I will \- set the cleverest detectives in London at work, and it shall go liard if they don't find your : father. My dearest^ don't give way to these morbid imaginings.- Be sure he is safe some where — only hiding:, because he feels _ that \- lie has broken down and disgraced himself in your eyes. He has been afraid to come | home, knowing how grieved you would be at his backsliding. Be comforted, dear lore.' EQs arms were round her, and he drew the pale pinched face to his own, and again their lips met, but this time Hester's kiss was the kiss of despair. She clung to her lover in her grief and fear. She forget the peril of consolation from that poisonous source. What comfort could he give her about her father, except the assurance that all that wealth could do to find him should be done, and that once being found every possible means should be taken to ensure his safety and wel fare :in the future. He told her that there were doctors who had made such cases as her father's their chief study, homes where her father could be surrounded with every luxury, and yet secured from the possibility* of indul gence in his fatal vice. He showed her how happy and free from care her f uture might be if she would only trust her own fate and her father's to him — and then came words of love, burning words that have been spoken again and again upon this earth with good or evil import— words that nis-y be true when the lips speak them, yet false within the year in which they are spoken — words that promise an eternity of love, and may be uttered in all good faith and yet prove lighter than the thistle down wafted across summer pastures. 1 Three days ago she had been strong to resist the tempter — strong in womanly pride and maiden modesty. To-night she was broken down by grief, worn and fevered by sleepless nights, despairing, and almost reckless. To night she -listened to those vows of love. What had she on this earth but his love if the father to whom she had devoted her youth was indeed Iving at the bottom of the river, her purpose in life gone for ever ? Who could be more lonely and friendless than she was to- night? So she listened to his pleading, heard him while he urged her to consider how poor a thing that legal tie was wliich he entreated her to forego; how often, how continually cancelled by the disgraceful revelations of the divorce court. 'Time was when marriage meant till death,' he said, 'but that is a long exploded fashion. Marriage nowadays means the con venience of a settlement wliich will enable a man either to found a family or to cheat his creditors. Marriage means till husband and wife are tired of each other, and till the lady has grown hard enough to face the divorce court.' And then he reminded her how the most romantic passions, the loves that had become history were not those alliances upon which parish priest and family lawyer had smiled. He reminded her of Abelard and Heloise, of . Henri's passion for Gabrielle, and Nelson's deuthless love for Emm Hamilton. He urged that society itself had pardoned these fail offenders for love's sweet sake. Her intellect was too clear to be deceived by such shallow reasoning. On the very brink of the abyss she recoiled. Loving him with all her heart, knowing that life without him meant a colorless and hopeless existence — a hand to hand struggle with ad versity, knowing by too bitter experience that to be well bom and poor meant lifelong humili ation, she yet' had the strength to i^esist his pleading. 'Your wife or nothing,' she said, 'I never meant to hear your voice again after that night. ? I prayed to God that we might never meet again. And now for my father's sake I humiliate myself so far as to ask your help. If you will bring him back to me I will thank and bless you — and will try to forget your degrad ing propositions.' ' Degrading, Hester !': he cried reproachfully, trying to take her hand again, the hand that had lain softly in his a few moments ago. 'Yes, degrading! What could you say to any wretched lost woman iii London worse than you have said to me ? You talk to me of love — and you offer jne shame for my portion.' ' Hester, that is a woman's narrow way of looking at life. As if the priest and the ring made any difference.' ' If you cared for me you would make me your wife.' 'I am not free to marry, Hester. I am bound by a tie which I cannot break yet awhile. The tie may be loosened in years to come, and then you shall be my wife. We will have the priest and the ring the whole legal and ecclesiastical formula — although that for mula will not make me one whit more your slave than I am this night.' 'I don't want a slave,' she said resolutely; ' I want a husband whom I can love and honor. And now I am going back to the police station to ask if there is any news.' ' Let me go with you.' ' I had rather you went to Scotland Yard, as you promised.' ' I will go to Scotland Yard. I will do any thing to prove my love and loyalty.' ' Loyalty ! Oh, Mr. Hilleradon, do not play with words. I am an ignorant, iuex perineed girl, but I know what truth and ' loyalty meau — and that you have violated both to me.' They left the house together in opposite directions. Gerard walked towards Oakley street, hailed the first cab he met, wliich took him to Scotland Yard, where he saw the officials and gave a careful description of the missing Nicholas Davenport, age, personal characteristics, manners, and habits. When asked if the missing man had any money about him at the time of his disappearance he pro fessed ignorance, but added that it was likely he bad money. It was late in the evening when he left Scotland Yard, and he went into the park and roamed about for some time in a, purposeless manner, his brain fevered, his nerves horribly shaken. This horror of Nicholas Davenport's fate absorbed his mind at one moment, and in the next he was think ing of Hester aud his rejected love, troubled, irresolute, full of pity for the woman he loved, full of tenderest compassion for scruples which seemed to lijin futile and foolish in the world as he knew it, where illicit liaisons were open secrets, and where no man or woman re fused praise and honor to sin in high places. He pitied the simplicity which clung to virtue for its own sake, a strange spectacle in that great guilty city, a penniless girl sacrificing love and gladness for the sake of honor. He went from the park to the Small Hours, a club where he knew he was likely to find Jermyn, who rarely went to bed before the summer dawn. 'It is bad enough to be obliged to go to bed by candle light from October to March,' said Jermyn, who declared that any man who took more than three or four hours' sleep in the twenty-four shamefully wasted his existence. . - 'We are men, not dormice,' he said, 'and we are sent into this world to live— not to sleep.' ' Gerard found Jermyn the life of a choice little supper party, where the manners of the ladies, although they were not strictly 'in society,' were irreproachable, so irreproachable, indeed, that the party would have been dull but for Justin Jermyn. His ringing laugh and easy vivacity sustained the gaiety of the party and made the champagne more exliilirating than the champagne of these latter days is wont to be. ' A capital wine, ain't it T he asked, gaily. ' It's a new brand, 'Fin de Siecle,' the only wine I care for.' Gerard drank deep of the new wine, would have drank it had it been vitriol, in the hope of drowning Nicholas Davenport's ghost ; and when the little banquet was over and youth and folly were dancing to a waltz by Strauss in an adjoining room he linked his arm through Jermyn's and led him out of the club and into the stillness and solitude of St. James's Park. Here he told his Mentor all that' had happened, denounced himself as a traitor and perhaps a murderer. 'It was your scheme,' he said, 'you suggested the snare and you have made me the wretch I am.' Jermyn's frank laughter had a sound of mockery as he greeted this accusation. ' That is always the way,' he said, ' a man asks for advice and turns upon his counsellor. You wanted to get that foolish officious old father out of the way. I suggested a manner of doing it, and now you call me devil and yourself murderer.' And then with airiest banter he laughed away lierards lingering scruples, scoffed at man's honor and at woman's virtue, aud Gerard, who had long ago abandoned all old creeds for a dreary agnosticism, heard and assented to that mocking semion, whose text was self and whose argument was selfindul gence. ' I shudder when I think of the myraids of fanatics who have sacrificed happiness here for the sake of an imaginary paradise — wretches who have, starved body and soul upon earth to feast and rejoice in the New Jerusalem,' said Jermyn, finally, as they parted at Buckmgham gate m the first faint flush of dawn. Less than half an hour afterwards Gerard was in the Rosamond-road, and at the little iron gate that opened into the scrap of garden, where a cluster of sunflower rose superior to the dust, pale in the steel-blue light of dawn. The lamp was still burning in the parlor, ond he saw Hester's^hadow upon the blind. She was sitting with her elbows on the table, her face buried in her hands, and he knew that she must be weeping or praying. She had let her lamp bum on unconscious of the growing daylight. The window was open at the top, but the lower half was shut. He tapped on the pane, aud the shadow of a woman's form rose up suddenly, and broadened over the blind. 'Hester, Hester,' he called. He raised the sash, as she drew up the blind, and they_ stood face to face, both pale, breathless aud agitated. 'You have heard of him, you liave seen him,' she cried excitedly. ' Is it good news ?' 'Yes, Hester, yes,' he answered, and sprang into the room. CsArTEE XVIII.— 'And I was Hubs to Live or to Die.'' Between Reading aud Oxford there is a river side vil'age, of which the fashionable world has yet taken scant notice. It lies l-eyoud the scene of the great river carnival's, and the houseboat is even yet a strange apparition beside those willowy* shores. There is a:i old church v/ith its .square tower and picturesque I graveyard placed at a bend of th.e river, where' the stream broadens into a shallow bay. The I i church, a straggling row of old-world cottages, with overhanging thatch and low walls, half j hidden under roses, honeysuckle, and Virginia '. creeper, cottages whose gardens are gorgeous ; in the vivid coloring of old-fashioned flowers ; a general shop, which is also the post-office ; ; and a rustic butcher's, with verandah and - garden, constitute the village. The rectory 1 nestles close beside the church, and the rectory 1 garden runs over into the churchyard, long i trails of banksia roses straggling across the low stone wall which divides the garden of the ! living from the garden of the dead. The : churchyard is one of the prettiest in England, for the old rector lias cared for it and loved it ( during his five-and-thirty years' incumbency, i and nowhere are the roses lovelier or the i veronicas finer than at that quiet resting-place i by the river. - The land round about belongs to a man of ? old faruily, ?who is rich enough to keep his i estate unspoiled by the speculating builder, i aud -who would as soon think of cutting off his right hand as of cutting up the meadows he scampered over on his sheltie sixty years ago, i into eligible building plots, or of breaking : tlu-ough the tall tangled hedges of hawthorn i and honeysuckle to make new roads for the ' erection of semi-detached villas. In a word Lowcouibe is still the country pure and simple, undented by one touch of the vulgar suburban or the shoddy Queen Anne styles which mark the architecture of this closing century. On the brink of the Thames, and . about fifteen minutes' walk from Lowcombe Church, there is an old-fashioned cottage, humble as to size and elevation, but set in so exquisite a garden that the owner of a palace might envy its possessor a retreat so fair in its rustic seclusion. Here, in the middle of August, when the second crop of roses were in their fullest beauty, a young couple whose antecedents and belongings were unknown to the inhabitants of Lowcombe had set up their modest menage of a man and two maids, a gardener, a dingey, and a skiff. The village folks troubled themselves very little about these young people, who paid their bills weekly; but the few gentili ties in the parish of Lowcombe were much exercised in mind about a couple who brought no letters of introduction, and who might, or might not, be an acquisition to the neighborhood. The fact that Mr. Hanley was alleged to have bought the house he lived in and forty acres of meadow land attached thereto, gave bun a certain status in the parish, and made the question as to whether Sli-. and Mrs. Hanley should or should not be called upon a far more serious problem than it would have been in the case of an annual tenant, or even a leaseholder. 'Nobody seems to have heard of these Han ley's,'' said Miss Malcolm, a Scottish spinster, who prided herself upon race and respect ability, to Mrs. Donovan, an Irish widow, who was swollen with the importance that goes with income rather than with blue blood. ' If the man was of good family surely some of us must have heard of liim before now. Lady Isabel, who goes to London every season, thinks it very curious that she should never have met this Mr. Hanley in society.' ' Old Banks was asking an extortionate price for the Rosary and the land about it,' said Mrs. Donovan, 'so the man must have money.' ' Made in trade, I daresay,' speculated Miss Malcolm, whereat the widow, whose husband had made his fortune as a manufacturer and exporter of Irish brogues, reddened angrily. It was painful to remember in the aristocratic dolce far niente of her declining years that the name of Donovan was stamped upon millions of boots in the old world and the new, and that the famous name was still being stamped by the present proprietor. Finally, after a good deal of argument, it was decided at a tea- party which included the elite of the parish, with the exception of the rector, that until Mr. Muschatt, of Muschatt's Court, had called upon the new people at the Rosary no one else should call. Whatever was good in the eyes of Muschatt, whose pedi gree could be traced without a break to the reign of Edward the Confessor, must be good for the rest of the parish. And while the village Agora debated their social fate, what of this young couple ? Were they languishing for the coming of the after noon callers, pining for the sight of strange faces and unfamiliar names upon a cluster of visiting cards ? Were they nervously awaiting the village verdict as to whether they were or were not to be visited? Not they. Perhaps they hardly knew that there was any world outside that garden by the river, and that un dulating stretch of pasture where the fine old timber gave to meadow land almost the beauty and dignity of a park. Here they could wander for hours meeting no one, hearing no voices but their own, isolated by the intensity of an affection that took no heed of yesteaday or to-morrow. 'I never knew what happiness meant till I loved you, Hester,' said the young man whom Lowcombe talked off as 'This Mr. Hanley.' ' And I am hapxiy because you are happy,' -Hester answered softly, 'and you will not talk any more about having only a year or two to live, will you, Gerard?' That was all nonsense — only said to frighten me — wasn't it?' He could not tell her that it was sober, serious truth, and that he bad in nowise darkened the doctor's dark verdict. Those imploring eyes looking up at him entreated him to utter words of hope and comfort. ' I believe doctors are often mistaken in a ease, because they underrate the influence of the mind upon the body,' he said. ' I was so miserable when I went to Dr. South that I can hardly wonder he thought me marked for death.' ' And you are happy, now, Gerard— really, really happy ; not for a day only?' she asked, pleadingly. 'Not for a day, but for ever, so long as I have you, sweet wife.' He called her by that sacred name often in their talk, never guessing how at every repeti tion of that name to which she had no right her heart thrilled with a strange sudden pain. She troubled liim with no lamentings over the sacrifice he had exacted from her. She had never reproached him with the treachery that had made her his. Generous, devoted, and self -forgetful, she gave him- her heart as she would have given hnn her life, and her tears and her remorse were scrupulously hidden from hnn. To make hnn happy was now the sole desire and purpose of her life. Of her father's fate she was still uncertain, but she was not without hope that he lived. A detec tive had traced a man whose description tallied with that of Nicholas Davenport to Liverpool, where he had embarked on a steamer bound for Melbourne within two days of Davenport's disappearance from Chelsea. The passage had been taken in the name of Danvers, and the passenger had described himself as a clergyman of the Church of England. Hester was the more inclined to believe that the man so de scribed might be her father as he had often talked of going back to Australia and trying his luck again in that wider world. It was not because he had failed once that he must needs fail again. ' But how could he have got the money for his passage?' asked Hester. 'He had ex hausted all his old friends. It seems impos sible that he could have had money enough to pay for the voyage to Melbourne.' And then on nis knees at her feet in the August moonlight, with tears and kisses and protestations of remorse, Gerard Hillersdon confessed his sin. 'It was base, vile, iniquitous beyond all common iniquity,' he said. ' You can never think worse of me for that act than I think of myself. But your father stood between us. I would have committed murder to win you '.' 'It might have been murder,' she said dejectedly. ' I have told you my crime, and you hate me for it. ? I was a fool to tell you.' ' Hate you ! No, Gerard, no ; I can never hate you. I should go on loving »you if you. were the greatest sinner upon this earth. Do you think I should be here if I could help loving you?' . . . His head sank forward upon her knees, and he sobbed out his passion of remorse and self abasement, and received absolution. He tried to persuade her that all would be well, that her father's health might be benefited by a long sea voyage, and that he might not fall back into the old evil ways. He might not ! That was the utmost that could be said ; a faint hope at best. Yet this faint hope com forted her; and in that summer dream of happiness, in the long days on the river, the long tete-a-tete with a companion who was never weary of pouring out his thoughts, his feelings, his unbeliefs to that never-wearying listener, all sense of trouble vanished out of her niind. She only knew that she was be loved, and that to be thus beloved was to be happy. Her burden of tears would liave to be borne, perhaps, some day far away in the dim future, when he should weary of her and she should see his love waning. There must be a penalty for such a sin as hers; but the time of penance was still afar off, and she might die before the fatal hour of disillusion. She thrust aside all thought of dark days to come, and devoted hersejf to the duty of the present — the duty of makmg her lover happy. All his sins against her were forgiven, and she was hi without one thought of self. They had begun their new life almost as casually as the babes in the wood, and after wandering about for a few. days in the lovely Thames Valley, stopping at quiet outofthe way villages, they had come to Lowcombe, the least sophisticated of all the spots they had seen. Here they had found the Rosary, a thatched cottage set in a delicious garden with lawn and shrubberies sloping to the river. Successive tenants had added to the original building, and there were two or three fairly good rooms under the steep gabled roof, one a drawing room open to the- rafters and with three windows opening into a thatched veran dah. The Rosary had long l-een for sale, not because people had not admired it, but because the owner, an Oxford tradesman, had aaked an extravagant price for his property. Gerard gave him his price without question, having seen that Hester was enamored of tha riverside garden, and in three days the cottaga was furnished, paint cleaned, walls repapered, i and everything swept and garnished, and Hester installed as mistress of the house, with % man and two maids, eng&sred; at Reading. The furniture was of the simplest, such Furniture as a young clergyman might have chosen for his first vicarage. Hester had en treated that there might be nothing costly in her surroundings, no splendor or luxury which 3hould remind her of her lover's wealth. ' I want to forget that you are a rich man/' she said. ' If you made the house splendid I should feel as if you liad bought me.' Seeing her painfully earnest upon this point, Gerard' obeyed her to the letter. Except for the elegance of art muslins and Indian draperies, and for the profusion of choice flowers in rooms and landing and staircase, except for the valuable books scattered on the Lables and piled in the window seats, the cottage might have been the home of modest rarupetence rather than of boundless wealth. Hester's touch lent an additional grace even to things that were hi themselves beautiful. She had the home genius wluch is one of the rarest and choicest of feminine gifts— the genius wliich pervades every circumstance of borne life, from the adornment of a dra wing, room to the arrangement of a dinner-table. Before he had lived at Lowcombe for a week Gerard had come to see Hester's touch upon everything. He had never before seen flowers so boldly and picturesquely grouped, nor in all the country houses he had visited and admired had lie ever seen anything so pretty as the cottage vestibule, the deep embrasure of the long latticed window filled with roses, and hi each angle of the room a tall glass vase of lilies reaching up to the low timbered ceiling. No hand but Hester's was allowed to touch the books which he ..had brought to this retreat — a costly selection from his library at Hillersdon House. He had seen to the packing of the two large cases that conveyed these books, but he had so arranged their conveyance that none of his servants should know where they went after the railway van had carried them away. No one was to know of this secret nest by the river— not even Justin Jermyn, his confidant and alter ego. He wanted this new life of his — this union of two souls that were as one— to remain for ever a thing apart from his everyday existence ; he wanted this home to be a secret haven where he might creep to die when his hour should come; and it seemed to him that death, the dreaded, inevitable end, would lose its worst terrors here, hi Hester's arms, with her sweet voice to soothe the laborious passage to the dark unknown. And if death would be less awful here than elsewhere, how sweet was life in this rural hermitage. How blissful the long summer days upon the river with this gentle, pensive girl, who seemed so utterly in sympathy with him ; who, after one week of union thought as he thought, believed as he believed ; had sur rendered life, mind, heart, and being to the man she loved, merging her intellectual identity into his until nothing was left of the creed learnt in childhood and faithfully followed through girlhood except a tender memory of something which had been dear and sacred, and which for her had ceased to be. For her Christ was no longer the Saviour and Redeemer she had worshipped. He was only the 'Man of Nazareth'— a beautiful and admirable character, standing out from the tumultuous background of the world's history, radiant with the calni, clear light of perfect goodness, the gifted originator of life's simplest and purest ethics, a teacher whose wise counsels had been darkened and warped by long centuries of superstition, and who was puly now emerging from the spectre-haunted ?midnight of ignorance into the clear light of reason. Gerard belonged to the schdfel of sentimental agnostics. He was willing to speak well of Christ and of His prophets, was full of admira tion for the grand personality of Elijah, and thought the Book of Job the loftiest expression of human imaginings. He loved to dwell upon the picturesque hi the Bible, and Hester learnt from his conversation how familiar an infidel may be with Holy Writ. When she told him how great a consolation faith had been to her in the darkest days of her poverty, he smiled at her sweet simplicity, and said how he too had been a believer till he began to think. And so, with many tears, as if she had been parting with some cherished human friend, she let the Divine Image of the Man-God go, and accepted the idea of the God-like Man, a being to be named in the same breath with Socrates and Plato, with Shakspeareand Milton— only a little higher than the highest modern intellect. Only a week, and a creed was destroyed, but in that week what a flood of talk about all things in heaven and on earth, what theories, and dreams, and philosophies sounded '. and explored. Tojhis woman, whom he loved more fondly than he had ever dreamed of- lov ing, Gerard gave the intellectual experience of his manhood, from the hour he began to ponder upon the problem of man's existence to his latest opinion upon the last book he had read. Had she not loved him her own simple faith, the outcome of feeling unsustained by reason, might have been strong enough to stand fast against his arguments ; but love took the part of the assailant, and the result was a foregone conclusion. Had he been a religious enthusiast, a fervid Papist, believing in family relies, and miracle-working statues, she would have believed as he taught ;- her to believe. Her faith, fortified by her love, would have removed mountains. With her, to love meant total self-abnegation. Eveu the sharp stings of remorse were deadened in the happiness of knowing that her lover was happy ; and as she gradually grew to accept his idea of a universe governed only by the laws of human reason, she came to think that whether Chur-ch'and State had assisted at her marriage was indeed, as Gerard urged, of in finitesimal significance. And thinkiug thus, there was but one cloud on her horizon. Her only fear or anxiety was for her father's wel fare — and even of him she tried to think as little as possible, knowing that she could do nothing for him except await the result of his misconduct. She had given him all the fairest years of her girlhood, and he had accepted her sacrifice, and at the first opportunity had chosen his darling vice in preference to his daughter. She had a new master now, a master at whose feet she laid all the treasures of her life, for whom no sacrifice could ever be too much. Time is measured by feeling. There are days in every life which mean epochs. One eventful week may stand for more in the sum of exis tence than half a dozen placid monotonous years. It seemed to Hester, while September was yet young, that her union with Gerard Hillersdon had lasted for half a lifetime. She could scarcely think 'of herself except as his wife; all the past years seemed dark and shadowy, like a dioramic picture that melts gradually into something strange and new. The name of wife no longer wounded her ear. The new philosophy taught her that she was no less a wife because she had no legal claim to the title. The new philosophy had taught her that she had a right to do what she liked with her life so long as she did not wrong her neighbor. One clause in that Church Catechism her childish lips had repeated so often was blotted out for ever. Duly to God was done with, since there was no God. All moral obligations were com prised in duty to man — a reasonable regard for the happiness of the largest number. That renunciation of the creed of hope was not accomplished without moments of mental agony, even in the midst of that dream of love which filled all the world with one adored presence. There were moments when the young heart would have gone up to the old heaven hi prayer — prayer for the endurance of this deep felicity — prayer for the creature she loved so well. But the new heaven was a blank — an infinite system of worlds and dis tances, measureless, illimitable — but there was no one therer^-np one^-no 4iiiiid, no heart,- no love, no' pity; only 'systems and inoyenieat,* perpetual movement, which included 'light, heat, evolution, Everything — a mighty and com plex universe* ojf which her lover and ?herself'; were but uiiconsidefed-:;-atoms, of -'Whom 'SSo' ; higher Existence had ever' taken heedy-skifee' they tw9,''pcbr|sp^rt;bF'Life'and3!une, s**ey the crowning' glory of ie volution^ ' The progress' of the species might achieve something loftier in infinite ages to come ; ' but so far they two, Gerard and herself, were the highest outcome of immeasurable ages. For conduct, for happiness, for protection from the dangers that surrounded them, they had to look to ' themselves and to none other. Had she been less absorbed by her affection for the creature Hester would have more acutely suffered by this darkening over of the world beyond, which had once been her con solation and her hope ; but in Gerard's com panionship there was no need of worlds beyond. J' (To he continued.) 