STAGE, SONG, AND SHOW. Edison's wondorful phonograph Is again being exhibited in Sydney after a most suc cessful tour through tho country districts. This time it is on exhibition ut 302 George- street, where visiters may hear the machine .1 r. . r_» I I v|)l UUUCC 111 IvrCBIflllg HpCvvDhflt i UwllllLlU IllIU instrumental music until further notice. Another entertainment was given by tho Bairnsfather Family in the Temperance. Hall last night,. Scotch national songs wore introduced, atul Master and Miss Bairnsfather danced reels and hornpipes to violin music by Mr. Nunn. All tho tlioatrcs wore crowded by holiday audiences. As was to bo expected, tho pantomimes wore the great attraction of pleasure- seekers, nnd both tho Theatre Royal and Her Majesty's wero crowded. At both houses tho performances went with out a hitch, and the spectators, especially the children, wore highly delighted' with the evening's entertainment. At tho Critorion "Impulse" drew a large and appreciative audience. Tho performance, particularly the Captain Crichton of Mr. Titheradgo, is one of very high merit, and should continue for some tinio to hold the boards. At tho Garrick "Moths " was repeated before a full houso, and the sterling perform ance drew repeated plaudits from the well- pleased audience. At the Royal Standard tho Sydney v;uitviv wttu itutijr outibV aiui tit t dilation of tho pretty opera " Les Cloches des Coruevillo." Even the ghost of a politician's conscience would have found a difficulty in squeezing into tho Alhambrn last night, but that did not trouble those who wero there, for they thoroughly enjoyed tho excellent per formance, which concluded- with the screaming burlesquo of "Aladdin, tho Wonderful Scamp." _ Tho Cyolprama was tho oontro of admira tion to thousands yesterday, and at night the attractiveness of the great battle scene was. added to by the performance of an excellent hand and a well- rendered selection of vocal and instrumental music. There is shortly to bo produced at the Garrick Theatre otto of the strongest . plays which have becu produced by English playwrights at the present date. Wo refer 'to Henry Arthur Jones' play "The Middle man," which upon the night of August 27, 1889, was voted by a Shaftesbury Theatre audience and the critics as a success sound and indisputable. Without dipping into the detail of tho story, it may be said that; the argument involves an important trade question, which, following tho first produc tion of the picco at tho Shaftesbury, gave rise to an animated discus sion both through the press and other wise. It will be understood, then, that about "The-Middleman" there .is a serious purpose, which tho author develops through tho medium of an iutcnsely interesting story told in fine language, and marked by several strong dramatic situations. Those ore only hints , at what may be expected of the play, which we, judging by all that has been written by the most competent judges who have seen it, take to he work of rare strongth and quality. It was recently done with immediate success in New York, and it has also been adapted for use on the German, Dutch, and Swedish stages. The east at the Garrick will be:— Cyrus Bleukarn, the potter, Mr. Charles . Cartwright ; Mary (his daughter), Miss Olga Nethcrsole ; Nancy (his daughter),' Miss Nellie Lyons ; Joe Chaudler (the Middleman), Mr. Edward Sass; Jesse Pcgg, Mr. Hans Phillips ; Batty Todd, Mr. W. If. Leake ; Maude Chandler, VI iss Alice Deorwyn ; and Sir Seatou Um- fraville, Mr. Harold Russell (first time in Sydney). Certain other parts arc not yet definitely placed. A very large audience assembled in the Centennial Hall lust night, when tho fare well concert was given by the company which appeared throughout the lust Putey series in this city. The great English con tralto was again, of course, the bright particular star of tho evening, and it limy bo that tho conviction was tho outcome of our eagerness to make tho "most of a pleasure that was so soon to depart, hut wo fancy Madame Patey excelled herself last night. Indeed, we never heard her to better advan tage, and nover during her stay in this city have her efforts had such a rousing effect upon the house. The enthusiasm upon each appearance of tho favorite was re markable, and upon the conclusion of each number hand clapping in hundreds of instances gave place to shouts und cheers, until the deafening clamor was increased by the l-e-appearunco of the singer, . and then hushed into breathless silence by tho opening notes of tho sym phony. Madame . Patey was down to sing three numbers, but she was allowed to escape with six, although tho risk of an increase even on thut figure was at times imminent. By request Madame Patey sang "Alas those chimes, "and whoever suggested the number is to be thunked for having in stigated a most delightful treat. The solemn sweetness of Lazarillo's song had nover impressed us with its fullest beauty until last night, and the sonorous grandeur with which the closing " to tho mansions of the blest " was taken in the lower register pro duced an effect on the house that will" not readily be forgotten by those who were present. In response Mad- amo Putey sting Tosti's beautiful "Vene tian song " exquisitely. Her other numbers wero " Kathleen Mavotirneen," for which, of course, the inevitable encore was demanded. The singer happily chose "Allan Water," of tho tender sweetness of which wo never weary. Following a stirring treatment of " Scots wha hue," Madame Piitav on nr. with nil her wnnrlerflll ev. pression, "Tho Laird o' Coi-kpon." Mr. Craven lucked fire and forco in his singing of "The death of Nelson," but "The dear little Shamrock " was more successful. Ho was " called " in each case. Miss Rossow sang M'Farren's tuneful "The heating of my own heart" in pure, fresh toues, but the rendering was somewhat ex pressionless and tame. Linley's "ICato O'Shaue " sho afterwards sang sweetly. Mr. J. G. Patoy's contributions were "In happy moments" and "Off" to Phila delphia," ineachof which he, though Buffering from a cold, was quite successful. For tho latter number a hearty recall was accorded. Mr. Lemmone contributed a couple of flute solos, tho first . a fantasia on English melodies and tho other a "Rustic dunce" (Roe). In each instance tho performer played in his very best stylo, and completely sustained tho very fine reputa tion ho enjoys of bciug one of the first flautists of tho day. Mr. G. Rivers Alipress very kindly remained to play a violin solo of Scotch airs, for which ho was warmly applauded. When, however, it came to his turn to play Vicuxtcmp's " St. Patrick's Day " ho failed to put in an appearance, and Mr. Patey had to explain tlmt upon tho conclusion of his first number Mr. Alipress leit tbo building, and had not returned to fill his engagement in the second part of tho programme. The concert then proceeded without him. It was fcurcd that Mr. Alipress hud gone out into tho street and met with some accident, or had boon kidnapped, or that somotliing equally serious had happened. It was never thought for a moment that an artist of his standing would gratuitously offer an affront to the houso una to the great artistes with whom ho was associated by deliberately failing to keep an engagement on the pro- gramme. And wo cuu hardly think that Buch was the easo. To open the concert Miss Rossow and Mr. Patey sang Mozart's " Orttdel Perclto," and to close it Miss Rossow and Messrs. Craven and Putey sang "This magic-wove scarf" tastefully. The accompanists wero Messrs. C. Huener- bcin and H. Morris. for China and Japan for a tour of some weeks. Concerts will bo given in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Yokohama, and perhaps Peliin. Then Madame Patey will return to Australia for a series of oratorio and con cert. . With weather so wonderfully, conducive to holiday -making it was not" surprising , to find tlio grounds of such a popular marine retreat as Bondi thronged all day yesterday. We are told that some 9000 or 10,000 per sons had passed through the turnsiiles up to 6 p.m. However, it would not ltuvo mattered had there been double that number present, for the amusements on tap wero most numerous. Throughout the day soino act or other was going on, and the largo' number of visitors seemed highly pleased with everything that had been done for tbeir entertainment. Coogeo Aquarium," liko its rival place of amusement, Bondi, ' appropriated a very largo share of public ipatconago yesterday, the place being simply.crowdcd all day long. The attractions included Professor Beckford and his Marionettes, Mons. Leourdo, the snake charmer,- Jenny, tho monkey .-ero- naut ; Professors Seqny and Parker, swords men; and Miss Annie Shields, the lady with the iron jaw. Visitors to Coogeo were also entertained in the evening. 