TORCH JEM A1 > A AND THE IN QUISITION. V . IHKI.11BAV1A.) The judgments of the Inquisition wore always given in a largo place, capable of containing n groat number of people, 3,000 or -1,00(5, In tho amphitheatre of which wero arranged seals of different heights or dogreos, some for tho accused, others for tho trilmual of the Inquisition anti counsellors of tho kingdom, and towering above all tho others that of the Grand Inquisitor. In tho space between was placed a chair for tho proaohor, with an altar by its side and a stool for tho criminal who was to hear his sentence. Tho ceremony goueralty took place on a Sunday—on a good day good work, thought these terriblo men—commenc ing at 0 o'clock in the mormnar, and going on until i» in tho evening. They took tho prisoners from their dungeons, giving each one ft tittle vest, having sleeves tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawora which carno down to their heels, vest and. -drawers being made of black linen striped with white. Outaido this dross they put a eaubeaito, which is a sort of oloak or scapulary, which hung down in tho front and at tho bank, after tho fashion of a herald’s ooat, and those who wore thorn know what their sentence would bo before hand from tbo different, colours of tbo clonks and tbo figures, oto., on thorn. Those who wore condemned to doath bad sanbe nitos of yellow linan, with tho cross of St. j Andrew painted in red on thorn. TIiobo who , having becu condemned to death, bad esenpod tho executioner by avowing their crimes boforo thoir condemnation, woro a scapulary called Sumatra, on which woro embroidered flames burning downwards, suoh bs tho Por tuguese called Fogo Rc\'olto, and those con demned to bo burnt nlivo a groy eamnrra, on which was represented ft man surrounded by flames, and devils stirring up tho firo. At tbo end of the scapulary tho victim’s name nud orimo woro writ ton. They also woro pnstobonrd caps intboflhapoofftBUgnrloftforoonicAlmitro, garnished liberally with flames and imps, called earochtu. Thoy wero then gagged in a most pninful way, so that tho mouth could noither bo closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was plncod boforo them aud thoy woro ironically iuvitod to eat. This farco being ovor, each one was given, a taper of yellow wax and led out into the pub'lio square by a familiar of tho Holy Office, who, under tho name of godfather, was obliged to answer and bo responsible for his unhappy companion throughout the whole grim per fmmauce. Then tho procession would start. Direst marc-hod the Dominicans, carrying tho banners of St. Dominic, having the honour of going fiM bocauso ho was the first Inquisitor of his faith ; then came the other Inquisitors, the high dignitaries of the •Church, tho nobility,"and magistrates; those were followed by tho accused, who walked one by ono, with naked feet and bare heads, except tho mo9t unfortunate, who woro tho pasteboard caps, each ono holding the wax taper in his hand. In tho middle of tho pro cession a largo cruoifix was carried, tho faco of tho figure on it turned towards those who hod escaped death, and tho back towards tho .others as a innrk that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at tho placo whero judgment was to bo given, a preaoher mounted the pulpit and gave a sormou tending to tho conversion of tho .TeWa and heretics,, who wero blasphemously reviled. When the sonnon was finished, an inquisitor took tho preacher’s placo and called the criminals ono after tho other. Tho criminal called loft his place, and, conducted by an Ahaitle, placed himself on his knees boforo tbo inquisitor,' who road his proa* and hia sontonco. When all tho sentences woro road, an inquisitor came, accompanied by some priests, to those who bad escaped death, and ab- | solved them from tho excommuni cation which they had incurred, giving each, ono a littlo stroke with a rod. This sentence of excommunication was thought bo terriblo, that tho oflicors of tho Inquisition darod not speak to tho accused nor show thorn the slightest mark of friendship—not oven tho godfathers who walked beside them. Bnt tho moment they woro absolved from thoir ex communication thoy might spoak to thorn. If amongst tho number of victims doomed to suffer there happened to bo a priest, ho was stripped of his oiuonienls, which ho was allowed to weartotholast, that his humiliation and degradation might be greater, and then to removo tho oil of his consecration ho was subjected to a most cruel and abominablo process. His lips, hands, and shaven crown wore scraped with a bit of glass until thoy were raw and bleeding, after which ho was put with tho common hord to await.hia final punishment. Those whoso execution had not yot, been arranged, and tho reconciled prisoners, who had saved their lives by recanting thoir faith, wore now separated from those condemned to death, and while tho former woro conduoted once more to tho dreary solitude of the gloomy underground dun geons of tho Inquisition, to drag out, sometimes, a miserable existence for long long years in those loathsome places, per haps in tbo end,after sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally oxpinte at the stako, the only rofugo from torture and tho rook, an imaginary orimo; tho others who had boon 1 condemned to suffer all tho rigours of tho Inquisitorial decree, at once woro conducted to tho placo of execution, whore pilos of logs had boon placed, Horo ouch victim ^ was j bound to a stako, aud thon the oxooutiouor asked them in what religion thoy wished to I die. If they said thoy wished to die Chris* I turns they wero wera/nlly strangled before ! being burnt; if not—and tho Jews and Mohommcdnns often adhored to thoir re* | ligion with dogged courage, sufforing any tortures rather than reenut—thoy wero burnt alive 1 | Prisoners wero jealously guardod from having any intercourse with tho outer world, seeing no ono but tho jailor, and a priest of the Romish faith, ignorant of tho charges made against them, and in a truly desolate condition, with the fear of unknown horrors i before them ; for Torquemada knew not tho ! quality of mercy, and in tho deep and impreg nable vaults of the Inquisition had his unhappy victims tortured in tho most horrible manner, in order to make them confess their guilt, or at auy rate that whioh tho Inquisition wished them to confess, and the tortures being more, in many cases, than hnnian nature could endure, no end of people con fessed to crimes of whioh they had nover oven dreamt. At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, • faintly lighted by flickering torches those fiends, in tbo name of religion, tortured their hapless victims, u Whether man, matron, or tender virgin, thoy woro stripped naked and stretched upon tbo wooden beuch. Water, woighto, fires. ’ pulleys, screws all the apparatus by which tho sinews could bo etrainod without omcking, tho bonen bruised without breaking, and tbo body racked exquisitely without giving up its ghost—was now put into operation. Tho exccutionor, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot, with his eyes glaring at his victim through holes out in tho hood whioh mufllod his faco, praotisod suc cessively all tho forms of torture whioh tho dovilish ingenuity of monks had invented.” The heavy noisome air of the dungeons re sounded with tho oriea and groans of the miserable wretches, who in those modi- , teval days thought they would lose thoir clmuco of heaven, peril their souls, j if thoy rooanted the faith in whioh thoy had been bom and firmly believed, and wore torn by orucl and horrible pains of both mind and body. But what cared Tor quemuda and his bloodhounds for that P Thoy wore heretics, dogs of Jows, and thoy must suffer, in that they did not belong to tho Holy Churoh of Rome. So they were strotohod on the rack, until their strained joints were like to crack, nod burst asunder ; they wero^tied with the soles .of their bare feet within a few inches of a blazing fire—a foretaste of that cruel death at the stake to which so many woro to come ftt last; thoy .were suspended from tho ooiling by their hands, wnich wero oasod in. iron gloves so tightly screwed that the viotim’a fingers wero crushed and bruised; they were placed on frames head downwards and scourged till the blood rani they had plec.ts of their flesh pinched away with red’hot irons; their toe and, finger hails were torn off; their teeth dragged out; they were forced into machines that pressed the knees up to the ohin, bent the head down on the breast, and cramped them in a mo»t painful fhshion; 'they were tmspemlod by shovp books driven ‘ in under the. shoulder- blades; they' wero * nearly torn ; ngundor by ropes aud pulley*; they were prodded .with 'red-hot; noodles all oyer.the body and limbs; and A refinement of tortoto which Torquomada often ordered, was1'to ' have a doth tied over the now) aud month of the viotim, and a monk, who sat beside, kept dropping water on tho cloth, whioh must have produced a most painful senso of sufto cution. Torqueraada, in 1*108, tho author of go much woo and misery, tho object of such bitter hatred, died peaceably in his bod \ Forth© advancement of the faith all moans oro ' lawful.” If this TvcroJnot, it should have been his motto. “Tho convictions of Torqnooaadn,” says . M, Ros8CU\v-8nint Uilairo, “ wero sincere, ono cannot doubt, when one examines his life; but with what astonishment, mixed with horror, does one view this life given up entirely to doing ill, with the same ordotir and perseverance that others do good ? Ilia narao remains for nil time detested and abhorred amongst inou. But his evil work, unhappily, is not dead wit h him. During more thnn three cen turies tho Inquisition ground down Spain, and tho country yet bears its impress.” 