A PROTESTANT MARTYR'S WILL. The following is a copy of the last will and testament of the Protestant martyr. Dr. Rowland Taylor, who held the incumbency of Hadleigh, Suffolk, and was burned there on February 9th, 1655 : — " I say to my wife and to my children. The Lord gave you unto me ; and the Lord hath taken me from you and you from me : blessed be the name of the Lord. I believe that they are blessed which die in the Lord. God careth for sparrows, and for the hairs of our heads. I have ever found Him more faithful and favourable than is any father or husband. Trust ye, there fore in Him, by the means of onr dear Saviour Christ's merits : believe, love, fear, and obey Him, pray to Him, for He hath promised to help. Count me not dead, for I shall certainly live, and never die. I go before and you shall follow after, to our long home. I go to the rest of my children, SusBD, George, Ellen, Robert, and Zichary. I have bequeatued you to the only Omnipotent. I say to my dear friends of Hadleigh, and to' all others which have heard me preach, that I depart hence with a quiet conscience, as touching my doctrine, for the which, I pray you, thank God with me. For I have, after my little talent, declared to others those lessons that I gathered out of God's book, the blessed Bible. Therefore, if I, or an angel from heaven, should preach to yon any other Gospel than ye have received, God's great curse he upon that preacher. Beware for God's sake, that ye deny not God ; neither decline from the word of faith, lest God decline from you, and so do ye everlnstingly perish. For God's sake beware of Popery : for, though it appear to have in it unity, yet the same is vanity and anti- Christianity, and not in Christ's faith and unity. Beware of the sin against the Holy Ghost, now, after such a light opened so plainly and simply, truly, thoroughly, and generally to all Eng land. The Lord grant all men His good and Holy Spirit, increase of His wisdom, con- teming the wicked world, hearty desire to be with God and the heavenly company, through Jesus Christ, our only Mediator, Advocate, righteousness, life, sanctification, and hope. Amen, amen. Pray, pray." (Signed) Rowland Taylor, departing hence in sure hope, without all doubting, of eternal sal vation, I thank God, my Heavenly Father, through Jesus Christ, my certain Saviour. Amen. The 5th of February, Anno 1555. 