[?] \- ? v ? What doe3 Parkes think of the creature Pr.v faction now ? Parkes was an impartial and just man, as com pare hia treatment of John Davies and M'Cabe. The usual farce of taking local option polls was enacted on Tuesday last. The favourite song cf the Bourke carriers, ' The Camels ere coming.' The freetraders can wipe off the deficit by a stroke of Parkesian finance. Let N. S. W. be as signed to her creditors. United Iceland ratber than make up with the M'Caithyites would ' give Ireland over to the Saxon once and for all.' Chamberlain ha3 come out of his shell. Joe ia one of those' men who become. Radicals because they cannot be lords. A youth of 13 proudly announced in a Brisbane cDurt that he was a Freethinker. What a splendid triumph for secular education ! Reno and Sero, the contortionists, have bc-n giving exhibitions to the medical faculty almost as wonderful as the contortions of sorne M's.L.A. ' Everything comes to him whD waits.' A wait r in tbe Now South Walpg Assembly Refreshment Rcorn has become beir to a baro netcy. For months pa3t Ihe freetrade papers objected to Dibbs and ethers because or their opposition to federation. But Reid, to whom they bow look for salvation, is agairjst the measure. Jack Want spoke of a ' pollbax' on cattle. The Colonial Treasurer called it a ' toll tax.' The alliteration suggests that O'Sullivan, M.P., must have bad a finger in the financial pie. John Jan Davies's candidature for Cook Ward was & 'feeler for Parliamentary emoluments, for John would prefer the £25 a month to the bar.en honour of M.L.C. A well informed authority hints that the Baldwin engines are Jight enough. Those in charge, it is said, do not know how to work them, and will not learn. Mr. Jes-op after the municipal election com plained that he had not received fair play, in other words that he was disappointed in the power of the Yellow Pup. Nearly three hundred printers are walking the Sydney streets idle, and New South Wales c»n Dot eupport a decent papsr-mill. Yet Sell's American Circus imported about 75 toas o£ printed matter for use in Australia. Geo. Eeid says N.S.W. should take the had in the Australian freetrade movement-. This would make Ge:-. R^id the most important man in Aus tralia, go he thinks. But freetrade is as dead as ' Garden Honey.' Mant a true word is written in blunder. Old ' Granny,' of Hunter street, said that Parkes ' will not take the active leadership of tbe House but will at the same time remain the head of the party ' The French and tbe Germans, after the manner of the ancient Romans, take their census every five yeare. Young countries which increase rapidly as these colonies do might advantageously follow the same plan. The freetraders are continually referring to ex ports and imports. M'Kinlby, the American tariff reformer, alleges that tbe internal traffic o£ the United States exceeds that of England, France, and Germany combined. Mr Balfour would encourage Bmall holdings in Ireland to check tbe migration oi toe peasantry to the town3. Like all 'concessions' it comes too hit*. Tbe peasantry have nearly all migrated, or rather emigrated. Financial item. Were Mr. See's tariff in force, Sell'a American Circus would have to pay .£1025 duty on posters and other printed matter. But under the circumstances they would prefer to have the work done in Australia. Parkes is goiog to lecture on Federation a* Kiama. He went there once before to raise a ghost. He now wants to bury a corpse, for Fede ration is as dead as Julius Ca3sar or Garden Honey. The Economist suggests the dismissal of Sir Thomas M'll wraith, the Queensland Treasurer. Less than two years ago Sir Thomas dismissed or would not have a Governor appointed by the Queen. The Economist should be more economical oH its criticism. The rush on goods in bond renrnds ub of Beaconsfield's expedient in 1878. An additional tax on spirits was threatened, tbe bonders rushed to clear, and the Chancellor, owing to the extra amount paid at the last moment, was able to Bhow a good budget. A Tory paper says Lord Cartington's adminis trative faults were concealed under a ' sport ing exfceiior.' Although charity p'rhaps bide3 a heapful o£ sin, Imperfections and foibles inferior, To cover from view what's defective within There's nought like a sporting exterior. A kkal live baronet has been waiting on our Ms.L.A. This recalls Punch's story. A broken down swell visiting a cheap restaurant ia waited on by-bia old butler and cries, ' Hallo, John, you here ?' ' Yes,' was the reply, ' owing to the wicisstbods of fort'n I'm employed purfessionally, but I'd be soiry to sit down with the company.' Richard Power, Irish M.P , better known aa Dick, has pa?sed away. He was regarded aa the wit of the House. His death creates a vacancy at Waterford, aad should strengthen the hands of the M'Cftrfchy party, for Dick supported the late chief. He moved ia very good s.ci^ty, and the blase Wales found enjoyment in his company. 