THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. Author of "Treasure Island," "Kidnapped," "The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde," &c.; PART II.—LOW ISLANDS. CHAPTER XX.—GRAVEYARD STORIES CON- TINUED. It is plain we have in Europe stories of a similar complexion, and the Polynesian varua ino as aitu o le vao is clearly the near kinsman of the Transylvanian vampire. Here is a tale in which the kingship appears broadly marked. On the atoll of Penrhyn, then still partly savage, a certain chief was long the salutary terror of the najives. He died, he was buried; and his late neighbors had scarce tasted the delights of license ere his ghost appeared about the village. Fear seized upon all; a council was held of the chief men and sorcerers; and with the approval of the Rarotongan missionary, who was as frightened as the rest, and in the presence of several whites—my friend Mr. Ben Herd being one—the grave was opened, deepened until water came, and the body re-interred, face down. The still re- cent staking of suicides in England and the decapitation of vampires in the east of Europe form close parallels. So in Samoa only the spirits of the un- buried awake fear. During the late war many fell in the bush; their bodies, some- times headless, were brought back by native pastors and interred; but this (I know not why) was insufficient, and the spirit still lingered on the theatre of death. When peace returned a large < see note > in many places, and chiefly round the high gorges of Luatnanun, where the struggle was long centred and the loss had been severe. Kinswomen of the dead came carrying a mat or sheet, and and guided by survivors of the fight, the place of death was earnestly sought out; the sheet was spread upon the ground; and the women, moved with pious anxiety, sat about and watched it. If any living thing alighted it was twice brushed away; upon the third coming it was known to be the spirit of the dead, was folded in, carried home and buried beside the body; and the rites rested. The rite was practised beyond doubt in simple piety; the repose of the soul was its ob- ject: its motive, reverent affection. The present king disowns indeed all knowledge of a dangerous rite; he declares the souls of the unburied were only wanderers in limbo, lack- ing an entrance to the proper country of the dead, unhappy, nowise hurtful. And this severely classic opinion doubtless represents the views of the enlightened. But the flight of my Lafarele marks the grosser terrors of the ignorant. This belief in the exorcising efficacy of funeral rites perhaps explains a fact, other- wise amazing, that no Polynesian seems at all to share our European dread of human bones and mummies. Of the first they made their cherished ornaments; they pre- served them in houses or in mortuary caves; and the watchers of royal sepulchres dwelt with their children among the bones of genera- tions. The mummy, even in the making, was as little feared. In the Marquesas, on the ex- treme coast, it was made by the household with continual unction and exposure to the sun; in the Carolines, upon the farthest west, it is still cured in the smoke of the family hearth. Head-hunting, besides, still lives around my doorstep in Samoa. And not ten years ago, in the Gilberts, the widow must disinter, cleanse, polish, and thenceforth carry about her, by day and night, the head of her dead husband. In all these cases we may suppose the powers, whether of cleansing or drying, to have fully exorcised the city. But the Paumotuan belief is more obscure. Here the man is duly buried, and he has to be watched. He is duly watched, and the spirit goes abroad in spite of watches. Indeed, it is not the purpose of the vigils to prevent these wanderings; only to mollify by polite atten- tion the inveterate malignity of the dead. Neglect (it is supposed) may irritate and thus invite his visits, and the aged and weakly sometimes balance risks, and like our widows stay at home. And ob- serve, it is the dead man’s kindred and next friends who thus deprecate his fury with nocturnal watchings. Even the placa- tory vigil is held perilous, except in company, and a boy was pointed out to me in Rotoava, because he had watched alone by his own father. Not the ties of the dead, nor yet their proved character, affect the issue. A late resident, who died in Fakarava of sun- stroke, was beloved in life and is still remembered with affection; none the less his spirit went about the island clothed with terrors, and the neighbourhood of Govern- ment House was still avoided after dark. We may sum up the cheerful doctrine thus:—All men become vampires, and the vampire spares none. And here we come face to face with a tempting inconsistency. For the whistling spirits are notoriously clannish; I understood them to wait upon and to enlighten kinsfolk only, and that the medium was always of the race of the communicating spirit. Here, then, we have the bonds of the family, on the one hand, severed at the hour of death; on the other, helpfully persisting— possibly for generations. The child's soul in the Tahitian tale was wrapped in leaves. It is the spirits of the newly dead that are the dainty; when they are slain, the house is stained with blood. Rua’s dead fisherman was decomposed; so— and horribly—was his arboreal demon. The spirit, then, is a thing material; and it is by the material ensigns of corruption that he is distinguished from the living man. This opinion is widespread, adds a gross terror to the more ugly Polynesian tales, and some- times defaces the more engaging with a painful and incongruous touch. I will give two examples sufficiently wide apart, one from Tahiti, one from Samoa. And first from Tahiti. A man went to visit the husband of his sister, then some time dead. In her life the sister had been dainty in the island fashion, and went always adorned with a coronet of flowers. In the midst of the night the brother awoke and was aware of a heavenly fragrance going to and fro in the dark house. The lamp I must suppose to have burned out; no Tahitian would have lain down without one lighted. A while he lay wondering and de- lighted; then called upon the rest. "Do none of you smell flowers?" he asked. "O," said his brother-in-law, "we are used to that here." The next morning these two men went walking, and the widower confessed that his dead wife came about the house continually, and that he had even seen her. She was shaped and dressed and crowned with flowers as in her lifetime; only she moved a few inches above the earth with a very easy progress, and flitted dry shod above the surface of the river. And now comes my point: It was always in a back view that she appeared; and these brothers-in-law, de- bating the affair, agreed that this was to con- ceal the inroads of corruption. Now for the Samoan story. I owe it to the kindness of Dr. F. Otto Sierich, whose collec- tion of folk-tales I expect with a high degree of interest. A man in Manua was married to two wives and had no issue. He went to Savaii, married there a third, and was more fortunate. When his wife was near her time he remembered he was in a strange island, like a poor man; and when his child was born he must be shamed for lack of gifts. It was in vain his wife dissuaded him. He returned to his father in Manua seeking help; and with what he could get he set off in the night to re-embark. Now his wives heard of his coming; they were incensed that he did not stay to visit them; and on the beach, by his canoe, intercepted and slew him. Now the third wife lay asleep in Savaii, her babe was born, and slept by her side; and she was awakened by the spirit of her husband. 'Get up,' he said, ‘my father is sick in Manua and we must go to visit him.' 'It is well,' said she; 'take you the child, while I carry its mats.' 'I cannot carry the child,' said the spirit; 'I am too cold from the sea.' Now, when they were got on board the canoe the wife smelt carrion. 'How is this?' she said. 'What have you in the canoe that I should smell carrion?' 'It is nothing in the canoe,' said the spirit. 'It is the land-wind blowing down the mountains, where some beast lies dead.' It appears it was still night when they reached Manua—the swiftest passage upon record—and as they entered the reef the fires burned in the village. Again she asked him to carry the child; but now he need no more dissemble. 'I cannot carry your child,' said he, 'for I am dead, and the fires you see are burning for my funeral.' " The curious may learn in Dr. Sierich’s book the unexpected sequel of the tale. Here is enough for my purpose; and you will observe that though the man was but new dead the ghost was already putrified, as though putrefaction were the mark and of the essence of a spirit. The vigil on the Paumotuan grave does not extend beyond two weeks, and they told me this period was thought to coincide with that of the reso- lution of the body. The ghost always marked with decay, the danger seemingly ending with the process of dissolution, here is tempting matter for the theorist. But it will not do. The lady of the flowers had been long dead, and her spirit was still supposed to bear the brand of perishability. The resident had been more than a fortnight buried, and his vampire was still supposed to go the rounds. Of the lost state of the dead, from the lurid Mangaian legend, in which infernal deities harass and destroy the souls of all, to the various submarine and aerial limbos where the dead feast, float idle, or resume the occupations of their life on earth, it would be wearisome to tell. One story I give, for it is singular in itself, is well- known in Tahiti, and has this of interest, that it is post-Christian, dating indeed from but a few years back. A princess of the reigning house died, was transported to the neighboring isle of Raiatea; fell there under the empire of a spirit who condemned her to climb coco- palms, all day and bring him the nuts; was found after some time in this miserable servi- tude by a second spirit, one of her own house; and by him, upon her lamentations, recon- veyed to Tahiti, where she found her body still marked, but already swollen with the approaches of corruption. It is a likely point in the tale that, on the sight of this dishonored tabernacle, the princess prayed she might continue to be num- bered with the dead. But it seems it was too late, her spirit was replaced by the least dignified of entrances, and her startled family beheld the body move. The seemingly purgatorial labors, the helpful kindred spirit, and the horror of the princess at the sight of her tainted body, are all points to be re- marked. The truth is, the tales are not necessarily consistent in themselves, and they are further darkened for the stranger by an ambiguity of language. Ghosts, vampires, spirits, and gods are all confounded. And yet I seem to perceive that (with exceptions) those whom we would count gods were not maleficient. Permanent spirits haunt and do murder in corners of Samoa; but those legitimate gods of Opolu and Savaii, where wars and cricketings of late con- vulsed society, I did not gather to be dreaded, or not with a like fear. The spirit of Aana that ate souls is certainly a fearsome inmate; but the high gods, even of the archipelago, seem helpful. Mahinui—from whom our con- vict catechist had been named—the spirit of the sea, like a Proteus, endowed with endless avatars, came to the assistance of the ship- wrecked and carried them ashore in the guise of a ray fish. The same divinity bore priests from isle to isle about the archipelago, and by his aid, within the century, persons have been seen to fly. The tutelar deity of each isle is like- wise helpful, and by a particular form of wedge- shaped cloud on the horizon announces the coming of a ship. To one who conceives of these atolls, so nar- row, so barren, so beset with sea, here would seem a superfluity of ghostly denizens. And yet there are more. In the various brackish pools and ponds, beautiful women with long red hair are seen to rise and bathe; only (timid as mice) on the first sound of feet upon the coral they dive again for ever. They are known to be healthy and harmless living people, dwellers of an underworld; and the same fancy is current in Tahiti, where also they have the hair red. Tea is the Tahitian name; the Pau- motuan, Mokurea. Even white sailors who ply in the archi- pelago become infected with superstitions, or what seem to be so. It is possible enough that an atoll may be visible to great distances by the green radiance of the lagoon projected on the atmosphere. That a cloud always indicates the position of a navigable passage I think we may deny. (To be continued.) 