SAFE AT LAST. CHAPTER VH.—Continued. „ . . ... , "You are divine—superb he murmured. ,,,rheR " These B old "" ha],R halls have "O"" seen "" no one to compare with you, my Lady DarreU." l?olly Bmiled faintly. She did not understand the true meaning of his eyes, yet she had a nervous dread of this man, and felt he was dangerous. "You are flattering me, Court Jura," -she answered a little coldly. "Flatter you! Ah, Lady DarreU, you judge me harshly. I have never seen life or happiness till I beheld you." He scarcely knew what be said, BO enthralled were his senses by his passion and her beauty.. "You are attracted by the diamonds, not by me," Polly said hurriedly, feeling a greater dread than ever steal over her. The hall waB quite deserted ; she longed for a glimpse of a servant, but no one was about, and she could not pass down, for Count Jura stood right in ber path. " Diamonds!" he repeated with a start. For the first time he noticed her jewels ; they had escaped him; it was her radiant beauty, as a whole that had seized her eye. " So," he said slowly, " you wear the celebrated DarreU gems te-night, countess; you would be good booty for a robber." Folly laughed nervously, but she was thankful that the passion had died out of his eyes, and Bhe said lightly : " Yes; but I am afraid of no robbers." "Women are always brave," the count observed, glancing now at the sparkling gems with a been curiouB look; "but I don't mind confessing that, man as I am, I should not care to sleep in a room with these world-fnmoue jewels. I should expect to have very unsettled slumbers." " I have never tried it," Polly answered, still lightly, though she longed to get away from this man; " but I shall do so to-night for the first time. I will let you know to-morrow whether my slumbers were disturbed; I don't think I am very much afraid. And now, count, it is getting late; will you pardon me—I must go." The count bowed and stood aside, then leaned over the oak balustrade, and watched the dainty figure glide down. " To-night!" he muttered; " to-night, she said. It's well. Paul shall not accuse me of playing and not working. And yet how fair, how beautiful she is! What are diamonds to such loveliness as hers ? If sbe were but free, if I could but clasp her in my arms, and press my lips to hers ? Pshaw! I am raving—it can never be—! George, old fellow, wake up, remember you have work to do to-night." Polly passed on to the great salon. The room was empty as she entered it; she was early, but her courage, instead of sinking, rose higher and higher as 6he walked through the brilliantly lighted apartment, and caught the reflection of her beautiful form in the many mirrors. She was standing by the fireplace when the earl came in; her back was turned, and seeing only a slender graceful form, he hurried up to it. He carried a lovely bouquet of flowers in his hand. " Valerie," he said, in low passionate tones, " I have kept my promise; here are your flowers. Lady DarreU, you!" he exclaimed, 88 Polly turned slowly and faced him. Then almost involuntarily he murmured, " How beautiful you are I Let me congratulate you. You will indeed win all hearts to-night!" "Thankyou," Polly answered quite composedly, though her own heart was beating wildly. What a change had come into his voice. The first words had been love-laden, but the next breathed -only compliments. "I trust I am to your satisfaction. You wish to find Miss Boss—sbe is not yet come down." The earl flushed again, that strange fascination that Polly seemed to exercise over him came into his mind once more. " I 'brought her some flowsrs," he observed confusedly ; " she always likes them." his heart of anger—so great that it almost "Flowers such as those are worth J iking," returned the young countess, seeing his confusion, and pityi&g; him. " I never saw so many wonderful plants till I came here." "Our hothouses are considered very fine—we must go over them together," cried Roy, forgetting all about Valerie and the bouquet, and gazing at his lovely voung wife with a new sensation in his breast. Polly's eyes dropped, she did not wish him to notice her agitation. " I am afraid it would be too much trouble, my Lord," she said, turning from him and forcing herself to speak coldly. " Trouble—oh no! Tell me what hour vou will be free to-morrow and I am ut ^'our service." Polly felt a thrill of astonishment that melted into a moment of perfect bliss. " I am free all day," she murmured «*Then we can " The earl got no farther, for two people entered the room at this instant. They •were Count Jura and Valerie, gorgeous in crimson satin and her rubies and diamonds. Roy watched his wife approach Count -Jura with graceful ease, and as he saw the flash of pasaonate love in the other man's eyes he felt a sadden sensation at pained him. What was it? Could it be that Bov. , ^ ofDarrell> waB owin jealon8 ' of his low-born wife ? Polly saw nothing of his expression, but she saw Valerie standing near him, the bouquet in her hands. " I have been trying to console my husband, MisB Boss," she said in her clear, sweet voice, " but he would not be consoled. You were late to claim your jpromised gift of flowers." The earl bit his lip and walked away. A sudden wish eame to him that Valerie and her flowers were far distant. A veil seemed to be falling from his eyes. He glanced from Valerie's handsome face, with its bard, passionate look, to Polly's sweet, lovely countenance lit with womanly tenderness and gentleness, and hiB wife's pleased him the moBt. - Her bearing, too, astounded yet gratified hie pride, and unconsciously his heart swelled as he pictured her triumph. Valerie, quick to read hiB clear, honest face, read these thoughts, and she was maddened almost to frenzy. The girl's appearance, her coolness, were poisoned darts to Valerie's blighted heart, and sbe vowed to be revenged and to abase the low-born wife of Boy Darrell. CHAPTER VHL The crowd of guests streaming in kept the earl well occupied. He stood at the head of the salon, the slight fotm in white satin and diamonds beBide him. To all and each Polly gave her sweet smile and gentle word; no trace of fear or awkwardness was in her demeanonr. Everyone was amazed. They had come filled with a wild curiosity to see the farm-girl who had so suddenly and strangely become a countess, and instead of beholding a series of terrible social blunders performed by a sturdy dairymaid, they saw nothing but a lovely patrician girl, whose charms and Wondrous beauty eclipsed even Miss Valerie Ross, long considered the goddess of all loveliness by the folk aronnd the Castle. From her chair, Lady Darrell noticed their astonishment, and felt that she sympathised with it. Her heart woke from the bitter disappointment that had lived in it ever since the day she learnt of her son's marriage, to admire most genuinely the fair young wife. " Where does she get her manner ?" sbe mused to herself. " She is patrician from head to foot. Roy has no need of shame to-night; his wife has achieved a success." Then she sighed a little as her eyes wandered to a tall stately form, on whose red-brown hair the rubies and diamonds quivered like jewelled dewdrops. " Poor Valerie!" she said to herself. " If it only could have been! I am sure she loves Boy now, whatever her feelings were before Eustace died. She, too, would have made a proud countess tonight. Yet this girl holds her own." At lost all the guests were assembled, the testimonial was handed to the earl, and dinner was announced. Polly found herself led in by Sir Robert Carlisle, and smiled once or twice to herself as she read the admiration and amazement on his faoe. The dinner proved long and tedious to ber, though not to the majority, for they ate heartily. Polly had more pleasure in looking at all the wonderful gold acd silver ornaments, cups, goblets, dishes, and vases, that stood on the table. It was a glimpse of fairyland to her, and the earl, glancing from his seat at the far end of the room, watohed her bright look of admiration, and felt again that new sensation which was growing stronger and stronger in his heart. Dinner over, the ladies withdrew, and Polly found her time occupied in chatting with all the great dameB, whose faces she recollected from seeing them in their carriages dashing along to Nestley town. Valerie had 6aid little all the evening, but she was thinking the more. Her hate for Polly had grown to-night to a passion; the truth that Roy was gradually becoming interested—nay, attracted by his wife, lashed her to madness. Lady Darrell was right. Valerie loved Boy now with all the power of her heart; not as she had worshipped EuBtace Bivers, but with a great passion of genuine affection and tenderness; she bad been living in a dream these two dayB past. She felt secure in Roy's love, and thought of Polly only as a cloud on the horizon of ber happiness; but now she realised she was indeed living in dreamland. Boy's eyes all this night had rested on his wife; a dawn'of something new and such as had never come for her, appeared on his face, and Valerie saw that once again her happigess would be wrecked. She had as yet no plan; she knew not what or how she meant to do it; but she swore to herself that before many days the earl should be efieotually separated from his wife, my Lady Polly, and turn to her. The men coming in from the smokingroom disturbed her thoughts. Lord Radine hurried up to Polly. •• Countess," he exclaimed, " how beautiful you are to-night! I could not -approach you before dinner, you "were - so surrounded. The pale cheeks produced by the ghost have quite disappeared." "Ghost!" repeated Count Jura, who had strolled up to Polly also; "have you been frightened to-day, countess t" " Yes," Lord Badine went on ; " we rode oyer to the Abbey ruins, you know, this morning, and aB we were about to mount the remains of the tower, Lady Darrell turned deathly white, uttered a slight exclamation, and fled back to the air. When I taxed her with seeing a ghost, she declared such to be the case." Polly had grown pale during this speech. She had looked up and met the gaze of Valerie's eyeB burning with their passion of hate, and there was such a re sembl^nce at that instant to the sinister face of Paul Ross, that she felt again the dread that had attacked her in the ruics. Count Jura watched her cheeks blanch; his brows were knit. " Why, Lady Darrell," he exclaimed, "you Burely don't mean to tell me you are afraid of spirits ?" " Not of spirits," Polly answered with an imperceptible shiver, as Lord Badine turned to speak to a lady close by; " but of men, Count Jura, I am afraid." " She has seen Paul," was Count Jura's swift thought. ' Then you think this was a man ?" he continued easily. "I am sure of it." The count elevated hiB brows. " Shall we go for a stroll into the hall and conservatory r" he said in his most graceful fashion. Polly hesitated. She would much prefer to have remained alone. Somehow Bhe disliked and feared this man, but she could not refuse. Boy was speaking to his mother as they passed. Lady Darrell saw the glance he gave to his wife, and the way his brows contracted as if with pain and vexation. " Roy," she said aloud, softly, " she does well to-night, and how beautiful she is!" Boy turned and grasped his mother's hand. " Thank you, dearest," he said hurriedly ; " she is indeed moBt beautiful. Mother, I begin to think we iave jndged her harshly; recollect, she married me thinking to save my life." "I do remember it," answered his mother gently, " and for the future she shall be welcome to me as my danghter; my pride has been against her all this time, but to-night she stands revealed a lady in every sense of the word, end you have no need to blush for your wife." " I shall seek or send to the Browns to make every enquiry about her birth. I am certain she has proud blood in her veins, mother, and does not belong to them." Valerie was just behind him as he exclaimed this. " Discussing my Lady Polly," she observed, with an effort to keep her sneering temper down. "She has really astonished me. What a born actress the girl is!" "Actress!" repeated the earl, vexed beyond measure at the words; "it is not acting, Valerie; it is nature." Valerie bit her lip, her worst fears were confirmed. She altered her mood. "I congratulate you," sbe said softly, just glancing at him with her lustrous eyes; "it has been a severe test, and no one among your friends is more pleased at the success than I am, Boy." Boy's face softened. " 1'hank you, Valerie; it is like you to be so kind. I am anxious that you should be friends with my—my—the countess. You are so clever, you can help her." " My Lady Polly does not need my aid, Boy; but since you wish it I will be her friend, first for your sake and then for hers." The words were spoken bravely. Done knew what an agony of pain was living beneath that smiling exterior. Lady Darrell overheard her son's request and her faoe was puzzled. "Roy is like all men—clumsy," she said to herself. " Valerie will never be a friend to his wife!" " Polly, meanwhile, walked away with Count Jura. 6he scarcely heard what he was saying. All the evening her memory had gone back with a thrill to her husband and his request. To-morrow they j were to meet and walk together. j It was like a beautiful dream to her,' and unconsciously brought her happiness. Count Jura led the way to a marble ante-room. Statues gleamed white amid the foliage of rare topical plants, dim lamps were hung about, and a fountain played in the centre. " Let us sit here awhile," he said as he led ber towards a velvet couch, placed close to the fountain; " we have had no time for a chat, Lady Darrell." "Nor shall I have any now," said Polly hurriedly, forcing herself to smile. " You forget, count, I have my guests to attend to." " And am I not one ?" he asked quietly. Polly opened her fan and moved it to and fro, but did not answer. 1 So you were frightened in the ruins to-day?" went on the count, drinking in the fair loveliness of her face with passionate avidity. " YeB; but it was very stupid of me. Please do not think me a coward, count." ' And if you are afraid in broad daylight, how can you have the courage to sleep In a room with all these glorious He touched'a glittering bracelet as he spoke; "I am not frightened in my own apartment,'* Polly said, wondering just a little at the way id which he always discussed the diamonds. The count noticed her surprise; he adroitly changed the conversatinn. " Ah, you should see the wonderful caves and weird nooks I have beheld in my travels. Ghosts and spirits dwelt in them, indeed!" " I sheuld be glad to travel and see other lands." Polly spoke dreamily. " You would ?" broke in the count. " Ah, how would you like to leave this cold desolate place, and see rothing but blue sky, sunshine, and flowers ? Fancy a garden, with orange-groves scenting the air. with tenaces leading-down io a "bay as blue—as blue as - your starlike eyes 1 One can be happy in a home like that!" " Do you know of such a place ?" the girl asked, eager to continue this conversation. " Yes, I know of such a paradise. It is mine—all mine. Now it stands empty and deserted; it only waits for a mistress —a mistress fair, lovely as the sun, with gentle grace and maddenin Reyes—such as yours. Yes, you are " ' "Count!" Polly rose quickly, but his arm stole round her slender waist.. " Yes, yes—you are the only woman in this wide world that could bring happiness in such a home. Have not my eyes spoken clearly ? Bid you not understand? Polly—my Lady Polly— listen! I will take you away from all this gilded misery ; you are wretched here. I can give you diamonds, gold, riches. I can give you more—love. Yes, girl; you cannot comprehend what a passion is devouring my heart. For you I live alone, for I love you!" ' Let me go;" breathed Polly, wrenching herself from his grasp. " How dare you! How dare you insult me like this!" "Insult!" The man laughed. "What! you pretend you have not seen my love ?" ' Your love!" repeated the girl with deepest scorn. " I have seen nothing; if I had, should I have come here to bear yonr insults ? Go—go—at once ! Sou are a coward! I scorn you! I hate you!" " Hate me! Beware, Lady' Darrell; I am your friend, your lover now, but make me your enemy, and I will fight you to the end." The girl drew up her figure to its full height, and pointed her right hand to the doorway. ' Go!" she said quietly. I am not frightened; a man to use threats to a woman must be a coward. Go!" The count turned, then swiftly moving back, he seized her arm and pressed his lips to it with a passionate force that hurt her. " You shall sue to me yet," he murmured. " You shall be in my power—I swear it!" Polly stood watching his retieating form; her hand was clenched on her arm where his lips had touched it. She felt sick and ill, and was trembling, in . every limb; she put out her hands wildly; pride had lent her strength, but now when she was alone, her strength went quickly, and scarce knowing where she was, ehe sank on to the couch, white and almost insensible. (To he continued.) 