LONDON TABLE TALK. From our Special Correspondent. London. June 19, 1891. By the death of the O'Gorman Mahon who succumbed on Tuesday last to an attack of influenza the House of Commons loses one of its quaintest and most picturesque figures. What was the great age of this curious old nJie of bygone generations few accurately know: Sir Harry Vemey and Mr. Gladstone are indeed the only living men who can re member him even comparatively young. He entexed Parliament in 1830, and was one of Daniel CConnell's must influential supporters in tbe great straggle for Catholic emancipa tion. As early as 1826 we find references to the CGorman Mabon in the letters of Sir Robert Peel, who epeaks of him as an in fluential person to be looked after, possibly imprisoned. O'Connell and Peel have lieen dead more than 40 years. At one period of itis life the O'Gonuan Mahon played a prommentp rt in the Government o. a South American & public, of which he n-a; at once Lord High /admiral and Commander in-Chirf. His Btorfc.«of this experienoe.Jof tb; ladieebe loved, and the duels he fought, brunmei Avith humor, and nothing pleased the veterai I■• -tt«j than to recount them. Tbe O'Gormau'j :>V>})earance of late years resroiililnri that of a huge and shaggy buffalo. His manners, liow <-\<-r, were, fidToi old- fashioned courtliness, and ladies invariably declared he iiaid them thi u>ost perfect compunients. The O'Gorman Mahon oould never be made to understand the age of duelling bad passed away, and compara tively recently almost wept because an Irish member would not allow him to carry a chal lenge to Sir William "Haroourt. On onother occasion, conceiving Jiimawif insulted, the old man presented a prosaic Tory M.P. with his card, and said he hoped to hear from him. Mr. Paraell was the last person the O'Gorman wanted to challenge. The Royal Family from the Queen down wards have been greatly exercised by the severity and unanimity of the strictures upon the Prince of Wales. Tbe Duke of Cam bridfet who is yea; susceptible to public opinion, worked^iimaelf into a state of almost dangQKDOS excitement on the subject, and on Saturday, whan the old soldier met the Prinoe at a military conference, his language was, to put it mildly, forcible. The peccant personage himself at first inclined to smile at the press comments, opining die censure would miss the mark with the public through being overdone. After, however, interviews with Lord Salis bury, Mr.' Gladstone, and other trusty coun sellors, H.8.8L awoke thoroughly to the gravity of the situation. George Lewis is said to have told the Prince that he reckoned Sir Edward Clarke's speoch would give the K-mKnaTa 100,000 vote* at the general election. The best defence yet offered for Sir Wm. Camming, who was cashiered out of the army on the 10th, is lobby's, in last week's lrtUk. ■If theSoHcitor- General had made the coup cU trots theory as plain as Labby does I think the jury would have disagreed. Unfortunately even Labor's clever special pleading can beeasily dfimnlishftri. He bases his case on the Wilsons and Levett alone having noticed irregularities. Unfor tunately the two Somersets and Mr. Sassoon, though they declined to swear they had eeen Camming cheating, would not swear his play was perfectly regular. Hence they were not called. The fact which to my mind speaks strongest for tbe Wilsons' conduct generally is that whilst nearly everybody con demns the action they and General Williams and Lord Coventry did Jake no two writers or talkers can agree exactly what they ought to have done. I have heard endless discussions on die subject. Every other man one meets lays down die sound law with much firmness. Frequently he indicates unconsciously that he would have made far graver mistakes than the persons he so gaily condemn. " Why did they drag in the Prince r' is a question ignorant critics nearly always put. The answer, of course, is that all con .«rned knew bis Royal HighnesE would like to be consultfd. As ? rnJa, indeed, nothing pleases the Prinoe better fhan to act as arbiter in social difficulties. Quarrels between persons he knows are nearly always submitted to him, and more-than once be has intervened success fully in cases requiring the utmost tact and delicacy. ' Sir Wm. Gordon-Camming and liis bride met with a tremendous reception in the north. At all the^stations between Perth and Forres enthusiastic crowds assembled to cheer the pair,. and at the royal borough itself the provost and town council presented an address of welcome to them. This contained no reference to recent events in London, bat rehearsed the good deeds of dead and gone Comzning?, and the indeb tedness of Forres to the family. Then the horses were taken from the carriage, and a bevy of brawny Highlanders dragged the vehicle uphill and down dale to Altyre. All this, if Sn- William should perchance be inno cent, will be consoling, but to a guilty man how soul searing. One reads that the baronet didn't like it, but for his wife's sake endured the fuss. Lady Middleton, Sir William's aster, accompanied the bride and bridegroom north. She is a singularly beautiful woman, and a great favorite in the most select circle of London society. Nothing would persuade Lady Middleton to assoiiate with the Marl borough House set, and she considers the mis fortune which has overtaken Sir William a judgment on him for conbomnx with low-bred folk like the Wilsons, Mrc. WiLon particu larly. There was an unusually large attendance in the Commons at question time on Monday, it being: generally understood that unless the queries pot to Mr. Stanhope on the baccarat case were satisfactorily answered, the RaH k^l^ meant to move the adjournment of the House, and gtaterally make things "hum,"' as the Yankees say. Fortunately tbe tact and sound good sense which has pulled the Prince of Wales through many awkward dilemmas did not deeert him now. After discussing matters with vaaoos trusty coonsellon, and farming his own impressions of public opinion in tbe papers, bis Royal Highness came to the con emaon that there was nothing for it but to frankly apologise. True no precedent existed for such a proceeding, and coriomdy enough the Queen did not Eke the idea. Bun the Prince recognised that the proprieties nust be ppri^d. It was not necessary for him to say much. If he admitted an error of judgment ■wople would fill in the gaps and understand he meant to be more careful in many ways in future, and, p*rwphragiT>g Mr. Benjamin Gold finch, swore to "give np'haccarat.'* The ques tions pot to the Secretary for War practically asked—of course at great length—what steps were going to be taken with regard to the oftieaa who had broken the Queen's regula tions. Mr. Stanhope, in reply, said:—Any })rfYtyfm\fa iwtfmimf w*tfi 1^ die regulation in question will, I dunk, see diat die chief per son who ha* broken it was Sir William Goraon- Cuaming, because he did not report his case to his commanding officer, aoaordine to the re gulations. Any offcnop committed by any other officer can only have ooneisted in advis ing him and pressing him to take any other course than that laid down by the regulations Of tbe three officers concerned —one, General Owen Williams, has retired from die army, and is dierefore not subject to the Queen's re gulations. The other officers are undoubtedly subject to it The regulation in question, No. 41, has never been specially brought to die attention of die Prinoe of Wales; but now that his Attention has been "called to it, and in l^i^wifr i>a^v to all *^w? of the eace, his Koyal Highness has authorised me to say diat be now sees an error of judg ment was «oo?Unitted in not requiring {Sir. WOliam Gordon-Camming at once to report bis case to >?« wnwiminimg officer. In this view of die case I ooncnr, and X should like to give expression to my own personal opinion that if any of us had suddenly heard of a friend of ones who, moreover, had greatly dig tisguifihed himself in die service, Tiaving bean accused of dishonorable conduct, we should have hesitated before at anoe taking any course which would immediately and irre trievably blight hi* whole future hie. Mr: Berkeley Levett has addressed a letter to his commanding officer expressing in very proper terms bis very great regret at not having acted in strict accordance with die regulations. It is not proposed to take any further action in the matter. A very interesting pendant toMrs.Olinhant'B enthralling "Life of Laurence Oliphant" (has just been raved indteshapeof a snail brochure containing some personal reminiscences of that erratic genius by Mr. Louis Liesching, late of die Ceylon Civil Service. Mr. Liesching lived as a boy under tbe can? of Sir Anthony Oliphant, then Cltief Justice of Ceylon, and wot educated and brought up side by side with Laurttice, or "Lowry," as me family always called him. The Oliphants Jwere dien •tvangrtica!, and a devout evangelical Mr. Liesching has always remained. His explana tions of the causes of die various religions phases Laurence Oliphant went through are probably correct, and be throws valuable light 'on die character of the Prophet Harris and the "Brotherhood of the New Life." Ohphanti endeavored to convert Liesching to the "New Life," and lent him Harris's works. Mr. Liesching read them carefully and discovered the doctrine of the brotherhood to be in the main modernised Buddhism. Harris's earlier works are, he says, full o? noble thoughts and true perceptions of men and things. Here are two short specimens :—" I know that in all ages the minority has been right, because it lias been advanced; while in all ages the majority has been wrong, because it lias been sluggish and sleepy and spell-bound and obstinate.'"' "When God sets on fire the soul with love and light and liberty, all the fetters of 'sectarianism are but shrivelled flax bands that consume before die fiery heat! they pass away in spark? on the air; the man forgets that be was ever boand by them. 3 Later Mr. Harris, reehnstened Chrysantheus, and Mrs. Wflrrip reofaristened Chrysandiea, plar'tyyvi to have been directly inspired to write a grotesquely blasphemous work called "The Lord, the Two in One, Xwdaced, Manifested, Glorified." Mr. liesduag intended .quoting ft chapter frost fiae on "Oar JUwd Slam feeted on Earth Among the Artisans," but on looking at it after a lapse of time be declares, " I find it co blasphemous, so foul, so coarse, that oould I bring myself to copy what I had in view, no respectable publisher would print it It refers among other things to a tlnld called * Cbrysanthile,1 whose name is ako'Usie.' This 'child is the child bora to Chrysandieus and Chrrsanthea, a? the Sirst fruit of their nuptial union in the earth, and he inherited from his mother into the fixedness of the angels, and from his father into the loyal freedom of the divine natural man."' Chrysantheus is called on for a song in this lower world of artisan?, and here is a specimen of liis inspired poetry:— Pipes and alp, pipes and ale ! He who receives the Lord in them. Though be were sick and sent, to gaol, May journey to Jerusalem, .UrusaJi'Ui, Jerusalem; May journey to Jerusalem. l.ct }>arsons iv their gospel shops Cive broken iHjies without a stem. Tito effect of this song is such that one of th-J artisans found words to say, "1 cave iv, mates ; progress V played out." And this is the stuff Laurence Oliphanfc found an improvement on the prayer book. It certainly doe* show, as Mr. Liesching says, "how far astray the keenest intellects, the most retined natures, the most shrewd minds, u>ay be lt-d when once they abandon their reason and moral sense to the guidance of another." Oliphsm went ■wrong in his religious life from the moment be began to dabble in occult science. This was at the age of 17. What he discovered Heaven aloneknows, but it destroyed the youth's simple evangelical creed. From that rime till he reached 36, and joined Harris, Laurance, though outwardly successful in all he touched, was filled with "a spirit of unrest. This is shown by his letters to his mother. There we see bisdiasatisfaction with himself, his introspection, hisremoree. Churchfolk neverthe less he scorned. "Piccadilly" indicates his views with regard to parsons, missionaries, &c.;, very clearly. " Then," says Mr. Liesching, " came a time when he was allured by the fascinations of clairvoyance and mesmerism, and then came a moment when contact with his new teacher persuaded him that, while mesmerism was of the infernal?, there was, to those who sought it aright, access to the higher and holier in telligences ; yea, even to the Lord Himself! My own belief, after many years' consideration of the subject, is that the one is demoniac, but the other is Satanic, and that the latter is the source of the inspiration of the deluded ' Brotherhood of the Xew Life.' Had Laurence Oliphant steadily pursued one object, he would have been less versatile, charming, and fasci nating perhaps: but be might have done much, very much, for the good of society." Oliphant, Nlr. Liesching finally assures us, was fully alive to the danger of ignorant, careless or curious i*>rsons tampering with the terrible spiritual inthieuce? winch we are beginning to recognise exi-t without oiir understanding them. "He regarded experiments with hypnotism as he would have done those of a man playing with gun{x>wder, with the danger ous nature of which he was unacquainted. The day is, I firmly believe, at hand when a new cult will so sway mankind that in its lurid light Christianity will seem a failure. Anti christ will be its dianipion, and Satan his <nergi.<-er and inspirer. Woe to him then who has abandoned the old landmarks,-aud drifted away into his toils !"" Mrs. Grimwood, the heroine of Manipur, has arrived in England and is staying with her sister at Howe. The Koyal Red Cros.*; has been bestowed on the lady, and by command she has visited the Queen at Windsor. Though the Red Cross is only a nurse's order there is np other in existence (not even th« V.C.-ite«lf) which hns so good a right to be .called an " ord«-r of m«rit-' General Booth ha*- at length d«-finitely denied that he lent Mr. .Stead money to start the tttviiK of Review with. The only bond be twixt the salvation chief and the master of Mowbray House i? " the bond of sympathy in doing GodV work." " 1 nevfr," said G«neral Booth the ether day, "gave Mr. .Stead a penny." The new stories by the author of "Mdllo. life"' are v-ry slight and delicate, but tboronghJy .-.rustic in tone and execution. The *" Hotel I)'Angletflrre," the longest, tells a dainty love talo without much plot perhaps. yet full of subtle character drawing and effective contrast. The little book is well worth a shillinp. The story of Kudvard Kii*ling?s illne->5 is wholly untrue. On Monday last, at any rat**, he was well and busy arranging a trip to the States. Kijilingi- new volume of stories con sists of his contributions to tbe English maga zines in IRBSM*). The b*rt are *' Th*« Man W ho Was," •'>*amgay Doola," " Bimi," " Without lJonetit of Clergy,'ami "The Incarnation of Krishna Mu}TjU!'-y.~ Beatrice Kipling, mother of Rudyard, has written a nqvl called '• Tho Heart of a Maid," which is already out in .America and will be published in England by Macmillans. "Hartland's Heir" is the title of the new story which that "emancipated*1 danwl Metue Muriel Don ie will write for Bow Bells. Itcoinnitnces to run un July 3. I cant say I altogether like. Mi.-v Dowie's "Girl in the Karpathian?." She may be, as she tri-?s hard to convince the reader, an unsophisticaf *d child of nature I confess I cannot stand her o'partite*. They crop Tip on every page. Miss Dov. Ie n:ust be for ever puffing, ana a girl who Mnokefc may be virtuous, clever, and beautiful, but iv the words of Mr. Mantalini the's "deui nition nilgai.'' Additions to JJentley's green scries include Mihs Carey's "Mary St. John. ' Miss Brough t'jn's *" Ala*:" and Marie Corelh's gliastly liightnxarc "Wormwood."' Spencer Blackett announces 2-". «-ditions of Captain Andrew Haggard's "Ada TriscuU" and I'ljtvnw* Marryat"6 *' Scarlet Sin."' Would-be comic epitaphs arv st-Mom i>ar ticularly laughable, but occasionally on.- •cjm-r -upon a really ingenious devim.% «uvh a- the fallowing :— ttencatii Lliie sod an 4 under these tree* Uet ail lhat ie hit of Hinm Peace. He i? not here, it'« only hi* pod; Hit £oul ha* elielled out and gone 10 G >J. Th<\-- <3ec??ased"s wifo, however, had a pj-?;on for condenfation, and ran the foar lint— into on>- tbtD-ly:— Uere Ties thf |>od: the Peas are in heaven. Robert Buchanan~? elephantin'l atti?inpt to ridivule Ibs?enity in "Heredity," or, as it has now been christened, "The Gifted Lady, :I struck me as the dullest, heaviest pieue of fool ing I ever remember to have ?■>? on the stage. The plot is the plot of "Thy tjeriouh J'amily" and "The Colonel." Substitute the Ibsen craze for the. aesthetic craze, eliminate every trace of humor, and add an atmosphere of wliat tlit- author tails "colossal suburbanism"' and you have " The Gifted Lady."' MisH Fanny Brough vainly with an imi>ossible jiart, ac did W. H. Veraon. Miss JnliaKielfion and Mr. Fred Terry, the heading lady andHiej<vtu.prt.iu(r of the Hay market, ai?- engaged. No wonder Mr. Terrj-'s lo%« making in "TheiJancingGirl" teems fervently realistic. The season at Mr. Tree's theatre ends on the 2Ttb, wh«ai the company go into the provina* to fulfil their annual engagements in our six leading cities. The house will reopen in October, of coarse, with "The Dancing Girl.' These last, few months have- been as lucky to Mr. Alexander and Mr. Trt*? as they have been, disastrous to other managements. "La Cigata" teaches iv 330 th night at the Lyric Theatre to-morrow. Businuss at the English Opera is slack, and two novelties are in preparation. Two short one-act comedies ana a merry faroe of "The Critic" order called " A Pantomime Rehearsal were produced by Mr. George Edwardes at Terry a with marked Kuooese on Saturday evening. Whether such a mixed programme will draw in London re mains to be ?eea. Six guineas apiece is the price asked for a i-tall at Covent Garden on the night <?f the Ger man Emperor's visit, and such is the demand that although levee dress will be compulsory I*lo and £12 has already been paid. The pro gramme, as on the oocaaon of the Shah's " command," will be mixed, consisting probably of acte from "Lohengrin," "Der Mi-ieter eingw," and " Fauat." "Formosa" proved such a complete failure at Drury Lane that " Drink:; hae been put in re heareaJ, and will be produced on the 28th inst. with Charles Warner as Coopeau. At, soon as this pieoe is fairly eet going "The Sailor's Knot" will be got under weigh. The programme at Toole's Theatre ha« been further strengthened by a pantomimic version of " lei En l'arle Francais, in which "good old Johnny' plays Spriggins with a white face, « la Enfant Frodigue. The run is possibly a wee bit long drawn out (a common fault, by the way, of Mr. Toole's), but the idea itself is good. "Ibsen's Ghost" crowds the house to txtt_-s?> every night from 10 to 11. Mr. Henry Brodribb Irving, eldest son of the u-agedian, will make his professional debut in the revival of •• School," which is now being busily rehearsed at the Garrick Theatre. Mr. Gilbert Hare (son of Jno. Hare) and Sydney Brough («on of Lionel Brough) are alto in the caht. Miss Kate Rorke aspires to suctx-od Mrs. Bancroft as Naomi Tighe, and Hare himself" will of course recreate Beau Farinto&b.; Mr. Irving on dil will be en trusted with the important part of Jack Poyntz originally played by Mr. Bancroft. The run of " TneGondoliers," which was pro duced on December 7, 1889, has come to an end at the Savoy Theatre. The new pieue appears to jfive small satisfaction either to management «,r performers. It has been re-written and altered aud pulled all ways, but is still found wanting. The story of " The Rajah" deals •with the complications arising out of the love of a high caste Hindu for a low caste maiden, and is Gilbertian in treatment. It may in terest some of your readers to know the dates of the various productions at the Savoy during the last 10 years. The theatre was opened on Octpber 10,1881, with " Patience," brought out several months previously at the Opera Comique. This ran to November VS?, when " lolanthc'' was produced ; " Prinxjeaa lda :i in January, l«Wj "Tie Mikado* in March, 1865; " Ruddigore" in Janu ary, 1887; "The Yeomen of the Guard' in October, 18S8; and "The Gondoliers" in December, 1889, followed. The longest of these runs was "The Mikado's," and the shortest '* Ruddigore." Several revivals fol lowed the latter and preceded " The Yeomen." The 100 th performatiO? of " L'Eutant Prodigue T) has taken plane, when the house was, as usual, enunmed. The Princess of Wales and her daughters liave been four times to we tliis pretty pantomime, which takes a great hold on some imaginations. Others, curiously enough, lind it .dull, yawn umlis guisedly, and wonder what their enthusiastic neighbors tind no attractive. When "L'Knfant lVudigue'' i« done with Mr. Sedgur will put on another piece of the same description. 