A JOZI Cr ACTOR. Aosx? the well-remembered characters of my dramatic life (writes Joseph Jefferson in his reminiscences) was an actor named Salisbury. Life was such a huge joke to him that he once sent a telegram to Mr. Rice, of the Chicago Threatre, apply for an engagement. The manager sent back this answer : "I would not engage you if you would come for nothihg," to which Salisbury replied :-" Terms accepted. Will be with you to-morrow." This man's memory was so wonderful that it was almost impossible to ask him a question without getting a Shakspearian quota tion in reply. If he was imperfect in his part, which was generally the case, he would interpolate speeches from other characters, talking the most absurd nonsense, and turning a serious scene into ridicule. . . . One morn ing the poor old laundress was dunning him for her hard earnings. lie was standing at the stage door surrounded by :a circle of admirers, and, turning furiously upon the old woman, he paraplhrased .Macbeth's speech to the ghost of Banquo in the following words:-" Araunt, and quit my sight. Thy tubs are marrowless; there is no starch il n:y tine shirts that thou dost glare witilal. Approach thou like the Russian manager, the Ilyrcan critic, or the old rye whisky-us ; or, be alive agatn and make it salary day. If trembling, then, I do ilnhilbit thee, con fess ie but a babe of a Salisbury." The laundress fled in despair, only too glad to escape unpaid from the supposed lunatic. SavE Musty by senliing to Lincoln, Stuart and Co., Limited, 238 Flinders street, .Melbourne, the largest tailoring establi-lhnent in the city. They will pet to you free on application samples of tw eeds and instructions for self-measurement. A really good serviceable all - wool suit to meae-ure for 42. ; try them.-[AIvr.] Vl-triso CAP.os, is. per 100. or 7s. 6h. for 20'), at YEA CnHBOSICLc Otliee. Equal t, coptar-plate.---[ArTr.] istasc?IUalps who do not receire their papers regularly will oblige by communicat ing with us. 