WRITTEN IN RED; Ob, ihe; conspiracy in the north case a story of boston. Bi Chas. Moxtaqus im C. W. Dun. CHAPTER XV. — The Thing A DAEI Look. 'Come in, Kingman. You are prompt. I'm obliged to yon." Wednesday morning, and Detective Lamm at Urn threshold of his office was welcoming his friend the reporter. Yes, said Thomas, unaware of the peculia expression with which his associate regarded Jim. " Your note, left at the office, seemed to be urgent.' " You are right It was urgent. Sitdewn." _ John Lamm locked the door and put the tev an his pocket And standing with his back against it, said, seriously— "Thomas, I have always considered vou as an excellent detective. I have changed ml" Bund." " Well, what now r" asked Thomas, uneasily, glancing keenly at his friend, and thereafter avoiding his gaze. "This," said Lamm, measuring his words: the man who allows himself to be side tracked in an important case by a pretty face and a pair of blue eyes has a cardinal weakness that sooner or later is sure to tell against him in business." Thomas started, flushed, but controlled him- aelf. " Did you go clear to New York to find that but?" "I have not been to New York," said Lamm, quietly. " I have been here in Boston bard at work upon the latest and most curious feature of the North case." " Come." said Thomas, desperately. " say . in his day as excellent detective work as any- wofiy in the State, has at last fallen into the finare of the siren, and forgotten his duty. In Other jworda, he is in love with one of the gfiTirapRln. Insteadof arresting her he guards her. Whue the police are searching every where for her, he has her secretly hidden in Ins own house right under their very noses, and comes to his best friend with a coolness that might (if he were a little less wary) have turned his work on the case." " John, you presume on vour friendship,' ttid Thomas, hotly. He ha been nervously fingering his watch charm, and alternating between white and red, throughout Lamm's quiet speech, but he now started up and faced fixe detective squarely. 44 You have no right to assume that there is any sentiment in ttip matter. You go too far when you charge me frith letting my personal feelings run away with my sense of duty. You don't know what my Object was— is." Ah, but pardon me, Kingman; I assume that I do. If it had been in the ordinary course of your professional business, you would have come to me with it for advice or assistance, just as you have always done when we have asso ciated ourselves on a case before. There is only one reason why you didn't come ; you were more than afraid that I would never approve of 80 rash a proceeding on your part, and you were resolved upon taking the step at all hazards. In other words, Kingman, you were a little ashamed." Thomas had regained control of himself. He drew himself up. "See here, John Lamm, we will leave my motives out of the question, if you please. I have protected the girl. I propose to continue to do so. She was in a hard place — a harder one than you know anything about. I should have been less than a man if I had neglected to do what I did. To have given her up under the circumstances would have been the height of cruelty. You wouldn't have done it your self. Every bit of circumstantial evidence was overwhelmingly against her. I determined to conceal her till I could discover at least proofs of her innocence sufficient to prevent her from fixe ignominy of an arrest. Since you have die- covered the fact, there is no help for iL You mast aid me to keep the secret." "Only upon one condition, K»iffmnnr I must know all the facts." "And if T tell you everything, will you give me your word of honour not to use it against ser or ners r asked Thomas, with peculiar emphasis on the second pronoun. "But isn't that rather broad ?" Lamm heri tated. Thomas compressed his Hps tightly. " This girl has confessed everything to me, Lamm, and in return 1 have given her my word to do everything in my power to protect .her family, from disgrace. There's no way out of iL ioq must promise me." "What do yon mean t " demanded Lamm, Etendy. "Do von mean if I find that the murderer of Pan! North is in her family I am to keep it to myself ?" ""Decidedly not," said Thomas. "But yon must nave proof, not appearances." "Oh, certainly, > aaid Lamm. " I agree to Hangthe appearances in a . case. They are selaozn righL I use appearances only to -enable me to get at the facte. But once I get st the facts, Thomas, understand me, it will mate no difference whose family it is in." "Vmy well," said Thomas, "we under stand each other. 3ive me your hand on it." The two men shook hands over the compact, Ana sat down dose together -beside the de tective's desk. "In file first place," began Thomas, " it was bWIs North who threw fixe pistol into the water at Swampscott on Sunday night and fiifin fled from her home." «« I had guessed as much when I learned that Xtorth. a shooter had beeu found." At that time I hadn't the faintest idea tho the fugitive was, and when I recognised ber on the Connecticut roadside I was nearly as much astonished as she was frightened. The first thing I thought was that she must he guilty. All her actions — the "headlong, precipitate flight; her terror my appearance — all seemed to wear the look of criminality. She had fainted dead away, (mtehe Boon began to come to herself again. Thereupon Itied my home to a tree, and drew tierinfo the woods, ontofsigbtofpasseis-by. She was eo weak and emotional I believed her ripe for a confession. Lamm, I fully expected at that moment to be rewarded for my efforts by a tremendous discovery. But I tell you, as I looked at the poor thing— hardly a woman yet \- — Jyg there on the leaves, pale, speechless, frightened nearly out of her senses,! never felt BOHorry for anybody in my life." ' " know the fee(ing."said Lamm. " I've had : jt myself. But goon." \- i " Well, when she came to Ibegaii to talk to fttfc Of course there was a scene. She broke abwncompleteiy. an d at her first words I under. . istood what I ought to have had sense enough to ' tnveknbwntrom the first — that her terroTwasnot lOp frer own ncoount. 'Oh, don't let them -SMlshea by special anangeaaat with Mem. arrest h-rr : slit k. : t s»yi..g. r..-iT\ I '-f you ! She's crazy 1 SLc mutt be : bhe ucvr <n>u!<3 have done it iu her senses r " Oh, ho ! " exclaimed the detective. Sister Marion, eh r" " 4 Come. I said, 4 tell me the whole stoiy ; it's the quickest way out of it. And I give you my word cf honour I'll do what I can to help you.' But it was a long time before I was able to bring Li-r to the paint of trusting me. I don't know how it was exact'v, but she gradually— 1 "Fshdiv!'" mid Lmnm. " Don't embaros > yourself. Skin it. 1 know what happened as well us you tin. She was in deep distress. You were in earnest. She trusted you. Good. What wat her stoiy "r" "She didn't tell'me the whole story at that time." said Thomas. "I stopped her when I knew the essential facts, for 1 realised her danger and. incidentally my own. I impressed upon her site uetessityof obeying meimplicitly. I told her there was 'out one way to save either herself or 2ier sister, or both of them, from the ignominy of immediate arrest, and all the attendant scandal. Frightened to death almost, and shaking like a leaf, she acquiesced. I stowed ber as comfortably as I could in the bottom of tho carriage, and covered her with a rug. Overcome with exhaustion, she, I believe, actually slept all the way to Vernon. Outside the town I awoke her, made her get out, and told her to follow me at a distance, and to board the train that I took, but by no means to money to pufa3g«?E3rgaSeg"-" 4 Capital ! You are a shrewdone, Kingman. These precautions would never have occurred to another man." " Ah ! I knew, you see, tbat the whole police force must be on ber track by this time. As soon as she was missed from Swampscott, I knew they would be in full chase, and she, in her innocence, had left a trail as plain as the milky way." 44 Of course," aaid Detective Lamm, signi ficantly. "And so.' Thomas continued, 44 1 laid my plans accordingly. We rode to Boston sepa rately, and she" followed me on foot on the other side of the street to my house. She was whiter than death when she came in ; but if you know my mother you can imagine the reception she got. Five miuates' explanation to my mother was sufficient. She opened ber arms tc the fugitive, and Stella North has been under hor charge ever since." 44 Ah! and you, of course, got the whole story from the girl 44 That night. There is no question about her frankness or ber honesty. If you could talk with her ten minutes you would be assured of that." 44 Undoubtedly. And now for the facts. What are they r" 44 Well, Lamm," said Thomas, " there are two sets of facts— the immediate and the re mote. Whether the remote have any relation to the immediate I cannot tell. Nevertheless, you shall hear them first. To go back to Richard Fetridge — " 44 Of course," said Lamm 44 Everything in the case seems to have a peculiar trick of going back to him." 44 Still, I am unable to say that he has any connection with this murder, Lamm. It's a mystexy, old man, as you. will soon see. Stella merely corroborates the facts that I have told you already about Fetridge's connection with the familv. It was just es I said ; he was in love with Marion, but how far they went, whether they were actually engaged or not, nobody knows: not even Stella, for the fact comes out that Marion is a very peculiar woman." 4 Peculiar ? Do you mean eccentric ?" 44 Well, eccentric, perhaps," said Thomas, doubtfully. 44 What 1 mean is that she is ex ceedingly self-willed and Belf-reliant ; that she is naturally secretive, dislikes to make con fidants, repels intercourse ou topics near to her, dislikes to be sympathised with, and is extremely sensitive about little things that ordinaxy people would pas3 unobserved. Exaggerate all these qualities to an unusual degree and you have the traits that make Marion Stackhouse peculiar. If you call such a character eccentric, she's eccentric. If you mean, however, the eccen tricity that is allied to monomania or insanity, I fail to find that she has ever exhibited any traces, questioned Stella very particularly on this mint— as to whether her sister was in the XSp3Sop«rament buWlTe nevEie w her to do anything without the possibility of a reason therefor." 44 J ust my idea of her exactly," said Lamm. "Anybody who has ever looked into the rest less eye of & maniac knows what it is. I have talked with Marion Stackhouse face to face. She is no more insane than 1 am." "I say this," continued Thomas, 44 to explain why it was that nobody knew whether Marion was really engaged to Fetridge. On account of , the opposition of Mr. North, it would have been a secret, any way, to some extent, but Stella never knew. She only knows that they were together a great deel, till one night they presumably quarrelled, for his visits ceased abruptly, and the next thing Stella knew, the engagement to Stackhouse was announced." 44 Wasn't this a marriage from, pique, then, such as we occasionally hear of?" 44 So I fancy, Lamm. Stella will not express her opinion to that effect, but I can 6ee that she thinks so. Well, now, as to Fetridge coming back into the family again since his return from Australia, it was just as we surmised, ostensibly to pay Stella some attentions ; but the girl de clares that he never spoke of love to her, though he had plenty of opportunity.' 44 Which indicates," said Lamm, quietly, 44 that Fetridge still came to see Marion, de spite her marriage to Stackhouse." 44 So it would seem; and that she regretted her hasty step in marrying too soon. Well, but this is only speculation. To go on with facts: Fetridge 's attentions to Stella were thoughtlessly received — the girl insists she has no other feeling for Liui than that of a pleasant acquaintance — but after his departure on his recent business trip, the purpose of which we can't determine, it came to her ears that there was a great deal of gossip about their associa tion. She determined to be more careful in the future. The day before the murder, Fetridge reappeared at the house. It would seem that the instant be got home he came to the North household. He began to lay out plans at once to go hither and you with the girl. But the poor thing's suspicions were aroused by her long month of reflection. She determined not to be made a catspaw of for any purpose, and at the first opportunity — having summoned up the necessary courage — she broached the tabooed subject to her sister." 44 What time of the day was this?" 44 It seems to have been about the middle of the afternoon. Marion was not feeling very well. £>ne was lying uown, ana Stella was sitting beside her with a fan. Marion intro duced Fetridge's name herself, making some inquiries about his visit of the previous even ing. Then Stella made so bold as to ask her advice, and finally told her what her suspicions were." 44 But you don't meau " 44 Simply that Fetridge pretended to pay attentions to berttitella) for the sake of appear ances, and that his real object was to be near 44 Whew! Knowing the woman, I can imagine the result." 44 Easily. Bat Stella was innocent enough. She merely intended to give her sister a well- meant warning. Marion received it as an in sult. It is a jealous lie,' she cries into the ears of the astonished Stella. ' 'Richard Fet ridge never meant to marry me ; never cared a feather for me. If yon had asked me 1 could have told yon so. Bat since you thought it better to play the spy on me, why, I'll prove it to you.' And, with a great emphasis ou the word prove, Bhe dashed out of the room." 44 This woman is curious. No doubt about iL Bat her conscience troubles her, and she's jealous of Fetridge. There's no other explana tion of this line ox conduct." 44 Ah, well," said Thomas, doubtfully, 44 if Marion had married Stackhouse purely from pique, and had been carrying on the hollow mockery for a whole year because she was too proud to betray what she suffered to any living soul, it seems that there might be enough inflammable material to her emotional nature to get up a good blaze at the first spark. Don't you think so ?" 44 Quite likely. It's logically put, anyhow. But about these pro6fs that Fetridge didn't care for her. I am anxious to know the nature of them. 44 So am I ; but unfortunately they dis appear from my story with this reference to them. Stella naturally supposed Marion went upstairs to get something. Imagine her surprise, five sunutes later, to eee her driving off in a carriage. In a short time the coachman came back. Mrs. Stackhouse, heeaid, had gone to Boston. Stella began to be exceedingly alarmed. What in the world could have occasioned this sudden freak die could not imagine. That her sister was terribly angry she saw, and the insane ideafiiat perhaps she intended to tell Richard Fetridge what had been, said drove the poor girl quite distracted. She followed Marion -to the city in the nexttrain, and searched every where r For her. It was after six when ehe zrived-and all the places of - buanen ere closed. This circumstance only increased the girl's alarm. She began to have what she calls a proanntimnnt of evfl. There ' were threeplaoM in town whefe she thought her >istermigbt be — the hnn?e? cf thr.-e friends. One ox them w;is away out in Uoxbuiy. iihe male the rounds, exciting everywhere wonder and concern: but sie abruptly refused all efforts of escort. Ii was getting later and later all th ; time. Already it was dark, and the street lights were burning. Suddenly she remembered tbat Marion had the keys to tho house in Marlboro street. There was a b.ue possibility that she hail gouc th-re iu quest of the proofs she had so mysteriously mentioned. Stella set herself in that direction. It must hare been about half-past nine o'clock when she approached the place, aud saw—wliat do you trunk ? Marion Stackhouse coming down the steps !" The imperturbable John Lamm for once lost his o»fr fi'oitf. He sprang to his feet, and brought his hand down with a crash upon the top of his desk. 44 Good heavens !" he cried. 44 Aud all this time you have been concealing this from me!" CHAPTER XYL — Conspiracy ! 44 It is significant to you, then?" Thomas asked, uneasily, with a taint smile. 44 Oil, certainly not," returned John Lamm, sarcastically, "it doesn't mean anything. But don't delay. How did Marion act r What did she have to say for herself ?" The detective, instead cf resuming his seat, began to walk about the room with his hands returned Thomas. 44 That's just the trouble. She acted queer — queerer than Stella had ever seen her act in her life." "How queer?" 44 As the girl expresses ft, she seemed like a person walking in her Bleep. She spoke to Stella but in a mechanical way, as if her mind were quite elsewhere all the time. - They went back to the depot and rode out to Swampscott together." ' Do you mean to say that Marion expressed no surprise when she saw Stella in the street?" 44 Momentarily she seemed aroused, but as soon as Stella began to account for herself ehe relapsed into her 4 frozen condition again." 44 What a woman ehe is !" 44 She was not strong enough to conceal from her sister that something terrible had hap pened. She was so dazed aud unnatural that the young girl was frantic with apprehension." 44 Of course, this places it beyond a doubt that Marion had either killed her legal father or had seen him killed." 4 4 But, my dear Lamm, I can't entertain the first idea fox a minute. What possible motive could fixers be for her?" 44 It is to be determined simply by the fact of whether fixe girl was alone in the house that nighL" 44 Ah, precisely. That is what I am working to find ouL Well, Lamm, on fixe whole journey home, Marion Stackhouse had but two sentences to utter which seem to have any bearing upon the case. The first was when Stella made some mention of Stackhouse. 4 Never speak to me of that man again,' said Marion, fiercely- 4 He is not my husband.' And again, just before they got to the house, seizing her sister's wrist, 4 Stella, fiie whispered, 4 Do yon want to see me in my grave? Then never tell a living soul where I have been.' " 44 Thunder and guns! ejaculated Lamm. 44 That woman is the princess of mysteries. Doesn't it strike you a little peculiar that ehe should continue to assert that St&ckhouBe; is not her husband ? Mind you, she always puts it in that way. I have heard her say it myself. 4 He is not my husband.' Now, why shouldn't she say, 4 1 refuse to live with this man any longer, not for ever, 4 He is not my husband.' Wasn't the marriage public?" 44 To be sore it was. The marriage occurred in St. Paul's Church, in the presence of hundreds of people." Lamm came and placed his hand softly on the reporter's shoulder. iC You don1 1 imagine, Thomas," he questioned below his breath, 44 that she had been secretly married to this man Fetridge previous to his departure for Australia ?" 44 What an idea !" cried Thomas, amused. 44 You seeem anxious to give her a monomania on the marriage question. If married already to Fetridge what earthly reason could induce her to many Stackhouse ? It seems to me you have got a complication there not likely to arise dewmtbehind ' Ptto anythSg 1 ewa rue? with in alt my life before. But to go on. Ot course Stella is frightened to death by Marion's reference to the grave, end refrained from telling anybody where she had seen her, until you sot it out of her." 44 So you might know by the way things have gone on. She was scared enough that night, you may be sure, but the next day when fixe news came of the murder you can imagine the effect There seems to have been a great scene between the sisters. Stella came out horrified at Marion's calmness. Marion would tell her absolutely nothing ex cept such enigmatical sentences as these: 4 1 am not responsible. The affair is out of my hands. Justice will overtake fixe guilty. Let me alone. If yon betray me I shfil kill myself. You surely do not believe me capable tor any cause of killing a man who has taken the place of my own father. I loved Father North as well as you did. I could not have harmed him if I had hated him'— all of which was scarcely calculated to appease Stella's agony of apprehension. I- was not, however, till the young girl discovered tbat her 6ister was sleeping wiux her father's pistol under her pillow that she quite lost her head, and be lieved that Marion was really guilty." 44 Wliat ! The weapon that killed Panl Nortli ?" asked the detective, almost helpless with amazement. "Presumably, since she must have brought it with ber from the Marlboro street house the night of the murder, axxd one of its barrels had been recently discharged." "What a nerve that woman has!" mur mured the detective. 44 And how in the world did Stella make the discovery?" 44 I'll tell you, Lamm. It was in the middle of the night ou Saturday. The body of the mur dered man had been brought home, and it lay in the hall below stairs ready for the funeral. You can imagine the effect on this young girl, who is of an affectionate disposition, and whose life up to this time had beeu one merry smile. Everything goes to show that she was the petted darling of her father. Of course, however fond and proud anybody might have been of Marion, she was scarcely the person to be made a pet of. And with this awful cloud of horror and suspicion weighing upon her, Stella could not sleep. The ghost of the poisoned King of Denmark was no more real to Hamlet than was the spirit of her father, threatening with awful finger the per petrators of his woeful murder, to this young girl. Her fears for Marion under the weight of the night became absolutely appalling. Though not what is called a religious girl, Stella could no longer trust to any earthly aid. She resolved to go and pray by Marion's bedside." 44 Natural enough in this eighteen-year-old girl," commented the detective. 44 It was the last effort, you understand, to obtain contrition from the woman who had been impervious to the most piteous appeals, fixe most solemn entreaties. The poor girl went and found her sister's door unlocked. She approached the bedside. It seems that Marion was asleep, hut her sleep was light ; her dreams pexhaps troubled, for fixe sprang up suddenly with an awful cry and grasped Stella by the shoulders', demanding in a tone that nearly frightened her sister out of her senses, 4 What do yon want? What do yen want? She shook" her so that Stella made a frantic effort to get away. In the struggle the pillow was dragged from fixe bed end some thing beneath it fell with a crash. Marion by this time awoke to a realisation of her sur roundings. She sprang out of bed with a haste that could not escape Stella's observation, and picked up the something which had fallen. - 4 What is it?1 demands the startled Stella. 'Nothing, replies Marion. 'What is the matter, dear?' 4 Go bade to your bed audi will come to you.' But no. Affaira had readied a climax now where suspicion most either be allayed or confirmed. Marion was confused and dismayed by fixe sudden trans formation in her aster, and before she could regain control of herself the hand of the younger girl came in contact with the cold steel. 4 It is father's pistol, whispered Stella, in what state of mind you may imagine. 4 Don't deny it, Marion; you have been sleeping with it tader you.' 4 1 won't deny it,' said Marion, 'con siderably disturbed. 4 But why will yon in sanely insist upon knowing things which it i would be better for your peace of mind to . rem ainiznorantof ?" 44 And all this time it was quite dark in the room?'-' Lamm asked. "Absolutely. Stella's conclusion that Marion held her father's pistol was one of those in tuitive leaps at correct condnfions that are peculiar to women. And thereupon, almost crazy with terror, Stella - cries out, Yon killed him, Marion! Itwas-ourownhnnd. Dfcooiae, the moment QTe vnrda were out of. her lipe fixe waa penitent fqr'baving uttered them. Stella/ says Marion, tremblingly, -yonr- mad «w pidons are'adiscreet1©o yon suppose I could sleep in us house where fixe man who has given Vie all that I possess except life is lying dead, if the guilt of his death were at my door r A VjL axe yon fixe same girl who wtd to cudJlo dinm in my arms in the old days and tell lue that you loved nxe better than any one in the world except papa? Tell me, do yon re member what ( osre to this man woo was more than a father to me ? Have you for gotten who it was that nursed htm In his lost iiluc&s; because she couldn't bear to have a hired nurse profane him with unsympathetic Lauds ? Can you recall ever in my life a sirgle expression of ingratitude — 44 Bosh I" interruped the detective. 44 That is all very well for Stella, but for me it is necessary "to l»r ioM how the became jossessed of that pistol which u';ts supposed to be locked in Paul North's deek iu Marlboro street." 44 Uufortuxjatclj," returned Thomas un easily, 44 she neither explained nor apologised for lier conduct. Ycu know what women are. Stella's heart, which is not located far from the surface, was touched. She began to cry aud to plead for forgiveness. And then Marion forgave her ; but justas soon as Stella began to beg for an explanation the woman 6aid to her very coldly, 4 Go to your aunt, dear. What you want is somebody to drv your tears and soothe you. I am no comforter ux a time like this, and I certainly shall not tell you things which would only add to yoor worry and distress.' And she did go to ber aunt; not to make a confidante of Iter, but to beg for cousohbtion and sympathy." \- 44 And this scene between the girls ended in nothing, then?" repress her anxiety. She was usable to bdar the strain before her eyes the spectacle of the officers entering the house and dragging Marion off to prison. In view of all these facts, is there anything strange in her eventual action ? The funeral was scarcely over, and the family returned to the honse, when she hasted to Marion's room, took the revolver, and fled — a headlong, terror-stricken flight. Her first idea was to put the evidence of Marion's guilt out of sight. She threw it into the water, Utile thinking that I was watching her. She says that she had no clear idea what she was doing, or where she was going ; bat ehe had determined never to go back to the house. She felt that she could never faoe her si6tei again. In the train to Boston she be thought herself of some friends in Hartford, whereshehadoften visited, and had always been welcome. For that city she therefore setout, only to find that the house was closed, and her friends goue to the beach for the summer. By this time she was almost crazy from fright, lack of sleep and food, for she had been able neither to eat nor rest since the news of the murder. Heaven knows what would have be come of her if accident had not put me upon her trail ! Such is the story of Stella North ; and in view of it, John Lamm, I want to know if you blame me for what I have done ?" &&& 44 1 blame iou for only one thing, Thomas," said Larnnij earnestly; "and that was for being afraid to trust me with your secreL" 44 How did 1 know in what light you would view it?" returned the reporter, uneasily. 44 You are always so matter-of-fact and business-like. And, of course, I am perfectly aware that my present position is qnite the reverse of business- like." 44 Hang the position !" exclaimed John T.nTrtra 4 That's your affair. It's the in wardness of fixe North case that I'm looking after, and your story has given me a wonderfm push ahead." The detective took out his note-hook, dis figured with bis peculiar hieroglyphics, and began at once making additions, corrections, and reflections, quite as if the problem before hitp had been one in mathematics, and could ba proved by applying some of the advanced rules of the higher arithmetic. 44 Well," said Thomas, after he had watched him in silence for some minutes, 44 what is your theory ?" 44 None, Thomas," returned the detective, quickly. 44 What is yours?" 44 That Marion is trying to shield somebody from the results of a capital offence." 44 And that somebody is ?" 44 Either Fetridge or Stackhonse." 44 With a leaning towards " 44 Fetridge," said Thomas. 44 But I should to know which of the men went to the house tbat night, if either— before expressing any deep conviction." 44 Ah, quite so. And that Ipropose to asoer- What was the motive V" 1 44 Mv dear fellow," said Thomas, " that is just the mistake made by criminal theorists. But you and I know that the majority of murders are done without adequate motives. Few men in these days plot to kul. They kill when they are insane with ram or jealousy, or to defend themselves." 44 Yon emphasise that, I see !" 44 Because I have thought it right along," said the reporter. " The fact that the buQet must have been fired from a point lower down than an erect man naturally carties his hand leads me to believe that the murderer of Paul North was on his knees, ana it is logical to presume from that that he had been knocked Sown." 44 Clever !" said John Lamm, with genuine admiration. 44 Clever, and just like you, Thomas. Of course, we can think of hundreds of reasons why North mighthaveknockeddown his partner, whose advice had ruined him—for | North was steady enough before he came under Stackhouse'6 influence— or why he should have knocked down an importunate geutlenxan who might have been trying to deceive his daughter." 44 Precisely," agreed Thomas. 44 And then," said Lamm, slowly, 44 you throw the idea of a most deliberate and cunningly-laid conspiracy of murder for security and revenge cut of the question." 4i Conspiracy?" echoed Thomas. 44 Conspiracy !" said John Lamm. Thomas looked like a donbtful man who would be very glad to become coniinced. 44 Yes," said John Lamm in a tone of deep conviction, 44 1 am willing to stake my pro- | fes&ional; reputation at this stage of the case on the prediction that this murder of North Is a conspiracy— either for ruining Stackhouse or for revenge upon Paul North." | 44 And— the girl is in it?" murmured Thomas, apprehensively. 44 Certainly, the girl is in it. To be sure the girl is in iL You can't alter that fact to save your life. For good, bad, or indifferent pur poses— -Morion Stackhouse planned the game. Whose hand carried it oat I won't say at this time ; hut I am convinced of one thing — it originated in her mind." i 44 Why, John Lamm ? Why ? ' demanded Thomas, aghast. 44 Because I always look to the character of fixe person to correspond to the nature of the , crime. There is nobody else in this little coter'e : capable of originating a crime, so cunningly con ceived, so admirably executed." 44 What do you mean ?" 44 What do I mean!" echoed the detective. 44 Good heavens, Thomas, where are your eyes? Can't you see that in every step we have taken we have been baffled, misled, made fools .of? Do you imagine Paul North would have gone to his town house, shut up as it was for the summer, unless he had been enticed there? The writing of Stackhouse's name on' the wall proves con clusively to my mind that Stackhouse did notdo it. Why, how absurd it is ! The medical ex amination gives ISO secondsasalimit to North's life after he was shot. Do you suppose if Stackhonse had shot him he would have run j away before assuring himself that he was dead ? ; Would lie have let North write his name on the | wall ? If North had done it. wouldn't he have ; smeared it ont again? Why, of course he would. And in this name upon fixe wall is fixe animus of the whole matter. There we see the fangs and the teeth of the serpent — the bitter, deadly enmity that underlies fixe whole scheme. That the entire object was revenge upon Stackhouse I do not believe. It is too roondabont| and too dangerous a method of revenge ; but that the perpetrators of fixe deed hated that man — why, the fact is as clear as sunlight. Now, who hates Stackhouse ? Who on the day of the discovery of the crime drove Ixim from her side, from the house, knowing full well — nay, triumphantly welcoming the fact in eo many words— that such an act worna omy deepen the suspicion about him ? Who, with Paul North slive, was not free to meet the man she really loved ; and who, Paul North dead, and Stackhou e out of fixe way, might reunite herself with her guilty lover ? Who, for no cause but one that under such curcumBtances we can understand, flies into a passion of anger at the remonstrance of an innocent girl, and is so excited by the impending crime that she cannot keep herself away from fixe settle ?" "Stop! Don't goon!" Thk Shall Bot Tkt.ta the Tecth.— It is fixe small boy wbo usually tells things, and at fixe dinner table is his favourite theatre. A bright little fellow peered into fixe dish at fixe head of fixe table, and exclaimed. 44 What a Htfie chicken for so many people !" The com pany suxxeptxtxonmyvTOxd his mother endeavoured to' quiet him'. ' But he was .lite Banquo'sghoai. After they had all been helped and were ea&g;, his face suddenly St tip, and, dapping hte bandiy_he .shouted:-. Oh, yes, I know now mamma. -This is the ilttie chuxken that so long in the yard, ain't it!" 