THE SALVATION ARMY. The visit to Rockhampton of tho chief officer of the Salvation Army in Australia, accompanied by his second in command, has drawn attention a little more pointedly to that remarkable organisation. Although it is exactly thirty years since the Rev. William Booth, the founder of the Army, resigned his position as a regular minister of the Methodist Kew Connexion in order to engage wholly in evangelistic work, and twenty-six years since the Army was first started, yet it is not above fifteen years since it became known outside tho immediate part of London to which its operations were then confined, while its great advance in every part of the British dominions, and many foreign countries beside, dates not more than ten years back. There waa a day of small things with the Army, as with all other organisa tions which have risen to positions of groat influence, and its success is largely due to the patient, open-minded way in which its founder built it up from a very obscure beginning. General Booth, to give him the prefix by which, now, he is univers- ally known, did not take that title from the first. Indeed the resolution to form the con- stitution of the new body on a military model was not arrived at till some time alter its formal establishment, and then it was worked out only in a partial way. Experience showed that this method of government promised far better results than any other, and gradually the regulations conformed closer and closer to the pattern selected, until now the constitu- tion and laws of the army are as complete and direct as those of any of the groat armies of the world, with one material distinction-the element of caste is excluded. The discipline of the Army is strict, and its rule as perfect a despotism as could be named, but throughout there runs the bond of a common brotherhood which, so far at any rate, has prevented the growth of that exclusiveness which is the peculiar product of all autocratic forms of government. The great advantage of military uw is that it is simple, direct, and prompt in its action. Where the word of one man is law there can be no delay, unless the ruler is vacillating ; and further, as the opinions and policy of the autocrat get known there is little doubt as to what course he will follow in most emergencies. Everything depends on tho leader ; if ho is one born to command, up- right, and full of knowledge and enthusiasm in his work, then the system which invests him with the fullest power will yield far greater results than any representative rule, whero decisions are generally the outcome of conflict and compromise. General Booth possesses fully the great gift of governing, and so long as he is able with undiminished power to direct the Army -it may be expected to increase marvellously. Its first great danger will come with the death or retirement of the General. By the constitution he has the power of nominating his successor, and in fact must have a sealed nomination at all times lying with the law officers of the Army. But the capacity to rule is not always joined with the power to select a great ruler - Cromwell left his power to a weakling who held it only five months-and further it is not improbable that none such may offer-great administrators seldom follow one another in quick succession. Tho point, however, need not be persued further-at present General Booth is supreme, and how fully he controls his Army is seen from two incidents of recent occurence. Not long ago Commissioner Coombs, the head of the Army in Australia, received a cablegram from the General "Send Burfoot Africa Erisoners," meaning that an officer named urfoot was to proceed at once to South Africa to take up prison gate work. The same day the Commissioner wired Barfoot " Von are wanted Africa, will you go ?" And in less than a month that officer, his wife and family were on their way. Even quicker work was done by another officer. The General had wired the Commissioner desiring that a certain officer should proceed at once to Canada; but the Commissioner having special work for that man, replied suggesting another. This was at once accepted, and in three days the officer was on his way. The same prompt orders and unquestioning obedi- ence obtain all through the Army. The General is supreme, next to him are a number of Com* missioners who each rule over a great territory -there is one in Australia, and another in Canada-and through whom he delivers his orders. The country committed to each Commissioner is split up into divisions placed under the charge of a colonel, and these again into districts under a major, and so down to a single corps under a captain, such as we have in Rockhampton. The Commissioner rules through his colonels, and these again through their majors, and thus authority is exercised and submitted to in turn by all. In Aus- tralia-Tasmania is included, but not New Zealand-there are over 1000 officers, 17,000 soldiers, and 80,000 adherents. The officers give their whole service to the army, are paid by it, and in fact are analogous to the clergy of other religious bodies. The soldiers are identical with the members of other churches, and the adherents are those who look upon the army as their church, and more or less regularly attend its services, although they have never formally joined it. In claiming the complete service of their officers the army only follows the practice of all the churches ; but in demanding work from the soldiers it breaks new ground. No doubt the members of the various churches are asked to assist in the work, and a few do so; but in the Army the soldiers arc ex- pected to take part in the services, and to very actively assist in the propaganda, and this it must be acknowledged they generally do with great energy. The circulation of the War Cry, the Army organ, is a proof of this -in Australia alone, over 100,000 copies arc sold every week, in addition to 25,000 copies of each issue of a monthly journal. It is ouly by the active canvassing of the soldiers that Blich a circulation is Becured. All thc churches have a papor devoted to their Bpccial interests, but in which one do the members stand regularly in the streets, and offer it for salo ? This great circulation of the War Cry not only Ulereases enormously the influence of thc Army, hut adds largely to its funds. The officers are recruited from the soldiers. Gcnorally they volunteer for thc work, and anyone doing so must, at thc time at any rate, bo genuinely anxious to further thc Army cause, for thc salaries offered would tempt nobody. A great deal of caro ÍB exercised in the selection of applicants. Strict inquiry is modo aa to character, a medical certificate of health demanded, some acquaintance with the Army's work and discipline required, and evidence of earnestness and capacity asked. If all these are forthcoming then the applicant is accepted, and despatched to a training home where he spends from three to six months ; not till tuen is he allowed to lead any meeting, und for a time only under the supervision of some officer of experience. In doctrinal matters thc Army aims above all at simplicity. It pays little attention to thc Queen of thc sciences-theology, and refuses distinctly to take part in thc great controversies which have divided thc churches, and engaged thc whole powers of learned divines. Festivals, as such, itdoeB not recognise Christmas and Good Friday arc taken advantage of, being holidays, to hold special meetings, but equally so arc holidays granted for raco moetings. Sacra- ments also are unknown bi tho Army. Neither the sprinkling with or immersing in water, or tho breaking of bread or drinking wine arc believed to be euentUl to salvation, which fe the one object of the Anny; people, they believe, may be saved who nave neither had the one rite adminis- tered, or taken part in the other, and so these are put aside altogether. To the sacrament of oommunion there ls a prac- tical objection of great weight in the Army. A large proportion of the soldiers have been greatly addicted to drink, and if wine, even unf ermentod, wore placed before them it is pro- bable the old appetite would be roused afresh. The observance of Sunday is, however, a point of union with the churches, the Army acknowledging the separateness of.that day. But it is unnecessary to touch further on these points, as in the following paragraphs are formally set out the principal doctrines held and taught by the Army. PRINCIPAL DOCTRINES. 1\. We believe that the Scriptures were given by inspiration of God, and that they contain the Divine rule of faith and practice. 2\. We believe there is only one God, who is the Creator, Preserver, and Governor of all things, and that He is the only proper object of religious worship. 3\. We believe that there are three persons in the Godhead-the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. 4\. We believe that in the person of Jesus Christ the Divine and human natures are united, so that He is truly and properly God, and truly and properly man. 6\. We believe that our (first parents were created in a state of innocency, but that by their disobedience they lost their purity and happiness ; and that, in consequence of their fall, all men have become sinners, totally de- praved, and as such are justly exposed to the wrath of God. 6\. We believe that the Lord Jesus Christ has, by His suffering and death, made an atonement for the whole world, so that who- soever will may be saved. 7\. We believe that repentance towards God, faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and being converted by the Holy Spirit, are necessary to Salvation. 8\. We believe that we are saved by grace, through faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and that he that bolieveth hath the witness of it in himself. 9\. We believe the Scriptures teach that not only does continuance in the favour of God depend upon continued faith in, and obedience to, Christ, but that it is possible for those who have been truly converted to fall away and be eternally lost. 10\. We believe that it is the privilege of all believers to be " wholly sanctified," and that " their whole spirit and soul and body " may " be prepared blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ" That is to say, we believe that after conversion there remain in the heart of the believer indications to evil, or roots of bitterness, which, unless over- powered by Divine grace, produce actual sin ; but that these evil tendencies can be entirely taken away by the Spirit of God, and the whole heartj thus cleansed from anything contrary to the will of God, or entirely sanctified, will then produce the fruit of the Spirit only. And we believe that persons thus entirely sanctified may, by the power of God, be kept unblamable and unreprovable before Him. 11\. We believe in the immortality of the soul ; in the resurrection of the body ; in the general judgment at the end of the world ; in the eternal happiness of the righteous ; and in the everlasting punishment of the wicked. If the doctrines of the Army are neither numerous nor involved, the declarations it demands from its soldiers, when they are enrolled, are searching enough. Before the name of any person is entered on the roll he must consider and sign the articles of war, and with a copy of these this short sketch may be fitly concluded. ARTICLES or WAS. 1\. Having received with all my heart the Salvation offered to me by the tender mercy of Jehovah, I do here and now publicly acknowledge God to be my Father and King, Jesus Christ to be my Saviour, and tho Holy ¡ Spirit to be my Guide, Comforter, and Strength ; and that I will, by His help, love, serve, worship, and obey this glorious God through all time and through all eternity. 2\. Believing solemnly that the Salvation Army has been created by God, and is sus- tained and directed by Him, I do here declare my full determination, by God's help to be a i true Soldier of the Army till I die. 3\. I do here, and now, and for ever, re- nounce the world with all its sinful pleasures, companionships, treasures, and objects, and declare my full determination boldly to show myself a Soldier of Jesus Christ in all places and companies ; no matter what I may have to suffer, do, or lose, by so doing. 4\. I do here and now declare that I will abstain from the use of all intoxicating liquors, and also from the habitual use of opium, laudanum, morphia, and all other baneful drugs, except when in illness such drugs shall be ordered for me by a doctor. 5\. Ido here aud now declare that I will abstain from the use of all low or profane language ; from the taking of the name of God in vain: and from taking part in any unclean conversation or the reading of any obscene book or paper at any time, in any company, or in any place. 0\. I do here declare that I will not allow myself in any falsehood, deceitfulness, mis- representation, or dishonesty ; neither will I practise any fraudulent conduct, either in my business, my home, or in any other relation in which I may stand to my fellow-men, but that I will deal truthfully, fairly, honourably, and kindly with all those who may employ mo or whom I may myself employ. 7\. I do here doclare that I will never treat any woman, child, or other person, whose life, comfort, or happiness may be placed within my power, in an oppressive, cruel, or cowardly manner, but that I will protect such from evil and danger so far as I can, and pro- mote, to the utmost of my ability, their present welfare and external salvation. 8\. I do here declare that I will spend all the time, strength, money, and influence I can in supporting and carrying on this War, and thatTwill endeavour to lead my family, friends, neighbours, and all others whom I can influence, to do the same, believing that the sure and only way to remedy all the evils in the world is by bringing men to submit themselves to the govcrnmont of the Lord Jesus Christ. 9\. I do here declare that I will always obey the lawful orders of my Officers, and" that I will carry out to thc utmost of my power all the Orders and Regulations of Tho Army ; and further, that I will be an example of faithfulness to its principles, advance to the utmost of my ability its operations, and never allow, where I can prevent it, any injury to its interests or hindrance to its success. 10\. And I do herc and now call upon all present to witness that I enter into this under- taking of my own free will, feeling that the love of Christ who died to BSVC mc requires from me this devotion of my life to His service for the Salvation of the whole world. Ayer's Pills are the best cathartic for correcting irregularities of thc stomach ami bowels. Gentle, yet thorough in their action, they cure constipation, stimulate tho appetite and digestive organs, and strengthen the system.-ADVT. Tho output of sugar shows up well, says the Mackay Mercury. During the last six months up to December 31st 16,177 tons IC cwt. of sugar left this port, This amount was valued at £275,582, or about £16 10s. a ton. For the year tho total sugar sent away was 18.922 tons 13cwt, valued at £320,600, a vory respectable output for a single industry. This, of course, docs not take into consideration the sugar which passed into local consumption, thc amount ot which cannot readily bc ascer- tained. It is noteworthy thc value af thc sugar exported this year is considerably in exccBsof that of 1889. To sturt tho new year well-drink only Hardy's Adelaide Wines.-ADVT. If you want a prosperous 1891 drink only Hardy's Adelaide Wines.-ADVT. Hardy's Adelaide Winos. From Miller and M'Grath and W. F. Waltou and Co. ADVT. 