ROUMANIAN-SUPERSTITIONS. Tho Nouvelle J}evue lontaina nn interesting article descriptivo of tho pecubjr boh'efs and practices of tho .Roumanian peasantry on the subject of tho super- natural. At this (imo of day, ns tho writer regret- fully remarks, it is useless to look for tho superstitious any moro than for any other form of tho picturesquo n tho streets of Bucharest. Tho Roumanian citadin s just liko his follow-coitnoy all tho world over : ho woora tho orthodox costume of Wostorn Europo ; and hat being so, it is idlo' to expect to discover moro hnn tho very smallcsty remnants of his ances- tral ideas under tho ! abomination of civilisa- tion-tho Btovo-pipo hat Bat tho Roumanian peasant, tho Optnear, thç man who livos his lifo botweou tho Carpathians aid tho Lower Danube, is still vory much what his forofalhors wore before him. His imagination has not boos'coloured a neat uiuform drab by tho brush of inodoro progross, and ho is still refreshingly behindhand int tho rnco for a completo' coating of that melancholy|aionocaroino. From tho eradlo to the grava tho Roumanian peasant is escorted by a host of popular practice meant to shield him from tho malefic influence! of the ovil spirits of tho unseen world. |0f those thoro aro no lack, for Salvonic superstitions oro minglod in Roumnuta with survivals of tdassic mythology which havo boon inherited by tho fescondants of Trajan's legionarios from their Romanscd ancestors. Cen- turies of Christianity havo notbeon able to obliterate altogether tho marka of tho Ronan eagle's claw, and tho demigods and nymphs of Grtoco-Romau legend linger yot under tho sholteringshadotv of tho Carpa- thians. I Thus, when a child is horn, |(ho father nnd motüor invariably turn thoir oyos anxiqtsly in tho direction of tho window. For behind thatiaro lurking tho thrco invisible Spiunors, tilo Uzitoarcruho aro weaving tho wob of tho infant's destiny, tho lineal descendants of tho Parcio of classic mythology,.1 JJeforo tho child is christonod lt has to play its jxrt in tho important ceremony of tho first bali. This is ad- ministered to tho child in tho allnt or coptic, a woodon vossel which Bcrvos alike for) bath and cradle, not to mention, numerous other, domestic purpose*. Tho babo's godmother performs tio ablutions at hor ownhouso, whithor tho child ii carried; together" with a prosent of sugar and coifeoV If it is a boy tho godmother must pour into the liath a symbolical mixturo of corn, wine, and honoy j and in tho caso of a girl samo feathers from a dova'i wing and soma petals of a roso toko tho placo .ty tho wino. Tho leathers and roso leaves form a pntty prayor to tho Thrco Spinners that tho girl's foo'btcps through lifo may bo ooft as down, and hor faa fair ns tho roso in blossom. If you desire to rds] in tho book of destiny tho friture of your oflipring you may Erovo a boy's character much '¡ii Portia proved or lovers'. P/csont tho child witbji loaf, a rod, und a book. If ho takes tho bread hairill bo a man of common senso mid practical knowlonjo of tho world ; if tho rod, ho will bo a no'or-do-wo!l; if tho book, he will grow up to bo a groat scholar. S Lavo arid marriago, liko birth and,lo,ith, havo over been fruitful themes for tho oxcrtiso of popular superstition in nil countries. In Rinmania, as elso whoro, tho moon is tho maidon's cliisf confidante in affairs of tho hoirt. A. properly oWtitutcd Rou- manian damsel will on no account ornitto hail tho now moon with tho following invocation New Queen ! In health thou bast 1'ouud mo ; n health leave mo. Thou hast found mo unwed iloiivo mo with a handsome husband at my sido." Tins they invoke Siana, tho moon-goddosSj as their nn'çsstors, | doubt- less, invoked her centuries ago. Nphor will tho Kimo maiden forget, wííon tho month o! March comos roundj to suspend from hor nock orthor wrist tho martsxehnr, n silver coin, which, in April, will 1M care- fully hung upon a roso bank while its bvnor drinks a draught of milk. In this way she (rill mfaUibly obtain a complexion of tho most exempts pink and white. Having thus secured a share ai beauty, the next thiner is to turn it ta account in co market of matrimony. If oar maiden lacks tho coirago or tho opportunity to follow tho clussio traditim, go to tho forest by moonlight, and thoro, strippedT hor cloth- ing, to look for tho faco of her futur in ilho watcra of tho spring, she may yot obtain a'sigbj of him in hor droams if she will placo a sprig ot bisil beneath her pillow on tho night of tho Epiphany It is also' an oxcellont thing for a giri who is m haslo to wed to wear basil in hor hair or nor corsage, thtitjkorb having traditionally tho attraction of a mayfly foi a trout for every woll-rogulatod Roumanian youth. IShould sho desire to know whether sho will wed! within tho year, lot hor go by night to tho gardon helge, choose m tho dark two neighbouring branchosi nud bind thom together with a ribbon. Rotiiraiig in tho morning sho will examino them, nnd if slit finds that she has bound tho branches of two sépante bushes hor desire will bo accomplished ; but if, unfortu- nately, they both spring from tho samo rojt thpn no wiso woman in all Roumam'a can tell < har how long she will havo to remain unwed. Wlion »io is dofl nitoly eugogod sho presents her fiance with hu- sash as a formal acknowledgment of tho bctrotkil ; and1 should sho bo so lucky as to hoar a dove too, or u cuckoo sing (upon her right sido-not hor lott), thor, all is bound to go welt with tho pair. But if tho betrothed pair would live long to enjoy oacl other's society, lat them take caro on tho day they nremarried: not to cross another wedding party coming out of church ; for if they do either brido or bridegroom willi dio boforo tho your is out. These precaution! hoing takon, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts, and other uncanny otnor-world creatures, aro nlontiful in Roumam'a, and as various ns plentiful. Ttcro aro tho Strigol, ovil spirits who will make their wiy into the house on St. Andrew's night unless you rub your doors and windows with garlic, tho smell of which thoso spirits cannot abide. Thero aro tho .Virai, or spirits of unbaptised children, who cry fot their mothers' breasts, and will not bo appoascd uuU their little graves have boon sprinkled with holy waer for sovonyears. Mostfcarsomoof nil is tho Vampir«, who leaves tho tomb by night, and wnndoia till cockrow, working evil to men. But tho spirit of tho daiurted will rest unvoxod provided that his collin cortain a comb, a picco of soap, mid above all, tho classic oho), tho wago of tho Infernal Perryman. Pot the, Roumauia peasant still pays the burial fee to Chiron, 