The Unanswered Letter. IT was Christmas Eve, ail odd night to choose, perhaps, and yet all the more because it was Christmas Eve, and that a sad circumstance had caused Mary Vivian to spend it alone, she had undertaken the task of looking through Mr. Vivian's old papers. Every other year, for almost us long as she could remember, she had passed the evening 1 with some intimate friends, but her father's death within the last few mouths had compelled her to break through the annual custom, and she had been glad of any employment to distract her thoughts from sad memories.- The season, welcomed in so many homes, was a dreary one for her. She would be glad when it was over, and the festive sights and sounds ceased to remind her the more of her own loneliness, as contrasted with the happier lot of others, yet she knew she bad much cause for thankfulness remaining. Her father's death did not involve the lbss of home or income.' She was free-to remain in her native place, surrounded by the friends of her girlhood, and the associations of her youth. The firelight played upon the cheerful walls and quaint, old-fashioned furniture, and upon Mary's fair head and black gown: ' She was beginning to feel tired of her work, although she had welcomed it as a relief from melancholy retrospect. , 'Ifancy l must have nearly finished," she thought. . She had looked through bundle after bundle of old papers, neatly folded within elastic bands, preserving some, destroying others, -without finding much to excite interest. There was nothing romantic connected with them; very little, indeed, which seemed worthy of being saved from the blazing pile in front of her. She had known pretty well the contents of those packets before she had commenced her work. There were very few letters amongst them, and those not family ones; all those, at? knew, must be looked for elsewhere. Here'and there Bhe came across a paper that caused a smile, or a sigh, and now and again she laid one aside for preservation. Mary came to the last bundle. '• I really think I might venture to throw these in as they are. I believe they are old bills, every one of them," Bhe said to herself. . She held the packet irresolutely over the flames,and in another second it would have fallen into the red heart of the fire,- when with the thought that ' what's worth doing at all is worth doing well,' she drew back her hand and recommenced her task. It seemed as if after all the documents were to have a very brief respite from the flames, as one by one they were sent after their companions to their end. At that moment the ringers in the church tower commenced their Christmas chime. Aldersleigh possessed the finest peal for many a mile around, and the sweet music of the old bells, mellowed by time, stole. into the quiet room. She paused to listen, the last few papers still held in her hand : Old memories seemed to float in with - the sound of the bells ; visions of her lost girlhood ; ghosts of old loves and friendships, and dispelled illusions; thoughts of her kind absent- minded old father, and of her only sister, married to an officer in India. The fingers paused, and Mary awoke to the fact that she was sitting, still holding in her hand the last of her father's old papers. Two or three more were tossed into the flames, when one different to the rest, attracted her attention, and rivetted her eyes in surprise. It was a letter, not only directed, but re- directed, to herself. A letter, moreover, which had never been opened, and which bore a postmark of 20 years ago. The re-direction—to Thorseby Hall— was in her father's well-known : hand, but the original address was written in anyther caligraphy, one not so familiar, and yet surely not quite strange. She looked at it for a moment in doubt, and as Bhe did so her heart almost stood still,' as the conviction flashed across her of her long-ago correspondent's identity. Could she be mistaken ? No, she was not! It was the handwriting of the only man for whom she had ever, cared sufficiently to have married—and, who had never asked her. She did v not open • the letter immediately, even now. Perhaps it may seem strange that she did not hasten to do so, instead of Bitting motionless, with her eyes fixed upon, her old lover's writing. I rfeally think she was a little afraid to ascertain the contents. At lastsheiroused'.herself, with an effdrtj'ariol broke the Veal, for it had been written in days when people UBed seals much more commonly; than, at present.,>, Letters, it is' said, are for two people only. I do not know whether I accept the diefchm as a general rule, bnt I think it is a very fair one as regards such an epistle aa.a certain Lieutenant Vincent, of the Life Guards Blue, had written in the year, 1862, and. which had only, rea&& thfe t6' Whom it was ad dressed, twenty years later. But, though I will not give you the contents of Miss Vivian's letter, I will tell you of the curiouB way in which she acted when she emerged from the confeelings, into which; she was for along time after the peruBal of its contents. Well, first of all, she carefully locked the door, and then proceeded to light every available candle, which she .placed upon the high, oldfashioned. mantel piece,' until quit® » blaze of light fell upon the mirror which .A hung over it. She then went to the table, and drew out of the album certain phbtjgp^li, wbichj. she carried back witfi her to the chimney-piece, and compared the likeness, feature by featurvw^lh the raflecjjion in Uu^glitss. It waS an odd proceeding in a '-woman who had never been vain, and who had probably never studied her appearance so earnestly before - Apparently the inspec- tion was unsatisfacloty, and with an impatient sigh and a feeling of half contempt at herself, she blew oot the extra lights and restored the room to its normal aspect. But people are not the best judges of their owp looks, and there were those, though perhaps they were biassed by their affection, who declared that Mary Vivian was a far handsomer woman-in- her maturity than.she had ever been in her early girlhood; and really, looking over her shoulder at the young lady in the large crinoline, with her hair worn iu the artistic style prevalent in 1862, on^which she had gased so wistfully, I am not so sure they wen wrong. At isll events, she was istill an eminently graceful' woman, sand, thanks to the pretty and youthful style of the period, looked still young. * *•••„# •. * ' * • The great festival was ushered in with what old- faBbioned people call ' seasonable weather." There had been a frpsli fall of snow in the night, and it lay, pure and unsullied, under the brilliant sunshine. It was really almost an ideal Christmas Day. Mary Vivian sat alone in the corner of the pew. The wreaths of holly and ivy, twined round the grand old Norman pillars, the Christmas roses on the alter and font, the cheerful faces of friends and neighbours, which would have gladdened her heart under other circumstances, only seemed to intensify her loneliness, and make ber yearn more earnestly for' the touch of a vanished hand, and the. touch of a voice that is still.' Even last nightfa discovery, bringing with it the knowledge that Frank Vincent had not, as she supposed, played fast and loose with her yeara ago, that all the humiliation was taken out of that weary episode, gave, doubtful comfort, saddled with the conviction that the dis coveiy was made too late. Her abBent-minded father had altered irrevocably, the course of two lives when he had deposited the letter, which he had re-directed so carefully, away among his receipted bills. If hehad only posted it I If Lieutenant Vincent had only inquired the reason he had received no reply ! Ah mel the «ifs' of life, how they mould and shape our destinies altogether. Ab poor Mary turned over all thefee things in her mind, instead of attending, as she ought to have done, to the Vicar's sermon, she almost persuaded herself that she felt sorry, that the calm and content of so many years had ibeen ruffled by this laee discovery. She was feeling strangely unlike herbelf, carried back, as she was, into a conflict of emotions and vain regrets, and half-forgotton desires. She walked briskly home, trying hard to rouse herself, and put all these old dreams aside, She had promised to spend the day with a childless couple, old friends, whose kindly invitation she had no excuse for refusing; but they lived at some distance, and she repaired home previous to making a fresh start for their house. -She etood before ber -dining-room fire, warming herself before turning out again in the snow, when a loud peal at the hall bell interrupted her thoughts, and in a' few moments the Bound ot someone being admitted was followed ,by the mud throwing open the door, and the announcement—* Major Vincent.' She had met her. old lover many times. at intervals in the intervening years, and had learnt to do so without displaying any . emotion, but this was a very different. The careful schooling of many years failed her now, and for a moment the room seemed to swim round, and then with a violent effort she mastered herself sufficiently to advance a step and take the offered hand. How bewildered you look,' said the Major, when the first greetings were over ;' but of course youdid not know I was here. Mrs. Farquhar aaked me to call round for you. I think she was rather afraid you would disappoint her.' Yes,' answered -Mary mechanically. But you do mean to come, £ hope,' said he, kindly. Oh yeB, thank you,' she replied, hying hard to Bpeak naturally. ' It is very good of you"to have taken the trouble to call.' Her voice Sounded strained and odd in her own ears, and hear face flushed nervously. She felt perfectly enraged with herself for her foolishness, but that did not help to mend matters at all. 'How well you're looking, Mary," cried the. unconscious soldier, 'and I heard such deplorable aocount of you from Farquhar and Iub wife; the nursing, they said, had knocked you up so much.' It did at the time,' she returned briefly. It has been a sad loss for you. Dear old man! How sony l was when I heard of it; bat he was a great age.' ' Forty-five,' affirmed Mary. Now this was the Major's own age. 'Forty-five!' cried fie. 'My dear Mary, what are yon thinking of?' What, indeed,' returned she, in dire confusion ; 'I mean seventy - five. Frank.' ' Forty-five is my age,' remarked the Major, simply; bnt this little remark did not make Mary feel any more oomfortable. Certainly, she was not only feeling, but looking, very unlike her usual calm self. She seemed to her old lover to avoid meeting his gaee. Eveiy moment her oolour heightened, her manner became more nervous, her answers more at random. 'She Is strangely unlike herself today. 1 thought he. "I have not seen her look like this since ' And. the Major found his thoughts travelling backward to the days of his youth, to the day when he had sjjent many anxious hours over a. certain letter, and waited feverishly for the reply which never came, mi stubborn pride had not let him inquire the cause,-ao sorely had he been wounded by what he had oon^idered her contemptuous silence. Time had laid his healing hand upon this wound, and he had forgiven the affront. Now, for the first time, a doubt stole over him, and set bis middle- aged h^art beating as it had not done for tnkny a long f*»r !' What if hfRM*! ir after was a very sweet-looking woman, marvellously little alterecl,,oay, 'just now, oi»b might have said not altered at all. Why liad-'fihe-kept ^single?all-, these years ? that it was her Own ifault he wbll knewl" ~ * *"* • iThe Major was wont to declare to his 1e afterwards that-he never knew at possessed him to break bis obstinate resolution, kept through so many years, and put the question, much as if " e event had, bqpp one of yesterd Tli " t ipflg ag{>-ff jiei be not answer my letter ?' She lifted her eyes, bravely enough now,;and loo%ed Jiim fuljin, the-face. ., j. Because I only rebeivfed it yesterday^' ! said she. , ?1 Then answer ! it *dt4' oped he,'going straight to the point, and wasting no words in asking for the key to the mystery;' Perhfcffe' he ' dread something' in the uplifted eyes that told him he need not fear the answer;' • So Mary answered the letter then and there, while from the old balfqr;]the!': happy Christmas bells rang out afresh, across the snowy landeffipe.: ;;; y j • # * Major Vincent audi Mary agreed to >ep the secret of the unanswered letter to themselves/ but made a few exceptions in favour of intimate friends. But a secret ehonld^etoldtp'Bpp^^ or it ceases to be one. who could be expeoted to preserve »uch an interesting 'bit of romance quite inviolate? So those who were entrusted with it confided it to one or two sympathetic souls, unt^l ev$jy mat^wjoman, and child in Aldersleigh was acquainted with the story—under the strict seal of confidence. Hence it came about that there was such a congregation to honour the wedding of the middle-aged couple so tardily united, as had never mustered "within the wjpjls . of ,the old cbuj$bJlQj. witness the union of ' The sacred fbuildit contain the ^iBpteli and near, and lined the paths, and crowded together np8h-4he tombstones, as the .Major led hia bride through theirUHst.f« |j jWj ' PalwayB knen^gthat you were jiopular in;Alderslejgn, Remarked the innocent "bridegroom, as the carriage drove off from the church gates, amid ringing cheers, " but, upen my word, I had not expected such an imaiei^se gathering, or such % ".dimbnWratlon "<as..tlu8i V\'But had he known how loosely the secret had been guarded, he would have had little difficulty in ascribing, the, demon stration to the spice of romance associated with " The Unanswered Letter." 