DR. TALMAGE'S BROOKLYN TABERNACLE. VRv Char. H. Matters.! Being in !New York on Sunday, May 10, I determined to hear the world-renowned Dr. Talmage. So I crossed over the great Suspen sion Bridge which connects New York and Brooklyn, and found iny way to the corner of Clinton and Green avenues. Though half an hour before the time for service a crowd was waiting outside eager for admission. Soon after the doors were onened. and we entered. The building is not yet complete, though opened for worship two weeks before my visit. A tower at the corner will be carried consider ably higher than it is yet built. The church walls are of brick, on granite foundations. Chiselled in stone at the comer is this inscrip tion: — 'Brooklyn Tabernacle: erected A.D. 1890\. :' The internal appearance is almost octagonal. There are two galleries arranged in the form of an amphitheatre. The roof is constructed somewhat in the form of a dome about 90 ft. above the ground floor. An open *3-3.ic ftft f*: Irmtr and RATini-f»ir«nln.v in ftTiaiw*. is reserved for the preacher. At the foot of the platform six tables are set aside for reporters, of whom three were present reporting, the sermon on Sunday morning. On the ground floor are eight aisles by which access is gained to the pews. The whole building provides seating accommodation for 5,600 persons. A ^magnificent organ, which cost 30,000 dollars, is placed behind the preacher, but the keyboards, in four rows, are in front of the preacher some distance from the organ. Pro fessor Browne is the organist, and an excellent musician. He is assisted by a gentleman who leads the 'psalmody with a cornet. At the waving of his hand the whole assembly rises to join in the praises of God. There is no choir, but some grand congregational singing, never theless. The preacher is apparently between 55 and GO yeais of age, tall, sparely built, partly bald, with no flashing eye or massive head, but has a high forehead. Hereisamandestituteofthearts and graces of oratory, with plain features, harsh, unmusical voice and unattractive manner, and yet possessing some magic and magnetic power capable of drawing crowds of people at every service. His earnestness and sincerity are genuine, and he evidently believes what he preaches. About 10.30 a.m. Dr. Talmage enters by a side door on the platform, places his Bible on a small table beside a. vase of flowers, takes his seat (there is no pulpit), engages a few moments in silent prayer, and looks around on the multi tude of faces gathered from almost all nations on earth. Immediately afterwards the entire audience rises, at the flourish of the conductor's hand, to join in a grand pasan of praise, singing 'Praise God from whom all blessings flow.' It was good to be there and hear such a burst of harmony. Then the doctor rose and ottered a short, plain prayer. Next followed reading the Scriptures, part of the 11th chapter of Hebrews, termed by the doctor 'The roll of the martyrs,' with short expositions and com ments on the verses. After singing and prayer again a host of announcements^ was made by the preacher and the collection taken up, followed again by singing. The text of the sermon was Luke ch. xiv. v. 17, ' Come, for all things are now ready.' Thus the preacher began — 'This is not an invi tation to the funeral of a dead Christ, but to the marriage of the King's Son. Then in flowery language and poetic style he gave an historical description of the visit of tjueen Elizabeth to Lord Leicester at Kenil ivorth, 'whereasumptuous feast was provided, 'accompanied with the burst of music, amidst enchanting scenes, in which the guests were wafted from joy to joy and f roui rapture to rapture.**3 The entertainment of lords and ambassadors who feasted and drank was also graphically described. ' This morning,' says the doctor to his congregation, ' you are in vited to a richer banquet. The invitation is written in red ink, and with the tremulous liand of a dying Christ. He is waiting, and to make preparation for this He passed through a lake of sorrow and oceans of agony.' He next proceeded to show that Christ is ready ; the Holy Ghost ready ; the church ready ; angels ready ; departed kindred ready ; and all are interested in sinners accepting the invita tion. At times there was profound stillness, heightened by emphatic pauses, especially when detailing some thrilling incident. One was that of a mother and child caught in a snow storm. To save her child the mother wrappe:l it in her warm clothing and put it in the cleft of a rock. The mother perished, but the child was saved. Now the preacher pleads most earnestly, 'O, man immortal, put thy soul in the cleft of the rock. Then all will be well— sxfe in the Rock of Ages.' 'The mightiest name on earth to-day,'5 says Dr. Talmage,' is Jesus. The most popular book in the world to-day is the Bible. Let no one depart this morning saying, 'I have not been invited.' I invite you now.' He closes by calling the whole assembly to witness that he has offered salvation to alL The sermon occupied 49 minutes. After the service large numbers still lingered listening to the organ, viewing the new taber nacle, and inspecting a tablet of great interest to all This tablet is carefully guarded. It comprises four stones set in the wall. The upper stone is from Mount Calvary, signifying 'Sacrifice.' Two centre stones are from Mount Sinai, representing 'Thelaw.' And the lower one is polished dark marble from Mars Hill, representing 'The GospeL' Dr. Talmage stands ni the midst of the people and requests all to be seated while he performs the ordi nance of baptism for a child of one of his relatives. A fair-haired boy is presented, re ceiving the baptismal name of De Witt Talmage. A short address ami prayer closed the second service. At7.45 p.m. the church was again crowded. Every seat was occupied and many people standing. After singing, prayer, reading the Scriptures, &&, the text is given out from II. Samuel, 12 c., and 17 v. — 'I shall go to Him.' On this he based and reasoned out the doctrine of 'recognition of kindred and friends in heaven.' The doctor thoroughly believes and earnestly advocates it. For 44 minutes, without a single note, he held that vast audience, and at times there was perfect f-il^nee an »«» pauswi in his inarch up and down the platform, while all eyes wore intently fixi-J on the speaker. I left the Brooklyn N«\v Tabnvnacle more fully -m\\\\- . vincod than ever of the .'uineieucy of the (iospel for the deepest neads of humanity. At the close of the night service I had an opportunity of shaking hands and speaking a. few moments with the doctor. He expressed his pleasure in meeting a family from Aus tralia, and enquired whether our home is in Slelbounv. On learning we had come from Adelaide, he said, 'Oh, I've heard of that beautiful' city.' I then enquired whether ho intend* vi-sting Australia. He replied, 'Oh, yfs, assumJly ; tiiat is one of th« pte's'.ires I anticipiitv.' 