SEVILLE. METHODIST CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. The first anniversary of the Seville Methodist Church was celebrated on Sunday, September 13th, and following Tuesday. On Sunday Mr. W. Williams of Box Hill, preached two excellent sermons to large congre gations, morning and evening. The weather was all that could be desired. The service in the evening was especially well attended, every available seat being occupied. The sermons delivered, which were appro priate to the occasion, were evidently highly appreciated by all present. On Tuesday the tea-meeting was held in the school, adjoining the church, and was well attended, not withstanding the inclement weather. The following ladies presided at the tables and attended to the wants of those who assembled to partake of the good things provided, everything being of excellent quality :--Mesdames Downham, Hubbard, and the Misses Downham (2), Harrison, Roberts, Aitken, and Anker, who performed this most important duty very creditably, and gave every satisfaction to all concerned. Tea over, an adjournment was made to the church, where the public meeting was held. The building had been tastefully decorated for the occasion and presented a very gay appearance. There was a large attendance, a number not being able, to gain admission. The meeting was opened by singing, and the Rev. T. Walton engaged in prayer, after which the Rev J. Westacott read an apology from Mr. E. Hunter, who was announced to preside over the meeting; owing to ill health he was not able to be present, but forwarded a donation of £1 towards the trust fund. Under the ciroumstances Councillor James Wallace was voted to the chair. The choir then rendered a selection of music entitled "I was glad when he said unto me." The chairman, ex pressed his pleasure, at seeing so many present. As they were all aware, this was the first anniversary of the church, it I having been erected 12 months ago. As secretary to the trust he would like to give a statement regarding the cost of building. The church had been erected at a total cost of £204 ; amount collected and receipts of opening tea-meeting, £70; leaving a debt on the building of' £134. He trusted that'by this anniiversary the debt would be reduced considerably. The chairman then called upon the Rev. L. Walton, of Ringwood, to address the meeting. He congratulated the people of Seville on having erected such a handsome church. He was very pleased indeed to be present at the first anniversary, and to see a councillor in the chair. If the Church, wherever establisheld, was to be a power for good, it was very necessary that the individual members who con stitute the Clhurch should live consistent lives. The Church must have consistent members, for in this lay the secret of her power. No matter how few they were, so long as they were living and working, as the great example of the Church, Christ, has taught, such a church would be a powerful one, and have the blessing and smile of God resting upon her. It was very necessary that every member of the Church, every christian should be true, under all and every circumstance of life through which they have to pass. Christians must be prayerful; it was by prayer that they would receive power for the work before them ; prayer was the con necting link between God and man, by which he could commune with his Maker, and receive that strength which is necessary . The secret of power with God was never ceasing, earnest, faithful prayer. The choir then sang " Blessed are the People." Mr Mr.Williams then favored the audience with a solo. The Rev. J. Westacott then delivered an excellent address. Holy Ghost power is what is wanted in the Church to-day. Many things in connection with the Church were powerful ; there was power in numbers, eloquent sermons, in which Christ was preached to the world of perishing sinners; but the power that was wanted to-day to convince and convert the people was Holy Ghost Power. This could be obtained by prayer; we may have it if we only ask in faith. Selection by the choir, "How Beautiful upon the Mountains": Mr Williams, of Box Hill, was the next speaker, and delivered a stirring address on "What it is to be a Christian." A christian must believe in the Lord Jesus Christ; he must also believe on him; cast himself upon Him for salvation, and follow Christ, imitate and copy His holy life, and do the will of God. Christians who thus live and labour are made better and happier, and are lights, as a city set upon a hill, which cannot be hid. The choir then sang "Thine Oh Lord, is the Greatness." The usual votes of thanks having been accorded a very successful meeting was brought to a close. The singing of the choir was all that could be desired, Miss M A Downham very efficiently presided at the harmonium. The gross proceeds, including promises, amounted to upwards of £34, which is most satisfactory. Supper was partaken of by a good number at the close of the meeting, after which the company dispersed. Doanstet i?c rtevat i ~,llilnter iin Lion. dotn liotween 100,000 nd tl 00,000, alnil 0oisttltia thet II'Igist of all ela,?no, lltjr Laovelt, of Adtihllle, twhor iteto jIroeiint on ai visit to Itigltind, elt whlio dlsLtigitlshiitd lihtitotf lty gellantly avilng tlien lift of a hul whio was drawl'nil g li tihe Thitaiit II eltilitilh f wen-ks ingo, him li!tn rmcCOinidiiteiIIt fort thie ii?elhil of tile Iloyal Ihiulann tSoolty,-An tpu , II .. . 