A LIVERPOOL GHOST STORY. ' Having been concerned in a most re* markable and altogether inexplicable adventure the other evening, which happened to me in Thomas-lane, Knotty Ash' (writes a correspondent of the Liver* pool Post), ' I have been induced at the earnest solicitation of many friends, to communicate the following particulars of the same to tbe Liverpool public as being cf more than ordinary interest — I was proceeding leisurely on foot to Broadgreen (he sajs) when, on passing the church at Knottv Ash. mv attention was suddenly arrested by the strange and uncanny appearance of its graveyards. Tbe time would then be shortly after midnight. The whole bur^ing.ground seemed alive and glistening with a thousand small blolsh lights, which appeared to creep in and out ol the different graves, as if tbe departed spirits were taking a midnight ramble. I stood petrified, not knowing what to make of it, at the same time experiencing a feel* Ing of horror wbich suddenly took com plete possession of me. Just at this moment the moon, which had hitherto been more or less obscured by a moving panorama of passing clouds came, as it would seem, to my assistance, giving me for a vsry short time the benefit of her companionship. And now appeared tbe most startling phenomenon of all, a phenomenon which caused my hair to stand on end with tright, a cold numbness of horror paralys ing me in every limb, for advancing up the road directly opposite to me came a funeral train, tbe coffin borne along with measured tread, covered with an immense black pall, which fluttered up in the midnight wind. ' At first I thought I must surely be dreaming, and therefore pinched myself in the arm to ascertain if this really was the case. Bnt no, I oertalnly was not, for I distinctly felt the nip, and was therefore satisfied as to my wakefulness. ' What coali it all mean f I asked myself as the cort^e gradually approached ms, and I began to die inguiah ths general outlfoes of the bearers. Thesa appeared to be elderly men and to have lived in a bygone age. All were dressed in the costume of the latter part of tbe eighteenth century. Tbey wore tie wigs, and some had swords, as well as walking-sticks mounted witb death's heads. I observed only one really young man among the crowd of followers, walking just behind the coffin. His youth, in com parison with the others, perhaps made me take especial notice of bim. He was rfrauari in what. tnnMir«1 fcn H* blank velvet. the whiteness of his reflles standing out in marked contrast to the sombre nature of his general attire. He carried a swo'd, had diamond buckles to his sboer, and wore his powdered hair in a queue. The face of this ; young man was deathly pale, as were also the iacts of all the Others accompanying him. Instead of the procession advancing to the gate at which I stood, it turned suddenly and entered the burial-ground by toe one sn.aacea at a tew yarns uisbance. As the coffin was borne through this gate all the blue spirit lights seemsd to rise from the graves as if to meet the cortege for the purpose of escorting the body to its last resting place ; these awful lights added considerably to the gbast)ine?s of the scene as they floated over the coffin and heads of the mourners 61owly the pcocesaion glided up the pathway, passing the main enuance of the ehurcb, and, continuing its way in a straight line, finally disappeared at the back oi the edifice. ' Where this most extraordinary funeral went to or wbat became of it, I cannot teH ; bnt this much I distinctly aver, that cofiln, mourners, and lights— even to the pale flickering moonlight— all disappeared as mysteriously as they came, leaving me landing in the darkness, transfixed with astonishment and fright Upon gathering took to my heels and never stopped running till I found mytelf safe in my own hoube. In fact, I tcarcely remember how I got home. After recovering a little from the shock I immediately aroused a female relative wbo had retired for the night, and related to h»r tbe above particulars She assured me that I must have been suffering from mental hallucination, but, seeing the great ptrturbation of my mind, and at the same time knowing my natural soepticlsm with regard to so-called supernatural phenomena, she came to the conclusion that, after all. 1 might possibly have s$en wbat had been described above. ' The next day 1 made enquiries at the neighborhood of Knotty Abh, and ascer tained from a very old woman that she remembered a story in her yonth having reference to the myetcrious and sudden death of an old occupant of Tbingwall Hall, who was hastily and quietly burled, she thought at midnight, in old Knotty Ash church-yard. If so, was this a ghastly repetition of tbe event got up for my especial benefit, or was it a portent intended to foreshadow the coming of the Dread Visitor to myself ? Now, as I have before stated, I am no believer in ghosts, but certainly this very remarkable ex* perience of mine has entirely upset all my previously conceived notions of the subject, leaving me) in a quandary of doubt. On the evening upon which I saw the mysterious midnight funeral at Knotty Ash, I was exceedingly wide awake ; had met several {cyclists on the Preseott-road, with whom I conversed, and had likewise refreshed myself at the public drinking fountain placed at tbe top of Thomas-lane. I Strange that a few hundred yards further [ down the road I should encounter so fhoetly an experience — an experience shall never forget to my dying day.' 