THE AUSTRALIAN BUMP OF REVERENCE. Religion in Australia, says Mr, Francis Adams in tbe fortnightly Jugiew, is utterly unspirltuaL It is a ttusmeae, a mere affair of tunning a vested interest for dividends (or, as the Australians put it, **a screw') ; and the dividends are so small, that you cannot get Australians to venture upon it. I should like very much to know how many native-bom Australians have taken orders ? Local bishops have wailed into my sympathetic ears their utter fal'ure to induce any native-born Australians to view tne ciencal career eenousiy at all. That wall deepened to a more agonised note when it treated of tbe low type— ths mere clerical riff-raff, which sheer compulsion dxovo the epi.-copal recruiting sergeants to pass ia England for Colonial service. Equally amused is the giin with which our friend listens to i&vns; concerning the alleged M civilising mission' of Free-Trade England lie knows pretty well what his own fother*s and grandfather's 'civilising mission' was to the local aboriginals ; and ell thiti unspeakable hypocrisy and cant— tbe s upeodoue cant end hypocrisy of contemporary England— are just aa much 'tuncemje' and *hlghfalutin'tohlm as they are to his poorer brother, the work man. And who can honestly desire It to bs otherwise ? But tbere is something else in the Imperial idea besides cant and hypocriey, and to this our clear*eyed friend is of nere^sity es stone blind and deaf as the Anglo- Australian is to other things. The Australian i* not t- u jht history, and be hes no conception of the past. He does not thrill to tbe name of Hatold or Simon de Wont fort. Drake and Cromwell are mere names to him The elder Pitt, the father (if any man is the father) of tbe Empire of to day, is a shadowv ghost to him— less real 'ban Cook. And if this is so to the richer AuEtralian, educated at the nerondtry grammar school, bow much more so is it to the D.-?or AnetMlian who has learned tbe three R's at the primary Btate bCbool? I went out to Australia seven years ago, touched to the heart with the idea tbat, as England had found men great enough to create tbis world-wide Empire, so (alter the bMer and bloody lesson of 1776) e\i* would fiai men great enough to pteserve it. Three years showed me that it was a dream ; six left me with tbe conviction that Imperial Federation would i pell ' swindle' to everyone but the greedy English trader*. ? Tflm Next Pop b. -The opinion appears to be gaining ground iu Rouw (eays an English journal) that Cardinal Monaco la Valletta will be the successor of beo Xllf. upm the Papal throne. Ha is the Dean of the Sicred College, and its most influential member. He is a grert favorite with the present Pope, and h-.e been e cardinal ever el nee he was *0 years of age. He Is now 64\. His brother la a reuator of the King dom of Italy, b&t; is himself ao irreconcil able Sbruld he be elevated to the Papal See, Cardinal M ^uaco 1* Valletta will, it is expected, occupy a juste milieu between tbe late and the present Pope, end will befitow bis attention more upon religion tban politics ; but he holds such very etroeg opinions with respect to tbe tem poral power of tbe chunm that he Is not likely to budge an Inch from the non pouumm ol hi* predecessors. 