Varieties. It may be true, as man, with hie nsoa preeomption frequently assarts, that famine IB Nature's remedy for orer-popolation, bat If eo Nature usually mikes the inexplicable mistake of leaving the thickest populations alone, sparing Belgium while striking Mo roooo. Spfttator. Borne years ago a newspaper published in Newcastle commemorated its eentenial by re printing its first issue. It vu 6 very smill sheet, so a copy of the reprint was folded in* side every one of the current number. During the afternoon of the day an old couple called at the office, and informed the olerk that they had come in answer to the advertisement in the morning paper whioh directed applicants to inquire at the office of the paper for particulars, the man to attend to cows and the wife to act as general ser vant in the house. The olerk oould not re member any each advertisement; but, to oblige them, as they were evidently from the oountry and very positive, he went with them through the advertisement columns. Nothing of the sort oould be found. They repeated that they had both seeu it in the morning's paper noticing the day of the month. Then it oooutred to the olerk to look at the reprinted copy of the one-him dred-years-old paper, and there he found it. It was with some difficulty that he oonvinusd bis disappointed visitors that they were ezaotly one hundred years too late. A. Turkish working day lasts from sunrise to snaset, with eortun intervals for refresh ment and repose. In Montonegro the day laborer begins work between 6 and 6 in the morning, knocks off at 8 for half an hour, works on till uron, rests until 2 and then ^labors on until sunset. This is in summer. In winter he oommenoeiwork at 7 .30 or 8, rast»feom 12 to 1 and works uninterruptedly from that time to sunset. The rules respect ing skilled labor are theoretically the same, but considerable laxity prevails £n practice ; in Servia the principle is individual con venience in every case. In Portugal from aunrise tosiuffietistiiB usual lebgth of (be ?working day. With field laborers and work men in the building trade* the summer work tag daytaj^fti.SPw&faJhe;, morniug andenasat7 In the evening,. Wo cr three tours' rest being taken IntS mlSdle of the , day. In the winter tike. Jioucb are from , 7.30 to 6, witha Shorter interval of repose., Xh manufactories the rml? is twelve hoars in' summer and tenia winter with an hour an abaU allowed f<tt«fceal&. Eleven hones 1b the average day's work in Belgium, bat the brewers* men work from ten to seventeen hours; briok makers - sixteen; theoabiaet-makersof Brussels and Ghent ate often at work seventeen hoars a day; tramway drivers are on duty from fifteen to seventeen boon, with an hoar and one-half at noon; railway guards sometimes know what it la to work nineteen and one half hours at a stretoh, and in the mining districts women are often kept at track loading or similar heavy labour for thirteen or fifteen hoars. The normal workday thvoughoat Saxony is thirteen hours, with two hoars' allowance for meal-taking. la Baden tbe medium du ration of labour is from ten to twelve hoars, bat in soma cases it far am els this, often risos to fifteen in stoneware and china works and cotton mills, in sawmills to seventeen hours ; while the workers in tbe sugar re finers when the shift system iein v0gue,work tweuty-four hoots free, and in too many of of Baden factories Sunday frock is the rale. In Russian industrial the difference in the working hour* is something' extraordinary, varying front-six to twenty. It is remarkable that these great divergencies ooour in the same branches of industry within the same inspeotor's district and among establishments whcse produce realists the aame market prtoe. -Ghtmberi Journal. A young man who was servant at a farm* house in a very wild district Iq Sussex, was sent one night with a message ID Bar crash. He was warned before ha started that a ghost was very often seen be*r, aetilo which he had to cross. aooai&qgir; took with him a middling thick Btiofc; ana said that if any ghost interrnpted htm he wonld, by the help of his 'bat,' try and find out what a ghost was made of. As he got near to the stile, he duly caught right of the ghoft in front of him, glarW fiercely out of the hedge. Heputdown hh basket, walked boldly ttoto fur'place, and with his < bat* fitro^ont Mil^. ' He owned that he then felt a good d&l; m^Meaed, for no sooner had he strook ihau iiaiⅇ on ail sides came flying past his head. . However, he held his ground, and then discovered that he had smashed into a hun dred pieces an old rotten £ase stomp, whioh tad dried np into ftga&vtpod;* and the phos phorous in^hichci^w^S^ mysterious brightness in toe din*. Stum Faik^ In the Prussian Itoqpitel* payment is uni versal, All port* apd oonditioua of pteaons are freely admitted, and patients are divided Into throe oImku, ftooomlng to the.rate of payment. In 43uu L whfob is popularly designated the *lqxniious they ray f «>m six to nine shillings « flay Class II., from four to due shillings; «q& in Claw III., about one ahiUingi&M; ninepcaoe a day. are psid for by tke PoOT tatr BiMd at ittilixi clasa rate, iut tboee wfyo cab fmygaaeruily do so, as £rar«otadvr)io r&4?$ relief Ipom the Poor Iav Btmf^mfr politioal ?Gonimporarff Sevieto. Thetorpeflo-boathM ^deilanow sensation to the experioxftai of sdin^ olfoar gallant taru. Being narrow, long, andewift| it cuts thcocgh the oresfc .! waves tod |)langa» into the trough with a suddenness bi decent ex ceedingly dtsoonoertlnjj to the inner aurc. Old sea-dogs, who have been 'never* never sick at sea, make a first eodueintaooe with mal ie tner on board the torp6do-boat. -Con* An English meohanto and ftfi Eafflifih taD lionaire have ^different food! add drink dif ferent aratt«e<nente end tftfcnners. A French millionaire and a I'Vrench meohanto dine absut the same hoar, drink wine, play billiards and cards, and address and are addressed In much the same fashion. Here 1fce two Uvea Are in different -wbrlds; thete one Ib A ch≈ ex emplar-not An imitation-of the other. This similarity of habit gives a similarity of feeling. The 'ted fodl-fary of the Seine' it not wanted here; tat it ie only poarible bo cause the Paris ouvriw has thoughts and feelings and aroirationB to -whioh the London I artisan is (happily) a Stranger. - -Scots Ob tervsr. The praotioe of oreatingpeers by patent was introduced by lilohardTl. The daily surplus of births over deaths in the United Kingdom is 1600.. In the publio libraries of Europe there are mora than 21,000,000 printed volumes. Whooplng-otraghhas been known for three hondrsd years. It mainly affects young chil dren, 46 per cent of live fatal owed bung those of children under fire years old. pie preventive action of vaccination is shown jbj thefaot ti&t; it hae kept small-pox out of the colony of "Western Australia for Slyeara, only one oase haying been known to ooour there. Afifet-elass glass aye oosts about £1.0 to manufacture. About 41 languages and dialects are spoken .ft London. Previous to theyaor 1443 there were no barber's ehop^ipuLondOn. 1821 «m Uie fan inwhioh Mechanics' Institution* were first established. In the year 1643 an Act was passed for the toleration of irregular medical practitioners, whieh enacted that' persons b^iog no oom mon surgeons may nuaistec outward modi' oinea.' She oan speak the modern languages With fluency and vim; She can give you Ghreek and Latin, too, Until your head wili ewim. She cam repeat what Homer wrote About the Trojan strife. But She oaa't remember what is tramp To ears her little life. 