THE CAULFIELD CUP. ( Continued from last week.) wqakawa! (7sl 131b) I thought & very great horse three years ago, but he sadly disappointed me. He U certainly within his distance now, and is fairly wcil treated. I must, however, confess to a prejudice against the son of Leolinus. and therefore cannot be inclined to write in very high fenus of him. I know that he can gallop and slay when he likes to, but when a horse once shows the.vvhite feather, as 1 firmly behove Whakawai to do, 1 discard hiiu altogether. Spokesman (7st 131b) is a horse of altogether a different stamp, and one possessed of brilliant speed His stamina over a distance has yet to be tested, but I rather incline to the opinion that when the question be put be will answer it satisfactorily. His party cannot complain of bis weight, for he has won Welters, and therefure has clcarlV demonstrated that he is well up to 7st 131b— if the distance be not too much for him. Wycomiik (7 st 13lb) lias been a very great and expensive disappointment. He is not harshly treated, hut I cannot accord my allegiance to such an uncertain customer. G'Naiioo (7st 131b) is one of my fancies for this race, as his Birthday Haudicap per formance at Flemingion. when he carried 7sl Gib, the same distance, iu 42min 37isec, was A very long way above mediocrity. He is supposed to improve Sib during the interval uetween may ana uciouer, and therefore, with an increase of only 21b on his Birthday Handicap victory, G'Naroo must be considered pretty fairly handicapped. It is true that outside of this performance he » has not tun above mediocrity, buL as this was his latest, the adjustrucut must be made thereon. Wilga (7st 12lb) has been a most consis tent public performer, and has evidently a cast-iron constitution, for she has started over 30 times during her two years' sojourn on the turf, since she ran third to The Admiral and Utter in the Maribyrnong Tlate. She has frequently had her revenge on the latter, and when she beat Utter in the Lady C-arrington prize at Randwick, ehu did so like a racehorse. It must never be forgotten that tbe daughter of Epigram arid Nellie defeated the great Titan when the chestnut gelding was in the zenith of iiis fame. Bui we have to cousider W'ilga's three-year-old performances more than those of her sapling career when dealing with her chances for the Caulfield Cup. As well as any of them I liked her victory in the Free Handicap at Flemingion, when, with 7st 9lb on b.er back, she ran ten and a half furlougs in 2mtn 15see. This would be equal to aDout 2min 40scc for the mile and half, and. therefore, with six months more age and only 31b more to cany, Mr. Wallace's fjlly must be considered as fairly haudica; /pcd. She is as gaoie as the proverbial pebble, always comes at the right cud, r.nd as she is so fairly treated, it is quiie ou the cards that she may follow in Calm&'s steps and carry the magpie colors once tuor.c to the front in the big event at Caulfield. Tourdillon (7st 12lb) js, I am afraid, a bit of a disappointment, for she wins at un certain limes, aud seldom when the pieaes arc put down upon ) iei\ It is, of course, just possible that sin may be a bit of U jade, but under no ci /cuuisiances can I have tier on my side as ouo of those likely to produce the winuer.. Dos Giovan (7s', 121b) is undoubtedly & brilliant horse wl jcn in the humor, but it is so very seldom li £ can be caught at the right pinch that I sIvaII not occupy space with analysing his c'nances. And it must not he forgotten that he failed ignominiously a couple of vea) ,-s ago in this very race with Gib less on b'ts back, and therefore 1 fail to discover hov,- he can possess 14 the ghost of a show," fur he has no room for improve ment, as li a was a six -year-old on that occa sion. Leviathan (7st 121b), after having started on innumerable occasions without earning a winning bracket, surprised us all by winning the Sandhurst Cup with 7st,and ibe Ballarat Cup with 7stG)b, running the mile and half in the latter race in 2min 43sec. Now, this 2miu 43scc is the very bust lime in which the twelve furlongs have been run on Dowling Forest, and is a second and a quarter tatter than Enuc's trial for last year's event. The quality of Leviathan's victory must consequently be rated very highly. When 1 saw hiui last striding along the grass in company with Burlesque, I thought the son of The Hook was very much Improved, and as he seemed to be in very great heart, I immediately put a tick against him as be ing one of tbe dangerous division for tbis race. T fully anticipated, however, that his weight would be at least four or five pounds more than he received. My opinion of his chances can easily be gauged by these re marks, and it will nolsuiprise me one iota if lie be my final tip for tbis event wbeu 1 have to write it. The Tyler (7st 121b) has been n bitter disappointment since he split Dreadnought and Daniel, in llie Wycombe Stakes, at the Randwick Spring meeting, and, as I don't care for Sunday horses. 1 shall discard him. Swing (7st 121b), with just 14)b off her back, literally' romped in lor the Birthday Handicap at Flemington last May twelve months. Since t hen she has not done any thing worthy of her lineage, and although fairly treated on paper, I cannot have her on my aide, notwithstanding that she is very cleverly trained and in private, where we have no opportunity of discovering how she is doing in her work. Siuombou (7st 311b), was. with Lord Hope- toun, honored with the highest weight imposed upon the three-year-olds, an un sought for honor, most truly, and his per formances fully warranted the position, but he has now been scratched. Lord Hopetoun (7st 111b) showed brilliant form all through his two-vcar-old career, and hastbegift of galloping in avery remarkable degree. The way in which he won his second and third races at Caulfield proved him a galloper of the very first class, and this was intensified by his very easily achieved victory in the Fltiuington Stakes, when a colt like Harrington was third ; for it must be remembered that, the very next month, Harrington 6iniplv walked in at Caulfield, and cawed out five furlongs in lmin 3sec, with 8st on his back, in (he Juvenile Stakes. Loid Hopetoun received such a bad start that he could not possibly emulate Titan in tbe OaklKigh Haudica); ami when he was beaten at JTlcmington in ibe Hires' Produce Stakes by Stromboli be was conceding 1-1 lb to the Sydney colt. Moreover, Lord Hopetoun is a particularly nervous horse, and, unfortunately, he was removed to Flemington the night previous to the race. The fact- of being in a fresh box so unstrung hie nerves that he was in a lather for many hours afterwards, and was thus unable to do himself justice against Stromboli. In deal ing with a race of this description T must not fi- irget classical engagements, nnd as Lord Hopetoun has none of thee there is every chance of his seeing the post for the Caulfield Cup. But both fit and well. I have not tlic slightest doubt that the Yictoriau will badly defeat (he soil of Etna whenever they meet cn level terms, although it is just possible that, faking their confor mation a=> the gauge. Stromboli may even tually turn out the greater stayer of the two. 