THE FIRST DEATH. frrox THE FEEECn.5 La Farlcde *u a littlo Tillage of four or fire hundred inhabitants between Amiens and Abbeville. Sad in autumn, gay in spring time, calm, silent, stretched along a wide road, its house* low, with roofs black nnd pointed, surrounded by swampy meadows aud crowned by a forest of oaks, it was a counter part of all the other village* of Picardy. Yes. it was a counterpart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of red brick, its window casings of white stone, that is always part and parcel of a Picardian landscape, and as it stands a thousand metres, more or less, from the outskirts of those tiny provincial hamlets. La Farlede, at the moment this story opens, was in a hubbub of evcitement, for a cemeterr. their own individual burying-urcund, hail been achieved at last. T he municipal council which had so long hoarded the funds drawn from tho ratepayers for tho purpose, had finally seen fit to purchase an ancient field, to wall it iu. and to consecrate it to tho well merited repose of the people of the country: “ and on and after the 1st November, IS—’.” so the announcement read, ** the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests.” Naturally enough, everyone gossipped and jested with his neighbour on the subject of the “elect” who would point oof the read to his compatriots, hut tho hubbub increased to a positive riot when simultaneously with the con clusion of the ceremonies that made of the ancient field*** Gottsaker,” handbills appeared on all the walls, including the Mairo’s, to the following effect: ' “ Whereas, being sound of rn'nd and sound of body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and sweeten the last moments of him or of her who will be the first to inaugurate the new cemetery, I have placed in the hands of the Maire of La Farlede the sum of ten thousand ! fiaucs, to bs delivered to the family of tho first uitx&bit;&Qt; who dtp&rti; for mother and wrbtps a better world, on and after this the day of opening, November 1,18—,” ^ “ In witness whereof, signed and sealed by “Jess BrmtisEtJx.” In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a Bohemian of the arte lien of the Boulevard Clinchy, and en riched by the decease of an aunt w’ho, at tho final moment, had consented to accord him her forgiven*** for the profession he had chosen, and^ to leave him the inheritor of a goodly In the day* of hie youth an incorrigible joker, he still at times, as in the matter of his hand bill, indulged in the same propensity. The statement of the placard was true, however, and in the twinkling of an eye the news was all over the village, Groups of people cor^fregated before the lulls to read for themselves, ‘While others, more incredulous, ran to the Maire to ask for confirmation of the same. “ The fact is exactly as given," he responded, \---" * ft. The promptly; ** there is no mistake about __ ruoeey Uin my hands, and will so remain,” I : The announcement thus officially Touched for, everyone joyously returned. to his home to begin at once the oaloulatiou of his chances—to take stock, aa, it. were, of those belonging to him, nnd to estimate their average longevity. It goes without saying that those of Uta fobs Tiitonta fortoneta'anoogh to hare yick' or veir aged relativTawere filled withttlumph, though, ■of eoaree,: they, triumphed secretly and 4a ;4>Wca,wjtiihfth*othep- rtboMwhose familis* “■*“**—* *_J *■ "wv*"—were forced to eoqu ao'iWbl 1 war* always escarrtf t&ut;&lising; pistoles danced a saraband in their dreams cvcu when they fell asleep. As for the Mairo, poor man, life hnd becomo a burden to him bo cause of tlio hourly deputa lions nnd avalanche of quoiies to which he was forced tolisten. 4 4 Must they be of the Tillage f *' they besought him anxiously! *4 or was it sufficient to bo a i member of tho parish V Did children count, or relatives by marriage, or those whom death might take ny violence t”— queries that plainly ! betrnrod the villagers* anguish of mind and hugely amused the donator. ft is not every day, as you know, that pcoplo give up tho ghost in Tillages, and a whole weok parsed by after tho opening of tho cometerv without an event cf tho kind occdmng. Still the brains of the people continued to be over* excited, and every on©, from baker to butcher, from curate to husbandman, hid oft work from time to timo to measure with his eye, or .calcu late mentally, the additional goods' or farming ground purchasable with tho moner— only the cafes were butler tbanever. By the end of tho week tho story of the hand bills had becoruo an old one, but by no means a less absorbing one,- though the* villagers no longer lowered their eyes or voices when dis cussing tho tnattor, anu openly footed up the chances. The family of acsrtatnL* Poirsaux by common consent had Fettled it that they worn to-b© the fortunato -inheritor*, for had they not among them, this family La Po treat! x. an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of habit alone—a wheexy, yellow, aried-up old mummy, whom twice a day they carried to the door to bask in tho sunshine, and w*- itdemi&e; had long been cxpocted. 44 But sometimes those Aged ones livo tor ever,” objected a malicious listener, “and this one shows no more signs of dying than ho has done for six months pa*t.” “All the same,“ added another, “itlstho family La Poireaux whom the Maire has his eye Nevertheless, dwpito the anguish of desire that had wired npon all in the yace^for this money, La Fhrledo possessed no assassin. it was true that the ailing, and very aged had become a centre of interest to everyone intbe family, for they wouM l>o able, if accomm£ dating, to leave behind them a snug little sura, yet no one dreamed of accelerating their departure. Iatha households of the loM-happily placed tho interest wan equally absorbing—a harsh cough, a laboured breathing briuging the car upon the alert iu an instant. Coughs, and difficult breathings wero harbingers of inflam mation of the lungs, .and inflammation of tho lungs, as every ono. knew, took its victim quickly. If another one had a red faca or an Indigestion they awaited apoplexy, and a child who had been an invalid from birth, and began to recover from tho moment of the proclama tion, was cut off with a shilling in tho will of an indignant aunt, whoso heir it hod previously Tho chli*-© village at the expiration of this same week was palo nnd emaciated. Even those who had scoffed tho loudest at this waiting for dead men’s shoes no longer slept tranquilly: drunkards drank twice as much as they nod drunk before: the avaricious cnieed in secret: while the sick, on the cnntrarv, the only ones who objectod to this fashion of' ring ing tho bell, seemed to vie with each other m tho hosto of their recovery. On tho morning of tho 10th of November, however, a bell, or rather a knell, did ring out, instead of. tho morning Angclus, and the people, falling over each other in tho darkness, and railing at fate, precipitated themselves towards the church to learn who had won. Alas, arrived there, breathless and panting, it was only to find that tho beadle (a* usual), full as a thrush, more dared than over „frotn brood ing upon the promises of the placard, nnd thinking of nothing hut death, had rung with out reason. Truly it was time this business should end, or they would tU be cs mad as the Ah, well, there lived at this time in La Farlcda a poor and unfortunate peasant, married, the father of two little helpless babies, and with whom nothing had ever succeeded. Thongh scarcely past his fortieth year, |he had run through every country of the world, to return at last, vanquished, to his native village. Ho was a good fellow, gentle, affectionate, dreamy, and iuoffensive, but he was unable to gain a living for hiraseU or family in & country where the struggle with the earth was hard and endless, liis slender frame took badly to the labour of tho fields, and he possessed no other resources. Misery and want encom passed tho household, and each evening before the smoking cinders the wife cried in undresa ing the children, and he, tortured and cowed by a sense of weakness and failure, writhed in The placard of the painter Bitumineux had made upon him, as upon the rest of them, a deep impression. Nay, more than that, it had given him An idea. What if he should be the one to leave ton thousand francs to his wretched family ? It would lift them abovo want for ever : they would be able with tho money to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a haberdashery —perhaps a more pretentious shop. Ilia wife ‘WM iuteHigent, iniin«*nVm«—she would surely prosper at the business. He saw them already, these deprived onoi, secure of the necessities he had been unable to give them, the boy later on employed in a bank, the girl married to a cocnmusaire. ^ That evening ho embraced them and held them upon his breast longer than usual, mur muring as ho watched them laid upon their scanty straw, 411 will doit—I must do it; it is my duty.” The idea that had come to him witirthe read ing of tho placard, and born of misery and shame, was suicide. For him it was tho re habilitation of all his disastrous enterprises, the atonement for the sorrow that he brought upon hie family. But, oh, the agony of parting from there beings so tenderly lovcil, whose wel fare and happiness he could secure at last, but secure only oy one means ! Ho went out to walk for a while in the em browned fields, the yellowed forest, but the rustling of tho dead leaves that his foot pushed aside sounded to him like tho rustling of a shroud; sobs burst from his anguished timst as he regarded the wide heavens, the volley full of shadows, andthclittle village that held his all. For a long time he hesitated. Perhaps chance would deliver him—perhaps it would not be necessary to tako his life m order that they might live, that they might have fire upon tho darkened hearthstone, and bread in the empty cupboard. Long ago he had assured himself by talking with a neighbour, who had aocattonca Matrc, that suicides would count in lis unreal plat. Of course he must kill him self—to wait longer was to permit the chance tnat as yet was his to bo grasped by another. He took his gup, climbed the hillside that overlooked the village, and fixed his eyes upon the dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found hla body—a wood-cutter passing through the forest had seen it, and spread the news—the crowds cursed it, aud threw stones at the corpse of the poor hero. Tho women sought to spit in his face ; while the town couucil itself waited upon M, Bitumineux to demand of him that the money should not be paid to the family of such a trickster. The painter responded by adding ten thou sand more to the first ten thousand, and charging himself forever after with the care of tho widow and her children. “ It was my fault,” ho told himself, deeply moved bv the tragedy—44 my fault, ami but for me the thing would nevet have happened." The Moire aloue and the gendarmes, whom it had botru neewary to call unon before the body of the martyr could be laid m tho ground, fol lowed it to its last resting-place, and that same day 44 the old wreck from Trafalgar” and two beside him paired to their la.“t account. The memory of the suicide is still cursed throughout the whole of Fic^rdy, and upon liis tomb one reads the inscription (cut tht»ro by a cunning but sacrilegious band during the dark ness of the night after tho interment) j Tht ditch the tkitf, - _ 