' ANOTHER " DREAM" BY OLIVE ' SCHREINER. "GOD'S LIGHT ON THE -'OUN TAINS." S" And God aid, Lettihc?rh e light. And there wae Sliht., One by one the clouds lifted, and the dense drooping veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. The great mountains became visible, clearly defined against the heavens' ethereally faint blue. Eternal snow lay frozen white upon them, and their cold high peaks seemed very far away. But one wide bar of luminous gold lightened their elopes towards the east; and in that warm and tender haze the hard snow melted, and 0 the purple violets opened into bloom. Two dark figures of amen advanced into the Slight. They had climbed for many hours. They had seen the radiance from afar, and now they entered it together. They were brothers in their common lot and creed, but as they stepped into the golden glory their brows grew heavy- with distrust and wrath. " What doest thoua here? " said the one. "The light is mine l" " Nay, fool," said the other, "thou liest the light is mine I" And the evil frown deepened on their faces, and they forgot their brotherhood and fought \--fought with a merciless blind fury for every inch of that wondrous light that was not theirs; fought till the violets on the turf sickened and died: in the torrent of blood that was shod. But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. Andthe Shadow'snamowasDeath. Thenthose contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering their eyesethey fled swiftly; and the Shadow, went with them. And their blood sank into the cool, brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay still upon the moun tains. Two women camoe intu.the Light. They were great Queens, brow-bound with gold and burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dragged a fainting feeble creature like a child with wings, an almost dying thing that wept and wailed aloud and shuddered as it came. Reaching the Light, the women naused and faced each other. V" Loose thou thy hold of. Love," said the one-" for lo, we have reached the goal, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love are mine." "O traitress !" cried the other. " What hast thou to do with beauty where I am ? I am the mistress of the world; love is my ser vant, light my heritage. Dispute no more, for love and light are mine I'" And again the shadow fell. Then those two rival Queens grew pale and thin, and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. But the winged child remained alone weep. ing. And God's Light lay softly on the mountains. 'A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. Bare-headed and with uplifted eves, he paused and looked and smiled. His limbs were very weary, his hands were hard with unrewarded toil; but, though his face was paleand careworn, it was beautiful. His lips parted in a sigh of rapture. :" This isthe Light !" he said, " My God, 3I thank Thee !" And the winged Love, who wept alone, drew near to him and kissed his feet. "O, who art thou?" it questioned him sobbingly. "Who art thou that has toiled so far to find the Light, and hast no word of envy on thy lips, but only peace and praise?" And the Stranger smiling, answered, " I am known as the Despisedand Lonely. In all the world I possess nothing-not even a blessing. Alone I have been from the first Beginning-alone I must be to the last End. But I have bought the Light and found it, wherefore I praise the Giver of tho Light who bath not suffered me to be dismayed. For I bear the name most hated among men -the name of Truth." And again the Shadow fell. Only it was no more a Shadow but a Brightness. brighten ing into the Light itself. And tired Truth drank in the golden Glory, and grew strong. Love dried its childish tears, and afar off there was a sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Light widened on the mountains. [This poetical allegory is sent to us by a correspondent as having originally appeared in an old number of an African missionary magazine, now extinct. It was there un signed, but no one who reads it (says our correspondent) can doubt that it is correctly attributed above. If not by Miss Schreiner, it is certainly a very happy attempt in the same style.] The new Imperial defence gun vessels Boomerang and Karrakatta, 2,735 tos, .1,500 horse-power, having both satisfactorily com pleted their gun and machinery trials, were delivered to the naval authorities at Sheerness on 14th February, from the works of Sir W. G. Armstrong and Co., of Elewick, where they have been built and equipped for sea at a cost of nearly £50,000 each. 'The Boomerang and Karrakatta were immediately commissioned with complements of 80 officers and man each for despatch to Australia, the Boomerang being commanded by Lieutenant Thomas C. Fenton, and the Karrakatta by Lieutenant W. J. Scullard. The Boomerang is intended to strengthen the British Squadron on active service. in - Australian waters, but the Karrakatta, on her arrival at Sydney, is to be paid off and placed in the Australian Steam Ieserve, being kept in readiness for acttve service when re quired. The Admiralty have - issued instruc. tlons for the third-class cruiser ltapid. 12, 1,420 tons, 1,400 horse-power, Captain William M'C. F. Castle. to be recommissionied at Sydney for another term of service on the Australian station. The Itipid is in future to be in charge of an 'oficer of commander's" rank instead of g cptain, nasargher.former commissions. 