FICTION. From RDiiHib, American, «ad Othar Periodical». WHO^WD IT? CHAPTER XVI. O, she's down on her bendlt knee, I wat she's pale and wearie ; , O, pardon, pardon, noble king. And give me baok my dearie 1 '* Hush !" said Jack, as in the dusk he turned the latchkey in his own door, and softly let him- self and Daily in. Daffy had learned his lesson as he came along, and now struggling down out of Jack's arms, beat with importunate little hands on the door that had not been unlocked all day, while Jack slipped behind a portiere and waited. " Mother !" said Daffy at the keyhole, " mother !" and the joy in his voice, some fresh new voice surely, brought a gleam of hope to Elizabeth's miserable heart, and stumblingly, she rose and unlocked the door. It was quito dusk now, but the two saw each other very well, and sprang into each other's armB' " "Where have you been all this while my sweet- heart !" she said, quite unaware of his having been out, a fact of which Mrs. Chick had not dared to inform her. " O ! playing !" baid Daffy, feeling himself to be a very deceitful person indeed, and hugging her with all his strength. " Poor mother had no dinner -but it's all nice and 'ot downstairs ! "Wonder what Daddy 'ud like for dinner ?" he added sud- denly, forgetting his part. " Daddy will not be home to-night," she said, with a catch in her voice, knowing that if good news had been abroad, it would have reached her long before this. Daffy chuckled, as if enjoying some private joke hugely, and kissed her with even more intoxicated delight than before, as she turned to kindle a light, that showed with cruel distinctness the strained eyeB, the worn young face, and the alight figure shrunk to a mere nothing in her black serge gown. The shadow outside stole nearer to the door with a gesture of passionate pity and longing that merged themselves into an ecstacy beneath which he trembled like a leaf. Did she not love him still P Would she have wasted to this poor ghost for a man who had earned only her contempt and hatred, without having even the power to make her suffer ? * " Shouldn't wonder if Daddy did come 'ome to- night,") said Daffy, gravely, ¡' s'posin' a little bird comed and told me so-what would you say to that ?" he added loudly and triumphantly. Elizabeth trembled-she knew how clever Daffy was, how seldom he made a mistake in his facts, and some faint, delicious glimmering of hope dawned in her eyes, as, putting him from her, Bhe said : " Rose has come back-she told you something, Daffy ?" " Rose a naughty 'ooman," said the boy, shaking his head ; " heard Janin say so-somfin* about your blue stones-somebody else told me Daddy was comia 'ome to-night !" "Jack! Jack!" she said wildly, like one long ravened with cold and hunger who is suddenly confronted with warmth and plenty, " where are you," Jack, where ?" " Here," said Jack, coming swiftly in, but only just in time, as beneath theTningled rapture and agony of the moment she fell to the ground. All through the hours of that long day she had never once lost consciousness, but wide-eyed and vividly alive she had drunk her bitter cup, drop by drop to the dregs, and now nature took her revenge, denying her the power of tasting her joy while yet it was barely at her lips. Jack kissed the pale mouth as he laid her down, a mere feather- weight now in his strong arms, and chafed her little hands as he kneeled beside her, Daffy looking on, with heaving breast, sorely cast down at this sad reception of his glorious news. But soon Elizabeth opened her eyes, and stole an arm round Jack's neck.. Why, on that fatal morning, had not heart met heart, and eyes met eyes aa they were meeting now, i ' I " Jack," she said in a whisper, " why have they let you come here-to say good- bye? I never blamed you, dear-God forgiTe me ! I admired and loved you all the more for it-to be so jealous showed how much you loved me ; (if I had been yon, and you me, I would have done it myself. .... Are you not shocked to see how wicked your little Elizabeth has grown? And because, having done it, you could take your punishment without a word of complaint .... though you were hard upon me, dear, very hard." She was smoothing the hair from his forehead as she spoke, satisfying by the mere touch of him the body and soul hunger with which she had longed for him through the last terrible weeks. Jack- dropped hie head down beside hers on the pillow. If she could love and cleave to him thus, believing him guilty, was he not indeed the richest man on earth ? Presently he would tell her presently. Daffy, who had always an exquisitely fine sense of when he was not wanted, had slipped out of the room, and gone down to the over-joyed Mrs. Chick, to request her to get something very nice for dinner. " If, for one brief moment," said Elizabeth, with her lips to Jack's cheek, "you suspected me of having disloyal thoughts to you, you must very soon have known how impossible such a thing could be. I could bear all the rest, but not that not that ! He was our friend, and I trusted and honoured him." She paused a moment, then went on again. j " Once I loathed and bated him, but I have suf i fered BO much since that morning, and I have forgiven him now. Sometimes I have thought that, not knowing I was sleeping there, he came down to speak to you.But you know best. It is true T had a little secret with him, my husband, and it concerned you. I could not bear to see you worried for money, and I might not sell those miserable sapphires (though I broke that vow afterwards), and I asked Barry to help me sell a reversion, to which I was entitled, and he was finding out all about it for me, and two or three times we met to talk it over. That night I sent him a note-just two or three lines-telling him that he might conclude the matter for me, and I gave it to Rose to place in his room. I never once woke during that night, and in the morning"-she paused, trembling. "How I hated him as I saw him lying there, when once I had looked in your face ! O, my God, that look of yours brings the colour to my face when- ever I think of it ;" (" God forgive me," groaned Jack.) "How could I be so vile a thing, and in so short a time? I was angry-I could not have kneeled to you then. Afterwards"-her head sank lower. " Elizabeth-my little love, my darling," he said, taking the small, pale face in both his hands, "try and remember, my sweet. Did Rose go downstairs after you went up that morning, and burn anything when she came back ?" " Yes-I smelt something burning like paper, but I didn't notice. I was listening for yonr steps on the stairs. O ! Jack I How long are they going to let you stay with me P" Jack looked down very solemnly and earnestly into Elizabeth's blue eyes-bluer and sweeter now, surely than they had ever been before. " Elizabeth, little wife," he said, "I did not kill poor Barry. I thought- don't take your arms away from me, child-don't shy a^ay from me. I thought that you killed him. Stay! forgive me yet once more-I thought that you had allowed him to admire you, for he loved you, Elizabeth, O, he loved you ! and that he misunderstood you, and yon, in your horror and anger at his appearance there, had slain him." Elizabeth lay like one stupefied, gazing at Jack. " Can you forgive me, love ?" he said, " that I could liv« with you, know your character, and all your sweet goodness, yet believe you capable of .such a brutal act of madness as that ? And I came to actually exult in it as a proof of how dearly you loved me ; but my only fear was, that when you accused yourself they would believe yon." ' "And so you could die for me ?" said Elizabeth, with trembling lips ; "you could not speak to me, but you could die for me-all guilty and worthless as I seemed. O ! what am I to deserve such love ? And I could think that you- you committed murder-" She grew paler yet, her heart almost stilled by stress of emotion, then she whispered : "Whodid it?" "Rose's lover," he whispered back ; "it was an accident-he came to steal your sapphires." Elizabeth laughed, and at the delicious sound Jack's heart bounded. "Those sapphires," she said. "What did you always say about them?" Her voice changed abruptly. " Barry-poor Barry !" she said. " O ! heavens, how T have wronged him '" The slow tears fell heavily down her white cheeks. " Might I not have known that it was impossible for him to change so.and he loved Daffy, and Daffy loved him. But how did he get your pistol ?" she added, suddenly. '"lient it to him only the week before. After being in those riots in Ireland he fancied himself shadowed over here, and carried firearms." i" Then how came that man from Scotland Tard to find it in your possession?" said Elizabeth, touching pitifully one of the hollows in young Jack's fice, aged beyond belief during the past weeks. j" When everybody had gone, and I was in the room alone, I saw something bright Baining between tie bed and the wall. It was the pistol I had lent pjior Barry. I had barely hidden it when I turned aad saw Mr. Skewton." I" And BO Rose drugged me that night ?" said Elizabeth, thoughtfully, " and it was at her sug- gestion that I first started the sleeping downstairs, which you never liked. But I had a horror of that low-ceilinged-room at the top. Oh, Jack ! if only we had not let poor Barry in !" "It's no good looking back," said Jack manfully, " it was all a miserable chapter of accidents-for Janin never meant to kill him. But he is sure of a light sentence." " Who is Janin P" said Elizabeth, so emboldened by happiness that she began to remember she had not broken her fast that day. " Rose's sweetheart. And but for Janin-and because he loved Daffy so much, that he actually confessed, more to make the little chap happy than to save me, I do believe-I should not be here to- night." " God bless Janin then," said Elizabeth. " Gor bless Janny !" echoed Daffy's voice, from the door, as, tied up in a cook's apron, he first ran to, and kissed them both, then anxiously asked what they would please to like for dinner, as he Îwas going to cook it. [THE END.] OUR NEW TALE FOR TUESDAY'S AND THURSDAY'S.-As abova, wa complota the publication of the tale, "Who Did It ?" and next Tuesday shall issue tho first portion of a new Sensational Story, en- titled «THE LOST MASTER." 