Political Points. Northumborland today. Nearly every defeated candidate has his eye upon Meloag. Question for candida'os: "In a ghost of a show" a "vision of defeat" I' The miners wi 1 do their duty to.day by recording three honest votes. A paradox: Candidates get frightened when they have not a ghost of a show. The Sydney Freetrade Preas are now elating Parkes. tats deserting the sinking ehics. Yesterday was "smoke oh !" in the politi cal campaign--neither nominations nor elec tions. Knowledgo is power no doubt; but the numbers on the poll are infinitely more sub stantial. The Victorian Parliamrent was opened yesterday, whon the Government submitted a multitude of promises. Where are already live aspirants for the leadership of the Labour Party in the Nore South Wales Parliament. What sort of a leader would Sir Georgo Grey make for theLabour party in the Now South Wales Parliament ? Five candidates for Northumberland have sincere objections to at least two in the con test. Now, who are they ? The election in Northumberland to-day promises to be a vsry close one, and each can didate is confident of euccese. The South Australian Guovernment is going in for land taxation, and will shortly intro dure a comprehensivs measure. Mr. 0. B. Dibbs is hun:hin'g with the much-porsecutod shearers' seoretary, Rao, the Labour candidate, in the Murrumbidgeo contest. The nominations for the' Wollombi take place at Gosford at noon to-day. Two Free .traders and a Protectionist wi'l probably be nominated. The poll for Northumberland last general election was declared at hIalf-past G. o'clock in the evening, but it is likely to be a little later to-day. John Haynes, senior member for Mudgee, declares himself a Labour man. He will have neither Parkas's support, nor his acquhin tance. The worm will turn. The Victorian Legislative Council has little to do. Yesterday evening some time was taken up in a senseless discussion on the meaning of the word "esquire." John Haynes considers his viltory at Mudgoe as a slap in the face of Prkes, for the electors endorsed his antagonistic vote on the motion of want of conlidence. Mr. James Thomson addressed meetings of the Northumberland electors at Wallsend and Lambton last evening, and was accorded a splendid reception in each case. Journalism threatens to be very prominont in the now 'Parliament. Members of tho Fourth fstate already returned are : Parkes, Cotton, Fitzgerald, Gillier, H?aynes, Rose, Traill, Torpy, Houghton, Sharp, Lees, and Black.' "In view of the certainty that the present Ministry will not hold oillee far another month," the Manawatu (N.Z.) Tnimes thinks it waste of time to discuse their proposals. This is precisely the condition' of affairs in New South Wales. Three of the smariest Labour members.- Messrs. Houghton, Sharp, and Filzgerald( are compositors. The public will not object to be rominded that Horses Greeley, Henry' George, and Mark Twain were also Knights of the Stick and Rule. Mr. J. A. Gorrick intends standing for tle Wollombi, and his friends state that in the event of his being returned, he will be as good as a fourth member for NNewcastle, as he will always take a lively interest in the welfare of the city. Tcehoro is consolation in this ciroumstanee. Nera Y'ork Hferald states that Lady Mao donald, widow of the lete Premier of Canada? is to obtain a peerage in recognition of the' distinguished services of her late husband. What Neow South Wales is thirsting to know is, will Lady Parkes he ales raised to the peerage when Sir Henry has passed his final Art of Parliament ?. The following was received by Mr. Hough.' ton from Sir George Grey :r-' Friend in lobby just said, ' This is a magnificont vio tory in Sydney.' It is. Congratulate you heartily." Mr. Houghton cabled to Sir George :-" Twenty-four labour candidates returned. Expect another ton. With grate ful acknowledgments, HorivrroN." How does Promier Parkes regard thsee cables P - ' News from Raratonga staites that the Par liament established by the British Resident met on the 4th instant. It consists of twelve members, who are paid 8Odol each. There is only one House, presided over by. the Chairman. of the Executive. Thie Govern ment consists of all the Ariki of the group, with Makea as chief. All the laws ansi Acts of Parliament, and of the Government, haeb to be approved by the British Resident. A' " Supremo court has also boon set up, consist ing of one Judge. Tire now PArliament has. imposed an import duty of 5 per cent.' on all goods imported into the grouip. Says Sir George Gray:-"Ho had heard some persons say that they did not believe anyone had any rights at all naturally; that the only natural right was the right of a strong man, because of his strength, to over rome the weak. It was ditioult to getit into nuen's minds that they had certain real natural rights; but they would have to be roner accustomed to 'recogniso the fact." Yes, the world moves slowly, and about the weariest going concern, with the exception of the gentle snail, is the honest, doubting, oare ful atom man,' who has laboured many can turies? with the delusion around his nook, that he should pause. for a decade at each' stop which brings him out of the mire of social and political thraldom. Apropos of the story told in 'our issue of Saturday with regard to Dan.O'Oonnor, the Poetmastor -GeneraI, our Sydney correspon. dent whites : "I have heard an equally good anecdote of the ahly Duan. I.o has boon eo in the habit oE taking as read all documents sent in.to him by his under-secretary, and' eigniag them as if he wore perfectly noa quaflted with their contents, that, recently, when the secretary sent in a solemn memo. to tho effect that one of the employers of the department was dead, the HJn. Daniel simply turned up the corner of the paper and wrote, with his usual big flourishes, the words, 'Approved. D. O'O.' Surely this will be a passport" for presentation to St., Peter I" '. .. , .." The grand old Democral, Sir George Grey, has been making esme signiQcant allusions to the Labour party in hew South Wales. Ho'. declared that: " The poor, having boeri awakened to what their: trine position wae;. naturally struggled to obtain, what they belisvbd to be their rights. The 'struggle would be carried on with absolute fairnees. Us had, met many of the lodores of the Labour movement, and he had felt that they were educated, mild in thought, sympathetic,: and good men-men with' whom lie could' aeseoiate with with perfect esosr, condidoe,... and pleasure, and men from whom he had': never hoard a single violent word against those abovo them, from whom he had never hoard any expression that was wild or fan tastic. They were men who had the earnest • purpose before them of obtainieg for their follows rights which were absolutely their righlte." AV'E you seen the Men's Flannel Shirts at is 11d, Men's White Shirts at is lid, Mon's Coloured Shirts atie, Boys' Coloured Shirts at Gs, at Winn's role at the Mutual Stores. IlxfEX .-Mr. G. Watson hon been ap. poidted agent for the Neiwoastle Hteralre from June 16th, 1891, at ilexham, vice Mr. '. SGrayetone. 