. .; ^niix^esaeiita. DRAMATIC & MUSICAL NOTES. (Bt Touchstone.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. No 96. THEATRE ROYAL. Saturday, October 8, 1864. Extra night of COMEDY, FARCE, SINGING, AND DANCING, By the whole strength of the company. ON MONDAY NEXT. Positively the LAST NIGHT, As the company start for Hobart Town on Tuesday. MR CHARLES DILLON Will appear in his celebrated character of SIR GILES OVERREACH A NEW- WAY TO PAY OLD DEBTS. OBSERVE POSITIVELY THE LAST NIGHT. The Marian willis Dramatic Company are concluding a three weeks season at the Hobart Theatre Royal. Stacey's 'Hans the Boatman' Company, /open in Hobart, next week. Advices from Western, Australia are to the that the Taylor- Carrington, Dramatic Company- have . just completed the most-successful- tour -of that country' yet recorded in its theatrical annals. Dur ing the 'concluding performance at Peith, Mr .Taylor, Miss Carringtoh/ and : the leading ; members of the company, were called' before the curtain, and accorded | quite a demonstration. Mr Taylor an nounceil.ho had cleared £1000 during his stay in the country. This popular com pany will probably visit Launceston about July or August. ' . The following billa are at present run ning at the various Melbourne and Sydney ? theatres:— Melbourne— Royal^ 'The New Eusb' j Princess's, 'The Old Guard'; Bijou, 'The Butler'; Opera House, 'Evan geline'; Alexandra, 'The Scout.' Sydney — Royal : — ' London Day ' by Day'; Her Majesty's, ' Corsican Brothers' ; Cri terion, 'Imprudence'; Garrick, 'Fun -on the Bristol.' ' ' ; At : the Alexandra Theatre, Melbourne, the celebrated rifle shot, Dr. Carver will appear in conjunction with Mr Alfred Dampiers Dramatic Company in a drama entitled 'The Scout.' Dr. Carver will ap pear in conjunction with liia organisation of cowboys, Mexicans, wild Indians, etc. , On Monday evening last at the Opera House, Melbourne, was produced for tha first time outside America an opera bouffe in three acts bearing the title, of 'Bvaa.- geliriei' This work, which has , during the past sixteen years_ enjoyed an a!mo_Bt un exampled popularity in the States, is the joint production of Mr E. E. Eice and Mr Jlieever Goodwin, the former of whom .is now on a visit to the colonies to superin tend its introduction to the public: of Aus tralia, As its title would indicate, the opera 'deals with the incidents of Long lellowjs iiivangeline,. whicn ? to. suit the circumstances of the, case, are of course burlesqued almost out of recognition.; but the idea in the minds of Messrs Bice and ;? Goodwin was to. amuse the public, and this, in America at least, they have for the past sixteen years succeeded in doing. ? A character who intrudes' his person-' ality ? into each . individual . saene of the -.opera without ever. . giving utterance to a single syllable may sboiu an odd notion, but the Lone Fisherman has so thoroughly established his popularity in . the States that it is only reasonable to sup pose. he will succeed in pleasing the public, in the colonies equally well. No. matter how .skilfully the Iover3 may lay their plans for an interrupted.interview.the Lone Fisherman is always in' evidence ; if they fta awaV to a desert island his ' everlaBtiner Jishinpr-rod is ' seen dangling from the rocks.'' . ' '.?-???:-;?_.'??' ?'/ '???? ? ?'''??'? Barry Sullivan; the' celebrated tragediam, so well remembered; by ''old colonial play , goers, is dead. ''v'i'1 .''V';. .,'' '.' r That best of farcial comedies, 'The Private Sscretary,' is'having a big run at -the Islington Grand; Ii'pndon.' -Messrs 2?tant Thornton and1 J.' G. Grahame; with: the other members of Mr C. H. Hawtree's company, are presenting it very effectively. The Queen has presented Mr John Hare, the clever character actor, with a hand some' scarf pin in commemoration of his appearance before her at Windsor Castle on the 17th iri'st. The design of the pin is the Imperial monogram ' T.E.I.' in dia monds, surmounted by the Imperial Crown in sold, set with diamonds. The Camp of the Dahomey Amazons is the latest boom in Paris, On Sunday, March 8, there were 45,000 visitors at the Jardiii d' Acclimatation, where these female warriors are on view; ? ; Mr Walter Bentley, who visited Australia several years ago, is announced to reappear in London in some Shakesperian' part, after a long absence in America and in the English provinces. Mr Bentley is a son of the late Dr. Begg.the eminent Presbyterian minister of Edinburgh. Bantley is, of course, a theatrical name. The Italian tragedian Rossi lately appeared for the first time in' Vienna as 'Ivan the Terrible,' in a drama of that name' by the late Count Tolstoi. . The announcement- that Henry Irving means shortly -to revive 'The Corsican .Brothers has given rise to some interest ing speculations as' t6 whether ',the super natural business in that piece will be done in. an improved style. 'It is remembered that, :as formerly produced by Mr Irving, is left much to be desired in that respect. The '.ghost did his spiriting in too mechanical a fashion. Hopes are, however, expressed that in this instance the manager of the Lyceum will be able t© provide a spectre fit to satisfy the most exacting member of the Physical Society. A new theatre is about to be built in Lima. The architect is an Englishman, Edward Clark. The chief materials he will use, he says, are ' steel wire and elastic concrete.' He hopes thereby to provide against the contingencies of earth quake. Early this month Mr Augustus Harris was to revive, at Druary Lane, London, the late Mr Charles Eeade's play, 'It's Never Too Late to Mend,' in which Mr Charles Warner will reappear as T«m Eobinson. Accounts from Shanghai are to the effect that Madame Patey's concert in that city on. Febl 5 was well attended and in all xespects a great success. Prom. China Mr and Madame Patey go to Japan, afterwards taking Queensland on their -way back to Sydney.' Later on they give concerts in New Zealand. ' Mr Lawrence Barrett, the famous actor recently ,:died suddenly at New York from heart' disease. On the ? night pre vious to his death Mr Barrett played De Mauprat ,j;o Booth's Eiohelieu, ia. 'Lord Lytton's well-known play. During the' performance he was seized with a chill, and was obliged, to retire1'1 'at the ;iend of the third act and leave the finishing of the part to his understudy. :On« the following: day pneumonia set in, and he gradually grew won'e- until death supervened. Mrs Lawrence Barrett was'pre3enf during the illness and at the moment of the death of her husband. Lawrence' Barratt, having been born in April, 1838, was closo upon fifty-three.1 He was well-known to Eng lish playgoers, having viaitad London in 1867, 1881, 1833 and 1884, and -on the occasion of his last visit, whon he appeared in many of his prominent roles, Iwas. favourably received. During his life, he played with all the most dUtingui. hed American actors — . Fone-t, .;. Booth, McCulloiigh. Charlotte, C'u nuan.. He achieved great success in , 'Richeliou, 'iulius CtBBB.t.' 'Torick's Love,' and ' Pendragon.' His 'Caasius' was con sidered the ? best of his Shakesperian impersonations. - He played also ' ;Hamlet,' - 'Richaid III.,' 'Shyloek,' and, -Lear.' When he last visited 'England he was entertained to dinner at the Langham Hotel, LordLytton presiding/by his name sake, Mr Wilson Barrett. 