THE DOCTORS SHOK THEIR HEADS. “I would give a million dollars for a stomach,” said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Air. Thomas Gaskiu, of No. 3, Poplar How, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so r ich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he hnd for one thing he hadn’t got. Here is his statement, lie shall toll it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say:—“Up to eight years ftgo 1 had never lost an hour’s work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Hcostou, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, 1 had ft dread ful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would till with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my Ungers. My chest used to ‘111! up,’ and my throat would swell so that I couldn’t button ny shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phelogm, 1 had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my cars. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. “I then went ns out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months hrittiioT itr yrwrnnthin iim r like a ghost walking about, and my friends said 5£ was all-up with me. For eighteen mouths I kept: getting better, then worse, and at last the doct£$'£| recommended me to try a change of air. Smtfjp’ came to Darley Abbey, and my former nmstcttxapS me an indoor recommendation to tile Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all file' beds in the hospital were full, ami also two doctors at Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and 1 saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, “ you arc in a galloping consumption, and must diethe othei doctors, after sounding m3’ lungs aud,che.st, said nothing, but shook their heads. “Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his garden and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would bo away for a few days. Things went on like this until Decemlsw, 1888, when 1 caught a cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely- I was always coughing and spitting uj> phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the plogm would choke me. At this time the whites of ny C3 - cs turned yellow; and m3 - eyes were blood shot. My - lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out in a cold, clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. 1 lost over a stone weight in three weeks. “ 1 managed to get up f jr a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to iako hold of the furni ture to move a few yards. I was always tired and woar3’, ami sitting or lying, was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read, ! often .-at for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn’t bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. “ The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 4 1 can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because 3’our lungs aro diseased.” I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything 1 could hear of. One. was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to sec me said, 4 Well, you won’t cough much longer, you have merely to pre pare for another world,’ About the middle of March. 1889, a neighbor named Joseph Tathnm, who works in tho paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, 44 Tom, did you ever try Mother Soigel’s Syrup,” and told mo how ho had been cured after being in the hospital. Ho spoke so ranch in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Air, Smith’s Stores in Victoria street. After the first dose 1 had an evacuation ns black as ink, and vomited. Then 1 fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my I food kept down, and in a few days more 1 was able to go out for a short walk. By tho cud of a fortnight I wont to sec my master, who asked me what had wrought tho improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Scigul’s Syarup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. 44 0f course my strength did not return all at once, hnl after taking Seigel’s Syrup for six mouths I was strong as over in my life and have continued soever vincc.” In giving his consent to tho publication of this remarkable statement. Air. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubtess to him or to Mr. Keotloy, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged Air. Gaskiu has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent re putation. Now, what was the complaint from which ho suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly, as one of the doctors thought, or he would have galloped into the grave in loss than three months, instead of growing worse for sown years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia, or chronic gastric catarrh, which has lung symptoms like consumption, fur-which it is oftcu ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel’s Syrup, was used tho disease yielded, ns all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, ami commond the facts of Ills case tv) all thinking people.—(Advt.) 