THE ''WOMAN'S WORLD, The Librarian of the London University says that ever sinco women were admitted to tlio examinations, ho prepares for examination days extra bottles of water. This is becauso tho gentlo sex so persistently over-work themselves and get nervous and excited that some of them always faint, or at least feel sc n n well that, they havo to give up the examination. The men and boys, on tho contrary, take everything very coolly, and never have to be resuscitated in the librarian's office. A. fashion of the moment is to give ' coloured ' dinm-is or luncheons. Pink, or yellow, for instance, the whole of the table decorations being carried out in unit)'.'- -imui-B ui mo scieuieu colour, oven tlie sauces, ices, md creams being tinted to correspond. The newest menu-card is a tiny Louis XY. screen, with eVboratcly gilded sides and top. To be able to inake'Auld things look amaist as weel's the new ' used to be considered high praise. Now it is the other way — at least with furniture, and lady decorators aro successfnl in proportion, as they can imitate old Chippendale, old oak, or old Sheraton furniture. Sometimes the old habit is too strong for lh- in, however ; for instance, when a quaint old spinett is converted into a prosiac sidoboard, and instead of the ghosts of old-world romances, odours of dinner and blaok-coated waiters hover round it. Such are the mistakes that over-zealous lady decora tors sometimes make. . Now that the whooping cough season is at hand, and the east wind introduces other disagreeable forms of catarrh into the land of tho Lilliputs, tho subject of t he little ones' dress (remarks an authority on children's clothing, writing iu tho ])aily News) is worth a I, bought or two. They havo all been having new raiment, both boys and girls, and after the trials of standing still to be fitted and tried on, and the proximity of cold steel in tho form of scissors when tho ' neck was sloped,' they aro eager to ex perience tho pleasant side of new clothcsmid wear them .is soon as possible. The children associate light tints and thin fabrics with summer joys, and vaguely hope to enjoy the latter when they don the former. But the judicious mother knows too well that the oast wind is much more treacherous and dangerous than tho hard frosts we have so recently experienced. Warm winter garments are not to be lightly relinquished, or, if any change be made in the upper strata, the thickness of those beneath must rather ba increased than diminished. It is difficult to obtain sensible under garments for the little ones. They generally stop short, just, whero warmth is needed. Small petticoat bodices arc cut away round tho shoulders, leaving the upper part of tho chest and back without the pro lection they all'ord to tho rest of the body. The really sensible petticoat comes upas high as tho dress, with the exception of the collar of the latter. Many experienced mothers choose this dangerous season of early spring for puttingnew llannels on the youngsters. They know that often a cough and cold is thus averted. But too frequently the old traditions are followed. 'The nursery folk aro invested with new-, warm llannels in autumn, when they are not half so badly needed as now. In form, the small garments retain the impress of the ' good old times,' when children wore low bodies and short sleeves all day long, and the under wear had to be planned consistently with this custom. ?Strong and hardy men and women were, it is true, sometimes reared under this system, but modern physicians are unanimous in condemning it. The climate may have changed. The characteristics and habits of our race may have altered. Certain it is i.hat the children of this generation are stronger, 'lealtliier, and happier when neck and arms are -slothed than when the vanity of mothers causes the pretty little chest and arms to be displayed. Short jocks are now seldom seen on any but babies in arms. Long, warm stockings of pure wool are the rule in ?. inter and spring, substituted by a mixture of wool and cotton or Lisle thread in summer. t... : ? rt ? ,„:ui„ — K.,~: — :~.ll.. xt 194UU.U puasiuio uu uio» UllllUI un ujrgiemuu.iijf '.vithout making frights of them, tboughsomo parents 10 not seem to think so. They turn out, their girls mcli objects that the sensitive little souls are exposed ro the ridicule of their small world, with disastrous jft'och upon the tender, gentle spirit. A favourite fad is that of keeping tho hair cropped short, like a boy's. It is true that undue length of looks is burdensome to the youthful head and injurious in more ways than one. But there is a happy medium which avoids I his, aud at the same time permits the hair to bo the 11 nameut. which it is evidently meant by Nat, lire to 'ui. Another ugly item in the programme of tho hygienic school is the loose blouse bodice, which has tbsolutely nothing to recommend it. It makes the small wearers look round-shouldered ; and though its reason for existing is based on the theory that it averts tightness round the waist, every mother knows that the tendency of nursemaids is to tighten its fastenings in order to got rid of some of iW untidy effect. Another good argument against it is its chilliness. It bulges out from the figure and is not half so warm as a garment that fits more closely. Perhaps the very best form of house-dress for children is that, which originated some seasons ago in l ho jersey costume for adults. It consists of a long waisted bodice, to which o short skirt is attached, the whole being made of warm stockinette, or woollen material. The bodice comes down well over tho hips, and has either a wrong side of warm woolliness or a lining of some pure wool fabric. The ordinary dress linings of the grown-up wearer are all wrong, especially forchildren. They interfere with the benefits conveyed by the wool. During tho severities of tho past, memor able winter some sensible mothers had their little sirls dressed in gowns of the above description, worn over warm woollen, knickerbockers to match, with but one comfortable knitted petticoat between. This wns, like the woollen underwear, made to come up well in the neck. The outer dress could be modified to differences of temperature. Bibbed woollen stockings of tho closest and most protective make, cover the legs, and must, on no account, be short. They should cover the limbs well up beneath the knickerbockers. In attire of this order many a Happy little girt lias leir. as independent, as lier brother during tho long dark months, and has I escaped the chills and coughs that so easily bosot the young in our English winter. Nothing better could be devised for their wear throughout the next few weeks, '? till May is out:' However bright and balmy a day may shine upon us hero and there during the next two months, thero is certain to oe a return of tho chill cast wind. During the last few years, with tho 0110 brilliant and delightful exception of May, 1890, wo have had hardly any warm weather till the end of June. Aitu thero any people left who leave off fires in the second weok of May and do not light them again till' the middle of October ? If the race is not. extinct, its members would find kindred spirits in those indi viduals who put their children into summer frocks and sun-bonnets at a certain date in every spring, re gardless of what the temperature may be. These pretty littlo white sun-bonnets, delicious as children look 'in them, aro by no means a sensible sort of lieud genratany time. They cumber the cars andnecktoo inueh, heating them greatly when tho weather is wnrm nnd disposing tho small wearers to catch cold when the bonnet, is taken off. The straight-down smock-frocks of last season will continue to be worn through this, and the sensible reefer jnckot still holds its own for both boys and girls. It affords all needful protection without too much weight, such as is often inseparable from a longer coat. Mothers ore frequently unaware of the fact that their children's frocks and coats havo become rather tight for them across the chest, and oven if tlioy notice it, they do not seom to realise how in jurious this is, o^ing to tlio tightness drawing the shoulders forward and compressing tho che't., when expansion ought, 'to bo tho rule. Adults feol tho dis comfort of tightness, and traco it to its source, but children submit to have the hooksor buttons dragged o\er to tho eyea or buttonholes, and never think that tho consequent compression is the reason they feel cross and disagreeable. Elders must, think for them, and try for themselves if there is plenty of breathing room within the halt-worn bodices and coats, for it is useless to expect the average nurserymaid to pay any attention to details that seem to her of but littlo importanco. The newest stylo of canvas embroidery {'fhe Queen says) known as ' ivory work,' and is executed upon tho best qualities of French single-thread tammy cloth. Tlio designs havo lost much of their original formality, and scrolls, arabesques, and conventional llowors and leaves aro now traced upon tho material. Tho term ' ivory ' is appliod to this embroidery from tho fact of cream coloured filosello alono being used for tho fillings. Tho outlines, however, may bo worked in liny colour that happens to bo convenient, and thus a resemblance, real or fancied, is obtained to inlaid ivory. Some of the brat offects are ga inod by tho use of gold thread as an out lining, but dull slnto, brown and tcrra-cotta aro almost, equally popular. Chain, outline rope stitch and couching aro suitable for followiifathe lines of tlio patterns, while for fillings tho worked lias nil almost unlimited number of fancy stitches to choose from, some of which cover tho background closely, whilst others form an open lat tice-work over it. Ivory work maybe used for tea-cloths, chair backs, comb and nightdress oases, cushion covers, and many other fancy articles to which such a fabric as canvas is ap propriate. 