NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho R.M.S. Britannia, of tho P. and O. line arrived last night from London with a large number of passengers and mails up to the 20th November. The Britannia left London on the 13 th ult., and so has made a remarkably fast passage. The ship was delayed at Colombo for several hours, and the weather in the run down to Albany was so boisterous that she had a dead drive against head seas. Captain J. Orman did not press the ship, but made average runs of between 365 and 375 miles per day. On one occasion she covered 385 miles in the 24 hours. The passage is the fastest ever made by a P. and O. Company's steamer, and all associated with the ship, including the pas sengers, are naturally very jubilant. The well known actor, Mr. H. R. Harwood, and his wife were passengers from London. Tho officer who went to England in charge of the Australian Rifle Team, Colonel Price, was a passenger by the vessel from London. Tho R.M.S. Ophir, of thoOriont Lino, arrived on Saturday morning from London. The Ophir is a beautiful vessel, with accommodation lor ovor 800 passongers. Tho saloon is amidships, tlie second saloon under tho poop, and tlia steer age on tlio third deok. The vessel is com- mantled by Captain J. F. Ruthven, who was last hero in tho R.M.S. Austral. Tho onginas nro very powerful, and, tlie ship being provided with twin screws, gives hor an advantage over otlior steamers. Tlio average speed maintained on the voyage out wob Ity knots, but she is oxpeoted to do far hotter on the voyage home. Tho ship was dolayod nt Naples for two days by an neoident to tlio condensing pipes. The Ophir left on Saturday night for Syrlnoy. The Legislative Council moots this afternoon at 3 o'olock to resume the debate in committee oh tho Railway Act 1890 Amendment Bill. Ia view of tlio unsatisfactory results attending the examination of Sir. Speight at tlio bar of the House, nnd tlio fact tliat ills evidence oan in no way affcot the consideration of a measure tliat seeks to abolish tlio autocratic control of tlio commissioners, it is questionable if the sup- portoroof tliosooilicorswillonllupoiiMr. Speight's oollongnes to go through the samo farce. No good purppsooonld possibly be nerved liysueha fugitive inquiry, and in these circumstances tlie proposal to call Mr. Kibblo, late assistant trnflio man- ngor, nnd Mr. Parker, formerly connected witlt the Engineer's in Chief's department, but after wards ongnged supervising tlie construction of railways, especially portions of tlio Great Southern railway, to rclmt tlio testimony of Air. Speight, is not desirable. Ampio jiutiBcation for tlio measure is furnished in the disgraceful swindle at Maryborough and the utter inca pacity displayed in the construction of the Dean's Marsh, "Wnranga and Woorageo railway stations, which Bpeak trumpet tongucd for a reorganisation of tho railway administration. Tho Govornmont is determined not to pro- rogno until tlio Council has passed the Railwuy Bill, henco tho members of that Chamber will he asked to sit late to-day and to meet early to morrow in order to dispose of tlio measure. Thoro aro 17 other measures on the notice paper to he dealt witli, all of whioli could ho disposed of in a very few hours, as the majority of them are of an unimportant character; nnd if tho Railway Bill Is passed to-morrow ovoning without being amended to such an extent as to render it unacceptable to tho Legislative Assembly, the prorogation will take place on "Wednesday. Wlion tlio Logislntivo Assembly meets to-mor row, Mr; Sliiels will move n series of resolutions affirming tho expediency of cohsfruitinc new- railway linos from AYarraeknatyal to Galaquil, Donald to Wirruinbircliip, Natimuk to Goroki;, Nnthnlia to Picois, Alberton to Woodsidc, Glens rowan to Hcdi, Trarnlgon to Mcrriinnn's Creek, Alexandra branch to Alexandra, Allansfout to Nirrandn, Princes-bridge to Fitzroy, Princes- bridge to Colliugwood,' 'and.- from Now- mnrkot to Buokloy-stroot. The inemhors of tlie Parliamentary Standing Committeo on Railways nro ineonsod nt the Govern- inont not including all their rccocn- moiidatious in tho resolutions, and Mr. Bent, as chairman of thnt body, lias given notice of liis intention to movo similar resolu tions alii iming the oxpodiency of construct ing linos from Lnancaorrio to Llanelly, War- ragul to 1|1 'Donald's Track, Neeriin South to Neoriin, mid from Floinington-bridgo to Pascoo Vale. When tlio Minister of Railways submitted his resolutions on Thursday, nnd Mr. M'Intyro learned tliat tlio Government liad declined to adopt such an outrageous recom mendation as tlie line from Lnnuecoorie to Llnnolly, ho promptly crossud ovor to tlia Oppo sition benches witli the remark that lie would lio longer Bupport tlie Government. It is inuch better tliat tlio Government should loso the Bap- port of tlio vacillating member for Mnldon than to burden tlio country with tho construction of a lino for which there is no justification what ever. Tho resolutions will bo nttaoked by sovernl members who consider their districts have liocii unjustifiably loft out in the cold by the Railway Committeo. The business to bo proceeded witli after tho resolutions are dis posed of includes thclrrigntion and Water Supply Loans Bill, tlio Cominittoo of Publio Accounts Bill, Railway Loan Act (estimate of expendi ture), Dofeuoos and Disoipline Act, and the Publio Service Act Amendment Bill. 'Of oourse thoro is not tho slightest proba bility that anything of aonscqucnco will result from tlio coufcranco which Mr. G. Davis, M.L.C., proposes should take plnee botwcoo deicgaVes from the Legislative Council and tho Legislative Assombly on tiie " one man one vote" quostion. Iu pursuance of tho resolution carried by theCouncilon Friday evening, tliatsuoli a oonferonoo is desirable, Mr. Davis will to-day nominate the dolcgates to represent tlint Cham ber, after which a message will he scut down to tlio Legislative Assembly requesting tliat body to appoint a like number. Although a groat many members of tlie Legislative Assombly are disposed to strongly resent tho interference of tlie Counuil on a question nffooting tlie franchise of tlio popular Chamber, Mr. Muuro, it appears, is of opinion tliat it would not bo courteous on their part to rofuse to ontertain tiio request for an open conference. Tho Government, there- foro, will lie prepared to-morrow to submit the proposal to mombers. During the discussion in tho Legislative Assembly on tlio Treasury Bonds Dill, Air. Pattorson sounded a warning noto in regard to tlio increasing cost of the Public Service, and tlie absolute neueHsity for retronolimont. The favor with which Mr. Patterson's statements wore recoivod by all sidos of the House, showed iiow widespread is the fooling in tlio minds of memhors that something must bo dono in this matter. Whilst mombors arc in suoli a fromo of mind it is opportune to point out that tlioy should insist upon the Government oleariy indicating how it is intended to ad minister the Purification of tlio Rolls Bill when it bocomos law. That measure provides for the appointment of a oliiof electoral inspector, and an inspeotor to each elcotoral district. This means the appointment of at least 85 oiiiocrs, and if they are appointed from outside the ser vice, tlie country will he involved in an additional expenditure of at least £10,000 n year. These electoral inspectors will simply bo called upon to do tlio work now per formed by the electoral registrars. Various means might he suggested of avoiding sueh a heavy expenditure in thu administration of one act of Parliament. For example, tlie Govern ment might consider the desirability of having the work performed by the truant officers of tiio Educntion department in the difreront electorates. As tiie work of inquiring into tlio bo nd fides of ralcpaying aud non-ratojiayiug doctors will he confined to a fow weeks each year tlio truant officers might undertake it, with a slight increased remuneration, without interfering with tiieir oilier duties. Iu anticipa tion of the bill becoming law this week the Chief Secretary lias requested tho Publio Service Bonrd to nrrango for tlio appointment of tho necessary officer to collect information for the guidance of the revision courts whioh sit next February. Ah hofnrn remarked, inombors should insist on being informed how inuch tlio country will Iiavq to pay for tho purification of the tells. Tho date of the next Pcmtel Oonfcronco bos not beon finally fixed, but tho l'ostma&tar-; Gcnernl statcH that it will probably take pjflcc in Hobart during February. Communications received by the postal dopartmonts of the various colonics from the British Postmastor-Ocnoral, asking that reductions on tbo carriage of naws papers to England should bo introduced at tho Australian and similar to tho rates now charged from homo, will bo considered. Mr. Duffy and tho other Australian Postmastern-Ooncral aro now preparing an agenda paper for tho confer- once. The plans for the pneumatic service proposed to be instituted in connection with the General Post Office and branch offices in the city are now nearing completion. The first work undertaken will be the laying of a pneumatic tube between the General Post Olfice and Spencer- Street, where a now office is to be opened in connection with the sta tion. Definite arrangements have, however, not yet been completed, but everything is expected to be in order by the time the Post- master-General is in possession of the compteted plans. Tenders will then be called for carrying the work out immediately. A consignment of 145 tons of prime factory butter was despatched to London on Saturday by the mail steamer Ballaarat. Tho export appointed by the Agricultural department to examine tbo various parcels of butter forwarded to the refrigerating works at Newport, where they are tested and classified before being placed in the cool chamber on tho steamer, rejected 80 cases of merchants' butter and 34 eases of fnc tory butter as not being up to the standard. It is to bo noted that the 34 cases of factory butter rojeoted were sent by a factory whoso consignment by tbo first boat carrying bonus butter to London rcnlisod £5 16s. per cwt, the highest price obtained. It is explained that this butter was manufactured during cool weather, whilst the butter which has now been rejected was made during hot weather, tlio factory not possessing cool chamber- accommo dation. This clearly demonstrates tho necessity of manufacturing butter in an equable tempera ture. It has been represented to tbo Minister of Agriculture by tho managers of scvoral orcamorios that if tho usual practice is fol lowed by the Railway department of partially suspending tlio goods traffic arrangements during the holidays it will put them to great inconvenience, as thoy will not bo in .a position ! to forward their regular supplies of cream to ' the metropolis. Mr. Graham brought the matter under the notice of tho Railway Com missioners, who have agreed to make special arrangements for bringiug cream to Melbourne from those stations whence supplies aro regu larly forwarded, and also to take charge of con signments where large quantities are offered for carriage. Attention was recently drawn In the columns of The Aye to the unsatisfactory arrangement under which war material is purchased for tlio colony, particular stress being laid upon the fact -that Mujor-Genural Uardinge Stewart, military adviser to the Government— who uotsin a similar capacity for tho other colonics— Is on the retired list of Imperial officers, and not being au cou nt nl with the manufacture and uuo of the meet modern improvements in war materials, should bo superseded by an officer on tho active list. The suggestion mot with the approval of the defence authorities, and tho other colonies being Approached on the matter it was agreed to enter into an arrangement by which a compe tent officer on the active list, and, if possible, a member of the Imperial Ordnanco Service Com mittee should bo engaged to act as military ad viser on behalf of all the colonies. Accordingly Sir Frederick Snrgood, on behalf of this colony, Jina written to the Agent- General requesting h.im to not in concert with the Agents-General of the other colonies in the matter. Tho Governments of the other colonies havo instructed their representatives in Ten don to do likewise. According to the qualifications laid down the officer must have recently puss hi through tlio manufacturing . department of the "Woolwich arsenal, be folly qualified to inspeotand pass nil warlike materials and storeB and bu acquainted with the latest patterns of suoh material. Mujor-General Hard- inge .Stewart received £1500 from the colonies, but under the new arrangement the military adviser will be paid £800, with £200 fora clerk. Amongst the advantages to bo gained will be uniformity in the war material supplied to all the colonics and tho assistance of tiie Imperial Ordnance Committee, the highest military authority in Great Britain. Bush fires havo frequently been caused through carelessness on the part of school children, and the (T-ttoution of the Minister of Public Instruc tion has been drawn by the officors of the forest branch to the desirability of issuing a warning on this subject. At tho request of Sir Frederick Snrgood, a circular noto 1ms boon sent by the Secretary of Education to the head teachers of schools in tho country districts requesting them to draw tho particular attention of their pupils to the danger of lighting firos in tho open air. A supplement to the Government Gazette was i&sucil; on Saturday, containing a correct supplementary roll of State schools, Stuto school teachers and of the rc-classification of State schools up to the 19th December. The roll is signed by the board of classifiers, Messrs. T. fiiodribb, W. H. Nicholls and "W. Murray Hois. Vfe understand that the case of Mr. ex-Suporin- k-iftlmt Reginald Green 1ms been brought before the Chief Secretary, who has promised to give it his consideration at an early opportunity. llis Excellency tho Earl of Hopctoun has intimated bis intention to be present the first afternoon of the match between Lord Sheffield's team and 16 of tho Melbourne cricket club, which will be played on Tuesday and "Wednes day next, 22nd and 23rd inst., on the M.O.O. ground. A very gratifying condition of affairs in regard to the University extension movemont, which wan inaugurated in Victoria some four mouths ago, was disclosed at the coiebration of 11 extension day "at the University on Satur day. The rcjKjrt showod that tho leading pro fessors and leoturers at tlio Molbourno Uuiversity have interested themselves warmly in tho scheme, and that in tho 10 centres wliero classes have beon formed there are already 1382 students enrolled. „ In addition to this, arrangements have been made for starting three now classes at tho beginning of next year. Tho leoturers have beon most cordially received in tho various districts, aud although there was at first a marked preference for curtain lecturers, the classoB wore now perfectly willing to accept the selec tion of the University Extension Board. The movement it) entirely self supporting, and there is every appearance of it greatly extending. Professor Morris, in delivering tho chairman's address, ulludcd regretfully to tho severance by Professor Jeuks of his connection with tho Uni versity, remarking that that gentleman had thrown indefatigable zeal, energy, vigor and enthusiasm into all his work, and more especially into the extension movement. Professor Jenkg, who was called on to speak, stated that it pained him ; very deeply to sover his conneotion with tho .! board, which ho would not have done bad lie not been absolutely convinced of tho Tightness of his position. It was, ho said, perhaps. on© of ironies of life that some men on the counail whose policy was doubtlessly well intentioned aud honest wore tho mon whose planH in relation to the extension scheme he bad been heartily will ing and anxious to carry out. The arrangements of Supreme Court business for 1892 wero announced by tho Chief .Tustice in tho Banco Court on Saturday morning. They aro subject to any clmngo that may bo tendered necessary, but of this due notice will bo given. Sittings of tho Full Court will be bold during tho months of February, April, June, August, October and December. Trials of causes with juries will be heard in March, May, July, September and Novombcr. The bearing of causes without a jury will take place in every month of the year. In July no causes will bo heard except in the latter part of the month. For convenience, causes the subject matter of whioh belongs exclusively or chleify to what was formerly known as the equity jurisdiction will be groui>ed together in tho lists. 'The Bats for February will be imme diately published. Special cases from Courts of Mines and wardens will bo heard at the be ginning of February, May, August and Novem ber. Sittings in the divorce und matrimonial causes jurisdiction will take place In March, Juno, Soptombor and December. Criminal trials will bo held in tho latter part of every month of tlio year, beginning with Februnry. Mr. Justice TToorl will he the vacation judge, sitting in Chambers on Tuesday, the 22nd and 29th December, tho 5th, 12th, 19th and 26tli January. His associate will attend from 10 to 12 on the day preceding tho sittings to issue uummonsos. Tho Full Court on Saturday morning de livered two reserved judgments. In the ease of tho Midns Extended Gold Mining Company an order had beon mado for winding up. . Tho order of the court below was set aside, and the appeal allowed with costs. In tho caso of Cur- wcn v, Lyons, tried by the late Mr. Justice "Webb In Msroh last, Alexander E. Curwon, a bank clerk, had obtained a vordict for £1000, condi tionally on his transferring 5500 shares standing in Ids name in tho Yan Yean Land Company to tho defendant, James Lyons. The defendant's appeal was dismissed with costs. Motions for judgment were dealt with by Mr. Justice Molesworth in the Practice Court on Saturday morning. In the libel notion for £5000 damages brought by Mr. G. D. M'Cormick, P.M., against Mr. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.C., ex Minister of Justice, judgment was entered for the defendant with costs of action, and also cost of the refer- ence to the Full Court upon the issue on which he succeeded, the plaintiff to have the costs of the other two issues. In the action for negli- gence against Mr. J. M. Davies.M.L.C., Minister of Justice, and Mr. J. M. Campbell, trading as Davtos aud Campbell, judgment was entered for tho plaintiffs, Robert J. Mills, estate agent, and "William A. Taifc and James Cunningham, grocers, with costs of action and of the roferonco to tlio Full Court. ' In tho aottdn by George Kelly, surveyor, against tho municipality of Richmond, judgment was entorod for tho plain tiff for £128 12s. with costH, defendants to havo tho costs of the issuos ou which they succeeded. The cntato of St John A. Biggs, legal mana ger, Melbourne, was on Saturday released from sequestration by order of Judgo Worthington in the Insolvency Court. The creditors havo accepted a composition of Id. in tho pound. Wo have received from Y.7.. 2s. 6tl. on behalf of tho family whoso easo was brought under notice In The Aye of Friday by Mr. Austin Jamus. We have revolved tho sum of £5 from Thankful Heart to bo distributed as follows Benevolent Asylum, 20s.; Women's Hospital, 20s.; Immigrants' Homo, 20s.; City Mission, 20.; and Alfred Hos pital, 20s. Mr. R. W. Johnston acknowledges receipt of the following sums towards tho relief of the sufferers by the enrthqunkos In Japan Mr. R. Gillespie, £1 ; J. A. Johnstone, Streatlmm, £1 ; I)., lis. A popular recital, entitled Marluy's Ghost, will bo given by thu Rev. 8. H. Ferguson in tho Claren don-street Presbyterian Church, South Melbourne, to-night Tbo chnplnin of tho Victorian Socmen's Mission desires to acknowledge receipt of £1 Is. from Mr. Knlkingbam, towards a tea for the sailors on Christinas day In tho seaman's Institute, Port Mel bourne. N A special meeting of depositors in the South Mol bourne Permanent Building Society is called for Wednesday night at tho town hall, South Mel bourne, to consider tho advisability of winding up voluntarily. A' contribution of £2 was acknowledged in Fri day's fssuo as having been received on behalf of the Women's Hospital, from the pupils of Miss (I'ravenor's school. The contribution was intended for the Sick Children's Hospital. Wo aro desired by Mr. James Hall, hon. secretary of tlio Law Institute of Victoria, to draw tho atten tion of solicitors to an advertisement appearing in another column of tho meeting to bo held this even ing at tho Athciucuui I fall, Collins-street. Following their annuel custom, the staff of the Victorian ami Rivorina branehoH of the Bank of Australasia havo sunt In tltoir donation for the special Christinas treat to tho Children's Hospital, representing Is. from ench member of the staff. Tho amount this Christinas Is £13 19s, 