> iiTHS "SPECTRE CkSTAlH.- ' Queer Acts ol a Ghost Which Haxmts ; a Steamer in Brooklyn Basin. " I'ii never go ont near the old Taber again," said a well-known boatman of East Oakland one Sunday as be lopked towards tho blaok hulk of the etesmsbip William Taber. whieb lieB near tbe Oakland estuary. "Why not?" .Why, because she io hannted. Last night I was ont with a party, and Iran my boat in under the stem ot tin old ship. As ws earns around on .the starboard side of the vessel some one halloed, " Who oomes there? Backwater quiok or I will shoot." 1 looked up, bat saw no one. Withme were two ladies and gentlemen, gaeels from Tnbbfi' Hotel. They heard the voice, hot, tike myself, were unable to res soy one. " The ladies were badly frightened, and begged me to poll away. I was about to do eo, when tbe watehman on the ship looked oyer the gangway and wanted to know -what Was op. "'Is it .you people that is making that arise down there?' queried the old fellow. If it is, yon had better steer way, because I have heard noises enoogbontbieehip to night without yon people coming along and making any more. " A WHITE -EC.BED ZIOWBX. Oontinoing his story, the beatman said : " I pulled away to the shore, and gb wa cleared the ship I saw a white robed figure on tbe bridge. It was that of an elderly man. He had a flowing white beard, and was directing the helmsman by hand Bignals. I saw as plain as eould ba the sprectre mo tioning to starboard, port, steady, etc., and occasionally he worid put down his hand as if to null tbe elow down or back bell in tho engine room. No bell responded, boitho figure on the bridge went throogh all tho motions. Aft st the gangway stood tbe watchman, and in tbe sheen of tbe moon- tight I saw the watchman of tho steamer. Hiaface was blanched and be culled ns back. Tbe ladies in the boat were terror-atiickcn and insisted npon my rowing to the tliore, 1 had no alternative hot to comply. By the time I landed tbem the tide was flooding, and, although I wanted to go out to the _ vessel, I oonoluded to wait nntil momiDg rather than row against the tide." This in enbstanoe was the ctory told by Old Sob, the well-known boatman in tbe Brooklyn Basin. The man is noted for his sobriety, and his story lo the ifivct that there is a spectre captain on the old Taber ia confirmed by a number of oanoeisls who row on that portion of tbe bay known as Brooklyn estnary. They all claim to hsvc Seen the " rid man on the bridge," and are positive that it is not tbe watchman of tha ebip, Tbe old steamer is lull oi legend, and to enumerate thorn all would be almost impos sible. the vessel's hist si. Something tike 10 years sgotbe steamship William Taber was drawn op through tha drawbridge of Oakland Creek. The vessel is one of the old time steamship >. She is a side-wheel steamer, and when fost put iu tbe coast trade ran in rppoeiticn to the Goodall-Fexkins eteamers. in this mission she proved a formidable rival, inaemucU&s; ehe carried passengers and freight at each a reduction as to appal lhc owners cf the regu lar eteamers. Tbe consequence was that the old Taber got all the business, and passengers going to coast ports laid over in order to ride on the vcsrel. Tbe regular steamers charged 20 dollars to Victoria and Seattle, while the opposition carried passengers to the same ports for five dollars steerage and 10 dollars cabin. - The result was that tbe rival companies made a pool, and eontroetod to pay tho owners 5000 dollars a month to tic the ebip np. The contract was to ran 15 years, and since then the old vessel has been tied r p. The Copper on her bull is moulded and green. The woodwork of the bulwarks is decaying, bat tha engines and fire boxes are in perfect trim, and the rid ebip can be fired up on a few bonis notice, end pet into service. Ax Ibeeame time the per.p'.e ol East O ,k!ct.d think the William Taber is haunted, end it she ever goes to sea again they will not ride on her. 