, CHAPTER XIX. i A MIDNIGHT VISITOR. Immediately on the return of the police officers to Thornton Sergeant Pop ham lost no time in making his way to the residence of Dr. Brook in order to hand over the flask and its contents. The small cottage was situated about a quarter of a mile from the police bar raoka on the Townavilla road, surrounded by a pretty garden which WEB the especial care of Dr. Brook. "Nothing like exercise for the muaoles; and digging ia the beat way to develop them," he would say when nn acquaint ance passed and saw him with shirt* sleevoa rolled to the elbow. . It was almost dark when Sergeant Popham arrived at the email wicket-gate and found Dr. Brook turning over the black soil. "Ah, doctor I Hard at it, na mufti, I BOO." The jovial doctor immediately aaluted him with a hearty "How are you, sergeant? Come in and make yourself ar, home. . Anything fresh on the wing ?" The police officer did as he was bid, I and there being little daylight left the dootor threw down 1m Bpado and sauntered on to the verandah with Pop ham. " Thia is an unexpected pleasure, ser geant, In the first place, you look very dry, and I inuat confess that my own throat ruflomblea a lime<>kiln n/ore than anything elao, ao lot us have some olaret and long sodas." Tli.o invitation sounded.cool*and re freshing to the senses, inoro especially when, as everybody know. Dr. Brook kept imported olaret and that good of its sort. "I'll have none of that confounded Colonial rubbish. It's all vory well people saying that you get to like it in time, but for my part I never could, Too new and heady, sir. Too new and heady." And aa the worthy man uttered tlieso words he lefc down a canvas bag from the rafters of the verandah. "Now I'll be bound you'll get no better wine than this either in or out of the colony." He then proceeded to lift from the oool water a bottle of choice claret kuown aa the Ghdtcau Margaux, The sergeant looked on, and would have preferred, whisky if ho hnd Had liis choice, but he ' knew that . the doctor eschewed spirits in the Queensland oli mat,e as he would poison, "Now for some Boda-water and a oigar apieoo, and we'll hear what you've got to nay, Popliam." The news which tho latter was about to impart to Dr. Brook was of so private ij & that turrced inatinotivoly rounft lost anyone t&igiifc; bo lietoniRg. "Wo'ro perfectly safe from eaves droppers, I hqpo V" asked Popham, " Yes, my dear sir; not a soul within uar-auoo except; my agaa and muoii rospocfced housekeeper, whose as des£ a* a post, poor thing," Tho sergeant then wont into details of tho day's doinga, which Dr. Brook fol lowed with great interest, more especially when tho circumstances in conneotion with tho finding of Preacott'a flask were narrated, "Sothat's the article, is it?" said the doctor, examining the boautifully- ohaaed work and sniffing at tho contents. "I can't say what may be in it, but cer tainly it hasn't the bouquet of a good genuine whisky. However, in this part of the world that's nothing new. Were all liquors unadulterated, wo might con* gratulate ourselves that the millennium had arrived. "And," put in Popham, "less work for the doctors, oh " Quite so ; our occupation in a mea sure would be gono. Why, half the hospitals are kept open by the sale of poiaououa liquors. I've about half-a- dozen cases of delirium tremens in our own small one here. I maintain that hot as this climate is, if people only confined them eelves to light winos or, better still. wholesome temperance drinks,they would be na healthy in North Queensland as in any other part of the world." The doctor after this took a long draught of the claret-and-soda which stood in the socket of his cane-lounge, thinking it waa well ho had included light wines in the list of harmless boverages. " But this ia straying from the ques tion. You require mo to mako a careful analysis of tho liquor and should any traces of a noxious charaotor be found, to produce a written statement and hand it over." "That's the nature of the business^" answered Pophara, And, furthermore, should any poison bo discovered, to order an exhumation of Liscombe'a remains and mako an examination of tho sto mach," "Quite so; the only examination I have yet made has been of the skull, and as far as it goes there is nothing to show how the fracture was made, It might have been caused by a blow from a stick, or oIho have boon tho result of accident, pure and simplo, such aa a fall from a horse. In any case, if there are traces of poison in the whisky X will immedi ately mako a thorough examination of tho stomach." , " It looks fishy," said the aergeant, "the flask having Preaoott'a monogram on it, and I'm afraid will go very much against him." , Tho sergeant talked to the dootor unre strainedly, knowing that whatever passed betwoen them would be kopt in strict eecrooy. "You are hard at work getting to gether all the evidence in your power, I suppose ?" " Yes, and> a pretty business it is, At best we have only evidence of a purely circumstantial naturo and that scarcely enough to arrest anyone upon," "I'll have to look alive," said tho doc tor, " in order to got mine ready by the 18th. What is your opiuion about Pros cott V The sergeant for a moment hardly liked to mako reply to such an outspoken question, stroking his moustache nnd gazing into apace ns was his custom when over anything of a perplexinu character cropped up. After a moment lib mado reply : " Well, doctor, either that lie ia the moat cunning and designing scoundrel, or olao innocent of tho basest. crimo that mail can be charged with." " He'm ! that docan't tell mo much. For my part, 1,'ve always had the highest opinion of Proscott, and cannot Boe what motivo thero was for getting rid of Lib combo. It'a clear that they agreed abouc as well aa a keg of gunpowdor and a lighted match, but still there must bo a very broad lino between bearing ani mosity against a man nnd doing away with him. No, I can't beliove that Prea cott ia the slayer of the Manager of Rap poe." .'Romember," said Popham, "thero wero £8500 at atako. A man don't caro nboufc parting with that when ho thinks he'ean aoe hia way clear to retaining it." "Mercenary motives, 1 am aware,.have a good deal to do with tho taking of men'B HVOB. In fact, in nine casos out of ten, murders result from that and that alone. But to tell mo tlmt Presoott did away with Liscombe over a money trane* action ia more than I can credit." "Well, doctor, how do you reconcile that idea in your mind with thoao docu ments whioh were found in Liscombe a saddle-pouch ? It appears to me that our young friend had a double reason for dis posing of tho manager, though when all'a said and done LiBcombo waa as bad ns Prescott, if tho death of Dugdalo rests on the lattor'a shoulders. Ho can only bo proceeded against on one ohargo at » time, and to a certainty the question of how Dugdale met his death cannot be tin* swered satisfactorily. What we have to prove is whother in view of past circum stances there existed any reason in his mind for killing Liscombe." Qreat aa tho impartiality of British justice may appear in giving, prisoners tho benefit of a doubt, there very often appears amongst the detective force an undue and over-anxious desire to find someone guilty. Detectives, like moat other members of ft community, have to make their daily broad and afc times this necessary com modity is hardly earned, and often too at tho risk of thoir own Uvea. , Still the fact must remain that in many oases their errors of judgment aro un pardonable when a man is arrested on a charge of which ho is wholly innocent. In their endeavors to oavn for them selves praise of tho world, handsome re muneration and speedy.'promotion, there is a tendency to'overslioob the mark. Sergeant Pophatu had hucl many sua ooasfui coups, and in tlii& parfcioulnr in* Btanoo comforted hims'olf in the belief that he know where to lay hands on the right person, It was past .olovon o'clock when Pop ham roao to take.his departure. " To-morrow, then, you'll set to work, doctor, and I hope furnish us with some valuable information." After this the trooper sauntered through tho trim little garden with its wealth of flowering Bhrub,-. and plants, sending forth thoir aromatio fragrance on tho "Htill night air. The quiet highway whitti led through thickly-grown olumpa of pandauus palrciB and bamboos, looked dreary enough aa ho tramped along, Bending up tho fine whito duat whioU lay ankle-deep on the roadway, The sound of hia foot-fall on the solid hardwood rafters of the bridge which spanned tho river alone broke the calm repose of the small town. , The night was close and almost stifling in its character within doors, so much BO thatPopham resolved not to retire forth with, knowing full well that little or no sloop would come to refreslUvira, Ho aooording filled himself a pipe of tobacco and strotohed himsolf in a ham mock whioli oooupied a corner of the I verandah. He went over again in His mind the ovents of the day which he felt sure were about to throw strong light on the nature of Maurioe LiscomWs dent.li. If there wore traces of poison in the liquor-of which he had nob the least doubt-the question rauBt bo answered, " Who was to blame ?' There oould be little doubt either that the flank which bore Sybil's monogram was not Lisoombo'a property. It was midnight, . The palms and bamboos were Btirred by a gentle breeze which ruffled their feathery tops, the flapping- wings of Bome flying-fox as it darted .through apace, might be hoard, or the' mournfulory of a junglo-fowl piping until tlio eastern liyht would appear. The sergeant was as thoroughly -prac tical in clinractcr as a man oould woll be. No superstitious fancies ever found their way into hia clear and far- hoeing mind, though his home in the old country had been nsBooiated with all manner of blood curdling legends handed down from gene ration to generation and believed in to the letter by the old villtigora who were aa ignorant as people generally are-born, bred and dying in one spot. " I daresay I should have grown up ex actly the same, had I stayed there,," he said to himself, his thoughts travelling back to tho old Lancashire villago. 41 Romance is all very well, but when a man's starving there s devilish little ro mance in him, And that's been my ex perience bofore now, and in Australia, too, whore they say a man can't starve if he'a willing to work. Talk of supersti tion in the old' country. It's simply ignorance of the lowest order. Put some of my old chums in tho bush for a year or BO and they'll soon get all that nonsense knocked out of thorn." ; What had led the sergeant into this train of thought, which seldom occurred, was more than ho himself could have said. "My God! there's a ghost 1" he sud denly exclaimed, jumping out of the ham mock and gaaing steadily at an appari tion which stood motionloss at'the cardan gate. . 41 Am I dreaming 1 No, euro enough, I'm awake," The sergeant gave himself a pinch1 in order to make eerfcaiu, At first the sudden appearance of such ; a eight somewhat startled him, but in another instant ho walked jjuiokly down in the direotion of his nooturnal visitor, "By heavens, it's Luoy.J" he said, be ginning to reoogniBe tho well-known fea tures of tho popular bar-maid, 1' What on earth can she be doing at this time of night, and alone, too?" He was right. The figure before him was Lucy Gullem, clad in naught else but her robe de nuit, and her long raven treses falling in wa^y masses about her shoulders and neck. Her oyea were wide open, large, lustrous and black, yet there soemed no whit of expression there. Sho was asleep-as sound asleep as if she had never stirred from her bed, " What the dovil shall I do with her ?" .tho sergeant asked himself, gazing at this Lady Macbeth-like visitor. To awaken hor ho was determined not to, having heard that such a thing might prove fatal, more especially when he knew the highly nervous state of this girl's temperament. It was tho first time in his life that ho had over bom confronted by suoh a sight, and hoped it would be the last, ' | "Well, it's no use standing looking at lier all night, though alio is nice. I've never bofore scon her look BO fetching. My word, how tha boys would laugh if thoy only know of thin. Lucy at ray houso at this hour!" The florgeant amiled at the bare idea of such a thing and congratulated himself on the fact that there was no eye witnoss of the scene. "No one shall hear of it, I'm deter mined; and so the sooner I can get her back to bed the better. Good evening, Lucy,' will you give me a whialjy and bitters, plenso 1" The aorgeant thought this a good way of opening tho. conversation, boing about tho moat natural question he could havo asked. Tho girl noither moved nor spoke, but only gazed steadily boforo her. " 1 can't stand this much longer, Per haps she'll como inaido if I ask her. Won't you rest yourself a moment; tho afternoon is warm ?" " Thank you, if you'll keep aacret what I'm about to say." Popliam took her hand in lxia and led her up to the verandah, t; 1 won't come any further," alio re marked ; " I'm pressed for time. In fact, it's past, ten now, but I had to come. I could not rest till I told you." " Oalm yourself, Lucy, nnd toll me all. You may rely upon me keeping evory j thing to myself." "AM sergeant, in you, perhaps, I have my ona and only friond. People may call themselves my frienda, but I know better, Can a bar-maid bo a friend of anyone's ? Look what she has to go through, tlio people Bhe must aniilo at and protend to like. Ah! tho whole thing is aimply a burlesque from begin ning to end. But in you, sergeant, I know thut I can pat my truat." The girl put out her hand, glittering with many precious atones of a doubtful character,' which Popham held gently. "And now for my story. I couldn't sleep to-night when I went to bed, with this dreadful weight on my mind, BO dressed myself and came uj> hero." The sergeant gazed down at the em broidered robe of tke somnambulist and smiled at the iden. ** X know that the body of Maurice Liscombe would be found sooner or later, Murder will out' is a true saying, ana nag provoa bo in thiB oase. L have oome here to give"you some strong evidence which will bring ihqt man to justice." " Who is that man?" Lucy at this question went off. into a high-pitched, acream of laughter, do moniaoal and unnatural in sound. "How can you ask that question?" she Baid when she had recovered her oomposure. " Why, Sybil Prescott iB Liacombo'a nvurdoror, Oh! don't look surprised. The word Bounds harah enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's true. Aye, as true as ever a thing waa in thia life." The sergeant heeded not the statement mado by the woman in her present state, yet withal there waa an irresistible fasci nation to listen. to all Bhe had to aay. " To bring Sybil Prescott to justice ia my purpose; Those documenta whioh toll bo much against him are as nothing boBide wlmt. I have Been with my own eves. I know their twinfcontR. link linw T know them don't ask me. There was a flask belonging to Preooott which, if it wore recovered, weuld prove something that he might not like.' That flaak was given to Lisoombe the night when herode to hia death." What did it contain ?" asked the ser geant. . " It oontained poison, Sybil PreBcott Ma poisoned that man. I know it. Ah I a woman wfts not given hoi' reasoning for nothing. I told Maurice of this-told him to pour every drop of it away, as something said withih me all waa not right, I heard someone in the bar this evening talking about drugged liquor, so perhaps pnople may know more about the matter than we supposo. Why should Presoott give that man who now lies in his grave a flask of whisky to .drink ? A thing that he has never in his life done before. The reason iB not hard to guess. You know as much as I do about both of thoin, I will suy no moro, Know this, sergeant, that tho blood of Liscombo is on that youni? man's hands. Arrest him without delay, and give him his denerts." Lucy by .this-time had wound herself up to an unnatural pitch of exoitement, so much BO that Popham began to fenr that she would awoken. Notso, however. Shc>t still held on with her rambling and at times incohorent account of what sho wished the police officer to believe. "Maurico Lisoombo was kind to me, though I never liked him. I loved another; loved him dearly. But what use was it ? Ho was already an engaged men. How handsome, how noble I thought he waa. Ho could never be mine. All has happened for tho best. My life would have been linked with that of a murderer's, for he waa none other than Sybil Prescott. Thank God for it. I have had a narrow escape. Time is going ; I must f»eb home again. Will you walk as far aa tho gate ? I feel relieved now since I have told you what I know. How else could Maurico have been killed unless as I have aaid by poison ? What will a man not do when ho is in an unconscious state and has suicidal tendencies like he had ? Ah 1 the thought is horrible, hor rible, horrible!" Aa she uttered tho words sho moved slowly down tho stops, bookoning Pop ham- to follow. At the gate she whispered in his ear: " Remenibor, let no one know what I have told you." Iu another instant she had vanished through tho darkness along the shadowy road, Pophiim watched her out of Bight, wondering to himself strange things, then turned to go inside and if possible sleep it oiT, "Evidence coming in this fashion la darned strange. Someone or another will have a hot time of it," Soon tho eyes of the troopor closed In Bleep and for the time he was quite obli vious that there had overlived such a per* son as Maurice Liscombe. 