PEDESTIULOISiL CITY TRACKS DESERTED. Sport in the Country Districts. cjJtmsai'ON stili sii- est. JlarHcIcville Ecproseuts the Week's Doings. The Coming' £80 Handicap at Lillio Bridge January Events sit Uotany— Victorian Items— Holiday Sports iu City and Country — A Revival Badly Needed— Olid ..?';? Jottings. ?..'?;?'. '.' . ..' At Gurnoy'a Flominffton Eunhinj? Grounds a;620 handicap will be run on Christmas Day.' ? .....?.','? ? ..-..,* .... .... Tho Austral (Vio.) EnnninB Grounds have' a handicap o£ £50, .which will extend over December 22, 23, and 24. * ? - ? ' ?»?. . ?'' .-?.-.- ....'?. ? Tho Eatoomba Bras3 Band sports taVo placo on Boxing Day. A '25 soya Sheffield Handicap is tho urinoipal item. * ? ...*?. ? » - The Maryborough (Vic.) Sports fixture is. creating considerable interest over the border, and New Year's Day will seo somo good sport there. ' . ' - ' * ????'? * t If professional running- 13 to sec a revival tho probability is thatthe first signs of doflnito life will be manifested on the old Botany tracks.' ' ' ? ?? ' ??.'??.?. ? On Christmas afternoon Donald Elyth holds a Mixed Handicap, when the winner of eaoh heat will receive half-a-sovereign and the right-out~ winner a purse of tho yollovr 'uris. . » * e Some desperately close finishes and good genuine goes were witneased ou tho Marriclc ville tracks last Saturday afternoon. The judge had to decide several very close finishes. ? After the monotonous lull in foot-raoing utely the Lillie Bridge JECO Handicap on the .'8th and UOdi should create some koeii sprinting. Some of our runners want a heat or two badly just nov/. Tbe starts-for the Junoo Sheffield Handioap are to bund. W. it'llauus is on scratch, and W. E. Oantv on 3yiiSj tho limit being 10yds. In tlio Hurdlo Eace JSI'iTanus is on scratch, giving Canty 4yds, O. J. Cooncy 6yds, and 11yds to the limit' division. 1 The United friendly Societies' Damonstra-' tion at Burrundulla will be held on January 26, 1892. The chioE events aro the All Comers' 150yda Flat Eace and 15Qyda Handi cap Hurdle Eirce. Entries will close on January 16, 1892, acceptances on tho 23rd. ? * ? The Sir Joseph Banks proprietary withdrew their 120yds Handicap of 26 sovs, which was to have taken place on Monday, owing to tho number of entries bciug insufficient. In these days it is bard to get entries even when they are free. At one timo two or three hundred half-crowns would have been tossed in for the asking.-^ ^ m HollyVwho won tho last Nursery Handicap at JIarriokvillo, ia only 15 years of age. Another lad. the same age, named Bogors, gave him 2yds and a beating the previous week. When the sport looks up .again in the sweet br-and-byo wo shall find a new genora tion of sprinters. * ? ? Tho Botaay running grounds will opon up proaaedinga after New -Year's Day, and two handicaps will probably bo announced early in January. One will he tho popular 275yds distance aud the other a sprint handicap of. about 100yds. The prize iu each instance will; most likely, bo JJ25, av.d if peds wont to keep the business going they had better rally on these occasions. ? ? ' ?. Tho Carrington proprietary seem inclined to ' give np the ghost.' Tj'mo passes, and they make no sign. Dividends were good and regular once upon a timo in Bourke-stroot,' but various causes havo contributedto quite a different condition of things. The old log-end 'about the way ' the goose that laid tho golden egg ' wa3 dealt with might not bo altogether forgotten when reasons are being sought for the decadence of pedestrianism iu Sydney, '# # '.V .. ,.. Some of tho times recorded in the last 275yds Handicap at Botany were so unusually fast that, although ticked off by reSablo cloakUts, they seemed too good to bo true. The track was in - specially good form for breaking reoords. An old and careful follower of the game made* the' final 25 2-5aec, which would raako Samuels beat ovens by about three yards. That ohronometor threatens a world's record if it hasn't been knocked out of timo iltogethor. Saturday afternoon's handicaps nt Marrick ?villo was 'theV-uly running during tho past seven days in tho metropolitan district. Donald Blytb's handicaps aro very sucoosfnl, and evoke as much interest as more pre tentious ovonts with big prizes tacked on to them could do. On tho Now- Brighton Grounds, Lady Robinson's Beach, a programme of sports will be^run off on Bpxiiig Day. Tt is a long timo eiuco a raco of any account evontuatou on those grounds, and n gooefproporty seems like going to waste. On fchiB ooonsion the Friendly Societies' Sports .have possession. .There is an AU-comera' Handicup, of . 125yds, with £7, £2, aud £1- as prizos, and, a 100yds Nursery Handicap. The proceeds aro in aid of tho Cottago Hospital. ... ' At Newcasilo.Mr.'Moroney's handicaps go on successfully. On Saturday .night tho 50th Novice Handicap took place at tho Olympio Hall. Thero - was : a very largo attendance, and the various events' were -hotly contested. The final ended': as - follows :— C, Mitchell 1, Vf. H. Campbell 2, G. A. Campbell S, C. W. aiiteuen'4; J. Ashton 5.! During the evening a match for' ^625 aside was ruii off between G. K. Colin and Tom Newton, v.'hioh resulted in a .win for Conn,- . '..- . . ;:.....,* ,.,;,;.; .» .'.»'. ThoLaiohhardtEuhning Grounds, Balmaln road; after a 12J nlohths' spell, wore opened last Saturday/by: the' popular old pod, Bill Eiloy.' Notwithstanding the couutpr attrac: tions a good crowd turned np, and'for about* two hours tho old grounds had a very lively appearanoe. Tho event of tho day was a 75yds £3 -Handicap: Everyman- was on his best behavior, and spirited running. was witnessed. Hamburger, Healy, Thomas, and Harper wor'o in: the final, the former iviuiimg a good raco by.half a yard. The promoter in tends to have a big ovont on Christmas Day, and handicaps bvsi-y Saturday . afternoon, . ._-...#. i..- . ; » - * .. .' A oopy, of tho- Western Star Lodgo Sport3 (Ipswich, Q.) has reached us. In the principal handicap W. Fitzgerald and Jim M'Garrigal are practically on scratch, 15yds ; Jim Tasker i3 on Slyd«i and among those on tho~;32yd-, limit is John. 'M'Garrigal. There is a;i amateur handicap, hurdle race, aud 410yds event; in the latter of which M'Garrijral is asked to' coneodo.3q.vds. Mr. W. H. Berne, who haB beon a loading spirit in the30 parts for manv years, seems to have framed a very good lot of. handicaps, and somo good runners Eavo come from the district. The Baroaldino Shoffiold Handicap and Champion Race took place on Thursday week (saysa'Xorth Queensland paper) and proved a fair success. The Champion event was won by W. J. Duffy, who, after twinning has first heat in the Sheffield Handicap, ran a dead heat with G. Cliardon iu the second rouud, and in the run off Chardon won on the tcpe by a faw inches. The final heat resulted in a win for T. French, 23yds, who was follo-^od homo by J. Smith, -12yds, and George Chardou, aiyds, iu 11 1-53OC ? ' French, I believe (says tho writer) is a local man, and drives a coach. J. K. Smith iaa Sydney runner, and has won several handicaps' there. G. Ohardon is an ex-pblicomdn, lately from Brisbane.' . ? A .£100 handicap has been promisod.at tho ?Austral Eunning Grounds, Melbourne, to bo run January 0, 7, and 8. Also a Norice Handicap. . ? ? ? ? ? « At Emu Park, Eockhampton, a Sheffield Handicao on fleparation Day resulted:— H. Bragg,' lbjyds,' 1; P. Hnlleu, 18yds, 2; A. Ottaway, lDJyds, 3.. ' . A Sheffield Handioap of an entirely novel cbaraoter is advertised to take place at the Polytechnic ou the ,2aa proximo. Donald Blyth has . ohargo of tho venture, and ho thinks it is sure to bo a success,- and he ought to know. In place of the usual cinder tracks, the competitors (three in each heat) mount on a species of stationary' bicycle. A largo dial at the back of the machines is pro vided, with three hands .(one communicating with each tnachino), and tho distances are marked on the dial liko the minutes on a clock, !,a. comploto ;fevolntion rupresoutlng quarter miles. Any handicap received by a competitor is registered before he mounts hi3 machine. When the signal to sf^irt is given each one: peddles' away for. Ms; bare life, and tho rider whose indicator on tho dial first reaches the murk representing . tho distance to be negotiated is declared the winner of the the heal. As peds. and public have equal facilitltiiis for seeing tho state o£ the race on the register, tho excitement, especially in close finishes,, should wax high. Entries, Is for tbe first handicap, close on tho 28th mst. with the promotor at the Polytechnic, Pitt street, and Donald wishes U3 to state that he will be at the Castleroagh-streot entrance every day from 10 to 11 a.m. to receive entries and show intending competitors how the oifair is workod. , - ? ,, - , 