THE GHOST OF THE TRAIN- ING STABLES. The "Cat and Compass" was shutin for the night. The front of the house was dark and silent, for it was long past closing time, but from one of the rear ground-floor windows a thin shaft of yellow light gleamed through the falling rain, and indicated that behind the shutters of the snug bar-parlor, in a cheerful atmosphere of tobacco smoke and the odorous steam of hot "Scotch," Mr. Samuel Vicary, licensed victualler, and two other congenial spirits, were "making a night of it." "It's too late for Downey now," the landlord remarked, with a glance at the clock, as he leaned forward to knock out his pipe on the hob. "Twenty past twelve, and raining like blazes. D— the weather; if it holds on like this, 'The Ghoul' will have his work cut out to get round the old course on Thursday with 8st 91b." "Not with that lot behind him," rejoined a seedy individual who sat on the farther side of the table. "I've watched them, pretty carefully. The race lies between us and the favorite, and with Downey up she's safe enough. It's real jam this time —eh, Mr. Davis?" The gentleman indicated drained his glass with an unctuous smile. His exterior suggested the prosperous undertaker. As a matter of fact he was a bookmaker in a big way of business, and suspected, more- over, of having considerable interest in a stable notorious for the in and out running of its horses. "That's about the size of it," he an- swered, drawing in his thick lips with a gentle, sucking sound, expressive of inward satisfaction. "Prime whisky this, Vicary ! I'll take another tot. Yes, it is a big thing, and after this Davis, Smiles and Co. must lie quiet for a bit. There'll be plenty of fools to cry over burnt fingers by Monday, and what with stewards meddling where they've no cause to interfere, and the Press writing up a lot of rot about 'rings' and such like, and the Jockey Club holding inquiries, a man must mind his P's and Q's in these days. Racing is going to the dogs, and soon there'll be no making a decent living on the turf. How it does rain to be sure! I shouldn't care to find myself abroad to- night." "Here's some poor devil as has got to face it," said the tout, as the sound of horse-hoofs echoed down the quiet road. "Ain't he coming a lick, too! He's not afraid of bustling his cattle." ''Small blame to him either in weather like this," grunted the landlord, removing his pipe to listen. "Why, that's Downey's hack. I'd swear to her gallop among a thousand. To think, now, of his turning up at this time of night!" The clatter of hoofs ceased, and the men sprang to their feet. In the silence that followed they heard the muffled slam of a closing gate and the clink of shoes on the stones of the yard outside. Vicary snatched up the lamp and hurried to the door, while the visitors looked at each other. "'Tis Downey, sure enough," said the bookmaker, spitting energetically into the fire."Now, what brings him here so late ? He hasn't pelted over from Hawkhurst in the teeth of this storm for the pleasure of our company, I'll go bail.'' The new-comer had swung himself off his horse before the landlord could unfasten the door. "Yes, it's me—Downey," was his answer to that worthy's cautious challenge. "Look sharp with that chain and let me get under cover. I'm stiff with the cold, I can tell you, and the mare is about beat." The chain fell with a clank, and Vicary flung back the door. "Come in, come in," he cried, holding the lamp above his head to get a better view of' his visitor. "Lord! how it do rain! Get out of that coat and put a tot of whisky inside you while I see to the mare. 'Tis all right," he added, as the other jerked his head interrogatively in the direction of the bar-parlor, "there's only me and Slimmy and Davis. Go right in and help yourself." Thus assured, the fresh arrival went forward, the water dripping from his soaked hat and covert coat, and trickling in little black streams over the well- stoned passage; while Vicary. flinging a rug across his shoulders, led the tired horse round to the stables. When he returned to the parlor Downey was drying himself-before the fire, a smoking tumbler in his hand, and a good cigar between his lips. " Well?" inquired the landlord, setting down the lamp with a keen glance at the disturbed countenances of the three men. "I take it you did not come through this rain for nothing. Is aught the matter?" "Matter enough," ejaculated Slimmy. "Here's Coulson got a rod in pickle that is going to upset our pot." Vicary laughed. . "Go on with you," he said, derisively, "they've nothing at Malton as can collar the Ghoul." "Don't you be so precious sharp," the tout retorted. "Wait till you hear what Downey's got to say." The jockey shifted his cigar to the other side of his mouth. "It is this way," he began. "One of Coulson's lads was at our place this afternoon, and he let on to me in confidence that they have a colt over there they think a real good thing for the Ebor. It is entered in Berkley's name—the Cap- tain, him as sold the Malton place to Coulson." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 