Editorial Articles. Convention, First Day. Tee inaugural banquet of tbe Federal Convention being over, and the after dinner speeches having been made, the delegates to the Convention may be said fairly to have commenced business. The after-dinner speeches were of small account and call for almost no remark beyond this, that they were made after dinner; and that they will leave un diminished the glory of that one after- dinner speech, which, probably, will never be surpassed, commencing anna virumque cano. At the opening of the first session on Tuesday, Mr. 11'Millan, the Treasurer for Jfew South Wales, on behalf ot the president, gave notice that he would move next day as follows,—"That in order to establish and secure an endur ing foundation for the structure of a Federal Government, the principles em bodied in the resolutions following be agreed to." The firsc of these resolu tions was,—" That the powers and privi leges and territorial rights of the several existing colonies shall remain intact, except in respect of such surrenders as may be agreed upon as necessary and in cidental to the power and authority of the National Federal Government." At glance one sees that this is a totally different thing from the object which Sir Henry Parkes has for some months ! past been holding up to the public view. His project of union " somewhat on the model of Canada," has gone with the Kiama ghost. We may never hear of it more. It will also be remembered that this journal has persistently. and stoutly opposed and ridiculed a union on '.!•<• lines which Sir Henry 1'urkes assured u- ought- to adoptin. A'.H'rulhi. Surh | a union sever couid lie acceptable ii > fcdoptecl.- It-may do very-well-for Canada, where tlicro existed-when the dominion was formed a state of things' totally different from the state of things which prevails here. It is therefore very refreshing to find that the first resolution to he proposed contains two provisions, that existing colonies Bhall remain intact' as to all their existing territorial rights* privileges, and powers* ahd that the central government to be formed will he tt g0Vetatiient, having charge of only those objects which may now or hereafter ' be delegated to it. Should that resolu-; tion he adopted, probably there is no person in Queensland* or even in Aus tralia, who will object that federation take place when events aro ripe for it. The second resolution is,—" That trade and intercourss between the federated colonies, whether by means of land carriage 1 or coastal navigation, shall he absolutely free.'' It is safe to forecast that this will' be one of the resolutions on which the 1 strength of the parties in the convention ' will be severely tested. The Victorian ! representatives will fight for it to the j death. It is their trump card. If they j have one object more than another which j makes them desirous to bring about j federation it is to s'ectii-e absolute free] trade bhlWeen existing governments, and so far as we can see at present there is no way of avoiding that issue. Perhaps the' crucial point will be reached in the third proposal. It is,—" That the power and authority to impose Customs duties shall be exelusivelv lodged iD the Federal Gov- ! ernment and Parliament, subject to such j disposal of the revenues thence derived, as ! Bhall be agreed upon;" Perhaps of all' subjects debated since the question of federatioh arose this has been the most discussed, for it haB excited the greatest amount of anxiety; it presents the most numerous and the most serious obstacles. Victoria will certainly contehd that whilst there is freetrade between the parties to the federation there should be severe pro tection as against the world. Hew South "Wales is quite as certain to Contend that whilst there shall be freetrade amongst all parties to the government there shall he to a very large extent also freetrade as to other countries. But it would he absurd to suppose that the difficulties are insurmountable. That the Federal Government 'should have charge of the customs appears to he simply inevitable. And having placed the customs under their control, it will perhaps afford a way out of the difficulty to leave till the time shall come for its settlement the question whether the Federal Government shall he protective or freetrade. The fourth resolution follows as a matter of course. It is,—" That the military and naval de fence of Australia shall he intrusted to the federal forces under one command." On these as the four corner stones of the new constitution it is proposed to erect. the threefold department for legislative and administrative purposes. The first is to be a Parliament with two Houses, whose exact constitution will be a matter of detail. The next, as here stated, will be a Federal Supreme Court, chiefly for pur poses of appeal, which, it is said, will he final. A difficulty may arise here so long as Australia is at all subordinate to England. It will be impossible to pre vent the subject from his right of nppeal to the Privy Council; but the details here suggested are wise and prac ticable. The Supreme Court of each State should have power to hear all questions arising within its own territory. The federal court may safely he left for appeal on all questions naturally arising out of the federation itself. Any other question might still be allowed to go, a6 now, from any ordinary Supremo Court to the Privy Council. The third branch j of government named is the Executive,' for which the proposal is that it shall con sist of "an Executive consisting of tho Governor-General and such persons as may from time to time he appointed his advisers, such persons sitting in Parlia ment, and whose term of office shall depend upon their possessing tho confi-! dence of the House of Representatives, ' expressed by the support of the majority." To place Ministers of the Crown in the House of Representatives and in the Senate is a change from tho American system, nnd is an immense improvement upon. it. There is no doubt whatever that the good government of every country requires that what is .called the legislature should have a strong hand upou the administration, and that the chief executive officers of the country should also have scats in the legislature. The formulation of this particular program me has immensely narrowed down the sub jects for discussion ut tho Convention, and there is every good-.rcason to hope that' -the Convention will he far moreJruitful • o£ good results' than at,first,there|j»as any .reason to lead us'to believe it' wbui'djbe. 