THIRTY YEAIIS OF COLONIAL GOVEIlNMENT. Thirty Years of Colonial overcnment. A Selection from the Dcep tothes and Letters of the Right liono rabloe Sir eo rge Ferguson owenc, 0.0.5l.0. Edited by Stanley Lan.t'oolo. (ta.onnan, Green, and Co. S2a.) Triitns are few books that give a greater insight into the practical administration of our colonies than the selection from Sir George lowen's letters and despatches which Mr. Stanley Lane-P'oole has edited under the title of "Tllirly Years of Colonial Government." During that period Sir George llowen adiministered with niarked success most of tile chief dependencies of the Crown, incluhiding Queensland, New Zealand, Victoria, Mauritius, and HIong Kong. l'lle two volnmes before us contain a valuable record of his work in each of these colonies, and of the problems with vTil~h he"liad to deal. ThIe principle on whllic ho uniformly acted, and which was one of the chief causes of his succees, was to regard himnslf, on the one halnd, as the special goardian of unperial interests, and, on the other, to defer to the utmnbst to the wishes of the colonists in matters of purely local concern. It was ill 1959 that he was appointed the first Goivernor of Queensland, and called upon to nrganisee constitutionil governlment in the colony, le hadl previously held ans allppointment in the Ionian Islands, then undelr British protection, and had travelled whilely'in Gireece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's " landlhook" for that interesting country. Modern Greeks, lie once explained to Iord Palmer ston, pronoulnco the words meaning "we," and "you " in precisely the same manner. "A, theil'' confoulnd ' we' and 'you' do they ?" said Palmerston. "I fear that is not the only way in which modern Greeks confound ' menm ' and t turn.'" The fol lowing extract contains an interesting description of QUEENSLAND IN 1850. "I shall ride about thirty miles every day, and slhall be comfortably lodged at night in the houses of the principal 'squatters,' or pastoral settlers, whose stations average that distance from pach other. These gentlemen live In a patri arcllinal style among their immense flocks and herds, nmusing themselves with hunt ing, shootling, Itshig, and the exercise of a plentiful hospitality. I have often thought (especially in reading Tlackeray's nbvel, ' iThe Virginians') that the Queensland gentlemanu-squatters bear a similar relatiori to the other Australians that tihe Virginian planters of a hundred years back bore to the otlher Americans. " But there is a perfectly distinct class of people in the towns. Brisbane, my present capital, must resemble wlhat loston and tile otlle l'uritan towns of New Englanu were ait the close of the lust century. In a popu lation of 7,1)00we halve fourteen churches, thirleen ipublic-houses, twelve policemen. The leading inllabitants of Brisbane are a lhard-lheaded set of English and Scotch merchants and mecllanics-very orderly, inldustrilous, and proslerolls." Thle Queensland of those days was almost entirely a pastoral country, and Sir George Bowon tells an amus'lig ftory about one of the principal squatters. A Sq:COND JOU. !! A successful Queerslandler, who became a moilber of th IIHouse of Commons, where he suiiported LordI'tilinerston, was invited to one of the political receptions of Lady Waldegrave at Strawberry Hill. That accomplished hostess prided herself on her information about her guests; and on the arrival of the gentleman referred to, she is said to have greeted him Wit, ' O, M r. ---, I am very glad to see you. I hear that you have as many sheep and cattle as the P'atri archs--tllat, in short, you are a second Job.' HIer guest replied: ' Ilholc, Lady Walde grave, you do not mean to compare mlil to Job, who, as we learn from the Bibl', had only 7,000 sheep, whereas I haveo 300,000. Job was a mere strilny-barker.' It should be explained that young settlers, on begin ning sheep-fa ning in the interior, with only from 51i000 to 10,000 sheep, cannot generally afford to bulild lit Ist houses of wood or stonle; tand are obliged for some time to content tllcmselves with comfort t5blo hIts made front the bark of the so called "stringy-lark" eucalyptus. So they were often known to the groat sqnatters by tile sobriquet of 'stringy-barkers." In those days they played whist in the wilds for sheep ploi'nts and a bullock on the rubber. From Queenslndl Sir (lGeorge was sent to New Zelland, tle1n inl the throes of the Maori troubles, which hlie largely succeeded in assuaging dulling his government. Like most of thosi who have colme inl contact withll them, Sir George was full of appre clation for thle fine qualities of the Maori race. The following story is lere given at first hand: A STIANGIu cONVERStION. "Among tile loyal Mauori chiefs invited to meeoot thle Duke of Edinburgh was one of thlieoriginal signers of the Treaty of Wai tangi in 18140, and who lnd ever since beeni a firm friend of thell Englis. One of the Anglican Bishops afterwartls said to the noyernor, ' Do you know, sir, tire antoce dent9 of that old heathen ?' ' No, my dear iBsl1po,' was the reply, 'but I do know ll' he brought five hundred of his clans men Into tile field to fight for the Queen, so ITinvited him to mbeot the "Queen's son."' ' Well,' continued tie Bishlop, ' when I first arrived in New Zealandl, tlhalt chllief cilino to me and sail tlhalt le waisledL to be bapltiseld. I knew tllhat hle Ihadl two wives, so I told him that hle nmust lirst lersuade one of thoem to return to hler family. Ito anid hie feiared that woul ble dlillicult, but tllat lie wold see what cr1tl hoe 1done, and come back to me in two Ilontls. Wheln hle returnedl , he excliltmed, 'Now missionalry, you mlay baptlse mle, for I lhave only one wife.' askedl, ' Whnt llave you done1 with our dlear sisteir, your first wife ?' lie replied, smack ing lls lips, ' I havre eaten her!'" * In 15711 Sir George was promoted to Victoria, whern lie remalninetl until 187), whlen Ils lerm expirel, and hle was assigrned tIlhe governnwntlt f Mauritius, tihe oanly vateanlly at lthe tlie,. Cfmlnparedl with Aullstralia, there was quite an air of anti lity labollt tle old Frenrch colony in wallio: Pauland Virginia hladl lived andl loved. LAnnUl'rDoNcAIs' OiOST. "Tile Aistrlhisian Cololnics alre too yourng for ghosts, hut here we lihavI a haunted cllnll.llr', slcihere tile great Llabocrdonnais, thle ftloulc s Fsreunchl Govertnor of lMauritius, is believed byI' tile Frrench creol's to walk nrightly . We lilt a high civil funclltionary thlere, ibut he dleclared thlit 1ie heard stranIge noises, antid nothinllg wouldl ilnduce himn to occllupy tile room again, lowecver, niext week tihe JEnglishi admirll of the staltionl arrived with his silultdron, andl wlcrn we askeld him if lie woull Inavo tihe Ilauntedl clhabrller, the best Slare roorl in the hoLse1, ie .aiil, 'I amln Ifraidi of no F'rencllrhman, ldeadlt or alive '; andt lie lneither leardl nor anw a Ighoslt during the rlontlil lie spent witlh Is. It is true thalt lie was ePIl)OrtiLd by Ils Flag Caletain i. tihe room on hIris right, and by Ilas Flag Lieutenant in lthe room on Ilhis left. Then, too,a strange noise is'often hearl alt nighllt at tlie tilie of full lnoolt, as of a cuinireleO driving 1y the clleitcllaul; and some creoles declarel tlhey handl seen ILabourllolnlts pas sing by in hlis coach andt six hIlorses, witllllis escort and lacqcurys-all skeleltons inl the uniform of the age of Louis XV'. latllher suspecting some trick, the aides-de-cump of a formerGovernor sat up withl their sworlds andl a ehottle of iced clhmnlpagneo onl tile table; ansd rhe'n they hearul tile ttrange noise approacllinlg, tiley turnedl oult tihe guiard witl loiladedl rillcs and fiedl bIayonets, lanld all sallied forth--to see a grand hlerld f will stags from the neighbouring monn tains toosing their antlhrs inl tihe Iright tropical mloonlighlt." Ilong-Klolig was thle last of our depen dencies over which Sir George lB)owen was called ipon to ipresihte. DUllni th yc-ars llie' '0iS rl ser-, It, tOu?-ck t)l ts ic'a en bothl China and Japan. T?un ALTAR ao Toite SL'N. "Therre area ome granDi Jhldhist trmples at 1'eking ; but thle most ilntLCrestipiZ ohbect thecre is the famous ' Altar of leae,' awhre, folr ialt east thllrce tlloulsand years, thei ln lvrers of China, the lordls of o'le-fourth of Lhe lumllan race, have onlce a year offered a burnt euacrilico to thie One God of HeCavecn--with rites like those observed by ._-- r--------r; Abraham in the wilderness. This i1 the Hioly of IIolics of Chiirn and admission to it is a rare honour. T'ile last lpermission given, before my visit, was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city occupied by awalled park as large as IIyde park, and with groves of immemorial trees, berieath' vlhich roam the sacred cattle reserved for the Imperial sacri fices; and in the middle of this peark a collosql structure of whitq marble, Tising on terraces with broad flights of stairs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerings;' on which the Emperor of China, annually, at the winter solstice--s tlhe sun rises over the eastward amphitheatre of snow- capped mountains offers for himself and his people his solemn worship to the One God. There are no idols or idolatrous rites. It is not generally known in Europe that the Court religion the only ' established' religion (so to speak) in China--is still monotheistic, far older than any of the idolatrous cults. A China man may he a Confucian or a Iulldhist, just as an Englishman imay be a Wesleyan or a Romanist. But, as I have said, these are not 'established ' religions in the Eng lish sense." In his brief intervals of holiday Sir George managed to seo a good deal of Italy, where, lhe tells us, Mr. Gladstone is re garded as the chief foreign founler of Italian nationality, and with almost the sane sort of affectionate veneration as that witth which the Americans regard lafayette. It is worthy of note that the result of Sir George liowen's colonial exlperiences hast beeni to nllake him an arideut supplorter of Imperial lederation. Dir. Stanily Laneo P'oole has very adeqliately performed his task, and has given us. the record of a singularly well-fll-illd nd useful cnieer in two volumes of more than usuid interest. Literary Wl'orld. 