VAN IT 'SAV 'rxtUEi rItroetOfilS.' \------ct--- - 'LO. .. 'tile t..- t'.t , ,. . Speri ndenu t tiyre lilecud %ittettively next morninug to the report o theu young oildetre;'rg ieding the rciuen'thcy'telt steon ict the islandd cemetery. Ilu d'il t n beliee, lt a single moment, that it was i visitort rom pirit-land tlhat was thui niring itrelf on %te chliff, and yet b.h the eOidi:i o t the oilcerer meet hove been co fron:cl by oo:elthioge very extraerdinary, or thei) would not havel been so et:rteld as they were. e" 0! couore, I need scarctly rk if you be liovre in gllcrt! '" }lr qitlried. .letrecd, we do not," w'as the unanimous S13rwor. iA ned we all nuow that tiheren re no settlers in this regiun thirty lcet high," he wont on, with a eileo. "The el jeat woe r,: was: of quite thot stature," re'lird 'LTrench, e iad 6 w r l; drehsed in convict ciothin,. A loon beard I was Ilh.o vhdhhk,." ' 'o Tn only thiing we con do it t, mne ::n i exhautive sanrchll of the i~!-1 tot.day. :udee -e. might tid roome cle t? ' the n;t',cer, "; ' tl supcrionten ie:nt, slowly. . ,ft e e a human bein;g to eul withll (.: : . giant) we will ni e , how lo eto i ' = ,'',; iso the 'teitant isei oepf cripetorwec e'le i beyond our power to iutc'frr.l, : end wt: must only loeve it to itu own niehliy journes'." Eovrt als etoletiallyv i priatcal ,m'ni , tand during tlhe day lie tock n nulcecr ofi turn to Ueadman'e Ile i'ned i:iade thorough e treah of it, eolCelially about thie elili wherel the phantolm hadl boe en. c it (. t c; ?: ',;:e unoosceecllol. CIrtainly, tl'ere wrlee a I yw'eaiong chasce in i thee rfnt hae!:fc r e thronth 'l ttic'l Satan or none of Ihi,, ir' s might nrile th-'""ulh, bute thi'e "otd of tle" men, bomtine at t"o bton rf t',e, And t c lcaoeiOnnle y (it..torsi> wltlllht) thi:owing up' spray thrculeh t l !.o.! t mte the sluppc?itioi he!ily iml'rob ble. Nso Clue could be ftouid, Anoi in i few t4aye lthe wonder, creand by rthe s:ltatenlcntC ot te" rtllieCrI, b)egian to die out, abU tile O:, P iermed liil: tI le for' uttern. A slight clctertmnlent w~nl c.r.'-r1 A't Itiynar, Tnwn tlrbll? it. w brulitd a:rt.Unl i tht trli prison cel 't:ry was 1 hauntl,, 0acl fa te extra it qui-ilive peoph!e visited t'e idlot in the itoep of eachiing t;le tiln e tlhe tphanc tom. 'riheir earionity, however, was not reC wa.rded. 0.e tl tit- h ofi Oitober following, n smeall plr?y, o e tio olicetec at l'ort Arllur wA t aunens to lioeart Town to be lpiein ::ct a diuner, given in honor of the cieptaill nod i cilicers of the chip Argue, by the i''.ho line; resident oil the Iown. This vceC l as n convine ship, antd it ias uenrly ix yearh previously gitce :.he had, vici.rd Sulli'ani's Cove with prisonere. The gathering was ir lcr;a one, and IIhel, inl the ailntnodious public hall. Almncou tihe name o!licart managedl the ehip ts tl tth tIrel 'colyge--six year, blilk-anld tiley wtrne re lgarded us old cqulaitletin?s by tile town .n k. 0ieutenant Trench and hii two conpldaiense olt the lithing expedition w;ere auonioeit thi guets, and appeared to enljoy tha'eioves very mucll. Such Iplca?urble Iat??reIll: were not frequent In thie.: daye. Alte' t.cannlin the company -for ComCe tinme, the lieutenantl' oyes bheame suddenly riv'tt Id tilt onle of the uertt lircrr the lower ei o: tllhe room. il;?; ge-e was fixed uponl te un conscious man cilth a curioui pl :? i1.ld ?? preseion, but, iaftr a for: neio:tcnli , lie tulrnl to hliu comp:mion, nid neleid him ite if lter the perlon hiee ad hblee lot:ilnr e;. " I believe ilic name is T.,e atth, a'ald. 1 underrtand, he is rcttler of ritan". I have only eeon him once before, and that will in tite parlor of thle Marql'etrie hoitl,"ree vndc, the man a'idressed. This did not eolighten l'iench very mucI:h, aid flort a time he torns, the ,tlc whirh had no iutereotrd him. Dtring t!C el, when the proceedingc htel n.eo Iree, he lfoul timsell a the lewcr end of the rr' it wihe ltt of Iis li ih:lig colipanie , .' ,o' :in, uoroes the tLle, he l'gnlil :1W. e ii mn thitt he walc tcld was nalncl Trcogorth,. l'la 0 latter was convertin, with tlhe ,:ond e lli:r of thlie .lli Argno" :rnd the two nrlearctd to bhlintimlto frilCld. SHllave you ever een that mllo hbefore, E w't.rda ?" F'rench asked, pointing to Tre gurtha. "It erotro to rtee I have, and yet I don't know tim. Thore ia umeelthing ifriliar about the Iae. hlle. I don' vic t klnow his name,'" it:'en'rd lhiitCompanion. Not catiarig to trouble iinimiel[ furthorabolt the matter, tlle lieutenant entered into the festivities of the Invening with est,. It wan sometime near midnight when he left the excited group, acocncgat wiic le hie had been standing, nod walked towardc a cwing o tile building, whicll had been maide into Aci nrie ticial fern dell for ties who mnli!ell wish1 to iemporarily erecape the lhated room. b10 Mas lookinug at, and admirillg an imilento.c fern-tree, when, througlh n lull in the noic which came from tili main lBll, he dietictlry heard veioes near him, and he oiught the wordt, " DUadman's Isle." That spot Chdcad a peculiar intereat for him since the. ghostly Incident, and his attention wTn iustantiy uroueed. "I am thinking of ieaving the pl;ce and making for the old land again. Since te:? prison has been built, the place is dongereou lor me. The lact that it is now r ecsmetery bring.too mauny people to it." This wae spoken in a gruff voiae that was not familiar to the lieutenant, atill tihe tonec of the answering speaker were eqll:aly strange,. "I am told that the place in haunted, au that you ought not to have mnny visitore, especially at night, which is the time you want to yourself. But I qlite agreo witn your desire to return to England, for your life must be a dreary one." "Yen; it's bhegiuinit to tell upon me. 'lT'h eternal boomieng ol the ocon thas. ;ot monotonous, and I detest it. Yes, I ?.eee heard that tIhe islet is haunted, and, would you believe i:. (ihevese, two c?arelhe. havoe aotually be=it inldie to find th'± hl:ei." AL this '?icnch, who wet eagerlylietlning, beard t;e tw.e m.n indulge, in a hourtlv Ill ch. Ifl w.tal r:'le" dteirecls of seeinge wot thlv were, but bte did ieoc crea to toveo, tit mligOt hutta) his witereabolltd, and le would thus lose tile conver ation. "'I sei'pooe youe mnunnid the ghost busine, b'enold 1" was.the nenxt reods he heard. " Ye: I produced an illnulin or twot, Lhinking it migllt keep illtrudort awoy, bhu it hasc's done so. liowevaer, it amused me,i and.proved that I haveo not lost any df Inyi old cunniolnil in tie ureol tIe glacoses. " The approach of a goeat,'in a ratlledr Jully mood, heraput an end to.lthre tallt acIe wnut in the directiont of the 'voicn, and Tronch heard him cay : " Come on, old fellow. Itl'not overy day I we oseo you, and thcam'd some pleodid.'lds Too imposirunato friend :wat actl to b1e denied,enadas the tirin' men pelcsed out of the furae;rto'lietatn.intl ,ota' rdton!eltqd to ceo thattlhe'two spgakert, splid hephkd. clJe. heard, weri Tregut ll aluue?e??qd,olijear of tht copqii'Oee hip, AretsTo': '-~ i , ' ,' a "Wolf t eenebi thete t' me hovein com. mon," Treuolbact(lqced. 'nd lie eraled him l'enfold. Thibmuttho ,his.namero,antnont Trgourthi.. ,lihat eoan hmean ahoutt'Dad. man'a'Ieleandsthoeghont. fIoipoke as iifie hknew !labout it, .d Jovo ," he h ung ntn brotoeult? u?.flitodl'. i id,? meet,' he the ghellrt hlipatfi i~ th 61ht ellriory waddo,9ll; thnllg hitil taef that I Incdw; 'Tht.doot of thllp'te)'lnd ethlo qust lostg ,hbeardi wore the snja''ue a.tisoept,! thothaniam.,, ej Ihall look lerhur lumte iis,' -? " a~~ulll ~ ~ @+,? Lalbihoh Itcoag , had Trenoh know Oan)hiftg ndbttl td'einpe of Pentuld vomto years beh c:Li It is ur tihan probable (bha"boiwould have an id?k that the mtan befoen.him had 'sonlt'lringo in common with the ese:,ped colt vict'; but, as it wea, lhe kbow nothing of the unflinrtuttti feton's wonderful scape, end wa,: thicefore, at n loss to account for a true hyuotletid of their remtrktabloeonverta-i tion. ".tie determnined to watch the two men that night to try anid tind out frt her informnation, baltinft r waeiti:g antil :1 a.m., until they left the hall, he oily distovered that they went to 'heu 13.equadie hotel, and wore a'lmitted: Itcrleturnea to hie companionl, na they were to 'ail for the prison at four o'clock. but he did not till them anything about the convt'ration he had heard. When lie reached the priron, he went at onen to Superintloe otet .er't and! narrated what had coln to hie knohotdIIge. " Whit naue diid you may tlnt the officer eulecd bi c.lttpanion ?" ached Eyre. '" I'atohi. I wriotu t down no that 1 shiold not forget it," answered the young ofili?r. The euperin:tendent wvn: to a shelf and tal:ing down a rcell-hound book, looked tirnoilt it ?eloraepcrtttng gin. I "On Itho 22l d oi April, A lSd9, Ni. 119 (li!?ert Pte:foldl) saped from the Hiobart 'JTown prison, and up to date hie hoa not been tc.ilu;tred. , The manner of his escape was a niy.,ce , aLd it is uppoarcd that tle convict lpriihcd in the forest," Eyre enid tloed, Siroit'g lt !the lutenant. " Wotld it not be irl-.," hIe continued, " if this Peniold' ; ira ?vi.ticnl with the tmiasing mea. And Ijet i i tI .trdly pnesibhl that hie could have :,'reied ::hout .: u: cttlamtnts without de-. it, tit. U i?,: , in,?eerl, hie lid good friends. Hl, Ioint i:v.' hd ood friends, too, or he .e':lii iot !00v01 ee etd. Who did you say . . hii col-lnion ?" lhe oonolnuded. "'i'he .?eclrl oflicer of the convict ship .\r;;ue. I hlte id hli called Greeves. 11o waoi one of the clhict guests of the even e The Argus, the Argos," mused the caper. int. )odnt. '" Why, that's the name of the iip t hatin wa in the hanrbor'when Penfold e.'aped, 'ome six years ago." " Ye', ir. I heard it utated at the dinner nthat vle was here once before about that ' W'll, I think there is something of im eortc in your diatoovery. tet, I cannot undroerte.nd what l'dnfold can have to do I with the ghost business; no he said. lito cirtuialy could not have eoncealed himself on Dea?l u a'a ISla for six years, and, thad he b.en tlhtld for' bia yenar, 'we would have found him. Ilowever, we may learn more, as I will tll off a ?ever mane to watch him. lo reudy to go to Hobart Town in n n hour's time to puintSoat Pedfoid:and Geeove to the mat I will selnd with yoi. WheV yon do that, you may remain in town utitiithlo fol. l:,e,.n,; morning and return with the In an ioer's time Trench mew back in the tflici, wthere he found the superintendent and I enlstable Chapuion, who was a born deico. tive. In compniy with Trencoh he left for Iiobrt 'T'own, whiere they were fortunate enuogh to lied tGroeens and Tregortha-or Penfiold, for ihat was his proper name-in ont of tile private parlors of the lMacquarie hotel. Chapman ehadowedthem until night, and neu eight o'clock they left the hotel, and prvcedted toward the river Derwent. .?icutennut. Trench mot Chapman in the street, following the two men, and he accom panied him. Gjreves and I'enfold reached tile river, and inl a few minutes the epics saw ILtai they had a boat, and that it might be neiessary to obtaiu another to pursue. This !:i mulin soon did, and in company with alohi oung ofllcer he followed the men, who woro t?tting towards the month of the iGratctirc ,was neceesary to prevent de :cculon, hut a.tho!purrauo mwere keeping a il tt, dilstancn way. 'The ocean: was soon reached, antil then it .was apparent 'that ;'.utoll andi himinompaoion. were heading owariiJ D.nalmn'i ..Ile;i .Thobeea' was' sice;til, but the distance wa Slong, and soveral hour tipased hbld?e the hoattfcme in light of the frowning cliffs of Tasman's Saninsula. Soon thoey'ntered P'rt Arthur, and the silvery streahk of light, made by the dpliping oars of the shadowed men, showed pioully that they were making straight for the llet. " W\e muo t risk going closer to them," ciidd Clhapni o. ' " Tney have evidently no i idel ni their I ?in followed." ctding iitot te oarsnoe, they rapidly neared Ithu ilturd. 'Tile noon was rising, and the firSt boat wic seen to make straight under ihe jutting cliiff on the sontth-cnat tide. b oney suroly cannot land there," Spokh i'rotcb. lWhen he looked again the boat had disap. peared, and not a sigun of her could be found, although the skiff, containing the porrter', paddled along the side of the rooks wt.ire I trlt was lst eeno. They were rather puzzled at this, for no opening large enough to ano count for the di?appearauco was visible, but as they rowed back.for the cecond time, a peculiar conformation of the rooke caught 'ilaloLin'tt' oyi. "'There must be nome waterway about here where a boat can be concealed, and I boL liev? it il about this plece," he said. Tn? lieutenant looked in the direction his comrade pointed, and he could plainly see great lissures and water-worn cavities in the rotten banalt face. Ite was seoaning the cliff in the hope of beinlg able to find a prob. habie spot, where 'enitld and his friqpd nlight haven vanitlued, whlen he caught Ei~l of a thin streak of light, about half way up ih? strong wall. Thure was no mistahing it'A gleam of light Uluiug from a crack or holu it evidently wile. oLaook, Chapman ! Whilat does that light mean i" ho eagerly auked. W'e must uee by some means. There nlo,!: be secret entranc hero to a cavern, and ilr frieUnds are ill t at present. I don't ee liow We are to reach that gleam of light; but wo mtunt trye." Thue boat wa nowy under an overhanging i?:: o :reak, and the rugged face of the .liii, lcilich stood out clearly in the moon t!ri:. i irite prIonie t of eacurn footing. Slit.p theou ont here, and I will try and climb thtle t rochs. I think that I can io so," whispered Chlaptnan to his oo?t Divscting himnalt of a superfluous coat, iho constable caught lold of the rocky tItgto, and, with the aid of his i ompnnion, ehlon I unlt himself oin to it. TIh' n with tile ut I mont care, he slowly climbed to the spot ho Swanted to reach, and whichl, like a beacon, IWttas titiilig him onwards.n TIwo or three times tnie eot5 rock crunmbled boielntlh ilt fent, but ho was wary and did not relcx hil Srip on tho tirmer etones. Rloathing the oimall fiaureIO he lioocd in, bit could itse atthing.'as ,it oiurv:d, tnd the openitg wan ritoo maIl to permit of a proper ioboereo. n Eaw i t hle firt glanOe that thie light is Ssauing rom the place was ani erticiail ontl, I and, with the irettiet of the detctive, hie bent his hentl and plcrd his ear to thie crt A.d;htant hum only reached himi, which I light be toe mnaning of thle sea inmpriatnedl Int tle subternenn verns or halnttn volece, hot he cold lint detect whioh. Hl I nade' a' orarit examtination of thIe locality tinnediatoely anround, and pult mnrkn in advclil plaeae so that hie would be able to recogni.n the palot agoin. While ;hnl was doing this iho' hoard hti namo falPtly whispered, and, rcolitiing, the tons la that of his companion, he hastily dttended. " Hiat." epokhe the voice onf Trenchl. " Come back to the boat, , I hear thecnud of voices and the eplalsh of oara apparently at ilte back.of the olift.'! At huiigglor's daon," in next week'c iaueo, willcoptinno and anoelude the mystery of atndonot lto. It wSill bh ott of thei moUs 'nto g~ ?~fo tors io thia eonviet thitery,, at.:~ bitll ohw how great omergenouile will bring out wonderful qaullitica in a maon, 