CONVICT LIFE NORFOLK ISLAND AUTHENTIC RECORDS [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] No. 5. A NIGHT SCENE The contrast between day and night at the gaols on Norfolk Island was one of the most striking it is possible to im- agine. Whilst daylight lasted the scene was one of great animation. The tramp of innumer- able feet; the loud orders of those in com- mand, mingled with the hoarse challenges of the guard and the dismal clank, clank of the ironed convicts made a perputual din. Too often, indeed, these sounds were added to by the wild shrieks or dull moans of the wretches being flogged, for scarcely a day passed without the triangles being in use, and the whistle of the lash was the most familiar of music to the felons. After darkness set in the transformation was complete. A silence as of the grave settled over all. The convicts were securely locked, and, perhaps chained, in their cells, and forbidden to speak under severe punish- ment. The turnkeys moved noiselessly about with padded boots, for that gave them an opportunity to detect any breaches of the regulations on the part of the prisoners. A zealous warder did not con- sider he had done his duty unless he was able to report one or two felons each night for some trivial offence or another. There was a sort of emulation between them in that respect, and it was little matter whether the charges were true or not. If the turnkey said they were it was no use for the hapless prisoner to deny them. 0n the night of the 13th October, 1846 — the day on which the twelve mutineers had been executed— Father Murphy, the Catholic chaplain, was standing in the corridor of the old gaol. The silence was almost oppressive. Inside the prison nothing could be heard, whilst outside only the muffled boom made, by the ocean lapping on the reefs broke upon the ear. The worthy priest was thus standing, wrapped in his thoughts which, judging from the events of the day, could have been no cheerful ones, when a turnkey glided up to him as noiselessly as a ghost. This fellow was named Sadleir, and he afterwards be- came notorious by robbing one of the officers (Mr. Waters) of £700. He was both an ac- complished and a brutal villain, and at this time he held a third-class pass, and was in receipt of two shillings a day. Father Murphy had a considerable dislike to Sadleir, but being of rather a genial nature he en- tered into conversation with him. ' How quiet the guol is, to-night. It al most socms as if the place i? deserted,' ho remarked. '.'1 don't think it will ever be entirely de serted, for if the settlement is abolished, as the talk noes, the ghost of many a felon will haunt it,' answered S.uileir.'.' '1 hope, my man, thoy may never haunt you,' Wis the bhurp reply. . The turnkey did not r.pposr to relhli this ailuniem to his ' lifo sweating away ' pro pensities, and turned tho oonvereation by saying : V 1 thiol:, uir, I am antitled to some credit for the silence which reigus here. When I fttn iu charge I utrietly carry out my duty, und the prisoners know it.' ',f daresay tiuty do,' Father Murphy dryly answered. While they were thus speaking in a mulllsd tuna Sidleir suddenly remarked : '.'I hoar some one speaking now, but I know who the fellow is and I'll coon ntou him.' Going to somo pegs, which were in iho wall close by, he took from one of them a uarioua looking article. It was like a email piece of harness, and ut first sii{hl would cranio surprise in thu in in i nf the beholder of to imagine v/hat.niien.d of iho brute creation existed oi so diminutive a ei;:o us tu permit ci f i I u ll jr. In appearance it reicin-dod a very email brjdjo, perfect iu heud, linml, throat taji, efcj.-.and on enquiry it v,-oi,l I bj found that it Wiio intended for uau on a fellowcrea ture.- Attached to ;t is a round nicce of irnmrood four, inches in length by 'on;: and a hall inches in diawoa-r. - This'a;; ;in ia teeurcd in u broad Qtrap of lcatbei to crcss the mouth, In tho wood in a email hole, and when used ihi3 picoe of wood is in.ierti d iu tho mouth, the small hole being tha only brouthin'; Bpace. When tho whole iB eicured with the various straps and buokles a inoro complete bridlo in re:ioml-laneo could not well be imagined, It was, in short, thu ppriug gag — ono ? of tlio instruments used for torturing tho : unhappy prisoners iu thu pjnal eettle-' msnt. Tho turnkey took down tho little gaol auxiliary, and followed by the priest— who, ln.fapt, had nover yot seen the application of this torture — went to a cell occupied by a canviat named Itoonoy, 'i'hi : man was stone Jjlind, und tho poor wrsloh was a mote human wrceli from ditcaho and illtreat ment. On entering the coll, Jtumey waB found lying on his straw-mat undnened, and to all appearance arduep. Hadleir. roughly calling him by name, tJ Id tile blind old 'man to got up and dross himself. With a surprisod ex pression oil his niiihtlesa fae:- Itooney did so, and then followed tho turnkey into the yard, where H.iulcir inserted the ironwood g«g in the convict's mouth. When that was done the working of tho instrument was at once apparent, for tho sound produced in tho violent .:lljrt to breutho through the small hole rci'imblcci n half-stifled whittle. 'I'tm victim only got about half the proper supply of uir, and it was quite ovi'lent that if tiio gag woro inserted for any considerable tiuie suffocation would ensue. After this operation, Sudleir took his half \- Btilltd prisoner . to a lamp-post in the yard nnd placed his back againet it. The old inan'ii nrms woro thou lulteii round tlio post nnd seoured by a pair of handculfi to-it. The night was very ohilly, for in such a olimats, thougli the diya are hot tho niglitu invariably are oohl. Kooney wore a light jacket open iu front, and the priest, noticing that the man was uhivoring, (ho had juit be: n i .ken out of a warm cell) wont to him an ( huttoncd tho ooat up to his throat, at the same time speaking a few kind words to cheer him. Al though tho eouviot eould. neither. speak or bco the gift of hearing wns not denied him, and as Father Murphy spoko the tears rolled from his sightless oyes to think that someone yet felt for his miserable and felon con dition. Thero ia iio doubt that even tho most hardened villain oin be moro easily won to reformation by judioious kindness than by brutal severity, aud this fact alone is eullieiont to oondemn tho system whioh obtained ut tho eoloniil penal Bcttlomonts. ' How long are you going to keep ltoonoy in thin position ?' tho prion ut length asltod tho turnkey. ' I'll give bim four hours for a ehango. Last timo he only got threo hours,' replied Sadleir. ?'You surely don't mean that. The man will 'die under it. I'vo heard the doctor say that throo hours is moro than enough of this punishment,' Murpby vehemently un Bwered : _ i' There is no fear of him dying. He'll lire' to havo tho gsg many a timo yet. Mo . sides, he shouldn't break tho regulations,' was the heaitle.js roply. ' 1 buliava the man is pcrfeotly innocent, and I shall at onco see the aommnndant,' Biiid Fattier Murphy, an ho turned away. ' When ho found tho govorning ollioor he told llim -what had just been done, but the oomtnandant treated the matter lightly. ?'D.i you t'link that'll man o! ''-idleir's '. it imp f.hould have piiTver io ii.iii j', soeh . pnnlshment us tlie gaj (it liin jjlo:itui'e /' tho priest uakod, 'I re,;?.r 1 Mil n-i i'. iciialila man, and i- wnu'd lo »? for ino to tt'.find In t virv lnt.e i'ti.«e:i ut' discipline tin; t oeetir^. H ..11,-/ ..-, .1,1.1 Inivo Hiked, and he would n.-t Ije ji.;ni -.Ii : l,' anrnvered tliu c.juiiii..nd nut. 'lamceitiin tho man was not talking, and it brutal fellows liko Saddleir are allowed to uoo tho gag thero may bo n repetition ol Jtyan'a co se,' replied .Murpliy, j The commanding ollieer did not relish this I allu»ion to ltyan'B oai-e, wiiose death, was h.'.btencd by the gag, aud bidding tho clergy- I man good-evening ho went from tho gaol to his quarters. Tho priest was determined not to leavo Ii ioney to hia fate, and ho went in eearoh of Doctor Evorott. 1 1 waa la r on towards midnight, howevor, when that gentleman was found, aud the two went to tho yard where tho convict waa handcuffcd to the lamp-post. Ho waB still there, as the four hours had not yet ex pired. The inomont tho doctor looked tit him ho signalled for a turnkey, and hastily began to unloose tho bridlo. Tho most ignorant onlooker could eeo that thero wan no time to lose. Tho omaoiated palo face of tho convict was hideously swollen and purple, and it was evident that ho waa in the last atago of tuf focation. Of oourso, ho was not strong; and his vitality waa low, but nuch troatnjon^' waa calculated to kill thoJntrongoBt. In half a minutu tho gag was taken out, und Sadleir camo hurrying to tho spot and unlocked tho handouffj. ltooncy would havofallon to tho ground had ho not boon supported, and Everett sternly ordered tho turnkey to take tho convict to the hospital, and not back to tho cell. ' If 1 thought you would bo punished for it I would let tho poor wretch die, as ho' would be far better of/, but, under tho oir eum=tanoe5, I will not do so,' tho medical oflicor angrily eaid. As they proceeded down the yard towards the hospital, the ominoua sound ot tho stilled whistle fell upon tho priest's norvoua care, and, glancing in tho (lirootion of tho noiuo, ho was startled to suo another pri soner bound to a post and, without doubt, KEK«cd. Ho instantly drew Everett's atlention-to it, and, leaving It:ioney in chargo of a con stable who had como to them, they wont to tho post, aud there, cure enough, waa the puter.t gag tit work again. 'Who did thisf' asked the doctor of ?Sadlior, who had fallowed them. ' The man would not bo quiet, and I was forced to do it. I must do my duty,' was (he answer. On looking closely ot tho prisoner the priett said. ' Why, thiB is 0 Xeill. Surely you rnigl-t have let hiin oud his few hours on oarth in peace.' O'Noitl was ono of tho romaining muti neers, lying under ocntenjo of death, and, when the doctor found who it wau, he ordered tho turnkey to release him imme diately. When ho wan ablo to Bpeak tho convict solemnly assured those around him that he was lying qui. tly asleep when Hadloir en tered hia ooll, aroused him, and, without any explanation, dragged him out nnd gagged him. O'Noill woo taken back to his ooll, and Doctor Everett and X'nther Murphy pro ceeded to tho hosniul to eeo lioonoy. Ho -was still unoonecious, and it was only after an hour's unremitting attention that ho partly recovered hia senses.- Tho clergjman und tho doctor arranged to meet next morn ing — or rather tho tamu morning, for it waa long niter midnight when they separated — and eDter ti strong pretest against Sidloir having, the power to iulliot such punishment as ho hud thai, night. Along with tlio lljvcrened Mr. WilliamB they waited on tho civil commandant r.t ten o'clock, and put the case strongly be/urc him. ? 'I may toll you, eir, thu the men's lives aro not safe in tiie hand i oi uioh a man. I am not o^it.iin yet that It louey will survive hia treuaient ol last nigt.t,' prutefted the dootor. ? 'That man liuu been dyin,; tor mouths, (aid you Bhould not blauio S.idleir if lie goes off,' the oommandant coldly answered, ' liut, surely you dti not think it proper to toi'iuro a dying mao ?' the priest asked. 'There iB no torture about it. The punishment is perfectly legal, and the lav/ does not allow torture.' ' I hog your pardon, eir,' broko in Everett. ' I think the gag ..hould be al'uiKhi-d, and if Oummi:;:iont;r Mu.:-re uakB my opinion of it, I will tell iiini go.' ' Well, gentlemen, it thu h::a I authorities dtciuo to stop its use, v.i.il r.nd good. I urn responsible for discipline here, and 1 may tsll you that I will not inteifere with present arrangements.' ThudopuUtioh of humane jjontleniun. with- drew from tho commandant's presenuo, sorely disappointed at the result ot tho inter view, but each of them were quite deter mined not t,o let the matter rest whore it was. Their ouly hope lay in the commissioner, but th'it geiitleinr.il, who bad now been u fortnight on the island, had as yet done absolutely nothing towards bia mission. I£ the truth must be told, lio ee-enied to havo entered upon a prolongud spree, whioh was rather encouraged than i t-iei iviii: by moet of tho oftiuials who had any lapso to hide. Thoy woro evidently determined thai lio should leave tho ialmid as wise na wlion he landed on it, and t'lero was every prospect that their wishes would bo realised, as he fell very easily into tho nap. 'Tlio threo gentlemen separated, altev oora ing to an understanding that on tlie tirH favorable opportunity they .would pluee their views strongly before Mr. (J.ui.uissiotier Moore. Mr. Williams, who had been in attendance most of the proviotis nigh', on a eljing prisoner, went over to a small uuiuier-liousu whioh stood in the barrack guninds, und scuting hiniheli on a small rustic l.-eeeh in it] placed Ilia leet- on u Biuall table! oppoBiti', und was auou buried in a profound reveuo on tho misery euie! wretchedness armnid him. lie had been in this po-jiiiou about ten minutes, when he was suddenly .-imtled by Oommij-.ioner Moore rushing ii l - iho fuiq nier-iiiiiirie, who seized him by cv.uli tout i.nd rudely dragged him along tho re: t and then let him drop on the ground. A» tho clergy man one, the excited commissioner dealt him a sever,, blow in tho mouth which knocked out two o! hiu teeth.. . The man of poaou could not quietly submit f.) Buoli an unprovoked attack, and, being a muaoular Christian, he returned tho blow with interest. Just, at thin moment somo of tho ollieers cauio in and uoi'/.sd Jlooro, who waa evidently not responsible for hia notions. Although tho commissioner heartily apologised for hia oouduct tho next day, tlio contretemps put an end to any hops of asaiotanco from that quarter in nending Turnkey Sadleir to tho right about, but where man failed Providence apparently stepped in nnd suceeedod. No reoord is txtant, however, as to whether the inhuman sooun.lrel was treated in tho Barao brutnl manner that ho used to treat those undor his command. In fact, it ia to be feareel that buoIi was un! the cuuo, or uomoone would havo been sure to havo taken pleasure in handing tro tact down (o posterity. Three days after hi* brutal Iroatment of ltooney and O'Neill, ho was oaugl.l red-handed in tho act ot robbing Mr. Waters, one of tlio ollhdah'. Ho -actually had £700 in Jjisj siou belonging t - Waters, and, in addition to a Homing und a dose of the gag, ho re ceived a long term of imprisonment, which elTeumally precluded him over- onaoting another night Cceuo Buoh us hero des cribed. 'The Itsef Gang ' will bo tho title of tho nest week's oonviot iuoident; In this gang only tho most doHperato prisoners worn sup posed in be placed, but it waa fr.quontly mad.! i .o medium of the revtogo of gaoloru against innocent men. - 