Labour v. Shadow. To the Editob.— Sir,— Last week you pub lished something about "Eduoationv. Labonr" whoreto I thought I oaught a faint glimmer of tho light of poor labour's tronbles, and, oon- Mwnmw ww anowolvlno» tvlnttn In fTin Miriw Innn. tion, I saw the ontline of a fignro moving in Uia distonoo. I rosolvod to follow, and aftor pnr- Buing it through all manner of things and dark plaoos, whoro do you think it led mo F Down into a deep blaok holo so intensely dark that I oonld not soo u stem. I lit a matob, and lo, I bohold I was in a cellar throo parts filled with gold and silvor, and raising my eyes I oloarly saw tho fignro loaning against tho cold damp wall boforo mo. It was a phantom, and oriod, "lam Oapital, thoa art Labonr; begono at onoo, lost I should douso tho glim yon oall education, and loavo thoo in tho dark again." I stood and marvelled, and raising my oyes still highor I oould discern the words " Bank of England" abovo tho shadow, whioh yelled again, " Begono ! I say, and aioturb mo not. My agent Credit has told no all." I returnod to Brisbano and met Jdok, onothor union labourer, who told me ho had beon working 12 monthB in Old Boots's bhop'forhisront, tnoker, olothep. tehfteoo. hear, newspaper, fta.. and hadn't a shilling' left.' Old B'oo'ts had got all tho profits, and was living on thorn like a gentlemen. " It is no use," ho added, "if we don't Btiok together and mako tbeso blooming employers givo us a fair sbaro of tbo oapital wo msko for thorn wo will starve ;" whereupon I said, "Como on then, wo will jnit go and soo if wo can't find this nost of stuff you havo earned for him, and got somo." Bo off wo go to tho old chap's place, but find nothing thcto, Bave tho goodB mado by Jaok and others liko him. TMs is strange; whoro oan be bave it? Lot ub go to tho bank that paya bis ohcqucB. Tho manager says Boots has no monoy here, oxcopt a fow shillings, whioh he owes for interest. Bnt ho is rioh, and wo want to know where his riohes aro. " In his orodit," says tho baukor. And where is his orodit P Hero. Well, wo want a share of that. Thon yon must first got a share of his business. How oan wo do that? Tho only way I oan see is to gee a sharo of himsolf. How oan wo do that? Get a pair of scales and weigh his ability first, thon your own, unddivido tho pro fits in proportion to tho woights. But we oanuot do that without killing him. If yon kill him, yon kill his orodit also, and yon aro in tho eamo position. Woll, thon, wo will go for Mb proporty. Bnt that pays tho law to protect it, and tho chanocs aro tho law will wipo you out, if you try it, hcoanso tho law isarmod with capital. What is oapital? Tho groatest powor on earth. Whoro does it Iivo ? Chiefly in tho collars of tho Bank of England. (Ha ! I havo already soon it— .tho ghost !) Then what is a capitalist ? A person with more or loss oapital or power. And what is a labourer? A person with loss or none. ,Ie thoro no oapital horo bo- longing- to tho ploooP Very littlo, so far us I. know,; but I boliovo thoro is plenty, If wo know whoro to 'look for it. ' Is thero no oaeh? Yes, plenty of a kind. : What bind? Boft bank-notes. Aro they, not monoy? No; -thoy aro only IOUs of mousy, Whion aro goad enough in a oortain froportion to gold and silver- metal, oallod ullioD, tho father of oapital.1 Thoa wo havo no monoy horo in Quconslcnd,? Vory littlo, whioh wo owo for interest on orodit borrowed from English oapital. How muoh powor do yon snppoED Old Boots has ia tbat mass of oapltoV in tho1 Bank of England cellars P Well, if it woro nl divided into shares in proportion to everyone's orcditi ho would probably havo about- £100. Thon it is no nso our going any farthor, because that sum wonld hardly give caoh of hU employees a glass all round.' No; Ithipk \- you had better go homo and think U oytit fittt ,v -ond then return to me to-morrow, wben'IWlll tell yon something else, X think, Ob, lrt'e Jbay6iil;.n6w,( jwhatiis/it?' Well, It >X toll yon , now r.fjwlll rvqu go: homo and think. It ovor? Yes. Thon; it bv alpqply this — fou ' hayb . mlatokon your ' yooatiopa. Edubatltm bas tafigbt us 'all Bow to sp'ohd money, mony. how to mako it, fow how to save - it, ana less, iwhat it really is; . My adviooto vow Is to, got a piokj Shovri, and dish, and go into', tho oountry! and thoro sock what you fe'ttlly want— but oanuot find in town. (Thoro yon havo a good ohonoo; horo you have littlo or none— at prosont at all ovonts. Make up jrou minds to work ; dig and risk.- Whon you find what yon aro looking for, stiok to it, and do not taho it ont of tho Conntry. Tho laws of tho oountry do not oompol you to part with it, but tbo laws of nature do for broad, &o.; Whon tbeso mako demands, soo that it only goosto thoso who will not sond it ont of the country- for anything. Whoroupon wo thanked him for his advice and withdrew to think it over, and boforo long yon will probably bo mado atkairo of tho result, sir, in reporting a rioh find quite oloso to your door by, yours, &o;„ Old BnsmiAN. Brisbane, July 28. 