THE BEJTDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) rp-oaiiKsaioK, ot?R iuouts, and ocii hesouhces. SANDHURST, M03DAY, APJtIL 13. 1S91 THE GUNBOWER RAILWAY. THE Sectional Committee No. 2 of the Railways Standing Committee will this week take evidence with regard to the proposed lines of railway from Echuca To Torrum- berry, Elmore to Tomara, Gunbower to Cohuna, Huntly to Tomara, via Kama- rooka, and Bagshot to Warragamba. After travolling through the districts concerned, tho committeo will take evidence in Sand hurst on Thursday night in support of the' various proposals. As Sandhurst is deeply interested in the proposed railway com munication with the Cohuna and Gunbower districts, and the City Council and Miners' Association took some action with regard to the question last year, it would be well if some thing further wero done now. Some evi dence was collected la3t year which should be available at the present stage, and it should be submitted, along with any fresh evidence, to the committee on Thursday evening. The importance to Sandhurst of a railway to the Gunbower district cannot be over estimated, but when it is remembered also that a considerable portion of theintervening district is thickly.timbered, tho necessity for the opening up of that district must carry conviction to tho minds of all who have any doubt. Tho Miners' Association laid great stress on this point, for tho necessities of the mining industry in the matter of timber supply appeal very strongly to all who are interested in keeping mining in the position of our staple industry. There aro many reasons in favor of the proposed line of railway going through the timberod country to tho north of us, and the residents of the districts con cerned will, no doubt, be ablo to advance weighty reasons for the construction of the lino, and in support of the selection of tho particular route favorer!. The City Council of Sandhurst should tako tho lead in this matter, and, as we are not aware of any preparation having boon mado by it to placo the committeo in possession of in formation, wo would suggest that immediate action should bo taken. A special meeting might be called at once, and the attendance of representatives from the Miners' Associa tion, and of all persons interested, fhight be requested. The committee which will meet at tho City Family Hotel on Thursday night Bhould not bo allowed to leave without learning the wishes of Sandhurst in the matter, or without hearing tho valuable evidence which it should bo possiblo to submit. Action should havo been taken earlier, but it is not too lato to gather material to make a good caco in support of a route which will eeryo the interests of Sandhurst. I Gold, (Jalls and Dividends. — The gold ! yields on Saturday were gooil, considering tjie [ brokeu time in tho early part of the fortnight, owing to tho Easier holidays. The total was | about 2,400 ozs. Tho New Red White and Blue held pride of place with a fine yield of 497 07.3. The other leading yields were Specimen Hill, 269 ozs; New Argus, 240 ozs; Lazarus No. 1, 239 ozs; United Hnstler'a and Redan, 220 ozs. The'. New Red White and Blue had a sixpenny dividend (£l-,12o).f Only one call (Great Extended Hustlers, -Is) iB announced. , r Tne Northern Province Election.—Some speculation is being indulged in by. the public generally as to the naxt development in regard to this election. It will be remembered that when Mr. J. R. Hoskins forwarded Air. Illing worth's resignation to tho President of the Council, it was returned, as during u recess such documents should be forwarded to the Governor. Mr.' IUingworth.being ia Western Australia, it naturally takes some little time to communicate with him and receive j. reply, but it is thought possible that when the Governor returns to. Melbourne during the next few days he may receive Mr. Ming worth's resignation,, .Mr. J. Sternberg is as yet tho only candidate definitely announced for the probable vacancy, Wo hear on good authority that during the past few days, Mr. R. Reid", chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, who has been mentioned as a probable candidate, . was approached on the matter a few days ago; but expressed a disinclination to come forward, though ho did not definitely decline! It is now stated that Mr. Willder, of Melbourne, ia a probable starter. WOOD FOR THE CHARITIES.—Senior constable Barry is daily in receipt of letters from persons upcountry, intimating that they have forwarded wood to Sandhurst for the hospital and asylum. Amongst the last that have come to hand is one from Mr. A. Gledhill, station- master at Bridgewater, who states that a truck of firewood collected and presented by the " station staff" at that place, had been sent on to Sandhurst. The cost of freight, 16s 6d had been paid by subscriptions from the residents in the township. Tjie ScgarloAf Reef.—There is nothing new to report regarding tho reef at the Sngarloaf, save that nearly a dozen claims are marked out, several of the parties deciding to try adjacent hills to that on which Middleton ind Wild's alaim ia situate. Some of the gullies running away from the hills aro to be testod, and it is likely that gold will be found. -It.is stated that a party of Italians have been obtaining gold in . a gully a couple of miles away for some time. The fact of the claims being pegged out has been reported to the Lands department, as the locality is in the Ellesinere aud Axedale State Forest, is thought that the reservation may exempt the land from occupation for mining purposes. Even if this be the case, however, the department is not at all likely to tak _mining. Some of the parties are now erecting huts, and it will be some little time before sufficient work is done to cause any new develop ment. The HosriTAL Secretary.—We have to an nounce that Mr. J. Thurston Hogarth, the popular secretary of the Bendigo Hospital, hns been appointed superintendent to the Victorian Asylum aud School for the Blind, in Melbourne, in place of the tate Rev. W. Moss*. Since Mr. Hogarth's arrival in Sandhurst eighteen months ago, his high capabilities have been duly appre ciated, and he has made many friends, both in social and musical circles. These will be glad to hear of his success while they regret his de parture. The Change of Name.— The poll of rate payers to decide as to the change of the name of this city from Sandhurst to Bendigo will be takeu on Tuesday, 28th instant, and the polling places are announced by advertisoment else where. The polls will be open from 8 a.m. till op.ro. " Success of a Bendigo Vigneuon.—Mr. J. D. Kahland, the well-known vigneron of Sand hurst, has received from Mr. Cameron, secretary to the Victorian court at the Paris Exhibition of 1S89, a handsome certificate and massive medal, prizes secured by Mr. Kahland for a collection of wines exhibited by him. Mr. Kahland also received one first, three second, and a third prizes on tho same occasion. Enginedrivers' Association.—The business transacted at the weekly meeting of the Bendico branch of tho Enginedrivers' Association was of no public importance. There was a good atten dance. Departure of.' the Rev. W. Williams.— Last evening tho Rov. W. Williams, F.L.S., who for some time past has worthily filled the position of superintendent of the Wesleyan Churches in this district, preached his farewell sermon in tho Wesleyan Church, Forest-street, prior to his transference to Toorak. The church was crowded. The rev. gentleman preached a powerful sermon from the words contained in the II. Corinthians, 13th chapter, 24th verse— "The grace of tho Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, aud the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all." The choir rendered the anthem, "Sing unto God," and during the ofiertory the hyuin "God be with you till we meet ag-iin," very pleasingly. Vacancies for head teachers and assist ants, advertised in accordance with ■ the provi sions of the Public Service Act, 1890 :—Chil woll, Merino, Mickleham, Mount Moriac, Cape Schanck, Red Hill, Woodstock West, Bowcya, Mocamboro, Fernihurst, Hazelwood North, Re search Gully, Galaquil, head teachers; Rich mond, 1st male assistant 3rd claRs; Sandhurst, 1st female assistant 4th class; Mildura, 1st female assistant 4th class; Eaglehawk, 2nd male assistant 5th class; Stawell East, Horsham, Heathcote, Bairnadale, Mortlake, Drysdale, Portnrlington, Preston, Richmond, Brunswick South, Albert Park, Tooronga-road, female junior assistants; Footscray, Carlton, Rich mond, Daylesford, malo junior assistants; Framlingham, Mooroopna North, Yackaudau dah Junction, Glenloth, Lima East, Pay wit South, Monea North, Peechelba Township, head teachers; Cluncs, Kangaroo Flat, Kerang, female junior assistants; Brunswick, Footscray, Flemington, male junior assistants; female re lieving teachers (2). The undermentioned teachers have been ap pointed to the following vacancies, advertised on the 13th and 20th March, 1891 :—Fitzroy, head teacher, George F. Hutton ; Hoddle's Oro.ek and Launching Place, head teacher, John N. Smith ; Modewarre, head teacher, Denis P. Kelly ; Sandy Creek, head teacher, Beatrice Davey ; Cainpaspe, head tracher, John S Kennedy ; Dowling Forest, head teacher, John Magan ; Ten-Mile Creek, head teacher, Gilbert Smith; Carlton, 1st male assistant, William Young ; Fryerstown, 1st female assistant, Elizabeth H. Tredinnick ; Elsternwick, 1st male assistant, Hugh 'Hughes ; Caulfield, 1st male assistant, William R. Saunders ; New-port, 1st malo assistant, Edward P.H. Emmett; South Yarra, 2nd malo assistant, Joseph M. Mankey ; Richmond, 2nd male assistant, Edmund J. West; Mooree Ponds West, junior assistant, Laura A. Tullochj Traralgon. junior assistant, Harriet A. Milligan; Mount Egorton, junior assistant, Jane Lakeland; Brunswick East, head teacher, Wil liam Spring; Braybrook South, head teacher, Thomas Flynn; Gras3tnere, head teacher, Wil liam U. Riddell; Emu, head teacher, Rosetta Neyland; Leigh, head teacher, Ernest H. Swan; Piper's Creek, head teacher, Robert Kerr; Darraweit Guim and Havelonk, head teacher, Alexander Winning; Brunswick East, 1st female assistant, Mary A. Doid; Praliran, 1st male assistant, Henry Robinson; Brunswick East, 1st male assistant, Henry V. Roget; Carlton, 2ud male assistant, John Barling; Caulfield, junior assistant, Elizabeih F. Rox burgh ; Port Melbourne, junior assistant. Josephino E. Page; Auburn, junior'assistant, Hannah Brookes. Art Gallery.—The following is the number of visitors during tho past week (as computed by the curator, Mr. J. B. Harris) : — Mon day, 254 ; Tuesday, 311 ; Wednesday, 29G ; Thursday. 209 ; Friday, 139; Saturday, 10G; Sunday, 37G; total, 1,705. Messrs. J. vY. Rymer, H. Credgington and R. Liddell were in attendance as honorary caretakers yesterday afternoon. Deaths in the Hospital.—John Moody, agod 72, died 11th April, admitted on 26th March, from phthisis. Mary O'Brien, aged 67, admitted 18th March, died 12th April from phthisis. William Watkins, aged 70, admitted 24th January, died 12th April from disease of knee-joint. Vine and Fruitgrowers' Association.— Theordiimiy meeting of tho above association convened to bo held on Saturday evening, lapeed for want of a quorum. The Eight Hocks' Sports. — The entries for tho events to be contested at the forthcoming sports on Eight Hours' Day closed on Saturday evening, and were- very satisfactory, all having filled well. The handicaps appear in another column. Acceptances for all events closo on Friday next. Visitors to the Museum.—The number of visitors to the museum last week as reported by the curator (Mr. J. B. LUlie Macltay) was in the aggregato 570, or an averago ofabout 95 persons per day. Forest-street Wesleyan Literary and Debating Society.—A meeting of this society was held on Friday evening when an interest ing debate on federation took place, Mr. Edeu affirming that federation was desirable and Mr. Waugh taking the negative. Mr. Edeu was supported by Dr. Quick, Rev. W. Williams and Mr. Rule, whilst Mr. Harcourt supported Mr. Waugh. At the conclusion of the_ meeting the members and visitors' were entertained at a social by Mr. and Mrs. Harcourt at which Mr. Waugh, on behalf of tho members, presented ill'. Williams with a case of microscopical and dissecting instruments. Mr. Williams replied in feeling terms. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. aud Mrs. Harcourt for their kindness. Tho doxology was sung and the meeting dis persed after havingspenta very pleasant even ing, Mr. Williams leaves for his nqw station at Toorak on Wodp?sday nest. "Government Gazette" • Notices.—The following notices appearin last week's "Gazette": —William M. M'Gregor, relieving; atationinaater at Echuca, has been appointed officer of Customs at that place vice W* G. Wannop, transferred; Arthur Christey, sub-collector of Customs and landing officer at Echuca, to be sub collector of customs and assistant inspector of fisheries, keeper of the powder magazine, and to have chargo of the Harbor department at Warrnam bool; the appointment of Mr. B. B. Rees as analyst for the Ray wood Borough.Council, has been approved of by the board. M ushrooms.—The rain on Saturday had the effect of bringing out a fine crop of mushrooms, and yesterday numerous parties were to be seen - scouriug likely places in the outskirts of the city. A Defective Water. Main*.—Last evening one of the mains in Mitchell street burst, and a laigc quantity of water escaped. . > The Water Supply officials were communicated with, bub before their arrival a large hole was formed in the roadway by the escaping water; Thsleak age was stopped, and railings put round the ex cavation, so as to prevent persons driving along the road from falling into it. Citv Poucfi Court.—Messrs. M. Rundell and J. Illingworth, Js.P., presided at this court on Saturday. The adjourned case against a youth named George Jess for damaging pro perty belonging to his father was withdrawn, as the defeudant had adopted the suggestion made by Sergeant' Fahey when the case was previously before the court, that he. should leave the district.- A woman named'M. Cook was proceeded against for using insulting words in a public place with intent to provoke a breach of the peafce. She was defended by Mr. Kirby. Constable J. Riley informed the bench that the defendant and another woman named Beatrice Keane were quarrelling in Howard place. The defendant was sobei>, but the other woman was under the influence of liquor. The defence was that while the defendant was talk ing to a frieud near the Reserve fence Keane came up to them and spat in her face and otherwise assaulted her. Mrs. Cook then naturally euough retaliated. The bench dis charged her. In the case of Geo. Stevens versus C.J. Walker, for the recovery of £10 lOs Gd, money lent and interest, Mr. Kennedy appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Kirby for tlie defendant., The plaintiff deposed that .in Sep tember last he lent the defendant £10 and had received several letters from him acknowledg ing the debt. The defence was that the defen dant had spent about three weeks in trying to dispose of the plaintiff's business, and it was then agreed, between them that the debt should be Considered us settled. As an earnest of this 'the plaintiff had torn up the letters which he received from the defendant. The plaialilT was recalled, and emphatically denied having asked the defendant to try and dispose of his business. The bench allowed £G of the set off, and gave a verdict for £4 without costs. The plaiutiff, who conducted himself in an extraordinary manner throughout the case, left the curt in a state of excitement saying that he would not take £4. Mr. Kennedy remarked that if his client re fused to accept the money he was willing to take it. The court then adjourned. • Presentation.—A pleasing little ceremony was performed at the B.U.F.S. dispensary arid medical institute on Friday night, when Mr. J. A. Whitlam was presented by thc: committee with n valuable gold locket, the front of it being sec with a handsome iliamoud, and on the reverse side -vas a suitable inscription. Mr. C. Houston, in milking the presentation, said that Mr. Whitlam had always most willingly given the committee the beuefit of his experience and assistance iu matters connected with the dis pensary, and a3 a slight token of recognition of the many services he had rendered them, the committee felt that it was only right, that "they should muke him this small present. He hoped that Mr. Whitlam'would long live to wear it. The recipient acknowledged the present in a few woM chosen remarks, and an adjournment was made to the Courthouse Hotel, where several toasts appropriate to the occasion were duly honored. The locket was selected from the stock of Mr. S. Brockley, P.ill Mall. The Collingwood Emotion".—The time for receiving nominations of candidates fur. th'e Collingwood seat in the Legislative Assembly closed on Friday evening at 6 o'clock/ Four candidates hive been nominated (states the " Age "). These are :—Wm. Guard Field, Charlotte-street, Collijigwood, estate agent; Edgar Wilkins, Hoddle-streot, Collingwood, butcher; Jno. Hancock, 44 Barry stieet. Carlton, compositor, and Geo. Arnot Maxwell, Armadale, barrister at law. The polling takes place on the 17th inst. Water Stealers —The Kyabram conrt was crowdod on Friday (states the, " Argus") when a number of farmers were summoned for taking water from the channels of the Echuca and Waranga United Water Trust without the necessary permit. Great interest was taken in the proceedings, as they are the first cases of the description tried here. Mr. Smallman, police .magistrate, was on the -bench,' with Messrs. Doherty, Unitt, and EUis, J's.P. Six teen cases were tried, and eight fanners weie fined in small amounts, and the other cases were struck out, the l'.M. observing that in future any cases of water stealing would be. severely dealt with. Tim elderly female teachers who have during the last few days been in fear that they might be asked to retire from the public ser vice may take heart of grace (says the "Argus") for the Crown Law department has given an interpretation of the law which is in their favor. Under tho Education Act it i3 provided that female teachers tiPho have been 30 years in the service, or who have reached the age of 55 years, may retire. The point was raised in the Education department as to whether this pro vision was mandatory, and the Crown Law officers were asked to give an opinion on it. An intimation has been received from the Crown Law department that it is optional for the teachers to retire or not as they please. Congregational Church.—The Rev. C. Copland, of Prahran, occupied the pulpit; at the above church yesterday. In the morning the rev. gentleman preuched an eloquent di«-. course, from Proverbs 22nd chapter, and 6th verse :—"Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old ho will not ^depart from it." The preacher laid great stress on the im portance of training up children in the way of righteousness, and the responsibility of the church and the home in regard to this training. The church is formed for worship, fellowship and service, aud if we are to build up churches worthy of our Master and our cuuntry, theso high objects can only bo attained by the right training up of those who in the near future will have the governing and con trolling of the welfare of this youn? nation. The sermon in the evening was based on the 2Sih verse of tho JOth chapter John—"The Master is come and calleth for tlieo." Mr. Cop land delivered an earnest address in the interests of tho Victorian Christian Endeavor Society, of which he is president. The principal object of this society (which is chiefly composed of young people of all denominations) is to promote an earnest Christian life amongst members, to in crease their mutual acquaintance, and make them more useful in the service of God. Tho work which began in Ame.ica iu 1888 proved eminently successful now numbering 700,000 members. In Victoria the society was estab lished about two years, and the present mem bership number 2,500, a vory satisfactory result and worthy of every earnest Christian's attention. It is proposed to establish a society of this kind in Sandhurst, of which due notice will be given. United Free Methodist Ciiubchks.'—The Rev. J. Wallace who has been appointed to take charge of the Methodist Free Churches in the Sandhurst Circuit in the place of the Rev. E. Turnor, who has removed to Ballarat, preached his first sermon yesterday in the Galvin-atreet church The preacher selected as his text the words of the apostle Paul iu his epistle to the Romaus, " I am determined to know nothing among men save Jesus Christ and him crucified.','.. The congregation was large. In the evening Mr. Wallace officiated at Iron bark. A New Quick: i'irinq Guy. —The Secretary of Defence (says the "Age") has received a com munication from Maior-General -• Harding Steward, military adviser to the Governor, fur nishing particulars of a remarkable trial of a G in quick firing gun at Portsmouth. The projectiles weighed 100 lb,and the weight of the weight of the powder charge was 34 lb. The trial embraced 100 rounds fired in series of 10 and 20, with as much rapidity as possible. Ten rounds were fired in 1 minute 31 seconds, an average of over six lounds per minute. Major General Steward states that the ease and accuracy with which the gun was trained over an arc of GO degrees and elevated 15 degrees was remarkable. Excellent practice was made throughout the trials. Electric firing was used, and not.a single miss occurred. He suggests that Messrs. Huddart, Parker and Co's. steamer Courier bo armed with one of these guns, placed in the bows, with four 14-pounder guns, two on each side. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an advertisement in another column, by which Mesdts. Henderson and Goodisso1, of the Beehive, announce thai for tho future the highest charge for making costume? at their establishment will tie 10s Gd, notwithstanding that the material niny ce of the choicest cloth or 6iik. The prices for mak irgup lhn more common material and children's dres.-ies will be proportionately low. To day at H o'clock Messrs. Jas. Andrew and Co. will sell at their roomi, sideboard, pianos and general fiircib'ire, and at 12 o'clock freehold pro perty on account of Mr. D. Wilson, situated at the corner of Violet and M'Kenz'P street.-), and at the same time on account of Mr. G. Hall, who has hfc Sandhurst, freehold land at the corner of Hi>:h and Violet s reets. Full particulars will bo found in our auction columns. Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. will sell by pub lic auction this day at 11 o'clock, at their rooms, HargreaveB street, a large and varied assortment of household furniture and effects, also quantity tools of evsry description, and a collection of glftssy/ftrc, crgsltery, emidden, without tesatvsi 