A-A STAl ' OEO8T.j In the course of thirty years' exlprience as an actor and manager in thoprovinces, I have had some curious adventures, but never one so utterly beyond my powers of comprehen sion as an occurrenee which took place at the Theatre-Royal, Woolford, just before Christ mas 1872. I have often related the details of this matter to my friends, and it was talkedof freely at the time. Of course, every men who heard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account for the incident which I could not possibly account for; neverthe less, none of these theories ever satisfied me, and I- am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair as I was the day it happeened, now eighteen years ago. Woolord, as most people--at least people of mr profession- ar o'aware, ie one of the most important theatrical towns in England, and its Theatre-Royal is visited week after week by the leading touring companies. Eighteen years ago, however, it was the habit of some companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, and -it was in acoordaeco with this practice that the com pany of which I was a member stayed at ýVoolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. We were a strong com bination, and during car stay in the place gained much applause for our presentation of Shalespearean plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally good mount. ig and accessories. There were three persons in our company who excited my interest in an unusual decree. The first was our leading lady, Misse Helen Lattimer, a very handsome clover woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above the ordinary run of actresses, and looked apon her work with that fine enthusiasm which always tends to success. It was a great thing for herchances in the profession that she had been exception ally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages in the great dramatist's works which ano ordinary mind would have found it diffloult to understand. She worked very hard, and devoted several hours a day to study, with the result that when she repre sented one of her favourite characters you quite forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or ])esdemona or Perdota, as thecaso might be. fissLattimor, in fact, had already achieved the great dis tinction of submerging herself in the character which she engaged to present. The second person who attracted my notice was' our leading tragedian, Mr Edward' Boville. He had come into the company under: somewhat mysterious 'circumitances. None of us know him as an actor; he -had certainly not gone through the mill, as' most of us had; and yet he proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to the one he occupied at Woolford. Our manager, if he knew anything of Boville' history, carelully refrained from sharing' the knowledge with us, and we therefore.invented a story for ourselves to the effect that Boville was a peer in disguise who was' acting for-amusement. That he nas a gentleman we had no'doubt. He had all the manners and tone of: the society which we asually call aristocrattc; and it was palpably evident that he had been aducated as only publica-schooland university men are.'. He was always kind aund sociable with the rest ot .us;, but ,we ktew well enough that he was riotof us, and that under other- conditions we should not have had intimate relations with him. - : -oville was a tall handsome man, of 2S or '30, and I often. thought that he and Miss Lattimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Lattimer and he struck up a ft lendship which no doubt seemed to some of inlikely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, and they spent hours on the stage rehearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the love of the thing, I think.. But in spite of all this, I I never saw anything whioh led me to suppose Boville.to be in .love with Miss Lattimer. He was always as respectful to her, in. a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as 'he was to the other ladies, who, I believe,' werehalf afraid of his "'swell" manners., .; There was one person, however, .who thought.that Bovillo was making love:to Sties Lattimar,.and that was the third of the three posons who had -excited my interest, 'Until Bovile's sudden advent and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Melford had always been regarded as our most promising man. He had a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might be said to have been born on the stage. It was only natural that he should very much resent the way in which our manager passed Bovillo over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resent mont, and to throw out hints about amateurs and stage-strulck swells, and so on. To this, however, no one paid much attention, for Boville -was undoubtedly a very fine and capabloactor, and well worthy the esteem in which our mainager held him. I had often thought that Mrelford was in love with Miss Lattimer:' I had seen him watching her with an expression in his face which 1 did not like; I had seen him try to gain speech of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to one of baffled anger. He was not a bad fellow when' you came to know him; but his dark, somewhat sullen countenance did not inspire any one with feelings of liking. Then, top, he was moodjy and taciturn, and sometimes had ugly fits, in which it was almost dangerous to speak to him.' I- believe that old Simpson, our manager, would have got rid of him but for the iact ' that Mulford was a thoroughly trained actor, and a 'very useful man in a traveliing company. ' It was the first weel in December when we opened at Woolford, and we were to remain there-until the 20th, wheahthe theatre would be closed for a few days to 'allow of preparations being made' for the" annual pantomime. During thwo or three weeks preceing our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and lttelford, and more especially between Melford and Miss Lattimer. On more than one occansion I happened to come anoroes Mies Lattimer and 'Aelford talking together, and 1 fancied each time that she' was ii tears, while I was quite certain that lie was speaking angrily and with a sort of peremptoriness that he had no right to asseuc.- Two days after our arrival at Woolford I overheard those two talking in one of the dressing-rooms, and caught the final words which were spokenb- Melford. SI shall stand it no longer : 'll give you twenty-four hours, and if you don't speak then, I shall ". ' Then he went apbruptly away, and very soon afterwards I. saw S.iLs Lattimor leave the theatre: and though she hal a'thiek veil on,dt was evident tome that she had been shedding tears. I wondered what it was that Mfelford wished her to speak about, but finally decided that it was nothing more than some grievanco in relatidn to busines matters, of whioh Mellord, being- a peevish man, always had a.astoeok. And Tot that hardly sceonnted for iss Laittimer' s"'tears. How ever, it was no business of mine, and I tried to dismiss at from my thoughts. Our play that night wai"Rcineo and Juliet," with Miss Lattimer and Borille as the trwo ill-fated lovers, and ?tolford in the part of Tybalt. The o:oasion was somewhat out of the ordinary, for the Mayor and Aldermen of W'oolford had given their patronage, and were to be presenst in fill force. When theocurtain went up there was hardly standing-room in the morto popular parts of the house; and by the time we had reached 'the Ihllscnes, and Romeo saw Juliet for the first' time, there was not' a seat to be had in stalls or boxes, for love or money. 'It seemed to me that Boville was some. what agitated thatnight. - I had seen him early in theo evenng in conversation with -imiss Lattimer at the wings. They were not Ilong together; but 3elford saw them, and a fierco look came over his face. He went away, muttering to himself, and I thought that we should have trouble ere long. Little did I guess how it was to como. We n reached the scene where Tybalt, ro. turning to the stage, is met and slain by Romeo. I stood st the wmns watching, others of the company standing near me. Tybalt rushed on, and was met by Romeo. SI started to see how real the thing looked. S1Both men, lBoaille and Melford, glared at each otheras if theqoarreil had been a real one affecting themselves. The duel com i menced, thefeoncing was superb,, for both men war aeoomplihabd woedmm. Oa of the men etanding by my side remarkea how like a real fight tt wan. Suddenly, as in the stage directions, Romeom r Tybelt throgh the heart, and the latter with one glare" round, dropped. Bovillo stood motionless for a second, gazing at his prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house And then all of a sudden, one of the girls. standing at the wings shricked aloud and pointed to a stain that was rapidly crimason iagthe boards. The douel had been no acting ; it was real,.aud MIolford lay there dead ! I have only a confused recollection of what followed. There was no more acting that night, and the streets were soon full of a crowd talking of the awful miaohanne that had just taken place at the Theatre-Royal. For mischance it could be, and nothinoglse. By some dire mistake, Beoville had used a buttonless rapier. At the ernoial moment, he said,Mlelford slipped, and the weapon, in stead of passing between body and arm, had pentt:ated his heart. Of course there was an inquiry and an inluest and so on; but everybody seemed agreed that the whole thing was a terrible -aoident, and no blame was attached to B ville. Melford was interred, and in a day or two the matter was treated Rlke the pro verbial nine days' wonder. But Bovile went about looking very pale and haggard-a great contrast to Miss Lattimer, who some how seemed to have recovered her spirits, For a week after the accident the theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville's name was not on the bills, the manager con sidering it advisable that he should not appear for a while. Consequently the duties of loading man devolved on me,. and hard work I had during the next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself so much to thl satisfaction of old Simpson that he set apart the last night of ourstay at Woolford for my benefit. Now, I had always a desire to play Romeo, and I was all the more anxious to appear in that character on tiy beneflt'night because lfise Lattimer was an incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp. son. We were both dubionsabout the pro priety o, producing the play again so eoon after the fatal acoident; but we finally decided upon doing so, and the bills were got oat. I was anxious that Boviol lshould suip port me, and prevailed upon him to take' the part of Tybalt. He shivered slightly when I named thepart to him; but finallyconeentedon condition that an arsumed tuuuio hould: go down'on the bills. -The night came; I had a foll honse and a splendid rWeption, and Miss Lattimer wasmin magnifiedntform.'Tho early scenes went off admirably,~and after the balcony sceno I felt so elated with my own "snocess as to have- visions of a great car.er in the metropolis.: Boville, on the other hand, was gloomy apd under a cloud. "Tom," sho said, cominbto me at the wings, "something is goingtdo lappen to me to night.' looked at him in amzoement. He shook his head. "Something will happen to me to night;" he repented. "I know it. Ifeel," he said In a lower voice, and looking round him,--"Ifeel that something is haunting me." " Noensene !" I answered.' " Yoti're out of sorts, Boville. The Christmas jollities will put you all right." You'll see,". he said, and turned away. The scene soon came where 1, as Romeo, encounter the fiery Tybalt and slay' him. As I stood awaiting Bovillo's approach, I suddenly became aware of a strange coldness that seemed to spread ittelf all round meo.. The words, ' Here mnoes the cry Tybelt bak a?anle.' ' fell on my ears unheeded. I caw ]orillo advancing. And then-I felt a cold touch on my hand, and a . voice-- Melford'a voice -whisper: " Not you, Tom." I felt myself held as in a vice, andosaw another -Romeo glide past toe sword in hand. I caught a glimpse of hisface--heavens ! itwaaMolford came back. I heard the rapiers clash!to gether and stoodspell-bound. 1 heard a voice behind me whisper: "Go on, Tom-go on,",aqd never moved. I was watching something that no one in that house, saw 'except myself. There they stood, the living maon ljoylle, and the ghost Melford, fighting. Suddinly, 3felford's rapier went home; and: Bovil fell. I jainted abd dropped on the etat'e. WlheioTeame roundait. was .to .hear of a tragedy,., They said that. Bovillo 'advanddc upon the stage, and that I, for some ain aacountable reason, stoodatill asif transfixed. Borille's face suddenly assumed' a horror stricken expression; he threw up -his arm and' dropped - dead. Heart-disease; the dotcris said. I told my story aftorwards, and got laughed at. But whatever the truth of the matter may be, and whatever was the naturn of that strange secret seared by 3ties Latti mer and the two men, I knowo beyond question that my place as Romeo wan assumed for a minute by the spirit of Charles teltord in order that he might wreak his vengeaneo.on the mantt who had murdered him three weeks beforo.-C.ianiie's Journial. 