. i POINTS. A WT8K n aro last Sabbath, ahoosay man me ly- a short bee lino from a pub ts a church. His appearance was groggy, and tho leor of : his orimsoccd faco was mischievous. Dubino tho opening prayer he was noi-ily rrspouBive; mvtu.tron at Bret by thoionaar Hia for a Salvationist star out ol it orbit. Bur l'fb remarks at last grow loud, indecent, blnsphomoue, r'ri.r'ng to tho weaker sox. FonTONA'iii/Y he conpt i expulsion by volun tary exit, but when outside ho waa rtoi'Hy audi biuta"y profane. He avowed that a revolution wci corr'ng, and the blank loafora iu white ohokors tbat gob . £300 a year far notb!ng would be shut up. Seen rn unmannerly ewiper should bogtrx tho revolution by revolutionising Hi o x a ; pcndlhrlft habits. Jt is this sort if waster nnd wastrel who era - utmost dying— by drink — for the oheneo oE- pending steady tolk9' money. A bint of " legal proceedings" indued IV groggy revolutionist to make liiuiself sumo on . the ground morning after he " disturbed a uuu- gregatlon at publio worship." Was his bit of indcoont bravado the m - tt-.r i f a public-houce bob P Bat how came ha ' o ba in a condition of stagger end swagger ut IV ..'clock ou Sunday morning P tfAS auvone si on tho Prcmiur Ul.-ty ? I£ ,iu„. how ero his net vtbP Bis friend and protego, Gins oy, wants tx know tho rc—.on why of orrtaiu uiriqroui notions towards be labour ujita'sra. To thio end tbe General Couuoil of tha A.L.F. aro pipl"'>'y drawing uo a stiiug u£' questions to be -—'1 by 'I", UwiL-oyo membsc as scon as possible uTic thu House meets. In Grey street, f-w " uuka pint, an owaer of a jingle car hae ir.r.ju a our uhed oi the s'cot; with the osnopitd heavens lor u roof. Tnir ear is tilted up, shafts pointing heaven wards, to remind terrified aud uui-iugarct paesengcrs, behind shying horses, that there is a carles heaven " up youder." That car, resting on its etoru stop, ht> i muoh, the same eficot on uervous boras as a ghost has on norvuue women. The difference being tbat tho womou shriek and the horses don't. They only jump, and, beforo you know where you ure, there you uro. Out of the world. Ou Suuduy Inst Wiudorah got its first inr'l fiom Brisbane kinoe AI: nob 28 As Buuduterg lhofrssor Bheltou aud othortf are going to alk about cum, sugar, uud things . ol thoie suits. Em Gaoyoe Gset is having a kind of triumphal progress iu thu southern eolouiee. Em Gvobge hag not escaped the penal tiea attaching to publio promict-nco iu his uvsntiol life. In his chosen homo bo is ua much disliked po1itica"y by tome hb ho is worshipped by others, hut both agree iu praito of Jit? utuur- fioeuce. Au. cr ten y ;ars a booklet was pubMslrod ia New Zealand, with tho title, " What Sic Georgo Grey has Done for thu lljloay." On examination it provt I to bo a very biting satire of a negative acjcriptiou. Though "jo cover was a puf: jt exatnplo of 'ypographicet Hk!l', tho inside of tbo Ljue waa entirely made up of blttuk leaves ! Cm Gkoeos Qpuy's latest idea is ou the lUhject of a eo'oniul Douuidday Book, eoulain- jng the name of a'l those vufug for lcdurarion. in the event of a plebiscite being taken. Bb thinks their descendants would iuok at tbis book with pride in future uges. The Doator's op-jion i tbat tho honor; would be too commou, though it would bo r-a honour uevettholces. English nob"ily boost of their encujtora coming ovor with the Conqueror; Emercsn, by tbo way, cr"s them " gretdy and rerooiorg pirates." The "bcatfeurMes" iu New Euglrnd, U.S., talk with pride of )tho Mayflower, and hoc passengers, whose dccceudanta they ure. But in eaoh of there cases there is tho con dition of a limited number, a mere fraotion cE the number who would vote for federation. Judging by tbe orop of assaults upon females down eoutb, tboro iB oi-'her a necossity for tha schoolmaster, the preaohrr, or the oac-o'-niuo- tails there. Some humorous burglars ia Sydney broker into a contractor's premises, and eraicd off u, rate, to< called. This was not the humorous part of tho bnsi- .nets, however — that oarne iu in leaving a bank: deposit slip. Trw telegram is not oxplioit on tho point, but, doubtless, this elip was filled up some thing in tho following fiiabiou : — "Dbpobiihd with Jemmy Crowbar, the sun of £100, by the hands of Dynamite Bill." Shades of Breakfast Greek ! Tho immortai W. M'N. Galloway is spoken of ub tho wharf lobonrera' eanoidate for the Valley. A dibd tells tho Dootor of a certain Valley storekeeper who hawked round bis Luoiud ticket on tho ocoasion of the return of Dr. D. In his own Milesian vetnaoulrr he said " It's only respectable miu loike wosulf who ere axed, but hard tuimcs havo driven zoo to. dispose of the ticket." ViThose Baroaldino unionists seoin to havo B3 many visions as tho patriarchs of old. Thby oan, faowover, soared/ ba compare! . to the old prophets, because uuwaduys the man. who hua visions aeldum has uiuek olsu. The iateBt UDion vision is one iu which a1! stations are in one big olazs wlillo tbe squatters ure being thrown in to h;op the blaze going. The bad times show uo eiii of improving,., end the people want to kuow ivliou iho Gov- i rnment are soinu to end the civil war that Mr. Tozer wots ot. Sbvebal sawmilling coinpaulc havo been., .'oraed to largely reduoe he number of hauda employed by them. This is a sign tbat things havo ahoat rouohodt. I heir lowest, tor generally there is no uotivity m business oiroles greater thau that of thq. buzz-saw. ABbisdana proaeher last Sunday male uea- of tho statement tl-it "the dov-1 always It avcs the bars down." Now, that is where he made a mistako. Hit Majesty is too wice a gentleman to perform any suun foolith action. Anyone who has Been the rata at whioh hotels increase in tho oity, even with loun!.. option, will conoludo that tho devil always puta more bars up. The labour leaders talk of the hardships en dured by tho strikers in support cf u priuuiple. They go into details of what the men have - gone through, and premies that they ure ready to go through twice ub rnuoti before they giva in. To look at these sauto leuders always suggests . the thought, "It is surprising how heroically we stand tho misfortaues of our friouds." Dubing the civil war iu Amotion tho great Artcmus in hia native village made a suprema suurifice, when he promised to give hie fathee- and ail hie brothers, not to mention halt a arzen cousins, to bleed for his oountry. But tho saorifioe is greater on the part of tha labour leaders. They are giving 6,000 Bhoarers for the saka of a prinoiple, and a bad aud worthless prin ciple at that. Finn in human nature is beooming ox-' - huusted in all the members of tho Baivatioo. . Army. As least that is what a oaptain reoeatlw stated. ; Be furthermore suggested that if ten boliev- ing ohvtoh members went away with a thief, nine of them would leave their pooket books al home. 