[ CURRENT LITERATURE. There cannot be any doubt as to the importance of the subject which Mr. I'divnrd Wcsteimnrch lins handled with admirable skill, industry, and learning in The Mayor of/Jitnutu Mai I raise (Macmillan and Co.). It is a scientific treatise, dealing with every point of the sexual relation with a fulness of detail and breadth of research which are without example in such investigations. Mr. Westermnrch, who is a lecturer at the university of Helsingfors, and ' therefore presumably ii Finn, is, i if courses follower of Darwin, but he differs from him on certain questions. On some important, points relating to the beginning of marriage Mr. Westermarch is at issue not only with Darwin himself but with most of his followers. With M'Lpiinan especially-, the author of Primitive Murnane, who has hitherto held possession of the field, Mr, Westemiiucli is directly at variance.' M'Len mm, as is well known, attempted to prove that marriage was originally "capture" (it has not quite ceased to be that in these dog ?,), and that the (list associations of mun willi women were not remarkable for durability that, in fact, the connexions were pro- miscuous man inge, in the modern term, brings development of chih safina. M'bon can also (a most acute and brilliant thinker, though not a very assiduous worker, who died too early for his fame) hold to certain original if not eccentric notions as to pol) - andy and the family governance, being disposed to ascribe over much power to the tribe or true commune over the indi vidual parents, and an excessive share of authority to the " maternal uncle. Mr. Westermarch does not believe in the maternal uncle, and places the power of the tribe below that of the family, declar- ing the family to be " the nucleus of the social group." But especially he is opposed to the M'Lennan theory of promiscuity-a theory up to the present time accepted by most anthropologists. Mr. Wester- march avers, as the main result of his inquiries into the history of marriage among all nations up to the earliest times, and among the most savage tribes, that this hypothesis is essentially unscientific." The es Science is all against promiscuity, and in favour of the purer and (as is here proved) the more natural system. Marriage, in fact, is a much more ancient institution than has been hitherto suspected. That respectable custom, in fact, may be traced up to the ancestral ages. It is stilling over the rule among animals, at least among those which are notpol.vgamous. And here we seem to detect weakness in the joints of Mr. We-s termarch's reasoning. He does not with ciently explain how- it is that some animals became polygamous, and thus departed from the ancient rule. However this may be, Mr. Wcsteruiareh has proved, by a long and a very laborious process, built up of facts derived, from the history of all nations, which are stated with much care and arranged with admirable method, that the leaning and primitive principle of marriage was the more or less durable convention between one male and one female, lasting beyond the lucie net of propagation, till after the birth in the offspring. " It is found among many of the lower animals; it ocean, as a rule, among the anthropomorphic apes, and it is universal among mankind." Being a necessary requirement for the existence of certain species," fabulously owes its origin to an instinct developed through the powerful influence of natural selection. J lower er strange and barbarous may have been some of the developments of manage among savage tribes, and even amongst people supposed to be civilised, the general law is that a single male selected for his mate a single female, and this was the primeval institution, superior to the law' of the tribe or the community from which all others have sprung. Mr. Westermárch has established his thesis with abundant ubi) ity and so fully and clearly as to stamp his book was the best and most scientific of all the authorities on the subject. There is, of course, much in it which valuable and interesting as it may be, is scarcely fit reading for "the young person." No apology, however, need be made for our author on this score. He is writing on a grave scientific subject, and, as he lived says, the conceal- ment of truth is the only indecorum known to science." Everything is told relating to such matters as courtship and maidenhood, but nothing is said which is unwholesome to lead, nor anything which is superfluous in a scientific treatise. Labour and Life of the People honda, edited by Charles Booth, (Williams and Norgate), is a work of extraordinary labour, devoted to an analysis of the condition at the working people of the British metropolis. Nothing so minute and exhaustive has appealed for the purposes of the statesman, the philosopher, or the philanthropist, Every quarter of London, almost every street, is described, with the character of its residents. In a brief appendix the editor summarises the results of the labours of himself and his coadjutors, and tells us of his further projected studies and of their object, which is to show "not only where poverty exists in London and in what degree, but also something of its relation to industry and of the manner in which it is affected for good or for evil by existing social action of various kinds." -VII this is a little vague, and, we cannot help suspecting, is intended to lead us into some heroic! remedies in obedience to those socialistic principles which are just now' so much in vogue among those calling themselves philanthropists. Crov t's Voyage to Tasmania, Dr., in 1771 72, translated by H. Ling Both (Truelove and Shirley is an account of the expedition undertaken by the French, in emulation of Cook's voyages in the South Seas, with a view to discover the new lands of which the great English navigator had spoken, and to forestal the English in occupying them. This was the first of the many expeditious sent to the Southern Ocean by the French with this object, the history of which, with their attempts at settlement on the Australian coast which was once thwarted by the diabolic croaking of the indigenous frogs, said at another time by theatrically aspect and uncouth gestures of the natives, which frightened the Frenchmen away-is not so well known as it ought to be. Crozet's narrative was first published in French in Paris in 1793. It is modestly written, and though of no particular scientific or historical value, is curious and interesting. This claims to be the first English version, which it is strange has never before appeared in the collection of early vo) ages and travels. Galloway. Ancient and Modern, by M. M'Korlie (Blackwood), is a book full of curious misinformation by a patriotic Galle wegian, who claims to be one of the original wild Scots" of that district, in popular legend " the last place that God made. Mr. M'Kerlie has an eccentric style and some queer ideas about the history of the island, especially that part of it called England but he is entertaining, if not instructive, and tells us a good deal flint people do not know to be true about the remote district which has the honour of reckoning him among its sons. Jhttifnl IMitiihteii, by 11 Sutherland Edwards (Eden and (Flemington), is a dull, commonplace story of an old man whose two wealthy daughters drove him into the work house. Mr. Sutherland Edwards has no call for this line of art. Alf on 'Men, women, and Hooks, -by Lady Wilde, mother of Oscar (Ward and Downey), is a compilation of articles and reviews, some of them very old, which have appealed in magazines. Lady Wilde has some original notions about men. She has on o el weening estimate of the late Lord Lytton, who is classed among the greatest of writers. She does not think much of George Eliot's works, of which she writes with feminine spitefulness. (in the whole there was no reason why Lady W title should go to the trouble of collecting her scattered articles. The Haunted House in llerkelu-iquore (Tischler) is by Willie Vredenburg, and a "shilling shocker." It does not shock very much, and, therefore, is a comparative failure. But what could be made in such a title No ghosts din Ino in Berkeley-square. If they did they would help- differently from the commonplace apparition which figures in these pages. 