THE WORLD'S DESIRE. BOOK I. CHAPTER I. THE SILENT ISLE. BY H. RIDER HA«;GARD AND ANDREW LANG. Jit main wio immortalein fit iter radical tempi SKHWI s. JKNKID XI., MI. Come with us, ye whose hearts are set \- Ontbh.the Present to forget; Come with us where the moonlight fills The hollows of the fairy hills, Where,dioo|M the jisionary vine Slen erlish to yield heart's anodyne! Comp reaxl tjie jLhings .whereof ye know Thttf ~K*rc not, and cotUd not be to! Tire' murmur of the fallen creeds 1/ike winds nnioitgwirtd-shaken reeds Alnng the banks fjf holy Nile,. . fcbal) efchft in Jbur ears (be while; The fablen of the'North and South I JJfoall in^n^e in a modern mouth; He fancies of the West and East Miall Dock'and flit about tbe feast Lilu doves that cooled, witii waving wing, Tbe.lMBijuetn oftlie Cyprian King. OM shapes of song that do not die Khali haunt thfe"balls ot memory, Ajod though- the, ,Bpw shall prelude clear - Shrill as toe song of Gnnnar's spear, There answer-safes from late and tyre '1 That murmured of Tbe World's Desire. There lives no'tnan but lie hath seen Tbe World's Desire, the fairy Queen. • . None but hath seen her to his cost. Mot one but loves what he has lost. None is there but hath heard her sing Divinely through his wandering; Not -one but he hath followed far The portent of the Bleeding Star; Not one but be hath chance to wake, Dreamed of the Star and found the Snake. Yet, through his dreams, a wandering fire, Still, still-she flits, TUB WORLD'S DHSIRI:! Across the wide backs of the waves, beneath the mountains, and between the islands, a ship came stealing from the dark into the dusk, ana from the dusk into the dawn. The ship had only one mast, one broad brown sail with a star embroidered on it in gold; her stem and stern •were built high, and carved like a bird's beak ; her prow was painted scarlet, and she was driven by oars as well as by the western wind. A man stood alone on the half-deck at the bows, a man who looked always forward, through the night, and the twilight, and the clear morning. He was of no great stature, but broad-breasted and very wide shouldered, with many signs of strength, He had blue eyes and dark curled locks falling baneath a icd cap such as sailors, wear, and over a purple cloak, fastened with a brooch of gold. There w^re threads of silver in his curls, and his beard •was fleekedwith white. His whole heart was following his eyes, watching fir=t for the blaze of the'island beacons out of the darkness, and, later, fot the smoke rising from the far-off hilly. But he watched in vain: there was neither light nor srrioke on the grey peak that lay. clear against a field of yellow sky. There was no smoke, rib fire, no sound of yoi^f nor cry of birds. The isle was deadly stil.L As thev neared the coast, and neither heard -nor saw a sign of life, the man's face fell The gladness went out of his eyes, his features grew older with anxiety and doubt, and with longing for tidings of his home. No man ever loved his home more than he, for this was Odysseus, the son of^jaertes—who of some i is ""galled Ulysses—feturtted from his unsung second wandering,- -The whole world • has heard the tale of his first voyage, how heivsis tossed for ten years on the'sea' after the taking «)f Troy, how.he reached home at last, alone a^d disguised as a beggar; how he found violence in ms house, how he slew his foes it) his own hall,, and won his wife again-. Buti «ven in his own country he was not permitted to rest, for there was a curse upon him and a iaJxracto.be .•accomplished. He must -wander again till be reached the land of men who had never tasted salt, nor ever heard of the salt sea. Tfyere he must sacrifice to the sea cod,' and tben,. at last, set his face homewards. Now •foe hadendured that curse, he had fulfilled the -prophecy, he had angered, by misadventure, the goddess that was bis friend, and after T adventures that have never yet been told, he ' had arrived within a bowshot of Ithaca. He came from strange countries, from the Gates of the Sun and the White Bock, from 'thePassing Place of Souls and the people,of Dreams. But be found his own isle more still and strange by fat*. The realm of Dreams was not ikS dumb, the Gates of the Sun were not so still, \- asthe shores of the familiar island beneath thei • rising dawn. • ' .This story, whereof the substance was set out " long ago by Rei, the instructed Egyptian priest, ' tells what be found there, and the tale of the last adventures of Odysseus, Laertes' son. The ship ran on and won the well-known haven, sheltered from wind by two headlands • of sheer, cliff. There she sailed utraigbt in till the leaves of the broad ..olive -tree at_ the head of the inlet were tangled in her cordage. Then the Wanderer, without once looking back, or saying «ne word of farewell to his crew, caught a 'bough Of the olive-tree with his hand, and swung himself ashore. There he kneeled, and kissed the earth, and, covering his head within his cloak, he prayed that he might find his house at peace, his wife dear and true, and his son worthy of him. But not one word of his prayer was to be granted. The gods give and take, but on the earth the godscannot restore. When he rose from his knees he glanced back across the water, but there was now no ship in the haven, nor any sign of a sail on all the seas. • And still the land was silent; not even the 'Wild birds cried a welcome. The • sun was hardly up, men were . scarce awake, the Wanderer said to himself; " and he set a stout heart to the steep path leading up the hill, over the wolds, and across the ridge of rock that divides the two masses of the island. Up he climbed, purposing, as of old, to seek the house of his faitnful servant, the , swineherd, and learn from hun the tidings of his home. On the brow of a hill he stopped to rest, and looked down on the house of the servant. But the strong oak palisade was broken, no smoke caine from the hole in the thatched roof, and as he approached the dogs did not run barking, as sheep-dogs do, at the .stranger. The very path to the house was overgrown, and dumb with grass; even a dog's .keen ears could scarcely have heard a footstep. The door of the swineherd's hut was open, but all was dark within. The spiders had •woven a glittering web across the empty blackness, a sign that for many days no man had entered. Then the Wanderer shouted twice, and thrice, but the only answer was the echo from the hill. He went in, hoping to find food, or perhaps a spark of fire sheltered under the dry leaves. But all was vacant and cold as death. The Wanderer came forth into the warm sunlight, set his face to the hill again, and went on his way to the City of Ithaca. He saw the sea from the hilltop glittering as 'of yore, but there were no brown sails of fisher boats on the sea. _ All the land that should now have waved with the white corn was green with tangled weeds. Half-wav down the rugged path was a grove of alders, and the basin into which the water flowed from the old fountain of the Nymphs! But no maidens were there with their pitchers ; the basin was broken, and green with mould; the water slipjxd through the crevices and hurried to the sea. There were no offerings of wayfarers, rags and pebbles, by the well; and on the altar of the Nymphs the flame had long been cold. The very ashes were covered with grass, and a branch of ivy had hidden the stone of sacrifice. On the Wanderer pressed with a heavy heart; now the high roof of his own hall and the wide fenced oourts were within his sight, and he hurried forward to know the worst. Too soon he saw that the roofs were smokeless, i and all the court was deep in grass. Where the altar of Zeus had stood in the midst of the court there was now no altar, but a great -grey mound, not of earth, but of white dust mixed with black. Over tins mound the grass -pricked up scantily, like thin hair on a leprosy. Then the Wanderer shuddered, for out of the grey mound peei>ed the charred black bones of the dead. He drew near, and lo ! the whole heap was of nothing else than the ashes of men and women. Death had been busy here: here many people had i>erished of a pestilence. They had all been consumed on one funeral fire, while they who laid them there must have fled, for there was no sign of living man. The doors ga])ed o|)en, and none entered and none came forth. The house was dead, like the jttople who had dwelt in it. Then the Wanderer paused where once the old hound Argos had welcomed him and had ditd in that welcome. There, unwelcomed, he stood, leaning on his staff. Then a sudden ray of the sun fell on something that glittered in • the heap, and he touched it with the end of the staff lie had in his hand. It slid jingling from the heap; it iw a irane of a forearm, and that which glittered on it wasa half-molten ring of gold. On the gold these characters were engraved:— IKJIAAIOL ME IIOIESKN. (Icmalios made me.) At the sight of the armlet the Wanderer fell on the earth, grovelling among the ashes of the pyre, for he knew the gold ring which he had brought from Kpliyre long ago for a gift to his wife Penelope. This was the bracelet of the bride of his youth, and here, black, calcined, bare, a mockery and a terror, were those kind arms in which he had lain. Then his strength was shaken with his sobbing, and his hands clutched blindly before him, and he gathered dust and cast "it ujxjn his head till hjs dark locks were defiled with the ashes of his dearest, and he longed to die. There he lay, biting his own hands for f=orrow, and for wrath against God and fate. There he lay while the sun in the heavens smote him, and he knew it not; while the wind of the sunset stirred in his hair, and he stirred not. He could not even shed one tear, /or this was the sgrcst of all the sorrows that he had known on tbe waves of the sea, or on the land among the wars of men. The sun fell, and the ways were darkened. Slowly tbe eastern sky grew silver with the moon. A night-fowl's voice was heard from m.— afar, it drew nearer; then through the shadow of the pyre.the black wings ^ fluttered into the light, and the carrion bird fixed its talons and its beak on the Wanderers neck. Then he moved at length, tossed up an arm, and caught the bird of darkness by the neck, and broke it, and dashed it on the ground. His sick heart was mad with the little sudden pain, and he clutched for the knife in bis girdle that he might slay himself, but he was unarmed. At last he rose, muttering, and stood in the moonlight, like a lion in some ruinous palace of forgotten kings. He was faint with hunger and weak with long lamenting, as he stepped within his own doors. There he paused on that high threshold of stone where once he had satin tne disguise of a beggar, that very threshold whence, on another day, he had. shot the shafts of doom among the wooers of his wife and the wasters of his home. But now his wife was dead j all his 'voyaging was ended here, and all his waif were, vain. In the whitelight the house of his kingship was no morfc-than -the ghost *of a home, dreadful; unlamiliar/empty of warmth and love and light.' The tables were fallenRiere and there through the long hall; mouldering fragments of the funeral feast and-shattered cups and dishes lay in one confusion; the ivory chairs were broken, and on tbe walls the moonbeams glistened now and again from points of steel and blades of bronze, though many swords were dark with rust. But there, in its gleaming case, lay one thing friendly and familiar. There lay the bow of Eurytus, the bow for which great Heracles-had slain his own guest in his own halls ; the dreadful bow that no mortal man but the Wanderer could bend. He was never used to carry this precious bow with him on shipboard, when he went to the wars, but it was treasured at home, the memorial of a dear friend foully slain. So now, when the voices of dog, and slave, and child, and wife were mute, there yet came out of the stillness a word of welcome to the Wanderer. For this bow, which had thrilled in the grip of a god, and had scattered the shafts of the vengeance of Heracles, was wondrously made and magical. A spirit dwelt within it which knew of things to come, which boded the battle from afar, and therefore always before the slaying of men the bow sang strangely through the night. The voice of it was thin and shrill, a ringing and a singing of the string and of the bow. While the Wanderer stood and looked on his weapon, hark ! the bow began to thrill! The sound was faint at first, a thin note, but as he listened the vaice of it in that silence grew clear, strong, angry, and triumphant. In his ears and to.liis heart it seemed thiit the word- Jess chant ran thus:— THE SONG OF TUB BOW. Keen and low Doth the arrow sing The Song of the Bow, 'i'lie sound of the string. The shafts cry shrill— Let us ftrth again, Let us feed our fill On the fltsh of men. Greedy and fleet Do we fly from far, Like the birds that meet For the feast of "war, \- Till the air of fight With our wings bQ stirred, • As it^wlHJTS from the flight "i Of fh^Javeningiied. * ... - . f . * . Like the flakes that drift " i. J." _ T • Onthe Know-wind's breatJi, . . Many and swift, And winged for death-' Greedy and fleet, • Do we speed from far, Like the birds that meet On tbe bridge of war. ~ . Fleet as ghost* that wail, When the dart strikes true. Do the swift shafts ball; Till they drink warm dew. Keen and low Do tbe grey shafts sing The Song of the Bow, Theaound of the string. This was the message of death, and this was the first sound-that had broken the stillness of his home. - At the welcome of this music which spoke-to his heart—this music he had heard so many a time—the Wanderer knew that there was war at hand. He knew that the wings of his arrows should be swift to fly, and their beaks of bronze should be whetted to drink the blood of men. He put out his hand and took the bow, and tried the string, and it answered shrill as the song of the swallow. Then at length, when he heard thebowspring twang to his touch, the fountains of his sorrow were unsealed; tears came like soft rains on a frozen land, and the Wanderer wept. When he had his fill of weepmg, he rose, for hunger drove him—hunger 'that is of all things tne most shameless, being stronger far than sorrow, or love, or any other desire. The Wanderer found his way through the narrow door behind the dais, and stumbling now and again over fallen fragments of the home which he himself had built, he went to the inner, secret storehouse. Even he could scarcely find the door, for saplings^ of trees had grown up about it; yet he found it at last. Within the holy well the water was yet babbling and shining in the moonlight over the silver sands; and here, too, there was a store of mouldering grain, for the house had been abundantly rich when the great plague fell upon the people while he was far away. So be fouud food to satisfy his hunger, after a sort, and next he gathered together out of his treasure-chest the beautiful golden armour of unhappy Paris, son of Priam, the false love of fair Helen. These arms had-been taken at the sack of Troy, and had lain long in the Treasury of Menelaus in Sparta; but on a day he had given them to Odysseus, the dearest of all his guests. The Wanderer clad himself in this golden gear, and •took the sword called "Euryalus's Gift," a bronze blade with a silver hilt, and a sheath of ivory, which in a far-off land a stranger had given him. Already the love of life had come back to him, now that he had eaten and drunk, and had heard the Song of the Bow, the Slayer of Men. He lived yet, and hope lived in him though his house was desolate, and his wedded wife was dead, and there was none to give him tidings of his one child, Telemachus. Even so life beat strong in his heart, and his hands would keep his head if any sea-robbers had come to the city of Ithaca and made their home there, like seahawks in the forsaken nest of an eagle of the sea. So he clad himself in his armour, and chose out two spears from a stand of lances and cleaned them, and girt about his shoulders a quiver full of shafts, and took in his hand his great bow, the Bow of Eurytus, which no other man could bend. Then he went forth from the ruined house into the moonlight, went forth for the last time, for never again did the high roof echo to the footstep of its lord. Long nas the grass grown over it, and the sea-wind wailed J CHAPTER II. THE VISION OF THE WORLD'S DESIRE. . The fragrant night was clear and still, the silence scarce broken by the lapping of the waves, as the Wanderer went down from his fallen home to the city on the sea, walking warily, and watching for any light froin the houses of the people. But they were all as dark as his own, many of them roofless and ruined, for, after the plague, an earthquake had smitten the city. There were gaping chasms in the road here and there, and through rifts in the walls of the houses the moon shone strangely, making ragged shadows. At last the Wanderer reached the Temple of Athene, the Goddess of War; but the roof had fallen in and the pillars were overset, and the scent of wild thyme growing in the broken pavement rose where he walked. Yet as he stood by the door of the fane, where he had burned so many a sacrifice, at length he spied a light blazing from the windows of a great Chapel by the sea. It was the Temple of Aphrodite, the Queen of Love, and from the open door the sweet savour of incense and the golden blaze rushed forth till they were lost in the silver of the moonshine and in the salt smell of the sea. Thither the Wanderer went slowly, for his limbs were swaying with weariness, aud he was half in a dream. Vet he hid himself cunningly in the shadow of a long avenue of myrtles, for lie guessed that sea robbers were keeping revel in the forsaken shrine. But he heard 110 sound of singing and no tread of dancing feet within the fane of the Goddess of Love; the >acred plot of the goddess and her Chapels were silent, till at last he took courage, drew near to the doors, and entered the holy place. But in the tall, bronze braziers there were no faggots burning, nor were their torches lighted 111 the hands of the golden men and maids, the images that stand within the faue of Aphrodite. Yet, if he did not dream, nor take moonlight for fire, the temple w.as bathed in showers of gold by a splendour of flame. None might see its centre nor its fountain; it sprang neither from the altar nor the statue of the goddess, but was everywhere imminent, a glory not of this world, a fire untended and unlit. Aud the painted walls with the stories of the loves of men and gods, and the cavern pillars and the beams, and the roof of green, were bright with flaming fire! At this the Wanderer was afraid, knowing that an Immortal was at band; forthe comings and the goings of the gods were attended, as he had seen, by this wonderful light of unearthly tire. So he bowed his head, and bid his face as lie sat by the altar in the holiest of the holyshrine, and with his right hand he grasped the horns of the altar. As he sat there, perchance he woke, and perchance he slept. However it was, it seemed to him that soon there came a murmuring and a whisjjering of the myrtle leaves and laurels, and a sound in the tops of the pines, and then his face was fanned by a breath more cold than the wind that wakes the dawn. At the touch of this breath the Wanderer shuddered, and the hair on his flesh stood up, so cold was the strange wind. There was silence, and he heard a voice, and he knew that it was the voice of no mortal, but of a goddess. For the speech of goddesses was not strange in his ears; he knew the clarion cry of Athene, the Queen of Wisdom and of War; and the winning words of Circe, the daughter of the Sun, and the sweet song of Calypso's voice as she wove with her golden shuttle at the loom. But now the words came, sweeter than tbe moaning of doves, more soft than sleep. So came the golden voice, .whether he woke or whether he dreamed. "Odysseus, thou knowest me not, nor am I thy lady, nor hast thou ever been my servant t Where is she, the Queen of the Air, Athene, and why coinest thou here as a suppliant at the knee6 of- the daughter of Dione?" He answered nothing, but he bowed his head in deeper sorrow. The voice spake again. " Behold thy house is desolate; thy hearth is cold. The wild hare breeds by thy hearthstone, and the night-bird-roosts beneath thy roof-tree. Thou hast neither child nor wife nor native land, and she hath forsaken thee—thy Lady Athene. Many a time didst thou sacrifice to her the thighs "of kine and sheep, but didst thou ever give so much as a pair of doves to true? Hath she left thee, as the Dawn forsook Tithonus, because there are now threads of silver in the darkness of thy hair? Is the wise goddess fickle as a nymph of the woodland or the wells? Doth she love a man only for the bloOm of his youth? Nay, I know not; but this I know, that on thee, Odysseus, old age will soon be hastening—old age that is pitiless, and ruinous, and weary, and weak—age that cometh on all men, and that is hateful to the gods. Therefore, Odysseus, ere yet it be too late, I would bow even thee to my will, and hold thee for my thrall. For I am she who conquers all things living—gods and beasts and men. And hast thou thought that thou only shalt escape Aphrodite ? Thou that hast never loved as I would have men love; thou that hast never obeyed me for an hour, nor ever known the joy and the sorrow that are mine to give? For thou didst but endure the caresses of Circe, the Daughter of the Sun, and thou wert weary in the arms of Calypso, and the Sea King's" daughter came never to her longing. As for her who is dead, thy dear wife Penelope, thou, didst love her with a loyal - heart, but never with a heart of fire. Nay, she was but thy companion, thy house-wife, and the mother of thy. clrild. She was mingled with all thy memories of the land thou lovest, and so thou gavest her a little love. But she is dead ; and thy child, too, is no more; and thy very country- is as the ashes of a forsaken hearth where once was a camp of men. What have all thy wars and wanderings won for thee, all thy labours, and all the adventures thou hagt achieved? For what didst thou seek among the living and the dead ? Thou soughtest th^t which all men seek—thou soughtest The World's Desire. They find it not, nor hast thou found it, Odysseus; !and thy friends are dead; thy land is dead ; nothing lives but Hope. But the, life that lies before thee is new, without the rein-: nant of the old days, except for the bitterness • of longing and remembrance. Out of this nefr j life, and the unborn hours, wilt thou not giv^; what never before thou gavest, one hour to me; to be my servant ?" . . . • i-: The. voice, as it seemed, grew 'softer ar^ came nearer,- till the Wanderer heard it whisper in his very ear,. and with -the voice came 31 divine fragrance. The bteath of her who'spoke seemed to touch his neck; the imjnortal tressee of the goddess .were^miijrfed with the dank cwrls of nis hair.' ~ 'j ' ' ' • \ * - " . . r. iThelvoice spalfe again ; * ' 1 - . : , : " Nayj-*Oay6sens,^idgt thOu'nOt'onee giv&m;^ one little'hour ? Fear not,' for thou shalt not see me at this tune, but lift thy head and Jook -on The World's Desire !" Then the Wanderer lifted his head,aod.hh saw as it were in a picture or in a mirror <£ bronze the vision of a girL ' She was more than mortal tall, and though still in the first flowey df youtb, and almost a child in years, she seemed fair as a goddess, and BO beautiful that Aphrodite herself may.perchance have envied this loveliness. She was dim and gracious a& k young shoot of a palm tree, and her eyes were fearless and innocent as a child's. On her head she bore a shining urn of bronze, as if she were bringing water from the wells, and behind Het was the foliage of a planetree. Then the Wanderer knew her, and saw her once again as he had s&nfrer;, when in his boyhood he had journeyed to die' Court of her father, .King Tyndareus. -For. as he-entered Sparta, ana came down the hill Taygetu^ and as his chatiob wheels flashed through the'f6rd of Eurotas, he had met her there on her way from the river. There, in his youth, his eyes had gazed on the loveliness of Helen, and his heart had been filled with the desire of the fairest of women, and like all the Princes of Achaia he had sought her hand in marriage. But Helen wa§ given to another man, to Menelaus, Atreus's son, of an evil house, that the knees of many men might be loosened in death, and that there might be a song in the ears of men in after time. As he beheld the vision of young Helen the Wanderer, too, grew young again. But as he gazed with the eyes, and loved with the first love of a boy, she melted like a mist, and out of the mist came another vision. He saw himself, disguised as a beggar, beaten and bruised, yet seated in a long hall bright with gold, while a woman bathed his feet and anointed his head with oil. And the face of the woman was the face of the maiden, and, even more beautiful, but sad with grief and with an ancient shame. Then he: remembered how once he had stolen into Troy town from tbe camp of the Achseans, and how he had crept "in a beggar's rags within the house of Priam to spy upon the Trojans, and how Helen, the fairest of women, had bathed him, and anointed him with oil, and suffered him to go in peace, all for the memory of the love that was between them of old. As he gazed, that picture faded and melted in -the mist, and again he bowed his head, and kneeled by the golden altar of the goddess, crying:— "Where beneath the sunlight dwells the golden Helen?" For now he had only one desire—to look on Helen again before he died. Then the _ voice of the goddess seemed to whisper in his ear: " Did I not say truth, Odysseus ? Wast not thou my servant for one hour, and did not Love save thee in the city of the Trojans on that night when even Wisdom was of no avail?" He answered, " Yea, O Queen !" "Behold, then," said the voice, "I would again have mercy and be kind to thee, for if I aid thee not thou hast no more lift left amongmen. Home, and kindred, and native land thou hast none; and, but for me, thou must devour thine own heart and be lonely till thou diest. Therefore I breathe into thy heart a sweet forgetfulness of every sorrow, and I breathe love into thee for her who was thy first love in the beginning of thy days. "For Helen is hving yet upon the earth And I will send thee on the quest of Helen, and thou shalt again take joy in war and wandering. Thou shalt find her in a strange land, among a strange people, in a strife of gods and men; and the wisest and bravest of men shall lie in the arms of the fairest of women. But learn this, Odysseus ; thou must set thy heart on no other woman, but only on Helen. " And I give thee a sign to know her by in a land of magic, and among women that deal in sorceries. " On the breast of Helen a jewel shines, a gre star-stone, the gift I gave her on her wedding night when she teas bride to Menelaus. From that stone fall red drops like blood, and they dri on her vestment, and there vanish, and do not Stain it. " By the Star of Love shalt thou know her; by the star shalt thou swear to her; and if thou knowest not the portent of the Bleeding Star, or if thou breakest that oath, never in this life, Odysseus, shalt thou win the golden Helen! And thine own death shall come from the water—the swiftest death—that the saying of the dead prophet may be fulfilled. Yet first shalt thou lie in the arms of the golden Helen." The Wanderer answered :— " Queen, how may this be, for I am alone on a sea-girt isle, and I have 110 ship and 110 companions to speed me over the great gulf of the sea Then the voice answered :—_ " Fear not I the gods can bring to pass even greater things than these. Go from my house, and lie down tc sleep in my holy ground, within the noise of the wash of the waves. There sleep and take thy rest I Thy strength shall come back to thee, and before thesettingof the new sun thou shalt be sailing on the path to The World's Desire. But first drink from-the chalice on my altar. Fare thee well 1" The voice died into silence, like the dying of music. The Wanderer awoke and lifted his head, but the light had faded, and the temple was grey in the first waking of the dawn. Yet there, on the altar where no cup had been, stood a deep chalice of gold, full of red wine to the brim. This the Wanderer lifted and drained—a draught of Nepenthe, the magic cup that puts trouble out of mind. As he drank a wave of sweet hope went over his heart, and buried far below it the sorrow of remembrance, and the trouble of the past, and the longing desire for loves that were no more. With a light step he went forth like a younger man, taking the two spears in his hand, and the bow upon his back, and he lay down beneath a great rock that looked toward the deep and there he slept. The Manager of a " Temple of the Muses" at Mokemoleff found himself in an awkward predicament. The public had hissed his prima donna off the stage, whom he had engaged with great expectations, and still greater expense. On the verge of ruin, a happy thought came to his relief. He advertised on a gigantic scale that he had discovered a negress who ]K)ssessed a most remarkable voice, in fact, a veritable black Patti. The house was crowded from floor to ceiling, and on the very spot where rotten apples and other missiles had strewn the ground, the Manager reajjed a harvest of applause and hard cash for the luoky inspiration which prompted him to have the i unpopular artist painted black. 