REVIEW. FROM LIFE. JThis prettily got up volume, issued by Cteorge Robertson and Co., consists of recollections and jottings from life, Bomo of which have appeared in the columns of the Australasian. The author (Mr. Wybert Reeve), an excellent portrait of whom forms the frontispiece, explains that, in compliance with a generally expressed desire, he lias decided to gather up these fugitive sketches and put them in more substantial form. In doing so we think he has been well-ad vised. Mr. Reeve has a facile pen nnd knows how to set down attractively what ever he ha9 to tell. And he has much to tell within the pages of a volume which most ' readers will think far too short that is of an interesting character. In the course of the extensive stage career, which has made his name widely known, Mr. Reeve came in con tact with many very celebrated persons and had experiences well worth recording. The more fanciful sketches and essays, if they may he so called, are excellent reading, but It is for his personal reminisceuces that Mr. Reeve's little book will be most eagerly read. He knew Mrs. Barnetb Jullieii, Charles Matthews, Wilkic Collins Charles Reade and many other notable per! sona. Here is a striking picture of a juvenile experience at one of Jullien's concerts, at a time when the Earl of Cardigan was for the hour unpopular, owing to some episode in connection with a duel : — Just at this moment a battle royal com menced, which rings in my ears as I write — shouting, hooting, cat-calls, the most infernal din. Oranges, biscuits, even bottles, all sorts of tilings were hurled over our heads at a fine, floddierly-looking man, sitting in the front row of the circle. Two ladies were with him. Ho stood up and faced the raging multitude, and the women, tremb ling, tried to shelter themselves behind him. No wonder he could afterwards dare a Balaclava charge. Jullien tried to calm the storm, but it was too much for him. He screamed and gesticulated, first at the crowd, then to the object of tlieir wrath, to leave the theatre. He tried to start the music again, but half the orchestra and the singers had made a hasty retreat. The pelting began again and the orchestra was emptyt and Jullien, finding himself alone, ran on as fast as his legs could . carry him. The lights were then turned down and the police came in to clear the building. I was a very little fellow, but the relation who was with me contrived to shelter ine from harm and mouuted me on his shoulder to avoid the crush. The lust object I saw in the dim light was Lord Cardigan, with his arms folded, looking on the crowd witii supreme contempt. Of Mrs. Burnett, with whom Mr. Reeve spent some years of his novitiate and of whom he has the kindliest memories, and her management, some delicious anecdotes are related. She was lessee at one time of the little theatre at Ryde, in the Isle of Wight, where the business to be done seems to have been of a very intermittent character. "People were in the habit of strolling in late," says Mr. Reeve, " and I remember on one occasion playing the whole of the first two acts of ' The Stranger to the boy who sold apples and oranges, sitting in the middle of the pit. On another occasion, on one of the oil-nights, some half-dozen peorffe were in the" pit, and had put their umbrellas up to keep oft the rain that was pouring in from the roof— it way a very severe thunderstorm. When not acting Mrs. Barnett was playing curds with friends who were always dropping into her little house attached to the theatre. One of the company rpn down to her in great excite ment. at seeing the umbrellas up and said, Mrs. Barnett, the rain's coming in dread- fully on the heads of the audience.' ' Well, my dear,' replied Mrs. Barnett, not looking up from her cards, M'm glad there is some thing coining in. Trump : my dear, that's my trick,' nnd on she went playing. And, again, Mrs. Barnett had a marvellous way of casting pieces. Nothing came amiss ft) her; iter ingenuity in the doubling or trebling of parts was a surprise. It took a new member of the company some time to get over. I give an instance: A star, Mr. Henry Betty, one of the young Roscius,' came to play a week, and amongst other pieces ' Macbeth 5 was put up. I found myself cast for Ross' Banquo and the first murderer, which neces sitated mv murdering myself and reporting to Macbeth I had done so. 1 knew in all probability I should murder Shakespeare without any trouble, but I could not see my way to the other arrangement. It was, how ever, soon got over by Mrs. Barnett. 'My dear, nothing could be nicer.' Macduff and Malcolm mixed up Ross's lines in the first two acts and I was all right as Banqiio up to the front scene; when I appeared in a cloak, slouch hat and heard, as the murderer and undertook my own murder. Then in' the murder scene I crossed as Banquo with Flennce, threw cloak and hat on, bobbed round the wing, ami entered as First Murderer, followed myself off and committed the sanguinary act, entered at the banquet scene, reported. I had done the deed, oil' with cloak, some chalk on face and a huge rod gash across my throat, and I was Banquo's ghost. I afterwards came to life as Ross." With recitals of such incidents and experi ences the book abounds. But, us wc have said, the chief charm of the sketches will ho found in glimpses of the real lives of some of the celebrated per sonages with whom Mr. Reeve was intimately acquainted or had business re lations. He has a good deal to say about Charles Matthews, almost all of which shows that the kindliness and vivacity generally attributed to the great comedian were not overstated. There is a most interesting sketch embodying personal recollections of Wilkie Collins and Charles Reade. Of the latter he tells us that his great ambition was to be a theatrical manager and that he was never so well pleased as when overlooking rehearsals of his plays. " He was a great stickler for reality. On producing a play at the Princess's, the nrst act of which was a farmyard scene, he insisted on having a real stoue wall built —the stone.: all a certain size. It was an immense amount of trouble, and did not look half so effective as a painted one. Amongst -other things, he iusisted on having a live pig on the stage. The property-master raising some objection, Readc lost his temper, drove to the market and bought one. He was bringing it back in triumph to the stage-door when, arriving there, an officious super, seeing who it was, quickly opened the door of the cab, which Reade was unprepared for. Out jumped the pig, and away it scampered down the street, Reado after it, calling out 'stop iny pig,' to the amusement aiul sur prise of all the young ruffianism of the neigh borhood." With \\\ illuo Collins, Mr-. Reeve who 'may be said to have created the stage part of Count Fosoo, was 011 terms of close intimacy. He describes Collins as a diffident and perplexed supervisor of dramatic repro. mentations of his works, in contradiction to the decisive and dominant Reade. He was marvellously quiet, patient and gentlemanly — qualities not by any means always found in distinguished authors. Speaking of the pro duction of "The Woman in White," Mr. Reeve says, "It was a great success. At the end of the third act there was a loud call for the author, and Collins, after a good deal of trouble was induced to appear before the curtain and respond to it. He was suffering a good deal from nervous anxiety. To my surprise the two ladies (the actresses who had appeared as Marion Hal- combe and Lady Clyde respectively) were waiting for him at the wing, each anxious to be taken 011 and to allow the other 110 ad vantage. He was in no doubt ; although the call was his he marched thorn both before the curtain." To those who have marvelled at the intricate perfection of plot with which Mr. Collins delighted so many thousands of novel-readers, the following will be some thing of a revelation. Speaking to Mr- Reeve, he said : "I know of very few instances in which fiction exceeds the probability of reality. With regard to my novels. I'll tell you where I got many of my plots from. I was in Paris wandering about the streets and amusing myself looking into the .shops, I came to an old book place— half shop aiYd hulf store, and I found some dilapidated volumes, the records of French e/Tjne— a sort of 1« rencli Newgate calendar. I/thought here is a prize. Soil turned out to be. In them I found some of my best plots, 'The Woman in White' was one, Ulne plot of tlmt 1ms been called outragtous— the substi tution and burial of the tfmd girl for Lady Glydc, and the incareeiAtion 01 Lady Clyde as the mad girl. It was true, and it was from the trial of the -vidian of the plot— the Count I'osco of the no ve! — I got my story." j From the extracts we have given it will be seen that Mr. Reeves' book is full of varied ! interest, and we may safely prcdj.tt for it a wider circle of readers than most Australian books appeal to. 