IfloveUet. .' NOW lIU.Sri'UBLISUCD. Tie Verdict fas-? A STORY OF HORTH QUEENSLAND. : 1U Uaroltl M. Mackenzie, ' Author of Tuc Fquatttr't J).iu<jhUr." CHAPTER Iir.— (Continued.) The proposition quito mot with tho op proval uf Roycroft, wiio was now muro tltau anxiom to learn what this rambling of tho provinui evening referred to ; not alone to s itisfy his own curiosity bo much near from ovuii a own lips tho true state of affairs, which, to say tho leaat of it, were mysterious. t 44 Right, old boy ; I'm with you nt six o'clock, and should I uomo across Single ton, which I am pretty certain to do, will gut him to cmno, too." 44 Thanks, Roy," which was Sybil's short namo for tho storekeeper ; " I'll dupond upon you. In tiio uicmitimo which, with a significant liodi might liavo meant 44 don't oay too much," ho rodo off to eupcriotond tho ploughing, far out on tho estate. Later on, with a ringing crack from his otock-ivhip as ho rounded up oomo fat beasts for . tho killing' yard, oppcarod Singleton, clad in smart top-Louts ami brooches, hi3 bluo-niul- whilo siiir: open at tho throat to catch tho.brooze, and n largo cabbago-trep hat placed jauntily' on ono 6iduof Tub head. ; 4lTlmtVa vory strango business which had to do with PxcBcott last night, if . tliore's-any truth in what tho boas-was Baying. Blow mo »f I could get to sleep f.ir hours thinking ; of .IhoVo words of his.'. And thonniosH, iilio says to ju >, 4 Jim, what's up with you ? Why, you're turning and- twisting -liko an otttnpus/."., Singleton had dismounted, and' was ; : Standing talking. to Royoroft, with tho bridle slung over his arm, . 44 You mustn't pay attcntioii to tho rarings of a drunken man," said tiio Btoro- : koopor, . "Deuced queer ravings, too. and not ». tho sort I'd liko to hear about any : friend o' inino, any linw," anpwprpd Singleton. ; -f. ".A: Proscott wants you to rido to Thorn ; ton with us this ovening. Aro you >»,?" /'Anything up with him. ?'r . queried fiiilglotou, : / , ....'iNo, not that I'm aware, of ; only lio's .- asked particularly forua both tb go. Ho : - flays bo wants to bnvo n qiiiob talk about . what wo hoard last night." .; i. : " Si.ln I . 1b that the way tho wind blows?" said. Singleton, looking vacantly ./beforo him, 44 1 had a notion wo'd hoar -v > more about this. Vory well, I'll bo. \- thoro."' 'Tho loud notes of tho boll, denoting that work was ovor for tho day; bad rung out on tho calm air of evening.- By ' .troops arid troops \Vero.sauntorlng homo- wardo tho chattoring, gaudily -bedecked Kanakas with lioo or ki'ito slung across ; - . their Bhouldoro— all worry,. laughing and' v. ; 'roady for tho ovening qiuuh '"'///'./Tho stuwa wore steaming, in tho groat ' copper bra/iors in front of their low- tliatchod housos, wlulofc ovorhead' grow v. massive bunches of gratoful plantains.. .' "A girl, beautifully moulded iu form, ' lior thick, black trwsos adorned/ with ' filiowy boade; would issue from a liut and . !v take hor Beat;bonoatlrtlio shade, smiling,; . ,'r'- whilst hor teeth shone liko pearls in the . avemug light. „ / Am H.rt aim on nb- hirn n. f'oldon ball DO- " ' bind tho pqrplo hills, throwing eastwards a. glorious huo, pyorylhing in this land or coTbr ; was mtcniUiad tho moro. lho ;i rivor -appeared, liko a stream of molten i'- . gold, tracing ila sluggish courso botwocn «.1oop- friogc<J banks whoro grew tho stag . ' Lorn lorn,- tho shady" Loan or stalely . cedar,. .v. Dy-niid-byo would come drifting on Ub couroo and manned by achotterjng crow a du?)»ly.frijlglitod bavgo, boariug her cargo of- sugar -to tho port of Rockton, which stood. at- the river's mouth. As tho flat-keeled craft mado her way along l»y. aid'of polea thcro. would coiuo from across iho stjll water .merry chant from tho oailniH, who luid learned their song in some far-off island homo. J>/ lUio balmy, reposeful, awcet-euiollii'g ntr/y oveutide, nftcr tho heat of lho day, tyf .aiiu Y.T.um tiio iiookauf birds wing- »»L llioir way. ucross liill ami morass, to M,. 'i to tho droning hum of a million in- rUand hitur to watch tho darling Uw fhfcfenliining like purcat cryalala, »H puHconnd comfort . to tho o»se3. Jt wk Ucatth-rc3toriug aflor tho fovcrish Alnvork,. f-h roo redo down tho. bridlo-path tllWleil to tho rivar, now. scarcely moro . -iyCCp ?ll0u8h to reach tho horses v 3nnfc nonao of having at ur oE loiauro boforo fliom 11| it'SX' V1!!0'1 "'"i- tMvoIlcd— i£ roai1' //"oil, fur many a timo . tlioy « _ L. '"""cil from view by »i« Tci on ,Vi ' 8«>w Bbuiul- antly den, through thick ... moist J and thon again ->ifl5Uo«ottU..lhe sua-butnt plttliis. ' - Frequently would. they bo iloijndoring | bolly-dcep in tho midst . of noxious swanips, where grew tiio mournful pan- dahus palms, roaring thoir ragged hoads ; trees tliat sComed by their drooping, wcftthor-.boatcn crcals to havo known no thing but foul-water for nourishment ; nothing but- tho wild hurrio3no blasts which swept along, hot and burning to tiio toiioli. Hero they grow ; mournful,, de jected, specimens of nature, liko unto a man undermined and sodden with strong drink. Sucking .through, thoir roots nauseous water in which vcneirioiis rep tiles havo their habitat, -in which tho death-dealing nnako loves to linger under n warm iioun-tido sun. Whoro mostpu- toes, Hying in thick, black clouds, swarni in iinllions, and where tho cursed nmlnria stretches forth its far-reaching arms to olay mankind, . What D.into may havo imagined in picturing hell aro these inky-hucd, fovor- otrickon, . reptile- inhabited awamps of Queensland. .. After a rido of two hours or moro tho small township of Thornton loomed ahead, whilst tno Welcome lights gloamod bright- and clear from tho windows of innny a house. ; ' The small settlement of Thornton was liko many anbthor of its kind to bo found in tho Northern Colony.' A long, uninvRing-lookiiig stroot, linod on oithor side with woodon houses raised from tho earth on tnassivo piles, smeared all over with thick coats of tar to stay tho depredations of tho undermining whito ants. Thoro wcro tho usual stores which con tained cvoryfhing, from ploughshares to Bimui uiiiuiuiiUB , IIIOI0 ncroonurcncs os two denominations, and quito a cluster of public-houses, which wcro stocked with enough nlcoholio liquor to meet twico or thrico tho requirements of tho district. Now and again the residents would bo thrown into a ststo of intenso oxcitouiont over a forthcoming raco meeting, perhaps tho most attraclivo ovent in all Australian bush townships. For tho most port, Jiowovor, lifo in Thornton was vory lrh(c. f4Tho Crown and Anchor or Royal, which is it to . bo ?" exclaimed Sybil, as they rodo over tho brldgo into tbo town. 44 Royal's good enough ; their whisky won't kill at moro than forty yards/' said llojcroft. Tho Royal was agrcod upon, and a minute or two later (hoy had tethered their horses to tho posts outside, Tho soroowhat ambitious titloof Royal Hotel iu this ipuahroom town struck an observer at first sight as being highly grotesque. For tho most part it merely consisted of rough hown tirabor uaikd togotber, Idling m hero and thcro wind and rain, which in a moro tumporato climato would havo been almost insuffer able. The manager of this wooden tcncmont looked as if most of his days had boon passed in suffering torturing recoveries from unlimited sprees. Ho was oxtrcmely careless and unmindful of all that went on in his house, and midnight brawls, when drunken men occasionally drew knives to. enforce argument, wcro of too frcquont occ'urrdncc - -Moro. than, -onaf tho presiding magistrates of tho 'district had tinentenod to tnko Ids Hconao away, but when it cmno to tiio. point thcro was generally somo provniling counsel whioh won them over, ollowiug Timothy Brain-, well to flaunt his sigr- once moro as a retailor of fermented and spirituous liquors. - - 44 Well, :wo'ro horo to- night on buai- ncss more than anything cIbo," said Sybil, onsconscing himself iu oh arm chair, "but first of all 'lot us havo a drink. What's yours? And youra?" asking his two companionu. - : Soon the /.required stimulants wcro brought', and iho thrco boing nlono in a room whiolr. Sybil hod aocurcd, thoy could speak unrcaorvcdly of cvorytliing tlioy wished, without fear of prying oars.. By Sybil's manner, wliioli proviuualy had been one of unrest sinco tho threat held out by Mnurico Liscoinbo, it could bo seon tliat now ho viewed the situation moro calmly. . When a load io on the mind and wo aro onabled lo relievo ourselves of oven a portion of it, by recounting our trouble to a sympathetic, and trustful car liavo wo not dono much to rostoring poaco and comfort to .oursolvcs V So it was with Sybil. In theso two ho had firm and fast frionds. : 44 Now, boys, to-night l am going to concoal nothing in' connection with this affair. To acquaint you with ovory de tail, 1 must go book to fho . timo of my leaving Engmnd for this part of the world. . .As I think I liavo mentioned to you before, Maurico Liscorabo. was' ;.o saloon; passenger in lho/samo ship wiili- mo on tho voyage. to Quoonslund. Tlmro was besides . ourselves only ono othor paoseiigor j. bis. namo whs Ocrald' Dug.; dale." At this - Singleton, who had booh listening, with attention, drow Ins chair closer inslinctivoly. ; / \ . ; V' -: ; 44 Tho ship was a crack clipper,' nnd' making n fust run to Morelon IJny. At' tho time of tho mcidout I nm . about to relate wo lind but throo wcka nhead of us before sighting laud.; Tho skipper of the. vesso) was lho most unprinciplc/i scoundrel that ovep trod tho deck of «, croft;"'-'- 'STImt'H ctramht/' chimed iu Roycroft. \ Tilings, lind goho pretty w oil up to, : this lioiut of tho vovAiro. . Duedalu was d inon about my own ago ; we' wore much aliko in tastes- and idoaa, and for this very rcaton.uover managed to get on. A strango thing, but. very often it io so. Nearly all day wo sat round a card tablo nt ao.mo gamo of lmzard in order to kill timo./; Tiio \numbor . of I.O.U's, that passed from ono to tho otlior, would liavo paporod a room. Ono day wo wbro soatod oo, when a qucotloti droso about tho oards not haying bcoh doalt properly. Durt- dale dt tho timo was.tho dealer, nnd, na"l had raised tho objcotioii, I could ooo by his cyos, which gleamed Jiko cbah when l,o was ofibudod, that hp> would not- willingly lot the matter drop. . Liucombo, of whom wo -havo- all. had porounal ox- pcrionce, now that thevo wa3 a prospect of a row occurring, delighted to hear us vvr.uiLdmgovcrthp affair, as likowlsodid U,U rn«<,.|>u.| r lui'UiiriCJl. M From words wo wcro nliuost coin ing Wows, tvlion I throw up my cards and refuRod any longer to continue tiio game. Dugdale, however, wno not so easily njipoaBcu, _ond ciudlcngcd mo to him. Al "rati doolintd, thinking that tko otorm would aoon bo oror. Not en, howovor. Maurico Liacorabo ar.d tho ekippor wcro both of ono opinion, and alrooat forcod mo into on nfnir that I wolibl ijbidly havo rclinqniahcd. i Tbo following morning boforo break, fast wo woro both on dock rcudy to octtlo tho niallor. II ow well do I roc.in t)iat uiuriiins n3 1110 old flnp, niidur full mil Waa bowling incrnty boforo t,r(,c;zo; At cchool 1 had loarnt tho nso of tho filovrtb J?d J" far Icat I njioyj conic off BctfOttd t.csl. JAcombo and Yan vroto fliaudtng looking on. " Wo had kept tho maltor silonb from 1 tho rest of tho skip so that wo four wcro thoro aluno. To uiako a long story short, after wo had been pounding away at each othor like atoam engines/I, with a woll aimed blow, got Dugdalo botweon the oyos. At that vory moment tho yessol lurched heavily, hnd, owing to his inability in savo Jiimsolf, roclc.a back wards against tho bulwarks and was ovor- board iu a trice. 4Wo otcod horrpr-ntrickon for lho moment, looking at ftis form boing swept astern, thonjoat to siglit in a second. /Tho skipper gavo orders to 44 'bout ship" at once, having boforo thrown fiovcrnl life- buoys in the direction whoro Bugdaio was supposed to have disap peared. You know, however, how long a timo it takes to bring a vessel's head up and get tho boats lowered. Wo did eventually, though, and mtido a diligent search, but nil to no purposo, and onco moro regained tho' ship and made sail for oar destination. r 44 Poor DugctaTo! ho was gono for ovor.? I felt at tho timo scarcely ablo to rcxtraiA myself from self-destruction, so troubled in mind was I at tho thoughts of his death, though that 1 was the wilful caubo of it no man on earth can accuso mo. 14 Strango to say, after this both tho skipper and Liscombo scernod better dis posed towards mo, and, as I had hoped, sympathised with mo in my troublo. Timo has einco proved othorwiso. Aa soon as tho . vossc) reached Brisbane I loft her with Maurico Liscombo and after a week's dolsy in that city wo camo hero. At that timo, and for tho first timo, Liscombo bccfltno aware that I was pos- esouu ui u certain sum oi money, wnicn, as you know, is invested in tho IUppoo Sugar Company. This was tho beginning of our trouble. Ho bossinco written to Yan Ilarlen, who will shortly arrivo in Queensland with his vessel, from infor mation obtained, and tho idea then is to Set up a case in connociion with Dog- alo'a tragic end, charging mo with mur dering him." At this point of tho narrative both Singleton and Roycroft simultaneously uttered tho word 44 Never 1'' and each stretching out a hand ho grasped them right and left. 44 Well, a fow words moro and I havo finished. Tho aUurnativo which I am offarcd by this lying scoundrel, Liscombo, is to hand him ovor tho aum of £7000, when no moro will bo hoard of it. Rut rather than do that I will let them do their worst and as regards bringing Uiio chargo against mo thoy may find it moro difficult than they fancy." After this protracted oration of Sybil's ho stretched out his legs and blow lung clouds of smokafrom his pipe. Singleton was tho first to break tho silenco which had fallen on tho trio after Sybil's story. "Novorfear, old man; Liscombo can do yon no harm. His threats aro merely, as yon infer, to extort money, nnd as far na I'm poncorncd, and Roycroft, too, we'll hco you woll out of tho scrape. KIi ? Roycroft, old mau, flint's your idea?" uoyoroft . having aityulosccd In tho matter,, auff then carefully having dia« closed tho naturo of Dugdalo's death from ovcry aspect, moro whisky was ordorod in, and health and success drank to Sybil, By ibis timo iho night was woll ad vanced. Tho moon was riding high in tho hoavons, casting its groy light across tho long lovol plains which led to Towns- villc. - From tho rivor camo tho hoarso croaking of a thousand reptiles which in fested its wotcrs. - Tho pandonua palms looked oven moro weird. and dojectcd in .the white moonrays. Tho horses, as thoy gallopod home- wnrda, would ovor and anon elarfc and quiver at somo object, whioh, familiar enough by day, looked unreal and ghost- liko in lho flitting moon-beams. ' . Tho riders were oxcited . and in that dovil-me-caro humor .when thoy wcro ready for anything which so often rony como to n man iriien lio has allowed Ills braiii to bo infiuanccd by inforior liquor. Oh tlioy dashed, leaping log and rivulet, whilst tho jungle through wliioli they passed oftentimes brushed their knees ;so closo did thoy rido to (ho giant trunks all orcrgrown with tJjP1 thick .'and many- colored crocpers. f ' It was long past midnight when Rnp- poowna renclied, and thoy Bought thoir' beds, to snatch but a' fow hours' sleep beforo tho waking boll would sound its warning. CHAPTER IV. \ ; TUB riLOl'8' DAUOIITEB. Sybil was in lovo. ' AVliat youug man lias not been 'oro ho has reaouod tho ago of twonty- fivo? Ho that hna nut has lived hut in hamo nlono; lias nover known Uiu swoofe. caress of imuds more dear to liiui tlinn life itself ; lias'ncvor sat en- thrnlled by/wood or stronin. to g.izo and pure, nnd think, uud dream of aniinngo donr. '' ""-.v Ah ! who would. forget thoso days of swoot entcAiicement ? i Thnso days when eyory 60080 enchained as it weroby bands of rosus, so swooi, so dolicatu, and'yot' m strong, hold him hrni an iron or stcol Sybil was no moro proof ognhistltheao tiny darls whiuh Btruok him diup, time tho rest of.lljs prdep, ' , U'o had pronuacd and bcenacccptud, and-wao proud in. tj,0 thouuht that Bomo dav Chrisiinft : hind would bo liis wifo. On etioh Sunday, wjicnevorvlt ' woro posaiblo to do. so,, Sybil, with two. grin-' ning, jovial-hcnrtcd: Kannhaa, who loved their master woll, would /pull down tho long, winding, gliutoning nvor to Rock- ton. Tho journey, thilhor. might oc« casiontilly bo varied by tho exoitomont of shuoting an alligator. To approach olooo enough in order to ensure that tho rifio bullet would pcnelrato (hat ono vulner able spot— tho oyo— in . theoo. case- hardened saurinns wna often a difficult matter. . Sybil' had moro than onco been lucky pnoiigh to catch ono nopning when with well-directed aim his bullet had- pierced' tho bond and stretched tho rcptilo lifo- Tlion with wlmt gloo hod tho chattering isianncrs Kiwuuib »;u»nw i» «i»>n uuu uujio it stuflod, and bp erected as p tfopljy of Master" Sybil's prowess. . Tho possession of firo-arme with lho Islandora ia a ppssion. Thoir throe yearn of oxilo from thoir coral roofs and groves of cocoa palms aro all worth tho timo snout, when, proud as any child with its now toy, thoy aro enabled to . return to their island homos with firo-arms. Yes, truly a patient, dooilo, easily-satisfied raco aro these Polynesians, whun, nftor yeara of toil In tho liotcano-iiuldn, unused to tho laborious work imposed upon them, they can rejoice at tho thoughts oj sponding ft low pounds on a gun with powder and shot. - Contiastinq tlicao grateful «on« ol Pacifio Isles nhli tko whte Vork alilo by «do with IhoIatVakhT, whit (JhTc/chCo u tlirc. Tho Malayi from golden Ohcraoneoo ; tho oflominato Ciugbalcso, who cringon beforo his nmalor and oteulo behind hie buck, and thu bland but wealth-loving Mougnlinn nro ono nua alt unlit to bo clnssod in tho oamo category with tho honest, hard-working Fblynu- sian. What can thoy know of tho. lovo of money boforo coining to a white man's country whoro all day long in thoir shady island homos thoy loll liko lotus-ontors, watching tho blue waves breaking on coral rcefa ? Ono day a oail appears, whiU as a sea-gull's wing on the blue horizon, each hour drawing nearer to the isle, till at longth within (lio treacherous roof which guards tho coast abo casts hor anchor and lies at peace aftorslorm- fosaod seas. It is tho trader's craft, crammed with preaontsfor tho island chiefs. Bonds, clothes, axes, knives aro in .her hold ready to bo bnrtcrod for his oubmirjuvo subjects. Tito deal ia umdo, and some times a hard ono, too, for tho savages aro loth to quit thoir peacoful homes to bo cnrricd 'Jiko sheep in an ill-found vcssbl to .work hard for tho Quco.nstnnd planter. Go thoy must when thoir chiof so ordains.' ' Men and womon, who, if perchanco might strivo In resisting, nro taken by foreo and mado to work. Tho ship has recruited, and sails a way, beating across tho trackless BCas till another Lio is reached. And thus from ono to another aho goes on her way till the stock of bonds, calico and cutlery aro exhausted. Hor decks nro crowded with human boings cribbed, cabined nnd confined until tho port is reached. They are weak, iiwcaana emncutoa-iooxing wnon thoy land from thus voyaging so far. Their lot afterwards becomes a thousandfold bolter. Tiio food is good on plantations, tho clothes protect their akin from rough work, thoy aro well housed and cared for, and often wish nover to return to the Pacific. Tho lovo of money seizes them, thoy no with tho march of tho ago, but thoy drink rum and smoke tobacco. In n word thoy become civilised (?h It was daybreak wlion 0/bil embarked for Rockton— that poriod of tho twenty- four hours when everything looks as If it had just had a hath. What is moro lovely than all this wealth of tropical foliage, tho despair of artists to pourtray on canvas, sparkling and glistening as if all tho gems of crcatiou had bccu cast from heaven to earth in ono vant shower? Ho Uy back in tbo stern sheets, watch ing tho sturdy Kanaka hoys bending to their oars. How muscular and graceful as thoy made tiio whalo-boat shoot liko an arrow from a bow. Tho boat wound on and on, at ono timo passing high-clad banks wlioro gleamed from nroidat tho abundant foliago the white, screeching cockatoo; or again would dart like tho colors in a rainbow across tho stream tho tiny kingfisher. ( From the impenetrable! forest camo tho chattering, tho piping and sharp ringing notes of all tho feathered tribo as the sun, rising frotn his canopy of ro3eato cloadt, grow hotter and hotter. When noontido camo it would bcconio unbearable. w.4iYfoll, Chris, had you long to wait? AmTwtotUiiujjual ?" said Sybil, ai ho topped from tho tifotr Christine, or Chris, an Sybil called her, was acauriomod to walk n distanco ofu milo or moro to a point on tho rivor whoro she could wait for liis coming. . 4ffNo, dear ; you oro gcnorally punctual, I think wo must lio. a very nmtfor-fif-facfc pair, - Sybil, : Wo never Ihavo to moke oxouscs .to ono . another about appointments being broken." 4,;.Vfc)f, nexc timo . I shall oo an hour Ihtoi .ifonly to havo tho ploasuro of boing scolded, 'which from my little Chris would bo very funny." ' 44 Ah perhaps we may not always talk liko this,/ . Whoii wo liavo been married, say five years, the acokling may .como in real ionrnoat." Sybil, as Ho walked bosldo tho lovoly facb'nnd woll-Bliapcd form of his. future wifo.could novor rcckon torcpor with her ohnrajjter. Christino was liko tho soa itsolf. : - Her blue oyes wero for- ovor dancing ; lior cheek b woro liko tho pink shells of 'tho shore, .and .hor wild, auburn hair was. tossed in gcldon flakc3 ooroas- hcr low tvliito forehead. A nioro lovoly child of tiio sha would havo boon liardto imagino. For child'. eho was, boing' scarcely, yet ninetcon.' '. : -44 Alii thorb's tho olif man giving his orders .to Frank, Any vessels expected tp-day.?!' 6did Sybil, ua they woro" ap- proachiiig tho pilot's houso. 44 Yes ; two aro duo. Tho. flags liavo been flying all -yesterday, but with this wind it will be hard to raako tho channol; thcro's a nasty sea on outsido." Christino know ovory tiling m connco- tion with hor fathor's profession,, and whon thobreczo shifted o. fow . points in any direction sho was as enun dwaro of it as tho old man himself.' Hor mother had diod, leaving theso two alono on oarth, whon Clirialino was not moro. than . 'six yon ra old. '. . 44 Woll, 'my son ; lookiiij? as fit 'ao" a fiddle. No need to inquiro aftor your bodily honlth," wad old Bcn.RowIand'o greeting as the two. lovcrs , camo qp tho stops to tho houso. . Rockton was n nmnll sea-port ''at tho mouth! of tho rivor, whoro thoso who lived did not do so from more chiioo. Tho .pilot's Iioubo. a Custom houi?, a. /flore, rovoral fisltonnen'tt cottages; u qunftcrs w ok? iho nipat promiuont edifices .in Rockton. .- it was fiUrounded on all sides by low niangrovo HWftmpn.uninvitipg nnddepros- atng looking, to tho .oyo. Between tho omall : pott/arid ,'ifortrcHK-llko rocks of. Grnzobroolc, ;waa.-o deep cliamiol, 'safe onougli when the wind oamp.aii.d wont in goutlo gustii, but trcaoliurntiB nnd meroi- . less to any craft that tried fo makotlyS port when tho blast bowled- liko a tfiou- eanafurioa. . Gmobrook was : a . majestic-looking sight at any timo, whoro great, gaunt, brown colored rocks roao alioor from but tho Bcn,;lflslicd at thoir bhso . with tho cmorald waves. . Moro; beautiful . and awful to look upon wero ho. frowning hcighto when tho galo waa opending ilo fury along thoir crests; when lho uca- uuuo iusij u in luaiu Willi t'AiQUuCU lVin«8' whop lho qccati liijrloil jtsolf o'lniimt thoir irim nitlcs, )il;o nil nngry spirit Hint roholo but uinUa iimvorlusa to ororoomo' n atrongur forco. v For iiiilos " upon miloa tiio tool!, of Grozobrouk toworod, oulminatini in a tlioUMind "almpca of fnntnitlo oymraotory. Same in chamctor vo. aombltd mighty cathedral apiroa, 'whilst othora woro liko lho pipoa of n giant organ. \\\ Cmzobroqk wno novor tho oamc. Tho aun would gildoadi jagged point no ovon- ing catno.nith n liglit like burniahed gold. In tho morning tluo iiamtiwnrk of Naturo otood out in bold relief with ouch diatinct and impiciaivo contour against tho cloud I liioa. aky, that, though milosaway, it but ! ydt appealed tliat a atoho might rokch i"'. . ' 44L'hfc.your pipe, Sybil, arid lei! tin the news. Tlioro'o always rumellung cluing in your part of tho world/' eaiu lion, handing him tobacco. 41 Tho latest tiling," said Sybil, 44may or may not oxcito your sympathy." 44 If anything to do with you, my boy, there's little need to mnko reply. But others concern mo linrdlyonouh to mnko mo wonder or oxcito my slow going, self." 44 Woll, Maurico Liscombo has sprainod mi anklo, and rcinaunrin bod. Tho doctor orders him not to movo." 44 ia thafc all ? Why, by your anxious look I thought at least the mill had boojn swallowed up by an earthquake. How camo tho man to inouc with this acci dent ?" 44 Drunk, ns usual/' roplied Sybil, 14 and fell from his horso. Ho was raving liko a lunatio a fow hours lator, more, howovor, I think, tho rosultof whisky than anything clan/' 44 Tut, tut/4 said Bon, "tho man will kill himself outright if ho takoa much moro. How does ho kocp tho position of iniinagcr nsit Is?" 44 Ah 1 that is n mystory to nil of ua ; but, you aeo, whon a man can do 09 ho likes and if anyono finds fault is told to mind his business that thcro's littlo hopo for a change at present. I'd givo something to 8cohimsaokcd,tho drunken, good-for-nothing sot." Tho pilot and Sybil wero alono to- gather on tho verandah, which looked out oast and west on the calm, lako-liko oca, Christino was busying hcraolf with house hold cares. Sunday at Itockton was to her as sacred as tho day should warrant. tor sno unow tnat nor ijvor would Dinner, however, must bo servod, witlicd the romanco of love, and this Christino would sco to. Her brown and woll-slmpcd hands would peel potatoes, would mako tho pastry, and do nil thoso things with novo ono word or look that bespoke tho trouble. Tho small kitchen was as natty and bright aa any Dutch interior. And somotimcs Sybil would como and watch his Chris, with busy arms rolling flour or standing stirring como toothsomo dish. Uo told everything to hor. All his thoughts, his desires, liis future prospects wcro known to her as well aa ho know thom himself. Sbeliad heard many a timo tho story ofDugdnla's death; sho know on what terms ho oxistcd with Maurico Llsconibc, and hated tho manngor of Rxnpoo with a fierce a paasmn ni sho loved her Sybil, 44 Is Van Harlen coming back alio inquired ns her lover took on opplo and sat on tho table eating it. 44 1 boliovo so, darling ; but don't bo anxious about him, I'm nut afraid bo'll do mo harm." 4,Oh! Syb, you don't know how worried I am sometimes whon I think of it all. How can they, how con thoy bo so wicked ? Wo don't want money, wo are young and strong; givo thom tho Doven thousand." " You littlo gooso, what aro you Bay ing ? Givo them tho £7000, indeed I I'll sco thom blowed first." 44 Woll, I'm wretohed nbout it all, Syb. Those wicked mon coming between us to destroy our happiness. Fancy oven if thoy could bring that awful chargo ng injfttyou I Darling Syb, it would bo so dreuclful." ' Christino stopped pooling apples and sat with her largo, Dh.w »\yes, tho color.of sapphires, gazing at hor botrot.2m4. ' 4 Novor foar, littlo. ono ; Sinjjlefcn, Roycroft and I have li'ad. a long talk ovor tho. matter, and,, though thero aro two against, ond in this caso, I think I know Bomo way of squelching thom." ' "'At dinner, tnat day never a happier trio sat .at/hiimblo board. Tho littlo room/furnished with all tho world-wido souvonira, which, lmd como to old Ben Rowland in his yoyagiug round tho globo. Photographs of vcssols that ho had sailed in; wonderful spears and clubs, pickod up on somosavngo.shorb, models of craft, son-birds, shells, and niarino collections of all .doscriptinns; / It .was ft room whoroin ono seemed to sniff tho ocean spray. Tho humo of tho old ma' and hia young daughter, lug lovely,1 bright-oyod, nuburn-Iiairod Chris, who could tako an onr orstecr a beat with any sailorrboy. And how thoy all loved her., .iOn tho uands, when she rati at times with whito, baro, twinkling foot, tho econt'of tho sea in hor looks, and her strong, brown arms loaded with- mussels,, tho, inon would wavo hor a fond greeting, Sho alono hated with rightoous causo tho two men sho had spoken of abovo. When tho dinner was ovor Sybil and Christino would wander in and .out tho smooth, woathor-beaten rooks, 44 Does it not always soom," sho .began,' aa thoy sat together with tho soa curling in boforo them, 44 that happy as ono's lot may bo, thoro is always some hidden cankor which sapB beneath ?" t "Truo, littlo moralisor. To bo cxompt from all worry on this earth is quito iin- posaiblo. Real happiness is unknown." - "ButI think, Syb, doar, if wo had a tiny cottago far, far away, whoro no. oho could como nonr us, wo should ljftvg nothing to trouble about." . 44 That may in all vowwoll in theory, Chris, but it would not do for over. \Yo must,, strive as wo may, assooiato in somo form cr .another with our follow oroaturos.- NVhat good either should wb bo oh aarth woro wo to :gn opd play tho ntirf. nf Imt-mltn ) Snraltt mn lidln fll.x.n tiuQ .waa not sont into thaL.wold to hide her light uhsoon.; Ik not right. You must at loast do , your duty. Perhaps somodny, wfaj-'knows, -Chris,' wo may bo living m London—a oity, that you have novor aeon." / :;/ ,4 No, S.yb ; I don't want anybody but yoiMi'nd i don't caro about scuing Lon- rijwyovy much. l'\o always hoard it is 'uludk and gloomy. I would lovo to soo Itiily, though. To wantlor through thoso dark and.dceayod old tewns whoro every thing is peacoful and quiot ; whoro tiio groy old churches with humblo, peas- auts knooling-in thoir dim roccs>.09, make or.o dream and think of all tho past tliat a country liko this knows nothing of." For iiottra theso two yoqng hearts would ramblo on until tho golden rays c»f Biiuaot shono uith n luricf glaro. Tiio iiaiiiiuaB, decked with boaus and (oworq —merry, I.tughiiig fellowu — would tlion bring Sybil's boat, which shot ahead undur thoir .sturdy, arms, onco msro on its way to Rappoo. CHAPTER V. ft WAtLADY BATTUE. . Saturday afternoons with Britishers, oven in the most romoto quartors of tho globo, oudh, for example, na Northorn Queensland, oro recognised Imlf-liol Idnys. At Rappoo when tho 44 knock off" bell rang nc ono o'clock on a Saturday thcro would bo a general stampede of ovor- ?cors, mill-liaudfl, and all those who woro ftblo to bo aparod, to givo thomsolvcs up in Vest and riscrcation. A Vest woll odrnbd after tho lohg and wearisome days passed in the cane-fields. Ah l Uiosp wIio Imvo. never worked in tho tropics hnvu but a faint idea of what the meaning of "audi work is.' ... ,!' Days, nt Limos when tho powerful; sun soouis to sap ovory ntom'of iitality from tho body. s - i ' Whon tho very bullocks ovon, sending up cloudsof dust along tho rough unoven roads, aro groaning undor tho lash of tho driver as they drag wearily behind them thuir stack load of fuel for tho fur nncoB. . Whito men must do tho work that tho unlutorod black Is Ignorant of, and for that reason U.oy must work as hard, if not harder. Wlion a field needs ploughing, tha samo must bo entrusted to a whito man ; whon tho steaming vats of ssceharino matter nro hiBing nnd foamiug in tho mill, an experienced eugar-boilor, who has been yeara nt tho business, must Bupcrviso. And tho mill is often worso than tho fields. The stoam, tho sickening odor of sncoharino juico, bailing, boiling al- vvnys, tho thumping ongines and smell of oil; tho cloudn of flics attracted thoro by drains stocked with Iho rcfuso molasses. How wan aniL paloarc thoy who stand all day. and half tho night at times, over tho scalding cJnrifiors. 44 Havo yon got my saddlo? Where are thoso girths ? Lend mo ycur bridio?" Theso wcro somo of tho questions bandied about from ono to anotlior as preparations for a hunt woro mado. 4iYcs, aho'a in fino fettle this aftor- noon," said Itoycroft, stroking his maro's legs ; "thcro's not n bettor bred young liny in tiio colomos, is there, littlo woman ?" With this culogium on his equiuo pur chase ho slapped her on tho quartor, which omowhnt annoyed 44 Kit." 44 Now, tlion, aro you ready? Como along ; don't bo all day," ho shouted to Singfoton, whoso coltago was but a fow pacts from tho barracks. 44 Oht what aro you growling at? There's heaps of timo. You'ro ono of thorfo coves that's always iu a hurry ; no fear of your boing left bohind at tho Resurrection." This was all lho satisfaction Roycroft obtained. 44 Now, then, impatience; what nro you up to? Why, you'ro as bad as Roy himself/ said Singleton, cmorging from tho hnuso and observing his horso pulling at/ho briillu. 6 e b Tho two wcro arrayed in boots nnd breeches, with long ppurs on. Thin, cashmere slnrtn, with gay-colored silk ties nroiind thoir throatn and largo, wide- brimmed straw hats, completed their costumes. In thoir hands each had a gun, nnd in their belts wcro long sheath knives. 44 1 wonder now if Proscotl's roady. Tho beaten havo had plenty of timo to firo tho ground, nnd if wo don't look out all tho watlnbits will bo gono." Tho usunl method adopted whon n wallaby daughter tnkra placo is to send on nu ormy of bentora ahead— gonoraljy Queensland aborigines— who set firo to tho undorgrowth, keeping on tho out skirts of the juoglo, yelling and gosticu- Inting like demon. This liao tho offect of driving tho wallabies in uno direction, nnd whou thoy omorgo front thoir nin- bush tho guns aro ready to bowl thom ovor. 44Wyll, boys, J'vo boon waiting for you this half hour," said Sybil, greeting his companions as .tlioy rodo towards him. v44 Now, thon, Pieacotfc ; please, ( don't. yo.'suw rou a minuto ago saddling up, so thiifc won't: wash." : ; . 4 4 , Tho Itio alartod in il>. boat of spirits. "".' Tho day was nt its hottest, and ovory- whero as tlmy rodo beside' tho donso, im- fienotrnblo junglp were signs of animal ifo. Aoroas their track at times would wrigclo and hiss, 'with angry oyos, a deadly snako, at which tho horsas snorted and pricked 1 thoir ears. Lizards, groon and' goldcn-hqed, ran in and out tho thickly-covorod logs, whilst tho sorcnadiugi of .oropkiug frogs . and chirping birds was doafoning in its naiflo. All and ovorything that had powor of doing homago 'to tho scorching heat scorned to bo trying, to'outvio its noigh- hor.- : ' 44 TheroVenough firo. thoro to roast nil tho .wallabies in Queensland," romarkod: Sybil, as boforo thom. wreathed heaven wards demo volumes of smoke. 44 Ah ( I can soo wo'ro going to havo a Waterloo day to-day," said Roycroft, as throo or four of tho mammalia darlod away ahoad of thom. .; 4,Wo'vo got on tho right traok this tiino." ;, Roycroft was passiofiatoly fond of any kind of sport, riding or walking milos if; thoro was any chanco of gamo forthcom ing. Ho was a good shot, too/and gene rally manngod to kill outright, instoad of as many do, wounding tho objoot, which, maimed and blooding, drags its body homo to dio in agony, / . Tho horaomen had arrived at. tho open, country, whioh stretohed away for-milos beyond tho jungln. Tlioyhad all dis mounted, waiting with guns roady for tho onslaught. . Tho din and shouting mado by ' tho beatoro .grow louder and louder as thoy approached ; tho sportsmen, whilst over head the air was' thiok with massive , wroaths of curling smoke." it v. i ... I iu i I.: i v. i nt . Jilt l, .jf» ,/ ..mi I . ill .1. UH.jrni . camo the shouts of tho blnoka, accom- pnriicd with a thwacking of sticks, mak ing such a pandomonium as might- hove been supposed to issue froin tho infernal rogionB. Tho firo was .travelling fast, and would soon forco tho animals from their retreat. ; ' 44 Horo wo aro 1 Thoro's one to you, Singloton I" shouted Sybil, as a fino spooimon of tho tribo darted out. . ' v Away ho wont, bounding along until ho camo within rango of Siugioton's rifle. Dang ! Bang ! and tho onco flying buck rolled over, lifoless. 44 Luuk out! Look out I" yollod Ray- croft, as a pair camo along nt top; spaed closo to Sybil. Right and loft harrols wore disoharged at. tlioir retreating forma, but all to no nurnoso. 4 Ourso my luck ! what y up with ineP" said Sybil, nunoyed at having missed. No sooner had ho uttered tho words than out darted thrco or four in a buncli undor his noao. Thoy wero away liko lightning. Ifo liad loaded rapidly, and took aim. Tho wallabies, howovor, scorned porfe'etly safo, judging by tho distance, lio lot fly with both barrels, and, wlion' tho smoke hud cleared away, much to his surprise and thoso of hls.companions, two otiffnnd stark bodios wcro scon ntrctchcd on tiio ' gross. 4 By Ucavon I what, a shot 1" ohqiitcd Singloton. 44 A bit of a fluke. . I nover in this wido world dreamt I would go anywhero noar tbotn. After » my lost por- fpmanco, . it . ncoma till tho moro Judioroub/'— (Ta iodonfi'ifl/fid.) . . 