ami (Senegal ^fouis. A l'AltEWKUi eliivoo of tin extremely inter esting character took plueo on Wednesday ioal, near Unrcaldiiic. The oc Asornnn cation was a social gathering " sii.vj>*0Frof curriers stock, dairymen's cattlo, and oilier regular and temporary residents of llio Bnrealdine town reserve to bid farewell to two thousand aged ewes and their families, who arc leaving the Cedar p)nins portion of the roserre after u Boionrn there of nearly seven months. Tho dejeuner vras uol t he best, of iU kind owing to the absence of the more succulcnt varie ties of Mitchell and blue grass, but from a glance (it tlio menu cards we observe that several now delicacies had been provided by the caterers, Messrs. Overstock & Company. The following is from the printed bill of furc:-Among the boupe were I'olage a la Cedar Creek and Crabholc broth. In En frees I wc uoliced dried tussocks, pigweed salud, I and in puddiDg*, roly-poly, green nod dry. After the guests liud done ample justice lo nil the good things provided by clearing them | with ^rcat rapidity, youug Mr. l'oddy, who I is nu inveterate joker, remarked that there I would be only a plain dessert as their guests i were deserting the ])lain for the desert, for which he was called to order by the Chair. Mr. Townley Bull, of Curriedairie grazing ; farm, who presided, referred in very uiTocting terms tot ho departure of their guest*, who bad graced the reserve with their cheering presence for so long u period. It was fortun ate for himself and the families he reprc eenled that there had lately been an unpre ccdoutly good season, which hud enabled them to patronise the scrubs and epinifcx country, leaving the plains to their friends. They had been extremely useful in keeping down the grass, thereby reducing the proba bility of bush firoa to a minimum. Mr. lioviuc lnado sonic remarks in a similar *traiu, Mrs. Hugh Merino returned thanks for the honor conferred upon her nineteen hundred aud nincly-nine lady friends, who were now leaving the ploins for their new habitation. They hud enjoyed a very plea punt time on these paftlure!>,*and would have been delighted (o remain there for many mouths longer if the grass lmd not been enten down rather too much for tlnnr taste. Tlio young people were ulso desirous of a change nna were now going hoiue, which, as their hot-In probably knew, the juveuilea had not yet Boon. XJiey were glad to know J hat Mr. Townley Bull, the Bovine?, and till the old families were returning to the plains, and should the spring season be favorable nna produce a goou cro]> ol grass they might rely upou seeing Mrs. Hugh Merino and Iter friends back there ngnin. The tonsl of " The Ladies" was proposed by Mr. Rcdstecr in a very humorous ^pcccli, in which he proposed to reehri&Um; the Cednr pluin by onlling it Jittmbing Flat, and compared the reserve to the loss of the Q.uelta because it wiiw " a big tshcepwrock." During the progress of tho entertainment, aud before tho sheep crowed the Alice River to their new home, several new songs wero Ming, including "fchullwc Gather nt I he ltiver" " Aliro, Where art Thon," &c.; The whole of ihc company <?$? corLcd tho departing guests across the strcmn, and after the affecting ceremony was eon I <siutTed\iiero WUH not o dry lioof in tho whole I of the Tfllit assemblage. Ok UIC lOjh before tho P.M., Arlliur | Jones and W. Shaunon, charged JiAVCALVlt^ >vitit disorderly conduct, were I'O'.rcu ^"eauTi fined 10a., oroWwcck in TOUHT. Iho lockup.-Frank Mann and John Newman, for culling tim ber without a license, were cautioned and discharged.-On tlic 11th insf., Ifcury Jnck POII, for disorderly conduct, was fined £2 or two weeks in Unrealdiuo lockup.-Henry Ilea Von was charged with travelling in a railway carriage from Barcaldine (o Alpha without a railway (iekct. Constable Cant well deposed to arresting accused at Sedgford station on the chargc, Alexander Holmes, a railway porter ut Alpha, Btntcd that on tho 9lh met. aceuscd travelled in a firet-olnss carringe. Accused, when asked for his ticket, tendered a piece of cardboard, and then said hi* ticket wis in his overcoat in tho luggage van. Upon going to tlio luggage van it was found accused had neither over coat nor ewag there. Baxter Davidson, sta« ' tiomnastcr at Alnha, deposed that wheu prisoner was brought before huu he demanded i 15s», 7d., fare front liarcnldiue; accused said he had uo money j witness rcTuscd to allow liirn to proceed on (ho journey; ho communi- | eatcd Willi tlio Trufllc Manager, who ins! ructcd ! him to proscculo. Defendant was ordered to I pay 15B. 7d. fare from Burcaldine and a flue I of £2, or in default two months' imprison* ] lucnl in Rockhanipton gaol.---Ou July 13111, William Dagniue was fined £2 or oue montli in Hookhaiupton gaol for using obsccne language.-John Halli, private in Q.D.F., for similar offence, wis fined £2 or a month iu Roekhampton gaol; and Charles JSaylor, a private in was fiucd 40a. for resist* ing tlie police, or one month iu Roekhampton gaol, or one month for attempting to roseuc a prinoucr, and 20a. or ivro weeks in the lockup for using obscouc language, sen* teuccs to bo concurrent. Tlio flues Mere | immediately paid.-Thomas To ink ins mid I Thomas Butler were charged with using abusive language. Tlio ease was the result I of u complaint by James Shannon, a shearer i ut Burctildiuo Dowus. He camc into the township on Fridiiy lust, ami was having 1 homo drinks at the Springeurc liolel; lie wus shoved about by u crowd, umong whom wore tlio prisoners, who uro joekey buys employed in SJjjjJfBjip/nr'M bliibli\\*; IJjl'V took his hat and overooat and wrote llic word " scab" ou them with ehalk; there wereuboul fifteenmen in tiie crowd who shoved him about; witness used to faU down, and when lie got up the prisoner* and others pushed him down again. Siiruh McCubo, daughter of liccutcc of the »])riti^6urc iioiei, guve eTiuunecuurrouoruunG that ol" Shannon. W. If. Hildiens deposed to hearing tnen calling Shannon "ycab" and pulling him nboul, but he did riot ecu flio prisoners there. For tho defcnce, John Loyola, lute jockcj bov, now a laborer, staled prisoners were tioL present vheu lho vow oceurrcd. lhilliT acknowledged being pre sent during (fic row, but did not euil com plainant " seal)." Toinlins suid lie saw a lot of men talking to Shannon, but did nol know what they euid. Toinlins was discharged willi a cuutiou, and Buller wus lined £1 or 14 days in (he lockup. SliATUD upon a lieup ol empty cases una 1 lie UFUU] debris of n» ciicflm|>»i<.*nt, there ruminatedou Monday morning TILL; LAST (he t-ulc ronminiiiL' Koldier of or nil* the imny which Jms been to 5I1MTAUV inuih in cvidcncc during the CAMP. l«#l four month*. l'roscnfly the heap of rubbit*li disappeared in druys and llio emu-feathered but and sombro cloak flitted away like a ghost aud was eeeu no more. Thus ends an episode iu tlio history of Ifrrciilrfino which no prophet of ten years ago could liavc foretold uny moro than lie couiu havo pii-lnrnd 1 he flow of arlceiun water mine front DIP bowels of llio carlh and sprcuding over desert and down?. On Saliirduy Lieutenant Davis and his detnehmcntof mounted iufuulry returned Jo JJnmddim*, u»d before I ho close of (lie next day nil horsee hired for the Government hud been returned lo their owners; lenls were elraclc, and before nightfall tbo rein- j nanls of the forces, mareliallcd by Limit, i Ttmbridge, paraded at the railway station j awl left Uurcaldiue by the morning Irnin. j Only two unforltnmlc (Jympie men, tvho lmd been imbibing loo freely on Saturday, were lumbered by the police and left for trial tmfil after their cor»t(tatt*ce* hod gone/iirity. Then tliey wore dealt. out. Morn justice by Mr, Mttcarlbur, one boing fined £5 or ton ^ecks in Bockhftmpton gaol, besides having to pay their postages homo to Gyinpie. THE Charters Towers Mounted Infantry rtaobed Qoghondeu on Tuesday forenoon, after &D; uneventful ride, find proceeded by Bj.oclftl train to iho Tower*, where they wore ucoorded n bearly Reception. v. 