TIIE WORLD'S DESIRE. T,r H. RI; KK HAUUAKD AND Aximuw LANG. JJciritntn cei" iiMiioKn mi Juin* iuilicat temj.-vt.— HKKYIL-S. JKWKB II., S<)1. HOUK 11. CHAPTER IX. THE WAKING OH" THE SLNEPKH. Hti departed, wondering and heavy at heart, aiid Meriamun the Queen passed into her bedchamber, and there she bade the eunuchs *nficr none to enter, made fast the doors,'and threw herself down upon the bed, hiding her face in its woven cushions. . Thus she lay for many hours as one dead—till the darkness of the evening gathered in the chamber. But tfiough she moved not, jret in her heart there bumed a fire, now white with beat as the breath of her passion fanned it, and now waning black. .and dull as the tears jell from her eyes. For now she knew all— that the long foreboding, sometimes dreaded, jcmetimes desired, and again, like a dream liaif forgotten, was indeed being fulfilled. SIIK knew of the devouring love that must eat IHI life away, knew that even in the grave she Kliould find no rest And her foe. was no* longer "a' face beheld in a vision, but a living woman,. the fairest . and most faycured,. Helen of Troy, Argive Helen, the I&feii; Hathor, the torch that fired great cities, tilt centre of all desire, whose life was'the daily «;<x,m of men. Meriamun . was beautiful, but her beauty lHiled before the face of Helen, as a lire is slain by the sun. Magic she liad also, more than any. who were on the earth; but what would her spells avail against the magic of those changing eyes ? And it was Helen whom the Wand'erer came to seek, for her he had travelled the wide lands and sailed the seas, l&l; when he told her of one whom he desired, ace whom he 'sought, she had de&ned; that she herself-was that one, av, and had told him all. , At that thought she laughed out, in the madnesd of her anger and her shame. And he had smiled. and spoken of Pharaoh her lord—and the while he sjioke he had thought not of her ltfiilj of the.golden Helen. Now this at least efre swore, that if he might not be hers, never should he be Helen's. She. would see him dead ere that hour, ay, and herself, and if it might be, Helen would she see dead also. 4'o what counsel should she tarn ? On the morrow night these two met; 011 the morrow night they would fly together. Then on the morrow must the Wanderer be slain. How should he be slain, and leave no tale of murder? By poison he might die, and Kurri the Sjdonian should be charged to give the cup. And then she would slay Kurri, saying that he lukd poisoned the Wanderer because of his bate and .the loss of his goods and freedom; and.yet how could she slay her love ? If once die dew him then she,' too, must die and seek lierjoy-in the kingdom that Osiris rules, and there slie might find little gladness. 'What, then,, should she. do? No answer <^me into her heart. There was one that must Answer in her souL IJow'she rtree froin the bed and stood for a nig a _ he*'girdle she opened the chestWithin were jewels/ minors, and unguents in .jars of alabaster—ay, and poisons of deadly bane ; font ebfr-toncbed 'none of these. Thrusting her hand deep into the chest she drew forth a casket of dark metal -that people ; deemed unholy, a casket made of "Syphons Bone,"for eat- they: call grey iron. She pressed a secret spring. It .opened, and feeling within she iotmd & smaller casket. lofting it to her lips she •-•whispered • over- it words of nO living apecch, and m the heavy and scented dark a lot?, flame, flickered and trembled on her lips, ad.- she murmured in the tongue of a deaki people. Then slowly the lid opened of ittelf, < like a living mouth that opens, and as % opened a gleam of light stole up from the 1K>X into the dusk of the chamber. How Meriamun looked," and shuddered as she looked. Yet she put her hand into the tox and muttering, "Come forth—come forth, tb*u Ancient Evil," drew something 46 her and held it out from her on' the palm of her hand. Sehold, it glowed in the dusk of the chamber as a live ember glows among the ashes of the hearth. Bed it glowed, and green, and white, and 1 livid blue; and its shape, as it lay upon her hand, was the shape of a coiling snake, cut, as it were, in opal and in emerald. -For a while she gazed uixm it, shuddering, as one in doubt "Minded am I to let thee deep, thou horror," she murmured. "Twice nave I looked on thee, and I would look no more. Nay, I will dare it, thou gift of the old wisdom, thou frozen fire, thou sleeping sin, thou living death of the death of the ancient city, for thou alone hast wisdom/' Thereon she unclasped the bosom of her robe and laid the gleaming toy, that seemed aisnake of stone, upon her ivory breast, though jibe trembled at its icy touch, for it was more cold than death. With both her hands she clasped a pillar of the chamber, and so stood, and she was shaken with throes like the pangs of childbirth. Thus she endured awhile till that which was a-cold grew warm, watching its brightness that shone through her silken dress as the flame of a lamp shines through a alabaster vase. So she stood for an hour, then swiftly put off all her robes and •rnaments of gold, and loosing the dark masses of her hair let it fall round her like a veil. Now she bent her head down to her breast, and breathed oa that which lay upon her breast, for the ancient evil can live only in the breath of human kind. Thrice she • breathed upon it, thrice she whisperd, Awake 1 Axcakc! Auakcl" And the first time that she breathed the thing stirred and sparkled. The second time tUr.t she breathed it undid its shining folds and reared its head to hers. The third time that jshe breathed it slid from her bosom to the floor, then coiled itself about her feet and riowly grew as grows the magician's magic tree.. Greater it grew and greater yet, and as it grew it shone like a torch in a tomb, and wound itself about the body of Meriamun, wrapping her in its fiery folds till it reached her middle. Then it reared its head on high, and from its eyes there flowed a light like the light of a flame, 'and lo 1 its face was the face of > fair woman—it .was the face of Meriamun ! " Now face looked on face, and eyes glared into eyes. Still as a white statue of the gods stood Meriamun the Queen, and all about her form and in and out of her dark hair twined the flaming snake. At length the Evil spoke—spoke with a human voice, but in the dead speech of a dead people, "Tell me my name," it said. 4 1 Sin is thy name," answered Meriamun the "Tell me whence I come," it said again. "From the evil that is in me," answered the Toice of Meriamun. "Tell me whither I go." "Where I go there thou -wanned thee in my breast am about my heart." . for I have thou art twined Then the snake lifted up its human head and laughed horribly. " Well art thou instructed." it said:. "So I love thee as thou lovest me, ' and it bent itself and kissed her on the .lips. "I' am that Ancient Evil, that life which endures out of the first death; I am that Death which abides in the living life. I ain that which brought on thee the woe that is in division from the Heart's Desire, and the name thereof is hell. From life to life thou hast found me at thy hand; now in this shape, now in that. 1 taught thee the magio -which thou knowest; 2 showed thee how to win the throne! Now, what wilt thou of ine, Meriamun, my mother, «ny sister, and my child ? From life to life I have beat with thee. Ever thou mightest have put me from thee, ever thou fliest to the wisdom which I have, and ever from thee I draw my strength; for though without me thou mightest live, without thee I must die. Say now, what is it? Tell me, and I will \- name my price. No more will I ask than most be j for—ah !—I am glad to wake and •live agun; glad to grip thy soul within these fihining (folds, to be fair with thy beauty I—to lie foul with thy sin!" "Lay thj lips against my ear and thine ear against my lips," said Meriamun the Queen, "and I will say what it is I will of thee, thou Ancient EviL" Sothe human-headed evil laid its ear against the lips of Meriamun, and Meriamun laid her lips against its ears, and they whispered each to each. There in the darkness they whiskered, while the witch-light glittered down the grey snake's shining folds, beamed in its eyes ana shone through the Queen's dark hair and on her snowy breast. At length the tale was told, and the snake lifted its woman's head high in the air, and again it laughed. " He seeks the good," it said, "and he shall ind the ill! He looks for light, and in darkness shall he wander! To love he turns, in lust he shall be lost! He wculd win the golden Helen, whom he has sought through many a war, whom be has followed o'er many a sea, but first shall he find thee, Meriamun, and through thee death. For he shall swear by the snake who should have sworn by the JStar. Far hath he wandered—further shall he ! wander yet, for thy sin shall be his sin ! Darkness shall wear the face of lisrht, evil shall shine like good. I will give him to thee, Meriamun, but hearken to uiy price. No more must I be laid cold in the gloom while thou walkest in the sunshine—nay, I must be twined about thy body. Fear not, fear not, I shall seem but a jewel in the eyes of men, a girdle fashioned cunningly for the body of a Queen. But with thee henceforth I must ever go—and when thou diest, with thee must I die, and . with thee pass where thou doth pass—with •thee to sleep, with thee to awake again—and eo on and on till in the end I win or thou winjBBit, or she wins who is our foe!" " I give tfcee thy price," said Meriamun the Queen. "."So once before thou didst give it," answered the Evil; "ay, far, far away, beneath a golden sky in another clime. Happy wast tiiou then with him thou dost desire, but 1 twined myself about thy heart and of twain came three and all the sorrow that has been. So woman thou hast worked, so woman it is ordained. For thou art that SUB in whom all woes are gathered, in whom all love is fulfilled. And I have dragged thy glory down, woman, and I have loosed thee from thy gentleness, and set it upon the earth, and beautj' is she named. By beauty doth site work who is the golden Helen, and for her beauty's sake, that all men strive to win, are wars and woes, are hopes and prayers, and longings without end. But by evil dost thou work who art divorced from innocence, and evil shalt thou ever bring on him whom thou desircst. A riddle ! A riddle! Bead it who may—read it if thou canst, thou ^ who art named Meriamun and Queen, but who art less than Queen and more. Who art thou ? Who is she they name the Helen 5 Who. is that Wanderer who seeks her fron afar, and who, •who am K A riddle', a riddle', that thou mayest not read. Yet is the answer written on earth and sky and sea, and in the hearts of " Now hearken ! To-morrow night; thou . shalt take me and twine me aoout thy boily, doing as I bid thee, and' behold ! for a while thy shape shall wear the shape of the golden Helen, and thy face shall be as her face, and thine eyes as "her eyes, and thy voice as her voice. Then I leave the rest to thee, for as Helen's self thou shalt beguile the Wanderer, and once, if once only, be a wife to him whom thou desirent NcJught can I tell thee of the future .who am but a counsellor, but hereafter it may be that woes will come, woes and wars and death. But what matter these when thou "hast had thy desire, when he has sinned, and hath sworn by the snake who should have sworn by -the star, and when he is bouud to thee by ties that may not be loosed. Choose, Meriamun, choose! Put my counsel from thee and to-morrow this man thou lovest shall be lost to thee, lost in the arms of Helen - and alone for many years shalt thou bear the burden of thy lonely love. Take it, and he shall at least be thine, let come wiiat may come." Thus spake the Ancient Evil, tempting her who was named Meriamun, while die hearkened to the tempting. "I have chosen, y she said, "I will wear the shape of Helen, and lie a wife to him I love, and then let ruin fall. Sleep thou Ancient Evil. Sleep, for no more may I endure thy face of fear that is my face, nor the light of those flaming eyes that are my eyes made mad." _ • ^ Again the thing reared its humau head and laughed out in triumph. Then slowly it unloosed its gleaming coils. Slowly it 6lid to the earth and shrank and withered like a flaming scroll till at length it seemed- once more Cut a shining jewel of opal and of amethyst. The Wanderer, when he left the inner secret shrine, spfcv no more the guardians of the gates, nor heard the clash, of the swords ' unseen," for the gods had given the beauty of Helen to Odysseus of Ithaca, as it was foretold. Without the curtains the priests of the : temple were gathered wondering—little could they .understand how it came to pas3 that the hero who was called Eperitus had vanished through the curtains and had not been smitten down by the unseen swords. And when they saw him come forth glorious and unharmed they cried aloud with fear. But he laughed and said, "Fear not. Victory is to him whom the gods appoint I have done battle with the wardens of the shrine, and passed them, and methinks that they are gone. I have looked upon the Hathor also, and more than that seek ye not to know. Now give me food for I am weary." So they bowed before him and leading him thence to their chamber of banquets gave him of their best, and watched him while he ate and drank and put from him the desire of food. Then he rose and went from the temple, and again the priests bowed before hun. Moreover, they gave him the freedom of the temple, and keys whereby all the doors might be opened, thouph little, as they thought, had he any need of keys. Now the Wanderer, walking gladly and light of heart, came to his own lodging in the courts of the palace. At the door of the lodging stood Kei the priest, who when he saw him, ran to him and embraced him, so glad was he that the Wanderer had escaped alive. _ " Little did I think to look upon thee again, Eperitus," he said. "Had it not been for that which the Queen" and he bethought himself and stayed his speech* "Nevertheless, here lam unhurt of ghost or men," the Wanderer answered, laughing, as he passed into the lodging. "But what of the Queen?" "Nought, Eperitus, nought, save that she was grieved when she learned that thou had.se gone up to the temple of the Hathor, there, as she thought, to perish. Hearken, thou Eperitus, I know not if thou art god or man, but oaths are bindine both on men and gods, and though didst swear an oatli to Pharaoh, is it not so ?" " Ay, Eei. I swore an oath that I would guard the Queen well till Pharaoh came again." "Art thou minded to keep that oatli, Eperitus 5" asked Rei, looking on him strangely. "Art thou minded to guard the fair fame of Pharaoh's Queen, that is more precious than her life? Metliinks thou dost understand my meaning. Eperitus ?" " Perchance, I understand," answered the Wanderer. " Know, Rei, that I am so minded." Then Be: spake again, darkly. " Methinks some sickness hath smitten Meriamun the Queen, and she craves thee for her physician. Now tilings come about as they were foreshown in the portend of that vision whereof I spoke to thee. But if thou dost break thy oath to him whose salt thou eatest, then, Eperitus, god or man, thou art a dastard." " Have I not said that I have no mind so to break mine oath," he answered, then sank his head upon his bieast and communed with his crafty heart while Eei watched him. Presently he lifted up his head and s]x>ke— " Rei," be said, " I am minded to tell thee a strange story and a true, for this I see, that our will runs one way and thou canst help me, and in helping me thyself and Pharaoh to. whom I swore an oath, and her whose honour thou holdest dear. But this I warn thee, Rei, that if thou dost betray me, not thine age, nor thine office, nor the friendship thou hast shown me, shall save thee." "Speakon, Odysseus, Laertes'son, Odysseus of Ithaca," said Rei, "may my life be forfeit if I betray thy oounsel, if it harm not those I serve." Now the Wanderer started to his feet crying— " How knowest thou that name?" " I know it," said Rei, " and I tell thee that I know it, thou most crafty of men, to show this, that with me thy guile will not avail thee," For he would not tell him that he had it from the lips of the Queen. " Thou hast heard a name that has been iu the mouths of many," said the Wanderer, " perchance it is mine, perchance it is the name of another. It matters not Now know this, I fear this Queen of thine. Hither I came to seek a woman, but the Queen I came not to seek. Yet I have not come in vain, for yonder, Rei, yonder, in the temple of the Hathor, I found her on whose quest I came and who waited me there well guarded till I should come to take her. On the morrow night I go forth to the temple, and there, by the gates of the temple I shall find her whom all men desire, but who loves me alone among men, for so it has been fated of the gods. Thence I bring her hither that here we may be wed. Now this is my mind, if thou wilt aid me with a skip and men that, at the first light of dawn, we should flee this land of thine and that thou shouldest keep my going secret far a while till I have gained the sea. True it is that I swore to guard die Queen till Pharaoh come again ; but as thou knowest, things are so that I can best guard her by my flight, and if Pharaoh thinks ill of me—so it must be. Moreover, I ask thee, to meet me by the pylon of the temple of Hathor, to-morrow at one hour before midnight There will we talk with her who is called the Hathor, and prepare our flight, and thence thou shalt go to that ship which thou hast made ready." Now Rei thought a while and answered— " Somewhat I fear to look upon this goddess, yet I wi.l dare it. Tell me, then, how shall I know her at the temple's gate?" "Thou shalt know her, Rei, by the red star which burns upon her breast. But fear not for I will be there. Say, wilt thou make the ship ready?" "The ship shall be ready, Eperitus, and though I love thee well, I say this, that I would it rode the waves which roll around the shores of Khem and thou wert in it, and with thee *he who is called the Hathor, that goddess whom thou desircst." CHAPTER X. TIIE OATH OK THE WAXDEEEK. That night the Wanderer saw not Merialnun, but on the morrow she sent a messenger to him, bidding him to her feast that night. He had little heart to go, but a Queen's courtesy is a command, and he went at sundown. Rei also went to the feast, and as he went, meeting the Wanderer in the antechamber, he whispered to him that all things were made ready, tliat a good ship waited him in the harbour, the very ship that he had captured from the Sidonians, and that he, Rei, would be with him by the pylon gate of the temple one hour before midnight. Presently, as he whispered, the doors were flung wide and Meriamun the Queen jjassed in, followed by eunuchs and waiting women. She was royally arrayed, her face wa* p^Jc and j i i i | j • cold, but her great eyes glowed in it. Low the Wanden-i- bow«'d before iit;r. She bent iier head in answer, then gave him her hand, and he led her to the feast. They sat there side by Bide, but the Queen spoke little, and that little of Pharaoh and the host of the Apura, from whom no tidings came. : When at length the feast was dune, Meriamun bade the Wanderer to her private ! j chamber, and thither he went for a while, I though sorely against Tus wiiL . But Rei casie ! not in with thein and thus lie was left alone with the Queen—for she dismissed the waiting ladie*. When they had gone there was silence for a while, but ever the Wanderer felt the eyes of Meriamun watching him as though they would read his heart. "I am weary," she said, at length. "Tell me of thy wanderings, Odysseus of Ithaca— nay, tell me of the sie?e of Ilios and of the einful Helen, ivho brought all these woes about. Ay, and tell me how thou didst creep from the leaguer of the Achaeans, ana, wrapped in a beggar's weeds seek speech of this evil Helen, now justly slain of the angry " Justly slain is she indeed, answered the ; crafty Wanderer. "An ill thing is it, truly, that the lives of so many heroes should be lost because of-the beauty of a faithless woman.. I had it in my own heart to slay her when I spoke with her in Troy Towers, but the gods held my hand." "Was it so, indeed?" said the Queen, smiling darkly. "Doubtlessif yet she lived, and thou eawest her, thou wouldst slay her. Is it not so, Odysseus?" " She lives no more, O Queen," he answered. "Now tell me;' yesterday'thou wentestup to the temple of the Hathor; tell me what thou didst see in the temple." "I saw a fair woman, or, perchance, an immortal goddess, stand upon the pylon brow, and as she stood and sang those who looked were bereft of reason. And thereafter some tried to pass the ghosts who guarded the woman and were slain of invisible swords. It was a strange sight to see." "A strange sight, .truly. But thou didst not lose thy craft, Odysseus, nor try to break through the"ghosts ?" "Nay, Meriamun. In nay youth I have looked upon the beauty of Argive Helen, who was fairer than she who stood upon the pylon tower. None who have looked lipon the Helen •would seek to win the Hathor." "But, perchance, thoso who have looked upon the Hathor may seek to win the Helen," she answered slowly and he knew not what to say, for he felt the power of her magie on him. So for a while they spoke, and Meriamun, knowing all; wondered much at the guile of the Wanderer, but she showed no wonder in her face. At length he rose, and bowing beforeher, said that he must visit theguard that watched the palace gates. She looked upon him strangjdy and bade him s?o. Then he went, and right glad he was thus to be free of her. But when the curtains had swung behind him, Meriamun the Queen sprang to her feet, and a dreadful light of daring liurned in her eyes. She clapped her hands, and bade those who came to her seek their rest, as she would also, for she was v.-eary and needed none to wait upon her. So the women went, leaving her alone, and she passed into her sleeping chamber. Now must the bride deck herself for the brid, idaL" she said, and straightway, pausing not, t,. drew forth the Ancient. Evil from its hiding-place and wanned it on her breast, breathing the breath of life into its nostrils. Now,, as before, it grew and wound itself about her, , and whispered in her ear, bidding her clothe herself in bridal white and clasp the Evil around her; then think on the beauty she had seen gather on the face of dead Hataska'in the the temple of Osiris, and on the face of the Bai, and the face of the Ka. She did its command, fearing nothing, for her heart was alight with love, and torn with jealous hate, and little did she reck of the sorrows which her sin should bring forth. So she bathed herself in perfumes, shook out her shining hair, and clad herself in white attire. Then she.looked upon her beauty in the mirror of silver,', and cried in the bitterness of her heart to the evil that lay beside. her like a snake asleep. " Ah, am I not fair enow to win liim whom I love ? Say, thou evil, must I indeed steal the beauty of another to win him whom I love?" "This must thou do," said the evil, "or lose him in Helen's arms. For though thou art fair, yet is she beauty's self, and her gentleness he loves, and not thy pride. Choose, choose swiftly, for presently the Wanderer goes forth to win the golden Helen." Then she doubted no more, but lifting the shining evil, held it to her. With a dreadful laugh it twined itself about her, and lo it shrank to the shape of a girdling, doubleheaded snake of gold, with eyes of ruby flame. And as it shrank Meriamun the Queen thought on the beauty she had seen upon the face of dead Hataska, on the face of the Bai, and the face of the Ka, and all the while she watched her beauty in the mirror. And as she watched behold her face grew as the face of death, ashen and hollow, then slowly burned into life again—but all her loveliness was changed. Clianged were her dark locks to locks of gold, changed were her deep eyes to eyes of blue, changed was the glory of her pride to the sweetness of Helen's smile. Fairest among women had been her form, now it was fairer yet, and now—now she was beauty's self, and like to swoon at the dream of her own loveliness. "So, all so, must the Hathor seem," she said, and lo ! her voice rang strangely in her ears. For the voice, too, was changed, it was more soft than the whispering of wind-stirred reeds; it was more sweet than the murmuring of bees at noon. Kow she must go forth, and fearful at her own loveliness, and heavy with her sin, yet glad with a strange joy, she passes from her chamber and glides like a starbeam through the still halls of her palace. The white light of the moon creeps into them and falls upon the faces of the dreadful gods, on the awful smile of sphinxes, and the pictures of her forefathers, kings and queens who long were dead. And as she goes she seems to hear them whisper each to each of the dreadful sin that she sinned, and of the sorrow that shall be. But she does not beed, and never stays her foot. For her heart is alight as with a flame, and she will -win the Wanderer to her arms—the Wanderer sought through many lives, found after many deaths. Now the Wanderer is in liis chamber, waiting for the hour to -set forth to find the ffolden Helen: His heart is alight andstrange dreams of the past go before his eyes, and strange visions of long love to be. His heart burns like a lamp in the blackness, and by that light he sees all the days of his life that have been, and all the war: that he has won, and all the seas that he has sailed. And now he knows that these things are dreams indeed, illusions of the outer sense, for there is but one thing true in the life -of men, and that is love; there is but one thing perfect, the beauty which is love's robe ;-there is but one thing which all men seek and are -born to find at last, the heart of the golden Helen, the World's Desire, that is peace and joy and r6st. He binds his arnynir -on him, for foes may lurk in darkness, and takes the bow of Eurytus, and the grey bolts- of death; for, perchance, the fight is not yet done, and he must cleave his way to joy. Then he combs his locks and sets the golden helm upon them, and, praying to the gods (ah! the gods are deaf), passes from his chamber. l\ r ow the chamber opened into a great hall of pillars. As was his custom when he went alone by night, the Wanderer glanced warily -down the dusky .hall, but little might he see because of the shadows. Nevertheless, the moonlight poured into the centre of the hall from the clerestories in the roof, and lay there shining white as water beneath black banks of reeds. Again the Wanderer glaaced with keen, quick eyes, for there was a sense in his heart that he was no more alone iu tka hall, though whether it were man or ghost, or, perchance, •ooe of the immortal gods who leaked on him, he might not tell. Now it seemed to him that lie saw a shape of white moving far away in the fihadow. Then he grasped the black bow and laid hand upon his xjuiver so that the shafts rattled. Now it would seem that the shape in'the shadow heard the rattling of the shafts, or perchance it was the moonlight gleam upon the Wanderer's golden liarness—at the least it drew near till it came to the edge of the pool of light. Tliere it paused as a bather pauses ere she steps into the fountain. The Wanderer paused also, wondering what the shape might be. Half was he minded to try it with an arrow from the bow, but he held his hand and watched. And as he watched the white shape glided into the space of moonlight, and he saw that it was the form of a woman draped in white, and that about her shone a gleaming girdle, and in the girdle gems which sparkled like the eyes of a snake Tall was the shape and lovely as a statue of Aphrodite: but who or what it was he might not tell, forTiie head was bent and the face hidden. Awhile the shape stood thus, and as it stood the Wanderer, drawn by wonder, passed towards it, till he also stood in the pool of moonlight that shimmered on his golden mail. Then suddenly the shape lifted its face so that the light fell full on it, and stretched out its arms towards him, and lo! the facie was the face of Argive Helen—of her whom he went forth to seek. He looked upon its beauty, he looked upon the eyes ©f blue, upon the golden hair, upon the shining arras; then slowly, very slowly, and in silence—for he could find no words—the Wanderer drew near. She did not move nor speak. So still she stood that scarce she seemed to breathe. Only the shining eyes of her snake-girdle glittered like living things. Again lie stopped fearfully, for he held that this was sureij a mocking ghost which stood before him, but still she neither niovrd nor spoke. Then at length he found bia tongue and spoke— " "Lady," he whispered, "is it indeed thou, is it Argive Helen whom I look upon, or is it, ))t:rchanee, a ghost sent by Queen Persephone from the house of Hades to make a mock of me?" New. the voice of Helen answered him in sweet tones and low—• "Did I not tell thee, Odysseus of Ithaca, did I not tell thee yesterday, in the halls of Hathor, after thou hadst overcoaie the ghosts, that to-night we should be wed ? Wherefore, then, dost thou deem me of the number of the bodiless?" The Wanderer hearkened. The voice was the voice of Helen, the eyes were the eyes of Helen, and yet his heart feared guile. " So did Argive Helen tell me of a truth, lady, but this she said, that I should find her by the pylon of the temple, and lead herthenoe to be my bride. Thither I go but now to seek her. But.if thou art Helen, how comest thou to these palace "halls"?' And where; lady, is that red star which should gleam upon thy breast, that star which weeps out the blood of men ?" " No njore doth the red dew fall from the star that was set upon my breast, Odysseus, for now.that thou hast won me men die no.more for my beauty's sake. Gone" is"the starof-war; and see, wisdom rings me round, the symbol of the deathless snake that signifies -love eternal. Thou dost ask how I came hither, I, who am immortal -and :a daughter of god ? Seek not to know, Odysseus, for where fate puts it in my mind to be, there do the gods bear me.' Wouldst-thou then; that I leave thee, Odysseus-?" .'. -•• - • ' "Last of all things do I desire this," he answered, for now his wisdom went a wandering ; now he forgot the words of Aphrodite, warning him that the Helen might be known by one thing only, the red star on her breast, whence falls the blood of xtien; and he ho more doubted but that she was the golden Helen. Then she wlio wore the Helen's shape stretched out her . arms and smiled so sweetly that the Wanderer knew nothing any more, save that she drew him to her.. Slowly she glided before him, ever smiling, and where she went he followed, as men follow beauty in a dream. She led him through halls and corridors, past the sculptured statues of the gods, past man-headed sphinxes, and pictures of long dead kings. .And as sbe goes once more it seems to her that she hears them whisper each to each of the horror of her sm and the sorrow that shall be. But nought she heeds whoever leads him on, and nought he hears whoever follows after, till at length, though he knows it not, they stand in the bed- chamljer of the Queen, and by Pharaoh's golden bed. Then once more she speaks— " Odysseus of Ithaca, whom I have loved from the beginning, and whom I shall love till all deaths are done, before thee stands that loveliness which t]ie gods predestined to thy arms. Now take tliou thy bride; but first lay thy hand upon this golden snake, that rings me round, the new bridal gift of the gods, and swear thy marriage oath, which may not 'be broken. Swear thus, Odysseus :—' I love thee, woman or -immortal, and thee alone, audi by whatever name tliou art called, and iu whatever shape thou goest, to thee will I cleave, and to thee alone, till the day of the passing of time. I wili forgive thy sins, I will soothe thv sorrows, I mil suffer none to come betwixt thee and me. . This I. swear to thee,"woman or it to thee, woman for now and for ever, for here and hereafter, in whatever shape thou goest on the earth, by whatever name thou art ; known -among men.' ' " Swear thou thus, Odysseus of Ithaca, Laertes' son, or leave me and go thy ways !" "Great is theoath," quoth the Wanderer; for though now he feared no guile, yet his crafty heart liked it ill. . " Choose, and ehorse swiftly," she answered, " Swear the oath, or leave me and never see me more I" " Leave thee I will not, and cannot if I would," he said. "Lady, I swear !" And he laid his hand upon the snake that ringed her round, and swore the dreadful oath. Yea, he forgot the words of the goddess, and the words of Helen, and he swore by the snake who should have sworn by the star. By the immortal gods he swore it, by the symbol of the snake, and by the beauty of his bride. And as he swore the eyes of the serpent sparkled, and the eyes of her who wore the beauty of Helen shone, and faintly the black bow of Eurytus thrilled, foreboding death and war. But naught the Wanderer thought on guite or war or death, for the kiss of her whom he deemed the gol<?en Helen was on his lips, and he went up into the golden bed of Meriamun. For he had forgotten the words of the goddess—he had sworn by the snake who should have sworn by the star. 