A DUBLIK HAMLET. 'I am av the opinion as Polonius whin he said, 'Don't fight widivry Ecutt for the pure jov av fightin', bub if you do, knock the nose aff him first an' frenuuit.' :l 'What do you know about Polonius,' J. demanded. .This was a new side of Mulvaney's character. ' All that Shakespeare iver wrote an' :i dale more than the gallery shouted. Did I not tell you av Silver's Theatre in Dublin, whin I was younger than I am now, an' a patron of the drama 1 Ould Silver wud never pay actor man or woman their just dues, an' by consiquince his eompinies was collapsible atthelaatmiaut.' Thin the bhoys wud clamour to take a part, an' oft as not ould Silver made thim pay for ..the fun. Faith, I've seen Hamlut played with a new black eye an' the Queen as full as a cornu copia. I remhnber wasn't Hogin, that 'listed in the Black Tyrone, an' was shot in South Africa, he sejucetl ould Silver into givin' him Hainlut's part instid av me that had fine fancy for rhetoric in those days. Av course I wint into the gallery an' began to fill the pit wid other people'3 hats, an' I passed the time av day to Hogin walkin' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his back. ' Hamlut, eez I, ' there's a hole in your heel. Pull up you stocking, Hamlut,' sez I. ' Ham lut, Hamlut, for the love ay daeiney drop that skullan'pulIupyourshtoekins.'Thewholehouse began to tell him that He shtopped his sililoauishms mid-betweeu. 'My shtockin's may be comhv down or they, may not,' sez he, screwin5 his eyes into the gallery, for well he knew who I was. . * But af ther this performince is over, me an' the ghost 11 knock the head av you, Terence.' Eyah \ Those days, those days. Did you iver have onendin divilment an' nothin' at all in all your whole blissed life to pay, son-?' ?*2-ever, without haying to pay,' I said. ^ 'That's thrue? Tis mane when you con aidher on it; but it's same wid horse or fut. A headache if you drink, an' a belly-ache if you ate too much, an' a heartache to kape all down. Faith, the beast only gets the colic, an' he's the lucky man.' — Bud yard Kip ling. . Watte — i'Now, if I understand correctly, the first principle of socialism is to divide with your brother man.' Potts— 'Then you don't understand it correctly. The first principle of socialism is to make your brother divide with . you. 