THE BRETON MILLS, GC ARLES J. 13ELLA\MY. elilP''l·ll? 32 (Continued) luldicrous ieciities. To-morrow willdo.u "turtninly, I only wish you had let me help you get ready." But her light laugh oktld not deceive Phillp againl but it was tu; late now to guard against fIrc. "I will run right homo and got the things you spoke of ri;.y for to-lmorr'ow." Yes, Ihnd there wero some other things she bad iot spIoken of, Jane Ellingsworth would have rentady for to-norrow, too. C[IAPTER XXXIII. TIltS LAST 5TrkAW. "You are too late, my friend." Philip had been sittilng in his study in the darkness which was inot muor black than his lifo. But io arose to give his cold hand to Mr. Phil brick, who had come at last. "'ll'y too late? This is only 'Wednesday. WIave you changed your mind? I did not suppose there was so much hurry, and I wastel to haveo evcrythlng ready" "It is too late," answered Piilip gloomily. TWhat use to tell the old gentleman that Philip Breton's wifelo was a crilinal before the law, that the transfer of the mill property was only f part of hIis scheme to save her froms an ilufunoes penalty, that their deadli est enemy lleow all their plans now, and no doubt hier sleepless eyes watched their every movement, lest they should escape her hate. The servant came to the door. "I suppose you will have lights, sir. Seome men from Ithe mill folks watllt to seo you." "Oh, yes; show them in," he said care lessly. Thelro .cro not cha?rs enough for tieo four workmien who catno stumbling in liko pall bearers at a country ftneral, bllt P1hilip did tnot scent to looek alt them. One took his placeo by the window, and soiled the curtain with his Irnads; another, apparently the seokesitnan, distdailed to lean against any ti slg, lint stood stock still it the centr' of the roomt, bout forward a little in an attitude borrowed from thel prize ring. His feet were plantsetd well apuart, and his arms bowed out at the elbows. "I suppoiso yout have some complaints to make," said trhe young mill owner with a geutlenless of tone that was quite miusnder stood lby the delegation, who immediatoly tried to look very fierce. "Ye'ro right, sir," nuswered the man in the center of the room. "Ye lmow yerself, yo aint doln' the right thing by us."' Philip did not speak for a moment, and Mr.: Philbrick would have thought he had tnot heard the fellow, only for a little twitch ing at tho corners of his mouth. Apparently the young man was deeply hurt by his fail ure to satisfy his men. "I have done the best I leow." "Wsatl, we kin tell yer, if ye don't lnsow no better " l[resunmed the workman insolently. Philip s eyes flashed at him, then dropped to the carpet again. "Pay us more wages for one thing, ,shorten up our hours for an other." " e "You fare better than others I divide the 'ofilts with you. You thought I was very good W\ith yout once." Tlhe younlg lnan's tone wests lit ur tTsulnentsttive, it was too hopeless for that. u_ "Y1or don't dhivy eCron; our shOare ilon't 'inounlt to muchl," put int the aunu who was aliling the window curhtin. 'lI sIIt sorry for yot, bult you can't expect ste to :nake you all ri's." T'here was such a alhtness of reproach in Ph ilip's voice that in Imist gathered before I'hilbrick'a kind eyes. flut the workmen got tihe idea they were frightening tile young master. "I have gone as far as I can see mly way Don't you think you had better be patient with me't" "Be you goit to raise our pay!" Philip slsook Itis head thoughtfully. "I cannot und-staud it me my duty or my rigiht." '"A o you Coiln' to shorten up our hours-' asked tlhe man at the window. "t[ cannot, The chief spokesman turned to Ills cotm p:Uliols. "Thor ain't no use. 1Val, 'squire, to-msorrow you may wish you had. Comnu slhng, ioys." Philip had dropped back heavily into his .:hlir. 1It seetmed tolhave forgotten the pres :'e of \Mr. P?llbrickl, until that gentlemen btsg:ln to expdlai his mItore perfect system. "tinow cale you expect: yousr hetlp to be stt is ite." liPhilbrick war. say?ng; "even if Ithey werre well paid it wouldi xo small oh,ljeet for lhell to ha shut up all their' lirtw, is if t[hey oore convicts. But yonu doll't palsy ihs't, either. It isn't because thoe bssa'.,' doln't ;iay, for your father's Lrotl Its tid wtotrsl'e .n?toiro'us. It is all the s sult of a t'alsle vhltin lion of sa 9 liworl0h of .oservices. NoWI shall st'ok to remove the hUrden?:s that crsh the Ietttdple and restrict there natural develop aisflt." -1 l'hilip said nothing. HIow well his ohl frlend Iad kelpt his elthlsinsti tIhronlgh ail the .year.a of his life I Well, it wottul do nu hartm to let him talk on. "You will ask me fir deltails." .[r. Phil brick took his seat again and drew up to hiIt a sheet of ipaper and a pencil. "Yosn will ask what burdens they are that are on tile Iil lion, besides the commono neeessras'y burdelns of l:umn lt itiae. wstill otell yoU heprincipal lu'rdCn, it Is lipo tutplet'al)'o I ~ibuty to se eenulated cal apit ul a Uld s tn ii?'a kiP t ihleses, shsich nlakes aI tyra.nt of teltInan)?t Ish Ihas ,oa'ed a stt'p)lls out of hiis wages, nat, •tntesdl tie hopeless vias inertiau of lpoverty, Like all forms of slavory its eleote to grit app:arent luxu'y, which never llpenet rhti, :elow the very surface of society, amlt tire tles industry which earns nollltalls for thim workters but food lrtely enllgh to ssnpiSl'ti his day's work. It is benlit enoughl for the isun1 w\ho lhas sasved imonsey thlato h estl \ywork ro better advanslago; it is It lever is hIis htls. if we permit capital to takeo stiIch eort:-. :s p.'ofits as it does, overty sday and year' it in eatnscs, as wealth incrctssr, the errlshing tax on la Ibor. I shall pay you hittt " per cent oni tile ir.qngy shall owe yost Oil ls:ecotllt of thel mill prolsrly.' Tth. recst of the iscoleo of Ilte business a.uo' twd peIe'tipott el:longs to 1s0 laborer." The ogl'eforntr glanced exicetnntly at Phliliit. tha tite dut'it' I:less loosk thlsi wsas on hiis face an hour ago hio i slttt ejljasgs'sI. "'I nalt not sure but thalnt is too nlpcis,. "'pll' suedl Mr. Ptllb'ick, "but it wilJ? oli L' R, little lwhile before i stnl J'y spn I Its Ilet. Thcrewas no u aI n ithsttiitsg t o 5thlu i-t astic oldgtlentlsoms, whoso Ireat s lMtrk wit., a foIsltnlli of hUmltoll kindne.-s. It w,'uhls beI tilo onough for Plhillp t, tell Iiill thit ies lhd changed his plans latola, LaBut I shall also shorten the hours of \work, Six hiaours of conhllsnent It thie ilills is enougll, and without leisure tll the adv''ntit .oges I csll give ily t-olsk Ipeolel wil be of little avail. 1 can lotdilrereit. sets' of indas relieove ech other if it senits nece.rsary, or btihl tewV mills tuld nl;tk in a thosatsndi lnot' Mi'. s'lisibrlck Scateld tnuk Its Ifun olsur aisl n grenats light of ialencvolenco shone in his labor ought not and need not lie wrotctel) tandl famished. It is mil'u 'sl'hllti's8 thlan .illful ornelty trnt delays groat rl''for5ll, I I catu once show the worltl whattl juastice is and how it woriks it will not be long bo foroe:'- S' I "h]ht, sly dear fl''lend," anid Philil,, dl'of pintg lla ey'es C's to Ilie sos'. "slid I suot loll 'oui It ctns p.s hut'I, I inl not gsoilng to sell. Yost will hla sts ui etl sps r it llut'lya itor so ust tCs rtes vof its, stold ithe ltpnlinsesihe lie d mirste,, 'lThens 'iss' a tmomtten11t of ishl?eis' ll'ntI'tro whichll was Io~l n at stii . itsI by a t'osie, Cust Sby the lou risll t g of a dlsoe' beIll. It rnitg so violen sy IIie g're', silest htutse etshocd in.ga ltI. thIs s'nl caisome lhlet s hli'tl lpped to his ftaet. \'Yils tl hohtlst of dti~el Te ate exl?.I 1?t'oll'sts''iltd Ii1roltgh hIis fe'reIsli br'ail, hit I st'- at h I lilsa a isatiu when t ha tttidly sit','r opelnll bel'lind him. l1o tore llepe a telg'ls tlll nd reasnd aloutd: "'temlrni i isolvator delayed till to-orrowt unor'uinsg st. 5." Ftor a nsoenont he ,lhl not take in ils ietnt lug. Tien he tscaught lhilibrick's arn so tigth lsths hli gets tleisatn altmtost cried oilt. "I)o you s eeas the mills as you snidt Yotni wwere Ist joking, s h, you were nsta jokingu l'lilla'ick gssed at him in astonishment. Philip tses'l iht ?allts' us terriblo satle of ax eitemontls His Isleor was replaced by it burning flush, his eye3 th ..hs.. be _so 0dull shone with unnatural brightness. "Your plans will succeed better than mine and you can't find such a ood place as this. You will tulke ny mills. p "Ow te i.so I will, but I thought you said"--ol "Never uind," cried the young man, "never mind what I said. Draw the papelrs at once. 1But no, I cannot wait." Philip turned on his heel as if no earthly power could detain hin a moment longer. "But the papers are all ready." And 1Mr. Philbrick took a bundle of documents from his breast pocket, and laid them on the table. "Where shall I sign them-u-quick?" de. nmandtled Phlip. "No, no, not there, that is my note to you; silan here, and here, and heroe. I1 can uhardly see; overything dances beforo mnv eyes. Is It all done lnow?" mIo hardly waited to take the papers aMr. Philbrick had signed for hiam. Then, with out another word, Ilo rushed fromt the room0 and bounded up the stairs. Freedoml safety! oh, thank God, thank Godll IIe could save her yet. A castle on the lthine, a palace in Venice: he would find the rarest homes for her. How sweet tt would be to hide with her. The awful sense of hourly peril would lift from hlis sonul. IIo pmshed open the door of the white chamber. Bertha had been sleeping. The tear marks were on her cheeks that had lost their beautiful flush. She was so disap pointed, poor girl; and yet she never guessed "Wake up, wake up, my darling." dhe started from the bed and fell to weeping on his shoulder. "I , mHed they wero taking me away from yv,.., Philip." But he dried her tears with nerry kisses. "VWe are in tiio yet. The steamer don't go till 3 to-nlght." CHAPTER' XXXIV. UNWELCOME VISITOIIS. The wntchnian at the ntills was not a little surprsed, as he went his llrst round that night,to seen main's figuro leaning against a illar in one of the weave roomts. The fellow id not appear to meanu any harm lihe was not breaking anythlllg or stealing alln cloth, but how coulld lie have foulnld hlls way inside. The watelfman felt a little uneasy inll spite ot himself; it was such a thing as had novel w ablll what business have you got there? But the interloper did not appear to h:c: him. How oddly he looked at the loo:ns, a if they were living things thnt he loved. !1e had not spoken, atl his hant shaded his eyrs. but tile cxpression of the attitude was so plain that even so rude a man as the watch man could read the tender remihisecnco in his heart. Perhaps the fellow might be crazy, but this was no place for hint. Oh! I didn't know you, Mr. Breton. It's a nice evenhtn' sir." But the mill owner did not even answer him. and moved away toward the window lns if llll)lntien at at being interrupted. Thle lmlooi was iall, alill the sky was clear, only for it fev silver edged clouds. One, lie fincisd n s ahi sailing over tie sell bult how slowly it ll;led: elltI. it go no faftesr. All! ldlldenly it pullted illto bright fr:glmlents, tli the wil sentcliered them lpitilssly. lie inikcd across it tli othetor mills: the illllllligll kissed their gri'h wails fondly, alnd sirorkled in their wlindows like a hllldrell l.rillinnI lllls. Win. lhere were his fire escael t , tcli to the winldow coping-liis lirlt lil?s=li' 1oltu llle. Phillip raised the wilndow lind lstlepped oul?lsoe. ?It mst lie lel-rly tHileil for Bertha to co-e ,11h the e-ilrilge, is hle had larranlgedl, tis avoid possible slispilei. \o, there was luil anl houlr et. Ut li.1 Philipl el-ed the swindow behind iiun Idii vent down the silent stnirs. lie welnt it.ll. his ol1ice. Ite would walil there for the caerlige, it would not be very lolig, l uaid thIen there was one Inst dily lihe mlust attend to Before it craste. lie struck n uilItehlll, 1nd the gils shot up so brightly it dnczzl~d his eyes. lie turiied away for aiu in stuillt. A mnassive form stood in the doorway. Philill must hLave left thile counlting rolo01 un lokedi whlen lie Lad conie iiu. hom-e oine had Iillowed hin, ppallrently-. i ut the young mill towi r ltook onily onl steplI toward tile lit tlolltr. It wlas mio strllllangel that crossed Iis threshoihl, hiut a Ilinll whose unIlali wsills bturnuell ilitl hil eart.. It wlasi the righltful (His hair hadl grown lonlg and almost straight iihoultl his l-,ekl. His chleek were thin iind h?ggeard, nil the formlil hilt hl1d been like a prowld ol. was bolhewed its if it haIl Iell u'cighdl dilotw lt a lhlricllt tooL heavy oveni for il giauit to bheal. Pl' ilipsltoppled shortaind looked at lthe ilnnn with s?llechlless terror. lie lund sup lii?sel hi llnt l Inreds of Ililtes away. Coull it be lossille lthe outraged hulsba:nd haLd liever left thlie villn sinco their last meeting? Plerhaps hlis? lishin.?l ieyes had wlatl-hed l'liihilip wpifug his wifoe seclnd tilme, and I?luglldgeld himi his few coll kisses. hlrl'eillaps ito I1nd lweicrd in through the win oars ofl Pophluli's homelll: hld bie llnt la right to look to lisi wife, liind followed telini forth oln every wnill: iull drive, waiting to striko till Ilho llowsihlll d full mIOSt deadly, He halil chosen his tilno well. ]Poor IlilrItn, with herl dreaiis of Colo ain il ('hlllinul. hit twh11 t would lie do? L et)ll 11upon his enely and l:ill 1himt?Thelinn ini tile doorwny lixked leo inile sail ill for such violence; would he thenil heip ll tiltlls uponl1 hinti, the bitterest htunan 1llp over, utlereil Ilut C?lrrll adlie inced? into the ritu. with outst'etclhchl hnald. "lDJn't quit know ate, then, frindl " Phillip hlsi- lito:1 itgaili. Th!'ern night, he a gril,- n iiof holp yetIlh o woulld surllely never hiave giveli the yitin }n ' lian his Liid if he hltnd 1) lllnlwn-or callled (i friend. st "Stlil onei wroto me1 to COlnle. 1 don't klinow wlut? he Wl)lltell,'" CtmIrair t explahied welarily. "lJ'iev ex l el ti s nueh of it Iliuai; they wanit hlimu to iie an lod; anu if 1h0 were thleyi would c'rucify hlihb." Philip was relcoveiing his ciilliposulre, At firsti he hall felt a wild impuls1115o to confess everytlhing to the wroinged husband. lie seiledll :o gralll. Co iiT-tn ianllinoulll ; he would lnuot be rilel. liit thenii sreiluson cmliOllie back to hiin. Ill such a cus'e as thlis there could be o e aiilds. Innoislltllilly, lierthla nd 1Philip halld done hi a tlerr ,ain wroing-nall thel .selves; forgiveness cild not hinblot It oiut. (Godll inll hlias ilrv liglit spallre thii.ii the petiilty of ilifnilll but the iijurc lihusband luld e10 cltlieo jint viniluiltati IllS Iluiupr' wheln lie il.an iu ktoiiisw. "You luook ill,"' said Philip lt lnst, drawliig hiii uant ii liniiir, 5lhinld hIeo det in hi ll Ierihe mli1t -lipts efuore h|1r tiiml sl hreak ill "pan them, tih two mill h"1h fil whmil she hl injuriil till h terribly! Ull thant must nit lillIsti. W'luns linot i hnt ia step in tle pnlls sage nlow I Shiullh hii let Ctuirrin go, t hen I 'flu l si't 1iin lll he niet ws uhi h! liur the s nlo y of hi shiiuiiue iiil1, his nl-ars, lill ilt, 1t the t-allis stiv. l'hilili loouteil slilt into Ihe lasliag. No o011 was tilet,. Caui'riun had ilidoiliell itlto the chanir i'ilip had ulfered hhit. "Do I hxlk ill .' lie ask-l., lushillg his long hlii, buck froim lil fouehead. "Did von esver. love ni wolililll who lhiteil vitsi . Did iyou oeer wuilt to Iolhi:diilI" 3lutr life i' ri1 mel" ai .o tiiit shodeslshiiud-viu t Ysdu kmuas weinili t lilelill. Why 1 once "fleiii l you uidslhe iwse livers, liil she taid 1i15 hot. I lilt, Ilerlhn." He <loke 2iI1 w ii (pilh'l?' n thrill o shliimo 'ife. 1l:iil lmuitit us mgh Ilhei" toi slc-ilk her it--ill ei.-rthl " ''$;,i ultim il-ft l"1i1' Uilr'all inout oil irn the hihiercats Veil, huht if 1I u-tl 'i.ii at-I, her nlyw, I hlivi sumilih it m nlimge fcelimhg ihat I sight wihl hem len-l. Sio iimiiik- such a len iler saietheai'i." ThJln hle liftel lils eves aioro iluinly to Plhilip'is face, ret like a wall of. lock. "Js there iaimy tiouble among your \- .ce, they hiave Ihlmig all ci:l,- ers hi lay ".It nmuat hlvs hieen that whicslh n11111o tihat selind foir 1iie, T 11t11 hoill, ,,or foniiiii, I hardl"y lhouil turill-it ni iiidi?l c comilulm-telye Whan Is thelit liloilt 15 lit-Ii il iou ever thiilk of iti Oillf ciinotl lv:tient," lnlranll Cu'l- l elilted to Iiialuno nil ettoirt to dimiliimho all Ihioglihts ofl her tit inilalilnllnled hiniii. s.iou nceildm't ho afraid of ale: I t hlullght .you seemiieid I little sti'age 1hililI luitrled involinitaril-, bIlt ?.urrac: oantiunedi hi "hi'aa't euvnuaago any strikes Igsinst you. God will bless your life for youir work for the poor. If hae hasn't yet, he will give you a haplier love than Ihe has tgiven ule.' Tllhen he reso with lewenergy to Iis feet. "I itust go alld I op the mischief. [ can do more with your laborers for good or oill tliune m mnn i in th world. I cupposo they ny I:e i the hall tot-niight ' '"Yes.' But Philip ihurrieCtup to hhi nod laid his hand otn hIis trlu. "Lut dotnt go, not "I must. Shall you ln here long? Well, I will see you ingnil Ito-light." "(iol grant. inot"ll lurtureil Philip Ulretot, as the door -losed after him. Tlhen Phllip tinlocked thie gret afe inl swuniiig uhnek its green door of irion. Ile took oat a imiket iand tloekedl the siiie again. and corned his piekeel lrck to hlis otliee. ie nIirn'ed the _its still higher ind hell thle pncht in the flainu till all that twas left of it was ia little hleap of charred paper on the hfl?r-all that was left of Philip Breton's will. With that et lihe closed utp, as lie lelieved, all thaint part of his lifo aw'rthy to bie rememnbered. le was young and strong,lhtthe lhad failed. Ifence forth hie must lotok oni while others worked. Fate had taken his work away frotl hin. He must sit back oni the scats with the wvoiien and children, and look oe and applaludwhen great deeds were doing. HIe would luivce liked to work,. too; but perhaps others wouitld do his work better. "Lhlls, hallo, Phil, don't "yon work pretty liter' It was Gildings, the lawyer, iiin it co: ditiotrof decided intoxication. "I'll bet yer dolllar you don't know wnihat I cameno fol hle, his, Ih; you thinlk niloey; donll't you; itlore iuoneyl Bllt I aint that sort of a teller." Philip had been tienphly disgusted at first, but there seemed a terrible leer iin e hedr'ltuien eyes. Could it boe tile ma111 had coito tex pose him? What was the use of struggling against his destinty anit longer? If he could have gone yeste laay, he would luarv saved all risks. flut he bha waited just too long. C'urran had returnedto claim his wife. June SEllingseworth had discovered everything. •iud now this Giddings in his drunkard's liolisluiess was threatening what ruin lie aould bring. "You aire not going to do nnything rush are y-ou," said Philip, dropping his eyes in hunliliationl. But Giddings came close to hlitl and laid his hand onil is slloultlder. Then hlie ut is face close to.Philip's, with a drutilkein uni s false nleasucre of distalnce. The yotung imant writhed at his touch, and hild his breath to avoid taking the hot funles of lxltl liquor the fellow exhallled. But he did not dare to anger the low creature. "Dih you think," continued iddtlings with gushlig reproiaehfolness, '"that I Iatit got illy collsciellce? Yeou're dllot' wrollg i. Breton. I aint got no right--no right to let it go on. Did you think I aint got no COinScieneo}" Philip shook hint off and his face grow so lerriblh that the fellow wiuced as lie had ?ono before at that look. "Doe.'t strike-don't kill me, Phil-Tfr.. Breton, I.was only jokin'-can't you toll when a ,im.'s jokin'. Got any money 'bout clothes, say j50; 'm awful hard up. I wouldn't hurt you; your altogether too nice feller." lie leered aflectionately at the young man, then suddenly he winked frightfully. Philip threw him a roll of bills. It was lieo last blood money the scoundrel would ever draw. By to- morrow morning Philip Breton and his wife would be beyond the reach of harm, or beyond the reach of help, ont or the other. "There is $100; takeit and go, I have business." "Ten, twenty, and twenty makes thirty ten, and twenty and twenty, hero aint" but $80. Thought I's too drunk to coon' did yollt" "There is $10' Ihlere." "'S liea Yer akin' vantage noe cause I'm This creature imusthe away if it cost $1,000. ite crowded another 820 bill into the fellow's clammy bhand. '? Iow go, or you'll stny longer than you want to." Uiddings dried his tears and gathered his Slimp joints together to o.. But he insisted onl Philip's shaking hands. ' But even after 4lildings had got into the hall Philip heard the fellow muttering to himself. He stepped hurriedly to the door of his aflire to catch the word, but could not. If Philip had been a little quicker he would have heard this: "Somthin' tiup I ain't so drung but I ca' ewo that* Guess sil g'up to the boy's house. tlis wife 'li know me, he, he, lie." a Woult Bertha never come? If they escaped inow it must be but by a hair'sbrendth. Ituin wouldl be close upon them. For the adjust ment of a ribbon she would sacrifice every thlling. It seemedul a great while since Curran had left the ofilco for the labor meeting, and he lhad not so fa' to go. Something might have dclayed'the terrible disclosuto for a few tIuonentts, buit by ttis timne hlie must surely hltvo heard the whole story of his slhaleo and dishonor, It would stir hint to madness. His nloble eyes would flasll lightnings, and thun derbolts lof hate and scorn would drop from hi lips,. No lntman being could standagainst the divino dligity of stlch a mnan's righteous wrath. Philip fancied the mob sweeping up the road behind this outraged husband, seek ing out his wife for the dooim that would satisfy lils mad thirst for vengeance. BNow, perihtups, tIhey were bursting in the gates, ntow breaking down the oaken door. And Philip could not be there to protect the beautiful womlan who hlad onlysinned through love for him. How the color would flee her checks as she Igokel poit on the p}itiless faces of thi fl:neieieil'?niob, T re was no armo nowto hlield helr Inone butt Currani's, whose love was now eiablittered into hateo. There was no pity in his white, wasted feee, only insulted love, only scorn tlhat could grind her fair life, with out oiio throb of tenderness, beneath his feet. : Why did soe not cometl Philipl was almost wihl wi nith tigled terror and hope. He walked the room like a caged lion. Now he rushed to the loor altl glanced desperately up and down the street. ) His horses were elahinping their bits at her door. but t he light yet burned ill her cham ber..There wea hlardly time to catch the train at the Lockout station. The wild inob with the natlddeted lover, the most terrible of enelmies, at their hend would be at her door in a nllo fent. Slill other dangers Philip hli not guess threw a gatherilng shadp,? etoss'!trl plath, Buitshb jingerc yet}... CI[HAPTER XXXV. A IOPUI'AIR LEADER, MIlketo hall wIsl full of exolted workmen when Cuirranl Iphed the door open and stelped n, I. ono would be orator had been tryiig to voice the wrongs of the people, but whleu the whislper tan along the seats that Currall ivwas at tlhe door every Iiead was turnedl. 'Then, as if hvy a comlnlon impulse, the whllole nudielnce ros, to their feet, and the bitilting seemedi to trenlble with the cheer that burst fro the brawy thbr troats. Here vwas all orator indceed, n man who could set before Ilthem their sutlerings anid wringthct' hearts with self pity; who &o0ld; ~na pt sp? ][0 I'do ? sIun i viil itt tis aislo o Ith tiiollie graeetngi..ftr his tfri'tlo as, tlie is sliuile wiS sO i aitud o0 tlt tesbae?"yoe ,,old he evoe, y bgint The oaptohfnrnit h ad tartit'ict hue fuerl u tea'dt in.Ilto wetilid but thi ghost of hill ornilo t o p lagnii oeeut, i ntl it1ot bohi. T he Po ittle tltheoratl int an wgiai aud thseo et tl rer ]Ae1tsnol tIto he"ir ses?etin the ena erlnss to see tlcir o lero, Thta all w lclil their beitth to lie oell' eVi11 thoe gulhio t i h galhery stopelld Illiel.i eitoti whilisllenig wltFlo they wviiited for Ills grtanst rillgilg toes thuat had triluhied t(le filstteet hlearts so many times hefore. WVould le ievesr begus? "What I istle ssteetilsl fori' 'ho oiator his coeuing had ibterrrupted, was only too glad to explain. "Wre don't get our rights. WVo get a little, but that's all, hitt wo sean to fetch ths ' Ashtiut of oager ast?ot wotat ati fro'n the e6ihdvd; TIlt nl wsas still agnal. Irow would t1115no thiS ttliltelt of wartle o? fl ll0te. Y'es, Ctlsiutl hiad steppeol4 forwiaard to the ve'ty edge of thoplhtforti, in Ills old habit. Biut whio was t(ie fellow with bauuaged, head pusnlilng his wa.y so rildely uqe tho matn aisle, as if he bore tsdinis ? mtniust be ill tdintis to utaa. hbt insiuch heats, lut CurMahabedu begunt speL@ .. "You are making a mistake. my frienas a great mistake. The youngdmaster has done wetl Iby you, and he will do better, if you will give him time to think.o Such mighty ides as have got into his mind can't be stoppld. pThey will not lot him lalt long; heo nmust be swept forward. But you must wait for hitm. You have waited for your cruel and heartless masters thousands of years. Will you onliy show yourselves impatient and insolent to the first one who shows himself kitntl toward you? Do you want to make his unlalo an example and a warning for his clnss. I have heard their scoffs and taunts already-the air is fell of them. Look, tlhey soan at heo way the people treat the man who tries to help them. Friends, you are making a terrible llstake.a" Bt h Curra had begunto speak. The light of the mlan's noble genius had fluslcd his pale cheeks and flashed beauti fully in his steel blue eyes. His voice, that had seeLsmedi weak and unsteady as he be gunl, rang out its bell like tones again ashe saw the sullen faces soften under his match less power. "He has made your village blossom by his love: lie has brought smiles to your weary clildren's faces; h ae ls planted hope in a thousand desperate hearts. Do you ask me how I knowtl se it in your eyes. I see it lanthe away your hes!ls rest on your broad shoulders. Anid will you use your new manhood to do him inJuryl" But the mlan with the bandaged head had reached the platform, and at this very mo ment, when the orator paused to let his meaning sink into the hearts of the people, he touched Curran on the shoulder and whis. oered a few hurried we-'- in him su. The people saw their hero's face blanch. Hr turned to the fellow with a look that would break a smail's leart, Uand seemed to be asking hint it question. As the agitator lis teinstl to the reply his knees trembled under hini and he sank into a chair, and still the messenger of evil bent over him and kept whispering with poiso:lous blreatl into Ihis ear. At last Billes stiodi back front his vic tlt who bowed his head upon his hands. Ci?tl''an's whole body shook with the violence of his passion. ThoI aert ?people waited. They know noth ing elso to ldo. Their hero might have died before them, theys' would never have thought to stir fromn their seats. But lie rose at last, and Bailes grinned diabolically behlind him. They would hear another story now, "Friends, you have heard what I said." Hlo sloke as if a l'reat weight was upon himl and lis voie cateo slowly. "I repeat it, be patient witl your young master; he lealns well by y fell." r But Baliles rushed forward and, tearing the Ibandages front his head. threw theml upon the rlatfornm at his feet. Disease had settled in lhis bhrises and his face was frightfully swollenl and disfigured. Hie mnight have been a ghoul or a gnome instead of a human being. s^ "teovengo him, men," he screamed, throw ing ui lis arms, "if yoeu have ant- spirit in you. I have just told hlimn-somie of you know itr-low that boy has stole his wife and spit on the laws, as if they were not for the ricth like him." It was more like a groan than a shout that vent up from the crowd before him, which olyly waited a word front the bowed, broken man they loved, to becoime a bloodthirsty mob. Vauld hlie give them that wordl He Ihad leaped to his feet and thlrnosti oiit his long right ama ill its granulldest gesture, and the muirmurniit' of the peoplo died downl, His fice was as white as a dleald lalls's, til ashy white, bhit his eves lanshed lightning. "Whilose wrng is it tlhen, this hiicdous crea ture's or lmiline I will settlUe ly own griev ances, I need no lob to' ri"ht lo." Then Curran paused it is momensit. 1i'hel he begnll again it was inl a lower tonle. "Besidles, the mau is wrongi," Ilis voice trembled like a child's. "I have nio-iino," he almost broke downe , "I have ino wifo-I nuta-1 aln not well, I mllst go to inly bel, but before I go I waut to be sure you will make io mistake- to-niglit or to-morrow." Ile folded his arms aeross Ilis broad chest nt in sublime effort of self control. His blood boiled in iliad fever, every nlolinenlt wins worth a worldl to hits, agiolizilg pictuires floated before hisdininied vislons, lsit Ih Bllvould not stir fron his post till bes hr) conqluered this nob, "Philip B3reton hat shown himself fair to youl, be fair with him. It hlie never did alotlier thing for yos-lihe-ho hais yet deserved your--yoour patience. You will excuse moe now I will see you to-morrow butI tleed rest. Ciu I dlepend oil y)ou'l He did nlot even look at theml his attitude, as he 1wvitehl with downcast eyes, was of a ltan wilo talks in his sleep. P "Yes-yes," shouted the people, anti then lhe turned andl steplped ot fro the pilatflorm. I He calse downl the aisle very stranlgely. At first lie would hurry and notice no olle. Thun, as if by a Ilighty effort, he wouldswalk very slowly, then faster again. Then he would stop short and put out his hand to some perfect stranger. Mausy eyes waclled himn cluriouslyv ulis fit separated froln his eager., friilsd i lp lipl otl of the hall nird walkes ?j??dtlld"i RPwy, If Cuirra l had turlie(l offat to Ihli'onl that led to 1Jillisll t1l'ttilll house on the hill lie would Ilot ltive gosne far alone, but he did not even loclo tlhat way so long as the half tamedl nob couldl see him, And thie people scattered in dli?sllinlsus(ullt to their holacs. lins tilurra?l is 150 lougerwalking in his first diretIelou ; lies turned on his heel and made a route for himself across thefilelds. His face is Ioinited toward the lights that yet shine dounsi at hint from the stone housoon the hill. Anud the roads are not straight enough for the errand he is oni, nor is walking fast enloughl, loe breaks into a run. Now he falls over a low fence so violently that a limb (might have been broken, but he 0nlyg?e?." i Lhat andl riiss on, his long iWoa gy over hits pale set face p I 110;ils a ii"? beatl comies li t.l itxal fingeof a loeomotive; lio cUss l "b lullie er throb louder than his foot WVhat does lie seek? What will he do when he looks again on his folthless und dishonored wife Iand il tIasltj il who 1na piut this dead nIisLf n slnsupou h liul uPunllshmentcan wipe Ollt uolhling, veistlgsw o never assuaged one pisng tf hlllllin aniguish yet. But mercy or lily or reason are fled from llis maddened soul to-night, while the furies whip him on. CHAPTER XXXVI. TOO FOND A IIUBBAND. The drunlken lawyer very nearly fell as ihe tiled to step of tlhe countin g room piazza, asitd allost Iinlalse ui his liilid it wotld he mlore desirable to lie down in some soft spot alld go to slee l, thasn take the long w3k hi lhad set hhnself., But the cool brLoo sh c .fd to refresh him imarvelqlltsyl aiy i?nIilantler niosellnt lie tcslssi l tllie rtw Holow under Lthi ~ lilt hnl?"ili laokoidso illvltlig, and lmtt'riets -llp tovnirl Philip Dretos' asouse. }Io hiolok lls hcIoas wisely as he wvalked. It took a pitsty sunart man to get ahead of loh011 tiddinigs, drunk or sober. The young !uill owners' walsin't leanrly as frightened as usual. Honmcthing was int the wind. Iel ought to have wntched lhim closer lately, but Giddings concludedl he was ill ag'tllse y et 'ith Breton at olin ptail of t to vllsage, his wifo at thle ptiu'i alid lcusift thi acute l?3%?Ta" bIe\vieoi' thelnl, uP j a" iad wlked a? far as Silas ('t bst onstinuesd) 