? WHEN WE WERE BOYS. lo JOHif DlWON—In 1IEMOBY OF I5IIOUS TEAE8 AND GLOEIOU8 HOPES. OHAPTEE XXXVIII.—{Continued.) Br WILLIAM O'BRIEN, M.P. ' I PEECIEVE that the Attorney-General gmileB at the sweep as an antagonist,' roared Mat, who had been leading tip to this situation, and who, after passing the eye-glass through his lips and through his handkerchief with increditable rapidity, dashed it into his eye, and pro* ceeded to gorgonise Glascock through it. •I wonder will that beatific smile continue when I promise him that it is not the sweep,, hut it is his prisoner, his victim, that will confront him at the door of every honest elector of this county and will challenge a verdict between the regehade Poot of the Pike and the gallant young Irishman into whose heart he iB going to thmBt that pike one of these days in Green-street for a Government feeP' (The Court House shook with passion.) ' Where be your smiles now, Toby P' cried Mat, directing the monocle like a pitiless burning-glass upon the Attorney- General's ashen face. ' Are you as much afraid to meet the ghosts of your prisoners as you are to meet the ghosts of your own songs P Yes, fellow-countrymen,' he continued,fronting the audience with his mellow, rolling voice,' we can't honour Ken Rohan by sending him to that Imperial Cesspool in Westminster— we can't serve Ireland by sending him or anybody else there—but we can whip a renegade, we can scourge a humbug, we can avenge our imprisoned comrades if we cannot save them; and, if you agree with me'—the louvred lights in the roof were set clattering again by the tumultuous sound-waves—' then, by God, we will!' he exclaimed, bringing down his fist with a tremendous bang. The effect was electrical. The young men hugged him, and hugged one another, in a sudden frenzy of delight. ' Does any elector second the nomination P' piped the Bheriff, hammering the ink-bottle against the desk before him for silence. Suddenly there was an embarrassed, pause. The young men looked at oiie another uneasily. 'Pooh! they won't find a seconder,' said the Attorney-General, rapidly recovering his spirits. ' I can still catch the five o'clock.' There was a painful, choking sort of buzz among the crowd as of some great inim&l; breathing stertorously. The qualification for county electors was a nigh one; the fiery youngsters had no votes; and most.of the householders among them were only electors for the city. Con Lehane would have given hiB heart's blood to second the nomination ; but his heart's blood was not on the register of voters. Mat Murrin's eye-glass mad© a circuit of all the fathers of families in court, and fixed the burning glass on the trembling little gentleman whose only craving in life was a tidewaitership and peace. The little man quivered like a reed, but made ho response. Another county elector whom he espied, a fiat grazier, was seized with a violent attack of influenza. ' I don't exactly see what the delay is about, Mr. Sheriff,' said the Attorney- General, a little testily. 'I ask you to declare the result.' 'It is necessary for me to go through the proper form, said the High Sheriff, stiffly. He was a bit nettled by this peremptory tone. 'I have to ask once more does-any-elector of the county second the nomination of Kennedy BohanP" 'Yes,' said a voice from the background, 'I do.' All eyes turned to a little scene of commotion behind the group of priests at the back of the bench, where somebody Was making his way to the front. All the blood in Monsignor M*Grudder's body seemed to rash to his brain in insurrection when he saw the old withered apple face and weatherbeaten green coat of Pr. Phil! 'This is the Doctor's doing,' he gasped to a View Forane sitting next him. Fr. Phil appeared to be in a mighty state of terror mder the eyes of the world while he elbowed his way through ranks of scandallied and frowning squires. But onoe firmly planted in front, he •poke with as muoh composure as if bis toot was <m the top of Cnoeaunaeurraghc o °uh. ' I am sorry,' he sail iLi e i^as "jbody else io relieve me of, this duty. I am an old man, and I am only an humble curate, and it isn't much 16an do 5 but, no matter what they say, Ken Houan is a, good boy and a brave Irishman, and I'd rather Stand by his side before the Great Throne hereafter than with those that are prospering now by prosecuting and defaming him and his cause.' There; was a simple earnestness in these words that made them seem almost to come from on high; their effect was indescribable; the ministerialists around the Attorney- General shrank back as if a bolt from heaven had passed close to them and scorched them; the young men tore forward, and kisBed the old priest's hands and the green sleeves of his old overcoat. The show of hands, of course, was all on one side. Not a hand was raised for the Attorney-General except Monsignor M'Grudder's and the Baronet's from the ice-fields. Hans Harman, who was standing up in a quiet corner behind, exchanged a benevolent wink with Mat Murrin. The little, trembling gentleman could not have got his hand above his ears for all the tide-waiterships of Somerset House. The fat grazier's influenza took a violent turn for the worse. But Monsignor M'Grudder held up his hand like another Moses in a losing battle with a fine si fractus illabatur orbis air. ' Is a poll demanded for the Attorney- General P' asked the Sheriff, with a face of the utmost solemnity. ' Yes, of course,' cried the Attorney- General, a little sulkily. ' The thing is really too absurd. Of course they won't be able to lodge the expenses ; but, confound it, I've missed my train, and the Special Commission begins next Monday.' 'Now,' remarked Hans Harman to himself, as he rubbed his long, white hands, ' there will be a better chance of bringing Glascock to business. Mat Murrin,' he said, pleasantly, 'you're a confounded, rebel, and we'll thrash you like old boots; but all the same, that was a capital hit of yours—capital.' 'Hans Harman,' replied Mat, fixing him with the oracular eye-glass and speaking with much deliberation,' you're a confounded scoundrel, every inch of you, and you'll be hanged by the neck some , day if there's an ounce of justice going; but all the same, you're not quite such a humbug as Toby.' Mat Murrin had really intended no more, when he entered the court-house, than, in his own phrase, to ' give Toby a squeeze in the leg'—to have a rhetorical fling against the ex-patriot and present Crown Prosecutor. He had been carried away by his own eloquence, and by the heady enthusiasm of the young men, into committing himself and them, to a contest such as he would have never in his wildest moments deliberately provoked. Few as are the years that separate us from those times, it is almost impossible in our own,days of daring and triumphant democracy to realise what a piece of insanity it seemed to run an unknown young rebel with one foot on the steps of the gallows for the immense county of Cork against all the allied influence. o£ the. priests and landlords. When Monsignor M'Grudder declared to a meeting of the Attorney 'General's committee that 'this wanton contest was being forced on the county by a parcel of wild boys and drunken men as a sheer bit of blackguardism,' he expressed the feeling^of-all sane• middle-agedpersons with any pretensions to gentility, or to what ' is called ' a stake in the country.' That the conflict at the polls should be anything more, than a sham battle, if not a pure farce, was simply, inconceivable. The bulk of the county electors were comfortable farmers of staid and cautious habits, who had been tsught to regard Fenianism as a conspiracy, accursed of God and man, to confiscate their farms and undermine their religion. These men bad been Accustomed to go in flocks like sheep to the polls, either to vote tweedledum under the escort of their clergy,, or to vote tweedledee under the whip of their landlords; and now these shepherds.of the people were united in directing Hieir flocks to the folds of the Attorney- General. The accepted theory on all tides was that the farmers were ft selfish, hard-fisted tribe, to whom Ireland represented no idea except so much grasslandand so many head or cattle to grace it That such men, for a Quixotic sentiment, should set die united clerical and landlord influence «t defiance, and of their free will elect an unknown young firebrand from the county gaol, was too absurd for discussion; while as for any violent pressure from the mob, the county was crouching under the terror of an invisible military occupation, and li the more dangerous spirits were in prison or fled. The conteBt was, of •ourse, a horrible vexation for Glascock. The. Special Commission for the trial of the leaders of the rising was on the point of commencing its sittings j and here h'e was chained down to the work of canvassing a county as large as a province. Then there was Mr. Hans Harman preparing to constitute himself his agent with plenipotentiary powers, and pressing him unpleasantly as to terms; and attorneys, committee -:room vendors, publicans, and minor sharks rose up in squads, in companies, in regiments to divide his wealth like a horde of diggers making for a new gold field. The Attorney. General was appalled to think of the thousands of bright gold pieces that were about to be dug out of his bowels. ' There is an easy way out of it,' suggested the invaluable Harman. 'Mat Murrin has a rabbit- warren of children, and is as needy as a Bankruptcy Court beggarman. Let me. dump down five hundred if he'll withdraw his man.' ' My dear fellow,' said the Attorney- General, wringing his hand and almost weeping for jov,' yoa understand how impossible it is for me in my position^——' 'Quite so. I understand,' said Harman, and straightway took a car to Mat Murrin's hotel and made the proposition. Mat stared hard at him. He had just been cogitating how to pay his hotel bill, as a preliminary to the more grandiose difficulty where to get the large sum the Sheriff would require to have lodged before ordering a poll to be taken. The absolute desperateness of the enterprise hejhad undertaken did not fully present itselrao his mind until he found that the cash actually on'his person, after paying for -his bed and breakfast, with a few humble items of brandy and soda, would not enable him to indulge in the extravagance of dinner, unless fortune provided him with some hospitable friend with an idle knife and fork. He was in a deeply depressed condition, and just in the mood the Tempter would have chosen. He hesitated for a few minutes, the greed of gold plainly glittering through the eye-glass. At last the struggle was over. ' Done 1' he said, doggedly. ' It is a bargain. Down with the money.' Harman chuckled ever so discreetly over his own knowledge of human nature. Within an hour he had returned from the bank with the roll of notes. ' Of oourse,' he said,' I'll take your word for it that on reoeipt of these notes you will go at once to the Sheriff's offioe and withdraw your man.' ' You have my word for it,' said the other, gloomily. Mat counted the notes eagerly. So much wealth had never been in his hands except in dreams. He fingered the notes as if they were godlike spirits that might at any moment flutter away through the ceiling. But it was necessary to put a cool face on things. * It appears to be all right—them fifty-pound notes are. very handy things,' he remarked, airily, as he folded the bundle and deposited it in state in the depths of his breast-pocket, like an. East India Company annexing a rich province. Then he mounted the eye-glass once more, and directed it upon Harman. ' Now,' said he, ' I'm going to do what Toby Glascock did,' 'And what's thatP' asked Herman, delighted to .find things working so gaily. ' I'm going to break my word.' Harman staggered back, siok. * Only it will be in a better cause,' proceeded Mat. ' Glascock broke faith with a confiding people for the sake of his own carcass. I'm going to break faith with a snivelling renegade to avenge that same confiding people.' 'You don't mean to say you won't do what you promised to do P ' Did the author of the Pike Song do what he promised to dof I'm going straight to the Sheriff's office, as you stipulated, bnt I'm going to lodge Ken Bohan's share of the Sheriffs expenses; and, if you want to bB laughed out of the county, I'll be bappy to explain in a letter tb the newspapers to-morrow morning to whom the national cause is indebted for the necessary supply of banknotes.' Harman looked wretchedly green and downcast, '8ome coned ill-luck is coining over me of late,' he said to him-! self, grinding his shiny teeth. ' Who'd ever nave thought this blown winding) would bave made such a hitf You've •got the odd trick this ''time,' he said' aloud, with a ghastly affectation of his usual manner. ' If you publish it, I'll break every bone in your body. Keep the money, and be damned!' ' Faith, no—I'll keep the money and be some day or other the subject foi a national statue,' said Mat, gfetaially. ' Hans Harman, you were never a sensible man, or I'd invite you to jbin the boys and myself in a small drain of Toby's own whisky—and though its myself that says it, you never read anything purtier in DemostheneB than you'd hear if you'd just step in and hear me propose Toby's health upside down, as the devil reads Scripture.' And now commenced a battle whieb, like the irruption of Dumouriez' shoeless, ga-iraing hordes, defied all the ruleB of regular electoral war. Mat Murrin and his ragged Etat-Major went fia-iraing over the country, whirling to Mallow by the morning train, breaking the opposition windows in the afternoon, entering Mitchelstown in the thick of a torchlight procession in the evening, and tracked with bonfires all along the borders of Tipperary far into the midnight ; then diving into a supper of cold turkey and ham in some friendly' strong farmer's' parlour, singing songs, proposing toasts, or stretching themselves in their great frieze coats on the hearthrug, until dawn came again to send them thundering away towards Youghal, with a green flag flying, and a key-bugle waking the glens, and an irregular chorus of wild halloos from the mountain cabins as they passed. Ethan Allen and his Green Mountain Boys never played stranger pranks ' in tbe name of the Great Jehovah and the Continental Congress.' There was no conducting agent ;|there were no committeerooms but the open market places; the regiment of attorneys, who were supposed to be as indispensable in managing an election as a doctor in dealing with an apoplectic seizure, were represented by one daredevil young solicitor, whose only fee was a full share in whatever speechmaking, bugle-blowing, and punchdrinking was going. But it was noticed that no electors took part in the meetings, except as mute spectators; the farmers remained tongue-tied. In some districts, where eoolesiastios of the old school denounced Mat and his Btaff roundly from the altars as strolling agitators in the pay of the Castle, even the mob was against them. In one or two rural places they bad to fly for their lives. ' Show me a decent man's name at their meetings,' exolaimed Monsignor M'Grudder, triumphantly in one of, kia speeches. ' Whom have they with tbofcl except the rag-tag-and-bobtul P'/. 'The rag-tag-and-bobtail carried tie Bastille, retorted Mat, quoting the phrai » from the top of a waggonette, '«uid they had all the monsignors ag'iiil'gt them, as well as the Swiss musketeers.' Nor was the clergy altogether an unbroken phalanx, either. A.t a meeting of the Bishops, the new Bishop of Clonard, whose brief of appointment had jubt arrived, maintained an obstinate silence while a manifesto denouncing . the wickedness andimpiety of the opposition, to the Attorney-Genaral was being confectioned. The other' Bishops vfaie skintly, peace-loving old gentlemen, who could remember what it was to be 'a Papist in the Pre-Etnancipation dayB, and were lost in thankfulness for a state of government under whioh Catholic churches, schools, oonvents, judges, magistrates, and whatnot were multipl^-. ing and possessing the land. Taey could not possibly conceive what objbot there could be in interrupting this blessed process except that evil men, fbr unhallowed purposes of their own, desired to infect the unstained youth hi Ireland with the soepticism and itreverence which bad wrought suoh havoc with religion and society in other landjs. When it came to aquestion of signing the manifesto, Dr. O'Harte for the «t tinta broke silence. ' I cannot do it,' be said. *I am only a newcomer, and I have too much respebt for your lordships' venerable character to do anything to oppose your action. I will remain neutral; but that is the utmost I can conscientiously do.* "* (To be continued) Loan CULSOAETY was comparatively little known in London, as be generally resided at Oarbally. In addition to bis English and Irish titles be possessed a Dutch marquistie. By his death tady Donlo, who formed one of Mr. Harris* staple attractions in the hat Drary Lane pantomime, not only beMMs Oondtess oi Claooarty, lint la in Holland Marchioness of Aleusden. > 