SUNDAY SERVICES. [?] The -Kev Dr M Uay preached on'Komans, 8th chapter, 28th verse— "And we know that all things work together for good to them that love find, to- them whrt' ar« Lhft r.n.1 1 nri nfirnrrlinG M Hi8"lpnrpqse." .The Christians were, at first, werknow, tho.object of . persecution, both among the: heathen and; the Jews. Yet their utmost troubles and losses- were to work together for their good. This is true, regarding sufferings of all kinds, and even' of the consequences which are permitted to/follow transgression, in tho case of'jiehitehts who suffer in this life, although the sin is forgiven. The good : towards which all things work is nothing else than the conformity of the Christian to the image of Christ, the re demption of body and soul, and of the material world itself ; from . the ; bondage of corruption. The-Bible begins by. proclaiming God as Creator, and, therefore; all things in their original nature must -be good: ..The revolt of mnn from God is the cause of all the miseries which he endures. But God, who, as the Supreme Ruler, associates tho penalty with the sin, remains supreme, both in Providence and Grace. It is because all powerl belongs Jto Him, , that . good is the final outcome of all suffering to those who learn to love Him. The absolute, uncontrollable supremacy of a Being perfect in lovo and justice is the guarantee of tho final well-being of the world. By this faith we are delivered from the fatalism „whiph takes possession of men's minds, wh'ont they,', 'dwell exclusively on tho laws of naturef tfip. ; prevalence" of moral evil, heredity and environment. These are not supreme, however; potent, and .do not Hinder God from interfering to redeem and save. He can lift men out i of bondage of overy kind, and this is grace. Wliatf we-need 13 that we lay hold of His strength by. faith'. aFor faith is nob the empty form which many : make it, .but the soul's appeal, under a conviction of itspqiverlessnoss to the unexhausted stfe'rfgth'f.Gpdj.'bfpaglib near in Christ— an appeal which, is never .made in vain when it is made in'iarnest. Then tho man is brought into the glorious, liberty,, of p. child. after the pattern of the holy freedom! of Christ. Tlie grace in the Diyiue:- Father- goes forth to rescue from denth in .'answer ito the pry from tlie depths of the human? heart in response1 to the look whioli ex- pLBBsua tjKu-uespmr, as one pensmng in a stormy sea., "It repents Him concerning men wheii He'seetli that' their; power is one. " i-OHRISI CHURCH. Tho Rev.vE.- A. -Crawford ; preached in tlie evening upon. 2nd Kings, 2nd chapter, 3rd verse — Knowost thou that the Lord will take away thy master fro'm thy head .to-day ! And ho said — ' Yea,',;I know it;' hold ye. your peace.' " Tho circumstances of ElijalTs'departure seem to fore- shridow'the Ascension of our Lord which was com memorated last .Thursday. ' We know that- our Master's visible-prcspnce ha3 been taken from us, but 'we rejoice," for we know that , it was His triumph. He, graciously delayed His final de parture for 40 days after. His resurrection, so as to -provide -His people, and especially His apostles, - who were to be foundations of His Church, with -"'many infallible proofs " of tho truth- of His ' resurrection, and also in order to give 'them/directions, "speaking of the things pertaining toytho Kingdom of God." They returned, after the Ascension, to Jerusalem with great,' joy.'.'" Labours. and sufferings over earth could, not longer detain the Conqueror from Heaven—His sure home, and "the right-hand" of God. And' before Elijah ascended he smote tha i Jordan, and ' made a- way through on dry laud,' and /so our Lord,- before His Ascension, overeamedoatlb' which the Jordan typified. He led captivity 'captive, and death was chained behind His- triumphal Car. Henceforth, to a true/Christian,. Death's stirig is removed. The only trouble jis. that caused by boreavement. If wo /could, all die at once then death would hare no terror, at', all for; Christians. But even St Paul iyhon asserting,. that, to depart and bo with Christ . is, far better, is constrained to add "yet to abideiin-.the. flesh- ismore-needful for your sakeriM -Christ-has left us the mantle with which He 8mote the river of death. Once mpre Elijah at his! departure' gave a. "double portion (i.e. a first-hdr'n 'son'a inheritance) of his spirit to Sn GJiriRfc left tlie enrtli fnr fhn unru purpos'eof bestpying the Holy Ghost upon His people.' .. '> If" I .go not away the Paraclete will not , come,. unto, youi" , This, however, is noxt Sunday's subject. ,. To-day we rejoice in our Saviour, 's, .triumphant Ascension, and in our share therein. ,.. 