THE STORYTELLER UNWELCOME EE-APPEAR. ANCE. Br L.L. i« ir.i n . % * « .. " Make it eight belte! Go below, the star, board watch !' A few minutes later, and eight men eat on eight Bea-chests, looking hungrily across one another. Between them lay an enrnti meat-kid*. In » box alongside were K biscuits, black and honeycombed with weevil holes. Dinner was over in the Sardanapalua fo c stle, but still her starboard watch cinreA hungrily at each other. e ared " I've lost two good stone since I jined this starvation hooker!" presently growled one. " I ain't never full, and 1 kin feel them cussed wormsouto' the bread a-crawlin' abont in my stummick like so many snukeses." " Same 'ere, matey," cliimed in another " A mouthful o' salt liorse an' a bite o' rotten bread for brcakfus, ditto for dinner, an' a soldier's supperf; with lime-juice an' winegar chucked in, nccordin' to the hack£, ain't to say fattenin '' That's wot's the matter, when the skipper finds the ship," remarked athird. " Yergita yer whack, an' ye gits nae mair, as the Scotch ies liases it." " We doesn't even get that itself," pot in another, wlio was sitting 011 the edge of his bunk. " That yaller hound of a steward gives short weight all round. Lord !" lie con tinued, " only to think that, this time last year, 1 was a-smackin' my chops over mutton uns, an' full an' plenty of everythiu' in the llostrnlian bush! What a ass I was to leave it! One'd think there was some sort o' damned magic in the sea to be able to draw a feller a thousand miles down from good times, good tuclcer, good pay, an" all night in, with a spree whenever you'felt lit" " Too good, BiUy, altogether," piped up a grey-headed old chap. " An' tint's what's the matter. You gits up the bush, you gits as fat as a bacon hog, you lives like a gentle man, an' in the long run, it don't agree with your constitooshun. You gits the boil §, an* your hair turns a sort o' dandy-grey russet-colour, and you misses the gravy-eyeil trick at the wheel, an' you misses the jumpin' out o' a wet hunk, all standin' in wet clothes, and the hissle o' the gale i» your ears, an' the woof o' the cold water over your ljoot-tops an' down the small o' your back as ye comes ashiverin' an' ashakin'011 deck, You've bin used to this sorto' thing all your life. Hilly, an' your liver an' all the other innard parts gives notice when they're atired o* the soft lyin' and the good livin' up country, an' drives ye hack to the old life an'the old ways agin. That's where the magic comes in, my son." After this there was silence for a while. Each man's face poked over his bunk with a short clay pipe in its mouth. Strong rank fumes of tobacco filled the place. " I say. lx»ys," suddenly exclaimed oue, " what's this hooker got in her " General," replied the old man, whose name w s Xestor. " I heerd the Customs officer at Gravesend say as it was one o' the walluablest general cargers as 'ad ever left tbe docks." " Well then, mates," said the other, " all I've got to remark is as we're the biggest an' softest set o' fools as ever left the docks to go a-starvin' in this fashion, when t'othersideo" that there bulkhead's every sort o' tucker you can mention." " Make it eight bells! Go beiow, the sta» board watch!" The same eight men sat on their respective sea-chests. between them stood their allowance of beef and biscuit, But it was untouched. Yet the meal had been in progress an hour. Alongside of him every man had one or more tins of some kind of preserved pro visions, out of which he was keeping his plate supplied to an accompaniment of plain and fancy biscuits. "Try a little o' this 'ere fresh herrin ,.nm, said one to his neighbour very politely, 'I kin recommend it as tasty." .... . " Thank ye, Billy (looking at the lal>el and passing his own tin}, aud 'ere's some sheep® tongues with tomaty sauce, which p'raps remind you on the bush of Australier. " Ah ' if we'd only b drap o* good stun,now, to wash these 'ere tiddlewinks down with, exclaimed Xestor, " I'd feel happy as a king -tui' as full!" , , " All in good time, dad, remarked J3i y, "this 'ere's only what the swells'd call a hinBtalment-a tritlin' hmstahnent o what the Sardinapples owes us fora whole months out-an'-out starvin*. J ust wait awhile till we gets to the bottled ale an' porter, which u be likely in the lower tiers, an then we II w gin to live like gentlemen-snellbwiffl oughter." . ' I votes as how we should let on to the port watch," presently said a man, aa he finished off his repast with a handful of muscatels and blanched almonds. " Ay," responded old Nestor. " J t do seem mean, us livin' high, an' them a dm win' their belts tighter every day. Besides," added he, meditavely, " company is pleasing; an'there'll be all the more for l'entridge. Not that I thinks it needs come to that if we're careful But (with a doubtful shake of the head) I'm afraid the grog '11 be too uiuch for some of us when we gits to it." A word here as to the Sardanapalus. She was one of the old-fashioned frigate built ships-somewhat slow,but comfortable. Carrying, as per owner's advertisement, ft iirst-cluss milch oow and surgeon," she was rather a favourite with that description ot I»asseiigers who, obeying a doctor's prescrip tion, were oblige to take "a long sea voyage. The passage was veiy high. There were ho " intermediates," no subdivisions. A veiy good table was kept and the "dog-basket and " inenavelings from it alone wouia have supplied the fo'c'stle twice oj'j-j" But for these leavings a host o' brass-bound apprentices, boys, and pew oftioera were ever on the watch-the fanner knowing as craws, sharp as kites. mast Jack had not the ghost of a chance with them. " Ever since she slipped along the.*"., the Sardanapalus bad borne the reputation being a. " hungry ship." Wore tliuii ha'' n dozen times hud she hauled into dock . collar of clean-picked beef bones around' figure-head. It was currently undereW" that die skipper " found " the ship; «c . ait Orkney inan, owned a part ot her,J" probably did so. Slie was a regular tm at that time, She is now a Oustoui-h bulk in an Hast Indian harbour. I The chief oftioer was a native of »ej® , U.S., and, with regard to the crew, ft rItt i bully. As he WOB wont to them. with the national snuffle " l ilt a big lump of a horse-a liigM*8" stepper-an* when 1 kick bones fly. ... He came out a loser by this gift, a8 v piosently seen. vari)*11® Loutt before the ppening of «»''vuneiiort crew bad remonstrated with their * Small jwooden toll. ^rr^Toorl. Tlie captain had laughed nftKi! and the mite inquired whether they ? ,.i !ino(l tlic Sardanopalus hud been specially !iS T! S a cVZp for u.T flM<n. was this that now made them .. 'in.f.illv over their stolen meals; and, «?So,° K' VplSre will. ...kc,l lislits the Serai"* when they outfit to have been sloSig on empty stomachs m their watch LCj't being an article of faith with the crew fiint the chief mate was responsible f?r the '1 tliev felt a thorough pleasure in its to il 'destruction. Nestor, old sea-'lawyer tlrit lie wfis. had told them that, although a parcel might be opened and the contents ab II trie ted, vet, could the smallest portion of the case! cask, or whatever it chanced to be, 1 e produced, the mate would be held blamc Utit. on the other hand, if not a vestige of anvthing were to be found to correspond with the item i» the manifest, then would tin' chief assuredlvbcmuclted in the full value the' missing article. With this devoutly wialied-for end in view, any light package was draused for'ard, handed up, and given a free passage. This was criminal and indefen sible itut"thev hated the Yankee with a very licirtv "hatred. Had they not been able to discharge some of it in this manner there would have surely been a mutiny, and possibly bloodshed, before the termination of the passage. In his character of horse, the mate nad one day broken a poor submissive German sailor's"ribs by repeated kicks from his heavy 6ea-hoots. Such things create antipathies, even on board ship. Consignors and con si^nees alike would have danced with wrath and anguish could they have witnessed that night's jettison. . The lorecastle was what is known as a "lower" one. A bulkhead separated the two watches. This partition was composed of very heavy hardwood planking, on the after side of which was the fore-hatchway, filled ti]) to within six feet of the deck by a collection of sails, rope, water tanks, bundles of hay for the cow, &c.; .Aft of these, at about the same height, stretched the cargo. It will thus be noticed that the Sardanapalus was not a "full eliip." The starboard watch had removed two of the broad massive bulk-head plank?. 'J'he port watch two also. At such times as a fresh supply of provi sions was needed four men from each watch in turn exploited the cargo. The otlurs kept a look-out aft, and stood J.iy the scuttle to receive and give things "a passage." As time passed, the crew, uu<ter the ne.v regimen, began to grow fat and jolly-looking. They worked with a will, and as a pleasure to themselves. .Also, to the utter astonish ment of their superiors, they sang and sky larked in the second dos-watch. " And these," exclaimed the captain, " are the scoundrels who growled about their food !" He visited the galley and sniffed and peered into the fo'c'sle coppers, and also cross-examined the cook and tlie steward. "(Jive the beggars more rice," said he to the latter oilieial-a sleek, oily quadroon. "Let'em have'banyan day'three times a week. We'll ha ve enough meat left then foi the trip home without buying any in port." The crew grinned, but said nothing. The skipper was bothered. '"Had the lore-hatch off yesterday, didn't you ?" lie asked the mate. "Vans, sir," snuffled he. ''Kverythin' seem all right. No cargo shifted or broached'{" '"Naw," replied the mate; "seems'boat the saame as when we left dock; an' I oughter know, for I lied a sight o' trouble fixin tli at deadweight so's to trim her forrard. 1 wonder, naow," he continued with a chuckle as at some joke, " how It's agettin' on down below tliar?" Daimn It!" answered the captain, shortly, as he turned away. He was in a bad temper that night. He hated to hear the men jullv. aim instead of lying moodily abuut. silent, and depressed, as of yore, in the six till emht watch, here were both watches on t gallant to c'stle puttingall the strength of Oeoi"!'"" ° s lut° ' Marching through Such a thing had never happened to Cap li!'1,1.' lore'un^ he took it usapersonal ttl ? !"' snubbed, went down on tm mam-deck and put a stopper on the sing lth a .e!I 01 f>ee fore-braces there, and J^reelyes about a bit!" The yards min I ? tnmmm» m the least So the 8iU,h i','..K'''e"; J'."8' PuUed 8|o*l>' and 6weetim'?t r"1 j mouth full of choice oHutnuats discovered the night previous. But'tE-fc' ],ad found,no strong liquors. «'l)n' V ,'l>.fTul ,iear'y everything else. C|,j,f* of cvery description, jewellery, eines ' Ac ti"8' patent medi tW iitrw fJ'i commenced opera leavii'i.r .,ii n !l co' un&cr; the main-hatch, touched {ore Part of the hold un ttould im i .i a PurP°seful search,no one The thrown?* fr80 to ve c.n broached. cases )i ",i "V 'ullSsi except debris-empty Jiscoi.tiimed JlJCK:-~*OVftbottl'dl}odVeen and the i>iiu-. up 100 much time, teck onL twT8 ,cavy- besides; i)av.(];n- u estors calculation, the mate's less than notbfngf ^ hUDdreda °f g»g ^as laid in irr°sistible, and a stock tuns struiif' at personal adornment °n the fo|,o\vinL ^ ,n Jack> hea« tKallunt foVs'e SiSblS^I T"""? tlle a big wn- r,-, resemijled a barbers shop m shaved and antim^Mr J^'k c,iJ)Pcd and shone and r,»M^i ^ J»i*nself until he fairly Kevonh i fw the produce of liim sweeth-. The^l^o Part ship Bmell<?(l so With their heads u^T, ,Ker8-^tae?er?d abo»t "Oh eanKhi " .j1, S'Hflingdelightedly. Vhoae age was miceri-°"eragushin8 widow r-"*e TeulU- must lV!',JUt'"o««nng fresh tropical climes Th"J approaching some vo',.8' . are the lovely 'epicy Ceylon's isle.'" ' lj,°.Wina soft o'er an8u^od~'^\vlf,,|'i^k?ow» sniffing also, islands lierea ' ^ly' But there's Pu.»'ia, an' I don't tuf«? W \da about that nni ^ rthat there's much Iumed. gla cL % -1 he con some of Til g. f?*"rdt "that itfB selves up. yOM J'an<^8 , titivatin' them jjeta" sorts of rubbislivnU801'j,ese 800,11 P8 ^astern voyage n c a,n^ ®8senoes on wund a botti,! One of em's evident) v &V; a,ld' now he 'and 10| .°cker of his TO Wth ,d£-Vb'"u%> with auere8^V9'" rel'lied Inn !e 'PPer. " linfc 'a,1guislnnE glance lighter came on fi ^ ft ^uwt of hoarse }£*% rougrMtlea^nted wind)fi^ 0fcrel<>,.but for VouraelfflnH04' oaPtein? thint T ?',0uldu'tfeel Bafe fn^o y<?,,r hraT ' ftl assented ho severely, alter a sharp suspicious look at the somewhat faded features. "Hut they've found me out, now, ma'am. They know John Flettfs up to 'em and their little games. The less food you give a sailor, tna'am, the better lie works. Full an' plenty's a mistake. Give 'em a belly full an they'll growl from morn in'till night, an' all night, through. They'll.'growl, ma'am, 1 do assure you, ; at the very best of beef an' pork, the whitest of biscuits, an' the plumpest of rice. Growl ! They'd growl if you gave 'em toasted angels !" ' What horrible wretches !" exclaimed the widow, sympathetically. " And what a lot of worry you must have with them, cap tain !" " No one but myself can imugine it, tna'am," replied the skipper, as he moved off, meditating on the possibility of stopping the usual dole of treacle for the Sunday duff. That laughter from for'ard annoyed him beyond endurance. Presently the cuddy went to luncheon ; and the starboard watch to its dinner. The lump of dark unleavened dough and hook-pot full of molasses were there, but untouched, and awaiting'the ocean sepulchre which had been their fate formally past Sun days. " I ralely don't know what this is,"said Bill, as he helped himself to a pat6 de foie was out of a dozen which lay 011 the deck, "but, whatever it isj it ain't to be sneezed at. Some sorter swell pie, I reckons. Talk 'bout jelly, lor! What you got there, Ned ?" "Looks like soup an' bully 'ithout the bully," answered the man addressed, who .was pouring a steaming mixture out of a tin which lie had just taken from over the big slush lamp-" But it says on the paper 'Ju-li ciine.' Sounds as if some woman had a hand in it. It don't go very high," heresumed, after a few mouthfuls, "seems thinnish-like-no body-give us some o' your meat to mis with it, Nestor." "'Taint meat," said the old man. "It's what they calls jugged 'are, an' there's no bones in it." " Pity we couldn't manage to hot this duff up," sighed one, cutting a nuge slice off a big plum-pudding; " but they'd smell it all over the ship," "The cake for me!" exclaimed another, attacking one of Gunter's masterpieces I ain't seen a three-decker like this since I was a kid, an' used to hang about smellin' at the tip-top cook-shops in the Mile-end ltoad!" "Wade in, my bullies, an'line yer ribs," croaked old Xestor. " It's the spiciestSunday's feed I've 'a/1 in forty year o' the sea. I kin do three months chokey at the end o' this trip, tiyin'; an| kin live on the smell of an oil-rag all the time. If we on'y 'ad a few nips apiece, now, it would be parfect!" Midnight in the hold of the Sardanapalus. Four red spots moving slowly about in the thick gloom. From the irregular, tightly packed mass proceeds all sorts of eerie creakings and groanings. The ship is pitch ing into a head sea and, at times, a wave catching her a thunderous slap makes her seem to fairly stand still and shudder all over. The atmosphere is thick, and stuffy with an indescribable stuffiness. Pre sently the four points of light clustered together. '' What is it, I wonder T said Billy, sticking his candle into a crevice, and point ing to a long, square, narrow case embedded in a pile of others. " Don't know," replied another, stooping, " Got no marks, only ' Kx Sardinapples-With great care.' Had any luck, you two t" "Try this." answered one, holding out a bottle which old Nestor immediately clutched. "Wine o' some sort," was his verdict "Poor stuff-got 110 gripo' the throat- sourish. Let's see what it sez on the bottle. 'Chat-oo Mar-goox,"' read he, straddling, with legs wide apart, and bottle and candle close to his nose. "Ay,ay,"he continued, "I thought's much. Dutch (with the British merchant Beamen all other Kuropean mariners are either "Dutcli" or "Dadoes"), I reckon. Much the same kind o* tipple as ye gets at the dance houses in Hamburg. We wants a warmer drink for these 'ere latichudes-not but what it's a cut above that sarseperiller an* 'op bitters, an' suchlike slush, as we bin livin' on lately." " Well{" asked Billy, tapping the case,as he spoke, with a short iron bar, "shall we see what's in this V "Not worth while," replied Nestor, who had finished the claret, not without many grimaces " It's only china crockeiy or somethin' o* that. They always put' with great care," an' 'this side hup* on sich. Blast the old hooker, how she do shove her snout into it!" This last as a tremendous forward send of the ship nearly carried him off his legs. Billy, however, appeared determined on seeing the contents of the case,' whose peculiar shape had aroused his curiosity, and started to break it out by himself. Finally the others came to his assistance, and a quarter of a hour's work hove it up from its nest. To their surprise it was focke J and hinged. Curiosity took hold upon them. They prised and hammered, and strove until, with a crash, the top flew back. " Kind o' cork chips!" exclaimfed Nestor, taking up a handful and putting it to his nose. " Poof! smells like a chemiste's shop, full o' camphor an* drugs." " JCre's another box inside this un," said Bill, who had been groping amongst the odoriferous mass. Ana so it proved; another long, narrow case, also locked and hinged, made of some polished wood whose surface reflected dimly the faces bending over it. Subjected to similar treatment with its outer shell, it, too. soon yielded. As the lid, which was thickly padded, flew off under the pressure bf the icon levers, the four men shrank away as If- they bad stumbled on a den of venomous serpents. O11 a narrow Atrip of soft black velvet lay the shrouded corpse of a man. The grizzled head rested on a pillow, and the hands wete crossed on the breast Thin slats fitting athwarts hips kept the body in position. Although the eyes were closedi th$ features looked Unnaturally natural. ' There even seemed to-be a -tiuge ot oolour in the dead cheeks. But the artist hnd failed with the lips. The upper one had shrivelled, and curled up over the white teeth, imparting a sardonic, grinning semblance to the whole face un utterably ghastly to look upon, especially just then. This it was, and the life-like seeming of< It, that frightened the eargo- broachers so badly. Ana'they ioere terribly frightened. They were too frightened to run, even had running been practicable. But the roan who attempts such in a ship's hold at night and with a heavy head sea on comes to rapid grief at the second Btep. So they juat stood still, gripping each other's arms, and swearing under their breath, as is the wont of the British sc&inan; when badly scared. The old mu)j Nestor, was the first to speak. In quavering tones he Boid-" lt'& oo.lv a wan h * Notlun o' the kind," replied Bill, the boldest of the group, letting go his hold and coming a little closer. "It's a 'harmed corpus, that's wot it is. I was shipmates with one on 'em afore. A soger officer lie were. He were lasbed under the mizzen-top an* labelled 'Combustibles; do not touchV in big black letters. One fine morain* lie come down by the run an' busted the case. He was just the same's this un, only they hadn't put that howdacious grin on to iiitn. * It were in the old Euryalus, nmn-d'-war, so we had to suffer him. An' a most hur.lucky trip it were, ltun her ashore twice. Took the sticks out 011 her twice. Lost four men over board. No wonder we've had three weeks o' head winds. Hut this joker '11 get a free pas sage without much delay, if I've got to give it him single-banded." So saying, he ad vanced, picked up the lid, and began to fasten it down. The next morning dawned bright and clear. But the head-wind still stood, and there was a nasty lump of a sea on. l or the com paratively high latitude the air was warm and comfortable. Most of the passengers came up on the poop after breakfast. Presently, with the assistance of the skipper's arm, the widow began a promenade. " What an exhibition she's making of her self ! Her husband-if she ever had one can'X be six months dead yet, by her mourn ing. She oufcht to be ashamed of herself the sly thing!" » If the widow did not exactly hear all this, she felt it, and casts looks of triumphant defiance at her female friends clustered in groups, most of them holding on to some thing unassisted. Elderly unmarried con valescents. and very spiteful, the majority. " Something-on-the-lee-quarter, sir!" came down from aloft. The skipper called for his glass, without quitting his companion. " Keep her away a couple of points," he commanded, as be brought the instrument to bear. " Can't make it out at all," he went on, after a minute's focussing. " Something white jumping up and down. Bit of wreck age, spar or the like, I expect. Keep her away another point. Take a peep, ma'am. Your bright eyes '11 perhaps distinguish it." The widow bridled coquettishly and, sup ported by the skipper, put herself in what she fancied an appropriate and elegant posi tion. " Oh," she squealed presently, " I see it, captain ; it's coming this way. How very in teresting. ' A message from the sea,' ' Strange tale of the ocean,' and all that sort of thing, you know, that one reads about in the papers. "What an exciting adventure!" The widow had taken the glass from her eye whilst speaking. Suddenly a passenger cried, "I see it! Look ! On top of that wave!" But, even as he spoke it disappeared. The starboard watch had been called aft by the second mate to try and jam the main yards still further into the slack of the lee rigging. The men now remained together with the eager knot of passengers staring over the quarter. All at once, and with startling unexpected ness, there bobbed up on a sea almost level with the taffrail, a nude Jigure, nearly upright. One arm, by some eccentric working of the water, was jerked backwards and forwards from the face with an awfully grotesque motion of throwing kisses to the horrified watchers. The notion was intensified bv the grin on the lifelike features, staitlingly distinct in the suulight as the embalmed figure, kept erect by the greater weight of its extremities, rose up and down, now in a hollow, now on a crest, not ten yards away. "It's IT, by G-d!" shouted Nestor, who happened to be at the wheel. Hut no one took any notice of him in the general confusion. The male passengers stood stock still, fas cinated by the spectacle. The female ones shrieked, and a couple fainted. But louder and higher than any of them shrieked the widow, who had got both arms around the skipper's neck, to which she hung, half choking him, wliilst ber feet rattled fran tically on the deck. " Let go, ma'am!" he gurgled. " Damn it, let go, <an t you!" "It's his ghost!" she screamed, taking another horrified glance at the bobbing, grimacing thingas it travelled slowly across the broad wake. "What liave I done, James, that you should appear like this?'' Bhe moaned. "I'm sure I thought you'd be comfortable down there 1" and here she began to laugh hysterically; and, held forcibly on the deck by the sorely-tried skipper, went off into a succession of violent fits. " Main topsail braces there, some of you!" roared the mate, who, aroused by the cry of " Man overboard !" uttered by one of the boys, had rushed on deck. "Come here, four hands, and clear away the lifeboat." " Dont't be a fool, Mr. Sparkes," shouted the skipper, still struggling with the widow, who had got one handful his long beard and was pulling it out by the roots. " Never mind the boat!" he panted, for the real state of the case had broken upon him. " But come and take this Bhe-devil away! Let it go to the devil as fast as it likes! It's got a fair wind, seemingly, and that's more n we have!" . . 1 « 1 1 . Anchor-watch off Geelong, Victoria. Apparently the whole thing had quietly blown over. When the mate, with a terribly long face, had reported to the captain, as nearly as lie could, the amount of cargo miss ing, and proposed, as a set-off, to put oae half of each watch in irons until arrival, the skipper had laughed. lie obviously enjoyed the responsible man s dismay. " Nothing of the sort," he replied. " We can't do without 'em. We're bound to get a good blow or two 'tween here an' Port Phillip Heatls, and \yhere would we be with half the men in irons, and the rest sulking. You're a fool, Sparkes. I'm gain' to smooth 'em down. They'll have cabin biscuits and plum- duff three times a week from this out. Ajid you knock off hazing 'cm about so much "-chuckling heartily at the others stare of amazement-li till we get abreast of Sandridge Pier. Then up goes the police flag. I'll surprise the varniin, or my name aint John Flett! Meanwhile, let a couple of the hard bnrguins* shng their hammocks in the after-hold. That 11 stop any more larkB with the cargo. Has she been up in your wa&ch; since?' " Never seen a tag of her," answered the riiate,Who'knew well to whom the skipi»er referred ; " kept her cabin ever since, 1 do believe." . *' Damned good job too 1" said his superior, as he tenderly felt his face. "Whod have thought that It was hers, anyhow 1' But " hard bargains " have long ears. One of them overheard the above conversa tion;' ond reporting it to the crew, they got ready. Also, on making the land, everything went __ * &M-;«i>]>K<iUoei; s^wUed by men fortnfc wrong. Twelve hours rain signalling for a pilot made a big hole in the skipper's temper. So when, at last, one came off, and, to his astonishment, got soundly rated, with a pro mise of report, Tie, in revenge, box-hauled the Sardanapalus about until dark, and then brought-up with every link of hawse out, in a particularly muddy Bpot opposite Gee long. Anchor-watch had been set, and>os old Nestor struck four bells in the chill morning and croaked hoarsely out his " All's well!" the stars saw a crowd of men in stockinged feet, and bearing bundles, slipping silently aft. The gig was hanging, now, at the stern davits. Noiselessly as greased falls could slide over greased sheaves she was lowered without a creak or a splash. The man who had been standing over the cuddy companion with a handspike joined his fellows. Fortunately-for themselves no one had shown up. The boat pushed off, Bill scuH'mg, the Sardanapalus was crew less. Half-an-hour afterwards, the great Aus tralian busli took to itself sixteen hairy breasted able seamen and this story. 