It is supposed that the Cabinet at its meeting to-day will take some decisive steps to introduce economy and good management into the Railway department, although how the Commissioners are to be coerced into good behavior after having their position fortified by the recent re-ap pointment of two of their members remains to bo explained. That some thing must be done, and that quickly, is apparent from certain late reve lations of the manner in which the public money has been squandered on the con struction of new lines. The Railways Standing Committee yesterday departed from its absurd practice of examining interested witnesses, and called expert evi dence in connection with the Essendon to Bulla line. That evidence may properly be called astounding. Mr. Wilkinson, a cer tificated engineer, who had been employed by a company interested in land to be served by the line, estimated the cost at £3500 per mile, exclusive of the cost of land. The departmental estimate is £10,000 per mile, apart from the value of the land to be taken, which was estimated at £5703 a mile. The department thus meditated the expenditure of £45,566 on land for this line, although one of its own. officers yesterday assured the committee that from a mile beyond Essendon the land was worth under £20 an acre. On whatgrounds, then, did the Railway Commissioners propose to pay between £5000 and £6000 per mile for that land ! The departmental witness explained that the value placed upon the land was an anticipated one. When the railway was made, what was now country would be made town land, and enormously increased in value. How the case appears to stand is this : — The State was to expend a large sum in enormously increasing the value of the property of certain land holders, and was to pay to those land holders a sum of £45,566 for the privilege of improving their property. There was no attempt "to con ceal the fact that this railway, like others before the committee, was a land syndicators' line. The people proposed to be accommodated are not there now. They are supposed to take up their abode on the line when it has been completed, and when by its means the men who bought the land' by the acre would be able to sell it by the foot. Here we have the reverse process of that involving tho better ment principle. The latter assumes that the owners of property' improved in value by the expenditure of the State shall con tribute to that expenditure. Here we have the State charging nothing to the owners whose estates are improved, and actually paying betterment to the owners of the land taken for railway purposes. It will at once be said that the law as it stands guards against at least the latter injustice to the public, by pro viding that not only shall the enhanced value triven to the land bv the railway not be paid, but that consideration shall be given to the enhancement of value of adjoining land held by the same owners in deciding the price to be paid for the land taken. According to tho intention of the law in such a case as the Essendon and Bulla line, the land owners would not only have received nothing whatever for the land taken, but have bad to contribute a considerable sum towards the cost of a line which was to transform grazing paddocks into a populous suburb. But we have not now to discover for the firat time that where the Railway Commissioners are concerned the law is often disregarded. Mr. John Cockram, land valuator to the Railway de partment, yesterday told the Committee, in reply to a question by Mr. Melville, that the Act of Parliament which required con sideration to bo given to the improved value of land adjacent to that taken was practically set aside with the knowledge and consent of the Railway Commissioners. With an illegal practice in force, which is not very far removed from a Bystem of wholesale bribery, it is not surprising that there lias arisen amongst land holders throughout the colony a passion for railway construction which has no relation to the wants of the public or the prospects of the lines when made. We have told Mr. Shiels that if he hopes to cure the railway sore with rose water he is doomed to disappointment. The most stringent investigation into the whole working of the department is imperatively called for, with a view to the discovery of who ore responsible for such atrocious bungles as the Dean's Marsh station and others of a similar character to which attention' has been called within the last few years. In particular, the dealings of the department with private persons or associations in respect to tho purchase of land should be narrowly scanned. The proposed gift of £45,000 to some syndicate or syndicates in connection with the Bulla line has not been made, nor is it likely to be made ; but land has been purchased very extensively for railway purposes during the last seven years, and the public will be glad to know whether all the transactions have been on the same basis as that which was proposed to be entered into in connection with the Essendon and Bulla line. The Minister will find a base for his inquiry in . the minute book of the Railway Commission. Before any land could bo acquired by the Railway corporation the contract must have received the sanction of a quorum of the Commissioners regularly assembled, and the transaction entered in the minutes. It will at once be seen how pertinent this inquiry is to the statement, which has not been officially contradicted, that the Railway Commission lias never acted as a corporation at all, never held any formal meetings, and has had no minute book as required by law. We are quite unable to reconcile that statement with the undoubted fact that lands have been acquired, and at high prices too, since it was impossible for any Commissioner in his individual capacity to have entered into such transactions; and it was equally impossible for him legally to act on behalf of the corporation unless duly authorised by a lawfully constituted meeting of the Board. The necessity for a searching inquiry into the modes in which the railway busi ness of the country has been, and is being, conducted was further evidenced by a paragraph in our yesterday's issue, wherein some remarks of Mr. Falkingham, the contractor for the Great Southern Railway, were referred to. We have on several occasions complained of the non-enforcement of the penalties for non-completion of Government con tracts within contract time. The Com missioners have neither legal nor moral pow'er to remit penalties which have accrued, since their doing so amounts to a gift of public money. But it appears from what Mr. Falkingham says that in some cases at least no penalties are re coverable, inasmuch as the delay is not the fault of the contractors, but of the department. The latter undertakes to supply certain materinl at a given date, and not being prepared to do so, the progress of tho works has to be stopped. When the Great Southern rail way was finished up to the centre of the Koo-wee-rup Swainp, the department was unable to supply the filling up stuff it had guaranteed, and two winters were lost. The same thing occurred when the Lang Lang.Swampwas reached, and anotherdelay occurred. In Mr. I'alkingham's opinion, " theGovernment started thi-> railway before " they were ready, as could be shown by- " the instructions for stoppages given." Some of these stoppages were for months, and sometimes the plans for certain works wore not supplied till after the time when, according to the contract, tho works should have been completed. The plans for the Korruniburra station were not fur nished until 16 months after the con tract was supposed to bo finished. Presumably what happened in one case happened in others also, and we thus have an explanation why the department allowed contractors apparently to dawdle over their work and took no steps to enforce the penalties. The explanation, however, tells a tale of a state of muddle and inefficiency in the construction branch of the Railway department which should not be lost upon Ministers when consider ing the question of the reconstruction of that branch. Mr. MONRO i3 already pledged to intro duce a measure into Parliament fur the purpose of making manhood suffrage a reality in this colony by abolishing plural voting, and the deputation from the Trades Hall Council which waited on him yesterday found his senti ments on this subject completely in unison with their own. He is well aware that when it was resolved to have no property qualification in connec tion with either electors or members of the popular Chamber, the Legislature had not the slightest intention of making any exception in favor of a special class. The adoption of the ratepayers' roll for elec toral purposes was brought about from motives of economy and convenience, and the opportunity thus afforded a sec tion of property holders of recording more than one vote was overlooked. The system was designated from the first manhood suffrage, and it was by a mischance, and not by design, that votes came to be attached to bricks and mortar. Consistent democrats have always con tended that manhood suffrage should be regarded as a leading principle of the constitution, and be protected from infringement, save by the deliberate determination of an absolute majority in Parliament. In the American Re public this principle is guarded by the solemn averments of Federal law, which no State legislature has power to violate. There, as here, property owners are ever on the alert to snatch a larger share of political power than rightfully belongs to them. In the State of Michigan, no later than last year, a measure was smuggled through the local Parliament with the object of conferring the right of plural voting which was accidentally legalised in this colony. Appeal was made, how ever, to the Supreme Court at Washington, which adjudged that the Michigan legisla ture had overstepped its powers, and had acted in contravention of the constitutional axiom which proclaimed the political equality of- American citizens. In this respect the colony of Victoria had supposed itself to be abreast of the American union, and Mr. Munro will deserve the gratitude of the people if he signalises his period of office by restoring a right which ought never to have been undermined. That, unlike lib predecessor, he b fully in earnest in desiring to fulfil the pledge he, has given is evidenced by the cautionary words thrown out for the consideration of his interviewers. The latter suggested that while electoral reforms were being undertaken, two or three other changes should be embodied in the Bill, but Mr. Munro asked tliera not to forget that such additions might imperil the passage of the measure, and furnish an excuse for opposi tion on the part of members who dare not directly support plural voting. Apart from thb warning, which is deserving of careful attention, the question of preventing the re turn of a member by a small minority of a constituency b one of great importance. As we recently pointed ont, resort to second elections, in accordance with the French method, would seem to be a necessary sequence to any system of single electorates. At the close of our last general election we adduced a multitude of instances in which members had been returned in spite of the fact that a large majority of the recorded votes were given against them. These figures were brought yester day under Mr. Munro's notice, and signifi cantly demonstrated the anomalies liable to attach to Victorian elections under the existing statute. The Premier, when he was in Europe in 1885, enjoyed tho oppor tunity of witnessing a Parisian election, and observed the smooth working of the process by which a second appeal to the ballot box becomes necessary if the candidate at the head of the poll obtains only a minority vote. There should be little difficulty in securing Parliamentary sanction for this needful amendment in our Electoral Act, but, of course, the restoration of manhood suffrage pure and simple b most urgently called for, and if its concession is likely to be endangered by the addition of contingent reforms, the latter had better wait. The proposals put forward by the deputation in respect to election expenses, and the interdiction of touting cabs with candidates' names placarded on them, are obviously of a kind that would be difficult of enforcement, and likely to jeopardise the passage of a Bill in which they were incorporated. With the individual, as Shakspeare assures us, " when the brains are out the " man will die, and there an end," but it is not so with commissions. For some occult reason these are apt to linger on long after the work they were set to per form has been accomplished, and no visible cause presents itself to account for their tenacity of life. Of all the strange phenomena of thb class known within the annals of Victoria, the strangest perhnps b presented by the Vegetables Products Commission. Ap pointed between, five and six years back, thb body still retains a temporal existence, and presumably is busy investigating. Like some of the vegetable products it was commissioned to observe, it is slowly evolving it3 pulpy mass, and occa sionally gives token of vital excitement by sending forth a stalky protuberance in the shape of a progress report. On eight different occasions have these peculiar emanations manifested themselves, each being of portentous bulk, and exuding a mass of printed matter calculated to appal the most omnivorous reader. Had it been intended when the commission was nominated that it should give to the world a sort of botanical Encyclopedia, and go on producing fresh volumes so long as new plants could be discovered in any part of tho world which by tho remotest chance might be supposed capable of reproduction in Victorian soil, the intention would have a fair prospect of 1 fulfilment. Only in thb case it has been mbnaiued from the start. It should have been indebted for its origin to an Act of Parliament, and have taken its placo legitimately as a per manent department. Unfortunntely it can boast no such stntus. Like other commissions appointed by the Govern ment for a special purpose, it was expected to fulfil that purposo in a few months of activity and then depart. Quite inde pendent of it, there is an amplo sufficiency of departments connected with agriculture to satisfy all the reason able requirements of that section of the community directly interested in tho pro duce of the soil. The Vegetable Com mission is therefore not wanted as a per petual institution, and, after lasting more than half a decade, should promptly give up the ghost. Constitutional government is turned into a farce, and Parliamen tary authority is virtually ignored when a temporary expedient thus fastens itself on the country, and appears year after year as an applicant for Treasury support. This indisposition to make an end of their being on the part of ancient commissions is monstrously unfair to Government itself. Under our political system no Administration can hope to be so long lived as some of these commissions, and the result b that incoming Cabinets find themselves weighted with appointments of their predecessors in office, which, osten sibly ephemeral and evanescent, become as rigidly fixed as the Old Man of the Sea on the shoulders of Sinbnd. Each Govern ment has its own difficulties to encounter, and problems that need to be solved by the investigations of its own nominees. If half a dozen aged commbsions hold tho fort, and go on investigating and reporting in a pottering, spasmodic fashion, long aftci every object of utility connected with their operations has been achieved, how can the Government dc facto originate a fresh departure, and start a single commission of its own ! The members of the Cabinet, as well as the general public, are interested in making a clearance of a great deal of old commission lumber, and the Vegetable Products Commbsion ought to be the first whose " happy despatch " should bo insbted on. 