Literary and Debating So ciety's Social. -:o: The philosophic dictum that the cultiva. tion of the intellect is antagonistic to the exercise of the social and emotional instincts receives no support from the Literary and Debating Society. Its members aim at the equal development of the whole of complex human nature; and while they can engage in the austere and abstract forms of mental wrestling, they can also on occasion thaw into the most genial of social beings under the irradiating and humanizing influences of song or of the fraternal cup of tea. And as the meeting on Tuesday evening was to terminate the quarter's programme, it was decided to signalize the event by another social entertainment. In response to nu. merous invitations a large and select audience gathered at the Mechanics' on the night in question when a superior programme of instrumental and vocal selections and recitations was admirably rendered by a number of the friends and members of the association, who very graciously consented to render their services. The chair was taken at 8 p.m. by the Rev. E. G. IIiggin. the deservedly popular presi. dent, who opened the proceedings in a very appropriate speech, in which, after extending a cordial welcome to the visitors-especially to the ladies, he reviewed the progress of the society during the past quarter, its present position and future aims. Then came the following efforts :-A pianoforte solo by Mr. Ceo. Bidstrup, which was well rendered and appreciated; song Mr. Carrel, " Oh bring me back the one I love," expressively rendered ; Duet, Mr. and Miss Fothergill-" The British Navy " given with great effect and taste, and to which an undeniable encore was enthusiasti, cally demanded. Mr. C. E. Lloyd to the surprise of his non-dramatic acqaintance, then made his debut as a reciter, by his interesting delivery of an allegorical com, position. Mr. W. Watson could not be persuaded to return to his "Scotch Ditty" which being in the purest Gaelic was past all criticism. liss Carrel succeeded in her pianoforte seleylion ; while doubtless each auditor saw a more or less accurate portrait of himself in bliss Whitehead's inimitable recital of "The Critic." But nothing went home so appealingly to the hearts of all present as the pathetic strains of the fine old song " SB kind to the loved ones at Home," chosen with such admirable taste by Mr. Carrnl, Miss Fothergill then favored with a solo, and the encore to which she was good enough to respond,was but a deser ving tribute of appreciation to this lady's rich and cultivated voice. The chairman next exercised his recitative powers in an effec tive manner on that famous passage in Byron's "C hild Harold" in which the poet vividly describes the thrilling narrative of the battle of Waterloo. The recitation-" A Ghost Story" by Mr. Watson. met with a reception proportioned to its humorous nature ; Miss Carrel bringing the programme to a close by her careful and effective ren, dering of the pianoforte solo "Buonaparte's This part of the proceedings accomplished, the pleasant rattle of ' china' came as a pleasing announcement of refreshments, and soon the company were: jovially discussing everything in general and nothing in par, ticular over "the flowing bowl." The success which attended this part of the ar rangements is largely due to the excellent catering of Mr. N, Didstrup. . As the hour was by this time advancing another solo by Mr. Fothergill in his usual clear and tasteful style and a few concluding words by the President brought an enjoyable meeting to a vonclusion. 