Gold-dust Darrell; • OR The Wizard of the Kines. OHAPTER XXX.-(Continued). 'Not any of that sort,' was the reply; 'but old Isaaes, over there or no, he's coming this way, by the way-keeps a supply of birds, of a different species, any one of which I'll bet can make a meal of that royal rooster in ten minutes.' 'What kind of birds, senor ?' cried the overseer, his eyes lighting up in the prospect of sport. 'Gaol birds !' The overseer heartily joined in the general laugh elicited by this sally. 'Senor Don Deigo,' muttered Gold Dust Darrell, 'I trust you are not offended by my innocent attempts to amuse you on this bright morning.' Diego condescendingly inclined his head. 'Well,' continued the Wizard of the Mines, addressing the overseer, as he began to unlock the magic box, 'I have an extraordinary quality of gloves for those who are used to hand ling game-birds. If you would like to try on a pair of them, you are wel come.' The jovial overseer lighted up won derfully at any mention of his favourite sport. ' Gloves-game-birds, senor!' he exclaimed, delightedly. 'What are their virtue, senor ?' 'They are called the Beeloochistan gauntlets, my highflying rooster. Their virtue is that, by stroking the feathers of the fowl repeatedly, they infuse it with an electric fire, which renders its strength, courage, and ac tivity perfectly irresistible. The big gest game-cock in the world would flee from the tiniest bantam, if the latter were to undergo this process.' 'Indeed, senor! I should be eter nally grateful for such a present as this. If you have them, I will try them on at once.' 'Oertainly-here they are,' said Gold-Dust, handing the gloves, which the overseer began to examine curiously. 'The gloves are heavy, senor,' said the overseer. ' What are these wire net-works for, senor?' ' They send the electricity from the cow-feathers down to the stub of the tail, and, after repeated strokes, the bird grows so hot that his gaff glows like red-hot needles, bringing blobd at every scratch. Shall I put them on for you ?9' SGold-Dust slipped the loose, wire. bound gloves on Senor Sancho's chubby hands, and then secured them by a strong clasp at either wrist. Then both he and Grizzly Dave re tired to a respectful distance, and the throng of spectators, which by this time numbered over three-fourths the entire inhabitants, awaited results. Presently the fat overseer began to act in the most unbusiness-like way in the world. His hands and arms began to fly about as though he had the St. Yitus' dance. The most ultra Shaker-elder would have applauded him vociferously. Seizing his beloved game cock, in order to perform the prescribed manipulations, if possible, he wrung his neck at the outset, and then, clutching it by the head, and spring ing to his feet, whirled it about his head, finally letting the strangled bird whiz through the air, and striking the Don a hard blow in the eye. Then he flew among the astounded rancheros, his swinging hands strik ing over a greaser here, there, and everywhere. The peons fled in pious terror. The crowd howled and roared, and a hun dred voices cheered. But it was evident that burly San cho could not stand it much longer. His wind was gone, and he was puff ing and steaming like a victorious racehorse on a July noon. At length he rolled upon the ground in a decidedly used-up condition. Darrell and Grizzly repossessed themselves of the gloves, and the overseer regained his feet, shedding tears over the dead body of his game cock. 'Now,' said Darrell, wrapping up the gloves in brown paper, and offer ing them to the overseer, 'now they're done up, and you can take them home.' A glower-red-hot-was the only response. ' What!' exclaimed the Wizard of the Mines, in amazement; 'don't you want them ? Come on, then, Grizzly, if we've been throwing our time away on non-purchasers, we might as well resume our journey.' CHAPTER XXXI. THIE ROIBERS' LAIR. ~Not manyhours after the restora tion of Miss Dashwood to her re latives, the Stranger rode into Red Diggings, as if entirely unaware that anything of importance had oocurred for two or three days. He entered old Isaacs' shop, and .heard with apparent astonishment, the Jew's recital of what had happened. 'And you knew nothing of all dish?' exclaimed the Jew. 'Only what I heard in passing through the town, just now,' was the reply. ' B3ut who was the rascal who rescued the young lady ?' 'No one knows. I shuppose the captain will po derribly angry. Vasn't dat awful apout Tiger Ted. He was all purnt up.' 'Yes, it was very bad-for Ted,' was the reply. ' But I am just about e tostart for the canon. Have you any I message to send to La Muorte ?' S 'No, he knows ash much as any vun else apout de vay he vas vipped.' The stranger quitted the house. iHoe' passed Gold-Dust Darrell and SGrizzly D])ave on the road, and after a few words with the former, pushed on. It was twilight when he reached the mouth of the gorge that led inte the robbers' canon. It was strongly guarded, but he passed in without interruption. When he entered the tent of La Muerte, the fury of the latter, on account of his defeat, had somewhat subsided, and he was sitting moodily at the little table which.held the liquor bottle-his constant resort of late. Be had been wounded in the left hand, which was done up in a sling. Griffith could not help noticing that La Muerte eyed him coldly as he en tered. 'Well, what news do you bring me ?' said the robber. Griflith narrated, in detail, every thing that had taken place in the Red Diggings since the fight, not forget ting to mention the arrival of Don Diego de Marino, and the trick which had been played upon his overseer by the Wizard of the Mines. 'And where were you during the fight ?' asked La Muerte, eyeing him with suspicion. 'WVhere you sent me,' replied Griflith, boldly-' at the black gully, beyond the Diggings, where I was to meet the messenger from the Thumb screw.' 'Oh, you were? And what did the messenger tell you from the Thumb screw ?' Griffith, who fully expected this, had had his answer prepared by Gold Dust Darrell, gave the purport of a long message, as coming from the Thumbscrew, La Muerte's chief lieutenant. ' There was an inner recess to La MIuerte's tent, and, at a signal from the chieftain, a man of most repulsive aspect stepped from out this recess. This man was the Thumbscrew him self. He was a short, thickset, black browed villain, with so many weapons stuck about his person that he seemed a walking arsenal. He had only one eye. The reddish hair of his head was cropped close to his skull, but he had a full long beard covering his breast. ' You have heard the stranger's report?' said La Muerte, turning to him. 'Yes, captain, I have,' was the re ply. 'It is true?' ' -Every word of it.' 'That is enough. I'll see you after a while, Thumbscrew.' The lieutenant quitted the tent, after helping himself to a draught from the bottle, and the cloud of suspicion cleared from La Muerte's face. He signaled again, and the diminu tive Don Rafael made his appearance. 'You heard the Stranger's report, and the Thumbscrew's confirmation of it, did you not ?' 'I did, Senor George,' replied Don Rafael, without taking his eyes from Grifith's face. ' Then what do you mean by coming to me with preposterous stories about this man being seen riding in the forest with a woman before him ?' 'I only mean, Senor George, that my servant Manuel swears that he saw him there, while the fight was in progress, and in that position.' 'The foul fiend seize your servant!' cried La Muerte, with an oath. 'I told you when you first came that I wouldn't have that old dotard of a greaser about my camp; and I won't.' Don Rafael laughed. 'It may be,' said he, as he quitted the tent,' that the Stranger has the power of his friend Gold-Dust Darrell, to be in two or three places at the same time.' ' What does that mean ?' exclaimed La Muerte, turning with a convulsive start to the Stranger. 'Do you know this sorcerer, Darrell, as they call him ?' 'He knows me, somehow,' said Griffith, putting on a troubled and apprehensive look. 'He insisted on cornerming me and talking to me yes terday, and I was never gladder to get away from a man in my life.' ' Why ?' 'Because he seemed to look right through me. I believe he is the in fernal fiend himself.' 'I almost think so. I almost be lieve it,' muttered La Muerte, pacing up and down, with his head upon his breast. Griffith pleaded fatigue, and took his departure, for he was really worn out, and wished to sleep. He had made a little bower for him self up toward the head of the canon, underneath which his blankets were spread, and to this he repaired. It was in the contre of a delightful little basin, through which the upper waters of the torrent broke with a wild and pleasant music. The night was clear, and moonlight flooded the scene. But Griffith was too tired to think of anything but rest. He threw himself upon his blankets, and was soon buried in the sleep that knows no visions. He slept many hours, but was gradually awakened by that feeling which is often experienced by men overtaxed by exertion-a feeling of being looked at, or the presence of some uncongenial spirit. He slowly opened his eyes, and was soon thoroughly awake. The moon light still poured down over and through his shelter of foliage, and he became aware of a figure standing in it and regarding him earnestly. 'Well, what is it ?' asked Griflith, angrily, as he recognised the slender Don tCafael. 'Senor,' said Rafael, very gently and softly, 'I know that you must be very tired, and that it annoys you to be awakened; but won't you grant me a short interview, senor?' 'This is no time for interviews,' growled Griffith, turning sleepily over on his side to renew his slumber. 'Wait till morning.' ' But, Senor Griifithl Craig, I cannot wait.' He sprang to his feet as if impelled by springs. < That name-his own name, and pronounced thus by another in the robber camp of La Muerte! He might well be startled. 'You know me?' he exclaimed, coming out into the open space. 'Truly I do, senor. I would that you knew me better.' 'I do know your real character, Senorita Inez de Marino. I am sorry to say that I was an eavesdropper at the tent of La Muerte on that day when you had the conversation with him respecting myself-the day that the two captives escaped, and the other one, the poor Mexican, was shot at the edge of the precipice. The red blush of shame mantled the cheek of Inez. She took off the great hat which shaded her features, and undoing the circlet that bound up the masses of her splendid hair, she shook them down in jetty profusion to her waist. Her disguise, the wild scenery sur rounding her, the liquid moonlight, everything added to her picturesque and peerless beauty. ' Am I so ugly, so loathsome, that I should win nothing but hate from you, Griffith Craig?' she cried, the blush still dying her dark cheek. ' I think you are beautiful entranc. izigly lovely!' said Griffith, folding his arms calmly, as if in the contem plation of a rare work of art, and without a particle of passion in his voice. ' Then why do you hate me ?' 'Hateyou? Idonot! Ihaveno cause to I Why, I have never seen you more than four or five times in my life !' ' But I love you ! ah, I love you !' she murmured, drooping her head. ' You can judge how embarrassed you make me feel to hear such an avowal, senorita !' said Griffith Craig, withsimplemanliness. 'I wouldgive do anything were it otherwise. My affections are given to another.' 'I know it.' She almost screamed the words. Her eyes flashed fire, her bosom rose and fell with rapid palpitatipns, and with swift fingers she rebound the masses of her hair. 'Listen, Griffith Craig,' she said, speaking breathlessly, as from hard running. 'I did not tell Senor George-La Muerte-the whole truth when I said that my servant had seen you in the forest, with her (gnashing her teeth) in your arms. I wanted to give you a chance with La Muerte. It was I who saw you in the forest glen. I was within five paces of you. Ha! my pistol was levelled at her heart! I had you in my power. Ah, yes, I had you in my power !' She paused through sheer passion and breathlessness. 'Why did you not fire your pistol, if you had Miss Dashwood in your power, as you say you had?' said Griffith. 'I should not think you were one to yield such an oppor tunity.' 'I am not used to the shedding of blood,' said Inez, growing crafty as she grew calm. 'It was for your sake that I held my hand.' ' Tell the truth, senorita, tell the truth!' rang out the air-voice, and it sounded loud and shrill, with an echo from the rocks. Inez staggered back, pale and fear-stricken. 'What, here, here too ! here in La Muerte's very stronghold! ' she exclaimed. 'Is there no escape from this mocking fiend?' 'None !' It seemed to be the last, fading effort of the voice, which was heard no more. 'You do not fear? you are not alarmed?' exclaimed Inez, noticing that Griffith was unmoved. 'I am not, senorita.' ' Are you in league with this won derful man, who can go everywhere, and do anything ?' ' Senorita, I would be in league with every one who is good; I am, or would be, at war with every one who is evil.' ' You are in my power.' 'So be it.' ' A word from my lips will give you up to La Muerte's vengeance. 'Speak it.' ' What ?' she cried, puzzled at the display of a courage (moral courage), to which she herself was a stranger. ' Would you make no sacrifice to save your life ?' 'Many, fair senorita! Life is sweet! But no jot of my heart's affections.' She regarded him in a sort of be wilderment. It was utterly foreign to her composition to comprehend the existence of such a calm yet strong current of love which was embodied in Griffith's simple expressions. ' 8peak the word !' 'I will not-I will not!' said the wild girl, in whose breast perchance some ghost of generosity was abroad. 'And yet, remember, remember,' she added, ',you will be every day, every hour in my power.' 'I shall remember,' he answered, laughing. She bit her lip, and coloured. 'However, senor, I am the only one who knows your secret,' she said, and, turning away in sudden passion, she ran down the canon. But Senorita Inez was mistaken. There was another who knew the secret that she thought to hold exclusively. As Griffith returned to his rest, that other emerged cautiously from the covert, whence he had heard all that had passed, stood for a moment in the moonlight, and then also went down the canon. (To be Conitmnued) 