THE WORLD'S DESIRE. B. EIDER HAWAKIJ AKU ASMIIW LAW. Htliitam veto warn•rtatm fvjy-v nii-w SEtvu-! 1 . .intli 11., int. HOOK NR. CHAPTER VIIL "TILL OR)VS.SKI:S I:OM:s." The Wanderer laughed like a god, though he deemed that the end was near, and tin: foes within the camp and the frauds without locked on faim and wondered. " Slay him !" cried t)ie foes within speaking in many tongues. " Slay liirnthey cried, and yet they feared the ta«k, but circled round like hounds about A mighty boar at fc»y.~ I "Spare him!" shouted the host of the Aehastns watching the fray frirn far, as they stood behind their inner wall, for as yet they had not mingled in the battle, but stayed by their ships to guard them. " Rescue him," cried the captains of Pharaoh without, but none came on to force the way. Then of a Midden as fate hunpr upon the turn a great cry of fear and wonder rose from the ranks of Pharaoh's host beyond the v.-all It swelled and swelied till at length theory look the sound of a name—the bound of the name of Hathor. "The Hathor! The Hathor! See the liatbor comes Die Wanderer turned his bead and looked fcwiftly. A golden chariot sjied down the slope »'f sand towards the gate of the cam]). The milk-white horses were stained with sweat and hplashed with blood. They thundered on towards the gate down the way that was red with blood, as the horses of the dawn rush through the blood-red sky. A little man, withered and old, drove the chariot, leaning forward as he drove, and by his .side stood the golden Helen. The red star blazed u[>on her breast, her hair and filmy robes floated ou tlie wind. She looked up and forth. Now she saw him, Odysseus of Ithaca, her love, alone, beset with foes, and a cry brake from her. She tore away the veil that hid her face and her beauty flashed out upon the sight of uien as the moon flashes from the evening mists. She pointed to tl.»e gate, she stretched out her ?.nns towards tin: host, of Pharaoh, bidding them look upon lier and follow her. Then a .shout went up from the host, and they rushed onwards in the path of the chariot, for where the Helen leads there men must follow, through life to death, through war to peace. On the chariot rushed to the sates of the <-aiup, and after it the host. of Pharaoh followed. The holders of the gate saw the beauty of her who rode in the chariot ; they cried aloud in many tongues that the goddess of love had comc to save the god of war. They Bed this way and that, or stood drunken with the sight of beauty, and were dashed •Sown by the horses and crushed of the chariot •wheels Sow she had passed the gates and after her ixiured the liot-t of Pharaoh. Now Rti reined up the horses by the broken chariot •f the Wanderer, and new the Wanderer with a shout of joy had sprung into the chariot of Helen. ; "And art thou come to b« with me in \ •ay last battle'!" he whispered in her ear. ; "Alt thou indeed that Argive Helen whom I love, or am I drunk with the blood of men, and blind with the sheen of spears, and is this j the vision of a man doomed to die?" "It-is no vision, Odysseus, for I am Helen's self," she answered, gently. " I have learned all the troth, and knowing thy fault, count it but a little thing. Yet because thou didst forget the words of the immortal goddess, who,' being my foe now and forever, set this tunning snare for thee, the doom is on thee, that Helen shall not be thine in this space of life. For thou tightest in thy last battle, Odysseiis. On, sed thy hosts clamour to be led, and there the foe hangs black as storm, and shoots out the lightning of his spears. On, Odysseus, -on ! That the doom may be accomplished, and the word of the ghost fulfilled." Then the Wanderer turned and called to the eiiptains, and the captains called to the j soldiers and set them in array, and following the blood-red star, they rolled down upon the gathering foe. They rolled down upon the foe as the swift tido rolls upon the rocks when the breath of the gale is strong, and as the waters leap and .gather till the rocks are lost in the eurge, so the host of Pharaoh leapt upon the fee and' swallowed them up. And ever in the forefront of the war blazed the red star on fteten'B breast, and ever the sound of her singing pierced the din of death. Sow the hofit of the Nine-bow Barbarians ] was utterly destroyed, and the host of Pharaoh «ame tip against -the wall that was set about the camp of the Achieans to guard their ships, and at its head came the golden chariot wherein were the Wanderer and Helen. The •aptains of the Achaeans looked wondering from their wall, watching the slaughter of their allies. " Now who is this," cried a captain, ''who is dad in golden armour fashioned like •ur own, and who leads the hast of Pharaoh to victory. 1 * Then -a certain aged leader of men looked forth and answered, "Such armour 1 have known indeed and such a man once wore it. The armour is fashioned like the armour of Paris, Priam's son—Paris of Illios, but Paris hath long been dead. •'And who is she," cried the captain, "she •n whose breast a red star burns, who rides m thechariot ofhimwiththegoldenannour, whose shape is the shape of beauty, and who sings ; aloud while men go down to death = Then the aged leader of men looked forth i again and answered, "Such a one I have known indeed, so she was wont to sing, and hers was such a shape of beauty, and such a -fitar shone ever on her breast. Helen of Ilios—Argive Heleu it was who wore it— Helen because of whose, loveliness the world grew dark with death; but long is Helen dead." Now the Wanderer glanced from his chariot and saw the crests ot the Acha-ans and the devices on the shields of men with whose fathers lie had fought beneath tlie walls of lli««i. He saw and his heart was stirred within him so that he wept there in tlie chariot. " Alas! for the fate that is 011 me," lie cried, " that I must make my last battle in tlie service of a stranger against my own people and the children of my own dear friends." "Weep not, Odysseus," said Helen, "for fate drives thee on; fate that is cruel and changeless, aud heeds not the loves or hates of men. Weep not, Odysseus, but go oh up against the Aclueans for from among them thy death comes. So the Wanderer went _ on sick at heart, shooting no shaft and striking no blow, and pfter him came the remnant of the host o Pharaoh. Then he halted the host, .and at hi bidding Rei drove slowly down the wall seeking a place to storm it, and as he drove they shot at the chariot from the wall with MH-ars and slings and arrows. But not yet v;.s the Wanderer doomed. He took no hi:;t, nor. did any hurt come to Rei nor t«> the horses that drew the chariot, and as for Helen the shafts of death knew her and turned aside. Now while they drove thus Rei told the Wanderer of the death of Pharaoh, of the burning of the temple of Hathor, Rnd of the flight of Helen. The Wanderer hearkened and said but one thing, for in all this he saw the hand of fate. "It is time to make an end, Rei, for soon • •will Meriamun be seeking us, and methmks that 1 have left a. trail that she can foliow." and he nodded at the piled up dead th-it stretched further than the eye eouid reach. Now they were come over against that spit ill the wall where stood the aged captain of the Achieans who lind likened the, armour of tin; Wanderer to tlieiLrniourof Paris, and tiiebcauty •>f hi-r at his side to the Ijeautv of Aririv.' Helen. The captain loosed his how at the chnriot .and leaning forward watched the flight of the , •shaft. It lushed straight at Helens bivast ' then of a sudden turned aside harming h"r not. And as he marvelled she lifted her f;ite auil looked towards him. Then lie saw and knew her for that H«le)i whom ho bad-seen while ho jfciw«/d with Cret::n Idomeneus and in tho Argive ships, when the lc;iguor was done ami • the smoke went up from burning llioj-. Again he looked and lo ! on the Wanderer"--- golden shield he saw the white bull, the di'viVi' «f Paris, son of Priam, as oft times ho. had seen . it glitter on the walls of Troy. Then great fear took him and he lifted up his hands and ' tried aloud. "Ely, Achu'ans! Ply! Back to your j -tturved ships and away from this aecursed laud. I >"wr yonder in the chariot stands Argive Helen ' who is long dead, and with her Paris, son of : Priam, came to wreak the woes of Ilios on the i sons of those who wasted her. l'ly, ere the ; -eurse smite you." : Then a great cry of fear rose from the host of the Acliajans, as company called to company : that, the ghost of Paris of llios, and Argive I Helen led the armies of Pharaoh on to victory. A moment they gassed as frightened sheep gaze - v.pon the -creeping wolves, then turning from i tbe wall they rushed headlong to the ships. Behind them came the soldiers of Pharaoh -'i ' snnng the wall, tearing at their flanks as -v • en tear the flying sheep. Then the A- ts-.ans turned at bay, and a mighty fray round tlie ships and the knees of manV w<-re loosened. And of the ships some were )mi»ed and some were left upon the bank. But a remnant of them were pushed off into the deep water and bung there on their oars m airing the end of the fray. Now the sun was gone down, so that men ••••old scarce see to slay each other. The AVanderer stood in his chariot ou the bank, idling the battle, for he was weary and had 3:ttle i;:ind to swell the slaughter of tin; people ! »"'' 8i : « own land. Now the last ship was i>nsh<-d off ' I'ncth the great battle wat> done. But .•tmoii^' ihctf en the tilip was a win rfill j ci-uiu', ::r.d lr- | p^Mni*i« s-r, and mightiest among all the host of J tt;>-an*. By his own strength and valour I be had held the Egyptians bask while his j ccrm-ades ran ihe curved ship down the beach, : :«v,;i lin; Wai.'iun r looking on liii.i deemed : hint ti;e;r hardiest warrior and most worthy of • l.lic A<:liO-JLllv. ; He stood upon the poop of the s-hip and paw | the M-tring rays of sunlight gleam on the j Wanderer's golden helm. Then t/ a sudden j 5JC lirov a mighty bow and loosonid an arrow j chared with death. \ I _" This gift to the ghost of Paris from j I T«-l< piiius, soil of Circe. and of Odysseus, j i. who was Paris' foe," he cried with a loud voice, i A nd :;s he cried it, and as the fateful words j it nick on die cars of Odysseus and tbe ears of Helen, the shaft pointed by the gods rushed on. It rushed on, it smote the Wanderer with a deadly wound where the golden Iwdy plateof i his harness joined the taslets and pierced him | through. Then he knew that his fate was accomplished, and that death came upon him from the water, as the ghost of Tiresias in Hades had foretold. In his pain for the last time of all he let fall his shield and the black bow of Eurytus. With one hand he clasped the rail of the chariot and the other he threw about the neck of the golden Helen who bent ly-neath bis weight like a lily before the storm. Then he also cried aloud in answer— < J]I, Telegonus. son of Circe, what wickedness hastthouwroughtbeforetheawfiilgodsthat this curse should have been laid upon thee to slay him who begat thee? Hearken thou son of Circe, I am not Paris. I am Odysseus of Ithaca, who begat thee, and thou hast brought my death upon me from the water, as the ghost foretold. When T'-I'-gomis heard these words and knew that lie had skin his father, the famed Odysseus. whom he had sought the whole world through, lie would have east himself into the liver. and there drown, but those with him held him by strength, and the stream took the curved ship and floated it away. And thus for the first and last time did the gods give it to Tclegonus to look upon the face and hear the voice of his father, Odysseus. But WIH-II the Achieans knew that it was the lost Odysseus who had led the host of Pharoah against the armies of the Nine Nations they wondered no more at the. skill of the ambush and the greatness of the victory of Pharoah. Now the chariots < if Meriamun were pursuing, and they splashed through the blood of men in the ]>;is-' f and rolled over the bodies of men in the plain ljeyond the pass. They came to tin- camps and found them jx-oplftl with dead, and lit with the lamps of the blazing ships of the A<juainusiia. Then Meriamun cried aloud, "Surely Pharoah grew wise before he died, for there is but one man on the earth who with so small a force could have won so great a fray. He hath saved the crown of Kliem, and by Osiris he shall v.ear it." Now the chariots of Meriaimm had passed the camp of the barbarians and were emu- to the inner camp of the Acha'-ans, and the soldiers shouted as she came driving furiously. The. Wanderer lay dying on the ground, i there by the river-bank, and the light - of the burning ships flamed on the golden armour, and on the star at Helen's breast, "Why do the soldiers shout?" he asked, lifting his head from Helen's breast." j " Thejr shout because Meriamun the Queen is come," Rei answered. "Let her come," said the Wanderer. Now Meriamuu sprang from her chariot, and walked through the soldiers, who made way, bowing before her royalty to where the Wanderer lay, and stood speechless looking on him. But the Wanderer, lifting his head, spake faintly, "Hail, oh, CJueen!" he said, "I hav6 accomplished the charge that Pharoah laid upon me. The host of the Nine-bow barbarians is utterly destroyed, the fleet of the Aquinusha is burned or fled, the land of Khem ' is free from foes. Where is Pharoah that I may make report to him ere I die?" " Pharoah is dead, Odysseus," she answered. "Oh, live on 1 live on ! and thyself thou shalt be Pharoah." Ay, Metiaxnun," answered the AVanderer, "I know all. Pharoah is dead ! Thou didst slay Pharoah, thinking thus to win for thy lord me, who am won of death. Heavily shall the blood of Pharoah lie upon thee in that land whither I go, Meriamun, and whither thou .must follow swiftly. Thou didst slay Pharoah, and Helen, who through thy guile is lost to me, thou woialdst have slain also, but thou oouldst not harm her immortality. And now I die, and this is the end of all these loves and wars, and wanderings. My death has come upon me from the water." Meriamun stood speechless, for Iter heart was torn in two, so that in her grief she forgot even her rage against Helen and ltei the priest. Then Helen spoke. "Thou diest indeed, Odysseus, yet it is but for a little time, for thou shalt oonje again and find me waiting." " Ay, Odysseus," said tlie Queen, " and I also will come again, and thou shalt love, me then. Oh, now the future opens, and I know the things that are to be. Beneath the wing; of truth shall w-e meet again, Odysseus." "There shall we meet again, Odysseus, and there thou shalt draw the veil of truth," said the Helen. "Yea," quoth the dying Wanderer, "there or otherwhere shall wo meet a train, and tliere or otherwhere slkill love aud hate, shall lose aud win and die, to rearise again. But not yet is the struggle ended that began in other worlds than this, and shall endure till evil is lost in good, and darkness wallowed up in light. Bethink thee, Meriamun. of that vision of thy bridal night and read its riddle. J.o! J. will answer it with iny last breath as the gods liave given me wisdom. When we three are once more twain then shall our Kinshe purged and peace be won, and the veil bo drawn from the face of truth. Oh, Helen, fare thee well! I have sinned against the« ; I have sworn by tlie snake who should have sworn by tlwr star; -therefore I have lost - tn,, thee." e - "Thou hast but lost to find again bevond the gateways of the vest," she answered low. Then she bent down, and taking him in her arms kissed him, whisjiering in tiis ear, aud the blood of men that fell over from the star U]xm her breast dropped like dew upou his binw, ami vanished as it dropped. And as she whis]>ered of joy to IK- and things too holy to be written, tlie face of the Wanderer grew bright like tlie face of a srod. Then suddenly his head fell back, and lie was dead upon the heart of tlie World's Desire. For thus was fulfilled the oath of Idallian Aphrodit-e, and thus at the last did Odysseus lie. in the anus of the golden Helen. Now Meriamun clasped her breast and her lips turned white with pain. But Helen rose, and standing at the Wanderer's head looked on Menamun, who stood at his feet. "Thou foolish sister," said Helen to the < >ueeii, "i-ve now the end of alL He whom we loved 1,,-t to us. and what has thou gained? Nay, loijlc not lii-i i-cly on me. I may not i>e hanned by thou, as thou hast seen: and thou inajst not 1 harmed of me, who would harm none, though ever thou wilt hate me wiio hate thee not, and till thou learnest to love me sin shall be thv .portion and bitterness thy comfort." But Meriamuu made no answer. Then Helen beckoned to Rei ;tnd spoke to him, and Rei went weeping to do her bidding. Presently he returned again, and with him wei-e soldicis Ijraring torches. Tlie soldiers lifted up tiie Iwdv of the Wanderer, and bore it to a mighty pyre that was built up of the wealth of the barbarians, of chariots, spears, and the oars of ships, of Wondrous fabrics, and <-ostly furniture. .\nd they laid the Wanderer OIJ the pyre, and 011 his b;va>t they laid the black bow of Kurytus. Then Helen spoke to Kei on-.-e nwiv, and Kei took a torch and fired the pyre so that smoke and tiamr- burst from it. And all the , while Meriamun stood by as one who dreams. Now the groat pyre was a mass of flame, and the golden armour of vlie Wanderer shoue through the flame, ami the black bow twisted and crumbled 011 the ]ie:ip. Then of a sudden Merianiun ga\i a frreat ' i-v, aud tearing the »iak» girdle front !e r middle hurled it mi the flames. "li'rom lire lliou lunnest, thou ancient evil," (•lie said in a dead tongue: to (he get-thee back again, false counsellor." l>ul liei the ]>r>st called aloud in tho same tongue, "An ill <!e.-d thou hast done, (J i^m-on, for thou ii.ist in iron the si lake to thy bosom, and wiiej-e •!,,. >;iake IIRSSHS there thou must follow.'"* Even as be the faee of Meriamun grew fi\e<!, and she. was iJowly drawn towards tlie fire, as though by invisible hands. Now she. was 011 its very brink, ana now w-ith one loud wail s'he plunged into it and east herself at- length on the body of the Wanderer. And [as she lay there on the l»dy, bihokl! the snake awoke in the fire. It awoke., it crew, it twined itself about the body of Meriamuu and the body of the Wanderer, and lifting its head and it laughed. Then the fire fell in. and the Wanderer and Meriamun tbe <£ueen and the snake that wrapjied them round vanished in the. heart of the fiaio<-s. For awhile the golden Helen stood still looking 011 the dying flames. Then Bhe let her veil fall, and turning wandered forth into the desert and tbe night, siuginjr as she passed. And so she goes, wandering, wandering, till < )dvsst-us come again. Now this is the tale that I, Rei the priest, ha ve i>een bidden to set forth before I lay me down to sleep in my splendid tomb that 1. have made ready by Thebes. Let every man read it as he will, and every woman as tho gods have given her wit. TIIOII that of old didst blind A:csiVhoni--. If «Vr. sui'<;t. Helen, suc-h a thing Swf.-ll, We jiiay thee «>!' thy ;ji-H«-e be j;oi>d to Tlioiisn li'tle in mil-t.-ilea-.-.-iii-.leJh-nell V. :;l> tl;: t tiiia-:,i:.-Jenr willow! Ii.t>l uH i Who sr.w with sightless eyes grown Jrnnineiis, These Jli:i;i si.ri'.'ws, and who hoard the swell ttf roiiii'l tbt; Tviirld ring thunderous, Ami thy voire break when Juiigiidy Hevtor fell! But thou uh.i all these many years"bast, borne To see the preai weiis «f thy weaving torn By puny hands <if tlnll. o'er-leamed men. U«im;r. fnruivt us ih:>.£ thy hero's Etaf Once mure above fea, waves and waves of war -Mils: rise, triumph, ami must set ajMin: TH>: END. 