MISCELLANEOUS. WILLIAM CBAWFOHD, a boy of ,twalve years, was charged on Thursday (says the Dublin Freeman of 81st January), before thePrumshambo magistrates, wlth causing the death of a boy named Edward Keatnfe, aged seven years, by wilfully ; letting •go « rope from vifciah the deceased ; was pjsjwndea. 1 while Alter hearing the evii&noe; tlie magistrates refused informations, j&d; the accused lad WAS discharged. THE bill to remove Nelson's Pillar to the northern end of Upper O'Connell- street passed the Examiner of Standing Orders of the House of CommoDS on Tuesday (says the Irish Catholic Of 31st January). A CHICAGO telegram says!—"Mr. B. P. Hutchinson, known on the Board of Trade as 'Old Hutch,' has stopped trading after losing 19,000,000 dollars of the fortune of 20,000,000 dollars that he had accumulated. His family threatened to have his mental condition inquired into if he did not consent to take care of the remnant of his fortune, which has now been secured to them." LOBD PLTJNKET, Protestant Archbishop of Dublin (says the Catholic Times), honoured the Irish Evangelical Alliance with his presence on 5th January, and his Grace delivered a remarkable address. He thinks he has a favourable opportunity of making "converts" to the "Reformation" in the present political crisis. There are, he says, many " groping in the darkness and seeking for light," and amongst them perhaps some Bishop of the Church of Borne, who now might be led to come forward " and head a movement for the purpose of bringing about the certainty of religion and of faith, which he had failed to find in his own Communion." This is all very fine, but it would be more to the point if the Archbishop proved to us benighted Papists that he himself possessed the "certainty of religion and faith," and that all his spiritual children rested on it. A MEETING of Mr. Sexton's supporters was held in Belfast on Sunday, 25th January, to consider what action it was necessary to take in view of the recent vote of confidence in Mr. Parnell's leadership passed by the local branch of the National League, k. unanimous vote of confidence was passed in Mr. Sexton. WRITING about Mr. Parnell and the Hartlepool election, the Pall Moll Gazette says:—" He is personally and politically impossible; and to suggest that the patriots should at one and the same time co-operate with Mr. Parnell and with Mr. Gladstone is to make a contradiction in terms. In this connection we pommend to our patriot friends the observations of Mr. Furnees: ' If had been able to condone Mr. Parnell's •offence, and had shown the slightest desire to work in unison with him, I should have been done for, and Sir William would have headed the poll.'" THE present publishing season (says the Nation of the 24th January) is not without bringing something for which Irishmen will have a care. There has just been published astiny volume o£ Miss Ellen O'Leary's poems, prefaced by a sketch of the author written by Mr. T. W. Bolleston, and a sympathetic estimate of her work by Sir Charles Gavan Duffy. The little book is dedicated to the latter, at whose suggestion it was compiled. Another book that will be welcomed is Dr. JJyfle's " Collection of Irish Gaelic Folk Stories." An Chraoibhin Aoibhinn chooses for hi? title, " Jieside the Fire," and thus dedicates his wo^fc—"To the memory of those truly cultured and useful men, the set-scribes and hedge-BchooJr^aaters of the ist century, and the beginning of,this—men who may well be called the last of the Milesians—I dedicate this effort to preserve even a scrap of that native lore syhich in their day they loved so passionately, $,»d for the preservation of which they worked so nobly, but in vain." For the benefit of those Irishmen who hate the Saxon smile, but love the Saxon speech, Dr. Hyde has appended a translation. TSE djaatli of Sir Edward Grogan, Bait., occurred early on Monday morning (says the Dublin Frepmari of 31st January), at his residence, Ballintyre, Dundrur^. Sir Edward met with an accident about a forinigftt ago, having fallen from a bedroom window tqi'the ground, a distance of over twenty feet, and sustained a severe fracture. Dr. Usher, his medical attendant, from the first pronounced that at Sir Edward's advanced age .it was hopeless to expect recovery, so that hiB death pa Monday morning was not unexpected. JSir jEdpjrd Grogan was born in 1802, consequently he h#d reached the great age of 89 years. ' His stwjUep ^ere pursued with a view to following'the profegs^op of the law, and pa 1840 he was called to the Bar. Tfye following year, Sir Edward, who 'had' a strong preelection for political life, contested th,e city .of Publ^n as Parliamentary (Candidate in the .Conservative interest. He 5?as •" thorough True $lue," possessed aU the courage of his convection?, JiiB opponent was J4r. ^Gregory, and pa^ty feeing r£ n v ~~"-v high. Sir Edward Grogan was returned at Z* *** ®f the P? U ' ®? d t' with Mr. Vance, the W0 members for the county, and the two' for tiiC represented the "Dublin Six." The nT. of Grogan and Vance indeed became the watchwords of the Conservative party in Ireland. Sir Edward continued to sit in Parliament until 1865—for a quarter of a century, in fact. He was one of the most constant attendants at the House of Commons. In 18S9 he was created a Baronet for his Parliamentary services, to 1867 Sir Edward married Catherine Charlotte, eldest daughter of Sir Bere B ford . Burton M'Mahon, and there were several chuarep of this marriage, the eldest of whom is Edward Ion Beresford Grogan, who «S B ln 1873 ' and wbo succeeds to the title. The deceased gentleman was Deputv- Dun&ra;* ° f ^ oountj r and ' "sided at so n > whose reception into tne Oathoho Church we recently chronicled, is, it is reported (says the Bombay Catholic Bute 11 a °° nvert to the Poluy of Home ME. P. M. EGAH, ex-Mayor of Kilkenny, nas -been elected treasurer to the borough m to o 5 ^ Mr - P- J- Dillon, who died recently. The position is worth £300 a year. WE understand (says the Dublin Freeman hat the libel action entered by Dr. Tanner .P., against Mr. Parnell has been ab&n;! oned through the mediation of a well-known rish journalist who was present at the Kilkenny election. Mr. Parnell expressed hiB unreserved regret at the language he used at the Victoria Hotel, Kilkenny, r e . fleeting on Dr. Tanner, and which he now admits was used in the heat of the moment and was quite unjustifiable. Dr. Tanner, on his part, readily accepted this apology, and while maintaining his political opposition to Mr. Parnell, he, on his side, expressed bis regret for any language he may have used in the contest at Kilkenny which gave pain to the member for Cork. THE GalwayTown Commissioners passed a resolution recently thanking the Home Rule electors of Hartlepool for their action in electing Mr. Furness. ON Saturday last .-(says the Tipperan Champion of 17th January) numbers attended from all quarters at New Inn, which is about lour miles outside Calhir, to pay the last sad tribute of respect to the memory of as good a priest and staunch a patriot as ever worked for the cause of Church and country, By all who knew him Canon Ryan was held in the highest esteem. His voice and pen did yeoman service in the championing of the liberties of the people and the denunciation of tyranny and misrule. He was a veteran soldier in the fight for Irish freedom, He loved his country and his kind with an intense devotion, and exhibited through life rare and treasured qualities of head and heart. By the familiar and affectionate title of "Father John" he was best known, and of a verity he proved himself a Bolicitoas and faithful father of his flock. Hence it is that on Saturday his bier was surrounded by a large and sorrowing multitude, whojeame from far and near to do meet honour to his memory. The well-beloved and illustrious Archbishop of Cashel was present, and, though an inconvenient day, a large number of priests from long distances also manifested by their attendance their high regard for the lamented deceased.^^g Grace presided at the ceremonies, assisted by the Very Bev. Canon Cahill and Veiy Rev. J. Pbelan; the celebrant being Fr, Jones, P.P., Kilenaule; deacon, Fr. Cotter, Rockwell College; sub-deacon, Fr. Innocent Ryan; and master of ceremonies, Fr. W. By an, the excellent curate of the parish, The remains were laid to reBt in the chapel. The good nuns, to whom he proved so devoted a friend, feel keenly his loss. Peace to the soul of dear and warmhearted Fr, John. Amongst the clergy present were—The Very Rev. J. A. Pbelan, P.P., V.G., Clonmel; Very Rev. Canon Byan, Galbally; Very Rev. Can on Cahill, P.P., V.G., Tipperary; Very Bev. Canon Scully; Very Rev. Canon Meagher, Templemore; Very Bev. Canon Power, Emuly; Very Bev. Fr. Limbour, president Rockwell College; Ven. Archdeacon Ryan, Fethard; Very Rev. J. A. Anderson, O.S.A.; Rev. D. Hayes, P.P., Bansha; Rev. D. Ryan, P.P., Clonoulty; Rev. W. Jones, P.P., Kilenaule; Bev. T. Corcoran, P.P., .Upperchurch; Bev. M'Donald, P.P., Golden; Rev. W. Meagher, C.C., ,Cabir; Rev. J. Power, C.O., Cahir; Rev. J. T.uohy, C.C., Templemore; Bev. Innocent Ryan, Thurles; Rev. J. Duane, Tories ^ '$ev. Jl gelly, C.C., Bansha; Bev. A. Brennan, Blftskro.ck College; Fr. Madden, chaplain; Frs. Hourigan and Kjnane, Knock^ Vella; Fr. Fennelly, C.C., Kilenaule'; Rey. P. Doucy, Clonmel; Fr. Power, College, Thurles; Fr. Healy, Rockwell; Fr. Lamica, Rockwell; Fr. Bird, Feathard ; Fr. Murphy, Templemore; Fr. Murphy, Latin; Messrs. John O'Donnell and J. E. O'Mahony, editor, New Tipperary, attended. It may be mentioned Very Rev. Canon Ryan had a eooyeaf, »tfi schools erected at his own private expense, and' presented tjie property to & comrpuiiity of mjns of tjie jOriej- p)! Meroy, Rockwell College, ijnder the Father? of the Holy Ghost, have for many years bperj established in the parish of New Inn. New Inn is four miles from the far-famed Rock of Cashel. 