OVERHEARD AT DINNER. (She is experienced, handsome, and fond of amusement, if not downright mischievous. ^Moreover, she once heard somebody remark that to persuade the person you are talking with that he is the most important person in the world, is the true art of conversation. He, on the other hand, is inexperienced and as diffident as he is anxious to please. He lias, also, on somewhat unsubstantial ground, been considered clever. I The conversation proceeds something I after this fashion : She (with a scrutinising wrinkle in her fair hrow)—Well, Mr Budd, 'we shalL have to entertain each Jother, I suppose. You'll find it easy enough to entertain me, no doubt. I've heard all about you, of course, and. equally, of • coarse, I'm dreadfully afraid of you. I'm always so awfully frightened of people who' wear pince-nez, don't you know ? They always look so amazingly clever and sarcastic and.that sort of thing: and Fin told you're quite disgustingly clever. ' (.With a little shiver.) You know, really, • you positively terrify me I * - . He (feeling a perfect ass, and fortify ing himself with a glass of sherry ; at' a' angle gulp)—A-humm: In this case it's all)pince-nez, I'm. afraid—and the cord, of course—yoiiniusn't forget' the cord. Hee-haw-hec ! . I really—that is —I hum—I don t think youneed ' lie •j ecu fly alarm ed. Hee-hee-haw'I "(This appalling breakdown completely shatters what little nerve the poor wretch had to begin with.) She (with the sweetest* Of encouraging smiles)—Now,1 that's' always the way with yon clever* people. You're so un accountably modest. Of course one ad mires it immensely,'.and its a charming characteristic, and so forth - but why are you - "Why not be bbnest. and confess that you're {thinking all sorts of queer, vvicked knanghty things at this very mo ment? •... . . j He (whose mmdattkisverymouientisa whirling blank)—"Well,' because I'm. not you see, to begin with. Suppose we clear the ground a little. (Champagne.) ; Axe you aware that you. are addressing the humblest of men r (Feebly.) I—I really can't hnagine.whereyou picked up those extraordinary - ;notions. (Cham pagne.) ; *:.* _ She—Yow, how funny this is! And from you, too. How silly ! And with such a Orilliaut career to lookback upon. (Y.B.—The lovely creature has not the smallest notion what particular splendid achievements have spangled the past history of Mr Budd, but is now going it blind.) "Why, eeerylmly says- you arc sure to make a mark. - . He (feeling, that, under the circum stances, he must live up to his reputation or perish in the attempt)—Oh—er—well, naturally one has hopes, one has am bitions. That is only to he expected; hut—hut—oh, well, look here, you know —you don't want me to talk about riiy self, doj-ou?.. ', ■' She—Of course I do. > He (wishing he had not said anything that he has , said, and weakly-wondering what he will say next)—Oil, I couldn't, really—I simply couldn't. I do assure you I am not worth talking about ; and, besides, X never do it, on principle.; . She—Well, but now, for instance—I suppose yon intend to be a statesman one day, don't you ? ; . > • ■ ■ • He (to . whom the idea has certainly never occurred before)—Well, you see, all that is in the distant future, is it not? One—one.: can't' mtj that orieihtends to he a statesman, can one ? She (with another smile)—Really, Mr Budd, I can't understand why you try to keep up this pretence of diffidence with me. - (This with mncli meaning.) It's so silly—so perfectly absurd, you know. You, so young, and so talented, and so ambitious, arid—and so good-looking. (There is j ust a suspicion of eifort here, and Budd, who lias hurst into a gentle perspiration, is dimly conscious that the man across the table is grinning.) Of _course you think I'm awfully stupii and not worth talking to, and only a leomtin, eh ? -But there are women worth talking to, aren't there? He (wriggling)—For my own part, I would always rather .talk to a woman than a man ; hut, you know, one hue to that all is not well with this quotation)— er—the—er—(triumphantly)—the Tumey ofpo/so«-riow;ers,-Xii<e««, of course—and —and—oohoo—hum—(collapse of Budd.) She (bewildered)—I beg your pardon ? He (with a rueful smile)—I'm afraid it -was rather unintelligible. I—er—run— well, yon see, I got the thing slightly mixed. "■ H7«»t were you going to say? : She—Oh, I was saying that I want you to tell me all about yourself—that is, if you will take the trouble—to please me. Only, you must remember, if you. do talk to me, you'll have to prom he not to say horrid, : sarcastic things; , because ■really, you know. I'm so absolutely ttrriJitdi—iA.a., da catto, ad lib.— ■St James's GuztUc. The Prussian cavalry officer of whom ■ Hie following story is told did riot intend to be cheated out of a share of ■ the glory, "of such a death. It was after the battle of Gravelotte, the bloodiest fight of the Erahco^Gerihan "War . of 1S70. The cavalry, officer, badly wounded himself, was greatly annoyed by the cries of some wounded soldiers lying near hiin. At last, being unable longer to control him self, he testily called out: " Stop your howling' over "there! Do you think you're the only ones killed in this fightr" "When 31r Chauiicev 31. Depew, the wealthy American, was ih London some time -ago he dressed himself one Sunday morning in a garb which was a cross between that of a costermongcr and a pickpocket and traversed the "White chapel district. Here is what he saw "Sucb poverty, .such misery, such wretchedness, such a seething furnace of ignorance ana all -that attends upon hopelessness, I never saw before ; and never expect t-o.see. again I-ielt tbat this great city, with its. magnificent palaces, with every evidence in part of it of the largest werlth, the greatest luxury, the most liberal expenditures, rested upon a volcano which only needed the force of civilization to hringupon it a catastrophe• • which' would' shock the world." ; A j>oor old lady, who lately died, had previously asked a friend to give away the small objects she had constantly used as souvenirs to those; who." expressed a wish for such- In aii incautious moment the executrix mentioned ' this,: and re^ gretted her indiscretion very soon after. A regular seige was laid. and before long all: the rings, brooches,chains,tea services toilet bottles,and so'on, were given away. The people asked for fenders,' chairs they had always sat in when calling (a curious way of laving claim to a future memento) and, finally, the climax of absurdity was reached when one morning a friend sent a spring cart fora souvenir of the de ceased; intimating that she would like it to take the form' of a feather bed ! Even a little sense of humor would have pre vented her from doing anything so amu singly greedy.. A fender is not precisely a sentimental article whereby to remem ber, "a dead friend—but • a feather; bed! One can almost fancy it saying,,'' Down! •down ! poor ghosts !" : "The Eev.-Dr. Edivanl Judsoii tells of a Baptist who had been very sick. The physician had given hiiii 'some medicine, and told him he could go out; but under no circumstance was he to get wet. The man went but on the farm, and a shower of rahi'cauie up. suddenly. There' was 110 shelter near,- and to save himself he crawled into a hollow log. The action of the rain caused the log to shrink so as to endanger his life, He could not move and, bang brought face to face with death, the whole of his past life came he fore him as in a panorama; lie re membered the days of his childhood, his entrance npon life, his successes, and his sins; then he remembered, last of all, that when he left home that morning he refused his wife when she asked him .for 50 ecntsfor the church, and the thought made him feel so small that he had iiii difficulty in getting out.: ' . 