Ifoovelist. [NOW FIRST rUBLISIIED,] The Verdict Was-? \-- A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND : -- By Harold 31, Mackenzie, % Author of " The Squatter1 a Daughter," \- - '' ~ ?;??? t»> : CHAPTER I. A WAKEFUL NIGHT. ? The aun had sunli to rest hours ago, lending peaoe and calmness to the aoene. Although the hands of the olook on the mantel-shelf pointed to tho small houra, little or no sleep as yet had come to the eyes of Sybil Proscott. . Tho room was furnished in tlmfc light and airy stylo so often seen in tropical climates, On the floor, which once had . boasted of varniah hub now dulled by long usage and fierce noon-day suna, wero scattered ruga of 'opoasum and wallaby. In tho centre of the apartment stood a large bod, so situated as to catch evory partiolo of breeze whioh on this calm and sultry night was wafted through the room in scarce sufficient forco to have extinguished a lucifer. Under the canopy of a mosquito cur tain, despite the careful hunt of a black attendant to rid Sybil of his tormentors, buzzed and pinged aa murderous a set of . demons as Queensland can boast. Lying thus with now aud then a violent dart at a more than usually audacious member of the tribo, which invariably ended in missing tho fair one (for we are told that it is only the femalo that bites) she would soar merrily upwards, serenading as she flew to prepare for a , fresh onset. Mosquitoes are bad enough atall times, but when to this is added a \mind b'erwrought with thoughts distracting try to banish them as one .may-surely tho cup of woe is filled to ita utmost. This was Sybil's case, when for the hundrodth time he tossed and turned on hia weary pillows with the ever ominous hum of mosquitoes ringing in his ears. " Confound the thing ! I can stand it no longer I" ho exclaimed, dashing the curtains aside and reaching out for a / cigarette, ijaving lit the consoling roll of rice papoe and tobacco, he thrust hia feet into -a capacious pair of Chinese slippers sand sauntered on to the verandah. Here comfortably ensconced in a long cane* lounge he seemed move at ease aa he watohed the blue rings of smoke curling upwards in the air. The stars were out in great clusters of diamonds; shining with that intense brilliancy and purity which alone can bo viewed in hot latitudes. Novor had tho Kuffing of the fragrant weed seemed to ring such consolation to Sybil. His mind was sore troubled and noedod some thipg whereby relief, if only temporary, might ba afforded, and this ha was seek ing from the goddess Nicotino, And hns she not done much to soothe the aching brain of man 1 Have we not heard of cases where brave men, though fleath were nigh, and each moment might provo tho laBt, calmly awaiting it with pipe in mouth ? . Whilst Sybil is contemplating tho heavens it will bo a favorable oppor tunity 1 o inquire what has brought him to this rising colony of Northern Aus tralia. That ho was not an Australian by birth would have almost convincod'an observer first glance. His Icoka, manner and everything olse connected with him hod »n unmistakable English appearance, and surrounded as ho was on the planta tion with avaried assortment, of humanity, including South Sea Island savages, Malays, and tho roughest speeica of tho Queensland back-woodsman, who differs but littlo from tho vest, exsept that his ?kin may bo a few degrees loss swarthy, made him stand out conspicuously in their midst. Sybil had boon reared at ono of tho good old English public schools, and not . a great many years from tho time of the reader's introduction ho was distinguish ing himself more, perhaps, in tho cricket and football Holds than in tho pursuit of Greek Iambics or Latin Prose, The v;:ault, whatever else it might have benn had lie shone in tho latter respect, ihi3 that uioat desirable of all qualities, a Bound mind in a sound body. To edu ©ato tho mind at tho oxpense of tho jMiaolea in bad at all times, but to ox* pond ft sufficiency ot foroo on both in order to attain a mem sana in corporosano ia what ovory right thinking poraon should dosiro, - . The muscular training which Sybil had undergone in hia youth had given to hia body that flexibility and onergetio move ment enabling him to undergo long days of fatiguo -nndor la>t mma which to a loss hardened physiqUelnighfc have told sorely upon, him. Ilaviug t quitted sohool, ho passed two or three years,nndor the guidanoa of several 'Jarmy-orammors," who failed to drive tlio required subjects into hia head in order to qualify him for commission in tho servioo, ' Whethor it was that Sybil's skull was thicker than the general run of young men's, or that the cramming ayBtem was not ad ministered in proper form, is a problem Btill requiring solution. The sporting parson with whom ho had last taken up his roaidenco was chiefly remarkable for a knowledge of horseflesh moro than any other aubjeot, Sybil would often hold long discussion^ with him on the points of a now equine purohaso to the exclusion of all euoh tiring arguments as to whether or no any two sidoa of a triangle aro together greater than the third. And so tho time passed ploasantly enough in tho quaint old Sussex village, whioh in the small hours of the morning would often ring with the Bhouts of the obstreperous young bloods, awaking from their alnmbers tho hoary-headed parishoners who brought down on the worthy rector's head anything but bles sings. i Whon Sybil had appoared for the fourth time at Burlington-House bofovo that array of grim-viaaged examiners whioh have made many a daring young soldier quake in hia shoes at tho thoughts of being "pluolced," ho know within his own mind that tho papers sent in were not up to tho mark, Ho was right in his conjectures, and onoo moro was hopelessly spun, ?.It's no use, sir," wore the words to hia father after this, hia filial attempt; " I'll have to chuck it up and go out to Australia." J This sudden determination in order, as it were, to seek some consolation for hav ing failed to become a defender of his country mot with but scant, approval from Colonel Prescott, Ho wa3 indig nant and displeased to think that hia only Bon could not have followed in tho footsteps whioh ho himself had won bo muoh favor in, - "Go to Australia,? if you'vo sot your heart upon doing so," hehadsaid; " but, remember, this is the last thing I could have wished, I had hoped that before my death to havo seen you winning honor in something more noblo than porhapa driv ing a team of bullooka. Howevor, when a man has been givon a receptaolo for braina it oan only bo regretted that the neoesBnry article was not supplied. Colonel Prescott was brusque in man ner, and at times when his reason was governed by passion a very dangoroua person to oncounter. In a mood irritable and displeased with things in general, chiefly on account of his son's failure for tho army, ho had bidden Sybil farewell on his journey to Queensland, With this brief outline of" Sybil's former life, once more wo return to the verandah from which ho looked on the eilvery night. Tho scene was beautiful indeed, A night upon which it Boomed that day light had been prolonged, so clear and so bright was it. Tho house looked down upon tho long sloping banks of garden which reached to tho water's edgo, where Hashed and sparkled under tho moon's white beams tho sluggish river. Tho house itself was of that delight fully rambling character peculiar to houses whoroin the owner, deeming that internal comfort is preferable to external show, had illustrated hia good sense. Tho rooms it contained were all spacious and airy, which opened out by means of French lights on to a broad verandah running the whole length of tho house. Bath-rooms, perhaps tho most necessary of all, wore made quite a study of in this edifioo with their showers, plunges, and cool lounges for reclining in after the ablutions. Close beside and convenient for supply ing tho inmates with an abnndancy of water ran a clear mountain stream, which oven in tho hottest weather felt cool and refreshing £o the body. Who that has over passed weary days where the skin seems parched and shrivelled for the want of tone does not know what this bath in a land of a fiorce Bun moans ? It is tho very elixir, the restoration of all relaxed energy once more to its normal sphere, To say that one's breakfast in the land where sugar grows would not readily be forgone in favor of a bath ia not an exaggeration. Sybil's room faced tho south, which was the best situation for getting the benefit of the much longed-for sea-breeze which generally sprang up after sun down; and then with what sweet-smolling aromatio perfumes would the air be laden, exhaled from Btepnanotis and magnolia which grew abundantly in tho garden. Then, ghost-like in their mournful rustling noise, with white feathery tops shooting upwards straight as arrows against tho deep blue sky, would wavo and bond with every Bigh of tho wind the bamboo canes which lined the river bank. On tho opposite side by day, stretching league upon league through tracklosg jungle as yot undisturbed by tho hand of man, tho oyo could roam at will over foilage from the darkest olive green to the clearest emerald-changing, too, with as many varying tints as the small lizards which wero thero in thousands, basking in a noon-day sun. At night-fall would gleam and cast i(a glow heavenwards tho camp firo of the untutored Queensland savage who, crouch ing liko some demon from tho nothor world with shrunken limbs and unkempt locks mado tho only sorry spcctaelo in an otherwise porfcct landscape. In strango contrast to all this wild uncultivated land was tho appearance of tho llappoo Plantation, whore uncoasin" toil by busy hands from early morn till tho Bun had sot was carried on. Tho well-kept fields of sugar-cane, with its arrowing top3 denoting that; it was ready and over-ripo for crushing. Tho un ceasing whirr of machinery in tho giant mill ns it ground nnd crushed through tho sunny day tho long luscious canes into a pulpy mass, extracting all tho thick creamy jnioo which ran in aluggioh streams from tho rollers, Tho dusky South Sea savages, with grinning faces, knoo-doop in the immonso tanks shovelling out tho thick molasses, All this spoko of enterprise and activity on tho part of tho owners, who lived in far-away Melbourne. Sybil had chosen to make his homo hero with a view some day of managing tho estate whioh ho now held tui interest in. Hg was young, not. moro than twcnty- fjvo years of ago. Ilia personal appeoranco wns taking,- thuugh in tho strict sonso of tho term ho waa not hand some. His good-natured smile, which was ever ready to part hia Upsj ivnd clear) dark colorod oyes established confidonoo in him at onoo, consequently with but few exceptions he waa a great favorito on tho plantation, " He's got tho whip hand of mo, has he 1" he muttored to himself, as rising from tho loungo he tossed away the fourth cigarette end and paced the verandah as one troubled, He was repeating to himself some words of Maurice Liaoombo's, manager of Rnp pob, spoken to him that day. That any body should have dared to try and exeroise a power of this kind, nay, more, a threat held out to him, in order that he should appear craven in tho eyes of others, WHS moro than ho could Btand. He feared no one, and, least of all, hiB con science, which was olear and free from the awful charge which he knew LIB combo intended bringing against him Bhould he not at once hush it up with largo sums of money. Let him do his worst; I am prepared. Thero muRb be an end sooner or later to this." He waa standing at the farther end of the verandah spooking to himself and bo absorbed with his own thoughts that tho footsteps approaching were unheeded. Suddenly, as if by instinct, he turned quietly on his heel and confronted Maurico Liscombe. For a second neither spoke, but stood gazing at each other, with the pale moon aeams playing on their countenances. At length, Maurice Liscombe, a man short of stature, with a course-looking face and an expression that was not wont to inspire confidence, broke the silence. "So, Mr. Proscott, you choose three o'clock in the morning for taking oxercise besides awakoning people from their sleep. To this Sybil made no reply, fearing possibly that had he given his tongue rein something more than a mere bandy ing of words might have resulted. Turn ing his back on the manager, he calmly puffed away at hia cigaretto, "Ah i"exclaimed Liscombe, "so you still intend to ignoro mo ? So be it. Ro member the conditions upon which I have based my proposal this afternoon, and unless you oomply with them you know the consequences, A month from this date, and unless they. are agreed to, you shall bo known to tho world as the mur derer of GleraldDugdale," For an instant tho desire to strike this man, as ho would a dog, came over him, but as suddenly restrained himself and gazing fearlessly on Liscombe uttered in worda both calm and clear : "Thaji God should have deemed it worthy to put breath in a body Buoh as youra is beyond comprehension. < This threat which you hold out to me, thinking that by so doing you can extort money, does not frighten me. I say, do your worst. Now I liavo finished. Words with you are useless." Before tho manager had time to make reply Sybil had vanished, leaving him to his own roflections. In another hour or two the great hot Bun had risen, loudly welcomed by shrill- tongued birds of brilliant colors, the low croaking aotuids of reptiles which came fvom their retreats to bask in its genial rays, and all the thousand npisea which aro ever present in this steamy Bugav land. Tho month was July, and cool enough compared to blazing Decem ber, whioh, indeed, is a veritable vapor bath in Queensland. The morning-bell had sounded, awaken* ing the hands from their slumbers to bogin,another day of toil and weariness under a vertical sun. Such a hot sun,_ the like of which is scarcely realizable by thoso who havo not stood for hours under its scorching rays within the denso cane brako whither 110 breeze to refresh the body finds its way. For hours toil the coolies, ridding the ground of noxious weeds whioh seem to grow in a night in this natural forcing-house. Then afar off are soon tho patient plough horses tramping through yielding soil heavy anil irksome after tho late rains, in order to propare the ground for noxt. year's crop. Slowly and with mea sured trend, groaning and tugging at their chains, aro seen teams of bullocks, dragging bohind them mountain loads of firewood to feed tho over-ready jawa of tho huge furnaces, whilst the stalwart driver walks slowly beside them with many a curse on their heads and many a cut from his double-thonged whip when they shirk the slightest. The mill grinds on without cessation until the crop is off. No sooner are the day toilers released than a gang fQr night work succeeds them. The huge rollers are silent for a time and give way to tho whirling centrifugals and vaouum j>an bubbling and dancing with the saccharine matter whioh ia to be converted into sugar. It ia all life and" energy, the work of a BUgar plantation. Races from all countries mingle to gether, i'he shrewd Scotch engineer, who has charge of the machinery ; the heathen Chinaman, who wields an axe to prepare fresh sugar land by felling the jungle; the treacherous Malay, who skulks and would like to run a knife through anyone who offends his dignity were it not that the laws of Queensland ave not thoso of his own peninsula and ho fears the consequences. Then come all tho overseers, rouse-abouts,mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading steamers with the precious bags of sugar that will eventually find their way to the Melbourne and Sydney mar kets, others carting " megass" to the mill furnaces which has been drying under the sun for days pnst, Dusky and woll-proportioned women with babos slung at their backs move about arrayed in cheap, bright garments purchased at a neighboring store, load ing drays with fuel. For the women of the South Seas know hard work equally with tho men wooding and stripping tho cane, laughing with the bright sunshine playing on their pearly tooth, which might cause a sigh of envy from many a less favored woman of fairor hue, and over all the brilliant sunrays gleaming on whitoned roofs and throwing shadows across tho purplo-hued mountains whioh frown like mighty fortresses that have been scorched aud wind-swept for cen turies past, 