DRIVING CATTLE THROUGH THE STREETS. via THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. All IN Ci J-LU-lcny- VJFA xvii **_i*."__. Sir -The cattle-driving nuisance which is so much in evidence in more than one of the western suburbs is a blot on our boasted progress that requires to be wiped out Only the patience of a law-abiding community would tolerate what has long since developed from a more nuisance into a positive danger The regulations of the various borough councils are openly disregarded and cattle are free gently driven through the streets during prohibited hours to the menace of all, old and young The police authorities are either powerless or wink at what they do not care to interfere with It is positively unsafe for ladies or children on certain days of the week to be in some streets after 5 p m or before 7 30 a m Indeed, it would almost seem as if over the streets of those Suburbs still lingered like ghosts of the past some of the rights of travelling stock which still obtain on prescribed routes on the back blocks Many of the droves completely block up the road, and it is dangerous for a y vehicle for a ride with a shy horse to meet them The drovers, as a rule, give the travelling public but scanty consideration, and for the time being treat the highway as solely for their own use In the morn- sings large numbers of the cattle are rounded up in the various paddocks in the suburbs to be driven to the abattoirs, and the noise of the drovers and their dogs sometimes approaches that of a veritable pandemonium to the annoyance of all in the vicinity Such a disgraceful state of things and more in harmony with Sydney as it was half a century am should not, I submit, be tolerated any longer Why should the safety, peace, and comfort of a people be continually endangered for the convenience of a wall -I..,,. n4 ,"H vi Innla Thornlands interested in small iiumDeroi previous ttiAirfwln? November 4. It is not the French women, but our fair cousins from across the Atlantic who are the Parisian jewellers' best customers (says a London contemporary). Mrs. Mackay, to name only one of the happy owners of almost priceless jewels, has, it is stated, a string of diamonds two Cards long, every stone of which is without a saw. he Empress Eugenie had a magnificent necklace of white pearls, the largest of which were the use of small pigeons' eggs. After the Franco-German war the Empress sold the pearls to Mdme. de Pairs for the sum of 300,000 francs, which Mama. Laxettes brought to London in a tiny bag, ' v 