YE CHRONICLES OF ZEEHAN. And New Chum was Bore opprest because a bosom friend of his, called Kng Get, chtded him, saying, 'go to, tbon liald head, thon ,art turned leligious,',', and New. Churn sighed, for his record was bust, and these who had drank with him, passed coldly hy. And Brownus was told thai then owelleth beneath the shadow of a hill, 'called Dundas, a race known as Doodasites, and ne whispered unto one, But Lir, 'we will toddle out and tell them a tale, for Haslettns, formerly of the tribe,' Talnni, has already spoken onto them,' and Brownus and But tir toddled. And, behold ! there was a wayside inn, where John Son abideth. and fathered there were Ev Hinga, Brid U, Andenonia, Dnunus, and even Dig Bi ; and Brownus tuned his lute to tbe same melody that lie sang in the Ball of the Sindi Kate ia the City of Zeehan ; and again the chair said, 'aye I it is carried.' And the trays were brought forth and tanglefoot flowed like the waters of the Hen Ty, and one called Mohoir declaimed in three chapters whit a Sweet Songiter called Gordon had written ?( ' Better days,' and Dig 111 said 'hear, hear,' and even He Vings lifted np his voice and 1st tue uooaasites Know mat ne was acquainted with a lady called even ' Norah McShane.' Aod Mohoir epalce of a dog that had saved his life, and Brid Li said 'what a pity,' and tbe hard of heart of Doodas laughed a lsrf. And they of the tribe Brownns all became merry of heart, for they reckoned In their wisdom that the memory of Haslettns would be washed out by the streams of the liquor called tanglefoot, bnt they knew not that men of the tribe Doodas were champion Whis Ki eaters, and with their lips they pledged Brownus and drank his fermented juice, and John Son called in even the men called Bouse About* and all were glad, bat Jehu Son was the gladdest. And the heart of Brownus was light, and throwing back his flowing loeks he sang like unto the nightingale a song of ' Lady Nancy ' and when the rippling musio of the voice of Brownus chaunted 'that ehe died' dim High mocked and said 'no wonder' and Brownus became angered and retired to his conch of met leave*. And they held high revels unto the custom of Doodas, where each man Bleeps in his boots, and those of Zeehan, who were visitors, cried aloud, 'What a time we are bavin;.' And the fires blazed merrily on the hearths some where else, for there was none at Doodas. And John Son borrowed from New Chum pieoes of paper to mark down the wines they drank. And even, behold, tbe pencil he used had two points, and marked twice for once, but as Heir ljuortus, lie that is learned in the iaw, aayeth, 'This is the custom of the oonntry.' Allwil be satisfied except Brownus, and how he will aqnirm on settling day. And there came unto tbe inner wall of Zeehan a man whoeriedaloud, ' Woennto us, the : flee. Mooted- snnles r have arrived without your malls,' and one called Herald sent forth a messenger called Wire, saying unto Man Gra V Where is our mailiO and Hah Gra replied, (' nit it, is right buck old-un.' And what U written at thedosepf the preced ing chapter is what he would have spake had he known that tho mails were lost, but le ; be was of the race Government, and they are paid to know nothing, exoept when .the pay day arrireth, and the ghost walketh. And one, Sharp Anteir, small of stature, but big of waterproof, bora astride bis Broiling face, eyes o! glass that glared dreadfully on those that were not polite of manner, and he journeyed by tbe road tbat lradeth from Strahan to Zeehan, and peering with his Argus eyes into the wrecks of a palace, called a shanty, spied there the missing [mail begs, and lie olappeth his bands with joy s,nd said ' Jerusalm ' which meajieth '-By thunder.' And Sharp Anteir called one Ba Li to his sido and consulted with him, saying, ' Mah Gra - has made a bloomer/1 yea ; will we bear these bags unto Zeehan on aumpter mules and gladden the heart of G. Heeves, a learned man of iettera, who sftteth by an embrasure and crieth 'over- weight four abekels ' all the livelong day, even into the hours ;of [night. And they did.- -?- .'A . And one Karl (ion walked over the para pet of the bridge thBt lesdeth by the doors ol Wax Man, even into the moat called Pea Soup Oreek, and got the wettest wet he' ever had, and New Obum took forth a lantern, and sought in vain for the aix lights tbat those of the race called Frogreca said aloud, 'Yea we will 'lighten fyour darkness with,1' and Vttm Ohum found them not, but found ons called Cross Man, of the tribe Bob His, ?sleep by the wayside, ana the tnuslo of his saore was like unto the baas of those called the Zeehan Band. ? Aad ? shall It not be written hereafter T NEW CHUM. ''One Interested.'— In order to settle an argument will yon Idndly state the simple meaning of 'Superficial Meamrement' and bilge. , Answer— Every thing on the surtaos. [Ed,] 