Original TUBSTRA-PA. CHAPTER XVII. Chums by the Fireside. < dear Brushlands, you always do get the ll|jffl| most absurd ideas into that head of yours ¥lvil I ever heard of. 1 assure you I j ICjlAy) \ never entertained the notion for a moment. It was Stephen speaking to his friend some hours after pending his note, as they sat at the fire together and smoked a brotherly pipe. ' You did not,' said his friend, slowly, in the ques tioning satirical voice that was habitual to him, accompanied by an unflinching gaze, that seemed to pass right through you, as though his attention were fixed upon something far beyond your material body. ' You also, I suppose, did not go out of your way to get introduced to her ? You did not take to attending concerts and operas, and following generally the music craze of the day ? You did not get invitations to the dances she was going to attend? You did not, of course, dance more with her than with anyone else ?' Yes, I did all that 1 not because I was in love with her, but because it pleased me to cultivate her acquain- tance. I never had the slightest desire to marry her. ' Do you know, if I were Miss Bareyth, I should think that a pretty cool assurance ? And allow me to remark, that everyone gives you credit for the desire, if you do not entertain it. Have you bid her good bye?' ' No, I shall send a note. I did not know until this afternoon that I was going, and except yourself, shall see no-one. There is a lot of business to see to. Surely my going to Australia without seeing her will be sufficient proof that my attentions meant no more than the friendship they never went beyond. I liked her because she reminded me of some one I knew in Australia, someone who has the same coloured eyes, and bears the same name, and who, to tell you the truth, as a secret, is her own cousin.' ' Have you any more surprises for me ? Perhaps you will like to tell that you were not in love when you went away from England before ? or that you were never an admirer of a fair-haired actress ; that would be something new.' ' Strange that you should bring up that affair, old man. Do you know, which may well surprise you, that my uncle has been talking it over with me this afternoon, and he knew all about it at the time. It seems he offered me the trip to get me out of the way. I was surprised, because he so rarely remarks on my doings out of office, and keeps himself so much shut up in his den, that I never thought for a moment he would hear of it.' 'Perhaps a mutual friend informed him, with the desire to keep you from suicide or any other painful expression of infatuation ?' 'Was I infatuated ?' said Stephen, knocking the ashes out of his pipe and proceeding to fill it again, ' I suppose I was. Well, 1 shall never be again.' 'Won't you? There is nothing of the sort to be feared in connection with the Australian cousin of pretty Miss Bareyth.' ' Ronnie Bareyth is four years old ' — shortly spoken. Brushlands laid back, with his eyes shut, and laughed aloud. ' What on earth are you laughing at ?' exclaimed Stephen, irritably ; ' what is there funny in a child being four years old ?' ' Oh. worse and worse I You are incorrigible. Melrose. You keep as serious and matter-of-fact as if you had never said a funny thing in your life, and all the time you are owning to be so far infatuated with a child of four years old that you follow her cousin about all over London because she reminds you of her ; and Bow, of course, you are going out there, to that out landish place, to see how much she has grown, for, of course, you mean she was four when you saw her last, and she now is — what do we say ? eight, seven years ago you were there ; add that on, and it makes eleven ; there, you cannot marry her, you know.' ' Why will you be perverse 1' Stephen questioned, rather wearily. < I tell you, Miss Bareyth never aroused more than a friendly feeling in me, while I really dislike the rest of the family — father, mother, and married daughters.' ' What 1 you dislike the father, when he stands up and points an attenuated forefinger at you whilo he discourses on the low tendencies of ' the fellows who write for the papers, you know ?' And can you say you dislike the mother, when it becomes time to leave an assembly, and she gives that little convulsive jerk of the neck towards her daughter, or the married daughters when ' ' Yes 1 yes I all of them, at all times. You need Bot remind me of their little ways, I know them all ; but Miss Bareyth iB a nice girl, and I hope that she will marry a nice man.' ' Before you come home again, I will send you a telegram if she does, for it would surprise me as much RB your going off juBt aB you are beginning to be popular iu Bociety,' It was past midnight, by the clock, when Stephen saw his friend down stairs, and opened the door for him, and they shook hands with a fervent ' God bless you, old boy,' before they parted ; the one going outside had not walked the length of the street before he stood still, with his gaze fixed on a solitary star, high in the sky, and laughed aloud again ' Poor old Stephen ! I never heard of anything so deliciously ridiculous. It is worse than the actress, and bethinks he has grown wise. However, I won't tell his uncle this time, as she is only four years old, in his fancy, and her eleven years will likely enough put him out of conceit with his idea.' He spoke half aloud, and laughed still as he went his way. Back in his room, Stephen opened a draw, and took thereout the folded leaf of a pocket-book. For seven years it had lain there unlooked at ; yet, as he opened the paper, he owned to himself that it contained the talisman of all his hopes and exertions, a crumbled piece of bread. Had he been, and was he still, living in a dream, he asked himself, as he touched the mil dewed fragment of Ronnie's meal? Was it possible that he had determined in his own miud that a mere baby was to be his wife ; that he should wait until she had grown up on the other side of the globe, and then go and fetch her as though like a princess of old, she had been betrothed in her cradle, and grown up with the same expectation ? No, he was quite sure he had never been so foolish, until Brushlands had laughed, no such possibility had entered his mind ; but Brushlands, who was always dwelling on the most out-of-the-way fancies, and hatching wierd crochets, had made out a case for himself on the very slightest supposition. It was not at all likely that he should meet her again, even if they were still living on the mine. Her father was not likely to stay very long in one place, and Australia was so scattered and disconnected in her settlements that it would want an indefatigable traveller, with unlimited time', to find the location of one erratic wanderer. And if they did chance to be in one of the places he visited, would the child know him ? Would the father even remember any particular one of the various travellers who came and went on the goldfields ? It was most improbable. Certainly, he remembered distinctly the kisses she had given him, and the words she had spoken, and how she had looked on the dusty road the day that she gave him the bread ; but she was only a child, and would forget before a week that he had ever been with her. Poor little Ronnie I Perhaps her father had died, and left her alone on that wild plain, to the pity or kindness of a chance friend. She might have drifted into a Destitute Asylum, or onto a station, as nursegirl, so many of the mining families left daughters behind with the settlers' wives as they travelled the country. It would be as well to make the stations one of the features of the trip, and visit them all, so that a general report could be deducted. If her father had been fortunate, and sent her to school, she would be in a city, and grown much like other schoolgirls, then she would not lack companionship or care, in a little while he would be there and find out something of what had befallen her, until then -His wandering thoughts came back to the relic in his hand, and gazing at it, his face became slowly suffused with deep crimson, and his lips trembled slightly as he murmured — ' Yes, it is true 1 I am infatuated, little Ronnie, with a beautiful dream. A lovely phantasy of what could be, and I did not know it was a dream that made me happy, until Brushlands took me by the shoulders and shook me, that woke me from it. I wish he had not disturbed me, it is so pleasant to dream and not know that tve are dreaming. I know I may go to Australia, and find you, and be disappointed in you, but I like to think otherwise. Dreams have come to pass. Though I never see you again, I will keep my relic until I die, sweet, generous, beautiful child ! I will be infatuated I' Then he folded it up. and set to work sorting papers out of his drawers, once more the methodical, practical sub-editor, whom no- one but Brushlands ever believed capable of carrying about romantic dreams in his mind, as infantile as the memento he carried next his heart. With the same business exactness Stephen pursued his investigations, observations, and note- takings, through the southern hemisphere as he practiced in his English office, delighting his uncle with the clear instructive articles he sent, full of interest to the British public. Mines, stations, towns, parliaments, public buildings, statesmen, exports, constitutional pro gress, population, public feeling even, passed through his critical dissection. He enjoyed his work, enjoyed to do it well and be repaid for it. The difference from the monotony of his life and work in London was pleasant to him, but be had not known until he revisited the places he had seen how great a change had taken place in himself through the lapse of time. He did not now regard everything with the surprised intelligence of an ardent mind, he contemplated it with the cool discern ment of educated thought. Within himself he felt the change in his own ideas and feelings as he passed from place to place, from country to country, bearing ever his sole relic of the former trip, but never meeting the donor by mount or stream, by design or chance. No- one could tell him aught of the couple he wished to see, not any of the miners he had known at Blue Hill turned up at other goldfields, all the faces and all the names were new, and there seemed none who had heard anything of Bareyth, or could report anything of his whereabouts. As for Blue Hill itself ; well, he went there, arriving in broad daylight this time. He had heard by the way that the mine was played out, and scarcely expected to find many people there, yet he was hardly prepared for' the desolation that became plain to him. Riding over the same track he had left by, he passed to the top of the hill, as the noon- day sun passed slowly through a cloudless sky. It was not Christmas time, but the grass was dead by the wayside, and the whole plain looked scorched in the glave of the sun. Stephen looked in vain for the white canvas tent or the smoke of a camp fire. All the place was still and quiet as a graveyard. A strange desperate feeling stirred his heart as he looked round on the familiar scene, and spurring his horse, he rode at a gallop right into the middle of the deserted camp. The hoof strokes of his horse echoed from a thousand hollows in the empty mine, but not a living soul met his gaze. For a hundred miles, as it seemed to him, no human trace could be seen of recent date. The tracks and paths about the camp were obliterated by grass and shrubs, the ashes of the fires were so rotted into the ground that he had to look for them, and could but uncertainly decide which were the places he had known best ; here and there old boots and clothes were distinguishable, where they lay rotting on the ground, with tins and bottles, or tent pegs, a very small flock of goats scattered from the shelter of what had once been Wildson's premier boarding-house, and was now a tumbled heap of boards and canvas, as he passed along, then herded again at a distance to face him with startled uaze : thev were the groats left behind that the miners had been unable to take with them when leaving the emip, and they never wandered very far from the scanty ruins were they had once been tented. After impatiently riding hither and thither, the disappointed traveller halted and shouted aloud. It was so dreadful to come to the place you had seen last full of hundreds of busy workers and find not one voice to reply to your own, ' not a single person to tell me when, where, and how the camp scattered,' ho muttered, biting his lips, while he rose in the saddle, and gazed round again. ' Those goats would not be so frightened if they ever saw anyone else. I will camp here to-night and see whether any ghosts rise to give information, or speak of the dear departed.' Y ain ! quite vain to seek Marie's grave in the moon light. There are many dead bodies beneath the earth round about it, but none of them will rise and speak until the great day of Judgment. The moonlight falls whitely on the little brown mounds, throwing a long shadow from the cross at Galvini's head over Marie's grave, and alone in the deserted plain, while the plaintive curlews wail in the distance. Stephen knelt and prayed. There was no human being to see or to hear. If he had fallen down and died he might have turned to dust before anyone came that way to look at those deserted graves, all alike, sky, and earth, and air, quiet with the desolation of animation. It was not for the dead that Stephen prayed, nor for himself, but for the little child he had loved when the plain was stirred by the busy hum of active humanity, and many an anxious heart beat with hope and longing in Bight of that shadowing cross. He prayed that she might be safe from harm, shielded from evil in the world ; wherever her youthful steps might be led that friends should be raised around her. There had always been the thought, almost the certainty, in his heart that he would sec her here, so that while lie comprehended his disappointment he knew that there was now very little chance of his seeing her at all. There were but few more places for him to go to, those not the most likely for Bareyth to have called in, while all the world was open to attract a man of such varied capabilities, and he felt like one who having followed long the bright hope of a new life finds himself fallen suddenly in the ashes of an old one. (to be continued.) 