Sunday Reading. The Physician o* the Body, and the Physician or the Soul. Ts a sermon preached in St. Paul's Cathedral, before the Guild of S. Luke, on the Eve of S. Luke's Day, the Kev. Canon Nowbolt (successor to the late Canon Liddon) said that when Sakya-Muni, in the Buddhist legend, breaks forth from the gilded captivity of a luxurious court, in which his father had tried to stifle in him the ascetic promise of his earlier life, he is startled by the phe- nomena of a Buffering world, which had hitherto been kept away from him. The eight of an old man tells him that life is no perpetual youth ; the sight of a sick man, another unknown phenomenon, speaks to bim of the vast possibilities of suffering, as well as the capabilities of pleasure ; while at last, the first sight of death, the first con- fronting with a body from which life had fled-an experience still full .of gloom and Badness to us all-decided his course. Men were growing old,- were failing in sickness, were dying around him ; life was not meant for a gluttonous dream of sensual pleasures; be must first know the causes of such misery, and help in the disentanglement of the human race : he breaks away from his surroundings, and devotes himself to the amelioration of humanity. It is always, I venture to think, an astounding thought to those who pause to think-the infinite sorrows and sufferings of the world. As we passed down to this church to-night, if only we could have known the tragic histories which passed us in the streets ; if only we could have known what was meant by those closely drawn blinds and tbe mu (lied house ; if only wo bad paused to enter the well-lighted wards of the hospital ; yes, if only we had listened as we came up through tho country to tho inarticulate wail of failure, and incomplete- ness, and aimless effort going on around us, even in the material world, perhaps we could hardly endure, as has been beautifully said, " that eternal element of tragedy which lies in the very fact of frequency. If wo had a keen sense and feeling of all ordinary human life, it would bo like hearing the grass grow, and the squirrel's heart beat, and we should die of that roar which lies on the other side of silence." "Nothing but the Infinite Pity is sufficient for the infinite pathos of human life." And yet men, and whole classes of men, are found, like Gautama-tho Buddha in the legend--ready to break out, to cast aside case, voluptuousness, ambition, plea- sure, in the cause of humanity. Nay, it is no longer an impulse, it ÍB a sacred duty which has. appealed with a mighty force to all those who aspire to be followers of the Crucified-" Who for us men and for our salvation came down from Heaven, and was conceived by the Holy : Ghost of tho Virgin Mary. And . waB made man. Ho suffered." ' Yes, it has been a mighty impulse which has never ceased to stir the . foll lowers of Jesus of Nazareth, " Who went about doing good." How can I best meet pain and want and degradation, and the manifold ills which lean upon a fallen world?. Beneath His gentle eye, tho little children and the feeble old men, and tho wasted invalid, and the worn slave, steal out to offer suffering, when all other action is denied them, as their contribution to tho world's good. And Christ and His follow- ers hare welcomed them. In His train has sprung up tho hospital-that creation of Christianity-tho tenderness and patience for those destined only to circle slowly round the semi-Btagnant pool of a suffering life, while the great torrent of activity rushes by them. Oh ! it is a grand thing, as you view life's conflict CIOBO at hand, beneath tho glitter and flash and smoko of the combat, to eeo tho many forms who are moving up and down, regardless of peril, and heedless of life, to minister to thoso who are hard hit in life's conflict and dragging out a maimed, existence in silent suffering. . . . . If I understand it aright, tho aim of this guild is- to recognise in every way the dignity and greatness of the medical profession, its unique oppor- tunities and its immense responsibilities ; and therefore bear with me if I ask you to see how, as it seems to me, the work of tho priest and of the physician aro caught up into tho same high level, juBt as tho work of the evangelist and physician are combined in S. Luke. 