THE « OHUROH " AND' THB BIBLE; - Slidest of - some of the minnte parasites, prepared as transparent objects, are oooasion- ally exhibited in a highly, magnified form for ! the pnrpose of showing the snctorial apparatus by which they exhaust the vigour of the ' higher creatures on which they pray. Simi larly, two sermons preached at St. Matthias', Earl's Court, as reported in tbe West London Chronicle of Jnho 7 and 14, may be taken as an enlarged representation of a resolution to be moved to-day at a meeting of the English Church Union. The English Chnroh Union are to be called npon to tbank the prelate who presides over the See of London for his valuable utterance on Christian edncation, and on the office and work of the " Church " in regard thereto, as expressed in the following words " Althongh the Bible was the groat text book of religious instruction for the world, the Lord did not first have the Bible written and then send forth His apostles to leotnre on it. He sent forth His Ghnrch ; He made the Church ; He inspired His Church ; and that part of the Bible which is most precious to us came afterwards. He sent forth men to do tbe work. The New Teetamont was the great instrument by which they were to do' it, but the Church that Ha created was the agent to use that instrument ; and it was to invert altogether the order of instruotion which tbe Lord bad given them if they supposed that ' the instrnment was to do the work by itself," Father Matnrin said on Trinity Sunday " There is not a reasonable man npon the face of this earth who believes or who teaohes that yon may go to yonr Bible and find your faith in it. Yet the Catholio Church (!) is the only one that has the courage to speak out and say, ' We do not send any one to the Bible until we have crammed him full of prejudices.' The reason why we are to believe the doctrines of Jesus Christ is beoanse they come tons with the authority of His Chnroh." "According to Scriptore, to reject the Ghnrch is to reject Christ." " Wo come before yon as the represaatativos as a body that is infal lible ; the only body that claims to teach withabsolnte authority" (W. L, C. Chronicle, June 7). On June 8 the Rev. Father con- tinned his sermon. Ho said : " ' Private Judgement' was not allowed in the Chnroh." " The Creeds and Articles must be interpreted literally, as the paity known as the High Church Party interpreted them. Neither the Low Chnroh Party nor the Board Church Parly conld be trusted in this respect." "As to the interpretation of Holy Scripture, freedom of opinion was not ' allowed. It was all very well to talk' of ' loving the : Lord Jesus,' a very common phrase, but outside the Chnroh a man could not love Him. Was the Chnroh of England, then, infailibe? So far as the doctrines she held and taught were those held by all the rest of the one Chnroh Catholio, she certainly conld not err; she was infallible. She would: not admit any one who questioned this in the; / slightest degree. Hov infallibility no one might dare to call in question ; for, in listen ing to her voice, her members listened to tne , very voice of God" (W. L. C. Chrohicle, June 14). The utterances of the Cowley Father are aoffioiently distinct to show the conBeqaences and cSects of the resolntion of the English Cbnrch Union. It would seem that the moat apathetic must be aroused, the moat optimiatic be convinced that the time is come when inen must put forth their utmost energy in defence of God's Truth. Most sure it is that the battle of the Beformation is not ;et finished. Yet another fierce struggle there will be before the final victory is won. Men must again gird on their armour and take the sword of the Spirit as the combatants of old. Ridley, Bishop of London, said : ."OhriBt would have the Oburch, Hia spouse, in all donbfs to ask counsel at the Word of His Father, written and faithfully left and com mended unto it in both Testamentif, the Old and the New. Neither do we read that Christ in any place hath laid so great a burden open the members of His spouse that He both commanded them to go to the Universal Church." (Works. Park. Ed., p. 131, 132.) The Bishop of London of the 16th century is not in agreement with the Cowley Father of the 19tb. Sandys, Archbishop of York, declarea that " The foundation of our religion is the written Word, the Scriptures of God, the undoubted records of the Holy Ghost." " It has been the practice of all the defenders of the troth, since the beginning, to rely their faith only upon the Scripture and written Word." "Let anything but the written Word of God take place in matters of faith, and who seeth not that very main sea of heresies mnst needs break in upon the Church of God ? " (Park. Ed., p. 14-16.) Prebendary Becon affirms that " Christ and Christ's troth is oiily learned of the Holy Scriptores. They that teach any other thing than the Scriptures, teach not Christ, but human inventions," He quotes. Origen as follows : — ' It ig needful for us to call the Holy Scriptures info witness, for our judg ments ano expositious without these witnesses have no faith" (Works, Park. Ed. L, pp. 87, 88). Bishop . Hooper declares his faith as follows ; — " I believe that the Word of God : is of a far greiater authority than the Church, the which Word only doth sufficiently show. ' and teach us all those things that in any wise concern our salvation." (Works, Park. Ed. II., p. 43.) Latimer, Bishop and Martyr, said, "All Popish things (for the most part) a man's inventions, whereas they ought to have the Holy Scripture for the only rule of faith." " Adieu to all Popish fantasies. For one man having the Scripture and good reason for him, is more to be esteemed himself alone than a thousand snch as they (the Papists), either gathered together or succeeding each other." (Parker Ed. of Ridley's Works p. 112-114). Prebendary Bradford denounceth the ene mies of Scripture. " Woe," he says, "to all tbem which either persuade men that there is either doctrine of like authority, or that dissuade men from embracing this Word — this Word of God " (Works, Park. Ed. II., p. 8, 9). The words of Bishop Jewel, in his reply to Dr; Cole, are weighty, and may be commended to the attention of the Cowley Father and those who agree with him : — " 0, master doctor, let us lay aside all self-will and con tention, and have recourse only unto the truth that God hath revealed to us in His Holy Word. For thereby shall ye be able to know whether the Church do right or no ; and thereby shall ye be able to reform her if she happen to do amiss. For it is possible the Church may err, but it is not possible the Scriptures may err. And the Scripturea of God have authority to reform the Church ; but 1 never beard that the Church hath authority to reform the Scripture." "To say, as some of you have said, the Church is the only rule of our faith, and, whatsoever God-saith in His Word, she can never err, is as much as if a man would say : Howsoever I be sun goeth, . yet the clock mnst needs go true. For God's truth is an everlasting truth, and bangeth not upon the pleasure or determination of men ; but, being once true, is true for ever. God opens the eyes of our hearts that we msy see it, and rejoice in it, that the truth may deliver us " (Works, Park. Ed. I., p. 79). It is difficult to understand how the Cowley ather can call" himself a member of the Church of which Jewel was a Bishop.— JEnglish Churchman,'' i B. M. N. 