3oOxtEI- J^Q^ BY ' YEEAX,' Author of ''With tho Tide,' 'Hard Hit,' ' Bluo and Wlilte,' &a.; BPECiiAXJSx^vRrrnssFoit. the - nKPKnEE.' JlLTi BIGHTS EESEBVED. OnAPTEB XXV. WE'VE BEEN SOLD. T'\ESPITE their losses Hocto'r Flushton ?AS _and Marlon- thou(,'ht thoy could umnago to como up to time ou settling day, mid the stnko won by St. Alino would hedp thorn to nqunro nccounta. Ahirlow had (vstormy intorviow with Tom Cn6o, and ho did not got tho bottor of it. Ho openly accused tho jockoy of pulling St. Alino in tho trials nt; Caulliold, nnd al though lit) had doniod it, he did so in u half-hearted kind of wny, and ut tho con ciusiou saiu : ' If you don't think I rodo square, I'll lenvo your stable. I've dono u, lot of dirty work for you, and I'm diuhod if I'll do any moro. lean toll aomo nice talosjiboutyour horaoa, so you'd bottor not nay too much nbout mo. I backud St. Aluio if that's any consolation to you, und so did my brother, and wo won n. fair sttvUo. You soo, whon I'm lot nlono I always rido to win,' said Tom, with a grin. ' You'ro a pair of scoundrels,' said Mnr low ; ' and tho sooner you clear out bf this tho bettor I shall liko it. I'll toko good euro your character's well known, and I don't fancy you -will got many moro mounts.' ' Suy what you liko,' said Tom. ' T don't think the public hayo a very high opinion of your honooty.' 'Wo'vo boen sold,' said Marlow to Flushton. 'No doubt nboutit.. That ? Ind, Case, pulled St. Almo in tho trial. What a cer tainty ib was ; but, by jovo, if Blalio had coma sooner with Bluo Blood wo should havo had to put up with second placo, I fancy.' ' I always said St. Alino was tho bettor liorso,' growled ii'lushton ; ' but you will havo your own way. You see what's como o£ it. I'm about cleimod oufc.' ' I thought you sr.id you had a good thing to fall back upon,' said Marlow. ' So I have. That's my businoss. Wo don't sharo in it. It's not a racing trans action,' snarled Flushton. ' Blackmailing then, I'll bet,' grumbled Marlow. ' Tako care. You may go too far,' said Flushton. 'Notwith yon.I think,' said Marlow. ' I know you pretty well. Somo of your trans actions wouldn't bear niuoh light being thrown upon thom.' ' Well, it's no uso quarrelling,' said Flushton. ' We shall havo to make tho boot of it. Do you know who is tho biggeBt winner over St. Almo ?' ' No,' replied Mnrlow. ' Eeubou Potter,' said Flushton. Marlow's language will not boav lopeftt inpf. Ho nearly choked with rage. It happoned that Reuben Potter had laid their St. Almo money off for them, and, of course, had kept it himself. 'Ho must have been in league withthoso lads,' said Llarlow, when he had mastered his temper. ' No doubt about' it,' said Flushton. ' Thoy'vo had n. nico haul.' ' Curso them,' said Marlow. ' By ? , I'll be even with them yet. I'll have re venge on Eeuben Potter if I swing for it.' ? ..-..-- .-- ,..— Tho trainer's countenance bore such a fiendish malignant expression that Huotor Flushton turned palo as ho said : ' For Heaven's sake, Marlow, no violence You look fierce enough to kill the fellow.' ' I'd like to shoot, him as I would a dog,' said Marlow. ' Look at all tho good things ho has stood in at with us, and then to buck on us liko this. If ho were here now, and jve could koop it dark, Baubou Potter would not enjoy much of his winnings.' 'If you talk liko that I'll wash my hands of you,' said Flushton. ' Wo'vo Io3t the racB, und been dono all round, but it will only make mutters a thousand timo worso to tako revongo in that way. No, it won't do, Mnrlow. Drop that game, or I'll not go in with you again.' ' How are wo to pay him back ?' said Marlow, ' I tell you I'll be roveuged on him. Potter shall know what it is to tamper with lads of mine.' ' We'll find out a way to get at him,' said Flushtonj 'but it's no good using violence, at least not if we aro to appear in it,' he added, O3 an after thought. 'Ah,' said Marlow. 'That's not a bad idoa. Can't we put Bomebody on to him. Wo might do it carefully, and no ouo bo tho wiser.' ' I'll think about it,' said Fluahton. 'Ifs a dangerous game, but I'm quite as much in earnest as you arn about having our rovengo on Potter. Ho's boon the prime mover in this atl'air, you bofc.' Dangerous men, Marlow and Flushton when thwarted, but, liko most men of this class, arrant cowards nt heart. They would do deeds ufc which, men tremble, if tho chances of dotection were small, or if tho odds were in their fnvor. When Marlow thought ovor tho nffnir alone, he bocamu moro and moro imbued with the idea that he must havo it out with ICoubon Potter. ? But how, that was .tho question.'. Ho knowPottor well, and had been tho nwans of putting money into that individual's pocket, and ho considered it a mean action for the man to go back on him. .' . ? . ?;' ' ? Marlow wna also well aware of tho haunts Potter, frequented, aud some of tho gambling olubs we'ro occasionally tho scene of quarrelB, which might easily . result seriously. '. 'i' '. . i Ho thought tho best plan would bo to get a sot of men at one of these clubs to plliy cards with Potter^ and then ho could accuso him of cheating, get up a row, nnd in tho scuflle that was almost sure to follow something might happen, which could not well bo tixpd on Vny, single individual of tho party. Marlow WH8 almost on his last legs, and the defeat of Porcuasion had boon asevoro blow to him. It was not the loss of his ntonoy troublod him so'iiiuoh as the idea liohud beon outwitted at the game he faucidd'he had no oqiuvl at. Meeting Koubon Potter casually in the streot/Marlotv said to him : ' 'I'hoar you had a big win ovor St. AlmdJ . I'd liko to know -whore you got your .information from. What induced you to back him ?' hull ' That's my.businoss,' said Po.tteB.^ 'I won a fair stako,' and managed tofrget on the right one in your stable for once' in a way.' , - '.'? ? ? ''?'?', 'You've been in at a' lot of our good things,' said Marlow,,' and I don't ;think you havo bohavo'd square in this business. It's; a conspirmy'i that's what it is, and by J'ove, I'll make you pay for thisTbefore I've lone with you/' - , : ; .' Potter laughed. Ho vis iv man qnito capable of takingcare of himself, and ho did not value Marlow's throats one iota. 'Do what you like, my friend,1' he said, 'but recollect tho law reaches protty far, i-.nd you'd have a bnd timo if you got into iU 'lttchoa. Take mj advice, Max ??liri ' 'i.u -1116 L ' '-'l - low. You've boon licked at your own game, and you had better make the beBt of it.' ? Marlow said no moro but walked on, and -Potter as 'he looked af tor him thought : 'You'vo had a nico knook Uhb timo, my friend. If you try and tako your rovongo out of mo, I reckon you'll have con siderably the worst of it.' Strango things happon Bvory twonty four hours, aud crimos nnd doeds of dark ness aro perpetrated almost daily. Tho papors teem with horrors, and evidenco tho rapid advances inado in cruolty and diabolical outrugo. Melbourne is a vast city, and has its scum nnd rofugo of society in abundance. Tho Monday night after the Nowmarket Handicap did not differ materially from any other night. ' : Peoplo hurried to and fro, and tho theatres wore filled with tho usual throngs. ' It was past midnight when Potter left his club, nnd with uono too Btondy Btopo proceeded on his way homo. Ho had won a considerable sum of memov, and his luck certainly seomod dead in. He pulled out his watch and looked at. it for a fow moments. ' ? 'Nearly ono o'clock,' ho : inutterod ; ' duahod if 1 boo a cab about anywhere. Hato walking home nights liko this. If I mot Marlow now it would bo a lark. I'd shako every bone in his body. Ho looked procious glum at the club, and so did his pal, Flushton. Well, it's no business of mine if they did lose their money.' Pottor walkod on, and passed the Princess Theatre and wont into tho park. ' Short out,' ho said, ' think I'll havo a roat.' He sat down on one of tho seats, pulled out his pipo and commenced to smoke. He remained there a fow minutes when a policeman came along, and he ovidontly know tho bookmaker. 'What, ia it you, Mr. Pottor ?' ho said, in a surprisod tono. ' This is not a vory safe plnco at this timo of night. You'd better got homo. Let me go part of tho way with you ; it's on my beat.' 'All sorone,' said . Reuben, as ho staggered to his feot, 'fact is, I've beon having a night of it. Won some money and got a little more champagne than waa good for mo. Such things .will happen, you know.' ' Hold up, sir,' said tho policeman, as Reuben stumbled, 'you'ro not very steady on' your legs, but I think thoy'll carry you home, now you havo got so far.' ' Been a pretty useful pair,' said Potter. ' I don't want to dissolve partnership with 'em yet. What's that ?' ' What's what,' said the constable. 'There, don't you see something,' said Potter, pointing to a few bushos at one side of them. ' There's nothing thoro, Mr. Potter, said tho constable, as he thought to himsolf, 'he's got tho D's suro onough. I think I ought to seo him home.' 'Fancied I saw a man thero,' said Pottor, 'It was all fancy, sir. . There'B no one aboufe,J' said tho constable. ? ' :' ' I'm all right now,' said Potter. ' It's not far to my place.' . Tho constable hesitated, as he said: 'You'ro sure you'ro alright now, Mr. Pottor.' ' You bot. I'll he home in ton minutes. Good night.' ' Good night,' said the constable, as ho watched him walk away. ' He'll get home right ouough now. It's not more than a quarter of a milo to his house.' He went back again through the park and resumed his monotonous round. Tho clocks chimed tho hours, and the con stable liBtenod. Three o'clock. ''Only throo moro hours,' ho said. ' Beastly cold niirht. Shall bo glad whon I'm off duty at six.' He stopped short, and listened. He fancied ho hoard someouo running along tho streot, and drew back in the shadow of a doorway. No, ho must have been mistaken. He looked out, but it was too dark for him to seo far, although tho lamp threw a dull glare around where ho stood. Ho drew back again quickly. Thero was no mis tako about it thia time. He could hear ?the footstop3, but now the individual, who ever it was, inuotbo sauntering loisurely along. The con stable 'walked in the direction in which the parson' was coming. In a fow momonta ho was face^to faco with a man he fancied he had seen before. ' You'ro out lato,' ho said. ' Yes. I'm an early bird, ain't I ? Yon see us poor beggars has to get up very early in the morning to mako a bit before breakfast. I'm hungry now, you bet, and havo been prowling around for tho last hour, just to keep warm.' . ' 'Which way'did you come ?' said the constable ? ..' ' , . . 'u- ''Right along there,' said tho man, point ing in the direction Reuben Pottor had gone. ? ? ? ??.'?' ,. 'I think I've soen you before?.' said tho .constable. , ;? ? ''Dareaay you havo, mato. I'vo boon away from, here for some years, but I'vo hod. no luck. Been at all sorts of games since I went Sydney way. Roving about tho world don't seem to suit my constitoo tion.' ' What's your name ?' said the constable ' That's protty cool,' was the unabashed reply. ' I'm not ashamed of, it. My name's — -.' 'Well, what is it?' said the constable, impatiohtly. 'Don't^bo in such a hurry, mister. I don't fancy I'vo got a card about mo,' said tho man, as ho fumbled in his ragged waistcoat/ ' . . . ' ' ' None ''of your nonsense with mo,' said tho constable ' You'vo no business roam ing about tho streets at this hour of the morning. 'Ifyoii won't tell mo your name, I'll find you a comfortable apartmont until it's daylight, whon you can explain matters iu the court.' 'It's vory hard a. decont honest man can't walk tho streets without being run in for doing nothing.*' 'How do I know yon'ro honost t' said the constable. ' How do you know I sin't ?' retorted the man. 'Come, give mo an account of yoursolf, and I'll let you go,' Raid the constable, iu a moro. friendly tone. :. '- My name's Bob Tonilin, and I'vo beon a sailor, ii horse copor.a lumper, and heaps of other things, but thor«'n one thing I'vo never been.' 'What's that?' said the constable. ' A loafer,' said Bob Tonilin. Th» conutftbW laughod, on ha said i ?bit. j.. 'Audi hope you novor will bo. Don't g«t into trouble, and take my ndvico, don't roam about the Btroota nt this hour of u morning, it may gut you into hot water.' ' You'ro not a bud sort for a copper,' said Bob, as ho trampod on his way. He hud not gono many stops, whon ho turned round aud Bhouted : ' Say, constablo.' Tliotomttublo halted, und said: 'What is it?'. Bob walked slowly back to him. 'I'vo thought of something also,' said Bob. ' Just boforo I mot you, a man went past mo, running liko mad, and out across yonder park place. Ho did glvo mo a start, and ljust caught a glimpse of hia faco. Ho was pale as a ghost, and looked Bcarcd-liko.' . 'Curious,' thought tho constable. 'I fanoiod I heard someone running.' 'Thanks,' ho said to Bob. 'I'll look round.' Bob wont on his way whistling, and the constable rosumod his march. ' Wonder what the deuce that follow had boon up to, running liko that. Must be Bomothing wrong about him, or ho'd novor want to get ovor tho grouud so fast.' Suddenly a thought scorned to strike him, and ho walkod rapidly along tho road Reuben Potter had taken a couple of hours before. It was a ahado lighter now, and as he reached Potter's houso he lookod around carefully. 'All seomod quiot and still. Tho house wa3 not a pretentious ono, but comfortable. Thoro was a gardon in front, and the ver andah was covorod with oreeporB, and in addition to this, trollis work had beon fixed up. This obscured the verandnh from the roiul, und tho countable, to mako sure all was vight, opened the gate and walked quietly on the grass up to tho stops. Everything looked in proper order, and ho was about to go away, when, seated in a chair,' at tho fnr ond of the verandah, he saw tho dim outline of a man's figure.' ' MuBt bo Pottor,' ho thought. ' Per haps ho aat down and went to sloop there. Ho must havo been bad to do that.' Ho went up to tho rocumbont figure, and thon Raw his suvmiso was correot. , It was Roiibon Pottor fast aaloop, with a handkerchief over his faco. ? The constable shook him by tho shouldor, and said : ' Como, Mr. Pottor, got up. You'll catch your doath of cold here.' No answer. ' Ho sloops soundly,' thought the con stablo, and shook him again. Tho motion caused tho handkerchief to fall from Potter's face. Tho constable looked at him with n, gaze of horror, as tho dim light shone faintly on tho faco. , There could bo no mistaking the meaning of thoso staring oyeballs, nearly starting from their sockets. Tho livid features wore distorted, and the facewaB horrible to look upon. Rouben Pottor was dead, strangled, while asleep in tho chair in which the con stable found him. (to be continued.) 