Sfoksi sad SMfaa. [NOW FUST PUBLISHED.] THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AND THE HEIR APPARENT. BY MRS. OUPHA27T, Author of 'The Son of his Father,' 'Sir Tom,' 'The Chronicles of Caitingford,' 'Neighbours oil the Green,' 'Oliver'* Bride,' &&,&&, [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] Chapter yXL (Continued.) But before .Lord frogmore awoke agitating rumours had already begun to run through the house. Nobody quite new what it waa ; but it began to be rumoured that her lady ship was not doing so well as was expected, tint she was in a bud way. Whether it 'was fever, or what it was nobody would teU. A consciousness of such a fact wOl breathe through a house or even a country without either details or certainty. TJte doctor's face, as he came downstairs, his lingering after it was clear he was no longer wanted, an ex clamation, surprised from the lips of one of the ladies or even, a gravity in the aspect of the nurse, to whom a curious housemaid had handed in something that was wanted, each supported and strengthened the other. Not so well as might be expected. When Lord Frogmore awoke it was afternoon, for he had slept long in the satisfaction of his soul and the calming of his fears, and he saw a revelation in the face of Rogers when questioned how my lady was. Rogers lied with his lips, or at least he brought fortli a little difficulty thg w*oi*l words £ but Lord Frogmore could not be deceived by ids face. The old gentleman rose -with a. sadden chill at h{n beart and dressed hurriedly w^ hastened to his wife's room, where he could see they were reluctant to admit him. Maty was lying with a clonded countenance, not like herself, not asleep as they said at first, but muttering to herself, and the faces of her sister and the nurse who were watching by her were very anxious. 'She wants some thing. Wiiat is it she wants?' said the old lord, anxiously. The experienced nurse shoot her head with an ominous gravity, and begged that the poor lady might not be disturbed. 'They are like that, sometimes,' she said, ' tOl they get a good sleep.' 'But what fait! What is it she wants * Get her what she wants,' said Lord Frog more, going to the aide of the bed. Mary saw him, for she moved a little and raised her voice. 'It is *{nrl— it is a girl— say it is a giri Say— say it is a girl T She looked at him with a piteous appeal that broke his heart. Ah no, she did not know him. She could satisfy her. ' It is a girl— you know — yen know it is a girl !' she cried. The heart of the poor old lord swelled to bursting. This was all as new to him as if he had been a boy-linsbaod, disturbed, yet so joyful and proud. 'No, Mary, he said; ** no, my dear. It is a beautiful boy. The thine I desired almost in the world was this Leir- Mazy gave a shriek that rang through all the souse. She got up in ber bed, her face convulsed with horror and terror. ** No, no,' she cried; 'do, no, no. The heir— not tue heir— not the heir. Ob, take it away. Didn't you hear what she said : It will grow up an idiot and kill us. Take it away^take it away.' 'Mary!' cried the old lord, taking her hand, -Mary! This is that wretched woman's doing that has frightened you. Mary, my love, it is your own child; a beanlafnl cfaOd. Our son, the boy I wanted, Mary.' Mary snatched her hand from bis. She Awtwlr away from him to the other edge of the bed. 'No, not a boy— no, no, no!— no heir!— there is an heir,' she cried, clutchicg at the woman who stood on theotlierHide, asif escaping from a danger. 'He doesn't know — he doesn't know,' she cried, flinging her self fP'' the nurse. ' It will grow up an idiot and kill me. Do you hear 7 Do yon hear? Say it's not so— oh, say it snot so!' ** No, no, my poor dear lady, no, no ! it's as you wish, it'll be all your wish,' said the nurse holding the patient in her arms. And Mary clung to the woman holding ber fast, whispering in her ear. Lord Frogmore stood with piteous eyes and saw Ids wife shrinking from T»imt tall-ing to the woman, who bent over her, with the dreadful whisper of insanity, which meant nothing. Was this what it had come to all the pride and triumph and joy ! The old lord stook with his limbs trembling under him, his old heart sore with dissappointnient and cold with horror. His mild Mary ! What had changed her in a moment in the fllusiou of happiness to this frenzied sufferer? When he saw that she kept hiding ber head in the nurse's breast, clinging to her, lie withdrew sorrowful and subdued to where Agnes sat by the fire with the little bundle of flannel on her lap. She was crying quietly under her breath, and looked up at himjas he came towards her with sympathetic trouble ' They say,' the whispered, 'that it's often so just at first when they want sleep. Oh, don't lose heart!' ' It's that accursed woman, he said under Ids breath. 'Oh I hope not— I hope it's only -she will be better when Bhe has slept. Look at him, poor little darling,1' said Agnes unfolding the shawls. ijoroFrogmore cast a troubled glance at the poor little heir who seemed about to cost him so dear. He had no heart to look at the child. He crept out of the room afterwards feeling all his yean and bia unfitness, a man near tensity, for the cares and responsibilities at a father. A father for t\ie first time in his seventieth year. And Mary, Mary ! So soon was triumph changed to terror and woe. The doctor gave him a little comfort when he came. He said that such cases were not very rare. So great a shock and ordeal to go through acted on delicate nerves and organisa tion with a force they were unable to with stand, and sometimes the mind was pushed off its balance. There would be nothing to be alarmed about if this state should continue for a weak or two or even more. It was not very uncommon. The doctor had various instances on his tongue as glib as if they had been a list of patronesses at a balL Nothing to be afraid of I It would pass away he de clared and leave no sign. As for the inter view with Mrs. John, he did not think that had anything to do with it ; there was quite enough to account for it without that. He thought it beat that Lord Frogmore should keep ont of the way not to distress Hmwif with so melancholy a, sight. Yes it was dis tressing and melancholy ; but eooh it would pass over, and be like a dream. The old lord was comforted by this consolatory upinion, for the first hour very much bo, hoping as he was told to hope, that in a few days all that alarmed him might be over, »*'i3 his wife re stored to him. But he was less confident at night, and stHl less confident next day. Indeed he wanted constant assurance that everything would soon be welL He flagged almost immediately after the new hope had been formed with him, as every day he stole into his wife's room, and every day came downstairs again with the horrible conviction that there was no improvement. Poor Mary I her very face seemed changed ; it was haggard and drawn, and her eyes so wistful and so watchful, shone upon him like stars, not of hope but of misery. Ob, the terror in them, and the watchfulness ! For some days she irjui afraid of I1?'!, and turned to the nurse from him, as if to hide herself from his look. But bye-and-bye she became quiet, supporting his presence, but keeping a watchful eye upon film ? supporting H''t And enduring his presence. Oh, what a thing to say of Mary, tiis gentle wife, his happy companion. The heart of the old lord sank lower and lower as those dreadful days went by. Chapter XXH. To describe the state of the Park under the effect of this event would be very difficult. It changed altogether in the most curious way. Indeed, Lord FroffmoreTs country seat bad gone through several transformations of late. Nothing could have been more composed, more orderly and perfect, than it had l-een under the sway of Mr. Rogers aud Mr. Upjames, the respectable valet and butler who had organised the life of the bachelor lord into an elegant comfort and tranquillity which was beyond praise Everything liad gone upon velvet iu those halycou -layt ; not a sound had even been heard to disturb the calm, save the sound of conversation amoug the well-chosen visitors or of a cheerful fire buruinjr, a thing which could not !-e reduced to absolute subjection. There bad never been any hitch in the arrangements ; not even a crumpled roseleaf on a couch. The servant* moved about like polite ghosts, noiselessly warding off every annoyance. It had been a model of a luxurious house. Then there bud come a strange modification when the bride was brought home, and the entire dwelling iiad recognised her presence with mingled distrust and affection and pride The flutter of womens* dresses about the .place and wotuens' voices had been at first difficult for the old servant* to bear, vim had always hitherto kept tlie women strictly in their proper places, there being no housekeeper — for Mr. Upjames was more than equal to that office— and only a mock cook to make any division of authority. Rogers and Upjames had, however, on die whole taken kindly to Lady Frogmore, who did not attempt to make any f n nJ nmnn f til changes, and who always was exceedingly civil, and not jealous of their authority; and they were elated to think that their old lord at sixty-eight was equal to taking upon him all the responsibilities of life as if be had been thirty. The nriM time of Mary's reign had therefore only added a little brightness, a. little ornament, n gentle gaiety to the well— ordered house. Rogers himself had grown younger, and llr. Upjames added a grace to his ]»erfect manner. The butler had beeu heard to acknowledge before that lie ditl not feel equal to tackling the hulies, but he made no such acknowledgment now. Lady Frogiuore reconciled them to the feminine &ex;, and the Park gained a certain consequence and liberality aiid light. It was not so com pletely centred iu the task of making exquisite the comfort of its own master. It l-eyaji to have thoughts of other people and other things. But now ! The l-oose became at a touch the saddest house. All the great sitting-rooms lay empty, like a Bort of vestibule to the rooms upstairs in which, trouble and sorrow dwelt. Lord Krogoioru came and went with a troubled face His marriage had not changed hia habits muiJi. He had taken all the old old precautions to keep in perfect health. His beef -tea aud liis 1«itus, aud the certain amount of walking which he preferred anv day, and -eviay one of his sauitarv regulations liad been fully observed as before. But iiou- he caral nothing for any of these tilings. He walked about all day, going out in the morning after breakfast, and wander ing aimlessly abont, instead of his habitual iustead of going to xlm library to write his letters or read Ids [wijers, all that he did was to walk upstairs to the door of his wife's room to Bee if there was any change He came in always with a little hope for the tirst icvr weeks, confidently expecting -each tiiitc he asked the question to hear thai tdie was better. But after that hid countenance changed. He became very grave, scarcely smiling, vdduin speaking to anyone. Every time he came in he went upstairs with the same question ; but there was something spiritless in Ids look, in his step, in his aspect ' generally, which made you feel that he had given np expecting a good reply. And when the poor little l*aby, who was the cause of all this trouble, was brought out to take the air down the avenue, the old lord would walk up and down too, accompanying the group with a look of such melancholy in his face as was like to break the spectators heart. The baby it was allowed on all lands, was very delicate. The flannel shawls so soft and white and fine, were scarcely opened a little from its tiny face to let in the sunny atmosphere, and with never a smile of his thin old face, the father would walk beside it up and down, up and doirn. Poor little thing ! aud poor old gentleman ! they were at the opposite extremities of human feebleness, and they fully counted life which should liave linked them together was not theirs. Lord Frog more did not look much at his little boy. He was afraid of the child lest something should happen to it- It was to him rather a part of the substantial nurse who carried it, and in whose powerful arms it was safer than any thing belonging to him. And yet he walked by its side with bis brisk step subdued, his head cast down, a melancholy langonr aboat l-ift-_ The starch seemed to have gone ont of his collar, his checks so rosy and firm had grown Ump. To see him turning up and down, np and down by the side of that infant was enough to break anyone's heart. Meanwhile to poor Mary there came but Untie change. She did not recover as the doctor had promised. She had nothing that could hecallela recovery at alL She kept her bed because apparently she had no desire to get up. And sometimes «he would hold long conversations about baby clothes and the like with the nnrse, nationally enough, as if her mind was able to occupy itself with ordinary duties. Sometimes even sin: would allow the baby to \m brought to her, and cry over it. ' Poor little thing I'' she would &ay;, ' if that is to be its fate ; ok, it is uot the little thing's fault. X might be to blame, bat it couldn't be to blame Oil, poor little tiling. 1*11 not cry out if yon kill me, poor baby. It will not be you, but dreadful, dreadful fate1' ?'Oh, my lady, -lou't talk like that. The chOd will grow up to be your comfort aud joy.' ** Listen then,' said Mary, 'it's only to you I will tell the secret,' aud she would put her lips to the woman 'e ear and wliispcred, that eager, anxious, busy wliisper that meant nothing. And when this secret couimnnica onlinary voice, **?So you see vt cannot help it, neither he nor L Oh to think he should iiave been born only for tluts, and to pat every thing wrong. Take it away, take it away,' she would cry suddenly, her voice rising to a vcreatu, thrusting the poor child into the nurse's arms. Ami then bhe would draw the nurse to lieraud whisper again, 'Tellliini, tell liim,' she said: but the whisper was never intelligible, and the look which the poor old lord gave her made the unfortunate nurse lose her head altogether. 'Oh, my lord!' the woman said, und JIury nodded her head with satisfaction as if everything was being explained. Lord Fiqguiore would turn away more wretched tinm ever, unable to elicit a word or Iiardly a look which reminded, him of her former self, and went downstairs to pace up and donii the library, np anil down, paying no attention to anything. Never was there a more sad house. Agnes, who remained with her sister, though Mary took no notice of her, would steal down after those dreadful interviews to comfort the poor old gentleman. *' She will not speak to me at all,' said Agues, weeping. *'She thinks lam a stranger. I don't think she knows me' 'What is she always whispering*'' said the old lord. ** There niuat be something in that. The nnrse ought to make out what it is. Perhaps she wants something. Perhaps we might find sonic way to vttck if we could but know what that whisper woe t I don't think you should stand upon, a point of honour, but try — try to understand what she says.' **Oh, dear Lord Froguiore,''' cried Ajme* with tears in her eyes. ' It is nothing. I doiTt think she says words at aIL~ Lord Frogmcrtv in his trouble ignored this speech. ** You should not be punctilious,' he said, walking about the long room witli sihort agitat4Ml btcps. *' It may Ik a matter of lift: and death. You shooM not pi ami iij-on a point of honour. You should make every effort to understand what your dear Bitter And it was by a sort of pitiful under standing between them that Agnes said no more. He knew as well as die did that pour Mary t- whimpered couiuinniciitioiis wore unintelligible— but lie wonld not allow it to lie said. He prefen-e.1 to Manic someone for an exaggerated fvanl of honour in not listtm miticomprelicnsioiis arc '~ among ;hc HtQ$\ piteous subterfuges of despair. It cannot be supposed that M;irv~'£o**Lnfiiiou and the sad chaugc iu the house cowld-Uu Ioul' ignored by Letitia whose very tacidfr\\- was on the alert U- know what, if auythiii?, had fallowed her last dreadful nltouipt A-_niin-t tlie unfortunate mother of the heir. Letitia was as yet unexperienced in what uulv W called crime. She had never as lia&lreeu; said kuowiucly availed the life (it* i«i-on nf a fellow creature Ijefore— and siieliutl not Imd any certainty tiiat lior attempt vnoM be successful. It uas not exactly like a knife or a revolver: LiAitiawas very well aware that sach ojk.-raihwjtas she had carried *nit upon Mary' wuibT nut in the lea*t luvveAillt^l her self — and ^ therefore, slie felt hcrseU justified in ignoriug the- possibility of st'iiou* liartn. But when the news was brmurht to her, whispered with Luted Wreath, that Lady Frojj luorce uujmI was affected, indeed that sue whs mad which uas the succinct way of stating the iiuiltec, Lctifeia was so much »t*u*tli!d -uiil horrified that she cried — which ditl her great good with her husliaud. Jolui had been uneasy at the vehemence of his wife's hatred of Mary in her new exaltation, and when he saw her Boddenly burnt into most real tsars Ids good heart was touched and he felt that he had been doing her injustice. P«» got up from his seat in his compunction and went to his wife and carressea and soothed her. *' You must no over *md inquire, Letttsa.1* fas said. And once more Letitia was so moved by genuine horror, that anxious though she was to know everything, ehe held back from doing this. ' Oh, John,' ehe said, ' I did perhaps aay something that was too ettong when I knew what her Bchemings bad come to. They might not like me to go.' '* I have always told you, Letitia, I did not think there was any scheming about it. But anyhow Frogtnore would be pleased—lie would see that we bear no mirlif* Of course, I frit it at the first just as you did,' aaid the ' The chUd/'said Letitia,*' is rerj' delicate, too.'1 She could not help stealing & glance at* John under her eyelids to see whether he would respond. 'Poor people !' said John, 'or rather poor old Frogtnore, topul off so long and then bar* such a sad time of it. Vm very sorry for the poor old fellow.' 'He had no right to do anything of the kind,' Letitia cried. 41 WeiL it was bard upon na,' said John with a £igh t *' but I've made up my *pj*mI to it host. You had better go over to-morrow and ask how she is.' Letitia was very eager logo to see with her own eyes what was the condition of afiain, but yet it was not without difficulty tint she persuaded herself to return to the house where her last visit bad been so disastrous. It was now Keptem1-erf and tlie days were beginning to get tfaort, but this tame she took no bag nor had she the least intention of staving over the night. An hour would be enough, she tlionght, to hear all she wanted and see what she could. But her sense of guilt would not be subdued as she. approached th boose and remembered how she had flew away from it six -weeks before, having done all the harm that it was possible to do. She bad no intention now of doing any harm ; oh no, no ! only to inquire aud if practicable see for her self what prospect of sanity there was for llary or life for her boy. When she met in her progress np the avenue in the fly she had hired at the station tire Httle pathetic group above described the noise canTing the infrH* and Lord Frogmore marching melancholy at its side, she hurriedly stopped and sprang out, feeling that Lord Frogmore was likely to be more easily dealt with than Agnes, whom feminine insHncta would divine her object. But Letitia did not find that a very gracious reception awaitedher. Lord Frogmorelooked out with a little irritation as the cab drew up. He evidently thought a visitor an. impertinence. When be was compelled by his sister-in-law's eager and excessively affec tionate accost to stop in his walk and. speak to her, a. f^-jmTn of tmi'iy light came into his eyes. 'On, it is yon, Mrs. John !** he said. 'Oh, Frogmore, ** cried the lady, 'how i» Mary ? I could not rest when I heard how fll she was till I nad come over to see for myself.' 'I do not know,' said Lord Frogmore: etifflv, 'how ill yon may Lave heard she was r bnt 1 don't wonder that you should wish to* bee for yourself.9' ' 3Co : can yon wonder ? *Ve have beeui like listers almost all our lives.' Though Letitia quaked at the old lord'* tone, she felt that it was the wisest way to* iguore all ofiencc ' Sbterb, if all tales arc true, are not abcays' thc best of friends,' said Lord Fngmura '-Familiarity interferes with the natural! bounds of good breeding. I thln^ '5&I;&. John, ? that I most ask you not to go any further — or at least not to insist on seeing Lady Frog 'Is she so very bad?' sail Letitia in a thrilling -whisper. ' No,' lie said with irritation. ' I did not say she was very bad. I said I could not- - admit visitors who — perhaps might forget what is dnc to a de&ate; and sensitive = ' I did not knxKiV7 aanl Letitia with an i injnred air, 'thai I was so little worthy of~ confidence. I am verv KKry that Mary is bo ? ill : so is Johc We~bf*h felt we could not - rcit without knnwin*r personally how much or ' hem- little of irkat we hear is true.' 'Ami wdiat d* vou hear?' Lord; Frog more thocgh he Ml it his duty to defend his wife, was nor vufllinglv ungracious, and felt it ? of all f3ojn-j- as the world the uiost difficult to shut lib -lotki- iii anyone's face. His courage failci? iinu when Letitia put forth so reason alirt.-a pita — 'OIl FrognioM,'* sai.l Mrs. John, 'what fibrin- use -A questioning anil cross-question - iti£? Tell me how dear Mary is : that is all I want to know.* He- was shaken in his resolution, but still «ri*r«t to be stern. *-t\Y5iat did yon say to her,™ he asked, 'the last time 3'ou were h*re*' '-What did I say to her: Oh, a hundred t thiug* : and she to me. We talked of how ' wonderful il was, and how much may come ? from the smalltast event ; that if I had notona ? -?a.y met her iu the Academy, and asket?*. her * to come and &t-ay; ivith iur, you might never ' haw met her, and all that has lia Jpened '? wuuM never have been. That was ^e last - tiling we talked of. Is it supposed ~ jdid any .. harm that talk between Mary and **-* OL, \ Lord Frogmorc fxroplc must be malignant ? in. lord if 1 1 icy can tititl any harm i+tfaaC' ' 1 don't know that there wa? «ny harm in it. It \Wpeuils upon how a ''bms is said, -. wlidW thurc is hai-ai in it or ***.''' *'l kunvr,' said Letitia, 'tliat I have enemies in this house. 1 k»i 4T Mre. Hill and Allies. Oli, Aj^ies is &pl;*i^fril I She never idshcs to see Mary with me. She thinks 1 put her ugain&t; them ; si% if I would ever iulerfere 1k'1«'w.-u a wt?ujan and her own family. But, FrogmoL£v -ou know what women are. They are . jealous ; they are ? spiteful ; they uever lose an opportunity to ? wliisper agaiust one that has done better than; - themselves. I know very well what it is tha^ turns you against me. It is Agnes Hill tha has put things into your head.' ' No,' he said, but donbtfully feeling that to think eo badly of his brother's wife was f very inconvenient, and that perhaps after all : it was Agnes who had put it into his head : she bat! not said ranch, bat it might be she ' who hail suggested it, for it was according to all the tenets with which be was acquainted that a woman should he spiteful, as Letaria said. He hesitated & great deal as to what he should do j whether he should hold by his first resolution to allow Letitia to come no further ; or whether it might perhaps be an awakening thing for Mazy to see her. I^titia followed him with soft and noiseless steps while he pursued this thought, and then she said suddenly, as if she could contain herself no longer, 'Surely, at least, there can be no reason why I should not see the dear child.' She took the baby out of the nurse's aims as she spoke, and deftly, with practised hands, folded down the coverings in which it was wrapped. The mother of five children knew hour to handle with ease and mastery, which mode the old lord wonder and tremble, the little fragile new- born baby, which to him was an object so wonderfoL 'Ifl wcr£yon,nEaidLetitiatotbenarse, 'I would not hare the child covered up so. The air will do him nothing bat good. Throw off all your shawls, and let him breathe the good air. I am sure his mother would say so if she were here.' Letitia, at least in that action, meant no harm to the child. She said it as she would have done to any ignorant cottager who half smothered her baby to keep it from cold. Bat while she held the infant in her anus, and put down her cheek upon its little dark, downy bead, an impulse that was horrible came over her. Oh, the iittlc interloper !— the cliild so undesired, so unnecessary— who had taken her children's inheritance from them ! To think that a little pressure more than usual, a little more close folding of the shawls, and it would stand in Duke's -way no more. The thought made her strain towards her with a sudden throb of almost savage ^Tt^ifawyreit the little helpless atom, who could never tell any tale. (To be eontieu&L;) 