LADY PEBARL. He stood a little in awe of her blooming beauty, but she was so affable to him that he presently became bolder, and, having made sure that the colonel was not look ing, he quietly laid hold of one of her fingers. Finding he met with no repulse, he soon secured her whole hand, and went off and away into the clouds withl bliss. 'I suppose there are no tunnels going down ?' he whispered. 'None this side of the Dumbedikes,' replied Lucy. , Vhat a bore,' said Tommy, dolorously. 'Why?' asked Lucy, with charming innocence stamped upon her pretty face. 'I like a tunnel-sometimes,' Tommy replied. 'I'm afraid, Mr. Dray,' said Lucy making a feeble attempt to withdraw her hand, 'that you are a very dreadful person.' 'Oh, no ! I am not,' returned Tommy, pulling up his collar with his disengaged hand. He denied the soft imputation, but it was not unpleasing to him. 'But tunnels are.awfully jolly-when-when you are--abem l--in love and NOT ALONE.' 'Oh! I cannot listen to such things, said Lucy, putting up her hand and laughing behind it. 'I am afraid, Mr. Dray, that I have been very mistaken in yOU.' 'No you are not,' said he growing bolder, and his arm began to steal round her waist. She sat still, unconscious of this bold invasion, and talked of common things, until she found his face very close to hers. 'Don't be alarmed, Lucy,' he said, hurriedly. Don't go away from me. You can't tell how I love you, and if you see anything offensive in the name ot Dray and anything repulsive in me have mercy on me. I never thought I should love anyone as I do you.' 'You are a very good fellow,' said Lucy 'ahd I like you.' ' Do you now ?' 'Indeed, I do.' 'Upon your honour ?' 'Upon anything.you like. but you must not .squeeze me or .attempt to kiss me until you have spoken to the colopel. He may object, you know.' 'So he may,' said Tommy, with a despairing look in his eyes, 'and if he does I shall-I don't know what I shall do. Let me hold your hand, dear Lucy-it may be for the last time.' There might have been a comical side to Tommy's love, but it was very fervent and honest. He could conceive nothing so desirable on earth as the possession of the beautiful Lucy for a wife. And he had won her, if the colonel's consent could be obtained, with a small amount of trouble that amazed him. He could not ask the colonel for his daughter just then, travelling by rail, when the rattle of the carriage acted as a bar to general conversation, so he bottled his impatience as well as he could and made hay while the sun of his love shone. ' They arrived at a small country station about eight in the evening, when a carr iage of great respectability, but of some what faded beauty was waiting for them. Into this they got and rode for an hour or more along a lonely road to Dumbedikes. 'Your place is very quiet, colonel, I should think,' Tommy said. 'We have nothing near us, and only one place for miles round; but we don't want society when we fill our house with it.' 'Idon't think I want society at all,' said [ommy. 'Ah--that is-I like a quiet life.' Lucy tried to look grave, but Meg was in a state bordering on explosion. The colonel, however, kept his coun tenance admirably, and really appeared to be unconscious of the state of mind and beart which had led Tommy into making this declaratidn. Dumbedikes at length stood out before them in the twilight, a rambling, red brick building, witli towers and. gables covered with ivy and creeping plants," and with liandsome but badl -kept grotinds' around .it..A pine wodd at .the?" b?a~k tlrew:.the old house into. bold 'rielief, ad Tommy said it was chbaining.' SDinner was ready for ihem, and'a 'stiff, fiilitary kind of attendant waitedon them in silence. After dinner:the girls, pleading fatigue, retired, and Toinmy and the colhonel went outside to enjoy a cigar in the cool beauty of the evening.. SThen it was that' the lover told his tale: and had the joy'of being'accepted by the father. :b s S'.My mind is easy nbw abouit bne of my girls,' the colonel, said;l'for yb'i are a thorough good'fellow and will miake her happy, I am sure;. ? : They shook liHaBhds, and Tommy, who was.really. no great smoker, found the narcotic weed more enjoyable to him than it had ever been before. The Ardinlauns and Lady Pearl came dlown the next afternoon, and Lucy went with the carriage to meet them. Tommy rode to the station with her and walked back. Pearl,looked pale when the train came in, and Lord and Lady Ardinlaun fatigued, and both of them showed somnolescent tendencies on their way to Dumbedikles, leaving the younger people to talk together. 'You want a chlange. Your last rose has left you,' said Lucy. 'I am not very well,' rethrned Pearl. ' I fancied I saw somebody who- Do you believe in ghosts ?' 'Not a bit of it,' replied Lucy, 'except in the ghosts of Dumbedikes, which is part of the family creed-but why such a question ?' 'I thought I saw, just before we came into the station, somebody whom I believed to be in town. He was standing near the railway by the side of a pond, perfectly still, looking away from the train and heedless of it, like one wrapped in all absorbing thought.' 'Is it anybody I know?' - 'You must not ask questions aboui Lhim, Lucy.' 'Pearl,' said Lucy, still speaking quiet ly, but with more emphasis,' look at me. SWhat have you left in town besides your roses?' .' Oh, it is not that,' faltered Pearl. 'I assure you that we have said so little---' 'That will do for the present,! said Lucy. You shall tell me all about it to night when we have sent the old people to bed. I am engaged, and to whom do you think ?' 'I am a bad hand at guessing,' said Pearl, 'and being absorbed in selfish thought I have not noticed any of your admirers.' 'Mine is a prosaic affair,' replied Lucy. I am engaged to Tommy Dray-just the husband I want. He adores me-don't laugh, please-and he will let me. do just what I please all the days of my life. What a happy couple we shall be togetherl' S'I liked Mr. Dray,' said Pearl. 'He is so thoroughly honest, But, Lucy dear, if you saw such a vision as I have seen-for a vision it must be-what would you think of it ?' 'That I was very much in love with somebody and was always tbioking so much of him that I could conjure up visions of him wherever I went.' Pearl made no rejoinder, and rode the test of the way in silence. Lord Ardin laun made amends for this by waking up and criticising the landscape, which he contrasted with the beauty of Scotland. He was very severe upon the entire absence of hills. 'Hills,' said Lucy, 'are very pretty to look at but a bother to climb; so give me a flat country, if you please.' For which piece of candour Lord Ardinlaun mentally consigned her to the land where foolish people dwell. There was very little ceremony that night at Dumbedikes and the party in the drawing-room broke up early. Lucy and Lady Pearl went to the former's room, where Meg wanted to come, but was dexterously shut out by her sister and told to go to bed like a good girl. 'I know what you are going to do, then,' said Meg, through the, keyhole. 'You will talk about your darlings, and you are too mean to let me listen-I am ashamed of you.' 'Then she took herself off in a huff, but consoled herself with the thought that young Caverley of the Guards was expected on the morrow, and went to her couch with a mind at rest and at peace with all the world. ' The night is delightfully warm, and we can sit here,' said Lucy. 'You can talk as much as you please, for nobody ever walks at this end of the house at night. The view is very pretty, with the wood on the right and the flat land on the left. Don't you think so ?' 'Pretty and peaceful,' said Lady Pearl, leaning her head upon her hand and surveying the quiet scene before' her. 'Whose light is that burning yonder ?-a mere spark.' 'That would be a great fire if you were near it,' replied Lucy. 'The gipsies' camp is there. Some of their tribe pitch their tents in that spot all the year round. We shall be sure to see some of them before .long, and you can have your fortune told.' 'My fortune,' sighed Lady Pearl. ' Ah I I see,' said Lucy, 'you are very bad indeed. Now tell me his name, and no equivocation, please.' 'Would you have me confess to you that which I have not wholly confessed to him ?' asked Pearl. 'What was the figure like-the figure you saw by the railway ?' asked Lucy. 'That of a tall man, with a sad face, one who seems fitted to adorn society, but who walks like one clogged with an invis ible chain. He looks like a man who has fatally erred, and sees no backward road.' 'A famous athlete be might be,' insin uated Lucy. 'He is one.' replied Pearl. 'And took his degree at Cambridge. ' Yes.' 'How much like Hugh Egerton, the Prince of Melancholy, as they call him,' said Lucy, 'and I see I have found you OUt.' 'But you will never speak of it?' im plored Pearl. 'I? Never. I have seen much of Hugh, and I may tell you frankly that I admire him myself. Do not be alarmed. I am not in love with him, nor he with me. I doubt if be even knows my name. All sorts of stories are afloat about your prince, but I say there is nothing in them. He is poor, but he is noble, and for such a man a woman might give up all-friends position, wealth, name---' ' Lucy !' 'Ah! everything for 'his love; 'Oh ! what adismal face. Do not be jealous. Iam only uttering tne thoughts that are written on yours. ' If Hugh Egerton beckoned.to.you to leave all here behind you and go with :him,.what would you do?' Pearl was silent. A .Go of course,' said Lucy, 'for you are a woman with a passionate soul that hides its strength like a deeply-buried lake of lava, whileI am but a poor flimsy creature with a spring just below the thin crust of my nature, which is ever breaking out here and there and bubbling before the eyes of the world. Oh Pearl, I tremble 'for.you.' '. Itremble for myself,'i. replied Pearl, 'and I am very unhappy. It was but a few days ago whenri I leirnt how I loved hiim, and--I have not seen him since.' 'Unless you saw him to:day.' ,'Impossible; what could he be doing there?' 'I was but jesting, Pearl. I charge that vision to your fancy. Both were silent for awhile, and Lady Pearl, whose eyes had wandered over the landscape meanwhile, was the first to speak. 'There is another light burning,' she said, 'feebler than the other, but not so far away. Its looks like a light in a window.' 'It is to the left of the camp,' said Lucy. 'That is Gaunt House, the place where Lady Friarly died suddenly two months ago. CHAPTER IX. It was generally understood that Dum bedikes was but another name for Liberty Hall. People were invited there to enjoy themselves, and allowed to do it in their own way. The colonel did not keep a ver, ex pensive staff of servants, and knowing this some of his visitors brought their oivn and drafted them for the time being into the general service. Young Claverly of the Guards brought his man with him and dismissed him from attending on him during his stay. ' can dress myself better without you,' the young gentleman said, 'and at all other times you are a nuisance, so make yourself useful elsewhere and don't let me hear of your skulking.' Claverly's Christian name was Barnet, which hIis friends had shortened, and to all his little world he was known as Bet Claverly. He was a great favourite, being as light-hearted and careless as arobinin summer time, and generally supposed to be free from vice. Htie certainly did not make himself con spicuous by hIis peccadillos. He and Meg were very great friends, and neither of them could quite makle up their mindswhat was to be the end of it. Claverly was living beyond his income, and Meg had no income at all, and a marriage under the circumstanoes ap peared ridiculous. 'It wouldn't do, Isuppose, Meg,' he said, just before they parted in town. 'Not at all, Bet, dear,' she replied; 'we must view the blessed slate as the infidel does the distant Mecca, a thing from which we are debarred for ever.' 'But we can't go on in this way,' lihe urged, 'For the present we can,' said hopeful Meg. 'Perhaps something may turn up Come day, and then you may speak to the colonel.' Claverly was very fond of Meg, and since he made her acquaintance had con founded his folly in getting into debt a thousand times. But debt is a thing having the nature of quicksands-easy to get into but very difficult to get out of. They made a pretty pair, the gua d:man and the handsome girl, as they strolled up and down the front of Dumbedikes, the morning after his]arrival. Some of the guests had breakfasted and were wandering about, others were break fasting, and a few were still in bed. 'So you are in just as great a muddle as ever,' said Meg. 'Worse if anything,' he replied, 'the bills that come in are really appalling. If I sold out I should not be able to meet them, and then what should we start on ?' 'It is no use thinking of it,' said Meg, lightly, ' we shall never start together. I have been thinking of somebody else.' ' Oh ! come, Meg,' he said, with an alarmed look in his sleepy blue eyes, 'you are joking.' 'Am I?' shereplied. ' You will see.' 'I should cut up awfully rough, Meg.' 'I should like to see you rough, Bet. How funny it would be.' 'I can ber rough may be if there is occasion to,' the guardsman said, quietly. "But what are you going to do to-day ?' 'Lucy was thinking of taking her goose to the Cells, and we could go with them. Lady Pearl, you know her-- 'Rather. A woman without a rival.' 'Thank you, Bet. I see you are as big a muff as the rest. and believe in soft sadness, but it is no go-I can see that it is sweet upon somebody who doesn't reciprocate, or is shut out from her. W\ell, we thought of completing the party with her and Sir Charles Friarly.' 'But why Friarly?' 'Because he is a widower of two months' standing only and is a safe man, Pearl declined all other cavaliers.' 'Perhaps she is sweet there,' said Caverly, twisting his moustache. 'She may be. Butshall we go ?' 'What and where are the Cells ?' asked he. 'Come up here. Now look straight ahead between those two poplars. Can you see a clump of trees or can you not ?' 'I can see them, Meg.' 'That is called the Ten Acre Wood, and just outsidle it a very remarkable thing took place some five years ago. A man while ploughing, suddenly found the ground give way, and he and his horses tumbling about in loose earth. He got out, but one of his horses was killed, for the earth had fallen into the depth of twenty feet, and being on a level plain the event, to say the least, was phenomenal. Excavations were afterwards made by by some scientific enthusiasts, and the remains of a chapel-it was the roof of that which had fallen in-with cells on either side were discovered.' ' Deuced odd, Meg.' 'So odd that nobody has ever made anything out of it yet. Now, here's Lucy and her own Tommy, and you had better make up your mind what you will do. We shall go.' 'Oh, 'll go,' said Claverly. A few minutes afterwards Lady Pearl and Sir Charles Friarly joined them, and they set off upon the road to the Cells, which lay between the two poplars pointed out by Meg. While the way was broad they kept together, but by and bye the road narrowed between two dykes, and Sir Charles and Lady Pearl fell back a little, an example soon followed lby Tommy Dray and Lucy, and from thenceforth they walked in pairs. Sir Charles appeared to be iii his. best mood. He was quiet, with a tinge of sadness which he knew: wel hhbow to make the most of. Few men could talk better than he, and he strove to-make himself agreeable to his companion.'. When a handsome man, with unde: niable power of fascination, strives to do this he invariably succeeds, and Pearl was soon so far engaged with him that those on ahead were forgotton and per mitted to go on increasing the space between them, and the Cells lying on the other side of the wood, they were on entering completely shut out from them. Pearl perceiving it Wvould .have hastened on, but he gently detained her. ' It would be a pity to mar their pleasure,' he said, 'they will not miss us,. S'Mr. Dray and Lucy ase engaged,' said Pearl, ' but Meg and Mr.Claverly--' 'Are admittedly lovers,' he said, 'and only wait for Dame Fortune to give them a turn of the wheel to launch out together. I envy them their happiness.' 'You muist acutely feel the death of Lady Friarly,' she answered. He made no answer, and she looked at him in suprise. His face wore a look of perplexity. 'Lady Pearl,' he said, after a long pause, 'may I confide in you ?' 'If any good can come of giving me your confidence,' she ieplied. 'I hope good will come of it,' he said, 'Lady Friarly and I were never suited to each other-our marriage was a a mistake, It brought us no happiness. 'I am sorry to hear you say so,' ' It is sad to think of it, and I deeply regret that I cannot mourn her loss as I ought. We did not live happily-the proverbial cat-and-dog life was ours. It is not to tell you a long story of my misery,' he said, 'but to ask your advice, Say that prior to my marriage I loved another--' ' You ought not to have married,' said Lady Pearl. ' But she I loved disappeared and was lost to me,' he replied, 'for ever as I thought, but in the nooritide of my marriage misery she came back and my old love was renewed.' 'That was a sin,' said Pearl. 'True,' he said, 'but are we not all erringcreatures taken hither and thither by the current of our desires ? I tried to stem my love, but had not the power. It gathered strength, and is gathering still. I am being borne away Heaven alone knows whith-r.' The ring of despair in his voice touched Lady Pearl deeply, but she neither saw the point he was arriving at nor had the least inkling of the truth. How could she withhold her pity from him I Her small ungloved hand was laid upon his arm as she looked up at him with eyes brimming with sympathy. 'For such a lot as yours there must surely be some relief,' she said. 'Only one,' he replied, 'and it must come from her. But see how I am trammelled by the lawvs of society. My tuife but two months dead, I dare not seek her, dare not avow my love--' 'It would have a very objectionable appearance,' said Pearl, thoughtfully, * to those who knew not your story. But why should you not wait ?' 'She will misinterpret my silence, and she is wooed by others.' ' Then wrake your love known to her tell her what you have told me, and 'Lady Pearl,' said Sir Charles, taking her hand in his, ' you have given me im measurable relief and an encouragement I am not worthy of. Can you not guess who it is that I love?' . He had thrown off the mask, and eyes and voice spoke together, and she shrank back from him amazed and terrified. He saw the response and his soul grew angry, but he kept to his point; and the game was tovto be lost or won. ' I have suprised you,' he said, ' but do not judge me harshly. If I dare have have waited I would--ay I for years. I would have grown grey in anticipation of the joy of calling you my own and never repined. Do not turn from me.' 'You must forget me,' she said softly. 'Forget you!' he returned, 'never. Bid me hope and for a year I will leave you, or never utter a word that all the world might not hear.' 'I cannot give you hope,' she said. ' Then I will still persist,' he said, 'until Ihave.turned your heart to me. I have set my heart upon you and I will notturn away. Pearl-sweet Pearl I love you.' 'Let go my hand, Sir Chailes,' she said. 'Nay-by the faith of my forefathers,' he said, 'which I swear by, having no faith of my own, I will not let you go until you promise me that for a year no other shall usurp the throne I seek.' ' I cannot promise,' said Pearl. His eyes flashed and his dark skin assumed a deep tint. The demon wavs being aroused within him, as he saw his hopes fading. 'But you shall,' he hissed. 'I will not let you go without your word is given. I love you, I cannot live without you, and I have sworn you shall be mine by fair means or foul.' 'Would you dare to resort to violence ?' asked Pearl, with allher woman's courage in her eyes. SDare i' he said, 'I dare anything-so do not tempt me.' 'Let go your hold, Sir Charles.' 'No, by Heaven I not until I have culled.a kiss fromn those sweet lips. If I am to lose you it shall not be as a woman who dare not--' All the evil in him was aroused, and in his fury he was ready for any extreme. Drawing her towards him with a force she could not resist, he threw one arm around her and held her fast. 'Now, my darling Pearl,' he said, 'I have you.' He held her so that she could not escape, when he received a blow on the head that caused him to relax his hold. A second blow sent him sprawling. 'Dastard and scoundrel,' cried Hugh Egerton, who had dealt this timely blow and now held the trembling Pearl in his arms, ' a dishonour to all manhod, a libel upon the name of gentleman. Do not tremble so, my darling,' he continued, addressing Pearl in a voice softer and sweeter than she had ever heard from him before. 'You are safe now.' ' How came you here?' she asked, the words escaping her lips mingled with the broken accents of alarm. 'Of that I will tell you anon,' be said. 'Meanwhile this knave must be dismissed. Sir Charles Friarly.' The baronet, who was sitting up with a confused look upon his face, scowled upon him, but the menace his look conveyed was thrown away. He slowly gathered himself up and stood upon his feet, hold ing to a branch of a tree for support. ' Sir Charles,' said Hugb, ' you will be wiseif you do not linger here.' ' So this is my rival,' said Sir Charles, ' this mysterious beggar, who lives nobody knows where, and.has vagabond gipsies for. his friends. It is a noble liaison, surely. Lady Pearl, I. congratulate ydu. 'The ancient name of Blackford is honoured.' 'Will you be gone, scodndrel ?'" cried Hugh, with suppressed passion. But for Pearl clinging to him he would have rushed upon Sir Charles and pun. ished him further. ' I wil. go when it suits me,' the baronet replied. 'You need not mind me, go on with your fooling. It is an old story to me.' 'Pearl, let me go,' said Hugh, softly. 'No-no,' she whispered, ' do not quarrel with him. He is a dangerous man.' 'Pshaw !' said Hugh, contemptuously. '.Do.you think I fear him ?' He gently unclasped her hands and leaving her with her hands betore her face advanced to within striking distance of Sir Charles, who stood with dne hand on his heart. 'I give you five seconds to leave this spot,' he said. 'And I will'not go in ten, or twenty, or fifty,' hissed Sir Charles. 'Strike me again at your. peril.' Hugh raised his arm, and at the same moment Sir Charles drew his band from his breast, reaealing a revolver in his grasp. Hugh seized him by the wrist and a desperate struggle ensued for the possession of the weapon. Rage stimulated both, and they were strong men, accustomed to athletic exer cise, but Sir Charles was several years the senior and not in such good training. He was thrown and the weapon wrested from his grasp. 'Now,' said Hugh, 'I give you five seconds more, and if you donot go I will shoot you like a dog.' He was terribly earnest, and Sir Charles, who was in no hurry to give up his life, sprang to his feet, shook his fist angrily in the air, and hurried away. Hugh adjusted the lock of the revolver so as to avoid accidents and placed it in his pocket. He intended to keep that weapon as it might be of good service on some futureoccasion. Taking the hand of the trembling Pearl he put it to his lips and kissed it tenderly. 'Do not be alarmed, dearest,' he said; ' we are alone.' 'Oh, Hugh I' she sobbed, ' how deep is the debt I owe you; But tell-what gooddd fortune is it that brings you here ?' " 'I am living in this neighbourhood,!.ld replied, with a return of the gloom to his face. ' Near here ?' exclaimed Pearl. 'Within a mile of this spot. ' . ' 'Then .you must. be at the Gaunt House ?' 'That is owned by Sir Charles Iriarly,' he said, with a smile. Do you think I, am tietc? The people I am with have nothing in common with you.' 'Oh, H-ugh I' she said, 'what is this dreadful mystery attached to your life ?' 'Nothing so very dreadful after all. If I could but tell you,' he replied, Why not confide then in me?' 'I would,' he said, 'if the secret were my own alone, but,' here a dark cloud settled upon him, ' while I have been talk ing to you I have forgotten something vital, an obstacle in the path of our joy; I am lost to you for ever; our ways in life will be as wide asunder as the poles. When I leave you think of mne no more unless it is as one dead.' 'As one dead 1' she softly said. 'If my lot had been a different one,' he said, holding her hand between his and looking down to hide the agony expressed in his eyes, 'I might have sought your love. I can be frank with you now, as this meeting is our last.' 'You did not say this when last we met.' 'I did not say it, Pearl, because I did not know it.' 'Then some fresh bond holds you ?' ' A bond which if broken by me would cost me my Itfe. Not that I care for that alone, but I must live for another.' 'Tell me truly, Hugh,' said Pearl, with her eyes filled with tears; is it a woman who holds you ?' 'No,' he replied; 'not in the sense you nlean.' 'You have never loved another or pro fessed to love her ?' 'Never. You are my first love and the very last Pearl, and the height and depth of that love are too great for me to make clear to you. If I had won your beart- ' Oh, Hugh I' She put her hands before her face again and bo'ed with the anguish that was within her. The colour forsook his cheeks and he trembled as the whole truth became apparent to him. 'You love me, Pearl?' 'Hugh, Hugh, why are you so unkind to neo?' 'Heaven help us both,' he muttered, and his trembling hands stole towards her. His arm was about her, and ihe held her close ere he was conscious of the danger os such an act. 'Hitherto I have grieved over my fate,' he said, 'now I must grieve for yours.' 'But must we be ever apart ?' she asked. 'As things are now I fear so,' he replied. 'I can see no break in the clouds ahead. The only home I could offer you is that of a vagabond and outcast; the only com panionship beyond my own that I could give you would be that of a people whose very presence is repulsive. Oh, misery untold misery. Pearl, I have never kissed you. Let our lips touch but once and then farewell.' 'Is there a life you would not share with me ?' she asked, raising her eyes to his. , None,' he said. ' If I were poor and in. misery, driven into the society of those I loathed, would you desert me? 'No.' 'And what is that which would lead you to cling to me ?' 'My love.'. 'And what should be the dictates of my poor heart ?' 'No, no Pearl,' he said, hurriedly; 'not for the world, not to save my life, or that which is beyond. Ask me anything but that, I could not, would not drag you down, although the temptation to have you near almost overwhelms me. No, no; good-bye, darling, duty calls me away, and duty bids me leave you.' ' For ever ?' 'Why should we meet?' he asked, falteringly. 'You will see me again,' said Pearl, smiling. 'I have more faith than you.' ' But where can we meet ?' ' Here, or where you will-once more.' 'A thousand times for. my sake,' he said,' but for yours-never again.' -He kissed her fondly and she clung to him with a tender yearning that made Ihim quail before the dark future that lay ;before him. A few hours before he had thought himself.strong in his purpose and ready to go'forward on his darkened road; but he had come to a tempting halting place,'like a traveller who finds a house with warmth and light midway up an ice b'ound mountain. 'If it could be,' he said, huskily, ' oh ! how gladly would I say come, my darling. The pang of having such a joy within my reach and yet unable to grasp it is racking my soul. If I linger longer I shall fall lower than the wretch I have just driven away. He had no trust to break. Pearl, is your faith so strong in me?' 'Oh, Hugh, I would trust you through all, she answered. He looked into the depths of her beautiful eyes and read her perfect confi dence in him. She had no thought of his being aught but what was honourable and true. Of broken vows and forgotten plighted words she might have heard, but they had no share in her thoughts just then. Holding her close to him, so close that her breath fanned his cheek, ihe felt the moral courage of which- he had hitherto been so justly proud fast ebbing away. Would it be right for him to let this opportunity slip by-to part from her and see her no more? Would that not be over straining the spirit of self-sacrifice ?' Take the world as it is and how many men would have hesitated which course to take? Even among great moralists and preachers a saving clause would have been found. 'I am but a man,' they would have said. 'I have not the strength for this hour.' Hugh was no moralist or preacher, unless the sermons he had been in the habit of reading himself made him one, and he was dragging his anchor and bearing for a dangerous coast. Pearl's head sank upon his'shoulder and lay there. Both were silent, but there was the music of birds in the air, and from the grazing grounds beyond the wood there came the tinkling of the sheep-bell and the lowing of herds. A gentle breeze swept across the tree-tops, adding a lower note of harmony, and the loose leaves lying on the ground rustled as the timid rabbit and hare fled by. The hour, the place, were both love's own, as much as the time when the full moon is high in the heavens and the hot earth sends up its fleecy mists in the cool night air. Cupid indeed seldom slumbers or sleeps; he haunts the river and the dell, glides through the calm, and rides upon the storm, the ruler of so much that is earthly, the master spirit of men and women's hearts. 'Pearl I' 'Hugh 1' It was only sigh for sigh taking tihe form of names, and again there was a silence, until Hugh gently raised her head and took love's second kiss. 'We cannot part,' he said, ' or not for ever. If I go from you now we must meet again. I cast all the past and present, except that which concerns you, to the winds and live for you alone.' Closer and fondly he held her to him, and the birds sang their blithest as they looked down upon them, but high over head above thie wood a dark cloud was gathering. CIIAITERI X. Lady Pearl and HIugh Egerton had drifted far away from the world. Alone in tile depths of the wood, with love to lull them for awhile into the sweet, dreamy state of the lotus eater, they forgot all else but the happiness of the moments that fly by unheeded. And if the past was for gotten in the joy of the present the future was unheeded. Hugh had no settled plans, nothing to advance, no thought of what was to be the outcome of this blissful meeting except a vague, shadowy something which spoke of a life that was to be all sunlight, all joy and far away from all that bad hitherto made his life so dreary. Nor was Lady Pearl more definite in thought than her lover. It was the first time she had ever felt the warm clasp of love, or heard how the lips can speak when guided by love, and the experience was in its very freshness overpowering, intoxicating. She forgot with whom she had set forth that day, the struggle with.Sir Charles Friarly, all except that she loved Hugh Egerton and hlie was by her side. But it could not go on for ever, and he awoke out of his dream as a cry like that of a startled pheasant resounded through the wood. Pearl awoke too and hid the deep roses on her cheek upon his breast. 'Darling,' said I-Iugh, 'we must part. I'cannnotwrong you by lingering here. I have wronged you too much already.' . 'It making me happy, IHugh, is wrong,' she said, 'then you speak truly.' Happy with a love like mine?' he asked, sadly. *'It is a love I can be proud of,' Pearl answered. i 'And proud of me?' S' Of you too.' ' You do not. know all,' hlie said, with a despairing gesture. 'I am bound hand and foot, locked out of the life that should be mine, debarred from the joys I long for, But there may be hope. I will try to find a glimmer of it in the darkness that is around me and I will live for you.' The cry that had startled him before was now repeated, and his brow darkened again. 'I must go,' he said; my friends are getting impatient. But we will meet again. Oh ! my darling-my love ! The hours that I shall know without you will be very weary. Meet me soon.' 'I will meet you where you will,' she answered simply. 'I know of no place but this,' he said, 'and it is so far to come; you will be oh.b served too, unless---- But Ishallask too much-' 'No, dear Hugh.' ' Then come to-morrow as soon as you can after the sun is up. I will be here with the dawn.' 'I will come, Hugh.' For the third time the cry echoed through the wood, and he drew her close to him as he kissed her on the brow, the cheek, the lips; then whispering 'To morrow,' be gently released himself from her arms and hurried away. Lady Pearl, with the senses of new life beating in her veins, sauntered on. She knew that her absence would excite comment among her friends, and that she was placed in a very painful position with regard to Sir Charles Friarly, who would of course, as she believed not dare show himself again at Dumbedikes. She had lingered behind with him, and if indeed he had departed she would be obliged to say something concerning him,, and what could she say but the truth. Her position was embarrassing, but it suddenly become alarming when the man she was thinking of emerged from behind a 'clump of bushes and presented himself before her. 'Do not fear me, Lady.Pearl,' he said, as she sprang back with a short, sharp cry of terror. ' I am not likely to repeat the folly I was guilty of an hour ago.' "'An hour ago l' she echoed, faintly. ' Ay, an hour,' he said, coolly. 'The time has flown with you, but it has.lagged with'me. I hope, however, nobody but myself is to blame for that. For my late 'conduct I have only one excuse to offer my love.' ' I beseech you not to misuse the word.' said Lady Pearl, who had recovered her wonted calmness. . .They were walking on together towards the Cells and she could hear voices not for away, so there was nothing to fear,:! : ' Love like mine,' said Sir Chisles, ' acts in different ways upon men: one itsoothes, another it maddens; one it'makes merry, in another it arouses a murderous spirit.: I am not accountable for my nature, or the action of love uipon me,' '.I trust you will never name love to me again,' said Pearl, 'After the burning words of Egerton,' he said he, ' I can understand bow flat my poor pleadings must fall upon your ear, but let us not talk of that, I have no wish to annoy you.' 'Why are you here then ?' ,To suggest that there should be peace between us.' 'But it must be a peace that keeps us apart, Sir Charles.' '"As far apart as we can without exciting comment. Agreed. And the terms are that you shall keep secret the mad folly I was guilty of, while I will say nothing about your timely rescue and-the ensuing interview. 'You have been playing the spy,', said Pearl flushing hotly. 'Not more than was necessary tomake sire that you and Egerton were really sincere,' he answered, coolly, 'and I am convinced. Do you agree?' ' I suppose I must,' said Pearl, 'but I ask you not to presume upon it; you arel to avoid me, as I would avoid you, if I could.' ' Hard terms,' he said, ' but accepted. Now let us hasten to our friends.' Their friends were coming towards them wondering among themselves what could have become of Pearl and the baronet. When they met, Lucy Dashwood won dered yet the more. ' We have waited at the Cells for you,' she said, 'and getting tired are going home.' 'Fact is,' drawled Sir Charles, 'we took a wrong turning in the wood and have been wandering about hopelessly until your musical voice directed us hither,' SOdd to lose yourself in that shrubbery said Claverly, and Tommy Dray gave vent to a solt chuckle. He was 'getting experienced in love matters and fancied he understood it all,' but Lucy soon put himt right when they mioved on back towards D)umbedikes, Sir Charles and Pearl having both declined to go on to the Cells alone, as they would have other opportunities of seeing them. "'What were you laughing about just now, Tommy ?' she asked. 'Oh, that idea of losing themselves in the wood,' he replied. . 'Well, what of that, you goose?' ' Too palpable, Lucy; but it is too bad of Friarly, his wife only two months dead.' 'Don't you think he has mourned for her long enough ?' asked Lucy, 'No, I don't,' Tommy stoutly answvered. 'If you were to die I should mourn for you for years-all my life,' 'Wait until we have been married awhile before talking of everlasting grief,' said Lucy, quietly. ' You don't know me yet, seeing only the smooth side of my nature;,'and listen to this, Tommy.' ' I'm all attention,.Lucy dear.' 'As I hope you ever will be. Well, listen,' I say; don't go and talk a lot of nonsense about Lady Pearl and Si, Charles, as there is no more love betweca them than there is between me and the man in the moon.' 'What are they hanging back for?' asked Tommy, amazed. ' I don't know,: but I daresay I shall bear; anyway it wasn't love that kept them back, and you tell Barnet Claverly so. Meg won't want telling, as she has eyes as good as mine.' Lucy was disappointed with regard to the confidence 'she expected from Pearl, who said nothing whatever about the time she had spent in the wood, and refused tI accept the'hints she received on the sub. ject. Lucy aias fairly' pizzled and knew not what to make of it. - ' That someiithinig had'taken place I am suire,' shlie:.saidd.to Meg, 'for did you. notice. her eyes, what.anger and dancing up and down, like waves of the sea after a storm ? Sir Charles, too, with all his cool. ness could not'quite hide from me that he had been ruffed.' ' I suppose' he proposed,' said Mieg, ' and got his quietus.' '"It was something different to that' replied Lucy,. thoughtfully, ' but what it is we must leaye for the present.'. 'Perhaps he had been talking aout" Lady Friarly. He loved her once, I suppose.' ' He may have done so, Megi but ha effectually disabused my mind of all belief in it. He treated her abominably, and I don't wonder at his keeping away from Gaunt House.'' 'He is not going.there again, is he?' ' So he says, and I'can understand his resolution, for I give him credit fora little conscience.' Sir Charles had, indeed, given out that he wa's not going to Gaunt House. It was a:gloomy old place, he said, and he never cared for it, and as nobody was lilkely, to btiy it he had handed it over to an old servant, who had no objection to solitude and was rather in love than other. wise with ghosts. Who that servant was he did not say. But alter luncheon he had a horse saddled and rode towards this.very Gaunt House, lying far away upon the flat land with one gabled end of it facing Dumbe. dikes and backed up- with a clump of trees. It was a sad-looking place, cen turies old, with a stout, high wall and iron gates and a .moat, filled with stagnant water. Within the wall was a court. yard and a neglected garden, all in harmony with the rambling, time-worn building with its latticed windows, o'er which the ivy thickly hung. A silent house with the gloom of an uninhabited: place upon it-a deserted' house, redolent of the past and the dead, The clang of the hoise's hoofs upon the old stone bridge that spanned the moat brought out of the house'a spare man of thirty years, with a grave, anxious face and grey'eyes that looked asif much distiurbed thought lay behind them-a man who bore the stamp of having' sinned deeply without having yet become hardened, or attained the peace that follows the conviction of being forgiven. He unbarred the rusty gate, and, piullV. ing it back upon its creaking hinges, allowed Sir Charles to pass through. In the court-yard the baronet dismosunted, and tethercd. his steed to an iron ring in' the wall. 'I shill iiot stay:losg,' he said. 'You did .not expect to see-me, Sabotsons?'. , , 'You gave uie no notice,' was the reply. ' Tliat.is:not a straightforward, answer, 'Did you expect me,,.ordid you not?' ' ifexpectedd you 'becaiek'u e"I knew Pyoi awere in the neighbourhood and would jsurely 'call'!?' W6n'i yi6rcome -in:?" S,' No, thanks,' Sir Gharles. replied, ,with ,a visible shudder. "' I'never wish to enter ithe place again. You seem to bear it 'pretty well.'. . ' Because I'on hot' quite alonei,' the doctor replied-. ' I have .brought dovn an old servant of mine. 'You need not look alarined.' She is:deaf as a post and would ' not hold conversation with people if: she could. Besides, she knows nothing.' S;' Of .course :not,'; said Sir Charles as they sauntered up and down thecourtt yard. ' My servants are all gone?' 'They, ran away :the day after the funeral,' said the doctor. !' You have had no callers here?' said Sir Charles, after a pause. 'None.' 'Nobody to ask any qiuestions ?' ' No. What questions could they ask? ' I don't know. People are curious sometimes., Suppose they should come, and suppose prying'people should work up a:-i disinterment, and some man as clever as yourself made an examinea tion ': '.,' You have no reason to fear they .would ifind'l poison,' said the doctor; quietly. :'I amr no bungler, and whaft ever I lay myselfiout to do it is done;, :I can't say I liked this business, but you bad the whip-hand of me, and I was obliged to carry it through. .. I succeeded beyond my expectations.' There wase another pause, the ,men 'autit'ering. 'slowly up and down; Sir Charles pausing here and there'to fit his boot inito a crack or to push away a small stone, 'like a man who is 'hesitating between doing a thing and.leaving it alone. Suddenly he turned to .his companion and said, abruptly ; S'You have. promised me to live here? 'I have, and I mean to do it,' was the reply. ..' You have given me a lease of it for fifteen years-' '"And three hundred a year.' 'Just so-a small enough sum, con siderig' the. work I did. ' :Iwas thinking, Sabotson that by.and' bye you might tire of it, either seek society abroad or invite some boon comn panion ' down to you and then blab in your cups,' 'I have no boon companion - no friend--' ' You forgot me,' said Sir Charles. ' Ah, said the doctor, drily. 'I forgot you, but I am willing to admit that you are a friend-in a way. And I have plans with regard to this house.' 'So?' '' Yes. I am thinking of turning if ialo a private asylum. I think I can get a licence, and the game pays. There are many people in this world who want to be taken care of, and there are many who, in the opinion of their friends, ought to be kept under restraint. I think I shall do very well.' ' It will be a horrible life for you,' said Sir Charles, ' shut up with a lot of lunatio. 'An interesting one,' the doctor said. 'rlinto'. and ipaibllshsnld by Tholnmls DDtnlal, , proprlotor, at thu Eveui'ig I'ons Fw 1'thtlsnK Utloias Aubsunr-t.eool Geslihe. 