TheWedding Ring. Its History-Runs Back to the'Beginr of Recorded Time. In Ancient Days It Was Used as an .Em* I blom ot Betrothal— Tho Important Part It Plays in tlio Mar- | . riago Ceremony of | ? tho Present. It io an incontrovortablo faot that every I woman feels a certain iutorcst in the subject of wedding rings. And, indeed, it is natural enough that this should bo so. Tie and symbol beyond aught cleo ot tho moat im portant orisiu in a woman's life, the wedding ring must necessarily bo fraught with f&soina-; tion for wifo and maid, for old and young aliko, Evofyo.no knows that rings woro worn in old Bible days, though what part they originally played in tho nuptial ceremony iB not bo clear. But at any rate they form an importaut portion -of the wedding Bcrvico among tho modern Jews, tho regulations in force among them on this head being very Btnot, Tho ring must in every case bo ex amined and certified by the officiating rabbi of tho synagogue, to mako euro that it is of the prescribed value, and tbo simplo opera tion of placing it upon tho finger is so bind ing thnt this alono, apart from a^y other portion of tho ceremony, ia considered to constitute a legal marriago* In point of faofc, however, it is not from the Jews, but from the Romans that the nations of modern Europe derivo their wedding ring. Among the ancient masters of the world, rings were commonly. used as part of tho rite of betrothal. But it is worth while to notioo that there was ono special differcnoe be tween tho ancient and modern use of rings in this respeot. In their original employment they were really not wedding but betrothal rings ; that is, they were given and taken as the publio expression of a man's promise to a woman that ho would marry her, As a learned writer has told us in regard to the early Italians,' a man who wished to pledge his faith to a woman, placcd a ring upon her finger, whioh is at the present day preserved for tho benediotion of marriage.' Two points aro thus to be remembered^* that in the old days thero were two distinct ceremonies— the # betrothal and the ^ptual wedding— both of whioh were equally es sential to tho full solemnisation of a mar riago ; and also that the ring was originally used, not for the Becond oeromony, but for the first. Suoh was tho oustoro during tbe pagan era ; and so it remained throughout tho early centuries ot Christianity. Marriage even then, and for a very considerable period afterwards, waB regarded in the light of a civil contract only, and was entered into be fore a magistrate ; while tho ring itself was used as tho symbol of promiBe in the pre liminary rite of betrothal. Gradually, however, these two oeremonies became merged into one by the Iobs on the part of the betrothal of its first formal obaractor. For some timo after this, and in oonsequenco of it, thero was no small uncer tainty in the use of tbe ring, which waa not unfrequently left out of tho busineBa alto gether. But, after awhile it reasserted its importance, and once morecamointo general use. Moreover, it now began for tho first timo to limit itself habitually to the single i hoop of plain gold — a form which baa beoome 1 inseparably connected with all our modern ! notions ol what tho wedding ring should be. It will thua be seen — to the surprise, doubtless, of not a few readers — that tbo wedding ring is not a Christian institution at all, but rather one which we have inherited, along with so muoh elso in out oeromonial, directly from olassical antiquity. This leads tho writer to mention a ourioua point in oon- : nection with its common employment. In pagan Jlome tho betrothal ring waa worn on the tbir«S-£nger (tho one next to the little finger) of the left-hand, as it is to-day. ThiB position is said to hare boen p^sen from tho belief— unfounded, of oourso-^^iat thero was u vein or nerve running directly from finger to the heart, a belief that was accepted/, not alone by the ignorant masses, but al8o* by the learned men — the dootorB and pbilosophera of the time. But in early Christian days a good deal of confusion seems to have prevailed upon tho matter, as a result of whioh tbe ring waa often plaoed and worn upon tho woman'a right hand. In tho old Saulsbury Manual ie found speoifio reference to this faot in a very Bingular pas sage, which throws eome interesting light on the subjeot of tho wedding ceremony in ganeral. From this we learn that the bride groom waa to recoive tbe ring from tbe priest, who had blessed it (and this blessing, it may be remarked, is still hicted at in the marriage service of thoEngliah Episcopal ohurob) ; and then holding the right hand ot the brido in his own left hand, he was to reoite tbe words : M With this ring I thee wed.' Then he was to place the ring on the right-hand thumb, saying : M In the name of tho Father then on the firat finger with the words : u and of the Son then on the second finger, adding : 'and Holy Ghost,' and finally, with the words dosing : 41 Anion,' on the third finger, where it was to remain. But in course of time uniformity was established in favor of the left hand, and there is no longer room for question concerning thia important point. Of course, no one acquainted with tbe marriage Bervioo of tbe English Epis copal ohuroh needa to bo iold tbat it ia absolutely necessary, according to tbe rites of tbat ohurob, that a ring Bbould be employed. But beyond tbo Bimplo ordinance tbat a ring there must be, the ohuroh makes no speoifio conditions, bo that (ourioua as it may ap pear) a ring of any Bize or -weight, material or pattern, will serve the purpose perfectly well, It is naturally enough not often that one has to chronicle any departure from re cognieod ouBiom in this regard ; but suoh de partures do from timo to time ooour. A atory is told of two paupers 'who came to ohuroh and requested to bo married with the ohuroh key, as the paroohial authorities had not furnished them with a ring.' The olerlc, it is said, not unnaturally, felt 'some delicacy ' about this, and finally found an other way out of the difficulty. He fotohed an old ourtain ring from his own house and with this extraordinary artiole the loving couple were duly united in the bonde of holy matrimony. But, though thia particular olerk saw fit to hesitate, the ohuroh key haa been employed, and tbat moro than once, in tbe place ot the ring during the laBt hundred years. Even the Duke of Hamilton 'was marriod at May Fair with a bed curtain ring.' Nor does this by any meanB exhaust the list ot eooentrio makeshifts* To givo my one other instance, it iB a matter ot history that a lady was once marriod with a ring of leather out transversely from the fingor of the bridegroom's glove. Thus tho plain gold hoop now sanctioned by long tiaoge and surrounded as it is by untold associations, is by no means so es sential to the marriage ordinance aa moBt people suppose. Indeed, it is only during more recent years that it haa been aooepted aa tho only proper form of .wedding-ring ; for in former days rings used for. marriage were frequently ohased, or set with Btones, or in i Boribcd on the inside or outside with names, initials, or mottoes. One might give a long | list of these mottoes, or posies ns they were j called, but it would hardly be found intereBt I ing or instructive *, tor they were not as a rule I distinguished by ^ great poetio - ability or ! marked originality of thought, i | Ho it appears that tho ; wedding-ring, Jiko | all- things human, has its history aud its | romanoei. , Nowadays it may indeed be Baid j that ita adventures are well nigh over. Per j haps bo, ,But, be tbat as i| may,,.the writer feels safe in prophesying that so long jib heartabeat in unieon.to the same hopes, the Barae* aspirations, the same desiros, bo long ' will thecwedding-ring keep its holttupon us allt ,as ;the-enauring ' Bymbol of faith and eaanfioc* .. : .. . . . ' ' Van Dodbb (indignantly): 'I am not qntte'a IbblJ'Mfss Amy I' j : Amy :'' No-^not quite.' I; duw; 'Whip!* | / VrsMn No, Tommy.' 