THE SECRET Of THE RIVER, By DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," " The Broken Seal," "' Quite True," etc. -4- CHAPTER XX. DICK's- PROPOSAL. Some very dark and unhappy days were passed by Kathleen Wynford, after that sad scene by the Wale, which had betrayed her lover's un worthiness to her. It is a terrible thing to lose trust in those we love; to have to confess that we have wor shipped at a false shrine, and Kathleen felt all this most keenly and bitterly. Her pride, too, was wounded to the quick, and this prompted her to return Dundas' presents without a word; and yet she was surprised that he accepted her dismissal in silence. She expected some entreaties, some explanation; and only when she heard that he had left River House; that it was shut up, did she fully realise that he meant to seek her no more. It was Lady Temple who told her he was gone. " And a good riddance too, my dear," she added. " What a blessing it was we found him out in time; his conduct was too disgraceful!" Kathleen listened to these words with burning cheeks, and a throbbing heart. Lady Temple, who was not a refined woman, knew very well that to speak of Dundas must be most painful to Kathleen's feelings, but this by no means induced her to be silent on the subject. " It is best she should hear all about it," she thought and said; and she therefore detailed every particular that she could learn of the scandal and tragedy at River House, for Kathleen's benefit. "I am told nothing could excuse the way in which he acted;" she said; "Major VaTughan, the poor woman's husband, was broken- hearted when she disappeared, and this Dundas pretended to sympathise with him, and acted a most deceitful part. My dear, how thankful you must be that your en gagement is ended, for, of course, you will never speak to him again." "My engagement is quite broken off," answered Kathleen briefly and coldly. " I hear he is a poor, man too, and embarrassed," went on Lady Temple, though she had heard nothing of- the sort; "and, of course, he just wanted to be rid of this poor creature, who was fool enough to drown herself for his sake." All this was most galling to Kath leen, and the words about his want of means, struck home, just as Lady Temple intended they should do. Sometimes, since she had returned her engagement ring, Kathleen had thought " though lihesinned it was for my sake;" and a softening of the heart, a feeling of forgiveness and pity had crept over her. "I daresay it was only for my money t like the rest," she reflected bitterly, after Lady Temple left her; and this 1 idea was no doubt very beneficial to r her, in her present frame of mind. It hardened her, and nmade her crush back the feelings of tenderness, which sometimes would steal over her when she thought of the gifted man she had loved so well. And how could she help thinking of him, when everything around her reminded her of him so vividly Her portrait that lie had i painted, the books lie had praised, the ( sketches they had made together, were 1 by her still. It had come so suddenly this blow, and though she tried hard to hide this, it had left Kathleen with a very sore and unhappy heart. But there was one person who never mentioned Dundas' name to her, and i Kathleen felt very grateful to him for his forbearance. This was RIalph Temple, who had heard of the broken - engagement and its cause with strong agitation, which he too strove to hide. Lady Temple was openly jubilant on the subject, but Ralph scarcely spoke of it at all. "It must be a terrible thing for Dundas," he said quietly. " Oh, of course, lie does not like such a dreadful scandal, and all that, but lie must be a most heartless man," answered his mother. Ralph said very little more; but the next day lie went to Northbridge to see Kathleen, and talked of everything he could think of but Dundas. He was slightly nervous at first, but this soon passed away ; Jockey assisting to make them both feel at their ease, for the coolie was always vety demonstra tive in its expression of attachment to Ralph Temple. He stayed more than an hour, and Kathleen, who had always liked hitm, felt that his society had been a sort of relief to her mind. He was the only person she had seen lately, sho had not talked of Dundas, and apparently rather enjoyed the trouble and shanie which had fallen uipon hintm. Even Jessie Burnett had not resisted speaking of the Coroner's inquest and all its painful details. The doctor had given evidence as to tile cause ofdeath, and his family naturally enough were interested in his words. Ithad been the one subject discussed in the neighbour hood during the last few days, and no one seemed to utnderstand how intensely painful it must be to Kathleen Wpyi ford. As for Dick Warden, his elation knew no bounds. He mnade a point of going to Northbridge, and talked the whole time hlie was there of nothing else. "They say Major Vaughan even struck Dundas over the face,"..said Dick, "and tiley've all sorts of stories; one is, that this unfortunate woman's ghost is to be seen wandering about River House. I declare such a report will injure the property, Miss Wynford, but of course it's all bosh. However, the house is shut up, and I am in formed everything is to be sold." Kathleen tried to turn the conversa tion, but Dick was too full of it, and she was thankful when Ralph Temple walked into the drawing-room while Dick was there, and as the littlelawyer proceeded to expatiate on " that fellow Dundas," as hie called Dundas, Ralph pulled him up very sharply. "Suppoe we talk on some pleasanter subject. Mr Warden," hlie said,.with a certain hatughtiness in his tone, whlich Dick was quite sharp enough to detect. "Everyone is talking of this affikir," he answered resentfully. "Yes, I am fairly weary of it," said Ralph Teauple. ."By-the-bye, Miss Wynford, my mother wishes to know if you will dine with us on Thursday," he continued, going up to Where Kath leen was sitting, and.statiding before her chair witlh, his back to Dick Warden; in fact, Ralphi treated him so contemptuously, that Dick went home in an absolute rage. - "We shall see, we shall see," he kept muttering to himself as he drove back to Farlington; and two days later, Kathleen received a letter from him, marked private and imlporta?,t "Dear Miss Wynford,"! she'ed with some uneasiness,. or she learned to have an iiistinctive 11iead somehow of Dick,Warden; "I propose to call upon yo'u to- morirow ?at t~elve o'clock, on some business which I think you will consider of the utmost impor tance. I shall not mention any par ticulars until I see you, but remain yours very sincerly, " RICHARl WARDEN." Kathleen thought more than once of writing to tell Dick that she could not receive him.; but as MrJWarden and, he: managed all her affairs, .he? concluded: it was about some money niatters that lie wished to see her, so she let it rest as Dick had arranged; and precisely at twelve o'clock the next day Mr Richard Warden's card was brought to her. "I wonder what he wants 1" she said to Jessie Burnett, as she rose, and walked slowly, up to the drawing-room, for her step was not so quick nor so light as it had been a week orso ago. Dick was standing as she entered the room, and his pink fice'was a" little pale, ps lie went forward and shook hands with Kathleen. " I've got something to say to you Bliss Wynford," he said rather ner vously. "Yes 1" she answered inquiringly. " It is on a painful subject," began Dick, and then he paused a moment, and it immediately struck Kathleen it would be on the subject of Dundas. "I would rather not hear it, then," she said. " But I amr afraid you will be obliged to hear it," went on Dick more fluently; "but, I hope you'll remenmber I am acting as your friend in this, your most sincere friend." "I do not understand you 7" "I will exl,lain myself in at moment or two, I am sorry, as I said, to refer to a painful subject-to your father's death." Kathleen's lips quivered, and she gave a little gasping sigh. " You of course remember.all 'the sad circumstances," continued Dick; " the arrival of a person who called himself Abbott, shortly before - the unfor tunate event l" "Yes, yes; but whly refer to this now l" asked. Kathleen with agitation. "I cannot help doing so; this person lissoughlt me out; Iam commissioned by him, in fact to comie to some arrangement with you." ".Has sought- you: out.!" repeated Kathleen, who had grorn very. liale. '!"Yes," said :Dick, :filt 'le 'Inevir uttered anything imore.uutrue, for he had sought long and diligently for Albott, not Abbiott for him. "And-anrid what has he to say 1" faltered Kathleen. " My dear girl, trust in nm, and it will all be right," said Dick familiarly, and he approached her,'anid would have taken her hland, but Kathleen drew back, "it's a most unpleasant business, deuced unpleasant, lint we may is well look it in the face, and try to make the best of it between its, and no one else need be the wiser." "Tell me whatyou mean 1" " Well, you see, I wias alWvjasiquite sure there must hrive'i ien some very strong motive for poor Wynford making away with himself? I said so to my father at the time, and T havre fre quently thought so since; and the truth is-you mustn't be put out, you know-just leave it to me, and I'll arrange it, but this Abbott, as lie now calls himself, las lint the screw on." :'lHo said something to imy dear father !" exclaimed Kathleen, deeplly moved. "He knew the secret of poor Wynford's early life, that's the truth -it's a most' unpleasant thing to have to say to you, you know-but this Abbott is neither more nor less than a released convict." " What!" cried Kathleen, startled and overcome. " Neither more nor less, I assure you," repeated Dick; " twenty years ago, he got a twenty years' sentence, and lie's worked it out, and he is a free man now, but lie's a devilish poor one, naturally, and lie wants to come to a little fiuancial arrangement witl you. "I do not understand," said Kath leen, who was now deadly pale and faint. . "I'll explain it all presently, but I want you to feel' your in safe hands; that I've your real interests thoroughly at heart.: WellfBiss 7Aynford, I'll not beat about the bush any longer; you're a sensible girl, and you'll see whlat will be tlhe wisest course- lut this fellow wants you to.buy_ his silence." " About-" gasped Katlithleen, grasp ing the back of a chlair for support. "About your: faither's early con nection with him. It's a long story, and not a~-jpleasant one for .me to tell, nor you to listen to, but still you'll have to hear it." ' " Yes." <"It seems.in their young days, this Abbott arid yoiir fathew'\vere together in a large.conimercial house in London; your father tihe head and trusted clerk, anid this Abbott one of the juniors-but he was called Richard then." " Richard 'I releated '. Kathleen's wiiite li1ius; she renieinibered at this moment the message slie had carried to her father,; on the last morning of !lis life. " Yes, so I understand; well, your father had been a good friend to this Richard, or Abbott, we may as well call him, as that is the inaine he passes bly now. ,Abbott ?~aB,,al'yays~a poor. ma~n~, anod y'yir fatheihiiadihd ellied him more than once; anid absolutely saved the life of his only child, by risking his own life, when, this boy got into the: river one day. In fact, yourfathlieraud Ablott had always been good friends,. when the head ofthle' conimoercial hlonse that they were blothl in, died, and his son, a young careless fellow of twenty four succeeded him, -*who despised business, and left tlie whole manage ment in yoir father's hainds." "Did-Abbott tell you all this l" now asked Kathleen, as Dick Warden pausedi for'breatlh.. " Every word of it with his own lips, and moreover lie proved.ilis story to my complete" satisfaction, for you may lie sire, MIiss WVynford, in your interest I sifted it carefiully." " Go on, go on i" cried Kathleei, in uncontrollable anguish and impartience. :' Well;, tlhese ,two, your:fathler uand Abbott, got tired, I suppose, oni living on small salaries, when they constantly -your fatlher at least-1had large sums through his Ihands, and they laid their heads together,',ind begani to speculate on the Stock Exchlange, and in other ways, with tuionies .abstracted tem ponrriy fionm .llc: film. Y? Yur. father could easily do this, s hlie managed everything, and he nevet appeared at all in these underhand trausactions. It was Richard- .(or '-.Abbott) who speculated; and your'ffther was sup posed to know nothing about it;?'. It 'went in for several years withfs'.rying isuccess, and the 'money was- reguliiily 'replacd, and thl books: oflthe firti "whichfsonce a year or so were over hauled by an accountant,' were'al'ways kept straight. Young Bavington, who was in reality the head of the firm, lived down in the country somewhere, and rarely came to town, and your father used to send down Abbott to his place, to get the cheques signed' that were necessary to carry on the business. This, I suppose put it into Abbott's head that it would be easy enough to fo'g' :the "signature of this careless young man, and thus obtain a command of money which need not at once be accounted for. lie admits he pro posed this to your father, and on one occasion, when they had lost a large sum on some secret spec, just at the time when the books were about to be looked over, Abbott forged young Bavingtcn's' name fort five 'hundred pounds, and everything was kept apparently on the square. But the success of tlhis made them too bold; again Abbott forged Bavington's name; and this time the young gentleman happened to go up to'town, and to go to his banker's the day after this cheque had been presented and cashed. Whether the people had any suspicions at the bank, I can't say, but one of the managers spoke to Bavington, and said lie supposed the cheque was all right, and Bavington. swore at once he had never signed it; and 'Abbott who had presented it, and got the money, was arrested." A cry she could not suppress, escaped from Kathleen's pallid lips. - " Abbott was caught red-handed as it were," continued Dick with satisfac-' tion, "and it soon all came out that lbe had been a great speculator on the 'sly, and everything was thus accounted for. He was tried "for forgeir, 'and got twenty years; and- before his trial,,your father had an interview :with' hintm. Abbott knew very .well -the'rd wassno escape- for himself, and though- your father knew: aoil' about . the forged cheques, and lhad traded with them', and connived at the forgeries,. Abbott agreed to take the whole blame, if your ftther ,would promise to, look after Abbott's clhild-the boy your father had saved--. during the-years .he was in p'enil servitude." ' "It. cannot, cannot he true !": cried Kathleen, clasping'her hands :together, and looking wildly in Dick's ftce. " My dear girl, it is perfectly true, and.nonistake.about it. X..What--made poor. Wynford shoot lhimself,, do, yon think II can tell yoiu it, was; tIhe return' of this' mans Abliott--tlhe uii expected return, mark ye, for your father believed him to have been dead many. years. 'And lie iot only retutlned, but he came back and demanded that your fathser would give him half of his vhole: for:tune ! There ,was something in ityoti see. 'But for is'e,'said Abbott, 'you too would be now Ia retrllined' convict ;. an outcast, insteald of 'a respectable gentleman, with a good income.'. That was what Abbott said, and tliere was.no doubt a good deal, of truth iri it.' - "But," said Kathleen with the boldness of- despair," "- where' did" the noney.that my:-fther left,:come from theui T. ' " I can answer that too ; no suspicion that lie was connected with Albbott's forgeries, fell bon'?Vy·ford at the time, and lie continued mamiger, and was finally taken into partnership by young Bavington, who died some fifteen years ago. Your father was a successful man of business- and.retiled after realizing a fortune, before lie came to this part of the world." " And did Mir Bavingtou leave any children I" asked Kathleen, whose fiee was now quite blanched. ," One daughtoer I believe," 'answered Dick. "And-what could this Abbott do now l" "0Oh, well, you see lie might maike h?imself very unpleasant. He has served his time, and he might even threaten to raise some claim on your fitlher's pro perty, if Ihe..went and told his storyto th'ese 'B i'ingtoiss. Bute we'll. 'choke him off, no fear of that! I will arrange to"giveshim a' sniimllltii ddowti, " 6i"sian alllowak, ~ iiiche:i'?hii likes iest ? 'I see his claim, and recognise the justice of it, and to give the fellow his due, he does not seem inclined to drive a very hard biargain; I thinik your father's deathl shocked him a bit, .nd then yos's see poo" Wyuford saved tihe life of hisi boy." "A nd is this boy dead? " "Died two yearus after Iis father gota bi' sentence. Oh, we'll manage him trust it all to me, and this unfortunate story will beh buriied in Abbott's6 "rave." SKat(lileensremained qutite silent' for a fev ii'soments·3 a strange stoniness had stolen iixto the expriession of her face. (To7be contciumed.) 