SUPERNATURAL! A; or .: Ghostly Apparitions. Tho appearance only to parsons vzho ara pecnliarly fittod for ghost-eceing ie ono of tbo peoularitioa oi all gboHt leyouun. It is not everyone that can sea the inhabitants of tho invisible world, but those whose eyos are opened, or for thoso whom tbo ghost has a feeling that makes a band of sympathy, or thoso who by some peculiarity of birth are bettor qualified than othera (or Buoh rayetio sight. For instance, a child bora on Saniay in Scotland is believed $o have thia power abovo ell others. The "Wuito L?3y ?' appears on such occa sions in such manner aa he obooses, but ia also capable of being summoned by any of her family acoordiag to o prescribed , formuia and by the performance ot certain rites. The "White Lady of Avenel "is onty tbe application to a particular family o2 a belief common in Scotland where fcbi> apparition known in Ireland cci the banrbTd ia known by tho nnmo came, but qaite ap crtton the " white lady." In fact, most ot tao great families in the Highlands wore supposed to have o do mestic spirit wbc sook an interest in their prosperity, ana tiaually intimated an ap proaching disaster by w&ilioge; and uneartly sounds of grief. But thero wag a diCerouce in the apparition vary tog with the character which oaoh is soppo?cd to havo held whilo upon the earth in mortal flestvbut in general it appeared no an old woman in a mantle with streaming hair. ?? . A superstition of the enmekind ia bo gene rally received in the Green Isle that the banshee is oounted in popular belief to be a peculiarly Irish credulity. In Ireland thero have been various ex planations of tho word, banshee, moat of them explaining it as tho " head of tho fairies," or " white fairy ;" but Dr. O'Brien in his Irish dictionary -writes," beausigbe plural man sigh?," tho fairies, or women fairies credulously supposed by the common people to be so afleoted to certain families that they are heard to. sing mournful lamentations around houses at night whenover any mem ber of the family labors under a B'olmeHS whioh ifl to ond in death. Borne ot the cases in whioh the banshee has appeared are told with an abundance oJ detail and confirmed by so many witnesses that, although unwi'iing to believe the tale. it beoomo? a difficult one to answer or explain away. The banahee of the Bunworth family as related to have appeared on the occaeion o> tho death of Rev. Charles Bunworth, rector of Buttevant, in the county Cork, about the middle of the last century is euoh a ease Iti first appearance was to one ot the servants named Kavanagh, who came to tho bouse apparently in great grief and wringing hie hands. " What is it you mosn, Kavanegh 1" in quired Hies Bunworth. " Iβ it mean V eaid Kavanagh ; " the ban- Bhco has oome from him, Mies, and 'tis not I alone who have heard her." ?' 'lie an idle superstition," Bfiid Miss Bunwdrth. " Muy.be so," replied Kavanagh " but as 1 came through the glen of Bailybeg uho was along with mc, keening and screeching and clapping her hands by my side every otep. of the way, with her lonj? white hair falling npon her shoulders, and I oould hear her re peating the master's name overy now and tben, as plain as I ever heard it. When I eametothe old abbey ebo parted from mc thero, and turned into the pigeon Held next tue burying ground, and folding her cloak about her, down eho sat under tho treo that was struck by lightning and began to ory bo bitterly thai it went through one's heart to Hoar it." Mies Bunworth told Kavanagh that her father was sleeping quietly, and that they thought he was doing well, but warned him not to tell the story to anyone. Mr. Bunwortb; howevtr, did not progress toward recovery, but declined gradually, though nothing more happened until the night of hie death. Then there waa a eudden suund outside the window near tho bed. A rose tree waa forced aside with some noise, and a low moaning was hoard, accompanied by dapping ot hands, as if of a f omalo in deep aflliotion. It ueonicd as if the ooundpro seeded from a person holding her mouth oloso to the window. The lady who sat by tho bedsido went into an adjoining room and i asked the gentlemen there if thoy had heard the banshoo. None of them fcolieved in her ladyship, and .they at once instituted a thorough investigation, Thoy walked all around the house, examining every epot of ground, but there was not a sign, not oven a Jootntcp upon the fresh earth of tho garden. Upon' their return thoy' were astonished to bear that tha manifestations had been re peated, nnd that they had been more marked, and tho dapping of hands louder than be fore. ? During the night the uick man grew rapidly worse and expired with the first glirapas of morning. . The legend of "Tho McCarthy," is tho most peculiar among all the baneheoo. The young man died and was laid out for several hours when he oamo back to life and insisted that ho had been before tho judgment eeai, but bad beon permitted to come back with the understanding that threa years more of lift were granted him in whioh be might become a better man. . He had boon very wild and dissipated, but reformed at once and lived as a man naturally would who' knew .that tho day ol his death was (ixod. Aβ theitimo drew near McCarthy's mother sent for her sister to-be with them at tho eventful time. On the way the baneneo appeared, giving a suoooasion of soreams and making t> loud clapping of the hand?. . Then they saw tho 'figure- ot a tall thin woman, with uncovered head, and hair that flouted around her shoulders, attired in something which might be a loose white oloak or a ehoet. gbo stood in tbo way as it to stop them, and motioned to go another way, whioh they finally went. When they got there thoy found that McCarthy had been -slightly wounded by a pistol shot, a wound that was thought ot no importance, but from whiah he died the.very day that the three years waa up. : The origin ot all these appearances and many like them is easy to trace. They go back, not to olaesio, but to tho old Norse days when Woden, whom wo call Oden, was given a place among tho gads, and Frigga waa miido his oonoort. Odin beoamo tho earliest form ot tha hunter, who, with hia mystic attendants with born and houndo, was reported to pursue the chase all ovor northern Europe. His consort in like manner became the white lady who became transformed into a hundred different legends in whioh tho motherly, protecting influence of tho divine Frifjga is not entirely lost. There are a number of white ladies con nooled with various nobla families in Ger many, but probably the ono that if moot re markablo and scem? to be tho most substan tiated is connected with tho royal house o! Germany, and is known as tho " White lady ot tho Hohenzollerns." The lady in question is said by all to ,bo one of the ancestresses ot the family, but whioh one is cot agreed. There is an abundance ot evidenoe as to her repeated appearances, end no merely ghoei etory is bo well authenticated. She is recorded to havo made her first op. pearancoin 1608, just before the death of the eleotor, John Geargo. Twenty years later she prognosticated tbo death of John Sigia mund. In 1829 she again appeared, aud for the first time spoke, ottering thcEO words: "Veni, judico. vivoa et mortuoa." A paper of that early day records tho appearance with this ?lutemsnt: , " It is also undeniable that in 'our times, only a few yean ego, in a certain princely bonne allied to that of Bradenburg, a young prince met with a fatal accident, and that a few days bdeiQ bte death tha v?bito lady was iSSja.' , .:??,?? ' '?"???.?? ;...?.?? .'V, .-.?? :?;? ?'? / in I6BD Hμ white IsSy was racJ in tne gallery of Berlin, beforo tho death qt Anna Sophia. drioEoss or Brunowick, mid again in 1607, when uhe foretold tho doath o! Loosie Henriette, wifo of the eleotor, Frederick William. '????? :.'.'? ...v-.' ?::???:?: The anbecquent appearance, generally, no lisvedin by tho Germans who believe in ghosts at all, was to Frederick I. of Prussia, the son ot tho elector. Hβ was laying on hie bed in a weak, exhausted condition, with a valet oeleep on a njntireK? near l>y. Sadussly? ho heard tbo hangings.divide and caw a toll white lady with outstretched bkob and flow ing hair, inclining her bond toward the bed) and taming from right to left as though, eho sought Bomothing under tha hangings. At last sho discovered the king, and her steady eyes looked at him long in silence. William rai?cd himself and m?do a movement; her eyes followed him ; aho wen "unmoved.-'..'At.',-' that momont the clock on a pier table near tho bed rang tho hoar and stopped. The lad? disappeared. At the same moment a violent noise was heard in tho room adjoining, wbero were, and now arc,placed on sideboards, the plates and dishes need in the fetes of tho L-iassian king. They all 101 l with a crash Jo the floor. ... -.-,. ??'-???.? The valet awolto ; the king oried in accents of terror: " There, tbero I She went oat there I" -And with bewildered look, hia hand extended, be pointed to the door of the private room. :?. : :'. ?...-. '.-'?, ..-"'.-.. "Who ?" naked the'valet, half asleep. "The white lady, I tell yon 1 Go ana see whiah way ehe went." The velet aaarohea ?all over the palace, and found no speotre.; ? - " I saw. tha white lady," said tho king, ac though speaking to himself, and.covered his faoo witb' L the bed coverings, Next day be ordered his colUn and made the Qaeen,taifl wife, to lie in it, in order to seoif the size wae right. It was his last aoi of cruelty, for he died that night. Forty years after, his son, Frederiok tho Great, died at Sans Souoi, and he, too, caw the white lady. Tho oiroumstancee again were remarkable. A picture of the white lady had been painted (it is said by hia own hand), which is still in existanco, and ehowe tho superstition whioh was evidently in hia mind. Whether he expeoted to. see her ot not, eho came. ' ; . ? One evening just at nightfall Fredenoh was alone in the library standing before a mu?io stand whioh ho need when playing the flute. The door opened and the white lady traversad tbo room without looking at him. For a moment he did not know what to do. Then ho followed her; ho opened thei'opr and followed her from room to room without reaching her and finally stopped st tho vesti bule. Tho apparition seemed to run ovar tho band in the oircular court, seemed to hesitate a moment then vaguely beokonod him to come, and disappeared. Ho died a few days afterward. Tho Whito Lady of Holienzollern is also ewe to have appeared in 1810 befovo tho death ol Fro Jcrick William III; in 1801, previous to the death of Frederick William IV., and in tbo pre sent year iirovious to tho death of tUe late em poror. The conclusion of llio matter is that tbo enper ?tition, born far back in tho dnye of paganism, baa permeated K'liopo and ctill haa eomo power, but oa remarked an Irish Btory-ti'ller : " 1 don't hoar that tho banshees go on so much now asthoy dij formerly." Sach boliora must fade out before tlio march of inteiligonco and knowledge, and yet they aro co full of a peculiar interest that mwjy will regret thdr loss even in tho day when no ono will cio Jitor acccut thorn upon any authority what ever. TiiF.nc wo many worco things than elngle lilc??edneea, and tho condition of the old maid is no less honorablo to lior than is that of matri mony to her wedded uistor. Tho old maid lasy. if eho will, and eho generally does, boar a noblo part in tho good work of making tho world a batter and hai.pier place. There aro probably few who do not carry with thorn through life tho louder memory o' some old maid whoso lovo ana goodness chcerod and blessed their early years. UuiT often is Bbo a ministering angel whose life is spent iv ttets of unselfish duvotion to those around her? Wo cannot eparo tho old maid. ?bo has an important rolo to play "? the human comedy, and the thing for her to do ie to study it aud play it well. Tlio woman who worries bo oaueo eho sees old maidenhood beforo ber ia with out Good suise. Lot her bo sure that tbero aro thousands of wives who only wUh that they had led Biii"lo Uvea, and then Bhoniuy ilnd it easier to loam of tho apostle in whatsoever etalo sho IB therewith to bo content. 