NOVELIST, The Van Rensselaer Ghost. ItY ItLiEN V. TALOOT. It was with onti:ipations of plenanio that my friend, Ituport Davieon complied with youon Winter's invitation to spend Now Year's aat his country seat. Winter had but lately been msrried, and was indulging a whim for opending the holidnay in the eountry, at an old manueon ito bad lately purchaed on the Sound. Tihe novelty of the thing war, in ieesll, agreeablo, and there was suro to be molutrs whoos reading alone was rnough to titillato the palate; and though ltupost was by no means a gourmand, he was Dio more indilfferent to tio charms of quail on toast and devilled lobster than aol. other man, irda, Winter was a protty woman, and a delightful hostess, and, in Phort, smy friend felt suro that his visit would prove one of ths moot delightful incidents of the'anowbound reeRon. It was, therefore, with a blithe lheart that he stopped from the., usear upon the Aster station, lind inquired the way to Mr. Charles Wioter's hoour, It's a good three miles from here," said a man in an old army overcoat. "You'd better step into my aleigh, and I'll take you out for a quarter; seoam staougo they didn't meet you, if you were expected," lie added, with thie free curiosity peculiar to men at his elas .in Now -Nngland. "Perhaps they didn't know your train," continued hebo couehmar, when ltupert and hie portmanteau wer eonto in the sleigh. "It may bh you that sent thin telegram I amt taking to them \- now. It ame a couple of hours ago, but the station master, seeing no one was dead, and the roads so bad, thought he would wait awhilo until come one was going that way." Rlupert could not avoid smiling, but his thoughts were diverted by the wide expenca of snowy flolds through whic thry waoreo iu. sing ; the villnage lay to the rijght, and in tbis direction was here anod there only a lonely farmohcno tiurroended by its unlpinted autbuildinge, and loaded with a weight of enow ' ij ii ....." ,'iost to hurv_ itL o T, y ... r I uA n" .n ,"g '.;" ?'1s"t 7' .in 6 c'.- "'O wuaych al.m, ,t ?. "i;-q ,- booir. "I wonder Winter pure et.'dl in sulch a lenely spot," brol:o from Italert rat last. "It is not Co decroy in eunnrtl?," ar,. twered the driver:,fr.liitn the obtcrvation as addresecd to hiimtelf. ' T rid in a boentiful drive then, nrd Mr. \ in or Iinas Flnty of horses ; lh'a no cll to Btay here but hwhen it is pleasant, acd no fool itnow,t what ho wants to be coming now for. It'o a grand houns, thouglh." Rupert, neaing a few quostiono, ellcited the knowledge that the house had been owned by an old ltolochi family ns a hIomo? itead for filty)car., but as the older moar. bros of the group punred away none of the younger cared to live on the property. and it had been sold. The man, however, dropped bints tlhat there bhad been other reasons for diaposing of it; what thesow re liupert could tnt dllinitoly discover, " There it stands," enid the driver, point. log with hie whip at a large, equnro houec that moust, in nummcr, uhave bIee, nearly hidden by the fclingo of the encircling oheot. nut trees. " You eo tlhat a number of now. fashioned houres have been built near it by other city ewelle, making it look litke til grandmother of the lot," The largo gate stood open, and the eleigh jingled merrily uu to the door. At the sound of tile boils ste hltter wao opened wide, throwing a blaae of lighllt over the snow, and permitting n youns mtan to oprinl; into the frosty air and oeieo itRupert by the hand. L Unlooked for but ilways wloonmeo," cried Charlee Winter, " thtough I did expect you eanlier this evenintl, and only gave you up on reeiving no ncea3lgo." i1upert referred 'Mr. Winter to thie tlo. gram which theOdriverl plliodued, and the two young nmen entered the warm, bright hall of the house; hero I,Ruert was rr ceivcd by Mrs. \Vinler, apponrittng more than tv,rof detirablo tprettinces. "I am glad you did not waitr until a still later train," sshe raid, pllayully, "for it is Now Year's lve, tihe limo for all eerie things Ito be abroad; and though I havo brought you into the very homle of a hlhotl, I would not wiehl you to be spirited away on the road by one." "Are tithere gKlho in Now B?iliand?" said Rupert, "In Now ,egl-ta:nld I 'hIni very haulnt of ghotel I I think thle old I'uitnlne, flindiug how much they lest which tllhy nigllht hIttvi had on earth, come Ililping itlouiltt now sI sonea what they elln get." "And hiav you ia ho3eat hlre?" iasked Iltuport. "liuh I" said Mia. Winter, witl raised finger. " If there is ontt, trllhnp you emaytt. see It," "1 ferrently hope uot,.i" trjir? d It'ltir t, on ho hurried to nake teady for the wait Inlli Ineal. Ilo was not dialappoinled in thull ui nt.lI i! view Io had takentl ofl tilt ttsl t1 It i woUl lldet; thern wIrU two3 other llCI lbsidhi hit a nult and hlitoou, the ehltr rl who0 wll i t llnoeral flordon, al, anI oldl Ii lutherl lwunol I r( tMrsa Winter, olat buhiutchr tntito i, tl, i icrtl, an irReCible lld follow,; who i!lveter. otely diteroed wtith v?erylbdly, ianIl y rt ontl of ' thl e 10 oet lh I itn l lta ici ale liivini?. 1'Tc atiet . asa I ltt of forty 1r tilar, i i ll oft the ntlting god of day., hiloting t grain toeolnit 'front issoulri; lie I l ail lJhi l franknlli el ·genrillily lnoried to i I llon of tlh \\\'W t o lt far ais tlh illnnit r wt (ni(t but hIt nlhcl iol1 coaled unider Ilil aitpptaniceill bl owll indlvid. uallty. There was nllot YwanthIl the finluanlllltle of fair damns, olther. l r t. Wintir wi ictr nitnid by the Ilnocent, hoolto.Mirliih anIlter of General tlordon enld Unthte frb il, I Misa Allen EIlller. The tnblo watslt nit it n llt , low roomf wainsootel with oall to the ilit1h; it li'r roaled tn the l do lliunla.i lllrlypter t n it atnd dancing uhsdow n ol the n wla ofll til lall, olaw.footrd mluhnl liouy fulrnlllirl, ; thl lblil wns lit with lllllltnndl tn In heavy tiletr usill. ntioke, the air ti th whol leiing nIhh tIllt-t iltletrt hlu laid Iio f:lt Irnllporitdl into one of ttile rare old llltoriorl of Irving or Ilnw. thorns, " Is nolt y uirnllp i ituot chrlningl y Iltled to dle ioluo I"'' asked lir,, \Vinter, on tIh dcPlerl wais broight on, and Ill woro begi':inig to feel te linl and tolkalivily din. pos:d. " It would have beenl rmnomul to have one of the:o old roomulll arrangeld in Ilo modern way, and moes'. loltnnao:ly the Van : Itleiooular let mno take all the furniture c with theu hoRe." " Te ilhost thrown ini " isluir0ed 0l..erlt. " Ono would av0o thought they hod chovoen to poack it up and c:l:ry it away vitlh them; a t ghost is n rare thil:g to hav0e in a faumily qullit a dihlingulbhed maoth. I shall be lompltd to adopt it for my own if I canltlud it." SYou miught .s waell oleal my diamonds," raid the lady. "I would put you under arrent juot'an soon." " Wnt i the stcry of thl ghost; Cousin Elin?" askcd Irdith Gordon. " My dear child I Da you want me to tell you a ghost story at the dinner tabloe" cried Mor. W'inter. "No, I shall teloll you when you and Alica come into my dresetnlg room tho looast thing at night, and the gentle. men re sto ill moklinlg nod talklinl down talir; l then, like ' Maud' and ' Mdgeo,' 'we will sit fnod comb our beautiful hair,' and like eom0o one chel, ' tll rlrango ltorics of the deaths of hinog.' I inslat upon all the our roundings." " And are wo poor mnen only to form our ghootu out of the tsmolo of our cigars ?" aid Ilupert. " I fear I shall hbe a koyholo listener." "I ihnll leaveo Charle to tell you the dlory," replied the hlostels, lalnoing at iher hnshatd, who appeared aingularly grave. " I really think ho moro than hallf believes in it." oll ---ounogatnal -JdaL"Aid hl ntiole. "Then it is not true ?" anid Edith Gordon. "You ehnll hcar and judge for yourrell' cousin; I eliove the fntaeou the lady'a lif, boforo ho beoamo a ghost, can obe vouched for. I expect to tihave you and Alice lilteoing with curious attention to night to her ro mantic story." " I cannot promiro for the coriosily of one," onid Mieu Elelter, in a full, muoical voioe. The tale will not be a new one to me." Tile eound of her voice drew ltapart'l at. tention to Alice, whom h1 had hardly noticed before, no aboe out fIrlhet fromn hia at tilu table; once drawn, lie was held by n mag netism that constrained himn to regard her every movement, and wait for every word obe muight utter in that rich voice. Ilo hals on flened that it is diflloult to docoribo the peculiar chahal at Miss Ellel r exoroloed over him,although he allegro that her beauty was of an unominon hold; it fao polo and exqoleitivoly cut, no though in ivory, lighted by tho glow of her dark eyes, atdm shaded by tile night of her silken hlair a well rounded form ajid a ianad iond arm the most perfect ho had ever Ec0n. 0lcr dress of white India pongeo added to her stntuestueo appearanceo and to luiprt'ol'u Ins. oinalion, forho had over contended that w'hite was thie oine robing in whic'h honuty realieod hie ideal. Iliecyeo, gathering avery detail, took in also a curious emeraldlocket that that oil her whlit throat. 7 To my riper experience there was little Smyoloriono in Iho attention of an ardent young fellow, liho my friend being. fixed on o such a creature, though he insists that theru woes a depth of apiiit andl power about her Sthat attratold beyond her beauty. Ilo that San it may, Itpert tell iostantly fthomns det'l in love with Alicsa Elleler, whloh set his head so in a whirl that he could with difltaulty at s tld to nuythinge lso. '" Why, Alice, where have you henr.l of my hlhoIt 1" inqgulrcd tMrs. Wintcr. " I did not d know that you had booeen in tlil putt of the, country before." "Il hvn not," raid Alla, Elll'r ; " but, Slthougllh I amen u cunil lnted with my eoeminl im Illolther wal it s "tler of tlhe I, Van AUiroi l l ttlp t:, otiornved that li yl og a had fixed hh2 'roynrdu on the young I tli"' and was oolntieios of an ugly foolinl; that th eired to eoomalld thl chulange of his gaze td som S leoss P t ed qlarttr. I "'his in?iloerOting oabveo ai thllng'e," saiil tbr heoiesn, with a latalkliug faco. "An the Sghost is tile daughter of ilia old 'oulleman, a ourely shel will aplear to you I would ap l0eor to Edith, here, were In a ghost. Th lady has blcn most uneaoeal with me, but I lo Iavct may heart on lcrlappeailng to some one to-aight, and now 0omo one ll, hero with hnllolen rio i couetledI shioe musot to luod. You will not be afraid 1" S".Not of tht t poor girl," raid Alilo, halfl t amiling, a faint emile like nioonlight oll 00no0. r '"Ol ooar notl' crettimed the uuclo. 3 " VWho would?" "I thhik that I sliculd if I aow her," whiscpred Idltlh. a lrs. \Vintr llinled her hand in her huo hIbando' arm as they rose fromt'the table. " Why do 3 n1 looli ao ?rrieun Charlehsa" shoeaidl hiyfitlly. "llivo I di. glnaed you with 1all Ibh frivolouo talk about Sghi?ila 1'' "Nut exactly that, lovo," aild Winter; i" but theo hltory l tlhat poor young lady t i oloaI to me too od inld true to lurn Into a jest." 1 "Oh my dear Charnles,"o ald hl wife, " Swould not lallgh at that part 01 it for worlds; but a little hnrmlese nonsenso about a phost I you will olrely lnot denty mei I shalll Stpositlvely be je1nloue of the fasointaltg ahade, if you object and fear you have serret meet. Sheo looked witlh pretty wilfulnese Into SVWioter'o Ince, but Ifloatd away to the plano, f where her sweet volue gave a turn to the . thoughlt of the company. Taile following three Courn were the most delightfull lItupert Ild ever cpenlit. I o oh. I ilned the (r'2 ent Alie ill the old chimoney. Scorlner, nold I leto2i the boy well i.nouiil: to Sbe nouro that no ithe evl0nini g"rPw tIn 20proU2d Sclo?;?e aand chl2ocer to her i l,. lii Iltps l2p?. on bn t rl0iinariy oiibjetl , iit y.''o cil, te l22ior2 e0?l e'it Ihan lien1 , andi if 1 vo r eyed !uttereda dhl2ntin2?l ( loua they m222 tlhoed 01 o Iy friendl. tli, l , ',!1.,l'li 2 i2 ti 'ti. i d f i ' ihin i 11nu l i t ,m Sanldh h len by th'n tie'< l.'hh,, yie,, IIhinn t rnird theil'ti u lot n y iof thI 'I IP - ' t l. i, e rel t e ,"ir r,'gy, then:'h l1 I,it wul,,l.l , 2i211en 202 y 2,. 2 hi 22 Iif to lteo l al a iq nl.' Ilook2 t l eliL. -ll . t l2 , II',2 I m, 02 i 'J . lw mi2l2 of h'r202 21 1 sic2i ', 2.220 r 0vt'z?i i, Iuln ,t rol ,r 1rei to her Rt2t :.0, 111 tW,'a l t1iei e?12, 11 IIite 21ven, II e to2ni i2 n wl2i2ih nIly' mi2ll2 i, 222.I2t' l, heel 122,10itl t 1 22 I ¢v., hran lon ly Ie ni . l 2 e. , ii 22' t l i, 1012 1 2. 21 'li0 22.2, lnly t I 2Ii .l 2 L 2l0b 2 ll2 1 thb, O h ll'l illno vhl i2itIe It ti J otIi0l ;olod t i uht, til ll th, S ,ll ' ll*i '0 2 12 lt 1 1'ille2 l i nto h 0 211 t 1tlolI. 21i 2 a1 2 l 0 l'o2 2 ; 2lll2il i l iilt 022 ],2 l dolle,, 11,0 2r22i,t, i! 2l2ll1ro .l 2ii2 tl2 ' ha 1 11 2i2 Al222 roulily hll erll end l hel i:mll: llpll( f bll',, fmI 22222122202 Ptl~o 22o0, wilh their li2l tshtut th222 I Illll do, t rlll't h i pect kst,. I A\lth,)lh the? ?inumiplllyt, hllll ia'tch, d th,, l I?1 1 ,1 the I2 l ye'ar 2 ll d the bihil , 2 l tlh22 ii 1 , wIIt1 . Wi'ni 'r 2 o1h1r12 22 d t22 lu12 t 201 it 2ll,2,b ia SkIo 1 uIh the lld2''l l a , lllhe I2l222r ili 222 0I2 wItlh thel:hunlt, i uloiy ilbio und .lio w'ould tell "2 th01 . l..' ,'1 2 i r ri' i. )FA l i ' \- Alia";"llul he in , " 10 ril l t w o ill nl iP h tiiv Ilit toh d2w2l the 222i2r2 lt , al hi Ih, '22 22' I wonbl if wil 1it ,.e 11 ith , I h,' 1 2 , 2 h val 'ri i f2,2 12 1222 122222t2 1222 l?'t . 1 ? r l in S yhlich l tihl u11ll bi ' bui l j0" r1oam, it milton n 11 t h ,lio00 li I r |1thi door lIi weas1tW 1n tlheo el, In truith, tihlllert was only deuiruto of flditlg Iotncthin; I : t ahout which he rnighot qiuarrel with ths jo Yes terner. Iw A" lovely woman," remnttled'lnamilton, it :cturning to his Beat and lighting a ul Saoilnr. - tI S" o--o ; ants color,' said the uncle. I " You will ti apt to recnonisn her feo Il whenl you oco it nga!n," said itl:crt, pOlailnI if over Ith genera'uo remark and nddressing the It Syolngcr oman, i llantilton starcd a moment and thou en t laughed. o "Whalt do you mean, air " demanded a 'liupcrI. r "Nothing at ll." 'n " ir,. I will not beo naowered thus t" d ensaid tItycrt, furioosly, forgetting, in his t atrange panssion, the latn of common e I ourteoy. ti S"omo;Davinahi inotrferere Winter, nok. iI a ing hie arm, * Unmilton hao neeuredly dtone n nothing to cull forth thin hunt; theor is a (I Smiuletnke; let nti forgot itnd ai friendly for d o anothor hour." Ii S "'Tush I. Oharles, let them have it out," i a said tho unle. - o "Not at all," raid IIomtlttn, good- I lhtmoredly. "M[r. D.tvlto ito ready to bo friends with mle, I ann sure." Ir ltupert, still strangely unliko himself, i ,ittitetcd a sulky nmont. "o "IHere is sonmethlin you will be interented in, genlletlen," said Winter, turning the sub. I 0 jent, and ho dieplayed a qua.it locket not l r with lcralds-tt:oname lo -pert had noticed I o. during the creeing ca oparllinmg it thel throat io of Aliceo llhder. " My willu handed thin to me, with Mis Esllrlelr'ns oncni to exhibhit It .Itji lilinturo within. It was left her ai n a egac hr, by ta iieole, and noot ninh a porltrait h of tihe unrortunato girl of whom you have heard so much this evening." It Whiu speakling Winter handled the orun 0, mient to the otticr anid they examined it in d tiiu. g "It lookh llike this girl hersell," said the . uncle. "It does etrono;ly reiemble her," replied of Wintrr, "yet it wants th,3 lirmnless of char t nocttr that lli? Alione shows. Hero in more ,o of cliquetry anld cltldisne?s." Itupert said nothing ; ie could havo gored t. on forever, it was no like Alice, but the t Westerner was waiting to take it. n flonhlto gazed a long time, but nased, irrolo. vantly : r " Winter, how did you chlanoo to purchase in this outal.ofh.way place? I had no idea, i. whoa I otarted with you, that you wore tak eo ing mo on fur out of tilo world. I thought d you probatbly lived in the village of y Aster." d " It was n whimn of my wife's," replied f, Winter. "Ara you acquainted with this 0, region, lHamilton 1" a "I one known little of the country about Sheire," replied .liamilton, after a me. ;r lunt. :r "Come, Winter," said Rupert, "are we not Sat last to I?cur this story to which so many to allusions have been made? This is the hoer Id for sclh a tale, and I begin to believo in it i, sine It have sen this face. I hops she will it Ihonor mo with a glimpse of her lovely features." o "r Which you will nassuredly rclognise," t said lHamilton, dryly, for lupert hl.d nagin in posseCsed himselO of thue libohet, nd was ru poring over the ministure. cr My friend nearly dropped the bauble, and at an nugry lush orossed .liaface. S" Tile resemblance1 l certainly striking," Id drOwled lnamiln, "bhotweon--" ,"ir," soid ltrupct, half-rising, "I insist upo1 n explantion of-" oy " I am wailing to tell you all I know of tile ot elry," interrupted \Yinter, ano if thie blter. of cation was not oing on, but, at thie nmo tilln, gerntly plls ing RIupert back into hiie o, neat. " First Ict- le 'l- ,jg.?n another log, In, lienoril, t . part concerning the ghoe'Tly n.,'Lhulibvo tvb`dI,. .......t.-.. , "You nnys?.yeop tltroughlt thapart, 'enid ld his tih-It. Id With apps?nt earolestneas he draw his noa oenir between IRoport and Ilamilto,, .and ommennc d h -arlationo, "id "TThe nlt roan lieouelner that lived," said Ile Winter, " was not remarkable in any par. n, tioular woy exncept for ll large family. eli ,p. had tllrc oo nd- Bseven daughters bornl to he him, and the young woman being more than I ordinarily fair, wero known throughout tihe no regio even aiot Ii Seven eliotcre,' so called in fk raeeronco-e to thueven bright ttloz in the d Pgleiades." " There are but six now," said the ohl unolae.. 0 "ThIn bright hand diminishelld still more rapidly," raid Winter. "The oldest, the Io. notther of lisa Allen, married and becameo almost diooulgeated with her family by going to dwell with her hulband in Engdand ; a fever Eoonurg that ravagd this region Is. vinited threea of tle remaininig riers, two of whom never rose front their beds again, the ?" one that reccvered being the lady of the nu mninture, and the youngest of the family. t Old Van ltRntllo ner was nonrly Crazed by.thie ruddln gap in his Ilrcoldao ircle, end the r; whole county mourned with him, for it in y not to be osuppoed that tho light from unoh a ounstollation had boon hidden, even it shininglfrono tble retired poet. With anxious I tenderness did the old man guard the threa ; daughtere yet remaiuinI, and the wholo lot family united in bestowing capecial Caro on ill thi yonngcst, lest the foyer might hrav left In, er fraioler than the rest. - t. "'lo ihad always boon thle avorite with her father, her anothor dying soon alter her to birth, and ebo budded into womuohood n, nid such fostelin,~ coar that the he broath of the summer wind wnas hardly known to her. Au the time at rolled on Van ltoensetloer graoe reconelled to bs. lis iorronw, and lot the silver voelar of his ya. sInt thIee girlscomfort hi. Grace, the lady to Ithooe plitsru wen hIava eeen, was on wilf(ll d and vpoll,,I no riil;lt have toeni expeotLd, but n her natutally ow'e and chilish dispiiantn, eev l ,di h,, r flriends to regard l:r i-li Ie lr crioiv wast i us aill riled oI?rlni. II r tmiily I'ru way iltfi e her ilway-i, udi ll , t rrlllll inl her tyl,.llly. tillefe , 1' C .ll il l }iii ye tIlhe t loijc t it all, hut tini cistetr I.tI-" l, ,(mbled esuh other ro clonely that otlin in l I t ,venit' i, fli h ll Iiit hey :t eir ol' here it(l l lo tie hc lrth, Van ,1l',na.,lnr:r, lau iln in thi iir "lid t, Ian' ly Il.'w ai their lcight florin Ivlltiid ipait hill inili lIier they oe thicu oflo n hi, I,1:t or living dvarlin ?o. r ,o '1'h~ Imoh lllla mt lUniu bheen I fool," raid y the Inciy i e , "'T'he eltrilking lorentulace. In inch fther ,t is te trail " Ih, f.,nily," maid \Vintur. " \',fin I i, l lC?aio linl Alice hIs not n?ltonped it, ulut ii to r, Ivnlllc: i? ii, may i ngilinu ily ?rt wtere ieti i. rulti'ng ii hi ?i ttoe ion thouse dayn-lififrn ii lir0oirn ancd oviti r ell thr hiEte.lir andl i hil all) p rIIndh hilyaiihti r that Ihiico eun-y ii h,)llll D llsl t in luU h v t col ltelnt ,i-Ic III?, iits i' i ir .'er, O i thiit i \in fier ihl liwn o?,ll ic 5ngtry for 11 to1 10] ill Or ei?tirii to ul a tlranto lrn +,entirneht aolhnt lettil hhn h. tio vo.litily int, hil dtit Oei hy lhtir hioteo - rt I Uh oluhn? parin hmlallh relld tlhe btl+lte of I the family, they could not but be glad in the co joyousness that overflowed in the bride to be; ol wilth a htanrt eminently formed for loving, thin new affection cnteemed also to deepen the th old, and lbb hung rabout thenl tll with a Ilh tlhouand carnoasca that doubly endleard sel her. The days inl which rl:o I ccnutd fairly h unablo to contain her hlappineo:0 wets thole toa in whichl aoh received the lctter front he:r Ith lover; ho was not ollen, if ever, able to vieit wi i?er, but Ilin miusives were regularly sent, tihe ceal printed, I suppose, with clasped handl, tit or a deer, or omuno Entch otheir faithful it device. or "At cattOh bridal indyartitcd; the aurly ith moerning was to bring theolu.tr; 0ie \0 ed Lt. ding dre00 was spread out in readinesol, th whito and glilteinng n on a Onowy bank, di every stitch in the Iloory having hutn ret by thie ?iters of thle bride. The early lhour hi pnctd and the bridegroom did not ourte; wi noon struck, and still he hod not arrived; tu tho wedding would not tr.lo place till 0En0. t down, and ucmlo occident light haveo made by him late; lbut as the nftllrnoon dlnoge el away with out thie nplearanieo t, the lo?tr, a vaogue furboditng trck tihe hcalto of the Io fanily. " Van lioiela.cr had oateld imself in hios el old choir-your n oct, colonel-and Iblb to into musoinis of t;hich hie ulenching hand o t nuod liery eye tluld ometoing ; tie two elder daughcters, neated near him, whispered ti togetlher, and cast nrxious lookn into v tli, front roomt, where G(race hung at the v window. It "'llt its drena her, Florence,' whispered tp Ethld, the sinter next the youn?tet. ' It will b divert hler mind and the gcblta will i oon to hero now. Weo will makeo the robing a loneo o p.oc ss, niod so tide her ltheo better over this t nellslones oioe le com en.' "'Let her olonel' interrupted old Vnl t llenseoclatr, loudly. 'I o lnot think to triukt It Ilher in those wretched gcw-g?owe now, if a ever.' l "IIis dugllhteri shrank into friglhtened silence, and a mooment later n measan;o w0a00 brought to the old gentleman. lie tore iI i open, rnd then dashecd it under hiO feet. 1 S "'furao him I" he exolainmed to a terrible I voice. ' Quick I slhut the door, and let 0s 0 1think how we an tOell that poor young thing r Sthat hn Is falseo to her I' " lie prccautions were too lnte; llia tone had been louder that he know; a loud shrik struck their oears, and ruhing into tlhe other I room, they saw tirace fall heavily to the floor." " Why didn't he come1" inquircd the I uncle, prosaically. " 'lie wrote," said Winter, " that a now I business opening called him distant for ano I inalculable timu; that it was imposciblo for v a n lady to cecompany him, and that as hIli I time of return was no uncertain, it would be I unwise to leave a J'oung bride behind wist- a fully awaitint himt. lto snid it would be i wrong, also, to Grnoe and her own family, anod added that he would not hold the girl i bound." e r "What daetardly coldncS I" clitd let- I I port. "An unexlpeted gate into fortuno wasn placed before hinm," said Winter," " and theo temptation proved too great." "V Well, well I" eaid the unole. " I supposO I Shoe ronroned thnt girls were no plenty as 1 a blackberrie in Jlly., and fotunnca no coarco e an cherries in Dce?ebher ; but givo him all I 1 the grace you may, he should have manraged not to break a young thing's heart. Did ho I Smalon his fortune '" " Inever heard," answcred Winter. " I t know nothing more about him, not even bin name; the family never melntioned him e again." " \l'hat a grim Lima they must have hado a onding bool the guests, feeding the wedding cake to the pigs noid burnin t he brido'n dreor," exclaimed Ithe uncle. y ,I do not know what became of the wed. Ilft nn it wanu, olreo\Ki'AcF_"boo tilo drmn obhamber, and qluito forgotten, while"' ii'of id Orace was coried to her room uncoucieuli. So far it iv an old story; ue oftenl read ln to no scn ceotdolcd on a f.?lo tLridcgroouo; but d Ohis euds differently frot any I ba\oa holt before. Grace lay in this insen.ible condli d tion until the next day at twilight, thcon ol .- woke and ahted naturally what time it was, Ia and when told,murmured that it was strangeo o that her lover wao 1no late. Florence, who u was with her, tried to ooltho helr to lecep, to but she was rontilene, and inislted upon get. u tlng tiup, ndil, as unal, b:ooked no restraint, to saying, ' It is time to drcef.' " She only partially drossed, however, Smnotiloniog away theo bluo house drits she wou in the habit of wearing, and looking ino a patiently around, helr ieterdid not know for e what ; but as Graoo was soont quieted, e Florcncowrapped a slohawl about htr sister y and left her hall dreaming in a great obairo 1 whilo eon went to tell the others of thei 0 Claange. I " She was detained a few moments, and on 0o her rnturn Green wan not in the room, nor 00 wnon ho to be found in tiee house. The poor r. girl, routing again, and with ilhe idea that a the twilight warned hilr to be dressed for her il bridal,. had found her wedding olothou and n arrayed herself in lthem oven to tbo veil and h to taking Ilthe bouquet which wa withering in it a voe. ThinB, with the thought struggling is tn her misty brain thlt nomelhing wan wrong owith lher lovet'a detly, she left the house, un e observed, to ceek for him, and was found, n near midnight, wandering in the damp I hilds. " The end can easily be told; the etposuro to brouglhtl oI a return of the eover from which r oho had suffeIrd ln her childhood, and tlis Stime on o waso lb victim." o "Theb victim of that scoundrol, you mean," interrupted Itupert. "A well told taile," exclaimed the uncle, a ",but no ghost." 0 "Iau comoing to it now," said \'inter; S" but you need not liatoul, of coulro." 0" I won'tr" Puid tlhe uncle, S" You an elcepo-" "oere are f00w l men," cuotinued elia , , " who, under uonitIblo times and conditioni I do notr btl00 ve in ghoit." t "I1 donl't," aid the Iunclet, who was still t anwlak. . " Theorn moe ornio ex.ptlino," o tput l ilithe Sltierator, "ohit the niajt?ily of men tlare lit i ttimesituin ,t d tI h th tLete of t uile FI , ,r. t r n tionl. ,'i'loOnl itly pIro lpleu y that ftller 'l OI o ',aio illinp ch, tr dlil, th youn r l aio itirol ( lthefllllamily vioull nolt remain hoi uoil. then p ooee w oo haunted by (ioe I 0.nc0 of Ilio) 1000, )0on0; blde itn Itr worddmio rot?.,. I I ceaomt votc' h fer toao ; ithe rothtr witht or w tov I Iranoi acted the lilI t toi e thli t I] lthire 0t0a too manoy etoo ac'iootiorto for / I t th ot t clon s, to hva hioe; obut it i, Paii t e thit otl Van lintue.rlnr, as hu oat evo ry I evntie: whi re the lit ne lal rIita nilol, woi uld i i lovir reti e Iloo l ei had r I(lr th ll ,i'litl lll 0 .ll11,ut 00ilt nil 0 i0ght llnoo, I vcullare,"h |i " I nitroe with ptot ; it io stranyu what / ,litllle ti o IOt s i0 li0pty ll'oio rlly niinds iitIveI'tL" I obholot I l 0la L ill oti I O Jilllhh lt noc I c tfhter/i U Il olh In Il0 l 0 l0'0 tit0 t io i ght cotohL er ei;ar. / loilrtt 1 nito no000itOt ; tU t onit W000lI ill r |1 t;o i p tlloice, ill o .rt.t S"l aI n no, m r' o rai( '?r.i titlo . Ihanu th II I 1 ' 0l00" l ahi W i 0IIer0 " hl t I no'nttif si tIlon llon lt lleltoio 0Ihi0 0 00ll0r0. tiher iii ol, llotl no ao ti' lil hllll , i t Ith otie illl n ii llhet l dO l nll l l ti t 01 a OIitt ty hitot ninotlol inh'hl 0111, nillh til t t rlilllih, anol waiti t. faobo intoII thIe ioioUitl l0l00r0 floro v0 Ihaot ll i rt l id o, lio; e, vl lr, i ol lld Flili h hlle laiuihht'ihl IO hll hlod'. It tioiio ttoeiot h l, n ioew nothit oo f ithi hab'i, lol hi t iot , ti d 0 0i0t0l 0i 0li it0 ll tin oirl i h ' i110 tl iini i f li000 - I i ,h oo oiooloo oo, t h i i ooo o 1 t o1 ho woett l I', n- I i li tI hl, it th o i 0 0 oltol tlolo l?,t', idollin iiont to hoot, o''o00; l 0,00i00 t?ilet d uito 0 0? ic . llit l 0 b0eat,0 nl00 0 it, h l 00 tll i000 iog the eiolih rll ild h0 il [ lbo intliO 0 t l ight i iI 0 treod to loiotltoo ,t hul lr lon , ito ho tIol lnoled ho hlied on e ho walk. 0100 aiid t 10o00 0 ltlinctly tlhy iotondoedotiol t oltao r noly caught thlo click of little boot lhctl and tba ow:o'p of nilkl." itoport, raining Ilia eyes at'thli poilnt, mot thoto of I.nlaillton fixod upon him, and Kne' r loot ha had hIard the rnle l ;ounde as him ,elt. For nn0me timo toaS1t coy fricnd had hatrd, thrlooch the lut Illhoog ol htio )avy cur. rathe, hta t, mirtlht loa.n L2ecu fooetetpa on I Ithe httlo balcony tbhat juttod lfromn the oide H windows. "Tioe looolorpa o0ltinucd for a long e time," Winter wra. saying ; " from the o sound n it 0ctllcd 0n it lthe pson war., wuolking I around and around the house. Each time they paused a longer time under the window ; baot the old oaon still slkpt on, and ant last lthe eounlcdr.Ctlcd too recode in it dill-.rat 0 dirc:cion." Rlup0ert rloatoe that now l.namiloon and o hiopel1ldistinctly heard a oooceiirn 0 con tho w indow from tho outlide; it ceanci nrnd re turned at inter vale, but peemed olter to toheir r strainllcd hearinp, ttllhough Winter, cll;;roscd by hie story,nnd the unctle, hall nd0ccp in I0lu t I olair , did not notice it. a '"Tlon guct.f couold endure inactlio n o r a lnluaor," said the ur conooocioo1: \ hotllor. "I0tshir' to (ho waidow, loi tflung up thIl 0 htade. 'l'here wan a I. rt moo1noool." " 'Tie the ivy tappiili," muttered Ilamil d ton, By the liOght ot the moon he could di d titiuoi he lhu Iccdinlg loun of a woman I Svonilhing 00ero00 the now ill n dreta c.ndt 0 veil nso whlito Ioo it, Inod leavingll no prints be hind her. Au le tood lo lmoot par lysed, ha d pelrceivd that Van V',nen.sler had colonoup It lorlind htIill, nlld av ooalatlchilg Iho loast minty :0 outlito .lr t Le Ilgorl o with onl expreeoion not u; ol fear,blot of g;riet and tendernooaa." n " irnock I" very phllilly ollw. Twwo-b.lo.l. A ipause, then, h lotlockl, knock, knock 1" . three timu', the eounld co:aunhlat dndenlecd Il by lthe curtainu, buit eortoinly oil the outside if of 0lth lower window panlit. W\inteor wina roused by it. d "What was that n" he demanded. o2 No one answecred him, u.t oVt ll the h.nock it ing; thllr wo dead olnceo--n ilnence, lltperlt ouyl!, i.vn mlore unconlolrtlblo thanl to the oounds. Who or wbiut wal on the bal Is cony, onrd whalt wa halppenitng in tho utill. sg nes ?T" " It was the wind, after all," said Winter, to finally, with a drop breath: but even al hel k polo there calne anothilr faint sound, what cr like they could not tell. to The uncle, who had been hall asleep, oplened his eyos, to "What in the matter with you, boya 1" he aid, licevishly. "For my part, I never v heard ouch a tiesuo of nonl-" in I , stoplped, for the window was thrown or viole1ltly open from Illo outside, and the cur in tain swept1 i w a as though!l by t!le cold wind b0 that tunlood in. And there, to the fearful t-. ye of lthe 0goup JuiJde, and against tilia 0o black back grounld of the lnight, appeared the y, hite form of a woman. The'll lmps flared rl in theo adden acocis of nir, and plainly Elowtcd a figaur clad in thu dteIe of a bride, th. though never brido wos seen as pale no elc. A veil of misty laca shaded hlcrlair and died an in thno snhadow, and her dreao wan lie tlihe bo 0now on the coping of the window ; but her face, the lace of Ithe minintucr, was whiter ao than either, and sternedu ltrly without life; no the head throon back, the eye elCoeod and co the beautiful, colorless lips hall open. HIrr oll oroallhalldu wcro olenohed on tloe wioldow edled tdo na it to hoop her from falling, and he siot awayd to and Ifo an if blown by tho wind. I 'o four men stnartd to thclr fket and is otood p0ell bound. Winter ascnled dlaedo; m the general was behind him, his hair on end ; and from llamilton, pale as th lady herseult, al brol;o a atlarp cry, ig "Grace f" heo Waid, 1 Graeo I Graco I u' (Grace " As for my friokd, after oneo eeond he d. cleared tllau pa0o betwen him and the o0n windoow at a bound, and lohad thIon forn of the SlUhstiti hisi arms. t0g. "lh tire. 7 fl- drvOho it io " hi oriel, no 0 i foio.0 0."00 c"t tliE ltllelr "exxclr.nied \Winter. "What i1 could eho be doin oout tlhere T" Ji. A qurtio.n thait ?Intllr t could answer no lla better than tilia oth:er, land hl was too budily ae, ellnglagd in rcEtoring bhi lovely bgho.t to a thinl:, t preclllI, ally further. llo had 1lo placed hlis burden in thle halir of her grand. cti, father, but still sopported her head on Ili ct. ohohlder, while hIl nlheld liher hands and int, pueod the air back froma I1er itmples; in deed, I blane l0ly e00rpiCeiOn that thel boy, in 'r, the conflusion of Ith momelnt, carril Iis rn. ovu otorativca still fulllrrlwhile that fair facolay 'or. Iotrocl toslrd him on his brcast, and for Winter and Ilnmilto toought frantically for wdo, wotr and sfirite. ter As for t:o uncle, after a careful eurvay of tir, the lady ,e ca00ln to a lhalf oonclueson that li he might be ~I1 Eloislr ; but Ihe cloned theo wiondow tlightly, ald saw that this time it on was thorouglloy lr:lrd. nor It waisomo tim0 beforo Miss Alice revived oar nullloiently to give an n count of her pre aet encef but when sho did the explanation oar wan simple enough. bIre. Winter and Ldith nd had lingered In her room0 until quita late, ,nd and alter they had loft, Alico, advancing :in to tile window, raw tIlat the moon was ria. ng ing with beautiful tfict over the anoowy hille. ag Tho better to enjoy it, aho flad thrown a Isao In- soatf over her head, and stellped upon the ad, smanll balcony upol whiochl her windowa op opened, no the library windows did uponl a similar balcony. t1he closed the wiudow ore bchind Ihr, lost lthe niglot air should chill 10 lher toom, and, whlln attlmpting to relnrn, is founood to her alarm that tloc window faelened with an old.fanhloned 0pring whenl olono:l, on anId could ouly be cpenel lfronm tl:o ill sidh,, lo, Her altuntion 0wan a IgloomIy one; tlhiru appeared to bie no relonIo fromti sipindingl the r; niglht on the balcony, unprotected flou: tlhe rolld, and with I:o comllpanion csave the thactl tluddcnlly, loowoevrr, she caultrrt tlhe linaircir of lighI t floooi theo litbrary in.II dovs, al0, lwhich o em..l netr Iown, nool orhe. o tw lthat Ih, tioe nlo dioon t v"o l tet o ltd. 'ti'O thoI ht eltruo l her talt i0 l he could ;,! lem her 100 n l uponi0 the lMio'llry hlaleo l y. , dleo onio.igi t b? let in throI l'hl the li lraro y womloolw. , 0ith. l' l aa I t .lii ll, r. an l, oredi0l0 1 t1iolty, Ohl it t hiatel e i oo nl ol.o lo I od thi' lobut i i00.1 ul nableol 0\. Ionaael t the oo aoo ti ha preion .r T10 y e0.r7 oeo..o0n00 ii0o 4'O:jo tol0 1 uo0000, II l o c?-lo lh n vt' of I Io'o l ,l lll.1, a tid li r 0 ltrcol;tlh a ollo l f00, t fo ilio hiltr llll tole c,,uhlt 0 b 'to rely oollul on fo o el,_li to t0ll0 0ii l0n Ito 100ll000. i FIor1 0 a lll00ent, Alie, d.aid, loho 111 t 0 ht I l') t loo o icnnlUiooIlloo i , then r o , o ino , R I ll; hired 0r all er towedar' d mI dei ao l ivt dtloo . plr, le nt i1 t?0l t toll li n 11ihe til h ,le i I. li i0llioe10li y pron.I'l ,n lllo ' ul, 0l I11o wi ndo w fl0( ,'tdl d soot.ly with I ollooll tinry holt, whilch h d aot [i( w no ll * I 11 )Il, e. (0 11 that Inoin ll th ot 'No wooth r ) olen o wed Ou00d a alho1," soaido .\lioe, wlth a 00lhit leoo lhlo, oo Pho tooook her 01 ooorahl I ',.',t oo 1 0000 thiolt o t ll 0171 0 00n'Od 0 t withdraw ;l " I i l0upl' 0 .' ll h000 loo1 4 hl10ar0. I0 inLr the 'tr 'yoo 0oy poor ln ot."' l 0 e 01rit tro I Iin o', nlll;l W iit r aio l Ih tl lior. i0 bwly. floioi' thlo n0 0al 0 its houoot looa oo Ilb r t 'ide 000r oil 0 0oole oi0. 00 wol the olhofoll , alo oths r ' ilol:h oior o .0 .ithin h,' on tllroboA I l. b!ootbo ' f " o \'eo " roo d Io iio rt . " ot 0000 0lig00h il, lillho oi ' 'lhooot l'h e no Ooooo;l., Vlo i o o 100. 0000 t loovi," ' ahl \ i ' "0 tl \loo o iotoollo td nloo it ti hhl''t iall o l ' 1 1..o,'o lol , ihr11 m+ t?i10. i. N0 .i0 0e e 1000000 0 0' t I ainiintoooo oi t, do o 1100 otilllo.o o it oiotil l ioo '0 IOoi', ool o 0'. " I wa00 0000 o lo t ao la t lol'lit, by o Ioio0. hit i0n0ii oro \ nn 11bl oio ll'olrnp o io d , ithdo hil l it . 0 ,I i ootl 11 I'oto has t1old mliy, bl n t tleloo hi 1 inoottr laot of thf (tory oohloh I p?i 0010, 