HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS. LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1542, the good ship "Mary Compton," of Bristol Eng land, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbor. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearfal shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing bad happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him band and foot and extinguished the light Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is..the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit? "You are beyond human aid." These woans were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say 'so'? No; for he might be wrong--and in any case he had no busines to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time In June, ISS0, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head 'whirled "and," she said, all objects seemed to go into a cloud?" She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she coaud not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says, "I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail- I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, I have mixed yon some medicine; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks,, then gave it up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, 'Ton are pasthunman aid' 'My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and .dil not know me. My skin was af a green and yellow color, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this timeAI commenced vomiting,, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds, (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stoplied the vomiting, and by degrees from day today I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle- Ihad got-over all my bad symptoms, and was fast gettingmy strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. "I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his chib, but I thank God Idid get it at last. and it cared me bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbors know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry.". (Signed). Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a ease of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had effected the nervous system. A few months" or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hoir for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup inad done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. ' ,-/ : i , I: 