A Pack of Cards. A simple Ecntencp. but do you know the kEawledgc this i.tila eentenca contains ? Listen, and I • ill tell you. Many yeaia ago, during the reign cf Charles VI., card-playing was Jicst introduced into France, and became so the rog5, and was carried to Euch an cx t:-nt that it was for a time prohibited, Sosiety was divided into four daises, called castes, and each of these cnsles represented by the lour different suita ol cards : First — bear is cr churchmen, from the French ciejr (heart), called ge/:s <?c ch/rur, cr choirmcn. Secrid— spades or p::ke heads, and represented the cobltB. Third—diamonds or iquara ttoa-B represented the workmen. Fouth — il^ba or clover le∨ indicated the pitisaniry. Nor is this ali, for daps not the aca remind you there j is on2 God. The Deuce —of tbe falhsr and Sin. The Tray—of the Father, Son and i Ghost. The l'^:/r—oi tha tourev3ngel | lista whopresched, Matthew, Mark,L ikeaud S John. Tit-: I-izv — of the (i-e wi^e viraina who i had their lamps trimmed. The Six—'• In | ' eis days the Lord nicdo the heaven and j j rarth.'' Slvcii —' On the Ssventh the f Ii.rd rested. The L'i^/it ~cf the tight I , rijhtecus persons who were saved when God ( 1 destroyed the world, Noah, l.ia wife, three E j Eons and their wivee, J'he Aim— sine leper were c'lesnsed by ourlnrd. There were ten. I Lui tine gava thanks. The 7ch -of theten i commandments handed down to Moses. ! The King—ot the craat King in Heaven. The Queen—of the Q jeen Saeba, o wiee woman, who visited K:nf» Solomon, and took with her fifty girls, and fifty boys, ail dressed in male attire for the King to tell which were boya and which were girls. K;b;j Solomon sent for water for them to wash, end as the girls washed lo the elbows and i the fcojs to the wrists, the Iving soon judged. | Coumisg the epote en a pack o! cards there ire 3'J5, as m-iny days .13 there are in a ye&r.; Ojuaiing tho nuxfcer of cards to a pick, there ore 52, equal to the Dumber of weeks in a year. There cr6 four suits—the number of weeks in a month ; sud last picture cards in a pack, representing 12 months in a year, and on counting ih? tricks, waisb are 13, the number cf weeke in a qt;aitcr, £b you 353 that simple sentence not only contains a history, but a bible almsnao and common prayer-book. 