? 50. si V J ' ' Indian War- Fight with Redskins. ' New York, X.nnary 3.— Acoording to reoenfc official reports, abont 11,669 mule. Indians. are iovolved in the rising at Pine Ridge, of (whom abont 6,600 aro adults on the Sloox reservation. Originally the land comprising the reservation stretched from the Missouri River oh the east to the Blaok Hills on the west, and from Nebraska oa the south almost to the town of Bismarok in North Dakota on the north. There' wera 22,010,043 aores in tbe traot. Of this terri tory, 11,000,000 aoreB were last year opened for settlcmint. At the time of signing the agree ment for the purpose there was mnoh opposi tion thereto manifested by some of the Indians, and the foundation for mnoh of the present trouble may ba traced to ooonrrences then. On Deoemher 29 Big Foot's band was dis covered 8 miles from Major Whiteside's camp on the Wounded Knee. " As tho military approached the hostiles formed in long lino of battle. Aa thoy oamo forward Big Foot extended bis hand in tuken of peaoe. " I am sick. My people here want peaoe and—" Mejor Whiteside cut him short with " I don't' want, nor will I have any parleying at all.: It is either an unconditional surrender or fight. What is yonr answer?" "Wo surrender," said tho ohief. " Ws would have an before, hut we oonld not find yon and oould not find any soldiers to whom to surrender. In less time then it takeB to write it the military had their prisoners aurronnded and a oourier was hastened into Pine Ridge agency for other fonr troopB of the 7th Cavalry and Lieutenant Taylor's saonts to help guard and disarm the party. There were 160 warriors all perfeotly armed and 260 eqnaws together with many children. Mejor Whiteside had 250 soldiers. Ab this task was about eompleted the Indians, surrounded by Companies K and B, began to move, and ail of a endden they threw their blankets to the gronnd, whipped np their rifi-s and btgan firing rapidly at the troops, not 20 feet away. The troopB were at a great dis advantage, fearing to shoot for fear of injuring iheir own comrades The Indiana— men, womon, and ehildren— then ran to the south, the battery firing rapidly as they ran. Soon the mounted troopB were after them, shooting them down on ev< ry hand. The engagement lasted fully an hour and a-half. To tbe south many took ref ago in a revile, from whioh it was difficnit to did- lcdge them. Tbe ki'led and wounded umengst the Indians were estimated at 300, the soldiers shooting them down wherever found. The field was one of great oonfusion. Horses were rnn ning in every direction aud the men for a few moments were frantio owing to the unfortunate way tbey were placed Captain Wallace, of K troop, was the only officer killed. In tbe first mad rush of Indiana thoeo of them who hid not guns attaoked the troopeiB with knives, olnba, and tomahawks, and Captain Wallaoe was struck down . with a blow from a hatohot on the head. Father Craft, tbe Oatholio mfraionary, reoeived a ballet wound, which will probably result fatally. Lieuteuant Garlinglon, of Arotio exploration fame, received a serious wound in the arm. A number of non commissioned offijers and privates were wounded, probably 26 or 30 in all. Several of these were likely to die. When the news of this fight reaohod the agency at fine Ridge paidemobium broke loose among tho 6,000 Indians gathered there, and a large number of them broke away. Borne of the friendly Indians, inolnding Olond, joined tho army forces under General Brooke. At Bundown fighting had began within throe miles of the agenoy buildings, and a determined effort was being made by tho rede to reach and burn tho agency. A village belonging to friendly Indians in plain sight of the agenoy was seen to go up in flames just before dark. Rashville was crowded with eortlera, the ohnrohes and all publio balls wore thrown open and no effort waa spared to make the refugees oomfortable. Chicago, January 4. — Last night was one of feverkh excitement at the agenoy. For the first time the eqnaw-men'and hall -breeds were alarmed and remained np all night, fetring an attack before morning. The agenoy, however, ia too well guarded to permit any very larga foroe to approach very olose without diasovery. General Milea has eent a letter to the hoatilcs asking for a hearing. The Indiana tore the letter to fragmenta, and said, " We want no treaty, we are here to fight." The Indiana in the hostile oamp number over 4,009 men, women, and children, and represent every agency in.the two Dakotaa. Denver, January 4. — The army of Indiana now surrounded by General Miles's soldiers on tba White Clay (keek number ovor 4,000 men, women and ehildren. Moat of them aro from the upper Dakota reservations. Hundreds of tbe orowd are orazed with ghost danoing and will fight as Big Fuot's men fought Shots wire fired by pickets at nearly every house last night, banishing sleip from aU eyes. Fire arrows were thrown into the agency about mid night frtm a ravine near by, but fortunately fell harmless. Half-breods and squaw men are leaving for the railroad, say ing they know what ia coming and don't propose to remain. This war will not he ended exoept by one of the bloodiest battles in the history of Indian war fare. Indians Attaok a Thain. Bt. Louis, January 6. — A speoiai from the camp near Wounded Knee Creek, S.D., gives the pnrt onlars of another engagement wMoh took plaeo at that point yeeterday morning. A detachment of 30 men was sent ont from tha oamp to meet a waggon train with supplies lot the camp, and when 10 miles ont the waggons wore found besieged by a band of 100 Indiana. On seeing the troops approaching the redskins eoattered, bnt immediately returned to the attack on finding the small number oE men in the detaohment. A courier was sent b iak to the oamp for reinforcements, but in the mean time en incessant firo waa kept np on both aides, resulting in the wounding of one soldier and the killing and wounding of several Indians, the exaot number of whioh oonld not be aeoertained, aa tho reds oarried their dying and wounded away. About three hoars after the eonrier'b departure troops were seen oom ing at fall gallop to the reeone. The Indians eoattered in all directions, and the waggon tiain was esoorted to the oamp in safety. An Ufbisino in Idabo. Boise City, January 7. — Advioes from Pooa- tollo state that tbe Indians on the Fort, Hill Reservation hsve been danoing, and 209 in war paint have taken to tba mountains with their arms, causing great exoitoment. Governor Wfllsy has been asked to order the militia to Fooatello, and probably a oompany of United States Cavalry at Boise Barracks will ba sent there. The Indiana on tho reserve number 1,200 or 1,600; more than half of whom are Bannaoke, who caused a prolonged war 12 years ago. General Bohofieid to-day reoeived a tele gram from Qoneral Miles, detailing tho otrenrn- stances of the killing yesterday of Lieutenant Edward W. Casey, of the 22nd Infantry, -by Indiana. Lieutenant Caaey waa ont with some of bia sconts watohing tho hostile oamp, and with one Cheyenne, met two Indl&nB;, an Oga- laila and a brulo. The Ogatalla warned Lieu tenant Casey that ihe Brutes were bad and wonld shoot. As Liontenant Caaey turned to go away the Brule fired, striking him in . the aok of tho head and killing Mm instantly.' . 