THE NOVELIST. THE WORLD'S DESIRE. By H. Rider Haggard and Andrew Lang. Helenam vera immortalem finest indieat tempos.— Servius. JEneid EL. 601. BOOK 11 ! CHAPTER V. THE CHAPEL PERILOUS. " Swift as a bird or a thought,'" says the old harper of the northern sea. The Wanderer's thoughts in the morning were swift as night birds, flying back and brooding over the things he had seen and the words he had heard in the Queen's chamber. Again he stood between this woman and the oath, which of all oaths was the worst to break. And, indeed, he was little tempted to break it, for though Meriamun was beautiful and wise, he feared her love; and he feared her magio arts no less than he feared her vengeance if she were scorned. Delay seemed the only course. Let him wait till the King returned and it would go hard but he found some pretext for leaving the city of the white walls, and seeking through new adventures the World's Desire. The mysterious river lay yonder; he would ascend the river of which so many tales were told. It flowed from the land of the blameless Ethiopians, the most just of men, at whose tables the very gods sat as guests. There, perchance, far up the sacred stream, in a land where no wrong ever came, there, if the fates permitted, he might find the golden Helen.. If the fates permitted, but all the adventure was of the fates who had shown him to Meria mun in a dream. _ He turned it long in his mind and found . little light. It seemed that as he had drifted through darkness across a blood-red sea to the shores of Khem, so he should wade through blood to that shore of fate wlrich the gods appointed. Yet after a while he shook sorrow from him, arose, bathed, anointedhimself, combed his dark locks and girded on his golden armour. For now he remembered that this was the day when the strange Hathor should stand upon the Pylon of the Temple, and call the people to her, and he was determined to look upon her, and if needs be do battle with that wliich guarded I her. _ J him, andt he poured'out wine to her and waited; ; he waited, but no answer came to his prayer, j Yet as he turned away it chanced that he saw his countenance in the wide golden cup whence he had poured, and it seemed to him that it had grown more fair, and lost the stamp of years; and that his face was smooth and young as the face of that Odysseus who, many weary yearsago, had sailed in the blackjships and looked back on the smoking ruins of windy Troy. In this he saw the hand of the goddess, and knew that if she might not be manifest in this land of strange gods, yet she was with him. And knowing this his heart grew light as the heart of a boy from whom sorrow is. yet a long way off, and who has not dreamed of death. Then he ate and drank, and when he had put from him the desire of food, he arose and girded on the sword," Kuryalus's gift; but the black bow he left in its case. Now he was ready and about to. set, forth when Bei the priest entered the chamber. . ' .'• Whither goegt thou, Eperitusl" asked Bei, the instructed priest, " and what is that hath , made thy" face so fair, as though many years had been lifted from thy book." '• Tis but sweet sleep, Bei," said the Wanderer. "Deeply I slept last night, and the weariness of my wanderings fell from me, and now I am as I was before I sailed across , the blood-red sea into the night." "Sell thou the secret of this sleep to the ladies "of Khem," answered the agsd priest, smiling, "and little shalt thou lack of wealth for all thy days." Thus he spake as though he believed the Wanderer, but in hiB heart he knew that the thing was of the gods. The Wanderer answered— J "I go uptotheTemple of the Hathor, forthou dost remember it is to-day that she stands upon the Pylon brow and calls the people to ner. Gomest thou also, Reil" " Nay, nay, I oome not, Eperitus. I am old indeed, but yet the blood creeps through these withered veins, and perchance if I came and looked the madness would seize me also, and I too should rush on to my slaying. There is a way in which a man may listen to the voice of the Hathor, and that is to have his eyes blindfolded as many do. But even then he will tear the bandage from his eyes and look and die with the others. Oh, go not up, < Eperitus, I pray thee go not up. See, now I love thee, I know not why, and am little minded to see thee dead—though perchance," he added, as though to himself, "it would be well for those I serve, if thou wast dead, thou Wanderer with the eyes of fate." "Have no fear, Bei," said the Wanderer, " as it is doomed so shall I die and not other wise. Never shall it be told," he added in his heart," that he who stoodin arms against Scylla, the horror of the lock, turned back from any fprm of fear or from any shape of love." , Then Rei wrupg liis bands and went nigh to weeping, for to him it seemed a pitiful thing that so goodly, a man and so great a hero' should'thu^ bo done to 'death. But. the. Wanderer passed out through the city, and, Bei went with him. for a certain distance. At length they came to the. toad set on either side with Sphinxes that leads from the outer* wall of brick to the garden of the Temple of Hathor, and down this road humed a' multitude of men of all races and of every age,. Here the prince was borne along in his litter, here the young noble travelled m his chariot. Here came the slave bespattered with the mud of the fields, here the cripple limped upon his crutches, and here was the blind man led by a hound. And with each man came women, the wife of the man, or his mother or his sisters, or she to whom he was vowed in marriage. Weeping they came and with soft words and clinging arms they strove to hold back him whom they loved. " Ob, my son! my son 1" cried a woman, "hearken to thy mother's voice. Go not up to look upon the Goddess, for if thou dost look then snalt thou die, and thou alone art left alive to me. Two brothem of thine I bore and behold both are dead, and wilt thou die also, and leave me who am old alone and desolate?. Be not mad, my son, thou art the dearest of all; ever have I loved thee and tended thee.; Come back, I pray, oome back." But - her son heard not and heeded not, pressing on toward the gates of the heart's desire. "Ob, my husband, my husband," cried another, young, of gentle birth, and fair, who bare a babe on hei left arm, and with the right clutched her lord's broidered robe. "Oh, my husband, have I not loved thee and been kind to thee, and wilt thou still go up to look upon the deadlv beauty of the Hathor? They say she wears the beauty of the dead. Lovest thou me not better than ber who died five years agone, Herisa the daughter of Bois, though thou didst love her first. See, here is thy babe, thy babe, and one week bom. -Even from my bed of pain I hare risen end followed after thee down these weary roads, and I affli liketo lose my life for it. Here is thy babe, let it plead with thee. Let me die if so ill < muBt be, but go not thou up to thy death. Ib is no goddess whom thou wilt see; but an evil spin t loosed from the underworld, and that shall be thy doom. Oh, if I please thee not take thou another wife and I will make her welcome, onl^ go not up to thy death." Sut the man fixed his eyes upon the pylon top heeding her not, and at length she sank upon the road, and there with the babs would have been trampled by the chariots, had nob ■ the Wanderer borne her to one side of the way. Now of all sights this was the most dreadful, for on every side came the prayers and )amen< tations of women, and still the multitude of men pressed on unheeding. "Now thou Beest the jiower of love, and how if a woman be but beautiful enough she may dragall men to ruin," said Rei the priest. "Yes," said the Wanderer, "a strange sight truly. Much blood hath this Hathor of thine upon her hands." " And yet thou wilt give her thine, Wan derer." " That I am not minded to do," he answered "yet will I look upon her face, so speak no more of it." Now they were come to the space before the bronze gates of the Pylon of the outer court, and there the multitude gathered to the number of many hundereds. Presently as they watched a priest came to the gates that same priest who had 6hown the Wanderer the bodies in the baths of bronze. Ho looked through the bars and cried aloud— '"Whosowould enter into the Court and look upon the holy Hathor let him draw nigh. -KnoW ye this, all men, the Hathor istohiin. who can win her. But if ye pass not, then shall he die and be buried within the Temple, noc ever shall he look upon the sun again. Of this are ye warned. Since the Hathor came again to Khem, of men seven hundred and three have gone up to win her, and of bodies seven hundred and two lie within the vaults; for o£ all these men Fnaraoh Meneptah alone hath, gone back living. Yet is there place fog more! Enter yo who who would look upon the Hathor!" Now there rose a mighty wailing from the women. They clung madly about the necks of those who were dear to them, nud some clung not in vain. For the hearts of many failed them at the last, and they shrank from entering in. But a few of those who had already looked upon the Hathor from afar, perchance a score in all, struck the women from them, and rushed up to the gates. " Surely thou wilt not enter in," quoth Rei, clinging to the arm of the Wanderer. "On turn thy back on death, and come back with me, I pray thee turn." "Nay," said the Wanderer, "I will go Then Rei the priest threw dust upon his head, wept aloud, and turned and fled; never stopping till he came to the palace where sab . Menamun the Queen. Now the prieBt unbarred a wicket in the gates of bronze, and one by one those who were stricken of the madness entered in. For alt of these had seen the Hathor many times from afar without the wall, and now they could no - more withstand their longing. And as they entered two other priests took them by the ' hand and bound their eyes with cloths, so thab : unless they willed it they might 'not see the glory of the Hathor, but only hear the sweet ness - of her voice. But two there were who-' would not be blindfolded, and of these one was-. that (man whose wife, had fainted by the way, and the other waB a man sightless from his youth. For although he might not seethe-' beauty of the goddess this man was made mad*' by the sweetness of her voice. How when all had entered in, salve the Wanderer, there was a stir in the crowd, and a man rushed up. He was travel-stained ; he had a black beard, black eyes, and a nose hooked like a vulture's beak. "Hold," be cries. "Hold! Shot not the gates! Night and day have I journeyed from the host of the Apura who fly into the wilderness. Night and day I have journeyed, leaving wife and flocks and children and the promise of the land, that that I may once more look upon the beauty of the Father. Shut not the gates!" " Pass in," said the priest, " pass in, so shall we be rid of one of those whom Khem nurtured up to rob her." He entered, then, as the priest was abont to bar the wicket the Wanderer strode forward, and bis golden armour clashed beneath the portal. " Wouldst thou indeed enter to thy doom, thou mighty lord," asked the priest, for he knew him well again. "Ay, I enter—but perchanoe not to my doom, answered the Wanderer. Then ho passed in and the brazen gate was shut behind him. Now the two priests came forward to bind, bis eyes; but this he would not endure. " Not bo," he said; " here am I come to see what may be seen 1" "Go to, thou madman, go to ! and die the death," they answered, and led all the men to the centre of the courtyard whence they might see the Pylon-top. Then the priests also covered up their eyes and cast themselves at length upon the ground ; so, for awhile they lay, and all was silence within and without the court, for they waited the coming of the Hathor. ~ The Wanderer glanced through the bars of bronze at the multitude gathered there. Silent they stood with upturned eyes, even the women. had ceased from weeping and stood in silenoe. He looked at those beside bim. Their ban daged faces were lifted, and tbey stared towards the Pylon top as though their vision pierced the cloths. Tne blind man, too, stared: upward, and his pale lips moved, but no sound came from them. Now, at the foot of the Pylon lay a little rim of shadow. Thinner ! and thinner it grew as the moments crept on. towards the perfect noon. Now there was bub a line, and now the line was gone; for the sun's red diso burned high in the blue heaven straight above the Pylon brow. Then suddenly and from far there came a faint sweet sound or singing, and at the first note of the sound & great sigh went up through the quiet air from all the multitude without. Those who were near the Wanderer sighed also, and their lips and fingers twitched, and be himself sighed, tbongh he knew not why. Nearer came the sweet sound of singing, and stronger it swelled, till presently those with out the Temple gate who were on higher ground caught sight of her who sang. Then a. hoarse roar went up from every throat, and madness took them. On they rushed, dashing themselves against the gates of bronze and the steep walls on either side, and madly beat upon them with their fists and brows, and climbed on each other's shoulders, gnawing at the bars with their teeth, crying to be let in. But the women threw their arms about them and screamed curses on her whose beauty brought all men to madness. So it went on for awhile till presently the Wanderer looked up and saw a shadow fall through the air till it oovered him like a veil. And lo! there, upon the Pylon's brow, stood the woman's self, and at her coming all men were once more Bilent. She was tall and straight, clad in clinging white, but on her breast there glowed a 'blood red ruby stone, fashioned like a star, and from it fell red drops that stained for one moment the whitouesa of Ler robes, and then the robe was white again. Her golden air was tossed this way and that, \- and shone in the sunlight; her arms and neck were bare, and she held one hand before her eyes as though to Iiide the brightness of lier beauty. For, indeed, she could not be called beautiful, but beauty itself. And thoy who had not loved saw in her that first lovo whom no inan lias ever won, and they who had loved saw that first love whom every man has lost. . And all about her rolled a glory, lite the glory of the dying day. Sweetly she sang a song of promise, ana her voice was the voice of eaoh man's desire, and the heartof the Wanderer thrilled in answer to it as thrills a harp smitten by a cunning hand, and thus ehe Bang Whom hast thou longed for most True lore of mine? Whom hast thou loved and lost, Lo, she ia thiue! She that another wed Breaks from her vow; She that hath long been dead. Wakes for thee now. Breams haunt the hapless bed, Ghosts haunt the night, Life crowns her living hand. Love and delight. Nay not a dream or ghost, Nay,bnt divine She thou hast loved and lost Waits to be thine! She ceased and a moan of desire went up from all who heard. Then the Wanderer saw that tboee beside him tore at the bandages about their brows, and tent them loose. Only the priests who lay upon ithe ground stirred not though they also . moaned. And now again she sang, still holding her hand before her face Ye that seek mo. ye that sue me. Ye that flock beneath my tower. Ye would win me, would undo me, I must perish in an hour. Dead before the lore that slew me, clasped the Bride and crushed the flower. Hear the word, and mark the warning, Beauty lives but in your sight; Beauty fades from all men's scorning In the -watches of the night; Beaut; wanes before the morning, and IiOves dies in hie delight. She ceased, and once more there was silence. Then suddenly she bent forward aorosa the Pylon brow (so far that it seemed that she must fall),, and stretching out her arms as though to clasp those beneath, showed all the glory of her loveliness. The Wanderer looked, then dropped his eyes as one who has seen the brightness of the noon day sun. In the darkness of his mind the world was lost, and he could think of nought ■ save the clamour of the people which fretted bis ears. They were all crying, and none were listening. " See! see!" shouted one. " Look at her hair ! it is dark as the raven's wing, and her eyes they are dark as night.' Oh, my love, oh, love of mine 1" " See 1 see 1" cried another;" were ever skies . so blue as those eyes of hers, was ever foam so white as those white arms." Even so she looked whom once I wed many summers gone." murmured a third, "even so when I first drew her veil. Her's was 1 that gentle smile, - breaking like ripples on the water; her's that curling hair; her's that childish grace." " Was ever woman so queenly made?" said a fourth. "Look now on the brow of pride, look bow on the deep dark eyes of storm, the arched Ilips and the imperial air. Ah, here indeed ib a goddess meet for worship." "Not so I see her," cried a fifth—that man who had come from the host of the Apura. "Pale she is and fair, tall indeed but delicately shaped, brown is her hair, and brown are her great eyes like the eyes of a stag, and ah, sadly she looked upon me, longing for my love." " My eyes are openedscreamed the blind man at the Wanderer's side. " My eyes are -opened and I see the Pylon tower and the splendid Bun. Love has touched me on she eyes, and they are opened. But lo! not one shape hath she, but many shapes. Oh, she is beauty's self, and no tongue may tell her glory. Let me diet let me die! for my eyes are opened. I have looked on beauty's self! I know what all the world journeys on to seek, and why we die, and what wo go to find in -death." 