The Doctors Shook Their Heads. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskdn, of No. 3, Poplar Sow Darley Abbey, near Derby, ia not so rich as many, being a gardener, but be was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is bis etory, and he shall tell it in hie own way. Mr. Gaskin. goes on to Bay—" Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hoar's work through sickness. In Decem ber, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Not tingham, my appetite fell away, I had dread ful pain after eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and dime, the latter bo thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest oaed to 'fill up' and my throat would swell co I cculdn t button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I bad a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was'in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends 6aid it was all op with me. - For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an in door recommendation to the Derbyshire In firmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said— * You are in a galloping con sumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my longs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. "Getting a trifle better, my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until De cember, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as mnch as a teacupful at once, and vsas afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm ■would choke me At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow and my eyes were blood shot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost) over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few horns at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was was always tired aad weary, and sitting or hpng was never at ease and got no real rest Too weak to read I often Bat for horns looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and wasso nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. "The doctor kept on attending me, but be said, '/can do you no good; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could bear of. One tiling was a cough cure from London that cost 225. a bottle. Bnt nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, * WeU, you won't cough much longer; you have merely to. 'prepare for another vxiiid.' "About the middle of March, 188% a neighbor named Joseph Tatbam, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said tome, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother SeigeCt Syrup F* and told me how be had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent mv wife to J)erby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoria-street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke* After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out'for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tefi every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have sever lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking SeigeTs Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr, Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22yeara and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which be suffered ? Not galloping consumption, cer tainly (at one of the doctors thought), or he irould have galloped into his grace in lias than three months instead of growing worse fox seven years. " TTih complaint was chronic in flammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastrio catarrh), which has long eymptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ipnorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily con gratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 331nz455332-46 In the report on the progress of St. Peter's Cathedral, which appeared in yesterday's issue, itwai stated wben referring to the inner doors that they will open inwards. It should have stated that the doors will open outwards. 