Welsh Notes. Hr. David Owes, M.A., writes i—i ,m yonr Mr. Editor, I, like many anotfom the Welsh readers, regretfully mA series of oolnmns of voar esteemed ioonrfrated frcm _ 11 Welflh Notes " which were /Countrytntga time to time by our taliAbene eai ie "Brython." Aa he baa VBoaihampton, sojourning with Jbii-ia>«^ont their hie Wel8hmML>o»o-are nomeople who greatly toriosraphor. And ae we/impalje hte ooma loathe to go unreoorde' ^ upon ma to step forward and to do, though in muohinferiqr-.aegree.lthe work whioh "Bry thon |i_wilh suoh. ability and enthusiasm, had done; ■ For - this Iottar I shall oonfine my re marks to the subjeotswbioh mainly fill a hatch of Welsh papers lately reoBived from home by Mr. B. Edwards, and whioh ho has kindly lent me for pernsal. The questions en grossing • the attention of Wales are still the old ones, namely, the disestablishment and higher education, bnt mainly, if in a more silent way! the question of higher eduoation* These shall form with me the subject of the present paper. In the next, I hope, if you'will allow me, to contribute soma words on' the movement.whioh is on foot sinoe the passing of the Aot, of 1889, for establishing intermediate schools ,to ;givo: secondary and teohnioal education., However, to make a beginning. It ooeura to me to make a few remarks on the oharaoter of the Welsh papers whioh e bef me on the table. '■ Thb Ybenaculab Pbbss. Mow as the Welsh language words 'whioh oan -express every phase of thought and feeling, so writers with the most diverse attainments, tastes, and opinions are able,'-through the medium of it, to makethemselves intelligible to all their country whether gtavaor gay, enjoy an equal advantage sb regards the Readiness of the Welsh public in'taking up all kinds of matter in the shape of print* If the lively oan com mand two columns of a paper to note the minntiee of football, orioket, and races, and to desoribe how honour- is lost and won among athletes, so oan the severe .ccmmand an equal space to publish homilies on the necessity of the young learning 'good manners,' forming a taste for readjng, reverenolng their elders, and get ting on; in the world. The great diversity of topioa- the Welsh writers handle is quite mar vellous,.... The topioa they touch upon are not thqse v. only whioh are foreign to Wales, , , hut are. those ' transpiring at home, in. the little, ooimtty itself. Min ing, _ farming, shipping, stocks, bazaars, lotteries, . schools, colleges, poetry, music, sports, ohnrohes, ohapels, temperanne,' all these no less than births, deaths, and marriages, medicines, form part and paroel of the nation's life, and are worked into oopy by the verneonlor journalists in such a way that.they form in teresting " reading to monoglot Oymry in the remotest coves and .'glens.. A list of. some of the topios, together with the noms deplume of the writers, would not be uninteresting. For Instance, the sohoolma'Bter.or someone sending an aeoount of a bonoert held by rustics and oolliers in a mining village would euhsoribe himself at the bottom of the list of singers and songs as " Onewho'waa.the're" (Unaoeddyno) a raw ' young radios], bnrning to arouse his ooantrymon to take up armB against England, and olaim7 Wales for the WelBh, would sign himself "The Ghost of Glendower" (Tsbryd Glyndwr) j a letter urging upon the young to be more frequent in their attendanoe at churoh would .bear: the signature "An Old Deacon" (To hen Flaenor); . A person writing of things In general, bnt of Wales in particular, is sure to sign himself "John Jones." Notes from the borderland of England and Wales usually erne from, filing Oila." ' Those writers who •ooupy.the firsthslf of their letters in craving the indulgence.of the editor sign themselves at the end ";A.Constant Header" (Datllenydd oysson)., A oase of the strong against the weak meets with an.7eager ohampion in "Fairplay" (Oh ware .Teg). -A oritioiem upon a eermon by some young preaober fresh from oollege, bnt whs, from too muoh theology or philosophy deals with fiotion ic stead of faots will turn ont to be written by ono demanding "More Light" (Bhagor o Oleunl). A reverend dissenter, who describes himself as writing from '1 The Eagle's Nest" (NythyrEryr), has contrived to make himself, a. peifeot terror. Every week in a leading'Welsh weekly he has been breathing threatening!) against the Church of England in Wales in' the most nnoivil manner, calling her each time' he turns round to address her "The Strange Woman" (Yr Estrones). Now, judging by the winged missives whioh drop from tho ."Eagle's Nest," and the olamorons1 activity of the tithepayera in the oonntry parts,Lit is evident that the end of the Established Ghnroh in Wales la daily drawing nearer. .Though the matter is a thing of oourse, the struggle in Wales for disestablishment is a severe strain npon' the integrity of the Welsh oharaoter. 'For it causes tho active energies of the nation to be need up in small bitternesses and wranglingB, and it makes the more intelli gent, who,;rathor than see violence and injus tice, would prefer to live and hope for the disestablished informal religion evolved by time, to fear that, the severanoe of the Ohureh and the State will oome all too soon, that in the harry and the wrenoh someone hot deserving it will suffer, .that the main object will miscarry, and that: "in ' plaoe of the evil removed there will follow some other evil mnoh greater. The tnrbnlenoe and din arising from time to time at the tithe sales make little for si solution of the diffionity one way or the other. Dis establishment will oomo, hut not aooording as the foes oftha ohureh desire, nor aooordlng as her friends.'fear. And the way of ita coming will, if pattenoa he need, be that whioh will five satisfaction to the greatest number. If, owever, the enemies of the oburoh are to have things in their own way, then farewell to the higher hopes oftha nation; and if her friends arc to have things in their way, again farewell. For plaln men and women at the Met, whether •f parson or of pastor, elthor will be an equal mis fortune.7 ; Bo, ft were well for the nation at large If the straggle be amply prolonged, and the ylotory lie neither with the chnrohnor with the eeots. It is no matter that the religion of the ebnroh, or the religion of dissent, fails to minister abundantly to the needs of the present SDeration. The good that the youth of Wales ye need of is being administered to them by Tbs Thrbk Gbbit Oollsoes at Aberystwyth, Cardiff, and Bangor. It is gratifying to see what infiuenee these new seonlar institutions are exercising over the Welsh youth. They have, without jarring on the prejudices of the less favoured minds of the principality, assumed,' in carrying on their york, an attitude of peifeot freedom and liberalism. Already hava some of the eoholara nurtured at their breasts shown that they can take up their work in life from the most ad vanoed modem standpoint. And the young men are fortnnate in posBessingi in addition to their aoademioal equipment, a safeguard against the pitfalls and uncertainties of many of the modem things in tho affection which still clings to them for the religious traditions of Wales daring the last oeotnry and a half. The callings whioh Welsh eoholara take up are similar to those whioh well educated Australians adopt. They take up, besides the professions of the law,. medicine, or the gOBpel (callings which always had some Welsh proficients), the professions of the architect, the engineer, the merohant, and the manufacturer. Formerly it was only the three regular pro fessions that they espoused, and even then it was only those who conld afford the expense of an education in England or at Oxford and Cambridge that succeeded in them. Bat at present the advantages of higher education have been brought to their very doors. And these colleges, to use a figure, furaiBh a hind of landing stage where homely yonths with ever so light a sorip, hailing from out-of-tha way corners, may take their diploma and thence launah themselves forth on the open free oarrents of their time. There is one item of news, in this oonneotion, which I ought to mention before concluding, it is the faot of the resignation by the Bev. Thames Charles Edwards, D.D., of the prin cipalahip of the oollege at Aberystwyth. He had been indnoed to take this important step by tire'pressure brought upon him to lake up the principalship of the college at Bala (Oalvinistio Methodist), in the room of his father,. the late Bev. Lewis Edwards, D.D. This prinoipalahip had been, in view o! the important changes whioh it was proposed to make there, vacant for some time. Itaaooept ance by the Bev. Thomas Charles Edwards was an encouragement to the trustees to re-organise the oollege on the broadest lineB While It was formerly opened for the training of Ministers among the Welsh Oalvinistio Methodists, it is I being opened now in this snsnth of September aa an exclusively Theological College, into i whioh alljwill be admitted, whether candidates for the minatry or laymen. ; 