The Cab-Driver's Story. By Mary Kylo Dahas. We all have ourups onddowna, I suppose. I have Iin:l. I know. Once I had not had s fare all day, nor, for the mattcrof that, tbo day before. Perhap3, having grown a little seedy, people picked out n Ppvuccr enhtnnn. Anyhow, thero I sat. disconsolate nnd wretched upon my cab floor, with my feet dandling out, not caring how soon the end or tno world came, tor, besides my low spirits, it was n drizzly, chilly, uncomfort- able evening, when I saws figure inside the park thnt put mo in miod of old times, and took mc hack to tho country placa where I was ' brought up, as a picture of it might, There was a girl there then called Lizelo Murray— a beauty, people said, with eyes ns black ns jet, hair just ono mass of ripples, nnd a cheek liken peach— a girl who was said to hnvo tho finest bust and smallest waist and foot of any girl about— a girl the fellows fell in love with in tho most sur prising way. I liked bcr myself, nnd she might have done what sho chose with me, and mon richer than I would havo been glad to marry bcr. «»u». eiiu iiiuugui oi vr.i'.tiitug mgucr iiibii being a working man's wife ; and when at last a fashionable young fellow, who Imd come down to the hotel with other fashion able people, began to cast admiring looks upon nor, she fancied, I suppose, there was do need of being civil to common folks nuy longer, so sho just cat as ail, nnd for a wbilo somo thought that young Benton really was going to marry her. no followed her wherever she went. He gave bcr splendid presents, and he seemed to worship tho very ground she trod upon. He kept it up nil summer long, and when he went away sho told bcr friends that bo was coming back at Christmas time to marry her. Sbo believed It when she said it, and no doubt ho told her so; but he never came near her again. Sho had been very proud of the match nho was going to make, and very fond of him, and she was terribly crushed down by his desertion. Aftor a while people began to whisper and talk nbout her, too, and pretty Boon the women of the place would have noihlnc to do with her. Sho lived with her brother and bis wife in a little white-framed houti' in the village, and a good many people u ill remember tho day tbey saw her leave that house— turned out of It in shame and dis grace— going with ber baby in hor arms to wards the road that led to the city. They had been as hard with her at homo as others were, and her sister- in-law would never hear her name again. And no ono knew what hod become other. Now thnt figure in the park, sitting on a bench (n all the rain, in its tawdry finery. with that strange look abont it yon can't de scribe, but which yoa never see In good women, pat me in mind of Lizzie Murrey. It was coarser and heavlor, and it was not a young girl' figure, but for all that it looked like her, nnd it looked too, llko a woman, who had seen terrible hardships, and maybe, had no homo to go to. I sat wondering whether it was all fancy or whether Llzzlo Murray bad really como to this, and yet looking out for fare all tho while, and hailing every man and woman who went past with 'k Have a ride, sir?" or " Have a ride, ma'am 1" when I saw coming across tho park, with a portmanteau in his band, a fine-locking gentleman, who looked as If he had just coraooff a journey. Ho looked like a faro tome You get to know 'cm at sight, and I got up and held tho door open, waiting for him. It was raining sharply, and raino was the only cab on the itrind, and I saw him hurry when he felt tho drops, But jnst then tha woman on tho bench sprang up and caught him by tbearm. I bow her faco then, and felt Bare it was Lizzie Murrar, and when he turned J t flashed into my mind In a moment that if ho bod lived ao long, that Mr. Benton, who had wronged her so, would have looked llko this. 1 60\jr that he was nervous about tbo meet ing, rind that ns he broke away eho followed him; and when, almost without n word, be stepped Into my cab, sho came closo and would havo spoken to him Again, but lic( cried out in an irritated voice : "If you havo anything to say,, step in. Don't attract tbo attention of everybody In tho street. Wc can talk as wo ride/' . And she stopped in, Tho look on her face as eho did so made roe think that whether sbo were Lizzie Murray or not, sbo was a very dangerous person " Wboro to?"Ifl9kcd, and he seemed to' ask a question, "To No. — — streofc, for this — this indy," ho tyiid. "Afterwards to No,— Madison Avenue, for me." Then he /raid harshly, for 2 hoard him plainly : " Come, say your say out I Yon haven't long to say it ip. "What do you want?— raonoy?" I heard hor laugh, and then I drove on. and tho rattling of tho wheels kept the voices from my ear, except- now and then when they wero raised a little. Night was coming on fast, and by the timo I reached the street he bad men tioned, it was quite dark and the rain pour- ing. l was wondering bow tho numbers rati, and had not found tho right ono yot, when J heard tbo woman- calling mo to stop, and when I did so, saw her jump out at orice and shut tbo door behind her. Tha genllemari never stirred ; but I did not wonder at that ; he was not likely to be very polite to euch a poor, creature, " Is this the number?" I said. 1 "No," she answered. "It's -far enough for mo though. The gentleman wants to go on to Madison Avenue." , Then I saw her by tho lisbt of tbo street lamps, as I turned my horse, walk away in an odd, hurried manner, her draggled dress dipping in tho pools of water on tho pave ment, her poor bonnot half off bor head, and all her handsomo hair dropped ' down ber back, as if tho combs or pins had fallen out. ''It's poor Lizzie Murray, certain,"! sold, and drove towards Madison Avenue. I felt oddly onough to think who had rid den in my . cab, and that noiihor of them know roe, It was anything but a pleasant feeling I had to my paeeengor, thinking as I did how- ho had brought Llzzlo to bo the poor crcatnro she was, and remembering her ! such a pretty, light hearted girl ; and whon I came to tho nrimber I felt so mortified that it was hardly in a civil voice that I called : " Hero you are, sir !" and waited for him' to got out of tho cab. But bo didn't stir. So, after calling again, I jumped from the box and opened tho door. My fare was lying against the opposite, window, as I thought, sound asleep. "Hello, sir!"I called. (t We're at No.—" He nover moved, 1 couldn't sco . his face, but I put out my in shake him ilffUkR. nnd felt htm .» cold ond still that I was frightened. When I lifted, him up be fell back hoavlly upon tho seat, and I felt sure something was the matter with him. It was a bad position for mo, I thought for a moment what I should do, and then ran up Ihn step's of tho great house opposite me and rarig tho bell. A sorvant opened it, and a child camo rnu- nlng out calling "Papa." 'That took my breath away, and tho sweet lady's face be. hiud in tho hall. " This Jb No,— ?" I said. " Yes," said tho man. "A pontlcmftn told roe to drivo him here. lie's in the cab— ill, I'm afraic," I Raid. , . And I saw tbo ladv turn paic, "It is not my busbanu, Mr. Benton?" sho cried. And I Bald.;, " If Mr. Itenton is your husband, uia'am, l.'m afraid if is/' . 1 Thi'ti tho servant camo down to tho cab witb roe. My fare wds lying whore I had left hire, his head against Uo side of the cab. Wo lifted him out ond took him up the raarblo ateps'lnto Ibo'grenl house. . The lady shrieked and the child cried ; ho uovontlrrcd. Thero was blood, all over bis vest, and Vhsn We unbiiltnnnl it wc found, that Bonn oimtp, RiurUl kind of weapon hud been ptuhgcil ihto his heart, it must hnvo killed him atoned, the doctors said. l.Uitnk so, too, for I heard no cry. I hnd to give raycvjdencc,of courao ; b'dt it was not worth ab much ns a bit of pnper the policeman found in tho cab— a lent of ono of those tracts tbo street missionaries give to folks who will take them ; a queer thing to writo su&h; wordion as were writ- ton there with a pencil. These wero tho words : "I have killed tho man who ruined mc- A«:u ycun» ago lie DJIgUlCil my HIO. i VO loi- lowed him to end his, wherever I met liim, nil that time. This is my first chance, I wns a good girl when ho camo between me nnd heaven. His fato bo on his own head. " Li/.xik Murray." It did not tell mo more than I know bo fore j but I kept nil shut to myself, nnd was glad they did not find tho wretched Woman until one day a body was washed ashore from the East River, and somo who knew tho fnue said it wns that ot Lizzie Murray, 1 drive my cab still, nnd I've had better luck of late, and am well off onough not to Bit brooding often as I did that evening, But I never drive it in theevenihg but that story comes back to me, and I feel glad when I see my fares get out alive and well, or if it Ib empty and 1 am driving back, now and then I'll fen! my blood cardio and be bnlf afraid to look behind me ; for if the ghost stories they tell wore true, who knows hut the spirits of the two I had for passengers onco might come back to tako a horriblo ride there, as bod spirits are said to come some- times. 