The Storyteller. My Romance. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER III. BY MOLLY BAWN. Next morning I made the acquaintance of Man the cook. Aileen and I had put on our cooking aprons with the intention of making sponge rolls, which Aileen was very fond of. We entered the kitchen with smiling faces. Nan had a scowl on hers. Aileen opened the battery by announcing what we had come down for. Nan answered snappishly, "I don't want cooking school misses here making a mess of everything for me to clean np!" "But Nan," I answered, "I have made sponge rolls hundreds of times at home, and I never made a mess of anything." " Now, Nan, do be nice 1" said Aileen eoax ingly, "we won't spoil anything. One would think we were going to commit murder, yon look to horrified." Nan turned as white as a ghost, and swayed about as if she were intoxicated, and she stared at poor Aileen with a frightened-looking face. Then, suddenly pulling herself together, she staggered across the kitchen to her room and slammed the door after her. Aileen looked at me in bewilderment, and said : •' I believe Nan must be out of her mind." *' Perhaps she did not like you to mention the word murder," I answered. The rolls were made, and at lunch were voted • success. About 6 in the afternoon Mr. Oorwin came home very tired and hungry. He bad been out mnoe 5 in the morning. We were all on the teranda when he dismounted. " Well, Corwin, have you captured the mur derer?" uncle called out. " No," replied Mr. Corwin, " but we have put a bullet or two into him, I fancy." 44 Oh, you cowardly men 1" I almost groaned. Mr. Corwin laughed. 44 Really, Mias Fenmore," he said, " you seem to take it seriously to heart. If the man won't give himself up, we have to make him do so." 44 You are worse than murderers," I cried. "Surely you did not hurt him seriously," asked my aunt anxiously. 14 Oh, no," said Mr. Corwin, " I think he is only slightly wounded. One of my men saw him sitting on a rock as he was riding down the west Bide of the mountain. When he was asked to surrender he took to his heels. Brodie fired and then followed him some distance, but lost sight of him in the thick scrub. My men are surrounding the place he is hiding in to-night, and at daylight he will be in our hands." 141 hope he won't," I said suddenly. Mr. Corwin opened his blue eyes as I said this, and stared at me in astonishment. Before dinner I went out to the stables to find Jocky, and discovered him seated as before on the three-legged stool and mending a bridle. "You want Jacky again, miss?" he asked abruptly as soon as he saw me. I told Jacky of the narrow escape Hal had that day. "Do you think, Jacky," I inquired, "that you could take me up to- night? He may be dying at this moment. All the police are surrounding the place where he is hiding to-night. It is going to be a dark and rainy night, though, and we may be able to pass them without being seen. Hal is an inno cent man, and it would be a dreadful thing if he died out in the lonely bush." 44 All right, I been go with you," replied Jacky. "My word, policeman been catch 'em ub ?" he added warningly. We were seated in the drawing-room after dinner. I was seated at a gipsy table looking at some photographs when Mr. Corwin entered the room and placed himself at my side. 44 Why have you deserted uncle and Tom, Mr. Corwin?" I asked. "Because," he replied, " I would rather be in here talking to you, Miss Fenmore." 441 feel flattered," I rejoined. "I thought men wouldn't miss their after-dinner smoke for anything." 441 think lam a little different; I would rather be Bitting here than on the veranda," he re sponded, looking earnestly at me. I felt too confused to look up, and was greatly relieved when unole entered and proposed a game of whist. I declined to play, and went to my room, where I put on an old dark uhter and an old hat. My room opened on the veranda, so I had no fear of the servants seeing me go out. As for the people in the drawing room, they would be there for another four hours, and by that time I would be home again. The Bky was black with gathering clouds. I could hardly see where I was walking, it was so dark. I found Jaoky waiting for me at the ap pointed plaoe. He led the way by a different road from the one I had followed the day before. We walked fast until we came to a rough scrubby place. Here we leit the road, and walked some distance through the sorub. Whenever Jaoky heard the slightest noise he stopped until he had satisfied himself as to the cause of it. When we got to the end of the scrub Jaoky made a sign to me to keep still, and pointed to a little clearing down below us. I peered into the darkness, but saw nothing. " Two fellow stay there," muttered Jacky. Just at that moment the clouds parted, and as the moon shone out for an instant I saw two troopers seated on a rook about a hundred yards below us. Jacky turned to me and whis pered, " You stay here. I come back by-m-by. You keep quiet." Jacky glided noiselessly back by the way we had come, and I listened to hear what he was going to do, bat heard no sound but the rustling of the leaves as some night bird flew from tree to tree, or the flapping of the wings of flying foxes overhead. Once an opossum dropped from a branch above, looked suspiciously at me for an instant, and then disappeared up a tree. Presently I heard one of the troopers say to the other, " What's that moving over there ?" The next instant I heard, "Stand in the Queen's name, or you are a dead man I" Two shots were fired, and then the noise of breaking of twigs and branches as if both had rushed down the mountain after some one. The next minute I felt tome one dutch me by the arm. I was on the point of screaming out, but Jacky, whom it was, whispered in my ear: "Come on, run, no make noise." He dragged me after him down to where I had seen the troopers, turned to the left, and after run ning along for some distance stopped at the base of a large rock. Pulling away some dead branches he forced me into a small opening in the rook. It was so low that I bad to stoop for some distance, and then the opening seemed to get wider and higher so that I could stand up. Jacky kept close to me all the time. Here he struck a match and lit a small lantern which he took out of his shirt. I couldn't see anything at first, but as my eyes got accustomed to the light I saw that we were in a small cave. Here lying on the ground, face upwards, was a man asleep or dead. Jacky gave me the lantern to hold while he bent over the man, whom as I drew nearer I recognised as Hal Winter. Jaoky took a flask of brandy from his shirt, and forced some between the bloodless lips. At first there was no sign of life, but after a little his lips began to move, and then he opened his eyes. Sitting up with a start he looked round in a dazed kind of way to see who was with him. "My word, Hal, close up gone!" said Jaoky. "Close up," answered Hal. "I have two bullets in my back which will do for me yet. How did you two get in here without being seen?" I told how Jaoky got the police out of the way. " That will put them on the alert," said Hal, " and you won't be able to get back again." " The night is very dark," I said, " and I have great faith in Jacky. He can do any thing." Jacky's eyes glistened with pleasure at this praise. Suddenly the thought came into my head to try and take Hal back with us. I proposed the plan to Jaoky, who shook bis head and said: " Suppose em policeman been catch us they been put Jaoky in lockup. Whereabout we been hide em, Hal?" "It's all very fine taking me back," said Hal, " but where will you hide me ?" This put a damper on my ardour; I had not thought about a hiding place. After thinking awhile of all the likely hiding places on the station, not one plaoe could I think of that would hide a man for half a day, much less for weeks. I was giving up the idea as hopeless, when I thought of a great hiding place of Tom's, when we used to play hide-and-seek when we were ohildren and I was up for the Christmas holidays. Tom's hiding place was a great mystery to us for a long time, until he took pity on us one day and showed it to us. 'A ceiling had been formed by putting some boards across the rafters of the barn, and empty bags were generally thrown up there till wanted. " Jacky," I asked, " do you think Hal could hide up in the ceiling of the barn? No one would think of looking for him there." Jacky's only answer was a shake of his head. "Well," I said, "we might as well try it. It is the only place we can hide him in. Do you think you could walk as far, Hal?" Hal thought he could if he walked slowly. Before we started Jacky went out to recon noitre, and came back with the news that no one was near. We got on slowly at first; every few minutes we would stop to listen, and sometimes Jacky went on in front. When we were emerging from the scrub into clearer ground, Jaoky made a sign to us to stand still and not move; his quick ears had hoard some one coming. The next minute we hoard the tramp of horses passing to the right of us. It was too dark to see anything a little distance off. We were moving on again when Jaoky, who was in front, warned us again. Presently we heard the tramp of another horse nearer us, and the rider pulled up within a fow yards of us. We stood together and hardly breathed, and fixed our fascinated gaze on the big dark object which was so near us, expecting every second to be discovered. How relieved and thankful we felt when we found the rider had only pulled up to light his pipe! We waited until he was well out of hearing before we moved on again. Jacky took us a roundabout way home. When we were about two "hundred yards from Hal's place of refuge I parted from the others. As I neared the house I heard Tom playing " The Last Rose of Summer" on his violin, and Aileen accompanying him on the piano. Everything in my room remained as I had left it. No one seemed to have entered during my absence. I was very soon undressed and in bed, where I quickly fell asleep. Cuaptbr IV. Next morning I was awakened by Aileen, who exclaimed, as she shook me, " Why Kitty, I believe yon would sleep till Doomsday 1 It's 8 o'clock. You haven't heard the news 1 Hal Winter has escaped!" " Yea, all right; I know," I said sleepily. "Ton know what?" Aileen asked. "Oh," I said, waking up suddenly; " what's up, Aileen?" " Why, Hal Winter has escaped, and Mr. Corwin is in a dreadful way about it. They discovered the cave he had been hiding in, but he wasn't in it. He must have escaped during the storm last night. They are scouring the country for him, and Mr. Corwin won't be home till late." While I was dressing auntie came in to tell me her troubles. It seemed that Nan had gone away suddenly in the night without giving any warning, and aunt hadn't any one to take her place. '• She might have given me notice," aunt said, looking at me with an aggrieved air. " Perhaps, auntie," I replied, " she may have gone to stay with some friends for the night, and will come back during the day." "Perhaps she has, my dear," said auntie. " She didn't take any of her clothes with her. Your uncle has just come in. I must tell him, and perhaps he will get me out of the diffi culty." Aunt nodded kindly to me, and went out to tell ancle. Three days passed, but Nan had not returned. Unole sent out men to seek for tidings of her, bat they travelled all round the country for miles to no purpose, and at last he put the matter into the hands of the police, who dragged the lagoons and waterholes, suspecting fool play, but all in vain. Jacky advised me not to try and see Hal during the next few weeks. He in formed me that the poor fellow was very weak and miserable, and that the bullets in his back gave him great trouble, but that he was able to take a little exercise at night. Jaoky had made a very comfortable bed for him out of bags and some of his own blankets. Mr. Corwin came back the third night, with the intelligence that no sign was seen or heard of Hal Winter for miles round. He had dis disappeared and left no trtee. He was sup posed to be hiding till the police had relaxed their vigilance, when he would most likely make for the coast. The police all over the colony, however, had a description of him, and he would be captured sooner or later. My heart sank when I hoard this; but as he was perfectly safe for a time I did not trouble myself too muoh about the future. The morning after Mr. Corwin came book I was down in the garden with a basket picking flowers for the breakfast table, when I glanced up and saw him coming down the garden path to meet me. "Good morning, Miss Fenmore," he said pleasantly, holding out his hand. "May I carry the basket for you?" " Certainly," I replied; " but I have not got it full yet." " I don't see any of those pretty red roses here that you had in your belt last night," he remarked. " Oh, they grow down near the gate," I said. "Do you like them ? Would you like one for your button-hole?" I asked shyly. " I should like one very much if you would pluok one for me," he replied. *' I led the way to the rose bush, and cutting off two roses arranged them with a few leave?, and he smilingly asked me to pin them into his coat. I felt myself blushing uncomfortably, and, taking a pin out of my sash, I pinned them in for him after a deal of trouble, as my fingers seemed to be all thumbs. " I must go now, Mr. Corwin," I said then. I have to arrange my flowers for the table." " Wait a little, please, Miss Fenmore," he replied, looking very earnestly into my face. "Kitty—may I call you Kitty?—l have ad mired and loved you since the first time I saw y v. Do you think you could like me well enough to marry me ?" I looked up at him in a confused kind of way, and felt myself getting cold and hot, but I could not get out one word. "You don't dislike me, do you, Kitty?" he asked in a pleading tone. "I can wait for years for you; but don't refuse me. I will never love again. You are my first and only love." "Ob, Mr. Corwin 1" I exclaimed, "I do like you very much. I never thought you cared for me. On, if you only knew" " You are not engaged to any one else?" he exclaimed, his voioe becoming suddenly harsh. " No, no," I said. " I will wait, Kitty dear," he replied, " for your answer. I don't want to press you too hard." I stood for awhile with my face hidden in my hands, too miserable to utter a single word. " Mr. Corwin," I said at last, " I will tell you in a week'B time why I can't marry you. I don't think you will have a high opinion of me when you know the reason." " I shall always have a high opinion of you, Kitty. I lovo you too much to think ill of you." As we walked back to the house I pulled my hat over my eyes, so that he could not see the tears which would come in spite of my efforts to keep them back. We were nearing the house when we heard some one walking very quickly behind us. We turned round and saw one of the troopers. "Well, Brodie, any news?" Mr. Corwin asked wearily. " Yes, Bir," replied the man. " The missing woman's body was found this morning floating in the dam. This letter was in her pocket." Mr. Corwin opened the letter and read aloud: It was I who shot Robert Brace. He was my husband, and deserted me twelve years ago. I went over that miserable day to ask him to support me, bub he refined. I was angry and shot him dead. Since then my lilo has been too miserable to live—— " Oh I" I exclaimed, " Hal Winter is not a murderer, then? I knew he was not guilty! Mr. Corwin, what I wanted to tell you was that I helped him to escape from the cave that dark night." "You—what? Well, Kitty, I will forgive you on one condition," he said, " and that is that you marry me." There was a double wedding in the little bush church two months afterwards. 