THE BOY WHO HELPS HIS MOTHER. As I mat down the street to-day ImwaBttlelad WfaOK face was jnst the kind of face To make a person glad. It ns *o plump and rosy -cheeked. And Migrf me »ith aefight. iBTfambQalyunik, White blithe as fataUurd'ti song His merry, mellow whistle rang TKn plnwytrft ftTTft *lonp '-Hi ! thkffi the kind of lad 1 Eke' I thought as I passed by; ' Xnoe bosy, cheering, whistling boys Make grand men by and bye.' And leaned acxos the fate, A plan that promised lots of fan And frolic to relate. ' The boys are waittnjr for us nmr, So bony up !'' he cried; My little whuder shook his head, And '-Can't come,' he replied. ' Cant come ? Why not, Td tike to know ? What landers V asked the other. ** Why, don't yoo see,' came the reply, ' I'm bass- helpuy motbert 9ws hrtstodoTaadflO I Eke To heh- her all I can ; So I've no time lor fan just now ' Stud this dear little '?' ' I Ske to hear von talk Kke that,1* ItoidtheEtdiUd; u Help mother all too can. and make Her kind heart %ht and riad.' It does me good to think of him. And know that there are others Who, Eke tins manly little boy. Take hold ''fl help their mothers. —Australian Journal. In this world man mmt either be anvil Or harrmw Don't tell people all you know the first time you meet them. Half of friendship is in cariosity. There is room for everybody in this big world ; friction comes from the fact that too many want the front room. ' I merely intended it for a sell,' said the prisoner. ' WeH,' said the Judge, ' if that's all, well call it a cell for six months.' It is seldom that a. man ever gets vise enough to know what to do with a large fortune. The man who never makes mistakes misses a good many splendid chances to learn some thing. -A. Divorce Court that could separate a man and his bad habits ought to find work to do all the year round. The grammar-school girl at the boarding house may be asked to parse the butter but not to analyse it. A man never thoroughly realizes the incon venience of a Bmall town nnril he has done something m**?!?. ' Do yoo play the banjo !' ' Not when there are any people around.' 'Why not!' 'They won't let me.' The coming woman will not marry until she is able to support a husband in the style she has been accustomed to at home. 'She has her father's eyes,' said Chappie admiringly. 'Yea,' sneered Miss .Teliae, ' and I suspect she is wearing her mother's The most grasping landlord ia said to live in Plymouth, and it is reported of him ' that he would squeeze the salt from a poor tenant's tears.' A Lancashire man has the namp of Stealing, and he hates it. Hie thought to soften matters a little for his only child, a daughter, so he gave her the Christian name of \\\ orth. ' Sea-sickness, ' says a modem wit, ' is like a belief in ghosts ; no one will admit that it troubles him, but every one has miseivines on the subject.' A circus never runs too long for the specta tors, but let a sermon run over forty minutes and. the congregation **«-» hardly manage to control their profanity. The yonng man who knows enough to leave early, bring candy for her brother, and make love to her parents, wDl not find the course of true love bo very rough. ' Bridget, I cannot allow you to receive your lover in the kitchen any longer.' ' It'* very kind of you ma'ain, bur he is almost too bashful to come into the parlour.' Rose— I think 111 say yes. It is better to marry a man you respect than one yon adore. Dolly — But it is so much easier to love men than to respect them. 