AMUSEMENTS. TFTR OP'R.R.A. On Saturday night the Theatre Jtloyal was fairly well rilled, when 'Un Ballc' was repeated in the presence of His Excellency the Oovurnnr and siiita. Thn cast was the same as on tho previous productions except that Signor Melossi took the part of Renato. Of course his splendid baritone added considerably so the success of the opera. Signora Guidotti and Signorina Mattioli were again rewarded by f reauenb marks of the warmest approval as were also the other urincipals. To- nipht 'La Sonnambula' will be pre sented. Tlie plot is generally — ^ '^.Z'YWn, Wt a snort outline itliy prove of assistance. In a Swis3 village their lived Amina andElyino. The former a poor but beautiful village maiden, the latter a rich, prosperous farmer. There was also the village innkeeper, one Mistress Liza, who had lost the love of El vino by reason of the transfer to Amina. Jealousy, of course, resulted. The village- had a ghost which nightly passed to a certain bedroom of the inn. In time Elvino and Amina were betrothed. On the day when the marriage contract was signed, that is, the one preceding the religious ceremony, there arrived the lord of the village, who had been absent for many years. lie was in the haunted bedroom conversing with Liza when the phantom appeared and entered the room. The lord undaunted con fronted it, and discovered that it was the village maiden, and at onco saw that she was a somnambulist. She passed on to the bed, upon which she laid down, whis pering Elvino'a name, and slept. The lord at once left the room, and Liza, who hidden, also discovered the identity of the phantom, saw her opportunity for revenge. She admitted the villagers, who found the poor girl sleeping on the Count's bed. Elvino was with them. Amina waking cried, 'Where am I,' Elvino thrusting her from him while the villagers told her of her suppo_sed crime. The next day the betrothal ring waa returned, and Elvino pro posed to Liza. In the evening as the chief persons in the story were sitting before the inn the lord appeared, and told the true story, but was disbelieved. During his recital the phantom appeared crossing over the old ruined bridge, the passage of which was ex tremely dangerous. Elvino at once saw his error, and would have rushed to the rescue of his first love, but was stopped by the lord. With horror it was seen that the bridge cracked, but did not brake, and the lamp was shaken from her grasp, yet carefully she still walked on proving that she was in a state of somnambulism. She spoke in her sleep of Llvino, and felt for the ring which hehad taken from her. This he then placed on her finger, and she awoke to find that the unjust accusations of her lover and the villagers were retracted, and she is once more united to the one she loved. The cast appears in our business columns. 