MISCELLANY. Tailors learn to labour and to wait. Highland Games.—Deer and grouse. Sport op the Waves.—The yachtsman. The Ghost op a Show.—An ancient play bill. A weathercock's'policy is always in vane. ! The Board of Health.—Three good meals a day. A marriage for money is generally a dollar ous affair. Time and tide wait for no man's three months note. Always forgive your enemies—especially those you can't whip. Some men me born great and grow smaller every day of their lives.. It Was the Ring.—He—" I never noticed that Miss Smith was left-handed before." She— " She never was—till die got engaged." Devotion. — Eisensten — " Vould I go through vire and vater for you, Rebecca?' " Vy for you 1 would even go through bankrupc.v." Little Wide-awake. — Mamma—" Oh, Pussy 1 you ought to be asleep." Pussy—" I can't go to sleep, manuua; my eyes won't button." "She seems a very clever woman." " Oh, she is 1 J hod an hour's conversation with her yesterday, and didnt have a chance to say a word." "He that takes a wife takes care," says Franklin; but Brown Bays that Franklin is wrong— " that he who takes care doesn't take a wife." "I see Jack and Mollie have made up again. Why was the engagement ever broken?' "They hod a quarrel aa to which loved the other the roost." " Wht didn't yez wear the blue silk dhress at the parrty lasht noight, Bridget?' "Sure an' oi wanted to, but the misses, bad cess to her! she wore it hersilf." Doubtful.—She — "Jack, how am I to know that you are telling the truth when you say you love me ?' He—"Why, all the rest of the girls believe me." Fond Father—"Children, if the clock struok 11, what time would it bet' Logical Louise— "Two o'clock, papa." Clever Charlie—"Time to get the clock fixed." A Mere Detail.—" What a delightful evening we've had!" "Ohanning! simply charm ing 1" "There's only one drawback that 1 can see." "What's that?" "The host's such a beastly cad." The Sterner Sex.—" Hullo,Gerty! You've got Fred's bat on, and his cover coat?' "Yes. Don't you like it?' " Well—it makes you look like a young nun, you know, and that's so effeminate!" Penelope—" There is one thing about us, Jack, that I like. We are sensible lovers. We don't use tnat idiotio baby talk." Jack—" No. And we never will, either, will weP* Penelope—" Nopey." Mr. Fussr—" For goodness' gracious' sake, Mori * " ' ' chit . over hereaad let him pull y him." Rev. Mb. Jumbled—" How is yo' son Jake gittin eiiong." Mr. Samson—"Fust rate; hes a circuit rider hut West." Jumbled—"Thet soj? Hain'tordatnated yit,is he?' Samson—"I dunno, but he rides two bosses bareback." Hostess—'11 Now, Mr. Barrows, I want you to nuke yourself perfectly at home." Mrs. Barrows— " Well, I hope he won*t»Mre. Hicks; it wouldn't be polite la tiim to swear at your cold coffee and ser vants." ; Feminine Amenities.—Ethel—" You jjlted hint and Clarissa—" I'm not sorry him." Protection.—Bella—111 must insist, Fred, that our engagement be kept quite secret, rrta— •' Whj*, my love> U It's known it will protect you from being pestered with other men's attentions.1' Bella— " Yes, I know; but I don't want to be protected." In Chicago.—Mrs. O'Zone—" Can't you get a move on that horfie, driver ? I'm afraid 111 be late for the wedding." Driver—" Niver moind, mum! Even if we miss the wedding we'll be sure to gic there iu toiine for the divoorce." Ax Appeal to the Court.—Jndge Coonby —" I'se sorry to commit yo\ Blockstone, but justice am blind." Blockstone—"Jedge, in die case she am cross-eyed. Doesn't, or dossent your Honah re membah dot I'se gibben yo' two ob der chickens I stole ?' Reuben Verde (of Oshkosh)—"Great Scott J What's that big noise?" Regular Guest—"That? It's only the gun that always goes off at sunset.*' Reuben Verde (decidedly)^-*' I'm goin' straight home wharthesun kin set easy without making such a racket." Trulv Conscientious.' Toyshopman— Beg pardon, miss, but here's your change, which you'd forgotten—onc-and-ninepencc!" Little Maid —"Oh, thank you very inuch! But we're not allowed to take money from anybody but grand papa !" Mose Scraumburg (to his son Jakey)— "How many vas twice two, Jakey V Jakey—"Tervice two ish six." " You vas wrong, Jakey. Six vas t< too much." " Don't I know dot,"/adder, already some times ago. But I choost said six so dot you could Chew me down to four." A boy five years old stood with his father in the door-yard looking at the tnoon and spoke of its brightness. " Yes," said his father, "ithas not been so bright for some time." "Papa," said the little fellow, " I guess God's washed the moon, hasn't He?' Frosty but Kindly.—Old Mrs. Yallerhy— " Thar now, Mose; lemnie smooth yo' necktie. 'Fore de Lawd, yo' looks mos* as young* as yo' did on de be day I fust met ye." Deacon Yallerby—" Doan' kittenish, Nancy; 'tain't becomin' to yoah years. Ef it's a new kaiiker'gound you're after, de money doan' need no washin' wif sot' soap 1" The Piano Nuisance.—" How are you getting on with the piano," asked Alphonso of his best beloved Matilda. " Oh, very well; I can see great progress in my work." " How isthat?" "Well, the family that lived next door moved away within a week after I began to practise. The next people stayed a month, the next 10 weeks, and the family there now have remained nearly six months." Lucy, three years old, was playing with a neighbour of her own age. All went smoothly until 6ome childish dispute arose, when Lucy, regarding her little friend, as the aggressor, slapped 'her sonndly. Lucy's grandmother reproved her for her rudeness and display of temper, but the child clinched the argument by saying — " Why, dan'mudder, dan' mudder, don't you know it does little dirls dood to whip 'em ?' They were sitting on a truck cart dis cussing points in coloured etiquette. "Youain" no cullud geinman," said one. " You's dis a plain com mon nigger." "Huh? Who say dat?* growled the other. " I does." " Whaffur ?' " Cause you hain' got no razxor 'bout yo' pusson, you hain'." " Has you!" inquired the other with eager curiosity, for getting his own insult. "'Deed I has." The other man got up. " Wha' you gwine ?" asked his com panion. "i»a's all right whar I'se gwine. Don' you worry trout whar I'se gwine. I'se gwine see dat police on de corner an' ax him ef he got mo' use for a cullud gemman, er fer a plain, common nigger. You dis wait tell I gits bock." But the " cullud gemman " didn't wait. A Poker Story.—During a recent conver sation with Charlie Coote, comedian of the " Xiobe " company, I asked him if lie ever played poker. "Ah, yes," he laughingly replied. " I remember one game at St. Paul. Robert Cotton and myself had just finished the production of a new play, and we were jubilant over the success of its first liight. We had adjourned to an hotel, where we met the leading man of the company, who, with several friends, were trying to get up a game of poker. Knowing us to be English men they suggested whist. After we had acquiesced they intimated that whist was rattier dry for that time of the evening. I observed a drawing down of the right eyelid of Mr. Lipinan when Cotton agreed to play a game of—what is the name they call it in America? Lipuian quickly said, * Poker.' 'What's that? I quietly asked. 'Poker,' said Cotton •Poker!' I replied. 'Why, they use that to poke fires with.! ' It's a game with cards,' cried Lipuian. ' Oh, yes,' I said, ' I remember. A funny man named Goodwin tried to teach it to me. I couldn't quite catch the idea then, because he was so funny.' ' It's such an easy game,' replied a man named Stanley. «Why, I'll teach it to you,' said Lipuian. ' We'll* play for nothing and you'll see that you'll want to play for something in less than no time.' By-and-by Cotton and self agreed that we had caught on to the idea of poker. It was mv deal. Cotton's ante and Lipman's first cry. All ran over their cards and said that they needed one more. I took three. Lipnian, with a face like a rarson, softly intimated that lie would riskasimoleon. stopped the game to ask what a situoleon meant. Stanley replied, ' Checks talk.' I saw lie meant a dollar by the sire of his pile. Cotton whistled •Good-by, Sweetheart, Good-liy,' and threw down bis hand. 1 assumed a troubled air, but still t could not 6ee Lipman win that pot without going him one better. Lipuian stared into vacancy, but lie raised nic two. I whistled -1 Three Little Maids from School' and put up five. Lipman said, ' I think you are bluffing.' Another argument as to the mean ing of the word 'bluff' and he raised me five. I raised him one. Then A1 Lipuian paused. In my anxiety, which I have since discovered is a great mistake, I pleaded to Lipman not to weaken. Said he, ' Charley, I do not wish to rob your poor wife of her dinner to-morrow,' and laid down a modest flush of diamonds, to which, as he was about to rake the pot up, I exclaimed, ' Don't; isn't four jacks better than a flush of diamonds ? ' Where did you get it? he gasped. 'Out of the pack,' I said. 'I thought you did not know hoiv to play.' • I don't.' ' Who taught you ? * Nat Goodwin.' ' Why didn't you say Nat when you said Goodwin in, the first instance? said Lipman, then burying his face in his hands he murmured, ' I must have known that you would hold that after Goodwin's teaching you ; he always held that hand when he dealt.'" 