THE DAY OF REST. HOW TO READ THE BIBLE. iur The Aucnmsiior oi> Caxtkrdurv.1 An address delivered at the Polytechnic Young Wen's Christian Institute, Itcgont-strect, on Suuday auvrami, February IS, I SO I. .Slightly abridged, " Holy men of uod spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost."—2 Peter 1.21. I want to speak to you upon the last words of the chapter that was read to you, though they are not exactly the words that St. Peter wrote, as those of you well know who look in your revised version. Xbe words are, '■Holymeu of God spake as they wore moved by the Holy Ghost." What it was that St Peter more exactly said we shall see presently, but the subject on which I want to sneak to you is how to acquaint yourselves with what they said; in short words, HOW TO HEAD THE IllULK. Apparently, a very simple subject, but I confess I think it a very difficult one. You busy men, you want to spend yonr minutes—your very minutes—to the best advantage, and when you have read half a chapter or a chapter, and do not see exactly how to bring it to bear, or what it has to do with you; what some narrative of Old Testament history, or even somethingin the New Testament, has to do with you, something apokenby such very far-oil people to others so very far away, the exercise begins to be felt first as an exercise, and then to be rather dry, and not entering into life. And I am afraid it is too true that by many who mean well the habit is given up. Now I really think that when the habit is even given up it is for not knowing how to read the Bible. I do not believe that any one who knows how to read the Bible could ever give it up. I know that they would find constant, increasing interest, and life, and power, and delight in it, and I do not believe tliat any one who knows liow to read it would ever ran into any danger of giving it up. So 1 am not going to speak to you at all this afternoon about Christian evidences, or evidences for the Bible, the proofs that it is the Word of God, the proofs that it is what it professes to be;bntjnstto say a very few simple words upon the system upon which to read it, and the main, prevailing, ruling thought with which to read it. That is what 1 mean by how to read the Bible—upon what system, and with wliat sort of thought. And I do not think it is necessary that I should say to any one single person here that they should open the Bible and should begin to read it with reverence, because whatever claims to reverence any great object of the past has the Bible has more. Now, I think the first hindrance to reading the Bible is that PE0PLT5 THINK IT IS A HOOK. " Book" is a real misnomer foi this which I hold in my hand. It is a library, and the word bible which we apply to it does not mean a single book, but it originally means books, a collection of books; and the old name for Bible was "The Library." Just consider—it must be a library. It is not a book. Think how it began to bo written, how the first part of it was written 1,500 years before Christ, how the last book written was, perhaps, written two or three years before the close of the first century. So it went 011 for above 1,000 years, and the books that are contained in this library, printed now in ho small a compass— these books wont on being written, dotted along a whole history extending for at least 1,000 years. But you have not got to the antiquity wheu you have said that. For they contain extracts and fragments of books infinitely older—we know not how much older—so much older that we have in it the very first portions of the very first books that ever were written by mankind. Now then, let me ask yon, Is there anybody who would go to a shelf of books in a library by so many different authors, extending over 1,000 years, and upon such different subjects, and in so many styles—tell me, whether anybody would think that the way to profit by that shelf of books was to pull down volume after volume, and read a few words in it, and think that every word that was in it and every Avoid that he read in any one of the volumes was calculated to do him good at that particular moment, and open his books and read and put them back again, not enquiring or kuowing anything about the authors, about the state of the avovM at the time they were written, about the people to whom they were addressed, about the localities in Avhich they were written, about the antiquities, the manners, and customs that were prevalent, about the laws under which the people lived'? You would say at once that that was futile, that was nob the way to use any shelf of books, that was not the way to make it available. But, dear friends, that is what most people do—at least, what a I'ery great number of people do with the Bible. It is not very laborious, IT IS NOT VICKY VOLUMINOUS, to have Avh&t; will entirely change sort of view as with a magician's wand, and make the books live and breathe to anybody. He must first possess himself of a chronological chart. He would have a slicot, a single sheet, m which all the events that are described would be just put in order, and all the authors'names mentioned m their pre per places. Then he would want a map; and in these days, of course, he would take every possible opportunity of looking at the endless photographs and endless drawings of the things that have come down to us. And best, he would get some small volume, very abundant now—say a volume of the Cambridge Bible—containing clear, distinct, learned, and yet most plainly expressed things within every one's grasp upon particular author, particular book, out of this great shelf of the statesmen, the apostles, and the prophets, which he wanted to read. And • giving but a little time every day, he would soon ! have a systematic kuowledgeof the outside of the | book that he wants to study, and if he does nob know the outside of it, it will be very difficult for him to get at the inside. Well, noAV then, this library as Ave say, grew, and St. Peter tells us in this venus bow it grew. He tells us much better in his own words-than our own common version tells us. He says that it was uot done by the Avill or purpose of man, bub that " holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." Now, I will give you exactly Avhat he says. First of all, he does not use the ivord "holy." Of course, they were holy men as a rule, hut it does not happen that in this place St. Peter uses the word. Instead of it, the original texts, when we came to study them in the earliest manu scripts, show us that there was another word in the text. Instead of the word "agioi," which means "holy," there was the word "apo" which means "from," and then the word "men" is put in the original in precisely the most emphatic place in which it could be placed. It is not put just before the verb, but it is put the last word in the scutence. So that what St. Peter really does tell us—and this is full of light upon the library—is this, that it was not done by the will of man, but that, being borne along by the Holy Spirit, THERE siwkj: from <jo», men. That is the word he lays stress on. lie lays stress upon the humanity of those hooks. They were meant for men, and therefore they were spoken by men—men illuminated, lifted up. This gives us at once the grandest footing for that which some people shrink from, and are afraid of, but what no real student, or thoughtful pupil, should be afraid ol—criticism. It says to you, take the books and examine every point of them. Look, compare, know all you can about the past, know what you can about the times, and then say for yourselves whether Isaiah was not speaking from God; say whether you think a Jew in his age spoke alone such words; say whether a nation was moulded and formed—the more you know about the outward human flesh and the time and state of things iu which they were written the more you will know that the men who spake were being moved, swept on, borne along by the Holy Spirit. Till* GREAT THING IS that you may be so too. The reason that they did this was that- the same Holy Spirit should move you along in heart, and life, and spirit. The same spirit that made tliem what they were, tliat made tbem speak as they did, should, by God's blessing, make you live, Here, in tbis very passage, what needs be afraid of criticism, when it is criticism that brings out the meaning of these words and the lessons of these words? And then, again, it is not only about the languAge, but it is upon. the characters of the people that we are to exercise our Christian jndgmentr—judgment illuminated by all that we can take in about the character from any source whatever. They are saints that are described; they are heroes that are described. But SAINTS AND HEROES ARE MEN still, and there are no saints yet. There has only lived one Being since the world began, there lias only lived one who was a universal model There was one person—some people are fond of taking up thephrase, there was a man after God's own heart— and they point to his great crime. Well, what a wooden way of looking at it. He was a man after God's own heart when that was said. He was a man after God's own heart in much of bis life. And when the man after God's own heart—when we read of him that his heart has lifted up, that he U drawn aside, tiiftt tie has an awful fall; well, it is Only God's wonLit is only the word written by men, moved by the Holy Spirit, that would tell you all ibout him. And now that you know all about him, judge him if you like, judge him as much as you will, judge him en the Scriptures, judge him, and when you nave judged 1dm you will not Cave judged him half so bftteny as he judged himself. Wb&t; you say or what you think about him will be nothing compared with the power that the 61st Psalm of repentance haa exercised over thousands upon thousands of sinners and penitents since his time. Vou sadly miss the lesson if it only appears to you that there is whiteness on the one side and blackness on the other. If I am conveying to you what I wish to convey it is this:—It is not that, every word as it stands is a word straight to you; hut it is a much finer thing, much grander, and, as regards you and your upward progress, it comes to exactly the same thing, only by a more glorious way. I ask yon, then, to use the simple means that are at your disposal to clothe with flesh and blood all that'you can read in this library about the past; that first of all you should loom what was said of them, what was said by them, and, then, wheu you have mastered that, say to yourself, Mow, in my different circumstances, WHAT IS THAT TO ME? My friends, you will not find that an uninterest ing business. It is a matter of proportion; it is what I may call a double rule of three. Such and such things were said to so and so, under such circumstances; now, then, to me in my circum stances what is the thing said ? That is.tlie answer to the double rule of three sum. A was said to B in C circumstances; now I am D, and under K cir cumstances, what does that analogy bring out as being said to me? All life is interpretation. If the Bible were con structed upon that other system, and not upon this system, it would be a perfectly isolated thing. It would not he a part of life, it would not be a part of hnraan life at all. And when it drops out of a man's life so that he does not want to read it, or that he does not go on reading it because he does not want to, though he feels he ought, it is because he does not know that it is part of his life, and to be dealt with like the whole life which God has given him. Aiul will anybody tell me tbat the things tiiat seem most remote from us have not A DAILY APPLICATION TO ES? Begin at the beginning—Noah building the ark. Is there nobody who has to go on; is there no car penter who has to go 011 day after day, hammering tor years aud years, and having nothing but ridicule of his high principles and his hopes, nothing but blasphemies poured into his ears? Job's patience— you are smitten aown wiui tttose awzui awuctzons, deprived of everything thatis dear. Then tbc more we walk in " ' " •* - ' readily may we walk in the steps of such a man. David's sorrow is spoken of. You do not live in a religious system which tells you that the noblest offering you could make is the offering of your eldest son to God upon an altar, and you are so devoted to God, and to what you have hitherto believed to be tlie highest and noblest tiling, that you take your dear lad two days' journey, and are ready to offer him up, only to be stopped by God himself. Of course, you think there is the old ritual of Syria being glorified and lifted up out of its baseness And barbarism into the full nobleness of Abraham. But we cannot leave that, can we, and not thiuk what ought to be our attitude and mind if it pleased God to take away a dear child? We cannot read that, can we, and try to translate it into the life 1 have described, without feeling, that in the midst of God's most terrible judgments, and oven punish ments, there is a mercy, and a love, and a tender ness, which is meant to bloom out in other souls thau ours, even though it docs not bloom out till we have passed into another world ? And when we have done this, and practised that a little while, we have got what 1 should like to call the point of view, wc have got THE POINT OF VIEW OF THE MULE; we have got how to look at its old histories. Yon know everything depends on the point of view. All that is perplexing and bewildering falls into its place if only you get the right point of view. Well, now we are come to one tiling, which is, I think, the principal one. The principal thing that carries conviction to the hearts that feel it to be the word of God; the principal thing, I think, for reflecting minds that have come to that conclusion for themselves, is this, that, though it went on being written age after age, and by people in such different positions and of euoh different characters, the point of view throughout is tbc same. Those men were moved, says fcit. Peter, by the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of God. They spoke from God. Thoy were not moved, that is to say, by the spirit of the world. Ho thinker can think that, for they gave up, many and many of them, all that the world holds dear just in order to be free to speak. And again, they were not moved by the spirit of fanaticism, for, as St. Paul says himself— his words, if there arc any words in the world that are so—his words are wonts of truth and soberness, and so again he says, "God has not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind." No, it is not tlie spirit of the world, neither is ft the spirit which is most opposite to the spirit of the world, the spirit of fanaticism; it is the .Spirit of God. Now I want just to leave off with this, that the same spirit wkicn taught them to speak WILL MOULD US TO LIVE, The same spirit which spoke in Isaiah—oh, what a heritage it is, what a nobility is ours—the same spirit that moved Isaiah to those utterances will help every one of us along the daily round of our letter writing, or our hard work, our correspondence, or our keeping of accounts, or whatever may be our ! task, down to the very humblest—the same spirit is Hut. mark you, this is the only library of which | you can say that the point of view is unchanged. i Look at tbe poet Homer. Why, there is not a single ■ point in which we look at society, though be traced . men aud women exactly as they are now, the point1 of view is not in any single respect the same as it is i now. What was the great Homer's opinion of God? i And look at ours. And consider that our idea of God is the same as you read backward and backward through all the library. And sin—there is no notion of sin in .those old writers, no, not even in the philosophers. Tbey talk of mistakes and wander ings, and things that will not lead you right. Hut the idea of sin as the great power which has posses sion of men—the only power to remove which is des cribed iu those hymns which you sang so heartily just before—that is an idea which you find nowhere else; the idea which von find in every soul of yours, and you find it from the very beginning of the library down to tbe end. And you see a^ain the perpetual strengthening of the snoral'view, just like the early sunlight, so tlie view of morality gets higher and higher as we read the Bible forwards, beginning at the beginning; so that tliiugs which were possible and allowable in the far past, when men's hearts were hardened, before the whole light of day shone upon them, they become to us impossible. The greatest advance of all, though perpetually on the same lines, is this: The wonderful advance from commandments to principles; the wonderful advance from the commandments, " Thou shalt not do this, thou shalt not do that: if you do, the penalty is is death," to the way which Jesus Christ speaks to us, and says our righteousness most exceed the righteousness of the Hcribes and Pharisees, because the life that lie deals with, the life to which be gives no commandments, but simply principles, which make the inner life, which, dear friends, is the only life. As soon as the library had reached that point, had brought home to mankind that the inner life was the only life, and that it is not by precepts we are to live, but by principles—then the library had' done its work. And we, who are only .beginning: it, we, age after age, are expected of God to see more and morn the truth, the perfectness of the Divine law written within, the power of attainment which is given to us, and the duty of forming in this world, the duty of being in this world, a society whose members—whatever else may he their allotted work—a society whose members have this before tliem all, to spread that power, to reflect that li&ht;, to live, in short, by the self- same spirit that bore along those men who spake to us from God, and yet were men. 