BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. It is n relief, an absolute pleasure, to turn occasionally from men to dogs. The men you can't always bet on, not that I approve of betting on dogs, or, in fact, betting on anything, but if I am to bot on either give me a dog before a man any time. The dog show and Savf.li Bernhardt have been the star attractions of the week, the interest in the rival attraction being 4 to 1 on the dogs as against 1 to 4 on Cleopatra. Not that | Cleopatra did not have quite as good houses as the dogs, for it cost more money to see her, but the great multitude was with the puggies, their fathers, and their mothers, and they certainly were in honester and more respectable company. It is a healthful sign after all, when the great public, and even that gilded portion of it, who have nothing to do but spend their money, turn aside for a day at least from meritricious actresses and questionable plays to the honest companionship of dogs and horses and flowers. As I pass through the long lines of splendid dogs of all classes and look into their honest faces, all the old love of my boyhood days conies back to me, for never had I a more lovable or a truer companion than Old Boxer. He was always ready for a frolic. The wag of his honest tail was an assurance of hearty welcome, and as ho jumped up, placing his great paws on either shoulder, no brother ever seemed nearer to me, and there was none whose death was more sincerely mourned. The show last week was ft splen did one. Thcro were dogs of all degrees. AVhen I say of all degrees don't understand me that there were any of those disreputable curs that live on free lunches and have no stated home ; they wero not allowed to come within a block of the garden. Every dog hero knew all about his grandfather and his grandmother, and moreover ho did not trust to his memory, but a distinguished as sociation of wealthy gentleman kept the history of his family in a magnificent book, and the book itself was kept in a mighty safe that cost five thousand dollars, and the safe was in a house that cost fifty thou sand, and a man was paid two thou sand fivo hundred dollars a year to take caro of the book, and that's the way they look out for dogs in New York. Women who have no children tako kindly to dogs and cats ; women who have never mado some unfortunate man happy by changing I their names love little dogs. Strangely enough, personal beauty does not seem to bo a prerequisite in a lady's dog, for some of the ugliest looking and evil tempore:! curs that I cv er set eyes 011 were the groatest favourites. The St. Bernards, Newfoundlands, mastiffs, Russian and Siberian bloodhounds com manded general admiration, though to my thinking there is no member of the dog family which siir'p'aCPPs in beauty and intelligence a fine setter. They vi'fcrs here in great variety, the Gordons easily leading fill the rest. But beauty after all is a matter of taste, rfs I dis covered when looking at some bull terriers. On the opposite side of the aisle from whero I stood two nice looking dogs got into a lively scrap. I turned round to see what was the matter when I heard a sudden snarl, a loud yelp, the quick clank of a chain, and a bull terrier's nose was within a few inches of my leg. His keeper caught him by the neck alid pulled him back with the remark, "Bless, your soul, sir, 'e won't 'urfc ye, w'y 'e wouldn't bite a fly, 'e wouldn't, haint'e a beauty." His mug was short, his ears were cropped, his teeth were shining1 white. He looked liko a Sixth Ward plug ugly, just out of the Penitentiary. He w»s a fighter by profession and took pride in it._ There wfis no sham or deception about him. He was just what he looked to be, and nothing else, and tough as he was ranked as a gentleman of his class. . It was a profound satisfaction to find the pugs which have been such favourites in years past relegated to their proper position. JPhey always were ugly little brutes—take either end of them. Their noses were always in the air as though they smelled something un pleasant, and their teeth were always on ex hibition as though they were ready to bito you, and it did not take much provocation to get them to give you a nip. Then if you took the other end their tail curled so hard that it threatened to lift their hind legs off the ground ; but their day is past". The Scotch collies enjoyed great favour, and jurtly too, for some of them were almost human. Dainty little aristocrats wero there in pretty cages lying on velvet cushions, and attended by maids in neat wliito caps who watched tlio little darlings with the solicitude of children. As I passed into the night and storm, ragged waifs, boys and girls swafmed around the doors. The electric lights illuminated their j tattered misery, making it stand out In bold relief in comparison with the blessed estate of the happy dogs within. It was an ugly con trast. Perhaps there is a reason for it some where. Who can give it 1 I can't. I wandered along down street ancl dropped into a hall where a party of Irishmen were talking about the celebration of St. Patrick's Day. They belonged to different factions of the Ancient Order of Hibernians which for several years past have almost created a riot in Brooklyn on St. Patrick's Day. As near as I could find out each party considers itself the only original Jacobs, and each claims the right to walk first in the procession, to wear three green fathers in his cocked hat, and to have his regalia covered with green ribbons and gold lace. Another serious difficulty ap 1 pears to be that a man from Donegal could not with any degree of propriety march behind a [ miih from Tipperary, and a Tip would sooner die tliari niarch behind a skipetheroo from Donegal. Every man had fight in his eye, I and for several years past the belligerent I Hibernians have had to be kept apart by the | police. The only condition on which Brooklyn will grant them permission to march at all is that they hold their processions in different parts of the city and afc different hours of tne day; This year we thought we were going to have peace,-arid that the United Hibernians were going to bouriC'e .the British lion, but the memories of the filio otild times at Donnybrook were strong upon them, ond the possibility of a nice little ruction on the natal day of Ireland's patron saint overruled the peace overtures, so that the two proces sions take place as usual. As I remarked Bernhardt has had full houses {ill the week. Yes, Cleopatra has drawn immensely, arid the people appeared to think that they had received their mohey's worth. One of the most appreciative persons in the theatre of her ability, is Miss Bern hardt herself. She knows a good thing when she sees it in the looking-glass. On her arrival here the other day she called on a distinguished French physician who is now making a specialty of Dr. Koch's consump ! tion cure, and asked him if he had seen Cleopatra. The doctor informed her that he had seen Miss Davenport. " Pardonez moi, Mons le Docteure. You have not seen Cleo patra, for you liavo not seen me." Modest wasn't it; but that's Sarah. What do I think of Cleopatra ? It is great of its kind but it is a bad kind. No such characterization ! has ever been witnessed on the American stage. No woman with any sense of decency left would ever tolerate such an exhibition in her house. It is the sensual outburst of a woman lost to shame and utterly depraved ; consumed by her own wicked passions and worthy of no more consideration than a wild ! beast. To a person with one spark of purity or virtuo left it ought to be shocking, but it [ isn't. Fine ladies applauded her every j night, and fine gentlemen loaded her with rarest and costliest flowei'3. And worse than all, a lot of ladies composing the Women's Exchange induced her to give a reading for their benefit, and these fine dames and their daughters clustered around the Frenchwoman of unsavory reputation as though she was some great benefactress of the human race. She came here for money, and she got it. Our society wants to know how bad women act in houses where they dare not go them* selves. Now they know. Good-bye, Sarah. She leaves for Boston this week. We wish you joy, Boston. Ta, ta ! Lester Wallack lias been dead several years, but to-day his ghost walks forth again in very disagreeable Style. When living he was " the glass of fashion and the mould of form." Though an actor and a very good one, he did not keep an actor's company un less they were away up,but he dearly loved a lord, and a duke or an earl was reverenced by him as much as they were by Billy Florence. Mr. Wallack was a successful manager and actor. The receipts of his theatres in seventeen years were over three millions of dollars, and the clear profits over thirteen hundred thousand. Yet Mr. Wallack died almost .1 bankrupt, a charity benefit saving him from absolute nnt before his death. A somewhat remarkable phase of the business was that while the manager and owner of the theatre grew poor the treasurer who had comparatively a small salary grew rich. This enterprising gentleman's name is Theodore Mos3, and he is now a member of our Subway Commission with a salary of five thousand dollars a year, a position which he got solely because he was a sort of relation of Mr. Wallack's. Arthur Wallack, the dead actor's 6on, wants an accounting, and wauts to know if the profits of his father's theatres were over a million and a quarter of dollars as shown by the books, who has the money. Wallack did not get it. Did Moss 1 Moss is rich. Wallack died poor. That's what the son wants to find out. It is said that women are a great deal better than we when they aro good, and a great doal worse when they are bad. Per haps that is so, but for first-class lying Brooklyn has had three cases in a short time that takes the cake, the bakery and the baker's wagon. About four weeks ago a young woman was seen in the City Hall wringing her hands. She said that she had just been robbed of a tin box that contained deeds to property worth a million of dollars, besides thousands in gold and jewels. The police reserves were turned out. They hunted for a week to no purpose. Meanwhile a com plaint had been lodged with the police of a female thief who had robbed her mistress of money and clothing. The description an swered that of the young romancer, and as she had her mistress's clothes on her back at the time of her arrest she was landed in the peni tentiary. Another was Miss Tillie Hain, an honest German girl. Her mistress went to the theatre last week, and when she returned she found Tillie on the floor bound hand and foot with a towel stuckin her mouth,thehouse turned up side down, and several hundred dollars gone out of her trunk. On being closely questioned she accused her brother-in-law of the robbery, who was arrested at once and locked up. The poor fellow narrowly escaped States prison" At last being cornered she confessed that she herself had committed the robbery, and showed the ofliccrs whero she had concealed the money. The last is a gill who set fire to her stole to get the insurance, and then accuscd her lover of the crime after confessing that she had ap plied the match herself. The plea of insanity alone can save her from States prison, but it may send her to a lunatic asylum for live years. Yours truly BROADBRIM. 