THE STORYTELLER. HOW TESSA. SOUGHT THE GATE OF HEAVEN. By Mark West. Chapter I, When the wind blew over the Dismal Swamp, most people would have shuddered, thinking it a very triste sound indeed. For the tall reeds and rushes that encroached on it on every Bide, leaving only a narrow strin of clear water in the middle, did so rustle and sigh before the breeze that the air seemed full of Btrange murmurs and weird imaginings. Among the reeds myriads of wildfowl had bnilt their nests year after year, and bred there secure; for Mr. Cresswell—owner of the air or seven thousand acres of the miniature station called after the swamp believed that "the soul of our grandam might haply inhabit a bird," and would not allow one of them to be disturbed on any pretext whatsoever. So swan and wild duck, native oompanion and crane, bittern, water hen, and diver dwelt there in peace and safety, and trumpeted, quacked, called, croaked, boomed,clanged, and whistled, each after his own wild way, and as the spirit moved him. There, too, the mopoke chanted by night amongst the timber, from out of which the curlew flitted restlessly like a ghost, and swept to and fro over the bosom of the water to the distant plain and back again, wailing and sobbing as it went, like a soul in tor ment On the iurther side of the swamp from the CresswellB' house was a little forest of gum saplings, backed by a low abrupt stringy-bark ridge through which the setting sun showed gloriously. The saplings, all bent slightly in one direction by the force of the prevailing wind, seemed to little Tessa Cresswell like draped and kneeling figures bowing for ever in reverence before some great invisible being, for whose appearing, she,sitting on the green bank between the swamp and the house, with Marshal Niel beside her, watched often with bated breath and earnest expectant eyes. Behind the house was a little cleared space, hemmed in on all sides but one by honey suckle trees. Looking from the house across this space about noon on Wednesdays, Tessa could see emerge from the honeysuckles on the left a gorgeous red-bodied coach drawn by four shining prancing horses; which- after a momentary delay spent by the driver in depositing an attenuated mail-bag on the top of a fat post—sped swiftly along the edge of the clearing, and, with much cracking of the long whip and jingling of gleaming harness, disappeared into the honeysuckles on the right. About once in two months, Mr. or Mrs. Cresswell arrested the driver in his rapid transit, and entrusted to him some trilling Commission,'in which seemed toconsist all the connection maintained by the Cresswells with the outer world. But the passing of the coach was always an event of interest to Tessa, who never ceased to admire the bravery of the driver in daring to plunge into the grey shadow of the honeysuckle belt, wherein dwelt" Bogle." " Don't you go into them honeysuckles, Tessa, or 'Bogie"11 have you as sure as life!" was Mrs. Cresswell's method-made easy of ensuring that Tessa should not be lost; a contingency highly probable it the chilli should wander into the monotonous intricacy of the honeysnckle scrub. Tessa sometimes wondered who or wnai this " Bogie" might be, who dwelt among the honeysuckles and into whose hands it ap peared desirable not to fall. She could not even picture him to herself; she did not know whether he rias man or animal, per haps a horrible compound of both, bhe avoided endounteringbim; she had no wish Uf fall, with her deaf cat, into lus clutches perhaps, he had as great a dislike to cats as Mrt Cresswell 1 But-she did not actively fear him ; her life, spent in so lonely a spot, among weird sights and mysterious sounds, was not such as to readily breed fear. Tessa was a slender little^ wan, and Jorge iliZMKI h'Mh DIVUUVt • , eyed maiden of six, the daughter of Mr., hut not of Mrs., Cresswell. She had been l^it a baby of three when her own mother died; shortly after which event Mr. Cresswell had, in a fit of combined abstraction and despera tion, married his housekeeper, who would have flung up her situation in that solitary spot If she had riot been offered a life partnership in it. So she married the owner of Dismal Swamp with an eye to business, only to find that not all her strenuous efforts to pnt'the drag on could prevent that business from steadily trotting downhill, hurried on the way by Mr. Cresswell's peculiar notions as it was. Mrs, Cresswell entertained but a very lukewarm Hking for her husband, whose Buddhistic opinions were as the veriest mid summer madness to her. " He is the crankiest fellow / ever set eyes on," she said to herself, having no one else to oonflde in. "He gives me the creeps sometimes with his talk about people's souls going into birds and animals. And he won t eat meat leet he[ahould be eating somebody! Disgusting I He makes me that sick some; times with suqh talk that I declare I don t know what I am eating myself 1 If Ai.v souj goes Into anythingaffer he dies, it won t ue f'li het my bottom Mrs. Cresswell did her duty oy — sa the feeding and clothing of her fragile tittle bridy was concerned—no further, khe did not understand the child; she privately" considered her "a khingle short," and was Almost afraid at times of her dreamy eyes, Motsfa! $le?^0nS' ^ familiar attendant, Marshal Nfel was a cat—a cat so large, 80 n8 to have inspired Mrs. s,° !,i, a sort of awed dislike. He ros^:11 1, amber eyes so steadily on that L .ly? fl\ eltfillv Ilia ironW ,ixQ„ u-heii she shrilly scolded liis rood «0I|j? P mistress for some childish hrl,Sling a« jfe fault, ,v er wrath-bottle, that Mrs. Cresswell f®Puc< Ifiines as if there were menace and j felt some1 j. look—that, m fact, she1 ^rSg tried. j»^ond «m ^^"hfti^onddgn punishment must Sari]y j?Jj°^j. s8weii and the child, and T' tU ciwbo migijt be the devil him that ^^tf^vonder I don't go mad with the self,its, 1" said Mrs. Cresswell to her yfSt of t'1 8ft ! self, .. Kiel was nothing more than Cot.March faithfu, fri?n3her con:! in 1 most faitlitui iriena; aer con-< !>'«f'fnmanion, whom she lov^Withall D» u*'-; nn on. wnoin one wiwi »n *•' '--Stc iiittnsity of ■> sensitive offeo *s. ata t?w jsyft i TpRSfl COUlfl 1 ~nnhll« nf nmuiMllplfwl ST that wondrouwreature of um»mllejed j Tiwnce who, with wise eyes fixed affec- j •ntclhJ5enC * 1 - wuiaion/4 (ill Vior i jntciligenu.1 . ^ received all her confi-, ,io . and heard ail her childish thoughts, j derces aiuiueu ^ ^ roninifutuig circumstances "roeW, .variant; that inseparable com jeemea t j -^e her at raeals, slept on Twofher!little bed. and stalked, beside !« as she wandered about outside, just Shin reach of her hand. He was her play I teher one, beloved fnend. «!.' Cresswell, her father, was a man of Hucntion who had seen better days; fAhohad drifted from Christianity towards Occultism, and all other isms jjaddliism, Occultism, _ favouring of mystery. He was possessed by (conviction that he had an unusually strong -i. mnrmafin notvop Y»i pill and great latent magnetic power. In Swaisnce he was a tall ungainly man, with a Jed beard and visionary eyes. He ftUoerfliie little dMghtMtoerow from W>vhood to childhood aff unheeded, while • - ■ • " ——:—1. —J oec rfs.u^M the prosecution of which he encountered u a stinging blow—with even a black eye I,/'occupied himself with weak and futile efforts to cultivate^ his supi>o^_powerj_in nanj a s^cn(jeavour;ng to guide his horse as be rode through the paddocks, by will l'iivver alone, and not by the vulgar medium of the bit; the horse, it would seem (ifninl ce prepense, ruthlessly choosing such directions as led liirn under the low-growing hunches of trees as being those most likely to recall his rider to the realities of life, with a remote possibility of scraping him off his lack in the process. From the lips of this mere shadow of a father fell, in Ins infrequent intercourse with liisfumilv. scraps of strange opinions, which tank deep into Tessa's thoughtful little mind, while they shocked and incensed Mis. Cresswell or awoke Iter scorn. Tessa evolved from these that birds and animals wore often human souls imprisoned in another form ; and that some day, if they wrens good as birds and animals could lie, the) might become people even ! She dis eased the matter in all its bearings, with Marshal Kiel, privately confiding to him that tit would much rather he the lmddest kind of bird tlmn Mrs. Cresswell, if it came to that she loved all wild things, and told her dear familiar all tiie life histories and private affairs of the water-liens, who, accustomed to iicr gentle presence, ran to and fro about her on the bank. She interpreted for him each of the many notes of the various tramp-dwellers; and wove a simple little romance almut the pair of native companions whose island-nest was just visible among the reeds. When she wanted to snatch a fearful joy, the told him in murmured tones of the mis doings tluit had caused the Bunyip to be im prisoned in his fearsome fonn in the lonely tramn: whence he, sometimes unable to bar the burden of bis punishment wholly in silence, would rise to the surface and utter the blood- curdling cry that maketh the ttontest-hearted man to turn cold. Tessa was sorry for the Bunyip; and privately cherished a hope that better days were in store for him. She could not contemplate the possibility of eternal punish ment ; no, the Bunyip would suffer until he was real(// sorry for lus wickedness, and then nod would restore him to his place—where ever that might be. In bogie, the dweller among the honey suckles, she took little interest; she wove no liistory aliout him—he seemed to be a pitiful fellow, lurking there to frighten little people. One day, however, she raised -her eyes and «u ■ »V?r a ^'vv moments she took to be Jiflc himself coming out of the honey suckles towards the house. 