" The Mystery of Allinton." (BT "PSYCHOLOGIST.") _ * . . . / ? T _T_ .1J "What, you do believe in ghosts! J act, ol boy, I am surprised at you. Yon don't mean ' t tell me that you have added another to the airead; large list of superstitions idiots. Ghosts, indeed Had there been such gentry, you wouldN ur doubtedly have been visited pretty frequent!, ere this. Why ? For the simple reason that .th spiritual tenants of the various corpses you hav dissected in your time would certainly have ap peared to settle accounts with you for the un skilful butchering practised upon their earthl; shells." The speaker-Tom Leslie-at this junotur found it convenient to duck his head as an over ripe peach whizzed through the air and smasher against the opposite wall. \< , " Fie upon you, Jack," exclaimed Tom ; ' " don' lose your temper. Remember the dignity.' sup posed to be vested in a medical man. Why, i poor Mrs. Everimaladie had witnessed that littl outburst of yours you would assuredly have los one of your most opulent and trusting patiente But pax, old chap, I am sure you must hav some valid reason for your remarks, as I knoi you are too steady for your ghosts to have takei shape through the medium of the punchbowl and if you will honor me with any particular in suppoit of your theory, I will prov an attentive listener. But, first of all I will trouble you for another cigar." Whilst Tom is lighting up let us get in a word o explanation as to the gentlemen themselves. Ii the first place they were college chums, and b; their fellow-students had been nicknamed "thi 'inséparables," in fact their friends learnt at las that it was of no use issuing invitations to om without including the other. Tom Leslie is i young barrister of about three and thirty, who i slowly but surely making himself a name at th bar, whilst Jack, or as we should style him, " Dr John Ainslie," is about the same age as Tom and has already built up for himself a lucrativi practice. I need say no more, as we are mon .particularly interested in what the docto; is about to recount, than in the gentlemei themselves. So we will at once return to, oui theme. You will remember, Tom, said the1 doctor that some 12 months ago I took a hard-earnec holiday, and paid a visit to one of my oh fishing haunts at Allinton, on the River Whit adder.. Well, after spending the first day ir settling myself and baggage and visiting one 01 two bid friends, I commenced my holiday in rea! earnest, and sallied down to the pretty river, yhicl was distant about a mile or so from my lodgings I gave myself up entirely to sport, for the rivei abounded with some of the finest trout that, evei rose to a fly. . One day as I was roaming along the river bank I made the acquaintance of an old gentleman oi interesting appearance, who had built himself a rude hut some 10 or 12 rods from the river side; and therein dwelt a veritable hermit. I entered into conversation with him, but he proved a reticent companion. However, I soon discovered that the old gentleman was himself a keen fisher man, being really the only hobby he indulged in, and I suppose this bond of union was the means of his eventually throwing aside his air of reserve and imparting to me certain details concerning his past. Gradually he became more communica tive, and I learnt that he had once been a busy and prosperous city man, happy in the enjoyment of the pleasure of everyday life, when trouble cast her heavy band upon him. To begin with, he had an only son-a youth of great promise who, at the age of 16, repaid his father's care and indulgence by running away to sea. This was a great blow in itself, but was not all, as th e. boy's mother, never a strong woman, collapsed entirely and died within a few months of a broken heart. Then it was that the poor afflicted man felt he could no longer pursue his ordinary avocation; and selling up his business and the whole of his property fled for repose to the spot where I found him. Although 10 years had elapsed without word from his son, he Btill cherished the hope that the boy would return, if only in time to close his father's eyes ; and, said he, " Did my son but know how my heart hungers for him, and the forgive ness that awaits him, he would not longer delay his return." He then in a very excited state pro ceeded to tell me that he had hidden away the bulk of his life's earnings for the benefit of that son who had Iproved so unworthy, and that the document revealing its whereabouts, together with a will in the boy's favor, were to be found upon him. Here I ventured to remonstrate with him upon the impropriety of mentioning this fact aloud in such a place, and involuntarily glanced around to satisfy myself that there had been ho third party within earshot. What was my astonishment to discover, not more than a dozen paces from where we stood, an individual of most unprepossessing appearance, who I had no doubt had heard every werd.to which the old man had given utterance, and was even then endeavoring to slink away unobserved. Without a moment's hesitation I dropped my rod and gave chase to the indi vidual, who, finding himself discovered eaves dropping, showed us a "clean pair of heels." Being fleeter of foot than I, he was enabled to elude capture. I was forced to acknowledge myself baffled, and made the best of my way back to the spot where I had left the old man. You may imagine I found him in a very per turbed state of mind; but, in spite of all my entreaties, I Could not induce him to leave his hut, for a time at least, and accompany me to safer quarters. However, as he and I met together every day for at least a week after thiB event, and nothing had transpired to excite further alarm, I made up my mind that my fears for the old man's safety were groundless, and dismissed the matter, from my thoughts. . About this'time bad weather Bet it, and I was kept a prisoner at my lodgings owing to the heavy rains and gales which for days rendered 'fishing impossible. One evening I felt far from well, and was sitting alone in my room endeavoring to pass away the time in reading ; but do what I would I could not settle my mind upon the novel before me. After several vain attempts I threw down the book and sat musing in my chair. Mechanically, my thoughts reverted to the old gentleman who had of late been my daily companion. I wondered how.he was faring in his poor tenement, which I was sadly afraid was sorry protection at such a time as this. By and-bye I retired to rest, and I suppose had slept but a couple of hours when I awoke with a start, feeling certain that somebody had passed a hand acrossmy face. I sprang outof bedinstantly, struck a light, and looked round the room, but no person could I see. The door was locked just as I had left it, and I was forced to believe that it was pure fancy on my part-no doubt I had had the nightmare. I blew out the light and returned tb my bed, when I instantly experienced a feeling that I was not alone. I strained my eyes into the darkness, and whilst doing sb theught I heard a moaning sound, apparently just outside my room. This sound gradually came nearer and nearer to my bedside, when sud denly a flash as of lightning lit up the room, and to my horror I beheld the old man standing before me, beckoning to me to follow him. Finding my voice at last, I accosted him, but received no reply. He still stood in the same attitude, only that now his beckoning became more frantic, and as I gazed I felt a thrill run through me from head to foot, and the figure seemed to gain a mesmeric power over me. Without really know ing what I did I slipped out of bed, and to my astonishment found that I was putting on my clothes as methodically as at any other time, finishing by unlocking the door and making my way out of the house. Still, under the influence that I cannot explain, 1 followed my guide, and presently noticed that he took the path I was in the habit of using when proceeding to the river. The wind howled and shrieked amongst the trees as we hurried on, but strange to say-I had now lost all the feelings of dread which had at first taken possession of me. I seemed to be acting entirely under instructions from a stronger will than my own. All at once I found myself alone. My guide had suddenly vanshed into air, leaving me puzzled in the extreme. I was now almost alongside the old man's hut, and whilst I was debiting as to whether I should seek to gain admittance, I heard footsteps behind me, and immediately a figure brushed past me that I fancied I had seen before-but where ? My memory refused to assist me. I hailed the man ; then, as he did not appear to have heard me, I called oat in a still louder voice. No response. The man appeared to be so intent upon some purpose or other that he neither seemed to hear or see anything around him, but went straight ahead, not stopping till he reached the hut. He then paused and knocked smartly at the little door. lt was shortly after wards opened by the old man, who stood on the threshold peering into the darkness, with a lantern raised above his head. What the two were saying as they stood there I could not make out for the noise the wind made through the trees, but presently the stranger followed my friend inside, and shortly afterwards I heard sounds of a struggle, then a wild shriek, followed by a heavy fall. Bushing to the door I tried to open it, but it was fast, and for some time resisted all my efforts to burst it open ; at last it yielded. I staggered forward into the room, and by thelight of the lantern which stood upon a rude table, I beheld a fearful spectacle, for there, at my feet, lay the old man, a corpse-with the blood streaming from a wound in his chest, and a knife buried in his throat-foully murdered, but by whom? As I stood gazing spellbound, the door leading into the only other room, that in which the old man used to sleep, opened, and a man came forth, bearing in one hand a heavy cudgel, and in the other a small packet of papers. One look at his face was enough -the mystery was solved. The man who stood before me was the same to whom I had given chase a fortnight previously, and the papers now in his possession, without doubt, contained the old man's secret. Alas ! My forebodings had proved only too true. The murderer recognised me instantly, and a most diabolical look over spread his countenance, as he strode towards me. Before I had time to seize any weapon in self defence, he was upon me and hissing out " I foiled you once, and now you lose the game," raised his arm to strike. The next instant he dealt me a frightful blow ©n the head, felling me to the floor, and I remembered nothing further. # # # * . # When I recovered consciousness I found myself lying in my own bed, feeling weak and dizzy and suffering great pain. Involuntarily I raised my hand to my head, which I discovered was en veloped in bandages. I cried aloud, and a female voice answered, enjoining me to keep perfectly quiet and on no account to attempt to ask any questions. Presently a glass was placed to my lips and I was ordered to' drink. Mechanically I obeyed, a sense of drowsiness supervened, and I fell into a deep sleep. When I again awoke I felt rather better, to find that a doctor was bending over me. My first words to him were, " Did you find the old gentleman ?" " Don't excite yourself, my poor fellow," said the doctor, "you have had a nasty accident, but I believe, with care, you will soon be yourself again." " Nasty accident !" I exclaimed, " I tell you it was no accident, the man intended to murder me as he did my poor friend." A look of blank bewilderment was his answer, and then, seeing his pitying glance, I remarked, " You believe I am raving, but I can assure you I am as sane as you are;" and I then recounted the strange adventures through which I had passed. "Nonsense," muttered the doctor. "Why, man alive, you have not left thiB room for a week." He then proceeded to tell me that late one evening my landlady had heard an unusual noise proceeding from my room, and after knocking at the door and receiving no reply entered, only to find that I had fallen heavily from the chair in which I had no doubt been asleep, and had struck my head against the fender, inflicting a ghastly wound, and, as a natural consequence, days of delirium had succeeded. Before the doctor left I had exacted from bim a promise that he would have search and inquiry made, but/his looks told me plainly that he attached no credence whatever to my story. Well ! after the lapse of about a week, 1 was con sidered sufficiently convalescent to be allowed my liberty, and then I learnt that a search party had proceeded to the old man's hut and found mat ters were as I had described. An iuquiry was held by the village coroner, and an open verdict returned, then my poor friend's decomposed re mains were accorded 'the rites of burial.: After this fishing was, of course, out of the question ; I packed up my traps and left for home-a sorry ending to such a promising holiday, f I endeavored to resumo practice, but .found I I could not settle down at all. Something within me told me my first duty was to bring the mur derer to justice, but how to set about it was quite another question. One evening, not long after my return, as I was sitting in my study, a stranger was ushered in to me. I begged him to be seated, and asked what I could do for him. " You are Dr. »Ainslie, are you not?"' he in quired. . ' ; . I answered in the affirmative.. V ' He then stated that he was Mr. Arthur Allen,; the son of the gentleman who had been murdered; at Allinton, and had lately returned to his ? native city, only to learn that his. mother was no more, and that his father had long left the place. After much; trouble he succeeded in tracing his whereabouts, but found he had arrived too late. From some of the villagers he gleaned particulars of my strange story, and at once set ont to find me. I gave the: poor sorrowing fellow a full recital, and assured him I would afford him every assistance in my: power in tracking the murderer. At this point he rose to leave ; but as he turned! towards the door, started violently, exclaiming in horrified accents-;" Great heavens, look there/ my poor father." ? < Before us stood the spectral form of the old' man, regarding his son with a wistful and yearn-) ing look that was pitiful to behold. , I " Father ! Eather ! speak to me," sobbed out: the poor young man, "say what you wish me to do." Then in slow and mournful accents the spectre spoke-~" Arthur, my beloved son, rest not, I pray thee, till thou hast brought to retribution thy father's assassin. There stands one who shall direct thee in thy search; leave him not." As suddenly as it had appeared the figure vanished, and we were alone. The young,man fainted at my feet, and it was some time before I could restore consciousness, after which I had a bed prepared for him, and he became my guest. For the next day or two we did little else than talk about the strange visita-, tion, and discussed divers plans in reference to our projected search. One evening, as we were sitting smoking on the, verandah in front of the house, a peculiar sensa tion stole over nie. I at once understood its meaning, and turning to my companion said, "Mr. Allen, I have a presentiment that some unseen power is again at work within me, what ever I do, wherever I go, bear me company." Immediately my identity eeemed to forsake me, I was once more a mere tool, the means to an end. \ ' Re-entering the house, I packed my valise and started out into, the night. Where I proceeded, what routeT took, I knew not; and after travel ling for what seemed an age, I found myself in the interior of a gambling saloon in the south of France. One glance around the room was suffi cient. I understood my mission at once, for there, seated at one of the tables, was the mur derer. Stepping up to him, I placed my hand upon his shoulder, exclaiming " Vile assassin, at last I have found you!" His face assumed an ashen hue, but only for an instant, as forgetful of his surroundings he sprang to his feet, and with a frightful oath ejaculated "What, again? , I thought T had clewed you up for ever, along with that damned old miser; but you shan't escape me now !" and saying this, he rushed at me with knife uplifted. Before it could descend a shot was fired from behind me, and the ruffian fell at my feet. This broke the spell. "What is this ? Where am I?" I exclaimed as I regained my natural state and self-control and found myself standing in the midst of an excited throng. The mystery was soon explained-the man who had fired the shot was none other than Arthur Allen, who had, true to his father's command, followed me in my wanderings, taking with him two English de tective officers whose services he engaged directly he had seen my preparations for departure.' . # . # # # * The rest is' soon told. The murderer was not brought to the gallows, as the wound, he re ceived terminated fatally.. But before his death he made a full confession of his crime, and restored to young Allen the remnant of his father's fortune, now only some ¿5000 or ¿86000, the bulk having been squandered at the gaming tables. Tom ! my story is ended, and I trust I have not bored you with its details. Should you be still inclined to ridicule my theory Iwouldaskyour explanation of the following points : How did it happen that I was at the lonely hut on that awful night a witness to the terrible crime ? The doctor swore that I had not left my lodgings, being in capacitated by my accident from doing so. Yon can't tell me ? My answer is My form may have been at home, but I was at the hut. Then, again, why did the murderer assert that he thought he had Blain me along with the old man. He saw me before him as he struck me down. No, the spirit of the old man found in me a perfect 'medium, and used me a3 it would not even appearing to the son till he was in my presence. .', . .. , , Am I a believer in ghosts ? Most emphatically I answer " Yes." This is no laughing matter," Baid the.author when the editor handed him back his jokes. 