THE CASE OF SIDNEY CRAKE. NCIDENTALLY, we ventured the I opinion, on Wedneday morning last, that the time had arrived "when a grateful country might with profit to itself, pension off the legal luminary who during the past few daye has been presiding in the Iooal Court of Quarter Sessions and the local District Court. We refer to Judge MCFABLAND. And again venturing the eame opinion, we will now add that we think we shall be able to show features in connection with one case disposed of at the Quarter Sessions (we omit reference to the startling summing up in the Richmond " maliciously wounding" matter) that will prevent the majority of our readers from being inclined to differ from us. It need hardly be said we refer to the sentence of twelve months' imprisonment imposed upon SYDNEY CE&ITC.; We will go so far as to say that the prosecutor himself—who, to his credit be it said, eame forward in open Court to try at the last minute to obtain all the consideration possible for the convicted lad—is of opinion with us, and with hundreds of others, that the sentence imposed by the Judge was ill-considered and cruel, and in that respect veiy much like a disgrace to our civilized community. Twelve months' imprisonment with hard labour may mean a fitting punishment for a man of the criminal type, fonnd guilty of wilfully inflicting grievous bodily harm; but in CEASE'S case there are a number of considerations tending to render impossible any such view of the unpleasant affair in which he WBB involved—and in connection with which he committed an act bringing him under the arm of the law. In the first place, on the showing of the Judge (in his Honor's summing up); in tile, finding of the jury ; and, without doubt, in the honest opinions of ninety-nine out of every hundred persons giving any attention to the details of the case, youngCuAKE, when he struck that unlucky blow, was actuated by an impulse — quickly-fired and quicklyobeyed—to avenge what he must have taken to be a cowardly onslaught upon his brother. He struck AKX,EZAHK, —with what, nobody knows: and ANLE- ZABK fell to the ground;.and a little later was found to be suffering with a broken jaw. We venture to think, the feelings of the prosecutor, ANLEZABK, are at the present time much what they were after the assault—and when Mr. FOBTEB spoke to him. He had got the worst in a row;—but he had entered the row with his eyes open: and now, all being over, despite the fact that possibly he had been treated otherwise than in accordance with strict pugilistic etiqnette, he was content to admit with all others concerned that the whole affair was unfortunate, and the incidental fact that he had got the worst, should not be allowed to beget further mischief and disgrace. There was no evidence in the case that HXNBY CEASE (the brother of the accused) caused the noise that disturbed Miss ACKKSLMANK and excited ANLEZARK'B ire; and, all things considered, ASLE- ZAHK took a good deal of responsibility upon himself when he adopted such a rough-and-ready method, as he did, of settling who was to blame for the annoyance caused to the lecturer and her listeners. Bat even suppose all that was worst about the alleged infliction of the grievous bodily harm, to have been proved. Suppose SYDNEY CEASE did hit ANLEZABK with a stick, after the fight between the laBt-named and HENBY CRANE had been duly started. Will anyone say the timid young fellow who on Saturday for the second time stood in the dock at Parramatta—and upon the same charge—intended to break ANLKZAJIK'S jaw. or to do him (my such harm ? As the Judge had to tell the jui7, the consequences of the act— not so much the accused's intentions— were]wbat they (the jury)had to consider; and no doubt those consequences were considered, and were responsible for the verdict arrived at. The verdict is not that about which we complain. It mayor may not have been just. We are assuming it was. The sentence is what we—and every justice-loving individual in this community—are at present concerned with; and, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, any honest man could have little hesitation in saying, not only, that that sentence was extremely severe, but, indeed, that it was really uniust. The Judge most have been folly aware of tne fact that young CBANE was virtually an invalid; and a sentence of twelve months—with the term of " solitary" confinement which such a sentence means, for a man of CRAKE'S age—is enough to drive the poor young fellow into an early (and dishonoured) grave. Should it do so, some unpleasant things may be said, not only of the administration of juetice in this colony—but also of " Ins Honor " Judge MCFAB- LAJfD. In all "honour," then, we say—let some steps be taken, by those likely to sncceed, to bring the true facts of the case under the notice of the Executive. What is the representation of the peoplo worth now? Let it be seen! There are four men, favoured with high places in a sphere where criticisms of such judicial acts as that under notice are not unwarranted, and where a plain, unvarnished tale may be told, in the interests of a wronged son of the country. Let it, we ask in all earnestness, be the task of those four men, or of one or more of them, to voice the burning hopes of the large majority of their constituents, in this matter! We do our part, in demanding that all legitimate efforts should be made to give CBAITE the benefit of anymeanB of escape, allowable under the circumstances; his fellow villagers will doubtless do theirs in giving their representatives a foundation for action : and we trust those who next have to move will not be failing in the part that is left to them. No time should be lost; for we, writing calmly and nninfiuenced by any personal motives or prejudice, believe a human life to be in danger—in danger of being sacrificed to a conspicuous mistake, m the part of a man whose faculties there, is reason to fear, are somewhat impaired by advancing age and possibly by mental and physical exhaustion. B. COPELAND'S attempt to secure a M definite expression of opinion on tbe part of the Assembly in regard to the introduction of protective duties on such articles as enter into competition with local manufac. tures, and on agricultural produce, was well, meant and thoroughly justified, hat there is no disguising tbe fact that it was ill- timed. The fact ii that the fiscal question is really sunk for tbe moment, and that it will remain so, not till Federation is an accomplished fact a* Mr. BABTON fondly imagines, but until the Eiectiooal Bills and one or two other itemB in tbe Labour Platform are definitely disposed ot. The juBtioe of Mr. COPELAND'B cause has nothing to do with tbe matter. Expediency reigos supreme, and even ardent protectionists had better recognise the fact and wait with such patience as they can muster. R. BRUCE SMITH'S action in regard M. to those Circular Quay barricades is as Indicrons as it is injudicious. The structure is a complete nuisance, and, what is worse, it is a constant reminder to thousands of circumstances which bad better be bnried in oblivion, aB far as practicable. All the assertions to tbe contrary notwithstanding, the barricade was erected—properly eo, perhaps—for the purpose of affording security to shipping operations during the strike. It is not wanted for that purpose now, and ehonld be removed. It was simply fudge for this gentleman " of extensive knowledge" as regards shipping matters, to say that he would give his decision when he had£inspe<$ed the locality. Why, be must have seen the barricades hundreds ot times. Yet he went solemnly through the farce ot matching down to the Oircnlar Quay and then marching up again. Now he talks abont the possibility of making up his mind by next Tuesday.—It seems impossible for the Colonial Treasurer to do a thing gracefully. . HE Parramatta District Liedertafd is no1 T in' the most flourishing condition jus 1 now, but wasn't there just a mupfm of wasted energy ic the all-round jeremiad indulged in by nearly all the speakers en Monday night ? The surest way to bring about the pulling down cf an edifice is to be always loudly proclaiming its tottering condition. Crying over the lack of support will not ensure the desired end; working may. It would be an everlasting disgrace to the people of the town and district, to its "gentry, reil or Brummages, to its "prominent men," to one and all, indeed, were^so deserving, so beneficial an institution ai the P. D. Liedertafel to oome to an untimely end for tbe want of a few pounds. Still with a little energy and by a little perwnal exertion this untoward result can surely he avoided. _ those "floating assets," said to amount to over £10, and also said to be worth (in RJLD.'s opinion, and he is not a bad judge) rather lea than as many shillings. The money ia represented bysnbscriptiuns doe for the past year. Have the holders of the " floating assets " rcoeited their tickets for the C0D06FU regularly, and have they used them regularly ? If ao, the balancesheet should give foil particulars of the '' Hotting assets ' a* a meet reward for"eiuBed meanness." ERE ia a neat little collection of adjectives H employed a-day or two ago by a scribe, not unknown in Psnantatta, ana now connected with the sporting department of a metropolitan journal. Tbe ociasion was the opening of a new Club, champagne and speech-making forming, of ooorae, the main bnriness. All the speechea seem to have bean possessed of the meritof ehorto ess, andaomehadinaddiUon other merit*. The first oration was " nice"; the 1 nest was " spicy and flavoured." Then came a "short and effective" Demosthenic effort, followed by a "short, but telling speech." Next, somebody responded in a " short, but felicitous " speech, snd somebody else responded in a "short, but appropriate" address. "The Press" was dealt with in a "short" speech, acknowledged (half a dozen times over) in *'suitable" oratioup. A "short, but pithy," proposal came next, and that was dealt with in a " short, bat pointed" reply. And all this superabundance is half a column of matter. Eheu! rfiHE subject of a road through the Park for X the convenience of the Toongabbie, Wentworthville and Back Domain folk ha; always made " business " for the Parramatta Progress Association. On more than one oceasion we have suggested in our columns that the people in the localities named should take tbe matter up themselves and bestir themselves for their own good. This they are now doing in conjunction with the newly-formed Progress Association of Parramatta North, and a public meeting is to be held in the Primitive Methodist Church, Toongabbie, on Saturday afternoon next for this purpose and also to try and have the roads in the district vested in trustees, so that they (tbe roads—not the trustees) may be kept in decent repair. There can be no question that this portion of the Central Cumberland electorate is eadly neglected—thanks partly to the do-nothing policy of the Parliamentary representatives and partly to the people's own apathy. Let them turn up in gooialy numbers at tbe meeting and prove that they are willing to help themselves. Q PEAKING of the Parramatta North Pro. gress Association, would it not be better to have one Association in Parramatta, considering that the two—leaving out very minor differences—can but hare one aim and object f An amalgamation would mean a strong and influential body perhaps, whereas two associations, looking at the ordinary way of P&rramatta; societies, will simply mean a straggling existence. Which association will move first in the matter ? _ W ILL (he person or persons concerned kindly note this f As a consequence of the work in connection with the storm water drain in Station- street, a divergence of tbe gutter has been made on to some vacant land, where soap auda, galore—and perhaps other matter—are now lying en matte. Prohabte result: more typhoid in tbe neighbourhood, as the weather becomes warmer! There is already more than one case of diphtheria in close proximity. N Thursday evening, at 8 o'clock, there O were no lights at the world in progress in connection with the etorm - water drain contract, in Station- street; even the street lamp near the spot was not lighted. At 9.30 tbe street lamp certainly showed tbe usual glimmer; but the two green glass lamps hanging on the middle of the roadway even then spread no rays aronnd. Ag'ain will (he parties interested kindly note this ? An accident to a hansom cab was by the merest good fortune averted on the ocoasion referred to. FAIR-HAIBKD YOUTH bowed to the A Parramatta Bench on 'Wednesday last, and after a few words with his solicitor (Mr. W. Boberts, sea.) consented to pay 6s a week towards the support of a male child, then in Conrt—and also wearing fair hair. A joke was made—something about Mr. Roberts having been " intimidtted"; but the truth was, of course, the ease promised to prove too clear against defendant. The funny feature was,— paying £12 lOscoits, to arrange in two minutes, what doubtless, the ucfortunste girl would rather had been arranged more privately. ABODE men whose enthusiasm and failh L threaten to burn themselves out (and Australians jail, who are inclined to look with suftpioion and dread upon the efforts of those working for more " pleasure and leisure and treasure for the masses), would do well to give fair consideration to the plain, quiet, noble words of M AMT and TIIXBTT, published in a short extract in another part of this issue of the MBBCDKT. EN who hope to see the advent of " better M times " hastened through the agency of wise legislation in relation to the ownership of land could not do better than read (and cut out and keep for future use) the letter of "H.W.P." in Tuesday's Telegraph. The writer's views might, we think, be accepted ss a compromise, as good as any likely to be arrived at, for many years to come, in connection with tbe all-important land question. S TRANGE misunderstandings do sometimes arise. This little tale is " founded on fact." She lived and blossomed in the village of—well, say of Byde—a highly respected resident of many years, a happy wife, a happy mother, diligently attending to her household and maternal duties, and utterly indifferent to such burning questions as the Woman Franchise. Not a veiy great while ago she made her spouse doubly happy.— Twins. He was a confirmed bachelor, bland, bald, courteous, sympathetic, and therefore, needless to say, interested in—twins. She was suffering somewhat from, the prevailing influenza, and was afflicted in consequence with temporary deafness. He is sever ill, and he knew nothing of that little drawbaok. He paid his usual call, and was bland, courteous, and sympathetic ae ever. Hie following colloquy ensued:— He (after the usual formalities) : And how are the dear little ones ? She (smiling): Thanks, getting on nicely. Hf (feelingly) : A good deal of trouble, eh t She (graciou&y;) : Oh, I don't mind it; I always have it at this time of the year, you know. Of coarse it's troublesome, and I must confess this is the worst attackl've ever had, and I have had a dozen if I have had one. He (horrified): My dear madam She (riding a hobby): Tes, I am dreadfully worried at night, and He (with the ghost of a smile}: My dear madam She (archly): Ah, you may laugh, but your tnm will oome, you know- X can tell by your very looks you are going to be troubled jost ss I am. Then he fled, and halted not till opportunity presented itself of drowning his sorrow. 'Cos why ? TILL another o'ertraetsle: also from down S the river. There live and flourish in a certain district of limited dimensions two very worthy max. Both are connected more or less remotely with the law: one occasionally in the capacity of a juryman, the other as a stem guardian of the peace. Both rejoice in the same cognomen. Any name will answer our purpose, so let us say it was "Smith"— Nicodrating Smith. Nicodemns Smith No. I is married; Nicodemus Smith No. 2enjoys single blessedness. No. 1, a little while ago, attended at the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions in (he execution of his duty. He trial upon which he was engaged lasted late into the night, and N.S. No. 1 engaged temporary lodgings at Dadinghuist (not her Majesty's Hotel). In due course he returned home, and mentioned ins temporary sojourn at Dadinghnrst. Aday or two later whilst engaged st hif usual avocationB, there arrived by postainisavB addressed to Nicodc suns Smith, £sq. It was delivered to the wife of his bosom. The superscription was in a delicate, intensely feminine hand. Tbe natural result followed. Horror of horrors! The epistle was dated from street, Darlinghurst, was couched in a most gushing style, opened with, an endearing " Darling old pet,** and spoke with rapture of the happy home we spent together last week. ' Here was a pretty kettle of fish, bat His. NIOODEXUS, though you might have knocked her down with a feather, did not laint or lose her presence of mind. Instead of that she fonnd a broomstick. Jnst then NII»DKKDB, mopping his brow, conscious of having done his duty well,' and softly whistling " We won't go home till morning, entered the door. Mrs-N. was ready, ami let ttt diop tito cottBUL* j A GREAT storm is often succeeded by a calm. Broomsticks sometimes are followed by explanations. So it was in this esse. NioossiniB the first was at length able to persuade JCTB. NIOODBKUB of the possibility of on error having occurred by reason of the possesion by two individuals of but one name. Strong in his conscious innocence he offered to dispatch at once a messenger to NICODEMUS NO. 2, who, being on this occasion not primed with "information received," turned up briskly. He was met by the little serving mud and esoorted into the best parlour, where hie professional eye at once took in the whole scene. There was Mrs. NIOODBHTTB No. I, and near her the fragments of the gentle persuader ; there was Mr. NTOOMMUB No. I with a gruesome countenance and an apparent itching of the shoulders He was solemnly invited to sit. He sat. Then the tale was unfolded ; the " Darling Old Pet" was apostrophised and the "happy hears" once more vividly pictured, Mrs. NICODBMCS, the while sniffing the air like a baffled warhorse and casting longing glances at at the fragmentary pdizuader. NICODBUUS No. I implored KIODBOTS NO. 2 to tell the truth, tbe whole truth, and nothing bnt the truth ; but No. 2. looked confused, blushed, yes, aotually blushed, stuttered and stammered, and at length declared point blank, that he "didu't know nothing at all about the letter or the fair writer." Then, feeling a curious, choking sensation, he bolted, and once outside the front door he—well, he exploded ; and incontinently frightened two of the worthy P.M.'e pets, to wit, two-year- old calves. As to the geese enacted inside. . . Well, lei us again draw the curtain. T HE third volume of this. veracious history remains to be written. Its moral, however, is already obvious. "Never take 'A NigbtOff!' " 