0"OTTX3Sr GrS OIsT T'TTTH CTTIP I3ZX03ST. SHALL WE GO BY RAIL or ROAD?" I asked of my English friend who had come on a trip to Australia for the express purpose of seeing, amongst other things, the race for the Cup." " Well," lie replied, "utter my experience „f the thorough watering of the road on Derby day from the Post-office to the lawn for the comfort of those driving to the course, I think I prefer the train. I was never so well peppered in my life before. Much as I admire yoyr bananas, your policemen, your trams, and your sun, you will allow me to say that your dust is abominable. The itinerant novelist would not have been far wrong if lie liad denounced it, and not drink, as tire curse of the colony, besides, the road from the Post-office to Flemington has nothing to recommend it There is not n picturesque bit'the whole way; nothing hut rows of houses on the one side and sickly gum-trees on the other. I wonder that any one goes that way at all. And as for fun, with the exception of a couple of nigger niinstrels doing a double song and dance at the turn-off and the awful warnings of the Salvation Army done on calico in red letters " why ib the WORLD BO OM TO-DAY ! * ••n ft black ground, there was not the; ■ghost of a laugh to he had the whole way. j The outdoor nigger does not seem to flourish in Australia. He is very popular at home, and no race meeting wonld he complete without him. The nearest approach in point -of dress to our nigger is yonr small book maker on the flat If it were not for him the dense black mass on the flat would he unrelieved. Why Hie patronisers of that portion of the ground should dress them selves as if they were Attending a funeral is one of those things a fellow cannot under stand." And so we went by train, and as my E.F. pointed out for Something less than a sovereign he was provided with a pleasant journey to and from thfe course, a good lunch, and an excellent day's racing. For which in England he would have had to pay at least A and then considered himself lucky in finil^ Stftrt 'to Hmsh,. ;"••* i«'T=«»c-a.--#s M\&-/ • •< is onrB tt»«® w scarcely my) diBUncfcioft^ he ,4de. Their ie n^e.Theif worng emijea rr J "—• ^ U&ienUany; |^^|||toeiwaoo A VERY FREE ADAPTION OP " ULYSSES AND THE 8IREN8 " IN OUR NATIONAL GALLERY. between the ringmen here and at home, it is in their garments. This climate permits of lighter materials and brighter colouring to be worn, of which they are not slow in taking advantage. I noticed the other day that your THK KANGAROO HANDSHAKE—" OH! HOW DK DO-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O -O ?'* Postmaster-General Intends to stop yon Vic torians from investing your pocket- money in the harmless necessary sweep. It looks very much as if your rulers were Aficvmti* . about to be attacked with"a very virtuous tit. Perhaps they may abolish betting altogether in one of their spasms. A very apropos pic ture might be made by altering just a little the fine work ' Ulysses and the Sirens.' in | your National Gallery, by making the harpies I bookmakers, and Ulysses' companions the Victorian public (the chief punter tied to the mast); their bars stopped with 'wax by a paternal Government. The shrieking of ' Two to one bar one' would then charm no more, and the great danger ot backing}our fancy be passed for ever." " Pretty girls? Yes, lovely girls,and lots of 'em. Their complexions are perfect, and I am awfully glad to see that your Australian women do not paint and 'do up' after the manner, I am sorry to say, that the majority of English women do who are hot blessed with gopd ,cotnpIpxioi]^Vf ^hgte is more ani mation "about' .oofoiyt^"■faffi" we ate apcustomed to at home.. -'Your plain Austra lian .girls are nearly qltbf 'o/iie type. Very long nose, eyes elosetbgether, upper lip very much in ad vance of the under, and the face sofreckled that a pin's poijit ^p'acarcely find a resting-place on the orij^jft,stan. 1 notice that your best set stiff thinks the kangaroo hand-shake, 'good form, .ahif''the prolonged "how de doo-ofO*' ^risjpgiinflection) the correct thing. VPe dropped both some time ago. 'Arry and 'Arriet got hold of them, and that was'enough." "Your • Johnniea' are not, on the whole, as smart as ours. Yours are stouter in the build, and their ears are. set closer to their heads. Look over there*. Th&tis; a capital speci men of the thoroughbred English Johnnie. The very way lie rolls up his trousers at the COLONIAL GENTBT. (VIDE 8tH BERNARD BURKE.) bottom stamps him ; and look at his ears! Your men get too modi sun, and become burnt and tanned, which is fatal to the thoroughbred chappie. By: the way, there are three men standing just in 'front of us on the lawn. There is a style about diem that is very fetching. Can you tell me who they are ?" < " Yes, indeed. The little man to the left is Tiplark^bf Canoodle Darn; the tall fellow is Wiffles, of North Wobbhim; and die bearded man is Wagthorpe, of Yam Dam." " Dear me, I am as wise as ever." " Ah 1 then I must lend you my Burke'* Colonial Gentry." " Many thanks. And now tell me, 1 sup pose the prevailing epidemics will affect this Cup Day considerably? By the prevailing epidemics I mean shortness of cash and a tightness of the chest, accompanied by a eouglVr 1 have heard so much of the exist - | in s depression^!* J look everywhere for the [ signsoi' it, and I master in ta*n. If these are your depressed liraeSj^hat mast your inhaled periods have beenlifce?'* "This is a country of wor.d^rtu; ;itj> ami downs; one day we arenp in the npg going it like mad, and thexrext suffering a. recovery, sad and sorry,"" with our heads atid tails down liks a rooster lit the rain. Look i-S-T c-;. old Btory, yon Bee. Reaction in '61 follow ing on the gold fever, reaction in '01 follow ing on the strike and land boom. We shall poll through yet, believe me, believe me." "Not a doubt of it, and you'll be all the better for taking a pull at yourselves. That's always the worst of a big spree, the getting round again—when your swelled head won't go into your hat without a shoehorn, and you feel that you are paying double for your 'good time' of last night But we didn't .some down here to moralise ; let's go out to the top-stand and see the race. That's Pigeontoe, is it ? Pigeon-pie, he should be called—a skinner for the ring if he wins. Here comes Highborn, dreamt as the winner by a friend of mine, who got up, had a drink of water, went to bed again, and dreamed the same thing again. Coppers were pretty hot, I imagine, that night. Muriel and Litigant nightmares. Forty Winks essentially the dreamers* horse. Lancer ought to cut his way through his horses. The mysterious Greygown, not the first grey gown that has enveloped a mystery. Portsea might as well be taking a holiday at Sorrento for all the good he is. Strath tnore beloved by tipsters. Carrington. if half as popular as the Governor he was named after, should be first favourite." Sternchaser—another ominous name—Mal voJio, Correze, Sir William, Highborn, Strathmore, a splendid collection of thorough breds. What a sight! I am tilled with admiration at your orderly crowds. All to-day I have looked in vain for only one man who had looked on the wine when it was red, but looked in vain. I am afraid he will only be found in a three volume novel. Ah! here they come. Just look at the hill at the back, black with motionless human beings. I admit it is a sight unequalled in the world. Your course is so compact, and everything can be seen at once—so different to anything we have at home. There they go !—a wonderful sweep that by the river—how their hoofs thud. Tailing off now, sir. Now they are going fast. Here they come again—another grand sweep before the straight How the whips fly, and the horses, too. By Jove, 6ir, a splendid race, even if the wrong horse won, don't y'know. Theday is finished, and thelastof the people are straggling off the course to the railway station. Horses are being clothed and ridden slowly away in Indian file. A few book makers, with heavy bags, are drinking cham pagne, and toasting their noble selves and the guardian angel that always saves them from having to pay much. We sit on the 6teps of the members' stand, talking over the events of the day and watching the sun as it 6inks and lights up the silver trophy which standsjustin frontof us. Lower and lower the great red ball drops until it disappears. Then, -in the misty light, it seems to us as if the figure of Victory increased in size, and we thought the outstretched arm moved and placed the olive wreath around the jockey's neck. Then followed the popping of a champagne cork and the toasting of Malvolio, who answered with an intelligent neigh. Then we felt almost certain we saw Victory come down from her pedestal, and the jockey from his horse, and, gathering up her skirts, go through a wild dance on the lawn just in front of us. So realistic was the scene that we felt forced to applause. The first sound broke the spell, and y&eh; ~vit looked again the statue^Jkba'ck on its pedestal with its ey$. outstretched arm and impassive face. •" 