h o u s e o f r i m m o n . i JIOEY OP TBB " BLACK OODNTBY " OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. CHATTER XLII.—(CONTINUED). _ Bi JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of ' Aust Saeobh'b Two Leqacibb," sio. uJtiVt pardons, my good friend," said the tmigaer. " It is as dark as the grave, this csimtry of yoars. I am despair to find my way toHr. Hackbeet's." " lis way isn't through me, responded Mr. Simpler irately, and imagining for some reason Bathe reoognised the voice. " What do you tint with Mr. Hackbit f I belong to that ^Vell, I am come to Wolverhampton. pM the foreigner confidentially, " to do some Bjijaring performances. They ore not defied people at all: they will not give op a room but I most pay feat; and the printer,he most not print my bills until I do first pay him. Is this not strange? And I am absolutely dthout the means to pay till I have performed. I am without watch, and many other things, Ifiach Monsieur the pawnbroker ib in possession of, at the last place I am in; and a kind gentleman to whom I explained my difficulty has kid me you are agent for a money-lending Simpler thought, " Hackbit wouldn't be too pleased to have his private address given," and Wondered who could have done it. "It would not matter so much;" the foreigner went on, " but I have an incumbrance with me, in the shape of a woman who is no longer yonng. and no longer pretty, who, like the cherubim in your Church prayers, 1 continually doth cry ' " and he waited evidently expecting pity on this point; bat Mr. Simpler only laughed. " Isee yon have never teen In a like situation or you- would not laugh. It is no matter for laughter, I will j^euieyou." <* That's all yon know about it. Why don't fan get rid of the woman f " I have already done bo many times, but she fas a fine instinct, she. She oomes again; ud so, if she were in her grave, she would come Qain, that woman." " All right," said Simpler; " you go up that toy," vaguely indicating, "and I'll follow jau." "If you have no objection, I wilt wait for <00\. It is not inviting, that road. I have hen everywhere, but never have I seen any- Bung like this,** "Bnt 1 have an objection. You won't hurt yourself. Foreigners are always so rash." He fad picked up that word in the neighbourhood. "If you do not object," said the foreigner, "tou will be so good as to lead me to a plaoe Wsifety a little farther on, whets Z will remain fiile yon speak with ma'em'selle.'' Bimpler was furious. "Confound you," he hid, "what do you mean?" "Oh, I thought the ma'em'selle was waiting tot some one by that piece of building." "It isn't for me, at all events," Rain Rimpler, ttSiiiga lie. "Oh, then, if it is not for you, I will tell fon, I have spoken with her, bnt she is no tUsken, she." Bimpler was thinking, 11 How could be have frond that out in the dark f" and said so. "There was nothing of shyness in .ber taussr," said the foreigner, " and I did gather bom other indications " Bimpler decided that Dorcas shonld wait it "St that night, and went on with the foreigner to Hackbit's, where a loan was arranged. CHAPTER LXILL—A COSILY BXIXBF. The little matter of basnets Monsieur Pelbois Ltd to transact with Mr. Backbit was arranged Mtaallyin that gentleman's absence. Kezish had been up at ber mother's all d»yt so Mr. Backbit took the opportunity of looking over Kssiah's orderly drawers and boxes but the Best natural and ordinary things. Inconsistent as it must appear, he was mngry at not Hading what he had sought, and a resolve Xsmt into his qr^1. jrinqt bis Wftyconscious<5it?~fittfSpteput. m » frame of •mind^ 4a*aitupg, they ten jusUy eure to-Bad-lm oppOxtonfty.' atultiiemfł^rajgsparedtoaa. .*>-.^ jJ •uaneni Pdbois came in £rBt, -and remained m the office some time, the -foreigner going sway before Hacktnt's retnm. That 'genfie- Djmoade a great noise in the entzanoe-hail Jmei he did come, and to all appearanoe had seen drinking again, w^ cue in smiling, gutas he always smiled when he was going 10 "Sthing rem&ricxbly; offensive. . WelljJauhpler," be asld sarcastically, rnje you an enjoying my wife'a society" "jsplar made no reply. Ke&ish; bit her lip, Krf looked angry. Yon know the stock aha oomes of, *™PKR," he went cm. One of them, whose Wnptare knowledge is great, said something Joout not gathering figs from thistles. I wish Ihu thought of that when I married my „wife. >>e n all tools till we leans. I took ber for a' «mt. Ton know -what she is, Bimpler. Did Touerer BseamansoinfernanyBoldf" - v. Kezish fixed her black eyes with wrathful weantyoa HacBatfs iaoe. "What do you •tat to goad me to So P" said she/ * . , - Is there anything~y9u> are pnxiABl to be. pMsd into doing?" rqJied. Haddiit, snsthig i in a '-'•-jr. and tippingit up on the hinu i looked as if about to qnit the room, ianged ber mind, and satdowa. She •Wdnot have done so had die known what •o^follew. , • Hare you ever hand the story abontmy ampler?" want on HaAtat,im»lmitiy. had a situation at • and ?"*R<dtoget over the medical man in atgjenoeat the house, who was subMquentiy up on a ch^ge of ibmder./ ftoa.UbBa. Mhartal f0r me, »nd here I am. Anyone "yrt P<ty me. 1 ' - .: .. ,• - . - ? How dare Ton insult mBaol" tato out Shetót the room, 'followed by rnso^ ™tUoghter. She did " A bed had keen Etworthy, they must have gons round to the back of the back of the house; so he determined to go round and reconnoitre. The house was quite still; He thought he might venture to do it. The landing winJow lay between the room where Keziah im now Bleeping and the night nursery. He thought, it they were inthe garden behind, he should hear as well as see from this position. It was bis habit when he WeoHfito uoew bouse to by all -the locks -ind autne windows, .to learn .if they bad any peculiarity óf opening and shutting. This jie always managed to. do -in aliatural manner. Cansegaently,; be' had" ascertained that the' landing window wiołd open without a - sound, though his osra would not. So he vary quietly raised the window, and pat his head out. He could see nothing, it was so dark. But then, be argued, "If I can see nothing, the Same darkness renders me invisible toothers, which is also something." Tes, there was some one moving below, and the sound of low voioes. "I am afraid to stay in the same house with him," he heard Keziah eay. " Tel if I freed myself, and went away from bin*, then he and all the world would say it was to go to yon, which I would never do, except as now." A low voice answered, " Is my reputation worth more to me than you are, Kizzy ? Tou most come to me, if you have so. much reason. to fear. And why not These laws are men's laws, and nofGod's.' Tbutme mtneiy right. What does it matter what people sap? You would go away, far from the teach, of their voices. It could not mattąr to youthen." "If no one knew, I shonld know," was i Keziah's reply. " No, I will never do that. If I leave my husband's roof, you must promise me faithfully you will never see me or speak to me again." She was so earnest that she could not but promise. Bat he felt in bin heart he had gromised more than he could perform. In the attics of the soul it is a question of the right of the strongest; and love for Kezish, and desire to possess her, were stronger this time with poor Elworthy than any man-made laws. Silas, who had heard every word of this, felt be had been having a very good' time; and as they ceased talking, and appeared- to separate, he slowly began to put down the window. But something happened that made him stop suddenly in the operation. Something appeared to fly at him, and was pouring down upon him. He was taken so much unawares that he could not help crying out, whereupon he was seized by the throat and hair, and shaken about as if ho bad been a pillow: after whici he was flung upon the landing, and received the contents of a bucket, which nearly chocked him. He could do nothing but utter inarticulate sounds. Nor did the experience terminate as yet. Suddenly he felt himself being dragged, in the darkness, along the landing into his own room. Then a voice for the first time accosted him. It was Wilson's. "Take that for a lesson, you sneaking eavesdropper," she said; " and tell anybody about it if you wish to"—this in a tone that showed Silas plainly she was acute enough to know be would say nothing about it. He dragged himself up from the floor after e moment or two, and struck a match. His door was shut. He heard a wiping of something going on outside, and concluded that WilBon was wiping -up the spilt water. He lit bis candle, and remembered savagely that he had been mmhlp to utter a word or do -anything, and wished be had the time over again. Mr. Bimpler slowly and with some of his ordinary manner advanced towards the glass, and looked at himself, which he continued to do for some minutes. His face had assumed its normal brick-wall expression. At length he began:— "ItemNo. 1, cravat missiną; item No. 2, black mark on left eye; item No. 3, portions of hair missing ; item No. 1, shirt front torn out—as near as possible, 1 ' he added; "item No. 5, large lump on back of bead, can't see it, can fed enough to make up for that; item No. G, a dreadful feeling along the vertebra;, from top to bottom, indescribable, can't see that either; item No. 7, a large piece of cuticle missing under black eye, will necessitate a piece of ilaister; item No. 8," he said, as he began to - akeoff his clothes, "every one of my things as wet as if I'd been swimming in them; itemNo. 9, can fed another lump coming out over the left eye; item No. 10, an infernal headache. All this to be put on paper." Mr. Bimpler wrapped himself in a blanket, and wrote downhislist cf itemsinjbis pocketbook, to be remembered against Wilson for ever, and whSe he wrote, WilBon had cleared away_all the mess, and was anxiously waiting for Kezi&h; to come -in. And now that her exertions were over, and that she had had the pleasure she had longed for, of giving it to " that Simpler," a feeling of depression came over her. She had heard Kerfab's voice below. "Then it is true," she thought, after alL " What a pity!" and die waited and watched for Keziah'e coming in. But TTerinb was at that moment being persuaded never to come in any more, and she was wavering. But she and Bupert bad beard the cry, though thfey had not recognised the voice; and they thought they had been discovered. Keziah had clung desperately toBupert's arm and he held her firmly. Come away, Kmy, my dear love, while there is yet time. If you go he will murder ; rou, now he has discovered. Why dionld you ihrow yourself into the jaws of death at random,and ruin my life too, for such a villain as. he is ? What could the world say against you ? They know what he is. Kizzy,"be pleaded, " you are so brave, and have dared eo much. Come, dare the world's opinion, and go with me. I have plenty of money. I could get a iractice abroad, easily. Think, let love decide, o whom do yon owe allegiance? To that man, who has done nothing to earn it; or to me, who am ready to do everything for your sake ? You trusted yourself to him; csn you not trust yourself to me? Think, Ezzy. all you have made me suffer. Can you imagine what my feelings must have been, to come out of prison tofind the one who shonld have been true to me, though all else had failed—to find you belongingto another ? Do you not owe me anything/Kizzy, for loving you so after all this ? But you must decide now, this very moment. Someone will be here. Tou'must decide between łum and me." And not waiting for a reply, he led her with his strong arm about her, down the garden path and out at the gate. Shs hadheenscarcely conscious of anything but the strength of what he said, till nowjhat die was moving away. She stowed with a new strength, and locoed his aim from about bier. "No," die said,*'I can but die. I will go back. He will think all this evil against me. He dull never have reason. Since I have lost you, my self-respect lsthe only thing left to me; and wonld yon, who say yon love me, rob me _ idnotoffSFto "stredc of lights was t lojSB'.^anbd.::« jstuddar, JHt^js 'taostóntańilj* j i ^ " -A ~ ' away, and •ihe ' said^ -witŁ .. , "dĄJight'; 'another too lite'for me to g _ ihiiApefei^to-^S; bouśB.-Aśdib wettPsne Alow, and it wrung her heard > if, heart She beeil one ^moment. 41 Is he worth this icrifioft,? die «aid_to tondf, bOthour lrvM?" at even while ahe thought, a voice within her bade ber, go baijk. Sheltered the house.'- figure intercepted her ntii It Was Wilson. "Oh, Miss Kizzy,' she said, calling her,bv the old familiar name in a heart-broken kind of way, " I wouldn't bave believed it of you, Iwoulon't." - jftihli in har old impetuous manner, flmig bar-arms about Wilson, and cried npon ^lmr dioulder. "Donot judge me so hardily, she asid. " Ton wonld not if yon knew aŁ ' Wilson was unrdanting though crying; die •was angry with Keziah, and as yet had no comprehension of the case. - " I know appearances are against me, and cannot make yon believe in me. Ball ha gone nothing so very wrong." - "Oh, flon'tmakBlightof it.miss. It can Dotbe right, wHchever way you put it." ; " I know Z ought not to hava met him. never shall meetlhiiu again." . •'It's too late to mend matters now," sua Wilson. 'Tm not the only .one as has Been youlo-ni^ht,and has heard alL' «i Do yon mean my huibaad ?" asked ^•^.łi, faintly. ' . ^No," saidWilson, t£tteriy. . Toumfcht And he wOI know wlio tt U—łhatEimplBr., And b -Ml everything, ańdit wOlbiTiitasbaL' ^S^^raSi. thne'snopify fetoein yonr tone. Iło I notjąeKTOaomepi^ : "Tou've been drove to iLl nererponntslorninai. ^ t o ^ J ^ S S oMntsisthat yt»»e aonBiŁj- And.oh,thatI jSŁ^tótóto see this |t*Wore' had grown larger. Wilson started. She noticed J die could see Keziah now—the outline of her | figure. " The servants will be coming down," I die said; " go to your room. It is a wonder they are not down before, bnt I have been so staggered, I had not thought of it." Keziah fled up the staircase like a creature afraidof the light, and Wilson went to Leonard, who was waking. .It. was soon breakfast time. Keaah had dressed herself nicely, why, , she could hardly "haye told, .for ahe ielfc -ehe was. goir^g to hear .her Sentence. • i To ber great śurpoBę, on going to thelireak* fast-room, for it was not Keziah to' absent herself, Mr. Rimpler" was there before her, and appeared calm, as if nothing had happened. He had a black eye, and a plaster under it, which Keaah did not remember to have seen before, and which Mr. Bimpler blunderingly proceeded to apologise for, Baying he bad tumbled over something in his room in the dark; he did not attempt to say what Keziah felt he was tdling her a lie, and instinctively the idea came into her mind that he bad baa a tussle with Wilson, and die smiled. Strange that humanbeings are so constituted that, in the moments when they ars saddest and most sore pressed,-the captive mind releases itsdf from bondage in qpite of all control, and catches eagerly at an opportunity for miHłi So Keziah smiled in the Qfipth of hor trouble. c. A"f ew minutes later Mr. Hackbit came down. He was much as usual,' rude and inattentive, and aggravating. But, beyond jhis, nothing occurred. Was the storm about to blow over, or was its breaking only deferred ? Could Wilson have been mistaken about Bimpler's having found her out? These questions pużded Keaah extremely, and die could not help thinking about them in spite of herself. After breakfast she noticed that Mr. Rimpler made no attempt to have private communication with her husband, ana die remarked this to Wilson^ and said that he might not know, or, if he did, he might not be gome to toll. "Have you ever seen a cat with a mouse, miss?" was the answer. ''She lets it run about, and think itself free, because she can put her foot on it when she likes." "Well," said Keaah, wearily. " Only if it is to come, I wish it would come quickly." CHAPTER XLIV.—JUBAL Bevbus Jumłey. That morning, when it was nearly dinnertime at the house of Simmon, Jubal and his uncle David were coining across the Old Park from the Btation of Jumley. " What a heathenish place this is!" Tubal remarked to his uncle, looking Bcornfully around at the wretched tumble-down buildings, the literally black road, and the great mounds of cinders, and ominous-looking holes. " Really, Ihad no idea it was half so bad as this." " Ah, Jubal," said his uncle, " we never can judge a place till we've another to compare it with. When I was a little lad, and used to carry your grandfather's dinner in & basin tied up in a handkerchief, I should have been ready to slay anyone as had said Jumley wasn't the finocf finest place n)aM in the HiA world, ivnrM. No, Kn. not Tint that," flioł M said (mill David, blushing slightly. " I was always more like limning awav than slaying anybody. Bnt these mines," he went on, pointing with his walking stick, " weren't wodted out then, Jubai, that is, all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your lather, Śorcas, and 1, and the dear baby that died, we used to play of a night, at hopscotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, and we used to run over the pit-banks nntQ it got dark. And yon see that honse over there, Jubai r' he said, indicating the remains of one; " many's the time I've seen your grandfather washing what he cilled' the firstcoat* off, oatside that door. There was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a very clean woman, and die couldn't bear to have ner place messed up, die said, as soon as it was cleaned." " Well, uncle," rejoined Jubai, with a high colour in hi6cheekB, " I mean no offence; but for our future comfort, it may be as well that I should just say, that I am not particularly proud of having had a grandfather who worked in a coal-pit; nor am 1 particularly interested in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet; nor of games played _bv my father and aunt "Dorcas and you. And if I bring any fellows home with me, as you told me I may, I bee; you will not mention this kind of filing. Of course, I mean no offence. But fellows are.apt to jook down on this sort of thing. I diin't mean to say . my ... 'grahdfather might not have been a very good man." "He was a very good man,*' saki his uncle in a low tone. He was taking in with difficulty what he was hearing, and he was wounded. Jubal went on— " Tou see, however interesting theie accounts tuay be to members of thefamilyj they cannot be interesting to outsiders." " But you are not an outsider, Jubai,'' replied bis uncle, in the same grieved tone. "Still,you see," went on Jubai, "I never knew my grandfather, which is almost equal to not belonging to him. And," he added, taking out a cigar, and lighting it, at the same time being very careful not to soil his strawcoloured glove, which fitted to a nicety, and was bordered by the whitest of white cuffs, "I can't say that I know a single member of the family that anyone would like to belong to except you." . And Jubai glanced through bis long lashes, at his ancle's face, to see the effect of his little compliment. He saw only the troubled look. David Rimmon did not care much for compliments, and did not see them readily. But he did notice Jubal's cigar, and said to him— " Well, Jabal, if I were yoii, * wouldn't o into your father's "bou Be smoking, seeing ge dislikes it so." " I wonld do a good deal to please you, uncle, bat I shall not come here to palaver my father. They are not to kill the fatted calf on my behalf, and hail the prodigal returned. And that is the kind of story he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank, if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he says I'm penitent, it shall be a direct lie, he shan't have a foundation of excuse for it And see, unde," he aaid, pointing with his band in which he held his lighted cigar fora moment, "as you are fond of reminis =ecc3S,there is the noble edifice occupied by grandmother during the latter part of her delightful sojourn in this neighbourhood." David, slow though ha was, could take the impression of a tone .as quickly as anyone; and he felt that Jubai had known her as a rulous old woman, it was true; but David n-known her as the patient, hard-working mother of the family. He could remember many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door, when he had fallen down, or when some playfellow had been bitting -him. He did sot put all this in words, but he and with^a.^OTtie^dLgsj^ wMii-bei^a iim: ^ ._SOT.aaked.ma, JpbaLpot potto. feAPe^^Bt-l yourgrandfathftrtpr cre-riiHdhopLJipOgqMgj ofyonnotto refer to your ^apo^apuier, wl^^- '•'OV:aiU right, ; uncle,"- said Tubal. ."I didn't meui to hurt yipu. It's all true what yon say. 'I was <inly~joking*either." "That was just it," said David; «you were.joking." , \- - •: ' - - . - They were now passing- a ruined tfenginehouse; ańd Jubai, happening to glance dwra^ aaw lying half-bidden under a maty wheel what smeared to be a bvuidle of parchment. He took it np, and put it into his podce t. What's ito ?''asked hń mole. A bit of. old parchment somebody - bas thrown away." . . " But you have never examined it. It might be some important document. I don't know howyou are to know, if yon don't -examine it" The fact is that Tubal did know what it mi, fTijijiii not wish bis uncle to know—that is, be knew to a certain extent. He had recognised his father's handwriting upon it; that vf-as enoagh for him. Tee; the knife had been to the grinder's, and had got sharpened ; but It seemed to have dreams of cutting on its own acoount. Jubai, having a notion that his uncle was pondering over what he bad pidced up, and wishing to ehinge his thoughts, iCTiartad, "What an Mid mets this road makes of one's boots and 's troosen 3" . Ton cantom youxtxonsers up," replied: uncle, lookingdown at Jubal's. "T turned ^ ^ in the station." you nfam:JoWsTiin: a torfly fashion, IWvej look." izonaer-bottoms never ait wall when tn tamed up. -It quite «ęoO» Uie . kind ćftalk was beyondXtavid's uon: But just as he had always'tl that Joshua knew bete tiian ^e ;iii>w 'te - J thought that ^JubJ -did, at least " In uinłt ^ thi^gi. tta g m * ^ ^ w a m - i ^ t J M ^ i i ^ B r t t e sr they did, they Should see a gentleman, a fashionable man of the world, (Tubal thought, who was not ruined by his father's disinheriting him, who was not cpming home in sackcloth and —' ashes --•-— to denote ' " Mb ' - repentance, 1 but in as fashionable a suit as the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with an air and mminw TwPttfng such dothes. It was no beggar coming to his father's honse to ask breadi^Jubal went as a priⅇ conferring a "— : -'UT by his presence. .. ^ - * , is door was opened, 8arah, who' bad not eosa Jnbslsj lohgj coiild hardly keep her . joy in. She seized him .afbsr the manńer df tin Bls^County pebple, 'not too gpntiy.-.; «f Aad,' oh, what a beanhful gentiemnf'4eS gtowed Into," die tocd^uasŁ ° Bles8 >^ns--'bsadsom& face." It was not until die had exhausted as many epHhets as die could think of, that die begin to notice that Jubai was not eo effusive. In fact, tie was considering whether die had been cooking, and might possibly grease his dothes. He said— "Oh,8oit'syou,Sarah. Howdoyou do?" This without a smile, and in a very condescendingway: and he was about to pass her, when he turned back, atid patting his -hind in his pocket, tookout half-a-crown. " Here, Sarah," he said, superiorly," yon lent me half-a-crown onoe; here it is. I just remembered it." Sarah stated at him- in blank amazement, but aid not hold oat her hand—the hardworking, rough hand that was always so kindly*; and so ready to labour to the uttermost in' loving offices for those she cared for. Jabal dropped the half-a-crown into her hand, taking groat care not to touch her with his glove. The touch of the'cold metal seemed to make Sarah realise the truth. She flung it from her, and flung her apron over her head, and began to sob, while she gasped out— " No, I will never take it; no, not if I were starving. To think that I would ha' give all my savings for one diake of his hand." Jubai flushed,and drew off one of his tightfitting gloves. " Dear me," he said, " if if s a shake-hands you want, I don't object to ^.•Hng bands;" and he held out a band white enough to have done a lady credit, but the girl would not take it. How many have had to suffer a like disappointment: how few are prepared for it beforehand. Ourbrotherorour sister goes away from as for years, to come back again, so the world says. The body returns, perhaps, but the same self never. We have said good-bye to that peisonfor ever. Tet those who stay at home think of the absent day and night daring the long years, and break their heartB when but a ghost of the lost one comes home. Jubai merely did as the world does; only Sarah had never thought out the question. She knew that for years she had lightened his life when he was at home and miserable, that she had during the past week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. Ana now he treated her like a stranger, and did not even shake hands with her. O simple Sarah! withyour good heart, you have made and hidd?u away in the cupboard an applepasty for him; but his tastes have changed, he does not care for apple-pastv now. Fate de foie t/ras is more in his line. Yon may as wel leave the pasty in the cupboard where it is. But people in the Black Country don't cry quietly. They do nothing by halves. Ana Sarah's cry brought Miss Dorcas on the scene, resplendent in a green silk. " Whatever's this disturbance about said that ladv. But her eyes falling on her nephew, she was thunderstruck by his appearance. Conld this handsome figure that might have come out of a gentleman's fashion-book be her nephew ubal f It seemed impossible. " How d'ye do, aunt:" said Jubai, extending the tips of his finger.'. " I think you are too fine for such a house as this," die remarked somewhat cuttingly. "We are not grand enough for such a fine geutlel" Ah," said Jubai, with a mock bow. (Sarah had elipped away into the kitchen.} " It- is not to enjoy myself I have come, but to see the nakedness of the land. Ton see,*' he said, hopinghisfather was somewhere withinhearing, " rve not let my Scripture knowledge rust. But really aunt, you are behind the times down here at Jumley; green isn't in fashion, you know, now—not in Manchester.*' This was a very spiteful thrust, and it went home. " Tou are vary rude, indeed," rejoined Dorcas, feding the glory die out of her green silk nevertheless. "I get the fashion-plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you. Well, David," she said, turning abruptly towards her brother; and a cool family kiss was exchanged. But where was Mrs. Rimmon all th^ time ? Will it be believed she was within hearing, and t did not come to speak to her son? She was If-afraid. He did not seem to have recdved Sthe others well; what would he think of her? Jubai went into the dining-room, not seeing his mother in the dark passage leading into the kitchen. The table was laid for dinner. Jubai looked at everything on the table, while his uncle and his father shook bands. Mr. Rimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to his son, and Jubai decided that he could live without shaking bands with his father; so there was no sort of greeting between them. Juba meant to speak to his father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any stranger; and an occasion came. Jubai sat down on one of the chairs, and got np again directly, looking scornfully at it. " Tou don't mean to say that you've not had the spring of that chair mended yet?" *>« to his father; and that was all. ~ Dinner must come in, and Mrs. Rimmon knew she could delay no longer; so die timidly entered the room, her face nervously working, and her tears ready to fall. Jubai kissed her. and held her from him and looked at her, and kissed her again. " He farce has begud, has it r" said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. " No," said Jubai, standing with his arm round his mother's waist, " it has not - The farce will begin whenthe. minister comes in to tea, and you and father act the loving fajnily before him." When Keziah entered ths room, very pale, and looking paler in her black dress, which she wore for her grandmother, Jnbal could hardly believe it was his sister. The short, cr— black carls were the same as ever, but features appeared to be changed;' they were more pointed—a change due to thinness. She went fust and kissed her nnde David. He pressed her i hand encouragingly, and was much tenderer than ever in his manner towards her... Then Keziah. went bdiind Jubal's chair, and, leaning over, Idssędhis forehead. "Oh, Keaah," exclaimed Jubai, starting, how frightfully cold your lips are !" " Are they?" said with a wan smQe. and. she tookjiierplace at the table, kissing her ^Shierasah^ The door to"pq»;a6»d-Jti flaokbitss .piiy-wrHv ... Ćtop^audpUced iabttlng.' ^SjoSSautrrsva detective?",':: -' ' .'•:' \- Mr.Hackbit looked seyerdy-across at JubaL and remarked with some aspenty that he would rather wear no clothes at all than be dressed uplike a doll, aa Jubil waa. Dorcas Was dtting next . to him. "Tour right under your ear," ehe sfcid, " and yoń look u if you'd been to beJL'in?yonr clothes." . j And you," retorted Hsfkbif., looking critically at his aunt and her get-up, " you look as if you'd just come -out from under glass shade, you do." « OIl, don't let us have any quarrelling," put in David. " What can be the use of that ?" After dinner,' Jnbal announced his intention of taking a stroll. .The mother.would bave liked to have begged him to lemainwith her, but how could dieiictate to tins con who grown intosncha'genUemau-f - Tes, dwW yoorseu to the inhabitants,' was Hackbit'* comment " You'll collect crowd if you go ont" " Tou'V collect abigger crowd than I diall, some day,!' xetoried JubaL . " And really, Hackbit," he aaid, eying -his brother-in-law with a good bit of merriment in hisfaoe, "! wanttolightacigar, andlbdieva I could do it at your nose. Have you been acting the down,.and "forgotten ło waah your faceP" WitttbUhome^hnistka Went out; and Keaah' helped to "dearths table. ^EvBhipU iler wasto ooms to tea. He tad been invited to dinner, but hadmade ane When tea-time came he appeared.- " Xhere.-waa mHtiirkedl^oU&esir.in; DorcaA m»nneriot1n»on^^-^^^: wIddi thatj gentleman could^rJB >a6»urit'4or. He; for his put,appeared to Iiave some fine joke an hu^and laughed to Umadf vithoot Mar evidaitTeaaitm'aevBral times m anen^artri Vand •teadiUn^BolrMi^oloar^vW*^ «"• «TO,«crupalo<ulnlim *łtentian te beczana ajaojsns&rto; tafce Mae interest in Jabd,' " " ? walked along in silence fora considerable distance. At last Miss Dorcas said, snappishly, " Are you going to speak, or not, Silas.-"' Mr, Bimpler gavea snort, end said in a tone of some In ttemesa, " I don't remember the occasion on which I asked you to call me Silas. When I begin to call you Dorcas, you'll have some excuse." The unquenchable sprit of the spinster rose. And if I did call you Silas, bo w many aliens and outcasts would! be glad to have somebody to take them by the hand and call them by -theitlChrii" "Bttt Is ontcast, a: to be neither an alien nor ah you once for all, you must drop ' ' Mr. Bimpler stopped in the pathway. "If yon don't drop it, I won't go another inch with you; eo now you know. And another thing I should like to refer to is your manner of making signs at me before people." " And yoimever take any notice when I do/' interrupted Miss Dorcas, "no matter how important it may be," "And I never will notice. I tell you once for all, I won't have it Do yon think I want all the world to believe we nave a secret understanding together? It was disgusting all the evening to.eee yonr eye fixed on me every time 1 looked your way.". łtĄud this after the way you left me in the Old-f-ark last -night I" .said Dorcas, growing irate in her turn. They were on the same ground now. 'Til leave you here again if you don't mind." "Then you'll leave all that I have to communicate to you." "Idon't care ad-—about your communication." "Tou know you do, or tou wouldn't have taken so much trouble about it all. Well, at any rate, I got tiiepapers you asked me to get oat of Joshua's san." "Where are they?" responded Silas, now interested in a moment, and betrayed into diowingit. He had not expected this. " Well, I waited here, till I was cold and tired, last night, and I lost them: bo there." "You lost them," said Bimpler, horrorstruck. « Tes, and I had them safe enough, when you came first; and you'd have had them if it hadn't been for yonr going off with that foreigner. I heard you deny me to him, and. laugh when he said that I was no chicken. Men are bad enough for anything." _ Bnt Silae had not been listening to her last words. He was absorbed by the thought that the papers were lost. At last he drew a long breath, as if he had forgotten to breathe a few moments, and was making up for it. " Well," he Baid," what a fool I have been." Dorcas was infinitely relieved to find it was not herself he was wvliing a fool. " I might know that a woman was sure to make an ass of herself in business," he added. This somewhat spoQed the soothing effect of the last sentence he had uttered. They had now come to a standstill, both of l them. "Now, I have a warning to give you," said Silas. 11 It is for your own good, not mino. You must be as silent as the grave upon this business.- Do not think of telling anything to spite me, ever; it wonld be no good. Ton've no proof of any kind against me, remember ; and the moment I hear of your doing anything, then I shall begin. And if I ever should, you will wish you had never been born, mind that And from to-night I've donewith you; sodon't get trying to see me or to speak to me. And now we are parting, I'll Bay another thing to you, that I've been thinking all along; and that is this. There's no wickedness you'd Btop at, to get your own ends. You don't mind whom yon betray. But you can't think for the future that you've done it all in the dark. I've seen my share of bad women; but I never came across a worse than you, in reality." Dorcas was literaliv thunderstruck. She could make no reply. Sie could not believeshe was hearing right " And is this true, all that you are saying ?" die said at length. " Tes, it is true," replisd Bimpler. " Then," said she, with a tragic air, " I shall throw myself down one of these old mines." " Don't," said Bimpler, quietly. " It would be quite .lost upon me. I shonld not try to get you out; and! should not go in mourning for you." And Miss Dorcas did not fulfil her threat ' "Andfamreally-to say good-bye to you, Silas?" aaid Dorcas plaintively. "A-n I never to hear the sound of your voice again, the voice that has grown so dear to me P' " Tou'll hear mv voice soon enough, if you interfere with my business. And really I don't think I ever did meet with such a humbug in my whole life. But I tell you, I can see through it; don't try it on with me." " Then I will go home to my desolate hearth," said Miss Dorcas, still in a tragical vein. "Tes, do," said Bimpler. "You'd make anv heirth desolate; and you'd tum any paradise into a howling wilderness." " Very well," returned Dorcas, "I will leave you; and the day may come when I can do you bad tum, andlshaUdo it, never you fear." m I don't fesr," was Bimpler's reply," but I knew it before you told me. ' Tet Dorcas did not move off. " Look here," said Bimpler; "if you think by waiting you'll get me to alter my mind, you're mistaken. 1 shall go not a step farther with yoa, and yon can go home yourself." Dorcasmoved away with great bitterness in her heart. But when she was out of sight, Silas lit match after match, and searched quite fruitlessly as we know he must—for the missing papers. He scarcely expected to findanything in bis search; bat he was very angry, and it sipsd his humour to be searching. He was not done, though he imagined himself to be so. Jubsl had Btrolled after Simpler and his aunt, on pretence of smoking, bat in re- ality hoping to hear what terms they were on, and to find out. anything detrimental to either of them. He heard the quarrel, which amused and gratified him. He also fdt sore what the subject was. But if he had not been sure, bis suspicion would have been confirmed by the sesrch Mr. Bimpler made under his eyes. jubai did not wait to see how this search ended. He preferred to get away while still unobserved... When he gothome—that is, to bis father's house—he found his mother in a violent state of agitation. " What is the matter, mother?" he asked. "Oh, Jubai, somebody has robbed jour father." "Do yoa mean broken into the bank, mother?" . _ , "No, the .safe, here, in the house. Hes nearly frantic." "Was it-money ?•' ^iSa-; papers.' J i ; . . - ' they, -cagft. spatter much, unless ^y'ieSnkn^tes^'seii Jnbal. ' JubaT Bwaggered fintp the room' wherfe bis jsiherwas. tAitSbi.:!: - s ...<'. .">. . '•"-...'-; C 7 " WhatUit'x^RR.teatfV he eaidiaiuiJn- 'ttifferetiftone.' ~ ' 1 . " Papers," cried Mr. Rimmon, quite forgetful for the moment that he and his son were "Isuppose they're notof much consequence," •aid Jubal. ** They are of all consequence," cried his father. "I tell you unlesalcangrun possession of those .papers I'm ruined—ruined—do you' hear, Jabal P—ruined." • "They mast be fanny kinds of papers, I should think," said Jubai. •*'. " Juba-," aaid David, who was as white as Ins brother, " is this a time to talk like that P' " When were they stolen?" Jnbal asked his father. "To-day?" " Oh, no; Tve had the key in my possession all day." '' Lock picked, I suppose, then." •No, the lock has not been picked," said the father, despairingly. 1 Then how do yoa acoount for it?" 1 Yesterday I dropped my key accidentally; it most have been used by someone." .."Well," said Jabal with mock sympathy, "it isn't a pleasant thing to have lost papers that compromise yon. Tou may . never find oat where they are; audit's like a swordhang-. ingo Ter your aead by a hair, isn't it, father F . livery word stabbed Mr. Bimmonl . Who knew their weight so well as he did V "Oh," be śud. taming tobls brother, with'a touch ot very real tiding. * fcqV Uriah I'd sttui to my- Into his dialect in his emotion. . ««JubaL" went on his,fathw,^ithfiudia xeal. ring in bis tone ibat JofaaUim «UrOed, "l'veioot trained you vrell, hearen inoire." " ".Earth krowslt tbOj^ pnt in JubaL : The father took no ncttioe, bnt went on in * _iost aólemn tcoe.' "But you are yonn(t, and need never come 'to be -what i W -TTod've ften heard msqaote 8cripture,JabaL" Z5abo«ei6j»*łd*AdU-j i-.- it-maytatfcs last, anlifa the truest in i&g;&imM; between the brothers; 'And now I've chance-." Half an hour later, when Joshua was alone, be bitterly regretted having exposed himself in this manner, and he would have regretted it still more had he known that the son before whom he bad committed himself had the missing papers at that very moment in his possession, and gloried in it. Joshua had been a hard tyrant to Jnbal when Jubai was a boy, and now that Jubai was independent-of him he showed no disposition to heap coals of fire on his . father's head by'returning good for evil. Had this view of the case been put to Jubai, he would probably have said, so great was his hatred to' his father, that he would have preferred to heap coals of fire under his father's feet and bum him to ashes. The slave makes a terrible slave-driver when his chance comes. His master may have known limits; he knows none. So while Joshua tossed that night upon his pillow in an agony, for the time being, of remorse, his son lay awake, too, for very joy. He had got his father in his power. CHAPTER XLVI.—DEATH BEFORE DIS- BOXOUE. The snow had been falling all the evening, sometimes slightly, sometimes more thickly. It was falling when the different companies went home from the house of Rimmon. When Thomas Hsckbit End Keziah had got outside the house, he said to her— Ton are a very fair actress, Keziah, but I can brat you in acting.'' Keziah turned ner face towards him instinctively, though she could not see him, not to miss what he-ehould say next. "You have kept" your eyes open very well, considering yon were np all last night. But don't yoa think I have, considering that I was up, too? Should you like to know where I was last night, Keziah ?" "No," she replied in a stifled manner. " Bat I shall tell you, whether you wish to hear or not I passed the night in my own garden, Keziah." Keziah could not bear to have it broken to her thns. She would do it herself, and have it over the more quickly. The quiet tone in which he was speaking filled ber with infinite dread. Of course he knew everything. Well, there was no help for it. " Tou may as well say it at ones; you saw us, and you heard everything." " Tes," he echoed, " I saw you, and I heard everything." "xheu, Thomas," ehe said, putting both of her hands on his arm, and forcing him to stop, "you heard me refuse to go. That is better than anything I could have told you, if you heard it." This seemed to lighten her load fcr the moment. At least he had not to take her word for it; he had heard her himself. " I know," she went on with great fervour, "how wrong I have been, I know it myself, if you do not say it; but I at least stopped short, and -," she continued, beginning to cry bitterly," I was so miserable." Keziah had made a Tnf«ifnV«» in using this last 1 expression. Hackbit had been in love with her _ a certain way, perhaps was so still; and it does not smooth a man's temper for his wife to tell him, by way of excuse, that she has been led into seeking the company of another man because he, forsooth, has made her miserable. It was therefore with additional bitterness that he next spoke to her. " Don't try that on with me, Keziah," he said, shaking her off. "Nothing you can say will alter my decision." Then he bad arrived at some decision, Keziah thought, her heart failing her. She did not attempt to imagine what it could be; she knew it must be the worst for her, whatever it was. " It is not last night alone that you have met that man, Keziah. I know all about it, and I've determined that, come what may in consequence—mark my words, come what may— ycu. shall never eater mv house again." The full sense of the words could hardly strike Keziah in a moment Could he mean that Bhe was to have no ehelter that night— that she was to be shut out of house and home, like some vile creature who deserved no better ? As she made no reply, he asked her," Do you understand P' They had walked on, and were now standing before their own house. Tou cannot mean it," she said huskily. I do mean it," he said. " Try to enter, and I will throw you back with my own hand." "Butyoji won't separate me from my babyr" she said, With a sob in her voice. "Tou care for the baby!" be said with a hoarse laugh. Keaah clung to him. " I do, I do," ehe cried. " Let me have him, and I will go away without a word." "And let him starve with you!" sneered Hackbit "Bnt no, you are*not going to starve," he added; " you will know where to go." She would not notice this. "He shall not starve; I would not let him starve." " And so you think I would let him eat that man's bread?" said Hackbit sarcastically. " Oh, I can't make you believe me, if you won't," said Keziah; "it would not be that man's bread; but he should not starve." "Andin any case," went on Hackbit, "do you think I should let my child starve?" "But you would let me starve." " Tou are different, and yoa know, where to go." " I'm his mother," pleaded Keziah faintly. •'We've talked enough," was the reply. "Away with you;" andhe pushed some money into her hand, a few coins. She flung them from her, and the snow covered them. In a flash, it seemed, he was gone, and the door was shut, and she heard it barred. Exdted to frenzy, she fdt like ringing the bell violently, and rebelling against this sudden expulsion; ana die stood and gazed, she conld not have told how long, at the house. At list she was conscious of someone approach- ing her; It was Silas Rimpler. She moved away, and he did not see her. She heard hiai ring the belL She heard the door unbolted. It was opened, and a flood of light shot across the Bnow-covered path. Should she make a sudden bound, and be within that light and warmth, and beg him on her knees to let her remain with ber baby ? No, it could be of no use; nothjnz could be of iy use now. The door was shut, and again she heard the bolts. Still she waited, till at last lights shone out from the windows of her husband's and Mr. Rimphir's bedrooms. Then these lights went out, and all was dark. The snow began to fall faster. Keziah felt she must do something forhezsdf now. But the only thing that suggested itself was to go roond'to the back. cf^the house, through She gotdengate, and 3 oofcjorthe night-nursety light. That.waa.oiit,.- J' "They bdieve I am staying-at mother's fof the night" she'thcught. _ "They little know I am shivering outhćte.-" i' • What -'a -grim' satiri;' it eeeoied.: She. was standing on the spot where, last night, she had listened, with so much hidden longing in her heart, to an' appeal to leave the place. Tonight she could not enter again if she would. She passed out at the garden gate again. She could not stay there, it was clear. Go to her father's die would not No, she must walk on, as;far awayas she could, before morning. She would write to her mother, Bnt tbe rotds were bad, and walking was fliSi^lt -When once outside the gate, she had tamed and thrown some kisses towards the window where the little Leonard was asleep. V At least he will not ill-treat the child," she thought; and that was something. ' She had got a little housekeeping money in ber pocket She could go on a few days till she should get something to do. She trudged patiently along the xoaa, which grew darker. She knew where die was going, and kept her direction; it was to, Wolverhampton. She -knew of a -women there Who kept a reps try office for servants. Shs had got servants for ber. She would go to her, and get a tempora'y lofeiiig while die oould plan what to do. The woman had always seemed kind and pleasant; and this was the only person Keziah oould think of that ahe would be willing to go to. It was a long, weary walk, and Keziah had not made mnoh head way when she was conscious ot being followed. -.She stopped a moment and listened. No'one was following ber. Tet as soon as die began to walk again,Bhe heard the footsteps after her. i , Some iarnaoea were lighting np the way ahead of her, now. She must pass the glow; -•o must the one who following her. It is a feding, that of being followed in the darkness, and only those who have experienced .it .can-know how horrible. Alopg a Black Country xoad this is especially true. There is [rimness about the road, tbs boundaries of •ich an so often black mounds, or dark, gaant wafers; To be followed on «uoh a LjsVuuB than tohe'followed onca. deoeot illilisil williiimffimsiuilinfliiwifflaiwtbeiy^^ ,«ońlIed;-aBait did alarm i-KariahaUthejmore that the footstep* ceased wfaaa slas Bsteiied :to themi' She waUnd ion tcavely,indw*S| she should see who it was when they both t paEs&d; the light of the foundry. I And now she herself was in the full glare, .1 and her ears were deafened by the noise. A 'l thought struck her. " l'erhapi the thing that is following me may wait till I am out of sight before passing;" and she. who had often traversed the rOad before, knew by experience that there were -miles of dark, deserted road ' ~ond this one light. ppDsito the toondry was a tumble-down cottage, one of many such, deserted and left to rain when those who had- Occupied them had migrated. She would hide herself a moment in this place, and perhaps the thine that was folloiringher would pass before'her eyes. Once inside the cottage, she placed herself in the shadow near where a window bad been, but where now not even a frame existed. She could see the road, and Bhc could see the foundry. She moved a little farther, for no particular reason, and something sprang upon her with an unearthly sound. All sensation stopped within her for a moment, and then her heart gave a great thnmp that nearly shook her. She saw what had startled ber, for it was crossing the road now in the light. It was only a homelesB cat that had sought shelter from the inclement weather. Still, the fright had increased -her nervousness greatly. She tried to keep her attention ou the dark road, with a streak of light across it But somehow her gaze was k *-r where the night-work; - .veil H/i.e:- r.r. -jnta'.t iua terrible 'V 'ight. :'. .;!; . at timesby mas-.r.- nparUs, attd not talking that matter, ' ' *. - ; tho hissing ( - : ., • : u .' - ;j . - iron, and th- r . • • seemed to K^i,••..'' ..••>• . demons preparing for some evil deed. Bat now, as she looked, something obstructed the view. It was the figure of a man along ' the road. His face was turned towards the forge, and he seemed puzz!ed, and stood hesitating. At last he walked across a black mound thai separated the forge from the road, and Went towards the great shed under which the men were working. He seemed to be speaking. One man came out of the glare, and he held his ear towards him, and then shook his head and went back. Keziah felt she must move oni now, or be detected. For how did Bhe know that the stranger, whom she believed to be the person who had followed her, might not look next into the ruined cottage ? But no, she conld not move away. He was crossing the road, in the direct stream of light, and his back was in the full light; his face was in shadow. She put her hand against Borne of the brickwork to steady herself, and it came down with a crash. The stranger paused, and then made his way to the cottage. One of the bricks had fallen heavily upon her foot. It was extremely nainful. 1". very thing seemed to be closing in. Tie figure entered by the docrway, and came quite near to her, and then, in what seemed to her an unearthly tone, spoke her name. If she did not cry out, that did not proceed from any great bravery cn her part: it was from inability. Who has not in a thunderstorm waited with bated breath for the next clap and flash ? and if on a lonely Btretch of moor, who lias not trembled inwardly in such a storm, as crash has succeeded crash, and glare, utter darkness ? Keziah's life of the last few hours was such a storm as this, and at this moment her breath was bated for another crash, with poaslble direful consequences. Someone had said, " Keziah," but the voice was one she did not know. In what appeared ages afterwards, a hand travelled towards her, and touched her. Then the same strange voice said, " Don't you know me ? I have come to take care of you." Then the bolt had not descended upon her and struck her. Ibis was her thought at first. But on its heels came another thought lie bolt had descended, and had struck her. She knew who was speaking to her. " How dare you follow me r" she said. " How can you have the cowardice ? And only last night you promised me you would never see me again. You have lied to me : you have lied to me '." she said bitterly, the tears chasing each other rapidly down "her cheeks in the darkness. A groan was theonly reply to this. " why, do you want me to hate you, too V she cried. " If you loved me, you would care for mv reputation." " O h, Keziah," cried her companion in heartbroken tones, " to think you should ever use such words to me! Tou have misunderstood me, quite misunderstood me." " I have understood you perfectly," returned Keziah. " It is you who have not understood me." And she tried to limp away. But the pain in her foot was so great, she was obliged to stop herself. "Keziah, why won't you bslieve me? I said I had come to take care of you, as your father might, or your brother; that is my meaning." "Tes," ehe cried, passionately, "like my father and my brother! you have well spoken, Mv father and my brother would ruin me for their own ends; so would you, or you would never have asked me to leave my husbaud'r rcof last night, and so get me tamed out to night. Tet I was going away, praying for you, and forgiving you. But now you have broken your word and followed me, to take advantage of my miserv, what can I say to you ? If ever there was a moment when you should have kept yourself far from me, it is now." •'Keziah, I would die for you." "Tben why not do a small thing, and keep awav from me?" v " Keziah, that is a greater thing. "Tbenbeamananddothe greater thing, have done wrong, too," 6he said, weeping afresh, " or I might never have come to this. 1 ' "No, it was all hiy fault," said Rupert, gazing with despairing tenderness at her. •' I deserve what has come," said Keziah. " Heaven knows, that is not true," replied Bupert. " It is I and only I, who have been to blame. Keziah, tdt me what tę do, and yon shall see how I will obey you now." " Go back at once to Leamington, if you mean what yoa say; and show the world that I am not with you. That will b3 proving your love for me." " I will do it," he answered, with a sod. " But jou will tell me where you are going At least you will tdt me that i'" " No," said Keziah, sadly: " It is right you should not know that dther." •' What harm could it be for you to tell |me where yoa are?" •• There would be harm." " Tou have some money.-with you-?". ' fi-^efl, I 7 have Tiiim somemc&iey;, KnmPTtiffttWV " "jŁnd wfll joq take -juśt a ^ little from me?, YpuinOTreturivitBomSjlay, ifyou.iike.' 1 • '-" "Dolyou not understand," broke- outSS^ah, •hotly,"thaticanhaveno dealings"%ith you Df any kind? &o; back at onoe; you may evy now have been seen following me." He took off a large scarf that was about his neck.-"Let me give you this, Keziah. Tou are but ill-dad." "How can you!" she cried, despairingly. "Why do you make my way so difficult? "Would you have me found in possession of yonr scarf; Where is your common sense?" •'Oh, God!" cried Bupert, breaking down utterly,and sobbing. ••And am I, who love yoa so, not to be allowed to do the least thing for you, because a cursed villain has robbed yon from me, and ill- treated you, an^ shut bis door upon you!". . "Itcandcinogoodtotalkofthatnow,'*said Keziah. She was about to pass htm. He canght her by the arm, still shaken with sobs, and would not let her pass. She tried to wrench herself free. (to be cbsmnTED.) 