r VlLESSOXS, mrDBABSr. A figure of the present . day is the pale-faoed, lankyf all-shoulder-and- elbow Qfhoolgirl, just entering her teens. Per frocks are in 8 chronic state of TMininnff Mv " ffflsA hfmfi '"—the modem sobstitate for tbe tucks to be let down, which, were tbe bane of the last generation — and between hue faintly-discernible waist and obtrusive waistband there exists avast and hopless gulf. She is tolerably sure to have odd feet end hands. She almost in variably runs to a pink nose, if not to pink eyelids. Usually » she is rather silent. If ' not haunted by the ghosts of Lessons past, she is brooding over the looming shadows of Lessons to come; if not chewing the cud of good or bad marks already received, she ponders deeply over what of these the future may have in store. Away from the desk or the piano she has no real existence. Moreover, as her mind seldom wanders outride the narrow precincts which boond her own .little wodd, she is — unless pos sessed of an exceptionally forcible character — still lees of a listener than a talker. See her at the luncheon table, for instance. At Aft appears ; it is her dinner, and too often her one 6olid meal in the day — bnt it is not hqnest hunger — would it were ! — which prevents her finding -anything worthy of her attention in the conversa tion held by her elders. We will suppose —it is rather a wild supposition, bnt stiff it does sometimes happen that the luncheon taMe: is .the bentre of % reaDy interesting talk on notable topics- we wfllsappoee that it has chanced to become so on an occasion ; does ddr solemn- visaged little wiseacre par an y heed to what is bring eaid ? Not a bit of her.; . It is. sot her business. She has not hem given that conversation to learn ; and dpe -is' Utaltdty averse : towards acquiring knowledge in any .other J form than through the legitimate "" Channel of her -daily tasks. Those she has got to worry through and that is enough for her. -'Enough ? ' . It is a vast deal too much, and that (is :the simple truth about the matter. Tbe poor little head and brain are already fnHy to bom— the intelligence as it woe met and provided for. The girl is bring "taught " everything, and nothing is left for her to learn of herself. Is it likely that she can manifest the slightest desire to Eut forth hand or foot in devising paths on Br own account, 'when she is bring made to march in the regulation step from morn to night along the hard highway She is " being educated " — that is ko say, she has been put into a mortar and is being periled into shape. From that shapeerery haf His film the gristle which the careful cook picks out and thro are away when mincing her beef ; your tzue-bom chef wants none it, aeitter does the parent nor the guardian want any girl-gristle ; they want a nicely mlnced-up young lady, moulded to .p?4- farr,- All cxtraneoos interest., all cariosity aguflsg toe great wodd or its ways, all un orthodox sympstoies, all special yearnings and asp rations, oome under the .bred of "gristle" in the process now being gone through — in toe drone,- drone, drone of " Lessons" from one hour to another. " Lessons, my dears," te cesdin the eye of toe governess, as morning by miming she refls oat of toe dining-- room at the oonclasion of family prayers; and "Lessons, my dears," toe eye annoonore again in toe first pause at the close of toe luncheon-dinner. Meekly toe poor preceptress departs, and meekly follow the littte flock. Ttieg have no digestions to be considered; no pause "for health's or pleasure's sake need be thought of for them. Oh yes ; toey have their drily walk— an hour in the morning, an hour in toe afternoon ; perhaps in toe summer tone they may even stroll outride -again in toe cool of toe evening. But Lessons must be trsL, of course. So eays momma, with calm unconscious air. Tour British matron is eo very unconscious, bo absolutely innocent of oommittrng the very slightest offence against her own flesh and blood, nay, she te so entirely convinced that she is doing the very best she can for them -in every pos sible way, by thus -inmlnating toe -doctrine that " Lessons most be first, of course," that it te almost a hopeless task to endeavour to undeceive her. Lessons must he first— before everything. Well, perhaps not before religion ; but cer tainly before focd, exercise, fresh air, sleep. The drowsy head must be riiakenup from toe pillow at an early hour — long before papa, or or any rider folks in the house are astir; and toe fretful, shivering, starved, and only half -roused schoolgirl has to practise in a room in which, if it be mid winter, a fire has just been lighted, or at other seasons bss not been lit at all ! In some exceptionally careful houses there may be aocorded before toie ordeal a glass of milk — cold and heavy on toe stomaoh at that hour ; but ih. good, warm, nourishing break fast -which should always precede.brain work in the ease of every growing giri, is either delayed until she has accomplished her hour's study, or not given at ril. The mind is gorged— toe body te starved. And so on throughout the day. The parent who considers that during the brief hoots of winter sunshine it te as well to curtail the morning tasks to a single hour or so, and postpone the principal tuition to toe - afternoon, by which tone the sky is apt to 1 cloud over and raw mists to steal over toe face of toe land, has, in toe eyes of her acquaintances who are educationists proper, a very poor idea of developing mental culture. They "wonder at her" — behind backs. They consider she "does not iilo her daughters justice." And one speaker will narrate how many hours a day her dear girls- are closeted with "Fraulrin;" ..d another will cap the recital with toe extra dose administered by her " Mademoiselle ; while the pate, drawn feces and. the round, ' stooping books of toe unfortunate objeete of their tenderness, count for nothing as com pared with Adele'e profioiency in music, or Ethel's fluency in French. The doctor, be knows. He knows the meaning of these listless movements end ; lack- lustre eyes. But of what avail te his knowledge? He may gently hint at the necessity of toe chest expanding and the muscles developing; but he will be met by tos cold rejoinder, "My daughters have, abundance of exercise; they have a hack- board in toe schoolroom; they are not great eaters by nature !" It is bezd In! the teeth of "Lessons, my dears," which te written on every line of the matron's visage, to insist on it that toe slow, formal walk te net . exercise, that the back board te not rest, that healthy hunger »» to be inaugurated — sown, as it were— and te not a genuine product of poor enfeebled sod. ' Now. that the giri iu her teens has much to learn, and that she has arrived At the' age for receiving instruction, no oiie will totev of denying. She ought undoubtedly to get rid of -a certain amount of ignorance through the direct medium of . Bchool- room routine ; but may a word be here put forth to suggest that it te bat a very small portion of. knowledge which- o&n; be deliberately; us it were, injected into' the young, and'toat the real, toe -useful, toe principal lessons they need, ' and by whioh their fatatelives will-lie -guided, are not to be . found -under toe head of " Leseons,-my dears!" A giri ought to be able to think, to observe, to tricot ; bat if she te given no time wherein to exercise these powers, if every day and every hoar is so filled up, so portioned oat, and so settled for her by authority, low is she ever, in homely phrase, to " feel her feet " Her powers -both of snd body -ere under mined by the constant wear and tear of end less tasks. She is and- iooapari- tried Jhr faculties are warped. Intelligence itself, when driven between toe shafts un ceasingly along one beaten track, wiH cease t gaze with any interest elsewhere. Turned loose. upon -a. common full of flowers asff grosses, the tsame becomes straightway . no better than a wilderness. Holidays bring but » .partial benefit. in the aboyB .oases. The . body- may'reoiuwrate itself, hat the mind cannot. . what is the little maid to do j How sha ,-peas toe rime! Shacunnot be: always at play; she wearira oh doing, aqtoingp.jet/ahe'baa no energy for doing-aaything..' JPo, read would be. purest drudgery to draw, to sine,. to c nib vate a single . aaeomplishme&t; wosld afl savour oi i he hated "lesson ' hours. She — - fancy nothing — settle to nothing. Hard-worked and hard-driven aa she has been throughout her young career, she has never been taught one thing, and that te to employ herself; with her it has ever been either " Lessons, my dear,1' or else — idleness. Is there anything to be done ? There if this. Curtail the hours during which schoolroom rule ia all in all. Permit some intervals of real leisure— not enforcing any thing to be done in these. Leave them to be dealt with by their owner herself. Surely she has ft right to own a little of her own life here and there. When not worn out by careless tasks, she will fill them sensibly enough, if she is a sensible child 5 and if not, Bhe will at least fill them as well as you, her guardian, oould do in such a case. Don't take all the " go out of her with endless supervision. She wants to go her own way ana follow her own bent, at times. Consider that the time will 'oome when she will have to do this, and why not prepare and train her for a time? You will not always be at her elbow ; draw away from it once in a while, now. . And as for that eternal " practising, can anything be said to clit. j: moderate this pest? In how few cue there any xe&l; result ; how feware musi' i -as by nature. It may of course be replied to this that even a little musical ability may be useful in after-life, may cultivate the ear, and teach appreciation, if else. Granted, but that is not the point. Enough musical tuition to acquire these can be surely gained without hours and hours spent in drumming scales, and render ing re-rendering difficult passages of 44 pieces" never ftsHaed to delight any mortal ear. It heart ache to see the victim to these gw-v -rough her daily drudirsry, and to know how uftss it is. _ a «T for the hideous folly of eta.-i < " that it eh all be gone through fasting, and at an hour of tb< day when Nature is at her lowest ebb, requiring a fillip instead of a drain, this is a matter which requires stronger language and more eloquent cenunciauon nan urn present writer dares to give. Cxa.Hlnrss Journal. 