A 'Typical' Ghost Story. I ' In the summer of 1881,' said a com positor, 'I was running a paper in ii little backwoods town in Pennsylvania. The paper was not so metropolitan in its make-up but that I was able to do all tho work myself with tho exception of tho printing. Publication days I callcd in tho services of a half-witted fellow, who, under my instruction, had developed into an expert roller. I was the only man within a radius of twenty miles who knew how to set typo, and if I had fallen sick tho papor would not havo como out until I was well again. ' Naturally I am not a superstitious man, but an incident occurred while I had chargc of that paper which I cannot explain, and, until it is explained, I shall bolievo that anything is possible in tho way of ghosts, spooks, wraiths, &c.;' ' It was the morning of Juno 10. I ] had locked up my formes tho night before so that I could begin printing early in the morning. I was pulling tho old lever promptly at 7, and at 9 the local list was in tho post-olRce. Soon after the delivery had begun one of tho merchants of tho hamlet — a very inti mate friend— came into tho office.' ? ' How did you conic to hear of tho death of your brother so soon 1 ' said he. (Thero was no telegraph station within fifteen miles.) ' What do you mean 1 ' said I. ' Mean ? ' said bo. ' You ought to know what is in your own paper. Have you forgotten that you heard this morn ing that your brother was dead ? Havo you forgot'tcii that you set up a notice of it an hour or two ago 1 ' ' Aro you crazy ? ' said I. ' I swear that I do not know what you aro driving at.' ' At this juncture he opened the damp sheet that I had so recently printed and folded, and pointed mo to the following item at the bottom of tho third column of tbe local page : 'John Jones, brother of William Jones, was killed at Peoria, at 5 o'clock this morning.' ' My breath was fairly taken away from me. The merchant was right. Thero was the notice of my brother's death in my own paper, and I had not set it up nor heard of it.' 'You are right, sir,' said I ; but this is the first that I had known of it. If there ever was a mystery this was it.' ' I went over to the forme ; thero was the three line item. The moment I saw the type I was more amazed than ever. It was the type-setting of my brother, who like me, had been bred to the printer's trade, I could tell his work from that of a thousand. He was a marvellously even spacer, and he carried his taste so far that he always put less space after a comma.' ' But how were the lines put in a locked forme ? No item had been taken out. I examined the forme closely. Yes, there was somo more of my brother's work. To gain the space leads had been taken from here and there just as he used to take them. He was a great sticker for good looks in a page, and he was very fastidious as to where he pulled his leads. It struck me right away that the notico of the death would not have been so short, he would have gone into details more, but for the fact that my brother did not wish to remove any of my matter nor any lead which could not be spared.' ' Though utterly sceptical about supernatural visitations, from that moment I believed that my brother's disembodied soul had made its way hundreds of miles, had entered my office in the early dawn, had set up the notice of his death and put it in the forme.' 'Late that afternoon a dispatch camo to the effect that William Jones was killed at Peoria, 111., at 5 o'clock that morning.' 