BISHOP KEI©fiON AND THE METHODISTS. TO THt EDITOK. Sir— In a previous letter 1 pointed ont that aa Bishop Kennion considered the Wesleyans very much, in the light of schismatics ho acted vprv Tiat.iirallv in refRiinincr from attending tllQ centenary celebration or w esiey s aeatn. x1 or this no ono can rightfully blame him. _ The question is whether Bishop Kennion *s vipyv is a oorrectone or not. He expresses an ansiety that ' without bitterness or unkindly expres sions the v/holo question of the relation of the Wesleyan Methodists to the Church (of Eng land ?) could be carefully examined into ;' and belie v« the result would lie that their ' attitude towards them (the Methodists) would be better understood than it is.?I This i3 very commendable, and I think it is open to Bishop Kennion to write She President of the Wealeyan Conference, and sach other Methodist authori ties as- he chooses to meet him at Bishop's Court, or the Cathedral., or anywhere else 'to discuss matters, and I feel sure they would have no scruples about expressing their views in harmony with the conditions mentioned by the Bishop, viz., ' with fairness, with courage, with respect for each other's feelings and . principles,' and 'without bitternes3 or un dndly expressions.' Meanwhile permit me a few thoughts aa a contribution to this 'whole question.' Bishop Kennion lays down as a basal line from which enquiries are to be made, 'tho lines laiil down by John .'Wesley.' Aa Methodistn v:v have no great) objection to this, except when it is not borne in mind that Wesley's own definition of a. Methodist -yas not one who followed Wesley, but 'one who lived according to the inothod laid down in the Bible,' and that heconstantly held himself free to nuike such adaptations in. the work of methodistn as were 'atrreeable to the Holy Scriptures.' He said — 'Ialloivno other rule, whether of faith or -practice, than the Holy Scripture* ; but on scriptural pria ciplt-s I do not thisik it hard to justify what ever I do.' In harmony with this view 1* differed very seriously from tho Church. (-f England. In general Church government ho said — 'I iLhik lie (Bishop StilliugHeet) has unanswerably i-rovcd tluvt neither Christ nor bis A]»stlc3 prescribe iiny paxticnlar form of Church governnienc, and that tlie plea of divine right for diocesan episcopiicy w.-is never heard of in the primitive Chusch.' On the High Churoh dogma of apostolical succes sion he wrote in 17S3: — 'Tho uninterrupted suecea-i'jn 1 know to be a fable wbieh uo man ever did ur cau prove.' On tho su}ireuiaey of Bishop* over Presbyters, lie said : — ' Lord King's .'account of the primitive Church con vinced me many years ~agy tliat Bishops and Presbyters are of tho same iniler, awl con scquvntly i:ave tbe saiiu- right to ordain.' Tu bis brotin-r Charles ho wrote: -{iI Jinnly believe 1 am as scrii-tiiral r/;iVo;i.« (/.-?., Bishop} as n:r-ch as any iiian in J'lngland or liuroj^*.' Acting on ibis lidief hi- ordain- '1 l.'r. Coko as SuporintPudent or Bishop of the American M&thodist; Churcli. ami two Prcsliyters. the ltc-vs. Whatcoat anil Vasi-j\ for the sai-ie livid. Ho ako ordained scor^ of his preachers ia England that they might ailininister ths? aacKiments iu h» nmnerou-i Societies. On tlie question of schism he wrote: — ' I cannot take .«cli3¥in for a separation from :i Church, true or falso, because I cannot find it ever so taken in S-scnpture.'' He believed schism to be separations iu a Church producing feelings of envy and rancour. In regard to 'Wesley's separation from tho Church of England, it is well known that .-MM.1I MK.-t ilt.-^t.L illd UC11L/Cl-ilr^ 1 11 Lt.*.lL l^'ll. -Tl foiiuai and voluntary separation from tins Chin-eh heal ways opposed when it was discussed in confert-jice, as it f reqv.untly was. . NV'esluy's pwition is thus expressed ui the minutes of Conferencv: — ' I fear when the Methodists leave the Church G'od will leave them. But if they are thru3t out of it they will be guiltless. Wesley was frequently urged to leave the Church because of tbo treatment- received and for cogent reasons that were given. In a letter to tlie Kev. Mr. Walker in 1755 he says :— 'I will freely acknowledge that I cannot answer these arguments to uijr own satisfaction, so that my conclusion, which I cannot yet give up — that it is lawful to continue iu the Church— stands, I know uot hww, almo3t with out any premises that are to bear its weight.' Here he concludes that the lawfulness of con tinuing in the Church is at least doubtful to Mmself, though expedient for the present. After referring to the innovations of field preacliing, extempore prayer, forming Societie.s, and employing preachers who v.-ero not epis copally ordained— that he had felt compelled to the practice — lie adds — 'Were wo pushed on this s;!:--. ?vi-rs theru no alternative allowed, we sliyu'u: ,iiuii,'O it our byunden uuiy rathev wholly to separate from tiif» Church .than Iu give* up any one of these points.' After the Binhop fit ' London had cxwiinmunicatod Mr. Gardner for pivai-hiiuj witimut a licence, Wi-rley sajil — 'It is probabk* tliu l-oir.t wiil now hi- dvtenuinf.l l-y tn--- Church. For if wo must cithw di=s(-nt or be silent, ccti'm c.-l (it is dunej. W»: have no time t-- ti-ilk'.'' Within --i fi-w months of Wesley's iSeath ho wroto tt- a l'ishop, »nn pl.-iining that 'tho Meth(KiL-ts fmiud thym selve;i forced either to register, then- iaw:ting liou.-e.s as 'Protestant l.-L-souting' pl.iees of v.on-liip, ur ois« to forego .''.ll tho protection and benefits of tlif: Tolei-ation A-.t.T' He add«, 'SSo your Lordship leave* tlieni o.ily this alternative, ' leave the Chui'eh or starve.* ' To t!.C {:v.:-stion of whether it was not possible there wuuld be a scjiaratiou after hi.- death, Wesley ari.sweml, '? Undoubtedly it 'n. But what- 1 said at t-b1; Ur-it eonfenruv- f'.'ity -«-?:«?* ago, I sSy htill. I dare hot oitilt '!'.'.''ff wh:-.r g'icrtl I can while I live for fe;'.r of evils that n::iy follow when 1 am d-!.id.'' In a jitter to a friend ho refers tu a *' tut il and iuimtdi.-it*- se]iaration'' by saying — ''Suoli a sep:rration 1 have always dwlarwl aguiust, :uid certainly it will not tako place (if ever it does) while I' live. Hut a kind of sniiamtion ha» already t;jkeu place, and will iuovitalily spread through by .-low degrees.' This proved true, for the rules forbidding holding services during Church hour.-; were grwuly modified, ami evtn K-sciuded in 175^, except on CNuii ii urn ion day?, nnd not only had tlioy ti- lvgi.^u-r tlifir Chapels as ''uiy^entuig places of worship,' but iiii.illy Wesley enrolled a 'Deed of Declaration' in tht- ll;f;h Court of Chancery, which g:we ;t legal .--tntu- tu tiieton fereucc, aud ensured to it tli»; u-o nf all tlu propitrtv on belrnlf of the 'jiwiple called Methodists. ' Alluding to this. Wesley «iid, ' You see then in all the iKtina I have taken aixnit'tiiis absolutely necessary deed 1 have been labonriiig not for myself (I. hare no in terest therein) but for the whule body of Methodists, iu order to fix ujion thwn such a foundation as is likely to stand a.-s long its the sun and the moon enduro : that is, if they con tinue to walk by faith, and show forth their faith by their workB, olhmvhe, I pray God to rout out- the memorial of tin.-ui from the earth.' From the above it will be evident that Bishop Kennion is in error when lie speaks of Wesleyans having 'completely (!?_?- mrtcd from the lines laid down by .John Wesley.'' Wo hold the saino views a«- ha held on Church government, Kpiscopaey, and schism, because they were scriptural, practical, and Catholio in their spirit ami operation. Bishop Keanion affirms tliat ho 'likes t-- re- echo tho exiiressions' Archbishop 1'ot-ter used to .John Wesley. It luw eviflesitl? not occurred to Bishop Ivennion that he dois not stand in the same relation to modern ^Iedio distsaa AtxPibishop .Potter «lid to Wc-leyawl his coadjutors, and that there i* considemblit impropriety in stigmatizing as 'irregular' those who have never l-een brouprht into the bondage of Episcopal ' rule,' and arc — to w. Wesley's words — ' now at full liberty siinply to follow the Sfripuvrt-s and the pi-iavitiv© Church.' I i'oncludc by asking prayerful con sideration to Canon Wilbcrforce'a wisa words when he said—' I am convinced in the depths of *my sotil tliat tho direction in v.hith tho Holy Ghost is workiiifr in thi- our day ia against exclusiveness, aud in x\w diwetion of the freest spiritual comrrunion bt».f.vr*-n tln-^« who diifer as to methods, crexls, and defini tions of faith, and no Kn;rli-h Churchman does credit to himself, ur honour to his Church J-y speaking snpei-oiliously of K^ly di-5»ent'T.--, by calling them heretics ami st:h.i-matie-. and refusing to receivo tin; Word of God from their lips, when it is manifest tufty are ilotntc. and doing- well, nearly half the Christian work '-f this country.' I am. Sir, &c;, WKSLKYAN METHOl'IST. 