A JOURNEY ACROSS SIBERIA. Bt JAx s Caxrnaus. FROX vADtvOSTIo TO an DOLOrO. It was a glorious June 'norning when we started, and we were in the highest of spirits. Our tarantases were driven to the door, our luggage adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were off. The yemtshiks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages they could jog along in the doziest fashion. We had scarcely gone half a mile before our fiery steeds, ambitions apparently of out flying the eagles, settled down into quite respectable roadsters, with such a pace as one msees to perfection when paying the cab man by the hour. The tarantas is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is the smallest fault to find with it-that might be said of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth-but the fault beyond all others is that it is without springs, and therefore every part of our economy is sorely bruised when the roads are rough and we travel at night. On fair roads it is not so bad, but on rough roads this de. lectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in his body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, as there is no con venience for carrying it outside, and luggage is not the pleasantest of things to sleep on. The knobs and corners are distinctly in evidence daring the night, as the yemtahiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's end, and fearing robbers. One may have dozed off at last, when a sudden collision with a root or stone will send you flying heavenwards, coming back to earth with a crash, or your taranteas lurches into a rut, and your head is banged against the side, which either dares you rnto meekness or. arouses all the fire and fury of the latent Adam. Nevertheless, so great is the adapt ability of the human frame to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I could sleep very soundly, even under the conditions of a tarantass. Adjust ment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature,, from the local politican to the Siberian tarantaa 1 The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is an altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter de benchlung upon the bay, forest and open I land, the whole giving prumise of settlement in days to comes After a drive of 21 versta -the verst is two-thirds of a mile-we came to a pot station, and I had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay in front of me. The Russian Government has put a network of post routes over the face of the empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating comaunization. The stations are let by contract, the contractor being compelled to: keep "so many troikas~ of osees, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three'horses instead of pairs, as else where. The central borse is between the 1 ahafts, and trot. The other two are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The ontaide horses are trained to c gallop withtheir ecks beat round, the one , looking to d t ?the other to the right, so that as you sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogation. The post I stations on the Siberian route keep from three trikas to 15, and the coet is fixed by the Government at from lY to 3 kopek per vest, or, to put it so that it maybe better .nderstanded of the people I am writing oryu get tle, homes to rry yu a 20 miles for a little under half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses sal driver in any part of Australia at the rate of 2s. Gd. per I2 miles! These are the rates west of Irkutak ; east of that town the price is double., Yet it oalyemplhasies the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australia. writer and speakers, that whilst the difera.e b?twm prices in 1 various conaMres may be imm»ms, the di-. ference in vales my be ry little. The hrsesrjut as well fed es tha in A .e , the drivers the ame, though their food may not be quite as fine. Usdobtedly the Asalian driver has mch .e ofall good things than the Siberian yestahik, I nr anot3ia to r t thsi emus ffereer prie The f?tt Is tre the differeDe i really me of aes amtRs, sad not of actal values. We late our ries ] and seem to I p sig ma amse; but,; because we iiasli rod, it practically rednuces things back t so gig articles with high figareettach to them, whilst the real values remain ento hed. If I sell a ] weeshig me a hat at 20s., sa he charges mae day's work at 20s., we etand just the 1 same as if we had agreed for lOs. or Is., anl in this simple statemsot will be found the solution of many of the facts of the world where low-p?ced labour sakes us either weep with pity at the ad fate of the eouatry, or liftup our eyes to thank God that we Asstralians are sot as thoem sinners in Asia or Europe. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standar of the wll-being of the people. The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pswsr of popula tion, the prodesetivecaperry af the soil, and the industry and moral status of the people. At the second potettion I met a Rusan colonel wh po e Gr fairly well, and was immensely interested when he learned I cams from Australia. He made some very intellignt inqgria about this aned, aad we parted with high profion of esteem. Iater onfonnd oI that the. idea that all R ian eoo an speak another inaguage than their own is an error. Qaite one-half with whom I ease is. contet Doold speak nothing but Rseam, or, at beut, a lew wovrds dFren or Geman. The best lin guist of the wprld, as far as the official and san sper:lws a concerned are an doubtay tih Dutch; te tli Gemans, ?ad after them the. Rulane. When I say the Germas. I asm sot erse buat equal with them a.e the D·esm, N rweruinas 1nd Swdeas; all ot thesre supang fr the Latin ·a ad atI my i no, M t he Americans and Auscralsaus chaper bse the werat geistad the wail lassie of thir dLstion. E Er vrith teneermesr I ,have made about the Dutch ad Germans, its still trs that the Bda ae oroelent linguists, and th rpoonaciatio at any focreg toone i fer sPem?r to msay other Th m y asy s de from the great vaity of e s ia Ohi own g l? agie. 8oes of these a quite aitaibl to a O tart ws in gilorious weather. Inathe afternoon it was overcuast, towards suing it began to drizzle, and about 8 oclock it w mirainig torrents. The whole of the Amsor Pr?ov?es coaet noted feor wst, o l? tha beaclak-- as tchb, sd at let we ot atim og the maddy .mad, ip s5a stum. I a ?we.west Ibiegantr e po .the fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ursl Mountains5 end to ask myself what sort of a jomny ts was liLkly to be if thl 0d6 0 tavafi tLens,. tath f-lon. Trudging wearily on, sa becomigr wetter and more miserable. I bega to ah myself fdrther III was at ma when Ivt vs. aleed to etasba this joury. Ikew .. , i my t.ds had o mm- r of dbt whater·-ty thought I a a mad as Mech here, ad the doubat bega tor.atanymlnietd..a, al, thsyeslrq sdo i ags arep , sp egac to elite, ertoespits Lspn UI ,ti tlea ?miAiae m eout,,,- T ie Ma-n, r ight e s l as ug 5Ipi I a- i tmbih stmp ag ll . \--d uS ..Ca' - n. b.el o ieaal Mb~b;E .m rea eyrIsh m merE plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mud that I would not go back at any cost, but would see it through just to spite the critics A At last the dim lighti of the little town of Rasdolnoi came in smiht, and about half-past 10 we were in shelter for the night. It was a miserable post etation-one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little. rooms, and there were no lce than ten men of us to occupy them. As we had all come off the muddy roads, the condition of the floor may he imagined. I a?lected the least dirty spot I could find, and, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to sleep. It was not the sleep of the righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway rug on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was2lhat I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had been more comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more effec tually than Banquo's ghost. His splutterings and explosions, his small artillery of enortings and heavy cannons of long drawn snorings, exceeded anything I had ever heard in mylife. The other Russins took it all calmly, and then dropped off, though they commented upon it in the morning, but it kept me in a fever of hslpless irritation. What could be done under such circumstances? I could not talk to him, and even if I could, I don't suppose it would have done the lightest good. Itwas the man' misfortune, not his flt. We are searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together : will ome practical lover of his species invent a mach?ne which, when fitted to our ears, shall make as oblivionus of all diagreeable sounds, from snouring to api for loans 1 That would be gesns yoked to benevolence, and there would be a fortune in it. We made a scraggy breakfastthefollowing morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey; and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly watching the country and admiring its beauty. Rolling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river fats of the best soil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote and unknown part of the earth. We ran alongside the River Saifn part of the way, and some of its turns and bends were exceedingly lovely;and from a practical standpoint I should auppose it ill become navigable for a considerable dis tance from its mouth for moderate-sized craft. We psseed over a good deal of country greatly resembling the soail sad rocks of Kyneton, now beginning to be occupied. It was a lovely country, the soil far superior to the average roundelboumrne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day out from Vladivostok, which I asked myself a hundred times before I left] Siberia, what will this country be P The quality of the soil was a revelation, the beauty of the scenery a surprise, and the fact that it has stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Before I have finished these papers I shall try to give an anaaswer as to what Siberia and the Amoor provinces are likely to become. 