CURRE1dNTi TOPiCS INCLUDED in the liet of publications received by the last English mail is an " Occasional Paper," issued by the central committee of the National Society for Women's Suffrage. In this little pamphlet are published amongst other items touch ing upon the movement advanced by the society a number of English press opinions upon the Women's Franchise Bill brought before the House of Commons for discus sion during April last. The Times states the bill " beloues to a class of measures which are a scandal to representative institutions. The admission of women to equal political power with men is a wild experiment from which the most advanced democracies in all ages have shrunk." The Globe says:-" Women's franchise is not a burmnig question, but it is of very much more importance, in respect both of justice and of expediency than many which emulate temporary volcanoes, and to treat it as an intrusion upon the serious business of the country is to virtually admit ignorance of its whole character and bearing." The Pall Mall Gazette describes the agitation as " the great movement which is teaching women to think, and enabling them to act for themselves." Truth says: - "Had the House of Commons had an opportunity to vote upon the proposal, the ladies would have discovered;that the Legislature in as likely to give them votes as to give votea to rabbits, for it would have been defeated by a large majority." The Speaker com ments upon the matter as follows :-" Un fortunately experience has taught all who are concerned in municipal elections that the working of the female franchise.has not been satisfactory. The majority of the ladies who now enjoy a vote in municipal affairs vote as they are told." A VIcroRANo farmer, writing to the Argus on the subject of the existing de pression in that colony, says :-Farming may be said to be in a corner at the present time, and until the corner be turned there can be but little further development, very little increase of traffic on the railways, or very little addition made to the wealth of the colony. Next, as to the secondary or protected industries, started under the most favourable conditions, having a wide field for operation, as well as duties of from 8 to 10 per cent. levied in their favour, which, by successive turns of the screw, have been raised to from 40 to 75 per cent. in addition to which tens of millions of borrowed money have been thrown into the wages fund, from which the protected industries of Melbourne have received the lion's share of benefit to be derived therefrom. What is the state of the ma jority of those industries to-day-are they in a healthy condition? On the contrary, they are weak and hungry as ever, their cry still being, give, give, even prohibition being advocated. If the kine he so lean, after grazing for the last 20 years on the rich pastures of the past, what of the future, wben the grazing ground is drouth struck and bare, when borrowings will be confined to one million per annum instead of three or four millions as in the past? Protection has contributed largely to ex hauat both agriculture and mining-the hens that laid the golden eggs-and is now slowly but surely dying of exhaustion in its turn. Oum London correspondent cabled early in May that an expedition was being organised at Zanzibar for the suppression of the slave trade, and the following from the Home News of May 22 furnishes fur ther information on the same subject:-A caravan of 400 men is being engaged at Zanzibar to start for stations on Lake Tanganyika, for the purpose of carrying out Cardinal Lavigerie's scheme for sup pressing the slave-trade in those parts. Its necessity may be judged from reports received at Marseilles that, in consequence of the ravages of the Arab slave-dealers on the northern shores of the lake, " the country is desolated of men, and now only the remains of villages and the corpses of natives half devoured by wild beasts attest the horrible events that have taken place. Everywhere there are traces of a pro tracted struggle, and though some natives appear to have escaped into the forest, at least 10,000 people apparently have been forced either to leave their homes or have succumbed to the invasion of the Arabs. In the Uganda district the first mission of the Anti-Slavery League has found a home, and has already begun to make itself feared, but its influence would not seem to have extended to Lake Tanganyika." A COMMITTEE meeting of the Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Association was held on Saturday afternoon at the Enfield Hotel; the president (Mr H. Button) in the chair. The report of the judges appointed to decide the merits of essays on " Rotation of Cropping" was read-the judging being by points-which showed that a paper written under the oses de plume of "Tasman" had the largest num ber of points, the second place being filled by one by "Faun," while a third by " Philagris" was next in merit. It was decided to award the prizes in this order. On the envelopes being opened the writer of "Tasman" was found to be Mr Thomas Hoearth, " Faun" turning out to be Mr J. W. Cheek, and "Philagris," whose paper was highly commended, Rev. J. Oberlin Harris, of Christ's College, Hobart. The judges were Messre W. H. D. Archer, 1V. Kirkland, D. Lindeay, and Gen. Rockliff. Offers to publish the three winning papers and any others of sufficient merit were received from The Tasmanian and Tas manian News, and the first will appear this week. Various accounts were passed for payment. Mac H. Wusrrrart, J.P., occupied thae bench at the City Police Court on Satur day morning. The only charge on thse sheet was that against a person for drun kennese. The usual fine was impooed. 'inn following Launceston fanciere have entered exhibits for the Victorian Poultry and Dog Show, which will be hseld in the Exhibition Buildings, Melbourne, next mantis:-Messrs Kerolake, Wallace, and Jowett exhibit in the poultry classes, and Messrs Bosworth and Cato intond sending their Sr. Bernard dog to campets in the open and novice classes for that breed. We believe that aeveral Hobart fanciers are alan exhibiting, so Tasmania will be well represented. Txs usual monthlymneesting of the Binga. roonna Bead Trust was held on July 1, (cyrius our correspondent). Present - Meosrs J. Hocking (chairman), F. W. Kruehka, Jas. White, Thos. Peters, C. Kruebka,and W. H. Fry. Correspondence IFrom N.M. Harrison, u-s draans, on Alborton and New River roads I from Fiogal Road Trust, vs clearing of timber off Matbinna road also, letter from Mr G. 3. Scott. It was decided to hold over Mr Harrisons letter for the present. The ordinary accounts were passed, and the trait oat as a beard of main roads. The overseer' report was read and the following accounts were paused for payment :-Men'. wages, £28 Is 3d; horse hire, £14 2. 4d4 O'Keefe, blacksmith's aenount, l5e Pd; H. Neal, ditto, £2 9s id; Coinmeroial store, £1 7. 3d. The jboard then roes, AT the Bijou Theatre on Saturday evening the Marian Willis Dramatic Com- pony presented the drama" Maria Martin," or" The Murder at the Red Barn," one of the oldest of English sensational pieces, with the blood-stained dagger, the ghost, and the blue fire all thrown in. The plot is founded upon fact, a young girl named Maria Martin having many years ago actually been murdered in a place called the Red Barn, in Kent, England, by a farmer named Michael Corder. The story goes that the -rime was traced home to the murderer through a vision of the deed seen by the aged mother of the hapless girl. Corder was hanged, and his skeleton may to this day be seen in the museum of one of the Kentish towns. On Saturday evening Miss Willis gave a powerful rendering of the title role, and Mr T. F. Keogh gave a vigorous performance of the part of Corder. The remaining characters were sustained by Messrs L. Harcourt, Walter Carle, Jourdain Evremond, Misses Nellie Howard, and Dora Keogh. The remaining portion of the evening's bill comprised the comediettas " American Independence" and "The Silent Woman. To-morrow the company appear at Beacons field in the amusing American comedy, drains "Erma the Elf," and on Wednesday bMiss Willis andecompany appear at the same place in " East Lynne." They return to the Bijou Theatre on Saturday, when " Oliver Twist" will be presented. THE good people of Hamburg were lately very much exercised over the marriage of a cook and a valet. Until quite recently the two were in the employ of a retired military man, Nielsen, a native of Sleswig, and a crotchety bachelor. On his death, instead of leaving his fortune to the "laughing heirs," he divided his 40.000 crowns equally between the two domestics, stipulating only that in case one of them were to marry, his or her 20,000 should eno to the other. The valet and the cook married tit once, and the disappointed heirs "took the law of them" without delay, demanding the 40,000 now that both the domestics had got married. The plea of the two culprits is that on the morning of their marriage the cook gave her 20,000 crowns to the valet, and the valet ceded his to the lady. It remains to be seen whether the Hamburg High Courts of Justice decide in favour of the letter which cilleth, or the spirit which giveth life. THE annual Divine service in contection with the Loyal Bismark No. 1, and Pride of the North No.5, OrangeLodgestook place in the Mechanics' Institute yesterday afternoon. There was a good attendance, and Bro. tbs Rev. H. G. Blachie, of Long ford, preashed an interesting sermon upon the subject-" A bunch ofikeys," his text being Luke xs., 52, Matthes xvi., 19, and Revelations i., 18. A procession, headed by the City Champion Band, will leave the Protestant Hall, Charles-street, at 2 45 1 p.m. ta-day, and parade the principal streets of the city. A tea meeting will be held at the Mechanics' Institute in the evening, followed by a public meeting, at which Bro. the Rev. C. Anthony will pre side, and several ministers and friends will deliver addresses. CAPTAIN J. SHORTT, Government meteorological observer, reports the following rainfall in Tasmania for the week ended July 11 ;-South port, '62 inches; Hobart, '27; Swan sea, 4.48; Apslawn, 1-52; Oatlands, '19; Avoca, '14; Fingal, 65O; Falmouth, 1130; Mathinna, '40; Gould's Country, 1.43; Swan Island, *40; Branxholm, 1100; Low Head, 1064; Launceston, 1.23; Deloraine, r 2,04 ; Scottsdale, 2.16; Emu Bay, 2.20; Waratah, 2.76 1 Circular Head, 3331; Corinna, 8349. FaPao the London publishers, Messrs Macmillan and Co., we have received the English Illustrated Megarine for June. The writers in this number are Frederick Gale, Archibald Forbes, H. Halliday Spurling, E. and R. Prothero, Mary Mather, J. Theodore Bent, Chas. Dumareeq, and F. Marion Crawford, and both illustrations and letterpress are up-to the usual credi table standard. Two lads named John and Albert Kane, aged 17 and nine years respectively, who reside at King's Meadows, were arrested on Saturday night by Detective- Sergeant Brannan and Sergeant White on a charge of breaking into an empty house at the corner of Adelaide and Stewart streets, Windmill Hill, and stealing a quantity of lead and gas fittings. When the boys were arrested the police discovered the property which had been stolen, and which the thieves evidently intended to cut up and sell. Some valuable fittings were found which were not taken from the house named, but no doubt now that the culprits have been arrested the owner will appear to claim them. The case will be brought on for hearing at the City Police Court this morning. THE Victorian Mounted Rifles have been quite the rage in military circles in Eng- land. Respecting their performances at Islington, the House News says :—A great shout of welcome greeted the team of Victorian Mounted Rifles, in their service able uniform of brown kakee, small soft felt wideawakes, and high boots, the band at once striking up the lively tune of "The old brown pants," the regimental march of the Australian visitors. Eight men, under an officer, are supposed to be a scout- ing party. Having reconnoitred their ground, two of the men are placed as videttes, and the others proceed tU hobble their horses and raise the small tents that form part of their regular equipment, to light fires, and cook their meal. One of the videttes rides in with the news that an enemy is approaching, and twoe others at once ride out with him, leaping some hurdles on their way, and open fire upon the foe. In the meantime the party in camp hastily strike and pack tents and kits, take off the hobbles, and while two of the number have charge of the horses, the others, reinforced by thce advanced party who have fallen back by sections, open a hot fire upon the enemy. The work is excellently done. The Aus- tralians, who are mounted on heores from the stables of the 14th Hussars, are as yet unaccustomed to animals whose mouths are very much softer than those of the horses they ride at home, Their seats are easy, however, and they bare the dash and confidence of men uoed to cress-country riding. Subsequently Colonel Price, Lieu tenant W.Bon, and Captain M'Leish, were taken to the Royal box and intro duced to the Duchess of Albany, who received them moot graciously. Competitions at "heads and posts" and lemon cutting followed, ansi some of the Australians seemed to ho very much aufuil at these games, whIelh demand so much keenness of eye and sureness of aim. Private Mawley and Lance-Corporal Martin were exceptionally skilful, and their success was hailed with cheers. It was very evident, indeed, that the audi- ence, from the ground to the boxes, were anxious for the colonists to winn, for when one or two failed to score a hum of ref ret sounded through the hail. A PECULIAR application under the Divorce Act passed by Mr Shiels in a recent session of the Victorian Parliament has been made in the case of Owens v. Owens ix Ireland, The petitioner was Mrs Elizabeth Owens, who is employed as sales woman at one of the leading retail soft goode houses in the city. She stated on affidavit that she was married to her husband, Michael Patrick Owens, at Bath. omines road, Dublin, in February, 1880. One day in August, 1880, a woman called at their house, and denranded money from her husband. She questioned her husband as to who this person was, and discoversd that she was a woman with whom ha had had Improper rolations. That night be left home, and the petitioner had never seen or heard of him since, She same to Victoria two and a half years ago, and now sought to obtain a dissolution of her marriage with her husband on the ground of desertion. She asked for an order that service of the petition and cita- tion upon the respondent should he effected by advertisement in the newepapers, or otherwise as the csurt might direct. His Honor said the application was made under curious circumstances. As far as she knew the petitionor left her husband in Ireland, and came to Australia, and now eshe sought a divorce on the ground of his having deserted her. It was desirable that the good old rule should be adhered to, that both parties to a suit should he heard, and there was no reasonable hope that if substituted service were allowed the respondent would ever hear of the pro- ceedings. He would, however, consider the application. MAJOR CO.rPLON, who was recently ap- pointed district officer for Tasmania in connection with the Salvation Army, and his secretary, Ensign Brane, were accorded a reception at the Army Barracks, on Satur- day. There was a good attendance and the Guards Band gave selections. Three services were held in the Albert Hall, yesterday morning, afternoon, and even- ing, the two latter being crowded. Stirring addresses were given by Major Complin, Ensign Brane, Lieutenant Gore, Band- master and Captain Winter, of the local corps. The collections for the day amounted to 028 10as This evening a farewell meeting to the Guards Band will be held at the barracks. Mas W. D. Gauss, of Newnbam, willlay the foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Chu ch, Invermay, to-morrow afternoon at half- past three. The Rev. (4. T. Heyward will deliver the address, and a number of other minirt rs will take part in the pro- ceedings. The.e will be a collection at the close of the ceremony. MRS WOOLVEN will give her final cookery lesson this afternoon at three o'clock, her subject being " Pickling and preserving." 'To-morrow, at 2.30 p.m., she will address pupils at the Council Chambers, Evan- dale. MADAME PATSY'S first concert in Laun- ceston ivill take place to-morrow evening at the Albert Hall, and included in the pro- gramme are Gluck's " Chb Faro," Knight's " She wore a wreath of roses," and the old favourite Scotch song, "The land o' the leal." Those who desire to hear this cele- brated contralto are reminded that on Wed- nesday she will sing for the last time in Launceston, as she leaves for Melbourne on the following day. THE British Medical Journal has been in- vestigating as to the proportion of convic- tions to the number of licensed public houses in certain parts of England, and the result is somewhat startling. The re- markable fact is brought out that, with one or two exceptions, the greater the number of licences the lower the proportion of convictions for drunkenness. For ex- ample—Cambridgeshire, with the large number of 4 5 licensee per 1000 of the population had only 0 70 of drunken convictions per 1000 souls. The Lorough of Norwich, too, with the still more generous allowance of 604 licenses per 1000, had only 0 43 of drink convictions. Yar- mouth, on the other hand, has the pre- eminently large number of such convic- tions of 506 per 1000, with only 3.6 licenses per 1000 inhabitants. The idea that more reduction of the number of licensed houses would diminish the intoxication of the locality has not, however, as the Cxeter Standard thinks, emanated from the ranks of abatesners. It many places fewer houses have meant larger and more entic- ing gin palaces, with a more varied and larger stock of intoxicant beverages. In this way inteo,, ,rsuce has frequently in creased on the diminution of licences. It should also be borne in mind that the number of drunken commitments varies in different districts with the degree of strict ness with which the Watch Committee administers the law. I WONDER (sayo the " Boudoir Gossip" of the Lady's Pictorial) that none of those who have written and talked so fluently of late about the baccarat case seem to know that it depended upon the Prince of Wales's own wish whbtner or no be figured as a witness in the case. The Heir- apparent to the throne cannot be compelled to accept a subpcona, so that his Royal Highness was a voluntary witness. In a certain case now almost faded from the memory of the general public, the Prince, whose name had been mentioned uneharitably in connection with it, desired to go into the witness- box in order to give a a denial to the current rumours. Neither side called him, and so a special Act of Parliament was passed to enable His Royal Highness to carry out his wish. Msis J. G. SEBEWIN resumes instruction in musis and singing on Friday next. THE luanucOston Girls' Industrial Sohool \- Committio mest at 3130 to-morrow afternoon at the Town Hall. fME W, L. baiTs, teacher of musis, resumes duties on Thursday next. Marvellous Melbourne man greatly im- proved in sanitary condition since Quibell's in fallible disinfectant has been so largely used at the hospitals, railways, publio institutions, hotels, etc., the liquid finding its way into the drains has purified them, There is no disin- f feotant so useful and valuable in the house, s nink rooms, old sores, burns, wound, to kill e inseets, to purify linen, for every healing and I purifying purpose it has no equal, for the bath aIt is cleansing, refreshing, and healthy for children and adults. Ladies speak very highly of it for toilet purposes. In original imparted e bottles, is 1d. HAIruN AND LAW, chemists, 0 or W. HART AND Sow, Launceston. Infallible l for influenza. 