Local and S-eneral 2fews. Confirmatton — Dr Keanion, the Bishop of Adelaide, will hold a Confirmation Service in the Church of England this even ing. Furniture and all descriptions of Goods bought right out for Cash. Sales conducted at low rates. C. C, Brown & Co.. Ellen street, Port Pirie. — [ Advt.) Insolvency Court. — At the Insolvency Court, Adelaide, held on Tuesday last, the final hearing of Mr. Edward Matthiessen came on, and he was awarded a first-class certificate. WlBRABARA FOREST TO THE FORE ? We are pleased to learn that Mr. M. Lynch has been the successful tenderer for 20.000 sleepers to be delivered at the Laura Railway Station. This will provide a large amount of work, both for laborers and teamsters. Large Timber.— During the past week some very large timber has been carted through our town, and from what we can leairn they are for the erection of a jettv at Port Augusta. Something of the size may be gathered from the fact that three of the pieces are a load for six horses. Well done Mr. Kkipert.— At the meet ing of the Chamber of Manufactures, held on Monday last, several reports were received as to the benefit of the Industrial Exhibition, in increasing trade in locally manufactured articles, and in this connection a separate Certificate of Merit was granted to Mr. H. J. Keipert, of this town, for malleable castings. Mr. Keipert has of late enlarged his premises, and every convenience for casting is now to be seen there. Laura Literary Society. — A very enjoyable time was spent at the meeting of this Society on Monday evening last. The programme consisted of recitations and readings, some of which were instructive, and ll of them interesting ; they ranged from grave to gay, and from pathetic to- humorous.. Recitations were contributed by Messrs. F. T. Sabine-J. Seamark, and H. M. Bills : readings by Messrs. G. Weste and E. E. Martin, while two Shakesperian scenes were introduced — ' Brutus and' Casius" and ' Hamlet and the Ghost '' — the former being sustained by Messrs. Norton and Britten, and the latter by Messrs Durston and Norton Settled at Last. — We are pleased to in form our readers, and the friends of Mr. D Goldling that, after five months of worry and anxiety the business. which has called him, away so often of late, in connection with his late fire has at last been settlted, and we learn in. every way satisfactory.. Now this is over we hope Mr. Golding will soon get over the severe strain that he has passed through,, and that we will again see his pleasant face and hear his cheery voice. The buildings now, he says, will be pushed a-head with all possible dispatch, so that the former tenants may get back in their respective places. Great improvements are to be made in the appearance of the shops, and will, when completed, be the finest block of buildings in the town. We must not forget to mention that although the business was not settled until Saturday morning Mr. Golding took the first opportunity to reach his home, which was by the afternoon train to Terowie, and coming on from there by the goods train, which arrived in Gladstone at 2 a.m. on Sunday. Not having acquainted his friends of his returning he had to tramp.- it from Gladstone to Laura, where he- arrived at 4 a.m. Another Crack. — A small crack has made its appearance in the Beetalooi dam. Every care was taken in building this great work to make it solid and enduring,, and when finished it was pronounced to. be as well and truly built as- hands could do it. The crack does not appear to be due to any fault in the structure,, and the supposition is that it was caused by a slight earth shake. It is not serious, and can be repaired ; which we understand is to be done with cement under high pressure. It is to be hoped this will be a success, for it would be a serious thing if this wall was to give away. In reply to a question asked by the Hon. A. Catt in the House on Tuesday last, the Commissioner of Public Works said imme diately the matter came under his notice by a question which Mr. Howe asked last week he saw the Engineer-in-Chief, and he caused a full enquiry to be made into the matter Mr. Jones, tbe Conservator of Water, visited the reservoir last week, and he had returned to town with Mr. Hicks, the resident engineer, the whole matter having been most carefully gone into. He had had a consulta tion with these gentlemen, which lasted a couple of hours, and since coming to the House he had received a report from the Engineer-in Chief, which would be laid on the table as soon as he had perused it- It showed that the recent crack was in an almost corresponding position to that on tne western side which occurred 12 months ago. That one was 99ft. from the western side, and this one was 100ft. from the eastern side, and extended from top to bottom of the dam head. There was no danger of any leakage, and there was no danger to the Stability of the dam itself. A coffer dam would be placed in front of the dam with a view of getting cement into the crack by means of hydraulic power as was done a year ago. Lecture.-On Wednesday evening a lecture was delivered in the Laura Wesleyan. Church by the Rev. W. H. Hanton who took for his theme abstracts from the lectures of Mark Guy Pearse. Mr. J. T. Close occupied the chair,and the proceedings were opened by the choir singing an. anthen. The chairman in introducing the lecturer said he thanked the trustees for putting him in the position, he occupied that evening, and was pleased to. see the number present. ; it also showed the esteem they had for their minister. He knew there was* a pleasant evening in store for all those present, as this lecture was full of pathos and humor. Mrs. J, J.. Stephens then rendered a solo,, after whicii the Rev Mr. Hanton rose and first gave a short, biography of Mr. Pearse's life, then of the crowds he drew in Adelaide, and how the people used to follow him. from, place to place. He then entered into the subject, and gave item after item. with such effect that one would think the original was on ihe platform. The Cornish stories, given in the Cornish brogue caused roars of laughter at times, although each of them had a meaning that could be taken, home and digested.. That of the "Cornish Sceptics Attack ' was especially interesting. Every one went away well pleased with what they had heard, and a longing was created to hear Mr Pearse himself. At the close of the lecture,. Mrs. G. Farmer sang a solo, after which a vote of thanks to the lecturer, and the same to the chairman was porposed and carried in the usual way. The staging of the doxology and the pronouncing-. of the benediction, caused the audience to disperse.. A Serious Railway accident. A serious accident occurred to a cattle train at Blackfellow's Creek on the Great Northern railwav on Saturday last. Tiie train con sisted of two. engines,. two water tanks 34 cattle trucks, and two guard. vans, and out of that number 22. left the rails. The cause of the accident was a flaw in the axle of the front truck, which broke,, and made a terrible smash. A few particulars of the affair may be interesting to our readers so we publish some. The first to find out that any thing was wrong was Edmunds, the guard in the rear van, who tried to put on the break when coming down a declivity near Breakfast-time Creek. He was thrown, against the back of ihe van in his first and. second attempts, but in the third he was successful.. Mr. Lindsay, who. had taken, charge of the cattle at Hergott, was also in. the van, and directly the train stopped they: went to see what was up. They found a heap of broken trucks piled on top of one an- other to a height of f rom 18 to 20ft. Some of the bullocks were wihUud loose,, while others, were pinned uWa, muauin^, and d.yiug. Xiie engincs, freed of tlieir burden,. wer« dlshiug oa at a uirrry rate,, bux wer« soou brougut back. It was dtcukJ that one engine should go into iiuukina to inform Mr Unwiu, uie district foreman, while the other' should s^ay oa the spot.. Jji t|le meantime Mr. LiuUsay ami Nichols, the junior guard walked back 10 Belxaua,. a distance of nine* miles., in me centre ot the train was the oiher guard «m,.and ia. ihis there were four occupiuus. How tiiyy escaped is a. uiysiery yet to- be solved. A truck hit the vaJ knocking it eff its carriage. Oue of. the oc* cupaius- was asleep oa the floor, and as the: bottom, fell out,, or rather that part where, he, was, ku fell through the : juisis ou to, tUe ballast.. Tue other three were carried un in the van— two hangmg. to the dogbjx and.oue lying 011 turn part of the floor iutaci.. AIL escaped absolutely uukurt. and wheCi every .thing came to. a, standstill quickly clamoered ,dowa among dead and live bullocks mid debris. There is noiJiing on the carriages ', except the damaged, ironwork tuai. is any good, so this will zneaa a loss to the coiouy^ ' The number of cattle on. board was 2H), and ?out of this number 75. have beeasobiin tiie Adelaide market at aa average price of ? '£1. 17s.. (id. Messrs^ Eider, Siaitii & Co. have made a claim upon, the Kail-v.a.v. C-».a- missioners for the baiance, the price set upon tlitui being the- amount the others brought at the sale. The Commissioners, state that as -the cattle were carried at tUe owner's- risk they, are nut liable.. Thus Salvation. Army. —We beg to. ac : knowledge the receipt of a pamphlet entitled Socials. Conquests, Triiich. is the annual reponoff ; the social wing of the Siilvatioa Army in Aus~ ' tralia 1890-1. Instances of the work done by : the Rescue Home anil Prison Gate Brigade; throughout the colonies are given,;, also tiie : balance-sheet of each: institution. The , following statistics are- giveu wita regard lo ; the Rescue Home established ia Adelaide - , —Inmates received since opening 28 ;. sent to situations 4; dismissed 2; seat to hos pital* 4 ; left of owa accord 6 ; still in honie 12, meals supplied 1G\95O ; beds supplied 3,650. Concerning the Prison-Gate Brigade the statistics tor the first 10 months are :— ^ Number inmates May 31, 1890, 15, ; received* during the year 142 ; seat to situations 41 ; gent to friends & : sent to hospital I ; died 1 - dismissed 15 ; left of own accord !6 ; ia home, May 31, 1891,15; total 15,7. Meals supplied 19,710 ; beds 6,570. The babiuee sheet of the South Australian social wing fund shows: — Dr. -To donation R.S. Home £106 17s. lOd. ; Prison Gate Brigade £344 12s .- Samaritan Brigade £6 6s. 6d. ; iniuaus labor R.S. Home £5 8s. 3d. ; P.G. Brig.id© £42 I5s. 4d. i sale of produce— P.G. Brigade £21 2s. 5a.; rescue helper*' subscriptions £122 l«s. 7d. ; collectors' contributions £53 16s. 10a. ; enquiry department, contri butions £3 8s. -6d. ; proceeds of demonstra tions anl meetings £255 6s, Id.; donations towards ' Darkest England ' scheme £18 ; loan received £5 ; balance overpaid £152 15s. 9d. ; total £1,137 16s. Id. Cr.— By rents home £63 15s. 5d.; brigade £55 3s. 6d.; furniture and fittings, home £99 8s. 1CM.; j brigade .£176 Os. 9d. ; allowance of officers, home £19 10s.. brigade £56 2s. 6d. ; pro visions home £142 2s. 2d., brigade £198 3s. Sd. ; fuel and light, home £3 5s. 6d.. brigade 18s. 6d. : medicinas, home £1, brigade £2 Is. lid. ; clothing, home 16s. 6i; brigade £5 Os. od. ; postage, stationery, &c;,, home £4 2s. lid., brigade £3 11s. 6d. ; travelling expenses, home £2 14s. 9d., brigade £33 4s. gratuities to inmates £5 19s. 8d. ; sundry, legal, and other expenses £17 14s. 7d. ; pur chases of stock an 1 plant £68 14s. 4d. ; total £959 Us. 3d. Office n-nt £2 os. ; printing, stationery £13 l(!s. 7-L: Samarium expenses £'10 9s. ; enquiry -SSI 3s, 4d. ; rescue li.-lpi-rs* expenses, £12 15s. 8-1. ; contribu tions to central rescue fund JC 40 15s. 3d.; donations to' l)arke«t England ''scheme £17; tv)tal £1.137 l(5s. Id. The funds for the nviinierinnce of the homes are overdrawn, and an effort is being made to raise £300 by the time of the first annual meeting, to be held in the Adelaide Town Hall on Wednesday. August 2(5. At the n.-quest of Major Jeffries, we shall be glad to receive and forward any subscriptions that may be entrusted to us for the furtherance of either of the above objects. 