ITEMS OP NEWS. The Rev Dr M'Cay referred yesterday in the Presbyterian Church to his having, some months since, submitted the resignation of his pastorate to the Presbytery of Sandhurst. He stated that while he had, in accordance with his own desire and with the concurrence of the congrega tion, continued to discharge the duties of the ministry among them up to the present time, be had requested the Presbytery to deal with his resignation on the 18th May, and intimated that the commissioners already appointed by the congregation were expected to attend for the purpose of furnishing any information that might be required in view of future arrange ments. Lieutenant J. H. Dunne, of Castlemaine, has been appointed adjutant of the 4th Vic torian Regiment, vice Captain P. Mungovan, resigned. A change has occurred in the stationmaster- ship of the Maldon station, Sir A. Maine having been appointed to succeed Mr Dewsnap — a popular official — who proceeds to Chiltern. Much-needed improvements are being carried out at the Chewton Cemetery. Well-formed walks have been made to the different grounds, and the expenditure entailed thereby is cer- tainly very judicious on the part of the trustees. The foundation stone of the new Catholic Church (St Brigid's) at Maldon will be laid on Sunday next by the Rev Father Hegarty, of St Kilda. The rev gentleman will also preach the occasional sermon, in the unavoidable absence of the Archbishop. A public meeting, to further discuss the best means of securing an extension and increase of water supply for Maldon, has been called for Wednesday evening in the Shire Hall, by the President, in response to a requisition. At this meeting the Commons question will also be ventilated, : When passing through Gishorne on Friday night, the express train from Melbourne to Castlemaine and Sandhurst dashed through a couple of gates. The engine was thereby disabled, and a fresh locomotive had to be procured to bring on the train, which arrived here over an hour behind time. The branch service trains were correspondingly delayed in consequence of the mishap, which will be in quired into. The football season was commenced at Har- court on Saturday, when the club at that place turned out to do battle with the Castlemaine Juniors. Harcourt was unfortunate in having a short team, while the visitors had their full com plement, in addition to being strengthened by a couple of senior players. Harcourt, however, pluckily stuck to the game, although tbe odds were against them, and after a well-contested match, the score stood — Castlemaine Juniors, 5 goals 9 bebinas ; Harcourt, 4 goals 6 bebinds. The 'Illustrated Australian News' for this month has woodcuts of tbe Australian Naval Squadron, and also sketches of Indian hawkers seen selling wares at one house and being chased with a stockwhip from another. They are also drawn at their home in Little Lonsdale-street at meals, and huddled together sleeping on the floor of a room. These illustrations, together with others founded on colonial episodes, make up a good number for transmission to home friends. The monthly meeting of the Castlemaine District Fruit-growers' Association was held in the Town Hall on Saturday, Mr J. Taylor, the President, occupying the chair. A sample of tbe mussel scale that affects certain fruit trees was received from Mr French, the Govern ment Entomologist, together with directions as to tbe best mode of treatment. It was resolved that at each meeting the members exhibit different varieties of fruit, by way of stimulating greater interest in the association and its ob jects. . The members of tbp Kynetpn Borough Council and the Castlemaine Prospecting Board saw the Secretary for Alines on Friday, in the absence pf the Minister, and urged the necessity of test ing the Kyneton and Lsuriston districts with the diamond drill. It was also suggested that the Government geologist should visit part of the Lauriston district with a view of reporting as to the advisability of canying out additional bor ing. Air Howitt replied that he would submit both requests to the consideration of the Alinis- ter of Alines. A correspondent writes : — A meeting of those interested in forming a football club was held at Aletcalfe and Green Hill recently. It was decided that Aletcalfe and Green Hill unite, and that the name of the club be called the Metcalfe United. Air A. S. Cleverdon was elected President, and Air A. 0. Rowan Vice-president. It was resolved that the member's fee be 2s Gd, also that the colours of the club bo blue. Air H. Christenson was elected Secretary and Treasurer. The following were appointed a Match Committee, viz., H. Christenson, H. Wflson, C. Fraser, C. Robertson and C. Grant. A correspondent writes to the effect that, not withstanding the precautions supposed to be taken to prevent miners and others allowing the tailings from their workings to interfere with the water-way of the various main channels, it is a noticeable fact that the watercourse in the vicinity of Patterson bridge has already an over- supply of gravel and silt in its bed, and what at one time appeared ample space for the water beneath the structure has now silted up con siderably. The attention of the mining inspec tor should be directed to this and other places where the Alining Act in this respect is being ignored, so that property owners in the lower portions of the town may not have occasion for alarm when the winter rain sets in. Probably a move might be advantageously made by the Borough Council in respect to the above- men tioned matter. A marriage was solemnised at Christ Church on Saturday morning by the Rev E. A. Craw ford, when Aliss S. Lane (daughter of Air H. Lane, of this town,) was united to Air S. Welsh, also of Castlemaine. The bride was very nicely costumed in cream cashmere, trimmed with lace, with the customary orange blossom, wreath and veil. Her travelling dress was a pretty grey cashmere, with hat and gloves " en suite." The bridesmaids were Aliss Carrie Lane (sister of the bride) in a gown of cream cashmere, and Miss Welsh (sister of the bridegroom) attired in fawn cashmere, both dresses having a very nice appearance. Mr R. Lane was the groomsman, and the bride was given away by her father. After the wedding breakfast, the guests drove to Chewton, where 1 the nowly-rnarried couple took their departure ; by the afternoon train for Alelbourne, amidst ' hearty good wishes. Mr and Mrs Lane enter tained a large number of guests at their residence in the evening, On Friday morning, in Spring Cove, Afanly, some fishermen caught a thrasher shark 14R long. Air W. A. Johnson, of Auckland, the manager of the Equitable Life Assurance Society, died on Friday on board the steamer Clansman whilst on a voyage from Russell to Auckland. The Trades and labour Council at Sydney- have unanimously agreed "that this' council views with alarm the proposal to colonise the 'islands of the Pacific with exiled Russian Jews, and that a letter be written to the Colonial Secretary with a view to immediate legislation in reference thereto." A resident of Corio-street, Geelong, named Airs Lovenbury, a widow, aged 55 years, was shockingly burned on Friday. She was engaged in some domestic duties at a fire which had been lit in the yard attached to her residence. The whole of her clothing was burnt off her body, and she lies in a critical state in the hospitaL A man named Hugh Irwin was charged at the Corowa Police Court on Friday with assault with intent, the victim being a child under 10 years of age, and the locality the Oil tree railway camp. The accused, who pleaded not guilty, said he was drunk at the time, and knew noth-. ing about it. He was committed for trial to the Albury Quarter Sessions. A party of Lsunceston merchants were quail shooting in the Cressy district on Friday, Air William Wheeler, a farmer of Cressy. being of the party. When getting over a fence the gun of Air J. C. Ferguson went- off, the contents lodging in Air Wheeler's leg, causing death in a few minutes. Air Wheeler leaves a widow and six children. Mr Alexander Bowman, ALL. A., attempted to address his constituents at Windsor (N.S.W.) on Friday night, but was prevented by the dis graceful conduct of a section of tbe gathering. Eggs were thrown about in the hall, and on Mr Bowman driving away stones and eggs were thrown freely after him. The residents' seem to be annoyed at the resumption by the Govern ment of' Ham Common, where an agricultural college has been starred, and they vented their displeasure on Air Bowman. The will of the late Air James Johnston, the senior partner in the Oakbank brewing firm, has been filed at Adelaide. The value of the real and personal estate was sworn at L93,330. The South Australian real estate is set down as worth L17.251, while the.personal estate is put down at L41,904, making a total of L59,155 on which duty will be payable. The estate consists princi- pally of mining shares. Air Johnston took special interest in the Barrier mines, and held Broken Hill shares which are said to have brought him in L50,000 a year in dividends. The director-general of forests in New South Wales is devoting considerable attention to the redgum forests on the Murray River flats. About a quarter of a million of acres between Albury and Moama are well timbered with red- gam, and over nearly the whole area there is a prolific growth of saplings which have sprung up during the past 10 or 12 years. In many places these young trees are so thick in the ground that it is imposssible to ride through the scrub. Tbe saplings are strong, of healthy growth, very straight in the trunk, and have a large extent of branches. _ A man named George Hatherly, 60 years of age, residing at Victoria-parade, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Friday night suffering from a dislocation of the hip. He story told by the injured man is that he was standing on Prince's-bridge on Friday night when he was seized with an epileptic fit and fell across the bridge, with the result that he dropped a distance of 20ft on to the bank level with the railway line. A telegraph boy named James Dempsy states that he saw the injured man place his leg across the balustrade of the bridge, where he remained for a little time, and that he then dropped down. The city coroner, Dr Youl, held an inquest on Friday into tbe circumstances attending the death by drowning of a man who was identified as Charles Stewart, a fireman on board the steamer Solingen. The body was recovered on Wednesday last. It was supposed that the body had only been in the water about 24 hours. Several witnesses at the inquest identified the body as that of Charles Stewart, amongst these being included the brother of the deceased, who was positive as to his identity. A verdict of found drowned was retqtped, and arrangements were made by tbe relatives of the deceased for his interment. Alter the inquest a telegram was received from Captain Peterson, of the Solingen, stating that Charles Stewart was on board the vessel at Sydney. The witnesses, however, who identified the deceased, remain positive that, he is Charles Stewart, qf the Solingen, and one of' them named Thomas Bravey recognises the clothing , also as that of Stewart. An accident, which it is feared will be at tended with fatal consequences, happened in Lower Hawthorn, on Friday afternoon to a lad named William Watson, aged 13, residing with his parents at Albert-street, Brunswick. The lad was engaged as driver of a brick dray in the service of A. Cathway, Rathdown-street, Carl ton. About 3 o'clock he was proceeding with a load of bricks up the Lower Church-street hill, just beyond the Hawthprn-bridge, when it ap pears he was jumping off the dray, and through a mishap fell in front of the wheel! He was pinned to the ground, and though the wheel did not pass completely over him, he is said to have received some terrible injuries internally. On being extricated blood was found to be flowing freely from the unfortunate lad's mouth. Con stable Ryrie took charge of the sufferer, and a gentleman having placed his buggy at tho dis posal of the constable the boy was quickly re moved to the'hospital, being then unconscious. He was detained, his condition being regarded as very serious. The lad died on Saturday. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy has been interviewed at Nice, and asked to state his views upon the present condition of Ireland. He admits that ho is merely an onlooker, but compares himself to the "hurler on the ditch, who sees more of the game than the players." Be thinks that Air Parnell has been guilty of "prodigious blun ders," but that the popular enthusiasm for him now exhibited in Ireland is "for the most part quite reaL" He considers that the Irish party ought not to retain Air Parnell, S3 he had made his return to power odious to men of honour. He declarer that, "rather than accept such a Home Rule Bill as Air Parnell affirms Air Glad stone meditated, he (Sir Charles) would relin quish the hope of present settlement, and be queath the cause to another generation." As to the future, Sir Charles says he is confident Air Parnell will disappear, sooner or later, as be is fighting a purely personal battle, and as the greatest success ho could attain would only ruin the national cause his name, in the end, will, be classed with those of Castlereagh and Keogh. .The Bon Alarche larceny case occupied the at tention of the Perth Police Court on Friday. The Court was crammed, the case being one of the most extraordinary that has boen biard in Perth. Eight girls were charged, each else be ing that of larceny as a servant of underclothing and other wearing apparel under the value of LS. All but two of the accused are very much under age. and several were scarcely more thin chil dren, being only 16 years of age. They ap- peared to be greatly frightened, and evidently felt their position very keenly. During the whole proceedings they cried bitterly. They all pleaded guilty, and the aotual facts were there fore not gone into, but some sensation was caused when in reply to questions put to him by the police magistrate. Mr E. T. Hope, the pro prietor of the establishment and the prosecutor in the case, stated that he paid these girls wages from 30s per month to 25s per week. Four girls were paid at 30s a month. Roughly speaking tbe lowest rate of wages would be Is a day. Air Hope said that he did not beard any of the girls in addition to paying them their wages, which the magistrate arid were loif. The girls were committed' to prison for a fortnight in some crc>and month in other®, Mr Cowan, P.AL, rtsUng tRart they would be released before the expiration of the sentences if they made restitu tion to the amount of the damages assessed agxicWt. thesa, which iu the case of the lower terms sxsciiSsd was fixed at LI, and of the higher at 15, tvice- sher with costs. The amounts were paid by friends of tbe prisoners, and immedia tely atticrsrsids the girls were liberated. A marantic story (writes a Ixmdon correspon dent, under date 27th Alarch) comes from Aus tralia. A woman named Conolly, living in great poverty in the Currabh Mountains, county of iVaterford, has received intimation that a sum of L2700 has been left by her husband, who is only just dead. Thirty years ago, a few days after the birth of a little girl, her husband disap peared, and was never again heard of. A com munication from a Roman Catholic priest resid ing at Brisbane tells the sequel. Conolly worked his way to Australia, went to the gold- fields, amassed the sum of LoOOO in about three years, and was on his way to Alelbourne, when he was attacked by bush-rangers and robbed of every penny that he had in his possession. A ruined man, he returned to the goldfields and went to work again. About two months ago he came to Brisbane, broken in health, but having in his possession a sum of L2700, and upon his death a few days afterwards it was found that he had bequeathed it to his wife, and if she were dead to his daughter. During his 30 years of absence Conolly had never once written to his wife. | The proceedings at the meeting of the Bal larat East Council were very boisterous on Fri- riot? aff-ornAAn nwincr ffi the cifcv DlRVOf _DOfc inviting the town mayor (Cr Gale) and his council to the reception of Sir Henry Parkes and party. Alayor Gale said the conduct of the mayor of the city was an insult to himself and to his councillors, and he would never forgetit. Cr Larter was of opinion that the action of the city was discreditable to all concerned, and Cr Wil liams (usually a grave, quiet councillor) became warm over the alleged insult to the town mayor and councillors in not having been invited to the reception of Sir Henry Parkes in the sister municipality. He added that much had been said about amalgamating the " two Ballarats,' but the discourtesy shown that day had now prevented the possibilty of such taking place. He asked, " Who were these people in Ballarat West? What are their antecedents as public men ? I can tell people who want to know. They have treated us as if we were a worm." Crs M'Kee and Alurphy, ALL. A., said too much was being made of the oversight, the former re marking that as Mayor Gale had that afternoon attended the banquet to Sir Henry Parkes he "pocketed" the insnlt to the Ballarat East Council. The complaint against the city mayor was smaU and paltry, and it was such things that showed the necessity for amalgamating the two municipalities of Bsllarat, and having only one council While Alayor Gale was on his feet replying to the remarks of Cr M'Kee a portion of the costly glass chandelier hanging from the ceiling of the chamber came down with a crash on the table, the pieces of glass, silver work, &c.;, falling in all directions. Cr Murphy rose and said there was too . much " gas " in the place, and that the unseemly proceedings had brought a witch or ghost into the chamber. Further ex cited talk having been indulged in, the next business was proceeded with. 