ANOTHER "DREAM" BY OLIVE ECHREINER. "GOD'S LIGHT ON THE MOUN TAINS." ' And Goi«9id,:Jjet'there-bcliirht. And there was lif»lit," " One by one the clouds lifted, and the dense drooping veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. The -great mountains became risible, clearly defined against the heavens' ethereally faint bine. Eternal snow lay frozen white upon them, and their cold high .peaks seemed very far away. But one wide bar of luminous gold lightened their elopes towards the east ; and in that warm and tender haze the hard snow melted, and the purple -violets opened into bloom. Two dad: figures of men-advanced into the fight. They -had climbed for many hours. bad seen the radiance from, afar, and brothefiy entered it together. They were s they .commn lot and creed, hut brows" grew \?l tike golden glory their wrath. eavy with distrust and " What doest thou hetef „ " The light is mine ! " emd the one. " Nay, fcol," said theoiher, , the light is mine 1" ou best— And the -evil frown deepened andtbey forgot their brotherhood — fought with a mercilesBblind fury inch of that wondrous light rhat theirs ; fought till the violets on the tori . , - — i ,1 .;p ithe torrent of blood tnat waa«hed. But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. AndtheShadow'enamewasDeath. Then those contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering their eyes they fled swiftly; and the Shadow went with them. And their blood sank into the cool, brown earth, and -the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay still upon the moun tains - Two women came into the Light. They were great Queens, brow-bound with gold and burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dragged a fainting feeble creature like a child with wings, an almost dying thing that wept and wailed aloud and shuddered as it came. Reaching the Light, the women paused and faced each other. 14 Loose thou thy hold of Love," said the one-— 44 for lo, we have reached the goal, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the light, both Light and Love ate mine." \- 44 0 traitress !" cried the other. 44 What hast thoa to do with beauty where I am ? I am the mistress of the world ; love is my ser vant, light my heritage. Dispute no more, for love and light are mine 2" And again the shadow felL Then those two rival Queens grew pale and thin, and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. But the winged child remained alone weep ing. And God's Light lay softly on the mountains. »» A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. Bare-headed and with uplifted eyes, he paused and looked and 6tniled. His limbs were very weary, his hands were hard with unrewarded toil ; but, though his face was pale and careworn, it was beautiful. lips parted in a sigh of rapture. 44 This isthe Light !" he said, 41 My God, I thank Thee !" And the winged L'jve, who wept alone, drew near to him and kissed his feet. "0, who art thou?" it questioned him sobbingly. 44 Who art thou that has toiled so far to find the Light, and hast no word of envy on thy lips, but only peace and j praise r" And ihe Stranger smiling, answered, I am known as the Despised and Lonely. In all the world I possess nothing — not even & blessing. Alone I hare been from the first Beginniug— alone I must be to the last End. But I have sought the Light and found it, whorefore I praise the Giver of the Light who hath not suffered me to be dismayed. For I bear the name most hated among men — the name of Truth." And again the Shadow fell. Only it was n%-2nto . drank in the golden Glory, and grew strong. Love dried its childish tears, and afar off there was a sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Light widened on the mountains. This poetical allegory is sent to us by a correspondent as having originally appeared in an old number of an African missionary magazine, now extinct. It was there un signed, but no one who reads it (says our correspondent) can doubt that it is correctly attributed above. If not by Miss Schreiner, it is certainly a very happy attempt in the same style. 