THE GOSSIP’S BOWL. “ If perchance I Shall speak a little jocosely, you will kindly allow me that privilege.” The largo number of capital offencos ■which havo bcoa committed in Victoria of lato is well calculated to make thought ful people pause aud ivondor concerning this strange iucreaso of crime. It is not very' flattering to our amour propre that the hangman should ho in such ovidonco as ho has been recently. The painful fact remains that tlio multiplicity of murders which havo sullied Victoria’s reputation has served to render the grim _ office of Jack Ketch an important institution in our midst. The daily papers roport somo fresh horror almost ovoiy othor day, so that we aro promised no abatement of tho ‘‘ hempen fever.” In tho face of this terrible epidemic of capital crime it is passing strango to observe tho maudlin feeling which is extant in favor of doing away with tho death penalty. Tho com munity is shockod by tho nows of an atrocious murder, aud wax impatient for tho perpetrator being brought to justice, but soon after a favorablo reaction sets in among a largo section of that same com munity, who go completely “ off their heads” and exhibit a feeling of commisera tion for tho murderer Which would be amusing wero it not for tho sorious evil which such unwholesomo eccentncitios aro calculated to bring about. Pope s lines suggest themselves in this con nection— Jefscen too oli"-fanufiar with her face, We first endure, then pity, then embrace. If this sort of thing continues, we shall soon bo reading of murders committed purely out of a morbid dosiro for notoriety. Tho “ insanity” plea appears to bo tho sheet-anchor of those abnormally sym pathetic peoplo, whose very actions go to prove that they aro less sane than their own pet assassin, whom tlioy would savo from the tender mercies of tho public execu tioner. It is somewhat assuring to learn, from tho determined stand takon by tho Executive Council, that this and other equally powerful pleas aro considered altogether “ too thin,” as they must bo to any practical man of tho world possessing tho slightest modicum of penetration. As long as capital punishment is tho law of tho land, it should be carried out. With regard to tho question of insanity, certain authorities dcclaro that wo aro all more or less mad, and it seems to mo that when a man is liomicidally mad, tho best thing to do with him is to shuffle him off and put him out of tho way of gratifying his insano impulso. It would be a mercy to tho maniac, and would afford a sense of security to tho community, who surely aro entitled to some consideration. Tho advocates for the abolition of capital punishment glibly declare that tho death penalty is no deterrent of murder. But that argument is of a rather specious character.' The same mistaken opinion in certain European countries led to tho abolition of the death punishment, but the last condition of those countries proved ■worse than the first. Murders becamo so rife that it becamo necessary, in order to stem the tide of assassination, to re-enact the law of “ a life for a life,” the rc-intro duction of which was marked by a sensible diminution in that class of crime. Cortainly no consequential considerations will deter the commission of murders in moments of passion. Tho ungovernable rage which possesses a man when exorcised hjr Suddenly-aroused jealously _ or other wise soroly provoked, and which moves him to murder or cripple tho object of his fuiy, brooks no consequences of his vengeful act. And generally in such cases the law takes morciful cognisauco, of tho provocation. But wo shudder for the public safety if the death penalty wero abolished,' and . homicido placed on a similar footing with offences of a vonial character by comparison with murder. | Tho burglar and the footpad would bo likely to adopt for their motto “ Dead men toll no tales” in preference to “ Murdei will out,” if the punishment for detected murder happened by any ill- advised enact ment to bo but a year or two more than for housebreaking or robbory. Wo may safely conclude that respect for his own carcase deters many a criminal from playing the part of a cut-throat in ad dition to that of a cut- purse. ‘ ‘ The gibbot keeps the lifted baud in awo.” It would bo a bad day indeed for Victoria were tho operation of the death sentenco to bo suspended, if only for a very brief period. It is reassuring to find, liowovcr, that tho authorities pay scant heed to tho utter ances of thoso misguided sympathisers with criminals who would cheat tho gallows of its legitimate victim, pet and coddle convicted murdorei’s, and after a few years’ pleasant seclusion set thorn at liberty to givo further play to their bloodthirsty instincts. That old maxim is very true which declares that “to do good to the bad is a danger just as groat as to do bad to tho good.” Judicial hanging is no doubt a terribly exomplary expedient; but unfortunately, in tho interests of socioty, the public executioner must be toloratod, together with a num ber of other noccssary evils. Cases of mdocont assault upon womon and children appear to bo increasing to an alarming extent of lato. This is a class of crime which requires to bo dealt with in a trenchant manner. Peoplo who appreciate tho hoinousnoss of such offences clamor loudly for ■ tho general application of tho lash, believing that tho “ cat,” in its admitted severity, acts as an all-sufficient deterrent to those depraved individuals in the shape of men who aro disposed at every opportunity to give their morbid and -uubridlcd passions unrestricted license. But tho caso of tho convict Wilson, executed in Ballarat gaol for an offonco of this sort, would seem to indicate that tho lash had no terrors for him, seoing that ho had previously been flogged for a similar crimo. It would seem true enough that the infliction of tho cat-o’-nine-tails in his case exerted a brutalising influence, for the first thing ho does on being enlarged from gaol after doing his time for criminally assaulting a little child is to rolapse into his brutish way of indulging his lascivious appetito. Now, would it not have been infinitely better to havo hanged that wretch out of tho road at tho outset of his career in this sort of crimo ? It is a hard thing to say, no doubt; but tho pity is that tho necessity should exist for the advocacy of such stringent .punishment. “Desperate diseases need desperate cures.” It appears to mo that the fear of tho gallows will bo tho only effectual deterrent to those filthy satyrs who cumber tho earth with their lecherous presence. What is known as the “card scandal” at home has proved a nice kettle of fish for the blue-blooded magnificoes con nected therewith. Tho Prince of Wales, if ho bo not altogether of a pachyder matous habit, must feol a bit queer wher ho reads the outspoken comments of ar influential press concerning his share ir tho shady business. Ho appears to hav( raised a regular nest of hornets about hi: ears. Tho censorious criticism of a largf section of the “ fourth estate” goes t< provo that the press of England is no enamoured of that pernicious sontimonfc “ that tlio king can do no wrong.” This is by no means the first discreditable escapado of bis Royal Highness. Many years ago—despite the attempts to bush the matter up—thero wore somo news papers sufficiently devoid of toadyism as to expose the Prince, as openly as the delicate (or indelicate) nature oE the chargo would pormit, for his dissolute habits, which, liko chickons, camo .homo to roost. “ Wales” was a young man in thoso days, and had many apologists— peoplo who, anxious to liolp a “ lame princo over a stile, charitably put down His Highness’s vagaries to youthful indiscrotion. Ho doubt, “ it is tbo^failing of youth uot to bo able.to rostraiu its own impotuosity;” but tho Heir Apparent has' not now tho oxcuso of a fiory and impetuous youth, and this latest, blot on the regal escutcheon is all tho more sullying on that account.- If a man is not a bit steady at 50, why, ho nevor will bo. Albert Edward’s conduct certainly shows that ho is unobservant of or indifforont to the revolutionary thoughts that aro engaging tho minds- of tlio masses to-day, and tho great social upheaval which is threatened oven in his own time. Politic considerations alouo should have tended to koop him on good bohaviour. Ho has now been told plainly that his behaviour iuvolvos tho stability of tho monarchy. His royal motlior has been greatly angered by his involvement in this scandal, and we aro told that she lias severely censured her “ big boy.” wlinlnutTm’,. nnnpnra nd grave fears aro entertained as to the result of this discreditable expose. Wo have recently read in English papers of the Prince’s indebtedness causing him to mortgage his properties, and insinu atingly bracketed therewith, a hint that his allowance is hardly sufficient for his position. Tho already ovorburdened taxpayers of Great Britain will doubtless think that thoy have boon “ parting” too much already for tho maintenance in idlo and prodigal luxury of “ Walos” and other scions of royalty. It is pretty certain that tho card scandal disclosures —showing as they do that tho Heir Apparent to tho throne of England is lost to all sense of good taste and of discipline, and utterly insensiblo. to tho doctrino of noblesse oblige—will do much to vendor unhappy and. anxious the closing years of tho Queen, if thoy do not altogether affect her head in such a manner as to necessitate the appointment of a regent. Those acquainted with tho constitutional taints of tho blood-royal, and cognisant of tho workings of heredity, would uot bo surprised to hear of Hor Majesty becoming mentally disordered in an ex tremity like this. Wo aro told somewhere in tho classics “ that tho whole com munity is regulated by tho example of tho kiug.” If thero be" any truth in this tenet, then a patriotic Britisher may well blush for tho condition of tlio subjects whoso conduct is regulated by tho ex arnplo of “ Wales,"’—unless ho alters very much for the better ou his accession and assumption of thoso baubles—the scoptre and crown! So Tallangatta is going to liavo a demonstration in honor of the opening of tho railway. . This determination is only in accordance with tho eternal fit ness of things. Why should not Tallan gatta riso to tho dignity of such an occasion ? Why not, indood 'i Lot us eat, drink and bo merry, oven if we die to-morrow, or got stuck in tho mud on our way homo tho day after! Tho decision authorising tho oxpoudituro of tho ratepayers’ money in this direction was- not come to without a good deal of clamor, j edging by tho published reports of tho meeting of ratepayers to which tho matter was very properly roferred. Thero is no doubt that a number of ratepayers think very feelingly over this demon stration business, somo characterising tho intention of the Council to oxpoud money on “ guzzle” for Melbourne visitors, at a season when all and more than, tlio avail able funds aro required to patch up tho roads, as akin to tho action of “Nero fiddling whilo Home was burning.” Un fortunately, very few meu appear to havo tho courage to attend a public meeting and express thoir opposition to a project; and whore such a man is found, ho should bo commended for having tlio courago of his opinions. Such a one was to bo found at tho recent meeting, but ho appeared to play a lono hand—other mal contents evidently preferring to romain at a distance and growl. Howovor, tho die is cast, and it ’ now romains to carry out tho celebration as graciously as possible. Mombors of Parliament are to bo invited on tho tacit understanding that they will display that quality known as “ Herefordshire kinduoss,” which is equivalent to ono good turn desorviug another; an arrangement which may afford a little consolation to the opponents of tho demonstration. Thero is an old maxim, which declares that “if you lajr anytliiug out on a bad wife or an euomy, that is au expenso; but what is laid out ou a deserving guest and a friond, is so much gained.”- We must trust to tho future to prove tho latter portion of that saying a truism, taking tho fivst part for granted. There’s no doubt about tho wisdom of inviting tho Governor; be cause hundreds of people, who would not otherwise think of coming, will mako it their business to attend in order to feast their oyes upon a real live lord, and ascertain for tliomsolves whether ho cats and drinks liko tho common herd. Wo may therefore expect that whatever money tho Shiro President oxponds in connection with this important celebra tion will return like bread cast upon tho waters. What tiie Polks are Saying at Tallan gatta.—That the manufacture of dress suits ami railway opening- speeches has already coinineueed.—That, where finished, tlio orations are being rehearsed for delivery with “ proper effect.”—That the Governor, in addition to tho banquet me/m, will get his fill of butter and flummery, as a proper MacSycopliantic address is to he prepared for him.—That the district residents arc all agog to see His Excellency.— That somo of our townsmen aro busting to “ kiss his royal hand,” while others will die happy if they succeed in only touching the hem of his garment.—That, after it’s all over, somo peoplo will require larger boots.—That more nuptial knots are about to be tied.—That tho post of dog-officer is in great request, and that thero will be a plethora of candidates.— That this fact suggests the thought that tho district is going to the dogs.—That tho street lamps are still in tho dark future.—That the Wagra ghost has been laid. PASQUIN. 