OVER MANY SEAS; OR, HALF ROUND THE WORLD. [By Mark Antony.] CHAPTER VI. IN THE RED SEA. July 17. We are passing through the Red Sea under a torrid blistering sun, and the lands of the Bible lie all around us. During our passage up the Gulf we were con- tinually in view of the "land of Egypt and the house of bondage" ; and little did we wonder at the eager alacrity of the children of Israel in trusting them- selves to the hungry waves so as to escape from such a country. Let us sincerely trust that they found things better on the other shore, for on that from which they fled there is little to regret. We clustered in little crowds on the deck, and eagerly discussed the great events that had passed and gone in this strange clime yet left their indelible mark on the theological history of the world, and much we marvelled if all those strange and mystic things were true. One of our quartermasters often joined the group of which O'Connor, Bauldy, Ramage, and I formed a part. And the amount of information we occa- sionally had from that veracious tar was beyond value. He was a bluff, honest sailor, with an open countenance and a truthful eye, and bere on his shoulders the weight of many years. There were few countries he had not visited in his wanderings, and no seas that had escaped him ; and, as his memory was something wonderful, he was a great acquisition as company for a long sea voyage. Peter—his name was Peter—was ever ready to im- part information when able to do so, and I am bound to admit I never yet saw him unable. On this occasion he joined our group at the side and was soon giving us a spirited account of our surround- ings. "Yes, lads, yon are the Agypshin shore as ye sees just wanishin' on the port quarter. This are Hasia over the starboard bows, and we are now steamin' over the werry ground where the chariots an' 'osses o' the Agypshin king lie berrit." We were silent, stupefied with awe to ink that we were near the theatre—nay, in the theatre—of such stupendous events. Never before had their solemn import so struck us—their dread, unquestion- able reality. "Yes, the land o' Aygipt, lads, and the 'ouse o' bondage. Jest think o' that. Ye can see the coast even yet," he continued, mounting the bulwarks and pointing a finger towards the darkening land, "but the house o' bondage is all in rooins now. It used to stan' on a hill over there, but after te Israelites moved out they could get no tenant for it, so it went to rack." "What way had the Egypshins sic a spite at the children o' Israel, I wonder?" queried Bauldy. " 'Od ! I've read the story o' it, but I forgit it." "Well, ye see," volunteered Peter, "it's all written out in the Bible 'ow they reckons the dis- poot occurred; but I've been speakin' to folks along yon coast"—he pointed to the land—"as says the Bible wersion is jest out o' it. I don't know myself, ye see," he hastened to assure us, "but it 'pears to me that the folks as lives there an' seed the whole o' the row ought'r know best." "Have you been in conversation with some of those people ?" I asked innocently. "Have I?" He smiled on me indulgently "Well, yes, I ruther think I hev." "But it happened long ago, Peter—thousands of years ago." He doubled up and laughed boisterously, then straightened his face and said "O' coorse it did." "Well, you say you know people who remember it." "I does." "But, but, Peter, you must be mistaken. How could you be—" "Now, for goodness sake, don't make me naff, boy," he interrupted. "Don't you know the folks out there"—he pointed again—" lives right on— right—oh, ever so long ?" I was not aware of it, and said so. "Fact, my boy. Hope you don't think I'd tell a lie on 'em ?" I hastened to re-assure him. "Yes, Tom," he continued, but with more confi- dence in his tones, "there's families out there as lived an' moved and had their bein' wen little Moses wor sprawlin' in that rush basket o' his an' wen King Fairy wor diggin' 'es greasy little knuckles inter the flesh pots o' Egypt. They never dies in that land, an' if ye don't believe me ye hev only to read the age o' old Methuselah, and he was on'y a little kid goin' ter school wen that census wor took." Jan Connors nodded gravely, and admitted "that all was true." "O' coorse it are, my boy ! There isn't a doubt o' it, cos fur why—I tells ye I've lived over there an' I knows 'em." "Whit div thae say aboot the row, then ?" per- sisted Bauldy. "In the guid Buik a' the blame is put on the Egypshins." "Oh, well, ye see," said Peter, hesitatingly, "I'd much ruther say nuthin' about that. Plenty o' folks say the Hisraelites wor to blame, an' plenty more the Agyptshins—I daresay there wor faults on both sides—but, eny case, I've got some good chums among both parties, an' I'd ruther not pass an opinion." "Wonderful man ! Chums among both parties !" We were utterly dumbfounded, and stared at him in open-mouthed awe. Peter continued his remi- niscences. "Last August," he mused, reflectively, " we wor passing this same place, bein' hom'rd bound from Calcutter—yes, just about here—an' the pusser, jist to amoose 'eself, wor throwin' a long line with a hook on it into the water—ye see that bit o' lumpy water ?" "Yes !" we all said, "we do." "Jest in there, then—he had jist thrown his hook an' was lettin' it drag wen all at once he feels a jerk, an' hauls on it, an' the first thing we sees risin out o' that bit o' water was—now, what d'ye think ?" We gasped out that we didn't know. "No, I should'nt fancy ye wud. Well, it wor the watch and chain out o' poor ole King Fairy's pocket, an' his plan o' the battle o' Sennacharib, written on we'lum, both of which things he was known to have had on him the day he led his sodgers into these waters. We tried with grapplin irons for some more relics, but only got the toonics an' helmets o' a few common sodgers an' the handles o' some o' the flesh pots which they had intended to cotch the Hisraelites with. Our capen was fur tryin a while longer, but our hooks got stuck in some o' the canning wheels, and we hed to leave 'em." We opened our mouths a little wider, and drew closer to the veracious Peter, and he coughed and continued : "Aye, there be strange sights aroun' here, an' if t wor a little clearer, I could show ye scores o' drowned Agypshins lyin' on the bottom—ye know it's quite shallow—where they guved up the ghost benaith the surgeon' waters. See yon range o' bare rocks in front o' us ?" We did. "Well, yon's wot we calls the 'Twelve Apostles.' 'Hell gates' some calls 'em, but that's wulgar, an' I never says it. Well, we've got to pass through yon pillars, an' the passage is so narrow an' dangerous that only about one wessel out o' uvery twenty is able to manage it. I've been ship- racked there, lads, jist nine times. Well, I must go! We'll be in the 'narrers' in an hour, and I allus likes to 'ave a few minits in prayer 'fore gettin' into them." "A nice old fellow, this," you will say; and I coincide with you. Old Peter was certainly "great company," and his mendacity was so habitual to him that I believe he was then beginning to de- ceive even himself. He was a good example of a "modern ancient mariner," and we admired, yet feared, him. It is seldom one meets with an indi- vidual thoroughly competent in any of the sciences; but Peter was, in telling lies, thoroughly competent; and that he had elevated it to the dignity of a science, all who knew him are agreed. Needless to say, therefore, that his story of the dangers ahead gave us little concern. An hour before sundown, we steamed into the narrow passage of the "Pillars," and emerged once more into the open sea without injury. The Duke now laid her course for Aden, where we were to take in fresh provisions and 'coil ship,' and the night being calm and beautiful we drifted on into the unknown future light of heart and hopeful. Nothing great in the way of entertainments had been attempted since the rather doubtful dramatic attempt, in which I took such a prominent part; but a whisper had reached me about this time that a gigantic undertaking was on foot, and that something vast would soon be launched in our little world. "What is it? When is it to be? Who? Where? Why ?" &c.; The eager whispers met you on every side and quivered in the grateful breezes. Our curiosity was at length appeased by the appearance one morning of a large, badly printed poster, plas- tered to one of the masts, which made the follow- ing announcement : NOTICE. Tomorrow will be issued the first impression of a new daily journal entitled The Stormy Petrel, and parties desirous of becoming subscribers are requested to attend a meeting to be held at 7 bells to day on the forward hatch. The paper's a purely private venture, and will be conducted on strictly tolerant lines and without respect to party or creed. Roll up and enter your names. Rubber & Type, Proprietors. N.B.—Wanted to apply—a young man of fair literary ability, to edit The Stormy Petrel. We had a most successful meeting at the hour arranged for, and were introduced to the promoters, two genial young Londoners on their way to Aus- tralia to take their proper place in the front ranks of journalism and astonish and revolutionise the southern world. Sixty names were soon down as subscribers, and the money (15s) paid over to the company in advance, after which your humble servant—myself—applied for, and of course got, the editorial chair. In view of the last statement I suppose it will be quite unnecessary to say the success of the new venture was assured. At six next morning our subscribers were duly served with their first copy of the Petrel, and before breakfast it was known all over the ship that a power for good had arisen in their midst. The "editorial" was voted a "stinger." It occupied six inches of space—not bad out of the 10 x 14 area of the infant journal—and was all straight out hitting and from the shoulder. Many a time had my soul been hungry for just such a position as this, and now that is was mine I may perhaps be permitted to remark that I made things "hum." Of course, none of our officers took the paper. Oh, no; not at all. All too high and mighty for that, you know. But they soon learned the folly of such an idea. When the second issue went to press we had the names of the entire kit on our subscribers' Iist and six issues in advance paid up, to boot, as well as a couple of advertisements from the two old "vinegar bottles" offering their services as "ladies' nurses." Perhaps a few extracts from the paper itself will best explain how it managed to effect this mighty change. We will glance first at that incomparable gem "my first leader" :— OUR OWN OPINIONS. To-day opens a new era in the history of this voyage. Up till 4 bells this morning we have been groping along as if we had no title to a position on the vessel, and had come thus far for the sole pur- pose of amusing and making sport for our saloon passengers. Now, however, we are in a position to defy them. The Stormy Petrel has flapped his wings and the bloated ones that batten on our vitals, in the vicinity of the saloon deck, shall find him dashing at their eyes. We are no paupers, and if they say so—which, although we connot certify, yet most firmly believe to be a fact—we hurl back the lie in their teeth, and defy them. Hurrah then for the Petrel ! Keep your eyes on the main deck, my lads, and watch the white-breasters squirm. So much for our first leader. Now for a haphazard look through the coloumns : ITEMS OF INTEREST. Mrs. Jones was safely delivered of a nice baby boy at 2 bells in the morning watch. We learn that the—was very drunk when poor Mr. Jones went for him to attend on his wife. Parties not under- standing the dash can be enlightened at our office. It is rumoured there are a couple of levant- ing bank clerks, and one murderer among our saloon passengers. We say this in all sympathy and to warn the innocent, but feel no surprise at the incident. We expected an advertisement in this impression "for a boy to drap empty bottles over the side." We heard that our worthy Captain was in want of such a one. There is evidently something loose in the work- ing of this vessel. Yesterday, at noon, a large steamer, homeward bound, passed us almost within hailing distance, and not one of our officers, I am credibly informed, was in a condition to read her signals. We have some knowledge of the "code" ourselves, having been reared near the Edinburgh and Glasgow Canal ; and, without wishing to say anything derogatory to our officers, we distinctly affirm the stranger left us under the impression that all hands on our ship were drunk. Her last signal as she bore up on her course was 7-34M. Is this correct, or is it not, Mr.—, and if it is will you have the honesty to tell us what it signifies ? We know. Perhaps, after this warning, the people will see the necessity of sleeping lightly and keep- ing their life-belts handy. ANSWERS TO QUERIES. "Submarine."—My friend, you bear a very sug- gestive name—that is, under present circumstances. No, a captain has no right to get drunk every day when at sea. "Waterfowl."—Let us hope you are. Presently you may find all your swimming powers taxed to their utmost. We decline to give you the informa- tion you ask for. Our duty as a public journalist does not necessitate our dragging all the doctor's hidden enormities to the light. 2. Yes. He has a certificate—such as it is. 3. Generally three-star brandy. "Cryptogram."—You are right my boy. The vessel you saw was the 'Ben Ledi,' and her last signal to us was—"Are you all in the spirit room ?" "Anxious One."—No; the baby has no resem- blance to Jones. "A Constant Reader."—We fancy you want to change your nom de plume, being rather early with it. No one is permitted on the girls' end, only the matrons, when they're drunk. "Rex."—A ship has only two sides—the inside, and the outside. 2. Yes. There is no help for you. Weevils won't hurt you. "Susan."—We are heartily sorry for you, and would counsel you to bear with patience, and kick her on the old shins, every chance you get. The Editor and staff of the Petrel are your devoted champions. 2. Rough on Rats might do. "Junius."—Your verse received and held over— the side. Sorry to say it slipped out of our hand while holding it there. Never mind! We were pressed for space, and those divine lines are now gone where that is no object. You are evidently a poet of no mean order, and at first, we didn't know whether to let you live on till we all went down to- gether, or come straight over, and murder you at once. The wind decided the point for us, this time, but don't try us too much. "Steam."—Oh, yes. The man is certainly an engineer. He used to make paper windmills and sell them to the kids in Ratcliff Highway. That was his last billet ashore. " X.Y.Z."—We fear your profession won't bring you in big profits in Queensland. " Snow Shovel- lers" are not much in demand there. The foregoing is a pretty fair summary of the contents of our new paper, and I have made the above selections so that my indulgent readers of the present day may see what a high-toned organ it was. It became a mighty power in the vessel as the days went past, and before the sixth issue saw the light the Stormy Petrel might have been said to be Captain and part owner of the Duke of West- minster. Our saloon passenger ceased to sneer when they met us on deck, and instead used to lift their hats and bow to us, and our autocratic old captain ended by giving us carte blanche to appear at his table whenever we wanted to. Of course such privileges were not extended to the proprietors. None but the "genius of the pen" could hope for such things, and although my couple of employers didn't half like it, there was nothing for them but to grin and suffer. On the morning we dropped our anchors under Aden's rock-bound coast, our third issue had been delivered, and I was in reality the commander of the Duke. So much for ability and hereditary genius. We lay at the head of the Gulf for two days and nights, and were witnesses of many strange sights, common to that remote and sterile land—a land whose coast scenery ex- ceeds in barren desolation anything I have yet seen on the face of the earth. The harbour lies about 20 miles, I should say, from the mouth of the gulf, and for all that distance the shore on either side shows not one vestige of vegetation ; not a tree, a shrub, nor a blade of grass, but the burnt, red tint of a land accursed and forsaken. As we advance into the forbidding place the shores gradually ap- proach nearer, and yet nearer while the land con- tinues to increase its altitude till it towers over our decks in awsome precipices, rising sheer from the water's edge thousands of feet above us. Dry, sun-scorched, volcanic rocks, rent by gloomy fissures and dark unhallowed caves, a hideous, hot detestable land, and a torrid sun above it. Our anchorage was close in to the battery, right under a mighty lava-scorched precipice, and not a breath of air came to cool our burning brows. Scores of "bumboats" came out to where we lay, filled with nearly,—and in some cases wholly nude—Asiatics, and the noisy clamour of these persistent traders was something awful to hear. Tropical fruits from the interior and ostrich feathers were their staple articles of commerce, but tobacco, cigars, brandy and opium were also to be had in plenty. They are the most degraded-looking, ape-like beings I ever beheld, and shame in its plainest sense is quite unknown to them. We had policemen and whips in plenty to keep them away from the ship too, but they were of very little service to us at Aden. The horrible imps would be on board in spite of us, and the crack of the thong around their naked, greasy bodies had little effect on them. I do not think the vessel was fairly free of them during our stay of 43 hours, and the smell of them hung about us till we were far out in the Indian Ocean. I may state that in no way did it resemble the perfumes of "Araby the blest." While in this place I wrote a couple of powerful leaders in the Petrel on the utter criminality of allowing these wretches to cumber the earth, and I remember now that I advocated the suppression, by suffocation, of the whole race. I have not heard since if my propositions were acted on. Well, I do not like to leave even Aden without saying something in its favour, and, happily, I can do it. We had a splendid moonlight concert there the second night of our stay ; and, as the night happened to be nice and cool, it was really most enjoyable. H.M.S. Tenedos happened to be near us, and her splendid band played to us till a late hour, and the echoes of the music among the mighty rocks was a thing never to be forgotten. Next day when we tripped our anchors and steamed out of the Gulf the smart little dog of war fired three guns as a farewell, and we returned the graceful act with just as many hearty cheers. On the 29th day of July we passed out of the Gulf of Aden, and were soon tossing on the stormy waves of the Indian Ocean. We were about to taste our first real measure of a storm at sea, and even to our inexperienced eyes the indications of its approach were not wanting. When we went on deck the second morning after leaving Aden we gazed on a boundless expanse of wild and troubled sea, with no land in view, and the vessel leaping on through a world of flying foam. All through the day the gale continued to increase, and towards night it was found necessary to secure everything movable on the ship with stout lashings of rope, and, in some cases, chains. The vessel was steaming ahead under staysails only, and her deck was laying at an angle of forty- five degrees, and once more all the miseries of dirty weather began to be visible among the people. The "Uk Huk" Society had once again began to hold their seances at the gunwale ; and to put the climax on matters, about seven in the evening we were all ordered below, and the hatches battened down over us. I thought this course was rather harsh at the time, and went off to write a scathing article about it for next day's Petrel—but, bless you ! as events took place that mighty journal did not appear again for ten days. (To be continued.) The barque Moltke, which left Townsville a few weekB ago for Rockhampton, went ashore during heavy weather upon the Barrier Reef, westward of Cape Bowling Green. The captain and portion of the crew have arrived in Brisbane, and reported that upon leaving the vessel she was half full of water. The railway traffic on Monday was very heavy and severely taxed the official staff. The returns show that some 47,055 passengers were carried over the various lines, as against 31,590 for last year. The Townsville State Orphanage was burned to the ground shortly after noon on Monday. Fortu- nately, nearly all the children belonging to the in- stitution were absent at picnic at the time of the outbreak. Mbntiplav's Pills, for Kidneys and Liver, are a triumph of modern medicine. Do not purge, and cure incipient Bright's disease and all chronic diseases of the liver. Mbntiplat's Blood Elixir is a high-cla3s tonic, purely herbal ; is an invaluable remedy for women undergoing change of life, and invariably cures muscular Rheumatism, Gout, and Diseases of the Skin. They a re the only proprietary medicines sanctioned by the German Government. 3G33 