[?] Sailing Notes. The members of tbe Prince Alfred Yacht Club cele brated the closing of the season last Saturday aiternoon, by entertaining their commodore (Mr. W. M. Maclardy) and vice-commodore (Mr. Ii. S. Harden) at a return luncheon. At. 1.30 p.m. a number of the yachts mustered in Farm Cove in answer to the signal ™ Form Squadron,' flying on the Isea, on board of which was the ' commodore of the day, Dr. F. Milford. Amongrt the yachts taking p&rt; were— lolamhe (W. M. Maclardy), Genevie-e (H. S. Harden), Volunteer (W. P. Smairl), Sao (A. J. Soutar), Thelrua (J. F. Hoare), and Awauui (A. C. Saxton). ' Follow me in line ' was the next signal fo be obeyed, a very good lino being formed. ' Rende vouz at Vaucluse.' replaced the former signal, and, headed by the Isea, a smart run was made for that place, where the steamer Alathea, which conveyed those members ana mends who didnot go down m the yachts, had already been brought to an anr-horage. A sumptuous repast provided by the City Catering Company was then partaken of on board the steamer, to which about 60 sat down, the chair being occupied by Dr. Mil ford, who had cn his right tbe commodore and on his left the vice-commodore. Several appropriate toasts were honoured. The company then went ashore for a ramble, and after being photographed by Mr. W. F. Hall, of Phillip-street, returned to town,' well pleaeed with tbe success of the afternoon's outing. The consolation and final race of the Port Jackson Amateur Sailing Club for boats that have not won a prize of the value of £5 or upwards during the season was sailed on Saturday afternoon last, over the Light ship course, the prizes being— First £4, second £3, and third £1. The entries and handicaps were : — Kegina, 22ft., J. Young, scratch ; Idothea, 24ft., H. Beach, 3 minutes ,- Violet, 22ft., T. Colebrsok. jun., 3 minutes; Esmeralda, 22ft., J. Sharp, 4 minutes; Massilia, 24 It. , P. Roberts, 6 minutes ; Lavinia, 24ft., F. Harrow, 6 minutes ; Iverna, 22ft., R. Toombs, 9 minutes; Rosalind, 22ft., A. Richardson, 9 minutes ; The Ghost, 24ft., M. Foy, 9 minutes ; and Our May, 24ft., C. Btadley, 10 minutes. All but Regina and Lavinia put iu an appearance, the flag beiag lowered at 3.15 p.m. to a very good start Tho wind being well southerly, all cleared Bradley's in the one leg, and the order passing that headland was— Esmeralda, Iverna, Violet, Idothea, Ihe Ghost, Rosalind, Massilia, and Our May. All set balloon jibs for the run to the lightshije, the boats feeling the effect of a strong southerly squall, and giving their crews some trouble. Esmeralda's ballooner got in the water, and stopped ber dead. The positions remained the same to the lightship, the times rounding which were : —Esmeralda, 3b. 53m. 44s. ; Iverna, 3h. 54m. 7s. ; The Ghost, 3h. 54m. 22s. ; Idothea, 3h. 54m. 25s. ; Violet, 3h. 54m. 31s.; Rosalind, 3h. 55 m. 13s.; Massilia, 3h. 55m. 43s. ; and Our May, 3h. 56m. 19s. Esmeralda improved her position on the beat to Shark Island, and Violet came up into second place. The crder rounding . the buoy was :— Esmeralda, Violet, Idothea, Iverna, Rosalind, The Ghost, Massilia, and Our May. Esmeralda and Iverna set equaresails for (he run back to Fort Denison, the former coming to grief and had to be re-set. Idothea's head sail also got in the water. Rounding the Fort, the times were : — Esmeralda, 4h. 32m. 4s. ; Violet, 4h. 34m. 55s. ; Idothea, 4h. 35m. 2s.; Iverna, 4h. 36m. 34s. ; Rosalind and The Ghost, 4h. 36m. o4s. ; then Massilia and Our May. Idothea got too cloee to the fort. Esmeralda increased her lead on the way to Shark Island, and The Ghost passed Rosalind and Iverna. Idothea and Massilia gave up. The positions of the remaining boats were the same throughout the rest of the course, and they finished as follows : — Esmeralda, 5h. 12m. 4s. ; Violet, 5h. 15m. 28s. ; The Ghost, 5h. 16m. 2s. ; Iverna, 5h. 19m. 47s. ; Rosa lind, 5h. 20m. 21s. Thus The Ghost, sailed by Mr. M. Foy, wins on time allowance, Esmeralda taking second place, Iverna third, and Rosalind fourth. The Ghost, having carried a non-member, the matter will have to be considered by the committee at their next meeting. The steamer Midget, with a good number aboard, followed tho race, aud Messrs. Geo. Hellings, A. J. Speers, and T. L. Mulhall fulfilled the duties of starter, umpire, aHd timekeeper respectively. A hurry-scurry race for all boats of the Neutral Bay Amateur Sailing Club, for the president's prize, was sailed on Saturday afternoon last, over the following course : —From Neutral Bay, round the Pile Light in Watson's Bay, passing Clark and Shark Islands on the port hand, back round the Oriont buoy, thmce round Clark Island and back to Neutral Bay. The entries, &o.;, were : — Xarifa, scratch; Sea Breeze, 5 minutes ; Happy Thought and Myee, 22 minutes ; Roma and Ethel, 25 minutes. At 3.15 p.m. the starter, Mr. A. Minnett, eeut the boats away to a very good start. Myee was first across the line, followed by Sea Breeze, Roma, Ethel, Happy Thought, and Xarifa in the order named. On the work to Clark Island Xarifa assumed command, while Sea Breeze, making good weather of it, kept in second place. Happy Thought went to leeward of the Deni son, while others tacked to windward of it At the Pile Light Xarifa had a good lead ~ from Sea Breeze, which she increased on the way to tbe Orient buoy, the times rounding which were — Xarifa, 4h. 26m. 30s. ; Sea Breeze, 4h. 34m. 35s. ; Ethel, 4h. 38m. 7s. ; Happy Thought, 4h. 39m. 6s. ; Myee, 4h. 10m. 16s. ; and Roma, 4h. 44m. 40e. Xarifa increased her lead, and Happy Thought passed Ethel, and they finished as follows : — Xarifa, oh. 3c. 24s ; Sea Breeze, 5b. 18m. 32s. ; Happy Thought, 5b. 24m. 22s. ; Ethel, 5h. 25m. 30s. ; and Myee, 5h. '27m. 45s. Happy Thought thus wins the trophy by 1 minute 2 seconds from Xarifa, the latter taking second place, and Myee third. A race for a sweepstake of £10, being £5 a ride, between the Latona, 22ft, and the Maritana, 20ft., both half -deckers, was sailed last Saturday afternoon. The conditions of the race were that the boats should bo sailed by their respective owners, and that the Latona allow the Maritana 20 minutes over a course from Blue's Point round the buoy off Manly and back to starting place. They were got away well together at 2h. 6m. p.m., the Latona quickly drawing away from her opponent, the wind being moderate from S.S.E. with a flood tide. Passing KirriMlli the Latona had a strong lead, which sbe increased over the rest of the course, passing the flagboat at oh. 46m. 30s., the Maritana following at 6h. 27m., being 20£ minutes out of ber time. The boats were sailed by Messrs, O. Taylor and C. Fay, respectively. A. consolation race for all boats of the Sydney Ama teur Sailing Club that had not won a first prize durirg the season was sailed last Saturday afternoon, for prizes of £9 end £2, being first and second respectively. The conditions of the contest were jib and mainsail only, and limited crews. The boats entered, with their handicaps, were as follows: — Vacuna, 22ft, H. L. Hunt scratch; Triton, 22ft., H. Simmonds, and Curlew, 22ft, H. ii. Pickering, each 2 minutes; N ere us, 20ft P. H. Sullivan, 3 minutes; and Zsnoni, 20ft J. W. Bennett, 4 minutes; the course being a flying start at 3.15 p.m. from a line between the starter's boat and Kirribiili beacon, down to and round the lightship and Sow and Pigs, round Shark Island (outside buoys and marks), thence round the flagboat off Fort Mac quarie, round Fort Denison, and back to the flagboat. Sharp to time the starter lowered his flag as a signal to be off, and the line was crossed in the following order : — Nereus, Curlew, Vacuna, and Zanoni, about half a length separating the fleet. Triton, the other entry, had at this time not put in an appearance. The 'wind blew moderately from about S.S.E., the tide bung flood. On tbe way to Bradley's Head the Vacuna overhauled and passed the Curlew, and was tben in second place and in hot pursuit of the Nereus. When dear of Bradley's the wind came about S.E., and was at times rather equally. Triton passed the starter's boat about 20 minutes late, and soon alter retired. In the meantime the others were bowliiijC' along for the lightship and Sow and Pips, where tbe boats came oil * wind in the following order : — Nereus, 'Vacuus, Curlew, ana Zanani. On the 'work to Sbuk Island the Vacuna quickly overhauled and pawed the Nereu*. Oa tbe port stretch the northern end of Shark Island waa made, a short board being uecetmty to enable the boats to dear the island. Shortly before doing' so, the Curlew, being ou the starboard tick, 'waa fouled 'by the BemerakLa on the port stretch, which, was competing in another race, the collision losing: both some little time. The order rounding Shark Ielflhd was — Vacuna, Nereus, Curlew, and Zanoni. On the lead back to the flagboat Vacuna still retainedthelead, and the boat was jibed round by the 'Vacuna at ? 4h. 33m. 36s., Nereus at 4h. 35m. 15b., Curlew at 4h. 36m. 88s., and Zanoni at 4h. 38m. 42s. Fort Denison was rounded iu the same order, and the flag boat off Fort Macquarie was passed bv the Vacuna at 4h. 46m. Is., Nereus at 4h. 47m. 45s., Curlew at 4h. 48m. 51s., and Zsncmi at 4h. 50m. 62a. Thus the Kerens obtains the first prize by beating the 'Vacuna by 1 minute 16 seconds. Tlie latter, however, secures ihe second prize from the Curlew by 54 seconds, Zanoni being last. Mr. J. tt'Murtrie carried out tho duties of starter and umpire, as usual, most satisfactorily. A consolation race for 10-footers was sailed over a course from 'White Horee Point, round Goat Island, round black buoy at Cockatoo Island, round Goat Island, and back to starter's boat, for club prices of £2 . 2s and £1 Is. The entries were : — Raceland, A. E. Blair ; Neva, K. J. Cameron; Mareelle, E. Doran : Viking, J. Cronin, all scratch ; and Itbea, F. Pontey, 5 minutes. The boats ' wero sent away at 3.20 p.m., the Rhea and Raceland 'being_ first across the line, followed by the Mareelle, Neva, and Viking in the order namnl. Topsails were set before reaching Long nose, and on tbe lead to Goat Island the Raceland assumed the lead, the order rounding being— Ract land, Viking, Mareelle, Rhea, and Neva. Squaresails were set for the run to Longnose, where tbey were taken in, the Raceland having increased her lead to the boat, .while fhe Neva obtained second place. The order of rounding was — Baceland, Neva, Mareelle, Viking, and Khea ; the Mareelle passed the Neva, otherwise the order round Goat Island and( to the 'finish was unchanged ; the Raceland finishing'3 minutes 36 seconds ahead of the Mareelle, 14 seconds separating tbe Mareelle, Neva, Viking, and Khea.' Thus the Rhea wins the first prize on time allowance by 1 minute 10 seconds, and was Bailed by T. Prout ; the Raceland secured second prize, withG. Holmes at the tiller. Mr. A. Holmes was starter and umpire, and gave every satisfaction. 