UEONAUD LINDSAY; THE STORY OF A. BUCCANEER. BT ANGUS B. BEACH. Chaptjeb XXIV. — (OoiranroED.} At 10 o'clock exactly I took my way ever the sandy- beach to Peralta's hat, which, etood a little apart from the other buildings,, towards the landward extremity of the lanchisra. As' I plodded along, sometimes tripping over mounds of oysters ; sometimes stopping' to look to seaward, where all the lights of the pearl squadron glimmered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, I suddenly heard a loud outcry, in which I could dis tinguish the yells of an Indian, and the gran voices of Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from the clash of arms, were soldiers. In a minute or two I saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, some of them carrying lanterns, which gleamed on drawn swords and bayonets. The men bearing them disappeared through the principal gate of the fort, and then the Indians, who were left out ride, raised the most pitiable cries and howls, ?until they were threatened hj the sentries, and told they would be fired upon if they did not disperse. As I was somewhat late, I did not stop to inquire into the cause of the tumult, but I judged that it was probably eccasioned by the arrest of an Indian who Lad committed some crime ; perhaps, as was very common, stolen or secreted a valuable pearl. However, 1 did not think much of the matter, and soon arrived at Feralta's hut. It was a larg-e house as compared with most of its neighbours, fenced all around with walls formed of double lines of strong tough stakes, the space between them being filled up with stones gathered apparently from the sea beach. On knocking, I was admitted by Peralta himself, who led the way into a small room, with walls roughly built of -wood and stone, through which the starlight was shining at many cracks and crevices, and mingling with the smoky glimmer of a great brass lamp. The place contained but the most ordinary sort of furniture — a hammock hung in a corner, an oiled bag for holding clothes, a table, and two or three small chairs, or rather large stools. The table, however, was laid out for supper, and showed a capital repast of fish, flesh, and fowl ; while a couple of flasks, with slim necks, and all cob-webbed and begrimed, as though they had Jong lain deep in a well-stocked cellar, made a curious contrast to the cracked crockery and wooden platters, and hacked and broken knives and forks which lay beside 'Bum *l You see,' quoth Peralta, ' that, though I may have dealings with kings, I don't by any means lire in a palace. There are idle vanities and substantial vanities, my friend. Diamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, brocades and velvets are of the former class ; Bat good meats to eat, and good wines to 4nok, are of the latter. Now you see I am an admirer of tho substantial vanities. I vve to feed upon the daintiest morsel, though. it be picked up with a broken one- pronged fork, and I love to drink the choicest vintage of Rhine or Rhone, without at all caring 'whether I put my lips to a golden cup which Benvenuto hath wrought, or to a calabash which Quako hath scooped before supper.' So saying, the pearl merchant started the ?eork from one of the flasks, and I tasted certainly the most delicious draught which ever tingled on my palate. ' Ha 2' quoth my entertainer, as I held out the empty cup to be refilled, 'you find that better than even the most skilful compound of rye brandy and bilge water. Cest bien afore— you have a palate which I grieve to eay many gentlemen of your kind and profession possess not, preferring the hot strong drinks of Jamaica, and Tortugas . taverns, even, to such adorable nectar as this. Why, man, hold out thy glass again, tfce grand Louis himself cannot fish up a choicer flask from, the most sacred crypt be afeath the marble pavements of Versailles.' Talking in this way — relating to me strange anecdotes touching great generals and statesmen, and even kings, with whom my host, to believe his words, had held familiar converse, and the moral of all these stories being, that the generals and statesmen and kings in qnestion were as stupid, and as easily to be erulled and laughed at as mere ordinary mortals — the supper and one of the wine flasks were soon -despatched. Then, placing the fragments in a corner, Peralta produced a sort of purse or fcag of filagree workmanship, in bright fdlver, and which seemed to be the only thing of price in his dwelling — always excepting the Bleats and wines — and taking from it some tobacco of most delicate savour, we began to smoke and discuss the second bottle, which was of a different kind from the first, the wine being of a deep rich red tinge, and coming-, as he told me, from Dijon in Bur gundy. White we sat thus, my entertainer took almost all the conversation te himself. He spoke of things new and strange to xoJe : of the crown jewels of mighty poten tates pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling in the filthy back lanes of the cities of Europe — in the Jewry of London, the Juden strasse of Frankfort, and the Ghetto of Some. ' And your brave Christian goes past, stopping his noBe for the savours of fish fried in oil, and elbowing and jostling the hook nosed, shabby old men who make way, with many a 'Give you good e'en, my lerd;' and ' Faugh ! * says he, 'these stinking unbelievers ; why be they not packed kodily off to their holy city again '—and so passes he by, to kneel, and cringe, and kiss thekine'e hand ; while all the time — ha ! ha 2 ha!— that very king is thinking and ponder ing in his small mind how best he can squeeze the next subsidy out of his faithful efties and towns, and 80 release the brightest jgwelin the regalia, now held in pawn by old Isaac, or old Jacob, or old Abraham, the ?very dirtiest, raggedest, yellowest-skinned and hookedest-nosed of the whole brother fcbod— ha ! ha ! ha !' The pearl merchant said this with so much gusto, and laughed with so much glee, that I began to think he must be one of the fraternity Mtnseif. He seemed to divine my thoughts, for, as if I had spoken them, he, as it were, replied — ' No, no, no ! Senor Buccaneer, although I have muoh traffic with the seed of Abraham, I am none of their kindred ; were I such, I would be wiser than to come here to live in a .sty on this scorching coast, driving hard bargains tor sick oysters.' My entertainer then went on with his stories of European courts, and I was listen ing with open mouth, as he told, with many A quip and many a sneer, how, under the guidance of one Chifnnch, he had one night passed up the back stairs at Whitehall to hold ? secret interview with Louise de Querailles, once Duchess of Portsmouth, touching cer tain jewels which it was convenient to raise money upon until there should come a re mittance from the court of Versailles, through 3£onsigneur Barillon, the ambassador of iSouiB ; when all at once there came a loud rap, accompanied by a shrill whistle, at the door. Peralta started quickly up, but with out appearing at all discomposed, and open ing the door with speed, a handsome fellow, ? mulatto, dressed like a sailor, bounded in. exclaiming at the same moment, in a loud whisper: ' Juan and Blanco are both detected ! ' Then, seeing me, he stopped as suddenly «S though he had been shot; but Peralta -speedily reassured him. ' Go on, man ; go on. He who srandeth there is my friend ; he is one of us ; go on. Have they confessed? ' ?« All,' replied the mulatto. ' They first told the truth, and. then a great deal more than the truth, in hopes the better to save their necks. I squeezed in with them into the fort, and heard it all. The soldiers are ?coming. I heard the order given.' Peralta Btood stall for a moment, and then «tdd hurriedly, ' Doth it blow?' The mulatto replied, that there was a light »S only, from the eastward. ,**Witb. the tide two hours on the ebb. T&at; will do wall. Disco is on board die I fSragnar' ... . _The mulatto nodded eagerly. Peralta I Harped to me — '* I suppose,' quoth he, ' you I kaye n» objection to make a start of it thia [7.. (40) 'None, -none, I replied,' wondering with my whole soul at the meaning of this strange scene. ' Follow me, then, and do as I do,' re plied Peralta. _ He swallowed his last cup of wine, and smiled when he saw me copying his example to the letter. Then/ blowing the lamp out, we all three salHed forth into the night, walking quickly but cautiously amongst the scattered huts. I new that it was no time for questions, eo put none, though I was almost bursting with curiosity. In a minute or two we heard the measured tramp of soldiers advancing, and presently the clash of their arms and the gleam of their amps burst forth together as they marched round the corner of a small street, fol lowed by a great many Indians. There was a hollow place close ' by ;where he stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either side. Into this Peralta sank suddenly, flinging himself flat upon the ground, while the mulatto and I followed his example. In a minute the soldiers marched by, with their attendant ront of Ttii1i!iti« gabbling and chattering very eagerly. ' Now,' quoth Peralta, ' for the beach, and make as little noise as you can in run ning,' With these words, off he set, going over the ground much faster than, to look at him, I should have thought possible. However, the mulatto and I kept close behind him, meeting nobody, although we heard a distant tumult of voices in the rancheria, and the tramp of people running hither and thither. Tiiere were half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and sheer ing backwards and forwards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of these stiffs Peralta leaped as nimbly and steadily as if he had been a waterman at 'Whitehall Siairs, we follow ing closely upon his heels; but just as we had, as by instinct, sat dovm to the oars, Peralta cried out to us to hold, and then* stepping back upon the jetty, very cooly cast loose the painters of the whole of the re mainder of the boats from their fastenings, and gathering the ends of the ropes together, as a coachman does his reins, he shuffled back again into the stern sheets, casting off our moorings as he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into the stream, the squadron of boats following in our wafee. 'Pull away, my good fellows,' Peralta then said, taking an oar out of one of the skiffs behind us, ' I will steer you.' Our course was down the stream, and we swept along very rapidly, while, looking back, we could see, by the lights which came dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. In a minute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats were gone. Senor Peralta only laughed to him self. '' Well,' he muttered in a moment or two, 'it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs most when the devil or an angry Spaniard drives.' All this time we were shooting Bwiftly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, now began to heave and undulate, as the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Peralta, taking advantage of a great shout faintly heard from the shore, hailed, 'Disco ! Disco, ahoy ! ' A long ehrill whistle was the reply, and, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piragua, with her twe high raking masts, and, pausing on our oars, we heard the rush of the tide against her sharp bows. ' Disco is all awake,' said Peralta, and in a moment more we were alongside and tumb ling into the piragua, which, notwithstand ing her very considerable size, was so light as to rock violently as, one by one, we leaped over her gunwale. Disco himself, a Mosquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been just aroused by the clamour on shore, and He asked eagerly what the matter was. 'The matter,' said Peralta, 'is that we must get to sea as soon as wo can. Thank God the breeze comes fresher — that puff quite ruffled the water. Jenipa,' this was to the mulatto, ' jump forward and cut the cable no time for weighing. Disco, get a sweep or an oar out on the larboard bows to cant her head round. Lindsay, bear a hand my man, and get the canvas upon her, or some of our friends ashore will be swimming down upon us with their knives in their teeth.'» The coolness of Peralta was capital to eee. Just as Jenipa's knife went with a cheep through the strands of the hemp, Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching the larboard bows of the piragua, she swung round with her head towards the shore we had just left, while Peralta, who worked as though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the fore sail from the long supple bamboo yard, and then both of us clapping on to the haulyards with all our might, the light canvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the topef the mast, and then catching the faint puff of the sea breeze, which has but little power when it blows in. the night time, the sail swelled gracefully out, while Peralta, with the sheet in his hand, leaped aft, catching hold of the tiller, and calling to us all to get the mainsail upon the piragua. We were, as the reader may guess, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big lugsail was very soon hoisted by rapid jerks, up the mast, and when after having made fast the haulyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. The breeze was hardly sufficient to keep the wide sails sleeping. I heard no loud rushing gurgle, such as a vessel makes travelling fast through the water; yet the lights upon shore were flving by ua as though *e were borne on horseback towards the sea— the great white flakes and stripes of froth which had floated into the river from the bar, glanced past, showing like light veins and streaks in dark marble — while the skiffs which Peralta had cut loose were almost outef sight astern. I uttered an exclamation of -wonder, at which Peralta laughed pleasantly. 'Your Will-o'-the-Wisp may be fast, Senor Buccaneer,' he said, ' but no sraft that ever came off the stocks of European ship-builders will sail with the boats which the Indians — savages we call them — can scoop with rude tools out of a single glorious tree. Do we not move like an apparition — a sea spirit? Let tho Spaniards chase us in their clumsy wooden boxes, the piragne will earn her right to her name, though all tho navy of Old and Now Spain were flashing in her wake. I call her tbe Ghost ; does not she glide like one fleeting to the sepiolchre at the first glimpse of the light of the morn ing?' I looked at Peralta, beginning to suspect that the sudden flurry, coming after the humming wine, caused him to vapour a little ; but, if it were so, he very soon came to him self. ' Hark !' said Disco, 'the surf on the bar.' ' And see,' added Jenipa, ' the lights of the Pearl Fleet close to the offing.' 'Forward} and look out, both of you,' cried Peralta, sharply., ' Keep your eyes open on either bow.' Meantime I crouched down by tbe steers man on the weather- quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much further to sea than the squadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching too closely the many banks and spits of sand, which ran out from tie bar, and over which most of the smaller barques could float very well. The leading ships, however, ap peared to be as close to the bar on one side as we were on the other. 'Now,' said Peralta, 'grant that the stupidity of those fellows en shore will keep them from making any signal to their com rades out at sea.' But the words were hardly out of his mouth, when the water and the sky were lit up with a mightily flash, and the loud report of a great gun — a small bat terv of which was plantedbeforethefort— came rolling down trie river ; and immediately afterwards a straggling volley of small arms rattled all along the bank, as though the soldiers were dispersed and running down, towards the sea. By this lime, tho white water on tie bar was close' ahead. ; ' ' Starboard — starboard. Keep her a little sway, master/ the channel is *n the lee-bow,' cried Disco, - The-- course of the piragua was altered accordingly, and glancing ahead, I saw tbe streak of dark water, leading, to £he open sea; at the same time that the fleet of pearl fishers answered the alarm from ashore by kiTi^'^g -torches, waving inTifomgj and shouting and blowing horns, just as they- had done the night that the privateer had swooped down in the centre of them and carried off one of the very best in his clutch. At this .moment, we having drawn clear of the sand hills on shore, the breeze freshened, sweeping down, the coast heavy -with the dew of the night air. The light sails swelled stiffly out, the sheets tautened, the rt-in supple masts swayed and creaked, and the few ropes which stayed them upon the weather-side stretched out as rigid as iron bars. And yet the piragua flew by every swell which rolled in from the offing — not plunging into the great green seas, and flashing the foam sparMngly up into the air, but moving rather like a bird, which, with spreading and far-stretched pinions, just glances over the sea, rather flying than swimming— borne more by the winds than tho waves. Truly, I had never sailed in bo wonderfully-fashioned a craft — so thin and slight was her construction, that she appeared, as it -were, to yield, and bend, and quiver in. the seas — but ever on, gaily and lightsomely she went, sliding, as it ;were, -without noise and without shock, leaping with a quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over the swells, which now, as the water shoaled upon the bar, began to roll by us, white with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when he likened his piragua to a noiseless gliding ghost. While I was still wrapped in amazement at the performances of the canoe, she was flying across the bar in the very midst of the fleet of pearl fishers. The whole thing passed over me like a vision — a dream of flashing foaming water, plunging and dripping1 ships, with their canvas flapping, and their booms, and yards, and ropes, creak ing and moaning, and rattling together — of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, funning on the decks, leaping into the rigging, flashing their torches and lan terns; shouting, yelling, and hailing the piragua and Peralta to lie to, and put about — and some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols in the air. All this, I say, appeared to pa^s by me like a vision or a dream — and it only lasted for a few brief moments — for the piragua, which was steered in a fashion which made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flew through the panic- struck squadron, who could no more cateh her, than they could the shadow of her tall sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to a stout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in the piragua's fore rigging, but even before the rope had tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, bis knife flashed, the severed hemp fell back into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled fown into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly at sea, with the whole of tbe squadron, save ene or two loiterers, behind us. Just then the frigate, who was a jouple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the rigging, as if they designed to make sail in all haste. bo«Ho! ho] ho !' laughed Peralta. 'Here mes the elephant chasing the weasel, and the elephant thinks that the best way to begin the race is to roar a little.' And, indeed, any attempt of the big ship to follow us would have been just about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more guns, whether with shot in them or not we neither knew nor cared, she stood cautiously in for the bar of the river, sending her boats before her, as we conjectured, to Learn the cause of all the uproar. Meantime we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, ' however, well masked, and then setting the bead of the boat about nor-nor-west, that being as near the wind as we could lie, and at the same time make good way through, the water, we trimmed the sails neatly, and cried, ' Northward Ho ! for Jamaica.' for about an hour, during which time little was spoken, Peralta held the helm. He then called us all round him, and apportioned the watches in ' the ordinary seaman fashion — I beingplaced with. Disco, andhe taking his turn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, we tossed up whose watch, should begin first, and it falling to the turn of Disco and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I was not well acquainted with the manage ment of piraguas, to call him if the wind freshened so much as to seem to demand the taking in of a reef. Then creeping be neath, the half-deck which extended from the bows to abaft the foremast, he coiled himspif up along with Jenipa, and the pair went very quietly to sleep. During' our watch, which was tranquil, I triea to obtain some infor mation from the T-nfliaw touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of our very sudden departure. But the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upon the weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, was as close as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, he reminded me very truly that I ought to know more about the reason of our departure than he, Having- come from the shore, while he had been sleeping on board the piragua. At that I told him what I had heard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco having been detected and taken to the fort, where they had confessed not only the truth, but, as I had heard, more than the truth. The Mosquitto man merely shrugged his shoulders, and said he could make nothing of it, although I saw very well, by the intelligent look of the fellow's face, as the binnacle lamp shone upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of tho matter than he chose to confess, finding I could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to con sider the whole affair, and putting Peralta s bints about the way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, I was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which the merchant bought of the cap tain of the fishery, he obtained another, and at a very considerably cheaper rate, by deal ing quietly with the openers themselves, to which class I concluded that Juan and Blanco must belong. This solution of the riddle seemed the more probable, when I remem bered much that I had heard touching- the great number of pearls supposed to be secreted by the Indians, in. spite of the utmost vigilance of the Spaniards. Jamaica doops had, I knew, ere now gone to hover near the Bio de la Hacha, having their agents and correspondents, in various disguises, lurk ing upon the coast, and of course keeping- up communication with the T-ndinn divers and openers; but the adroitness and courage shown by Peralta in living as a Spaniard openly amongst Spaniards, and supporting the character of a regular pearl merchant, communicating- with the captain of the fishery, while in reality he was driving the best part of his trade by underhand dealing with the Indians, conducted, no doubt, at great and constant risk of detection and death ; all this inspired me with no small respect for the abilities and the nerve of the owner of the piragua. Then I thought with -what cool generalship he had conducted the retreat, not losing a moment by delay, yet taking his measures with as great com posure and deliberation as if he were depart ing upon a-pleasure cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, when leaving the hut, take with him the amount of pearls, which I felt sure that he must have amassed ; but a few minutes' reflection convinced me, from the perfect unconcern with which he had walked out of the hut, not 'caring to pick up any one article of those strewn about, that all the valuables which- he possessed on shore, he carried constantly concealed about his person. Indeed, in the matter of such cosily toys as pearls, or precious stones, a man's own garments formed by far the- safest depository to be found in the ran chiera. While brooding over these things, the night passed silently away. With the grey dawn, Peralta relieved me, and we crept in our turn under the half-deck, and slept until the Bun rose high into the unclouded heaven, and the piragua waa sfcag-gering- along under . reefed canvas, bending over to the whistling trade-wind, and leaping from sea. to sea like a hunted stag. Daring th» day, little of note occurred. Peralta avoided taking me further into his confidence, and I had DE tact enough to see that I ought, to -refrain from seeming- to intrude upon his mystery. As I watehed him, however,. 1 often saw him bite his thin lips,' and wrinkle his forehead, an3 clench hi« hand, as if dis tressiiig thoughts haunted him; and at last he brokfe'6ut,\addressing nobody in particu lar, but speaking moodily to himself — *? Those poor fellows ! ' he cried, : ' those poor fellows, Juan and Blanco — I -would give ©very . pearl the venture hath brought that they -were safe and sound in this piragua. The Spaniards will hang them ; nay, indeed, it may have been already done, and their bodies are swinging in this same sea-breeze?' Here Jenipa interposed very respectfully, and said that no effort we could have possibly made would have sufficed to rescue the Indians, and that we had nothing- to reproach ourselves with on that S3ore. ' No, no,' said Peralta. ' We could not have got them out of trouble ; but we have been the cause that they fell into it.' He pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, he drew it forth, the hollow of the palm filled with small pearls, all glistening in the sun, like beads of frozen milk. Then he1 poured the precious morsels from, one hand to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man who talks in his sleep. ' Ay,' he cried, ' and you will sparkle in the coronets of nobles, or mayhap you will rise and fall on the white bosom of some peerless beanty across the western sea. Little will she think how her braveries have been won. Little will she think that the gems of her adornment are but as coagulated drops of human blood. ? Red, red, you ought to be, and not of that lying virgin whiteness — red, red, you ought to be, as the guilt of him who hath purveyed you, and the blood of the hapless men who, ere now, are doubtless but as lumps of brown carrion — only good to feed the vultures and the crows !' At this, I observed Jenipa and Disco ex change curious glances with each other ; but Peralta, after musing for a short space further, put the pearls back into their hiding place, and resumed, to a certain degree, Ms usual manner. ' I doubt not, he said to me,' presently, but tliat your aciiteness hath taught you much cf what last night you burned to know. The two poor savages of whom I spoke were indeed' my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their inge nuity and courage, many a rare pearl hath some to my wallet, instead of their Spanish task- masters. But all is over now. While [ remained on shore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Had it been rri-thin the power of man to have saved them, [ would have perilled limbs and life to bring ihem off, but it fell out otherwise. What is sprit, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, md may you find the next world a batter me than this.' Having pronounced this curious sort of Mineral oration, Peralta straightway resumed iis former demeanour, and £ never heard him illud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across the ocean, masts bending, canvas swelling, and sheet and iaulyard cracking and straining ; the blue heaven, with not a cloud to fleck it, all i blaze of azure light and glory ^above, ind the crystal sea foaming, and bumbling, and gambolling beneath the 3wift piragua, as, -with dripping prow and polished sides, she tore away upon ner head long course. Mj^ spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flushing back, 3ending the young hot blood tingling through my veins. I leaped and danced about the piragua for very cheery- heartedness — Peralta smiling slyly at my antics — and sometimes lifting up my voice,' I sang an echoing jhorus to the music of wind and wave .! ' A lay or two,' I thought, 'and I shall see. sleeping in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant, schooner, which C love, and hear ringing from beneath her mow-white awning the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout Jem, the true hearted, and Nicky Hamstring, tho merry minded ! ' Alas ! not so fast, Leonard Lindsay — not so fast ! There -are perils and sufferings for you, by sea and land, ere you step upon English ground again ! CHAPTER XXV. CHE IIBA.GUA IS PICKED 1JP BT A GSEAI PETVATEEB, XKD I PEJD MYSELF AMONG NEW We were within a day's sail of Jamaica. &.tthe setting of the sun we had seen, even from our low vessel, the distant outline of he Blue Mountains. Peralta had the middle cratch. I roused up about an hour and a lalf before sunrise, and found the piragua leaving upon smooth, oily swells, all un ruffled even by a puff of wind. There was a ^reat dank mist around us, packing upon ;he water as thick as smoke from a manof yar's broadside, and the very air seemed loaded with chill damp. I walked lp and down the small fore deck -f the piragua, trying, in my thin garments, to keep myself warm, and whistling for a breeze to blow away to lee Evard the filthy fog, which seemed, as it were, to enclose us round, and to cling and settle in its densest volume about the piragua. Standing at tho bows, X could not see the stern, and as for the heads of the sails iiey were lost in the thick opaque air. It was curious to gaze out upon the water as tbe black- looking undulations of the sea rolled mderus, the mist seeming to rise and fall with them, and sometimes boiling and eddying from the motion of the waves, although not a breath of wind etrayed over the ocean. I might have been upon duty about half* an hour, when I almost leaped from the deck with amazement to hear suddenly, coming Erom. whence I knew not, but ringing shrilly through, the thick air, a loud cry or scream, like that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. 'Disco,' I shouted, 'did you hear that? What was that cry ! ' But the Indian, instead of answering me, Btood dumb and trembling-, as though struck with terror. Instantly the cry was repeated, and even louder and more vehemently than before. ' It is a spirit,' sail the Indian. ' It is some bad spirit of the fog. It will come to us and kill us.' But I heeded not the superstition of the ignorant creature, and made but one bound to where Peralta lay sound asleep, clutching and shaking him to aronse him, and telling hiyn in the same breath that there waa either a ship or a boat close aboard of us in the fog. The pearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their legs in a moment, and for the space of about ten minutes we listened with all our ears, but hsard no sound, other than the flapping of our sails and the creaking' of the yards as they rubbed and swayed against tbe masts. It was odd that, although both Disco and myself heard the cry so distinctly repeated, we neither of ns could tell the direction from which it appeared to come. Perhaps the fog affected sounds passing through it. At all events, although we got out the oars, we knew not in which way to row, so as to put as much sea as possible between a ship which might very likely be an enemy, and which would certainly he more than a match for the light piragua and her crew of four. All this while the dawn was gradually brightening through the mist ; the fog, which, before was of a pitchy dark ness, becoming gradually of a pale grey hue, and then lifting and opening here and there, eo as to show lanes, as it were, and patches ef clear air, which, in the ' next moment, would be again filled, up by rolling masses of vapour. However, the mist was evidently thinning as the sun approached to th*» horizon, and we watched warily to catch the first glimpse of our unknown neighbour. Presently, the fog began to change its cold white hue for a tinge or blush of warm and golden light, which appeared, as it were, to penetrate and pervade the vapour, and by which. -#e knew that the sun had risen ; while, at the same time, our glimpses into the ever- shifting bines and clear spaces continually being formed by the motion of the seething wreaths and masses of vapour, becoming every moment longer and clearer — Peralta, who was standing upon the starboard gunwale of the piragua, suddenly exclaimed, in alow, earnest tone^'There ! look there !' We all turned round at once, and saw, not thirty fathoms frbin us, the dusky broadside ?and towering rigging of a 6hip. She was gracefully rocking upon the long seas, the FECTIVE '.ORIGINS mist all curling round her, a;jd Soiling, as it appeared, in blurring -patches and masses among hex extended sails,' so that Ihe mists and all the fabric of spars and canvas which they bore were half lost in the bewildering vapour. We had no time, however, to make any very minute examination of the stranger. She saw us as soon as we 'saw her, and half a dozen men, clustering into the mainrisr ging, shouted out, in I?ench and English, that -we should pull the piragua alongside. I looked at Peralta. He slightly shrugged his shoulders. 'If -there were but a bladder full of -wind,' he said. ' Ho ! the piragua ahoy !' was now again hailed from the strange ship— ' come along side, d'ye hear, or it will be worse for you.' This threat had hardly been uttered, when, as if to back it, a cannon was fired from the maindeck, and we heard the ball, with a loud, whistling hiss, pass above our masts. But the discharge of that gun had an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon the fog, clearing away, and, as it were, con densing aud annihilating, by the shock of the explosion the vapour all around — so that we saw, very plainly, a goodly ship of three masts, carrying at least twelve cannons upon a side, -with, top-sails and top- gallant-sails spread, but the yards braced clumsily, the canvas ill set, and much of the rigging in a loose and disorderly condition — the jib indeed hanging in great festoons down from the bowsprit — so that when the ship plunged by the head, the canvas dipped into the sea, from which it would presently arise, the water pouring from the belly of the sail as from a tub. On board this disorderly-looking craft there seemed to be a great swarm of men, who suddenly clustered upon the bulwarks and in the rigging to gaze at us, and one of whom, a varlet with long unkempt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed out — ' Why, comrades, never believe your eyes —if it be not Old Rumbold, of Port Eoyal in Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many places besides. What cheer, Old Rumbold ? Hast been a privateering in a bark canoe — or chaffering with and cheating the honest Indians of the Main ?' Peralta seemed in no way put out by this recognition, for he immediately took off his hat very gallantly and called out that he was heartily glad to meet with so many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high seas. 'Upon which the men on board the ship cheered lustily, and shouted to Peralta or Uuinbold that he was an honest fellow, and that he must come aboard, with all his people, and that we should have a jovial cruise together. I watched the pearl merchant, and saw that he was in reality much concerned at this unexpected stoppage of our voyage. ' Had it not been for that cursed fog,' he whispered, 'this would not have happened. But these fellows are savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'en row with the tide and humour them.' ITO BE COSTDSUED. 