LADY CHETWYNND'S SPECTRE, .OICAPTEPR XII. A SECRXT EXPEDITISN. 'There is no possible doubt on the subjec','replied Miss Monk; positively. 'He was bound to me his mother urged him to marry me; he considered me for a long time as his future wife; he knows that I love him;and,to crown all, Bernice when dying, told him that she did not want him to mourn always for her-that she hoped he would marry me in a year. She clasped my hand in his and so died.' 'Incredible !' 'I should have said so if you had told me the story;'said Miss Monk; 'but Bernice never was like any one else. 'I'd haunt my husbandif he were to marry after my death. But some women are jealous,and some are spaniel likecreatures. Howany woman could rise above all earthly passion as Bernice did, surpasses my comprehension. But after alliBernice had nothing of thespa niel in her nature. She wasipasaionate, loving, jealous: The knowledge that her husband had been my betrothed was gall and wormwood toher. In her exalted moods she was quite capable of committingsuicide in order to leave him free. 'She was only a girl, but there was in her materal for a Fplendid woman,' said Monk. She had one of those generous, ill-regulated natures,that are easily driven to desperation and frenzy. But she's dead. She'll never come back to disturb you, Sylvia, and you can woo and win the marquis,and make yourself secure in her place. She'll never trouble you' Miss Monk turned pale and shud dered. S'Of course she won't come back to trouble - me!' she exclaimed harshly. 'Why should shel She don't know I can't see, why you should find it necessary to reiterate that she won't trouble me. But I can tell you,' she added, trying to get the better of her superstitious fears, 'that Bernice Chet wynd dead will stand less in my way than Bernice Chetwynd living.' 'I wish you all success, if I may be allowed to reiterate my good wishea,' said Monk coo.lly; 'and I must be off. Moake no condolences toOhetwynd. He looked.like a ghost at the funeral. Take care that he does not love the dead Bernitemoreothan the living Sylvia I shail be back at the. Park often. I. you need me at any time, drop me atf line atmy raew address. One last word, Sylvia. You and I have not been over fond of each other,but our interests are nearly indentical, and I take pride in your prosperty. I should .like to see you Lady Chetwynd, and to secure for mysenfa more substantial footing at Ohetwynd Park. I congratulate you upon your success, and 1 prom:se you that I will do nothing to mar it.' Miss Monk started, and looked at her brother uneasily.' 'What successl' she demanded, look out at him from her heavy, drooping eyelids'in a quick furtive way. 'And how could you mar it, if you wishedl You talk in riddles, Gilbert.' 'Yes! Letme tell you planly then,' and he put his mouth to her ear and hissed, 'I know how Lady Ohetwynd died.' Miss Monk shrank away from him, her facd growing livid, a wild look in her opening eyes. She tried to speak, but no sound came from her trembling lips; but there was an expression of terror on her face,of agonized question ing, of deadly fear, that was sufficient confession of her guilt. bonk laughed softly, enjoying her abject fear. The hand mirror se!id from Sylvia's knees to the floor,and she laid back her head on the cushions of herchair gasping 'Did you feel so secure thenT asked Monk. 'You need not take my dis for breath. covery so to heart. I know that Bernice perished at your hands-your present terrorproves that fact-but no one else need know it. I shall not communicate my suspicions to any one else.' 'Suspicions ' 'Yes. Ihave suspected you and old Rages of mischief ever sinceBernice died You have now confirmed my suspicions yourself.' 'Suspicions! I-I thought-Give me that glass of water, Gilbert. flow you frightened me! Buspicions! Why should von suspect me of anything so mons troesl You remember. perhaps some f'olish words I said in my anger and humilitation, upon the day when Ohetwynd's letter came announcing the marriage; but I am guiltless of any wrong. Bernice took the prevailing fever at Martin's cottage over at the village. The doctor said so. Convinced that Monk had only had suspicionul of her nefarious crime-that he had bihad no factual knowledge of ber wickednesse-Miss Monk breathed more freely. The livid grayness onher cheeks began to give place to-re:urning crimson. Her courage and self possess.. ion beganuto reanimate her heart. She was prepared to defy him. Monk only smiled in his boyish self satisded way. 'I am innooat, as I said hut now,' said Sylvia.luently, '1 swearit,Gilbert* Fate, in the form of the village fever came to my aid, end removed my rival fromtmy path. I own I hated r.ut'I am guiltlers of her blood. If you don't believe me, and have turned mt gDemy, as it now seems, denounee me. .et the doctors be sumosonos to examine Iady~ ~ptwynd's body. If they find poisou in itf then I 'They '?'find poison in it, Those Indian droa work subtly. But I do not accuse yeo You are free to wear wbsseQU w #Djrp w in*,-.Oply when I want money I shall expect you to supply me.. That is the point of all my remarks. I have got a hold upon you whether you acknowledge it or not, and you must be my banker till I realize from a venture 1 am now maki ,g and which will bring me in a fortun.. I shall want large some of money, possibly,and you most get them for me. I say must! I ou manage other things so cleverly-such as remov ing a rival, for mraance-that it would be but a mere trifle for you to secure me such sums of money as I may want from time to time. 'And when you become Lady Chet wynd you must settle a thousand a year upon me. If you receive a letter from me at any time ordering money, you will do well to send it. And now I'm off. Make my condolences to Chetwynd. Begin your siege of his heart pretty early, Comfort him in his affliction, if you want to make yourself neesary a to him. But I need not advise you. A subtle women is more than a match for a dozen men. Good by.' He touched her hand lightly and went outof the room airily, leaving her alone. She looked after him fearingly. 'How much does he know?' she whispered. 'There was a vast amount of hidden meaning in his man., ner. But he can only suspect. He can know nothing. He is my brother, and, as he said, our interests are the same. But I shall not dare refuse him money when he asks for it. I am to a certain extent in his power. This impression was exactly that which Gilbert Monk had striven to create. It was no part of his plan that his sister or old Rages should become informed that he had played the spy upon them,and had overheard their hidden secret. On leaving Miss Monk's room, he walked down the long hall towards the grand staircase. As he paused for a moment on the landing, a woman with herjbandkerchief at her eyes,entered the hall at its lower end from a long corr idor beyond. Monk paused to look at the woman as be approached. Her little ribboned white cap set jauntily on her head, her smart and coquettish attire and trim figure all proclaimed her to be Fifine, Lady Chetwynd's chattering French maid. Mlnrik waited for her to come up. 'What's the matterd' he asked abrups tly .Nothing, monsieur,' answered Fifine wiping her tears, 'only AMr Sanders the bailiff, is returned from the funeral, anl he called me to the housekeeper's room just now and said that my lord is in such a frame of mind that I had best not be seen by his lordship. What misery ! What despair ! His lordship cannot look upon my face,lest I remind him of my poor young mistress. Ah, monsieur, Ehe wasan angel! It is the good who die early. But Mr Sanders has generously promised to pay me a year's wages and I am to leave to morrow.' 'You go to Parisl' 'No, monsieur, to London. My father has a pastry cook's shop in Soho. He has achieved a grand reputation for his French rolls, his meiangues, his cakes. I shall take another situation as soon as I can find one with a lady of quality, and in the mean time I will stop with the good papa in the pastry. cook's shop in Soho.' Monk sliped a silver coin in her hand and went on down the stairs. The lower hall was deserted, and he passed unobserved into the Moorish library, locking the door behind him. He had been idle during this week in town. Time would show how busy he had been during the past few days. He looked peeringly into the recesses, the arched nooks,thedusky niches, and then softly closed the shutters and lowered the curtains. Then he lighted a taper and went to the massive safe, which had been built into the wall,and was hidden by ordinary double doors of wood. He had, on a former visit,before his recent trip to town, taken wax impressions of the various locks, and now produced keys, one of which un locked the wooden doors covering the front of the safe. He paused and listened, No sound yet of Lord Ohetwynd's return; no sound of the approach of Mr Sanders or any member of the household. The safe was not a modern affair, with combination locks, and curious contrivances. It had massive bolts and locks, but its security mainly depend ed upon the peculiarity of its keys, and these Monk had duplicated. He unlocked the heavy iron doors without dificulty, and explored the interior of the safe with nervious rapidity. The inner drawers were most of them locked, and he had no keys to open them. Ie reached the 'pigeon" holes' and shelves and those drawers which were unlocked, Fortune favoured him. In one of these drawers he found several bon'hes of keys, one of them belonging to the'strong box,' and several odd keys,one of which, a great massiveirusty ey that mighthave belonged to a door n the Tower, was seized upon esge:y as the one he wanted. He thrust it into his poeket, and relocked the safe as he had found it, blew out the light of his taper and restored the latter to the taper stand on a writing table whence he had taken it, and noiselessly unlocked the door leading into the bhll optside, and he opened the door and passed out of the still darkened library,;his pulses beating like tiny drums, He took down his geitcoat from the hall rack, oand noticed ge ho drew on the over.garment that the hall porter was fast asleep in hiegreat highbhaoked Elizabethan chair. He went down the teps jpto the carriage porch. Mr Sandeors ws there, awaiting anxiously the return of Lord Ohetwynd, The carriage Fonk had ordered was also there, and the driver we! half asleep on i Bo"" ''-,'·~i--?.,··: ,,.?..,,:? Monk waited to shake hands with the bailiff, and to exchange a few remarks with him. Mr Sanders was in mourning, as was Monk, and the former looked aged and worn by the sad event that had bereaved his young employer. 't'he bailiff had not welcomed Bernice to Obhetwynd Park with any great earnestness. He believed Sylvia Monk to have been wronged by Lord Chetwynd's hasty marriage with Bernice lft thought the nasmeless young island eirl no fic bride for a Chetwynd of Chetl'ynd. lie had never ceased to secretly deplore the mesalliance. as he believed it, but he was ovrrwhelmed with genuine grief at Bernice's sad fate. To dig so young-co leave s husband such as hers-to leave Ohet wynd Park and it glories,this seemed to him bitterness indeed. His manner now was of forced cheer fulness. 'You ought to wait for the express, sir,' he said, glancing at his watch. The first train is only a parliamen tary.' 'True,' said Monk!'but I am obliged to go by it. I am reading law now, you know Sanders,and our firm directed me to stop at Lewes upon a little hbusinees with a client,who is to be at the station to meet me. Business leaves one little time to indulge in private griefs, Mr Sanders. I willrun down again to the Park soon, and I hope then to find Ohet.vynd in a more healthy frame of mind. 'Ah a house of mourn ingis a sad place !' 'Ho stepped down to the vehicle, entered it and was ariven down the avenue and out at the lodge gates, on his way to Eastbourne. The day was fast darkening. The gloom of December was upon the thick woods bordering the road upon gray sky, and the gray heaving sea. A gicom began also to settle upon the spiuits of Gilbert Monk. He began to be beset with fear in regard to Bernice Ohetwynd in her coflin. The power of the drug she had unconsciously taken must be nearly spent. She must be near her waking. What if Lord Chetwynd were still in the vault "vith her- what if she should revive-what if his lordship were to rescue her from the clu'ch of her enemies ! The very thought brought a cola sweat~to Monk.s forehead. His impa tience became almos: insupportable. As he entered the long straggling street of Obetwyrd-by-Sea, he passed the closed carriage of Lord Chetwynd on its return to the Park. He caught a glimpse through the window of Lord Obetwynd's bowed fingure, and of the venerable rector of the parish church seated beside the young lord, and then the carriages separated, each going to its different destination. 'That danger is averted,' thought Monk, fingering the rusty key in hir pocket, -The church is locked by this time perhaps. Ifso I am right. If she were to awaken after all had left the church, her lowest cry would reach a human ear.' The carriage drove down the paved street briskly, past the housesin their large gardens, past the rows of ambi tious brick dwellings, past the shop, the post office, and finally past the old gray stone parish church. The church was locked up and deserted, A. few women lingered in the churchyard. reading the nscriptions upon slabs .of gray slate, brown stone, and marble yellowed by time and the action of the elements,but even those few persons were dispersing to their homes. Gilbert Monk was very silent during the remainder of the drive to East bourne,but his fingers were incessantly busy with the big rusty key which he believed was to open to him an immense fortune. Arriving at the town, Monk found the train on the point of departure. He had had barely time to thrust a coin into the coachman's hand, secure a ticket to London. and run across the platform,before the train slowly started. The guard opened the door of an empty first class compartment, Monk sprung in, the door was shut and locked upon him, and the train went slowly out of the station. Monk looked out of the window,saw that there was a score of people on the platform who had witnessed his departure and he smiled. The train was a slow one, making frequent stops, It halted, in fact, at every village along the line, after the manner of 'parliamentaries.' Tho gloom of the declining day was giving place to the gloom of early evening. The lamps of Eastbogrne were already lighted Monk's face expressed his satisfaction at the gathering dark ness' He pressed his face close to the window and peered out at cottages, farmhouses. green meadows, brick fields and the various object along the line. At the first station at which the train stepped, he arose and unlocced the door of the carriage with a key which he always carried for the purpose and let himself out upon the side of the train farthest from the station. Then with his portmenteau in his hand, he walked away in the darkness along the rural lane,not having been observed by any one, He moved briskly, as towards a certain goal. The train went on presently at its slow and laboured rate of progreesi and as it disappeared in a distant cutting,Gilbert Monk came out upon a cross road bordered with hedges. Here drawn up at one side of the lonely country road was a closed carriage to which were attachedl, two hborse. A driver saPt upon his box, smoking a black pipe, and keeping a yigila.4t Igok gt upon all sideq as it seemed, .'Is thatyou, Flack ' asked Monk, drawing near. The driver uttered an assent, and spreng down over the wheel to the ground. He opened the door of the carriage, seirted Monk's portmanteau, rpdpa it under the rstead waited for Monk to enter the vehicle. 'Have you got everything all rightr asked Monk. 'Where's your dark lantern!' Fiuck produced from under one of the teats in the carriage a lantern. He turned back the slide, and a red stream of light filled the vehicle. The front seat seemed to be heaped with shawls, cloaks, and other articles of apparel. There was also a small hamper of wiles and biscuits, with a bottle of brandy, all ready for instant use. 'Thba is well declared Monk. 1 believe we have everything necessary.' iHe turned back the lantern so that its light fell upon the face of the coach man. It was a hang dog face, of a low and brutal type, one of those faces which are oftenest seen at the criminal dock. This face had often been seen there. The low, depressed forehead, the closely cropped hair, the large ears, which stood out from the head like independent flaps the brutal jaws, the heavy mouth, the small, furtive eyes, like the eyes of some beast of pray all these distinguiheing features of the man Flack were well known to the police of London. The fellow had fulhlled two terms of penal servi. tode, had been beyond seas at the ex pense of his country, and was likely to repent the involunatary voyage. He had recently committed some crime for which, by reason of his previous bad character, he was likely to be severly punished. Scotsby and Newman, despite their location in Chancery lane, were criminal lawyers, and had been applied to by Fack as his counsel in hispresent trouble. It was thus that Gilbert Monk had heard of him. Monk had studied the man and his histnry,and learned various facts which would place Flack in his power, the follow having, in the confessional of law, informed his counsel ot one or two ugly circumstances in his career for which he lived in constant fear of apprehension. These circumstances were his connection with certain burglaries, of which he was not, how ever, suspected as yet by the police. Monk obtained a private interview with Flack essuming the air of a master. The fellow was coarse, brutal un principaled, and utterly base, but he cringed to Monk like a very coward, The latter gave bail for the appearance of the fellow at court when wanted,and made a compact with him, by virture of which Flack was to serve him faithfully, and to receive therefore a certain sun of money and protection from the avenging law for all his past crime. Having placed the outlaw in fear of him, and having given bail for him and promising to get him clear of punishment for his offence, Mcnk had secured in him a devoted slave. Flack turned back the slide that covered the lantern, and hid the latter under the seat. Monk stepped into the carriage, saying in a low voice 'Drive slowly. We will arrive at Chetwynd about midnight. Save the horses for the drive out. Be cautious. And now be off.' The carriage door closed, the driver remounted his box, and Gilbert Monk set out on his secret return to Chet. wyndaby'Sea and its parish church. CHAPTER XIV. THE RESULT OF MONK'S LABOURS. It[was near midnight and alpitchy dark when Gilbert Monk's closed carriage came out upon a point of the hilly road overlooking the village of Chet wynd. Monk stopped the carriage here and alighted. The village below was dark and silent only one or two lights gleam ing through the darkness. Out at sea one or two lights flickered with the waves, (It is just the night for our work,' said Monk. 'We could not had a better. You are to remain here with the carri age, remember. The sound of the wheels on these paved streets at this hour would arouse every soul in the village. How fresh the salt winds blow! I'll warrant that no one is out in the street on this dark, windy night, and at this hour. The girl does not live half a mile from here. She'll be ready,though despite the gloom. Girls are always ready for an elopment: Ill go down there alone. You are to wait till I return, if I don't come till the morning.' 'Yes sir,' said Flack. 'You find me here, if you don't come till Lady day.' 'Give methe lantern,I shall want it. Thelong black cloak also with the hood. And don't forget the basket with the brandy and the tools. Her father may have locked her up and I shall then have to release her. There are a pair of lady's boots in the basket, with other necessaries. That will do. Monk took the coak and basket on his arm and burdened himself with such other things as he deemed needful. Then, with a parting admonition to Flacknot to sleep, and to be on the watch forhis returs, he strode away down the hill towards the sea, disapp. earing from the view of his ally darkness. Flack, as is seen, supposed his new master to be engaged in an elopmest with a young lady. The half mile of interviewing dies tance was soon traversed, As he approached the old gray church a mere blot of deeper darkness almost without outline in the gloom, he heard the clock at Chetwynd Park,which was set in the stable tower, and which was a mile distant, strike the Iour of mid. night, He crept up the churchyard gate, :Cft!y opened it, and entered. He closed the gate behind him, and qouitt hog the stagoe wq1atole up towards the carved stono porch, flittering among the graves, and in and out among the marble slabs, like a shadow, He crept into the porch, and, crouched there listening, The rectory was wrapped in darkuese nad4 5i @ l~. . . There was no one in the street-no sound came from the interior of the church. He turned on a tiny section of light from the lantern, and found the lock on the church door. Be had taken a wax impression of the keyhole a week before, upon a secret visit to the place while he was supposed to be in London, and was now provided with a key, with which he unlocked the door. He opened it and passed into the building, locking the door behind him. His lantern was hidden under his coat. How dark and ghostly the place seemed! How close the air was! A faint light starggled in at the painted windows, and Monk could presently trace the outlines of the high pulpit,, the reading desk, the gallery, the choir and the high backed pews. He dare not turn on the light of his lantern,lest some stray gleam should be seen by some casual eye,and bring detect ionupon nim, Hewas half afraid in that chill of darkness. It seemed as if those tall backed pews might be tenanted. He grew nervous, and involuntarily hushed his breathing. Conquering his tremors, he crept along the aisle, whose flooring consisted of slabs,an which were carved the name andage of some Chetwynd who had been buried beneath. Under the reading desk, was a door, kept always locked, which opened upon the steps leading to the vault. Monk had provided him self with a key to fit this door also, and he hastened to apply it. On open ing the door, a rush of damp cold air moaning of wind that seemed like the groans and sighs of excaping spirits. Monk turned on the full light of his lantern, and crept down the wide stone stairs. He peeped about him with restless, incessant glances, and he paused again in the arched stone pas, sage into Ohetwynd family vault. the key he had stolen from the safe in the library at Chetwynd Park gave him admittance into this vault. It was a wide, long room, nearly as large as the church above it. There were heavy stone arches at regular distancees supporting the church floor. Along the slides of the room were stone shelves, one above another, and upon these the coffins rested. In the centre of the room were wide benches, and upon these also were coffins. Monk advanced intotho gloomy crypt. which vaguely reminded one of the Roman catacombs. He advanced to the bench upon which the coffin of Bernice Ohttwynd had been desposited and held up his lantern; letting the light fall in a ruddy flood. The coffin strangely long for a girl like Bernice, was soon found. Monk knew it by the crisp of the black cloth covering it, and by the gleam of the burnished handles. To make sure he examined the shining silver plate, and rerd upon it the inscription: Bernice, wife of Roy, tninth larguis of Chetcynd, aged seventeen years.' Monk bent over the coffin, putt ing his ear to the lid, There was no sound within; 'Heavens,' whispered Gilbert Monk, speaking for the first time since he had left the carriage. Can she have revived, called for help realized her horrible situation, and died of frightl' It is fully time that she were awaken. She may be dead!' He set down his lantern upon the coffin, and taking out tnols from the basket he had brought, he setjto work to unscrew the coffin lid. His hands trembled so that he could scarcely work. His heart seemed to swell within him to suffocation. He pausedevery instant to listen. When the lid had been un screwed and carefully laid aside, there was such a blurr upon his eyes that he could not see the girl's face through thh glass covering it. 'How weak Iam,' he mutterd. My fingers are strangely clumsy too. I am all nerves to night.' He took a drink of the brandy he had brought for Bernice. It steadied his nerves. He raised the glass and looked full upon the uncovered-face of Lady Chetwynd. It had not changed since he had seen it. The long gray eye lashes lay upon the gray, cold cheeke,so strangely sunken. The pinched nostrils, the sunken eyes, the parted lips, slightly protruding all bore the semblance of death in such marked degree that Monk believed that she was dead. He laid his hand on her forehead, It felt to his touch like marble, and chilled him through and through. 'Old Ragee must have been deceived about those poisons,' he said to himself in sudden despair and rage, 'Possiby I made a mistake in the globlus I gave her. She's dead, sure enough. My fortune will be what I can make out of Sylvia-nothing more. And for this I have spent my money, and worked and schemed-for this!' He muttered a curse and grated his teeth. An idea sudd6nly came to him. He stared, drew a pocket mirror from his coat, andheld it above the girl's parted lips. When he withdrew it there was a slight mosnureupon it. Now indeed he went to work with a will. He pulled off his cost to unscrew the entire tp of the cffino-a work requ r ing time and skill; lhe sweat poured irom his face-his arms and hand ached with unwonted toil; bot he did not pause an instant torest. The belief that Bernice was alive, and must soon awaken,endowed him with almost Herculean strength. T' e entire coffino top was remosed and laid upon a neighbouring coffio, and the .orm of Beroice Chetwynd in her bride like robesof white silk with faded roses on her breast and in her huirlay stretched out before hils, He spread the cloak he had brough, uponan empty bench, and lifted the stiff frigid figure in his arms\ and laid her upon it. Then hereturned to the empty co8io, IQI get a wex figure madeto put in here e thought. 'But j st now I want some*, thing for weight, that's all.' He look hastily about him. In a din. 1.1t corugr was a hop of stones that bad been brought into the vault to repair one of the stout archer. Teo sooneshad been left after repairs had beeu exeoued! He seized upon them and packed them into the coffin, placing them so that they would not rattle should t'e case including them be jarred. Then with frequent glances at the silent figure on the stone bench he put on the top-of:thecaffio,andcarefullysecrewed in into itsplace. A few. minutes work restored the burial-ease to its formerappe arance. And now, with a long breath of relief, he again approached the motonless, death like figure on the bench. Its continued immobility frightened him. He persuaded himself that he had deceived himself in regard to the moi'ture on th. glass. ae tried the experiment again, with the same result.' 'she is alive!' he cried aloud,exultingly. 'Perhapsnature is too weak to rally un assisted. I must do something forher.' He chafed her cold hands with feverish energy. He poured brandy between her lips. Hecalled to her to awaken. 'How slowly- oh how slowly !-the rigid figure began to relax. The stiffened limbs fell slowly apart. And into the deadly face a look of life began to seal. The pinched look about the nostrils, the bluish tint about the sweet lips the bluis eyes lids, the gray hollow cheeks, all began to change, as under the touch of an invisible hand. The complexion became less like the ghastliness of death, and more like the pallar of sickness. Surely life was steal ing back to the citadel whence it had been routed ! Surely the blood was begininng to move sluggiebhly in those frozen veins !' Monk in an agony of inr patience gave her more brandy. He doubted the evidence of his senses- he could not believe in the slow and subtle change going on before his eyes: He was half persuaded still that she was dead. But at last the spelllupon her was bro ken The blood tegan to fow more qoickly in her veins. Be felt her heart throbbing under his hand, and soon be felt the feeble pulse in her wrist. Her trance was ended. The thin transparent eyelids trembled and flickered, and then lifted, and Bernice's brilliant eyes, like stairs of dusk, opened and looked round her in a wondering stare. Monk moved backward a step, over come with emotion. She was alive-alive and every one but him believed her dead ! His fortune was madel' The wondering stare of the big brown eyes took in the stone arching above her, and the sweet voice of Bernice called in fluttering frightened tones, so feeble they could scarcely be heard 'Roy ! Roy !' Monk could not answer her. Hia face was glowing like a demon's his eyes were rablsee his sinister joy swelled within him, endering him speechless. 'Oh Roy, said the fluttering voice faintly. 'Ive had ouch a awful dream; and I am so tired, darliag! Take me in your arms Boy-1 am so cold.' Monk controlled himself row by the exercise cf his reviving will. He drew from his pocket phial of brandy in which an innocent narcottic bad been mixed and stepped forwards placing it to the girl's lips. She petit from feebly in surprise. 'You here, Gilbert?' she whispered, 'Am I not in my own room? No! Where am I? Where is Roy?' 'Roy iesat Chetwynd Park,' said Monk, calmly: 'abed and asleep, perhaps-and yen are here.' 'Here;' The girl feebly lifted, herself on one elbow, and stared around herwildly. The sepulchral character of the place was apparent to her at a glance. The coffins in the niches along the walls and on the stone benches, the arches, the flooring, all stone, impressed her with sudden terror he glanced at her own bridelike gar. Sments in increasing wonder and amaze. 'Where am I?' she asked. 'I had a. chill, I remember-and, oh, yes, I was very ill and they told me that I was dying, !apoke to Roy and Sylvia, and then- Where am I-where am 1?' and her wild young voice rang shrilly and sharply through the crypt. 'AlI that happened a week ago,' said M nk, 'You were supposed to have died. This place is Chetwynd burial vault under the parish church in Chetwynn-by.sea. You were cons gned to this tomb to day by your friends wi h all the pomp and cer. monydue to a Marchioness of Chetwynd. Roy is at the Park, attended by the old rector and by my sister Sylvia. I had a suspicion that you were in a trance, and came to see. Your husband believes you dead. Your obituary has been published in ail the papers. Had it not been for me you must have died in yonder coffin, from which I took you. You were buried alive.' To be continueed. 