THE O'BEEEN GHOST. THE WHITE FIGURE OS THE CLIFF. ID®. W. H. Russell nr the Asxr- Jxcaarx.; Wben X came into tbis property x was away abroad, and it was some time before too agent wrote to tell me toe bouse was ready ' forme. X did not know toe country at all, , and 1 bad sever seen toe cliffs of Mober < which rise 700ft. above the Atlantic Tti day I arrived Z took a look at this house, and then walked to the clitrs with a priest with whom X was goitur to dine at Ennisty-' mon. I was astonished and delighted at the spectacle, the ocean rolling in from the west, " The next parish church in America," as hiB reverence said. I had always heard there was some tradition about the Hag's Head and my family— how some old lady who was walking near the cliff was whisked into the sea by a sudden pnff of wind. And there are such puffs! And they're very dangerous! Anyway, the grandson succeeded, and they say the ghost of the old woman began to haunt the cliffs. Well 1 as I was driving home I thought : that as it was a beautiful moonlight sight, and a good breeze was blowing from the' west, I would take a look at the breakers : they were roaring like artillery. So I got out of the gig and told the boy to go home and hid a servant wait up for me. I struck across the sward straight for the Hag's Head. I had got within 70yds. -or 80yds. of it when I saw on the very edge of the cliff a white figure. It was moving: alive and no mistake. At first I thought it was a sheep, but, getting nearer, I perceived that it was a woman in a white dress, with a white rap on her head. Then I remembered that there was some talk at dinmr of a lunatic girl who had escaped out of the asylum atEnnistymon. I made sure that it was she, and I thought I had just arrived in time to ssve her life, poor creature ! My plan was to creep quietly behind her, seize her in my arms, drag her as lax as I could from the edge, then secure her and haul her somehow to the road. I had got close, and was just about to lay hold of her, when " the thing" turned on me such a face as no human being -ever had— a death's head, with eyes glaring out of the rackets, through tangled masses of snow- white hair ! In an instant, with a screech that rang through my brain " the thing" fell or threw itself over the face of the cliff. It was some seconds before I recovered the shock and horror. Then tremblingly I crept on my hands and knees to the verge of the cliff. I looked down on the raging sea. - As . www Wltu VIW U1D imtrtf nwq savr in toe moonlight some white object coming up the face of toe cliff straight to wards me! I am not sopezstitioas or a coward. X tried to persuade myself it was a eeal or a great sea-gall, bat presently- anas and hands were visible — it was crawling hand over hand up toe cliff. X jumped to anj feet and ran for my life towards my boose. As I ran toe yell toe thing gave when it dis appeared over toe cliff was repeated. Look- fag bark there was toe dreadful eight. It came over the green meadow in pursuit of me, came nearer, nearer, not 200 yards behind. I bounded like a deer up the avenue and the door was opened by my man. Again the fearful sound close at . hand. "Sknt! ahut toe door 1 Do yon hear that? The t""" heard r wB«f nf +a room. loohed at my face in the glass; it was psle, but it was not that of a madman. The windows of my bedroom looked on a large garden; the blinds were drawn and the light of the moon fell through them. I was nearly undressed when a shadow was thrown on the counterpane of the bed from one of the windows. There was someone on the sill ! The scream was repeated. A brace of double-barrel pistols lay on the table by my. pillow. . I fired the barrels, bong!. bong bang: at the window as mot as I could pull the trigger. I ran downstairs to the ball. (Ve called up every soul in the bouse, searched every inch of the garden— there was raft soil under my window — not a trace of footsteps nor a ladder I I had my horse saddled at once aud rode to Eanistymon and knocked up the priest. Ihe first question I asked his astonished reverence was, " Tell me, was I drunk when I left yon?" "No, you were aB sober as yon are now, Mr. O'Brien ! " And then I told liim my story. " I never," said his reverence, "heard of anyone but the O'Briens hearing or seeing her, and they hare her all to themselves. £ can't make it out." 