EDLEEN VAUGHAN® OR, PATHS OF PERIL, CARMEN SYL¥A, HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF ROUMANIA, AUTHOR OF "Tub "Wuon's Oitabel," "Leoeot op the caepathians," "TnooanTS of a Qceen," "ROClUKIASt FilEX Taies," " Oct or Two "Woelds," so., &0. [AIE Q UEEESLANE RIGHTS RESER VEE.] CHAPTER JLVll.—(Oantimui.) 'HE NEWS of the disaster affected no one so deeply as Llewellyn. Ho could liardly control himself as; he stood before the ruins of the little ■ ■ homestead and\of her who .had once been Temoiah, and who knew him as little us anyone else. She smiled, and sang, and washed, and hung her linen out to dry, and when fatigue overcame her, she lay down on her mother's grave and covered her self with leaves. "It's nice here!—nice and warm! Anico warm bed!'' sbe would say. \ Kathleen was in a state of mind verging on , insanity. She hardly ever spoke, for fear of betraying herself as she had done on that first day. "What Yaughan thought of her ho keptto himself, and only thanked God that ho had placed his childreu in safe keeping. He went over to the vicarage as often us he found time, for lie could hardly bear to be at home. Itrent his heart to see his adored wife slowly fading, to lock a horrible suspicion in his hreast and be have to Kathleen as if he did not think her a criminal. She shrank from him as from a judge, and cursed TJlia bitterly for having played upon her jealousy and suggested the idea to her that she should go and look at Tom's child; * How sho would have * shuddered,' had she seen TJlla searcliing the ruins of the cottage one moonlit night! Ulla sought after a particular kind of ashes,'and when she found a tiny bone among them, she grinned with unholy delight. She held it up against the moonlight and ex amined it closely to find out to what limb it had belonged. Sho also discovered a tiny, half bumed fragment of a small skull; those were precious troves, and they quickly disappeared in her "bosom. . "The child was destined for my prey, I always knew that. Ashes! ashes! Ay, ay, thou wouldst not abandon it to me. So I sent the little demon and poisoned her heart, know ing what she would do. She will also fall'my prey. She will soon be ripe. She will soon succumb to my power. A little more patience, a very little more patience! As surely as the sand runs, the river rolls, the sea has ebb and flow, so surely will the little demon who kuows hate so well fall my prey. She must only forgot her love first. Ay, ay, little witch, soon, soon, soon, when thou seest thy self cost out and contemned, thou wilt come to mo as surely as the river rolls, the sea ebbs and flows, the moon changes, and the autumn foliage falls! And then I will enslave thee, torture thee, madden thee, make thee a scourge to all mankind. Ay, ay, ay, the wind cuts, the frosts chills, the. fire purifies. The wind shall lash thee, 'the- frost nip thee, the fire cleanse thee, thy body and soul shrill be racked, till thou art ripe, and sly, and strong, and I can leave my realm to tliee, little witch!" Thus murmured "Ulla to herself while she gathered the ashes in her hollow hand, and blow away what did not seem to belong to the remains of the child. Kathleen wandered restlessly about her room of nights and through the forests by day. "Oh, that I.had only confessed at ouce," she moaned. * * But as I was silent then, I dare not speak now, or they will accuse me of arson. "Who knows what they think of me ? If Tom has seen the cross,.I am lost; then he will feci convinced' of my guilt. And Yaughan— Yaughan. How he looks at ine, how lie treats me. I laughed at him the day he spoke to me about Tom; he has not forgotten that. He flunks I have done that'deed. All me, ah me, how wretched I feel. I have not deserved that, for all my wicked thoughts. Oil, why - did I not turn back when I grew uneasy? but I thought Tciuorah would bo there. Temorah alone! "What could she have dono to quench that fire? ah, what indeed?" Thus her thoughts whirled incessantly around one point. Always the same thoughts, always the same. There was no escaping from them. Then she anusod that she ' could never become honest Morgan's wife now, with her heavy conscience and that tenable suspicion upon her, and she grew still sadder. She fancied herself leading n peaceful life at his side, as his loved and honoured wife. "Over, over!" she wailed. If sho had only had a human being to whom she could have unburdened her heart. But an ungovernable dread kept her aloof from every one, joined to the secret conviction that her * story would not be beUeved. She roamed about the autumn-seared country, along the sea-shore, past the copper-green lakes, up to the so-called Devil's bridge that hangs between perpendicular rocks above a rushing torrent, and docs not look as if it had been built by mortal hands. There she leant over, aud thought of .springing down into the cold, turbulent depth below. But her young body shrank from death, and she wandered; on again. . Ono evening sho rperceivcd that die could not got homo before nightfall, unless she forded tlio river, as thero was no bridge across it which she could have reached in time. She unhesi tatingly pulled off her shoes and stockings, and was about to step into the water, when sho felt herself grasped by two strong hands and lifted from tho ground. * "Stop a. liit, my girl," said Tom's voico. .' Ave vc got a Xittlo matter to settle between I us." . *i Let me go! let me go!" screamed Kath leen; "I.won'tbokopt; let me go! I'llKave nothing to do with you!" • ; ^"But I have something to do "with you, my ! girlt_as you shafi see'directly." : He quietly bore her to a cavern near the j lonely bank; - there, in' the damp, dense dark ness, he flung her upon the ground and set his knee on her chest. • "Now then", sweetheart! Prepare for I sentence! Come, make a clean breast of it! Confess your crime!" ""What would you do ? Let me go ! Tom, Tom, I conjure you by all I have done for you, let me go! "What would, you do? Tom, let ' mogo!" - He laid his hand on her throat.; " If you value your life, confess that you set I Temorah's cottage on fire." ' "No, no, no," cried Kathleen, "Ididnot!,J She had sufficient presence of mind'to tell her self that an unprincipled man like Tom would | not hesitate to bring her to thegallows. * Ho tightened his grasp upon her throat. VI will know the truth," he said, coolly, "and I shall know it." V "What shall you kuow when you have J killed me," murmured Kathleen. . He waited awhile, gazing steadily at the white hut resolute face before hiin. Then he j asked once more: • " Did you set Temorah's cottage on fire ?' "No, no, no, I did not!" "If fear cannot extort the truth.from you, love will," hissed Tom, and then Kathleen know she was lost. About the same time, Lewes. was sitting I alone by his lamp, a letter from Edleen before j him, in which she entreated him to procure her ' money. She .had none left. She enclosed a letter from Tom, threatening to commit suicide or to join a gang of housebreakers if she did I not help him at once. ' Lewes sat with his head bowed upon his hands, his emaciated fingers straying among the lank hair which was tliinning day by day. His face was furrowed as witb years of sick ness, his glance lustreless, liis gait uncertain. Owen had been greatly distressed to note these changes iu lus excellent friend, and often dis cussed liis failing health with their employer. But Lewes was always the same faultless man of business, time to liis duty and clear-headed,. foreseeing aud improving every opportunity of | increasing Vaughan's wealth. But the thoughts i which racked the head clerk's brain. were 1 only the bitterer for this. "What was the use of so much opulence ? Edleen was pining j to her grave; he had seen that the last | time he was with her. He had attempted to i beg Vaughan to make some provision for Tom, i but on this point Vaughan was inexorable ; he j could not even bear to bear Tom's name or his ' utter destitution mentioned. On such occasions liis eyes would glitter like steel, his voico would grow harsh and incisive,: and all liis love for Edleen was powerless to soften him, but rather increased his hatred against the author of her sufferings.' She was obliged to beg money of linn now and then in order to hide the fact of her secretv resonrces, which Tom's continued extravagance might otherwise have led him to suspect. Edleen was so agitated every time she had to beg for her prodigal son, that she was obliged to keep her bed before and after the ordeal; for Vaughan could no longer restrain himself, even in. Edleen's presence, whenever the unwelcome topic was resumed. Lewes had. witnessed one of these scenes ; it had been a torture to liim, and he felt as if he dared not place that lovely woman in so dis tressful a situation again. He sat there all j night, only walking up and down now and then j with noiseless steps, afraid of waking anyone in the house, and then dropping into his chair again. " Truly, I love that woman better than uiy own self—better than my honour even! I mean to do what will inako a criminal of me, aud I kuow what it is that I do. I do it in cold blood, for I am perfectly cool; my heart ! does not even heat faster. Perhaps the.Lord will forgive mo in His mercy, on account of my great, great love." * - j The plan he had formed horrified liim. He shuddered to think lie should have beeu capable , of conceiving such au idea. Again his trans- I parent bauds pushed the . thin. hair from his ! temples; a pale - flush suffused his wrinkled i brow and the white marks his convulsive fingers | hud left'upon it. " I am a lost man, a lost man! I am no better j than—— And if I do that howlong will it remain concealed? How long? Oh, if the discovery is only delayed so long as she fives jt will be all the same what becomes of mo after wards. She shall have money, poor woman! I will procure her money that she can die in ! pence. AVny is ho. so bluid ? .What hnrin ; would it do* him to sacrifice a hundredth, thirtieth,-a tenth part of his fortune to secure I her peace ? But no! There ho stands, great, strong, irreproachable, feared, with his exten sive schemes.- What good will they do him | when ho kneels before her coffin ? And a poor man like mo. goes to perdition for her sake! Which of us loves her better, he or I ? Which? If I do this, I lovo her better. Ah, my haughty master, your lovo is inferior to that of tho servant whom you will despise, I dismiss,' and prosecute without pity, with- 1 out remorse, without giving a thought to the motive of his actions/ And all my long honest; faultless career will ho dust and ashes liko the stoues he thinks real to-day and that aro hut so much rubbish. Hitherto I only changed stones; now it' is my own tum to change; now I shall he worthless myself. They will still think me real for a little while, hut then they will east me out like a had shard, and crush me under foot to prove that I had never been Teal. And yet I was true and honest as few men are, skilfol too, and now my very skill must suggest a disgusting expedient to me. "What has that woman made of me with her eyes ? Ah, but when I have become a criminal through her fault, then I will tell her at last/ * For you! To serve you! Out of love for you!' /Fool/fool that I am! She will listen to me with a look of pity, and say: ' Well then, love my poor child, too V That is all she .will say with her gentle voice. I know licr. Don't X know her ?" He laughed out loud. "She will say, 'I am dying; d» not forsake my child!' And then I can answer, ' X will join his gang1.' That is the answer I can make her. -So she shall not know how I find her the money. She. shall never know, or else she will end'with despising mo for what she herself has driven me to. Besides, what does it matter ? I shall go to the devil, and there's an end of it. The firm will not be any the worse for it. I take so little. So small a loss is of no consequence; it will be a long time be fore they notice it at all. And when the dis covery is made, she will be in her grave and my life will be of no importance to anyone. Owen, old friend, liow it will grieve 3*ou! how you will blame and despise me! But you have never loved this woman; 3*ou do not know what it is to love Edleen Vaughan, Owen, old Owen! Such love is a strength and a weak ness of which you have no idea!" He took up his pen to write a business letter. Great'drops of perspiration stood on his fore bead; he - tore what he had written in little pieces nad burnt them with nervous care. "Strange!. I cannot manage it. There must be some formula by which one sells one's soul to the devil, and which silences one's conscience." . . • * He walked to and fro a while; then he sat down again and wrote another, similar letter, hut to a different address. He destroyed it as carefully as the first, but with less agitation. On his third attempt he seemed to have grown j accustomed to the sight of his own handwrit ing. He read the letter over and over again— read it during a whole honr, short as itwa3. Once he seized the sheet as if he wou3d tear it up again; but then liis eyes fell on Edleen's despairing lines, and he refrained. He folded the letter, unfolded it and perused it oncemore, hut finally slipped it into an envelope and wrote the address. And now the letter lay before him, looking exactly like the other letters which littered his desk. But Lewes did not look as he had looked on the previous day; the dim dawn stole through the London fog and showed him aged, and white, and weary, Hke a sceptre, like his own ghost risen from the grave. 