WHAT IS IT. TH« ISTLUBKC* THAT SOMSTIMKS GUIDHJ US AGAINST OUR WILL. " No, I do not believe in ghosts," said sn old lady of great experience, " but I do believe in the ministration of spirits." This is not the ajte nor the country in whieh the supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty if the landlord is willing to knock off a portion of the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence straying our actions. We are led to da things we should not do of our own volition— the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards tben we wonder how we came to do them TV'e are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that wbich guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are looking after. Tbey believe in what they see ; tbe " evidence of things not seen " is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he wants to get well ; he cares little what medical method Is employed if it cures. But if it .does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of tbe physician, and inquire into tbe methods of medication. A happy thine it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. R. W. Edmondson, of Melbourne, writes, 2lst October, 1890 :—"• During the past 16 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in later years my complaint became more acute, sn that I was frequently seised with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, tbe result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered sod I thought this disorder of tbe kidneys and liver would bring about a more serious digease. Finally 1 tried the effect of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did I experience any amelioration in iny condition. ' Tbe use of this medicine speedily wrought a great change and four bottles effected a complete cure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale Street, Melbourne. says :—" 30th October, 1890—For some years I have been suffering from frequent attack" of> gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were ,|a0 out of order- In addition I was afflicted congestion of the liver and periodical bead* acl)e§ o{ g 8evere nature. My suffering was ,ck, removed when resorting to Warner's ^ cuf f whjcb j fook f(iur b*M wben the ^ ^ ^ jn ^ rj ht sjd eau(ed b' the con. of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to bealtby action. t ONE or THB " MOSTLTS ' :—A Ihineflin man, named George Walpole, has learnt to his cost that in a civilised community only such a measure 0f freedom may be exercised as is compatible with social order. Walpole recently made his appearance in the principal street of thesotttberu Edinburgh clad in what must bsve been regarded as tbe latest fashion by the habitues of Princess street. He wore a pair of moleskin breeches, with a blue guernsey drawn over them. A brand new hell-topper surmounted that portion of his anatomy where, in an ordinary person, brains are usually found, and a buge pipe was also a feature in this elegant get-»p. Thus arrayed Walpole calculated rightly that he would - make decided hit on the *• block." People readily re nise(j fbe position, aad the more 8ensjhie ()neB pa8sed the seeming roadman eon- , ,„„„„, J But. unfortunately for Wal- ' f _ . , , _ , -„ , , P ole somc of ,!ie ' ">J e 8 mo!tl ? 8 happened to he on the " block." These formed a ring round the grotesque figure in the blue guernsey and bell-topper, and some fun commenced, whicb necessitated the interference of a cuardian of the peace. A clear case of " insulting behaviour " was there. but Walpole relieved the officer of any doubts as to bis duty by UBiiig bad language, This he denied on his appearance befor.e the magistrate a few dsye later but the Bench elected t() beiieve ,he evidence for the prosecution.. Nor ^ they Perlnjt ijjra to escape with a fine. Walpole : r . , was , , enabled while performing seven n ° ± d a y r 9 b8rd 10 reflect u P nn ,lle vamt 0 1 y worldly things, and to realise that notoriety may be purchased at too great a cost. THC ALLEGED HOBBOBS IB THB PACJTIC.—In the House of Commons, on December 5. Mr. Sunuel -Smith, who (says the European Mail) seems to have a special brief for the Kev. J. G. Pston. the well-known " horror " missionary of tbe New Hebrides, again called attention tn a list of alleged horrors in that part of the Pacific. He also referred to a series of cases mentioned n the Sydney Presbyterian of August 2 last, in which it was alleged tbat forcible recruiting, other-wise kidnapping, of native labourers was still in vogue in the islands. In the course of his reply. Baron de Worms said that he had read a copy of the Sydney paper referred to. The two first cases mentioned had (not been reported home ; but the first was that of a French vessel, and in the second it was not clear whether anything unlawful was alleged. As to the tnird, it was known that the Rev. P. Milne complanied to tbe Queensland authorities, but not what the terms ot the reply were. The Pacific Islanders Protection Acts of 1872 and 1875 make it penal to carry sway a native without bis consent; but in tbe cases mentioned no violation of this law is alleged, and if any Queensland regulation creating and providing penalties for other offences in connection with tbe labour traffic was infringed such infringement must be dealt with by the Queensland Goverment. IT is said that tho benefits which were supposed accrue to American workmen through the operation of tbe M'Kinley Tariff Bill have not been realised. 