THE EED GHOST DANCE. (KEW YOKE WOBLD, K0VEMBDB 2.) The snake dance of the Moqui Indians, the strange sun dance of the northern tribes, the roar dance of the hostaes, and the peace dance with whioh some tribes of men ratify their treaties have all been described. The weird ghost dance with which the Sioux and Shos hoaes are now celebrating what thev believe to be the approach of the Indian milennium has mever been -described, for the reason pro white man. And in the present feeling among the powerful bands encamped bere and at Rosebud, as well as further to the west and north, in Colorado and Montana, it is doubtful if any white man kaown to have seen a ghost dance would live to talk or write much about it. For the very motive of the ghost dance is the resurrection of all -&ce; braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the white man first set foot on American soil and the extermination of the whites. Aad the power to work out this tremendous consummation is to come from the wouderi ul Messiah, the Bed Saviour, reported months ago to have come down from the nappy hunting grorads and lighted on the top el a mountain peak in south-eastern Montana in the -wild country on the borders of the National Park. St.,™;. Thit BMvxtV nTn« ;« -el*. i_ j.i__ — i 'j. I, ____ 4-u» acmuu OIBIIU AS 4*~J.l- Uy LUC WIU.VB IUVU hereabouts who understand the matter is shown by the grttvity with which the«itndttoa is dis cussed. The Indians, instead of attending to their tens and stock and schools, living -m theirosbins and tepees, and pursuing their cus tomarj loafing and visits to the agency build inga.-act-aB though under, a spell. T5ie Indian agetits themselves, who are in the mamcareful and isperienced men out here, look serious when asked their views of the situation. ,. £x-£gent Charles P. Jordan, .mow iicenwd trader at Bosebud, 4ookedvtrouNea whan^akea' the attitude of Ogalklla Sioux, iato which band he married, ana in which he holds the ranktS 'Whiteqhief.' He -said -ttieladians wsrehis. brothers and so were the whites, and he hoped fotpeace. But he did notquie£lthef ears of 'fly informant, who succeeded Uet-evening'ui-Eet 4£ng a glimpse of a ghost dome :in progress at 'the big camp, several mOeE from this agency, ?where the most fanatical apostles of the-new Messiah are said to have ??ado 4heir«ppesr once. ' The situation at the famous Standing :Eock Agency, where Sitting Boll ihas been-«ndea- vouriugto raise a^revolto* the strengthof the promised aid of the New Messiah, is even more serious than at either Bosebud- or ?Pine-Bidge. Agent M'Laughlin has indeed forwarded to Washington a formal report on the general dis affection, showing the aiuming extent to which it prevails. Sitting Bull and 'Kicking Horse, the great Sioux prophet, an about equally re Bponsible for it. They predict the arrival of the lied Men's Millennium as not later than the growth of the new grass in March, 1891. It is isaidthat Bed Cloud7|he «blest and ?wisest of all the Sioux chiefs,' revealed' the' ptot to M-LaugUin. Sitting Boll, who has long been incapacitated by illness ficm activechieftain ship, has regained his strength, and-ia fero ciously desirous of a war against the ' pale faces.' He points to his warlike feats on the battle field of the Little Big Horn, where Custer and his troop were exterminated, and has formed a band of 300 avengers, .mostly young bucks, whom he has worked «p to a fever heat by his glowing accounts of theresto ration of the Sioux nation to its supremacy in the North-west.' His tearas rely on his pro mise that alt the dead Sioux will rise from their graves and that their asmbera, with these re inforcements, -will be amply sufficient to drive out and ' wipe out' the white man even were they not to receive direct .supernatural aid, described later on in thb' -letter, from the Great Spirit himself. ''Kicking Horse goes so far as to say that He has made a. {personal visit to the happy hunting grounds through a ' hole in the ?slouds,' and that he there ibeheld untold tkou saadB of red warriors alien war paint, asaed with their lances and bows and arrowB,and anointed with a mysterious oil which renders their bodies bullet proof ehacld the whites dare to show fight. But Kicking Horse professac to believe that the white man mSl be so overawed by the numbers of the returning braves that they will retire without «i-Jm~». Sitting Bull, who ?xepreaents the urecou cEables, as Bed Cloud does Hie ' progressive' Indians, is supposed to be the chief whom tfce Great Spirit will commission to lead the red men to victory. In the mat of their trium phant progress the grass will £row waist-high an£ theprairies be thick with fo»ff»in andante lope. The story that Sitting Bull has been under the spiritualistic influeaee of a ' Mrs. C. Weldon, of Brooklyn,' who came here to see him €11,1889, and has hadcommnication with the Great Spirit through her, is believed to be withosktfoundation. ;- ?- - ' The ghost dance seems to betntendea as a solwnninnBfiestion to the Indian dead that they are now needed on earth to help ithe '»»'' of their people exterminate the whites' and seize theuown again. It is also a ceremonial welcome, in anticipation of the mtnrning braves, ssd it is at the same tune a dirge. Whether the white men, who are all to die when the Xassiah makes his appeuance, are mourned inadvance in the dirge movement of the chant which is part of the gkostdance seems hard to -surmise. Bnt the wild strains, which my informant's half-breed insto&ctor; in these ghostly; mysteries said foretold the red men's final triumph, were, according to his de scription, certaudy ferocious enough to satisfy thewadestsenaa&on-lover.; The camp this friendly half-breed led his white companion to spy. -upon is in a hd£ow -serrounded by low bare fulls. From summit to asrnmit across the valley would perhaps he a. mile. - The waggons of the braves — many ot Chem as fanners aod frmghters now have their horses and waggons— ara corralled in the centre of 'the valley. A fringe of tents eHrts the bcrders of the camp, and a scare or so of paintec* tepees are the lodging places of the irreconcilable old ejuaws and bucks, who have never ginea in to 'progressive' notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like white people. The oxen', bulls and cows, pigs and chickens issued to these Indians by the Government for breeding purpoKs— f or in the eye of the law most of them are farmers — have been driven into tha valley also, and are lariated or cooped on the outskirts of the camp, where they are being killed and eaten at a rapid rate. The atmosphere was dank and murky when, two nights ago, my half-breed friend set out for the camp. After on hour's laborious walk:, and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of the hill to the west of the camp was reached about 9 o'clock. The lights of {he camp fires, on which the evening meal had been cooked, were gradually allowed to die out and several old squaws could plainly be Been moving in and out among the darkening embers. About three hundred yards east of the foot of the hill on which the spies were seated in a clump of stunted evergreens was an open space, of an acre in extent, towards which the squaws seemed now urging, now driving the rest of the band. Around the outer rim of this open space fires were kindled of wood that seemed to have been smudged, as there was little or no flame, only a dull red glow and a profuse pale grey smoke, which, rising from all sides at tutus, lunaw n sun oi canopy over we sosne, through this cloud by fits and starts the old : squaws could be seen forming the warriors in rows around the eastern edge of the expanse, with the younger bucks and squaws in rows behind them. The warriors in the front row were kneeling, the squaws behind them sit ting, and the younger bucks standing behind Then the old squaws retired to the western edge of the open ground, where they were screened from observation by the bush, and remained ont of sight for about ten minutes. During this time the picture was wild and impressive in an unusual degree. Seen by the smoalderine light of the fires built inaleng oval about forty feet infront of the line, the — *tr i ****** 'tt wumen Bull (fnuuren De hind them, knelt, or sat and stood in absolute silence. They were all waiting— just what for the half-breed on the hoi didn't know. When a fire would burn up too bright and Dlnminate too clearly the solemn groups near it, a squaw would go and pull the fagots away from the coals and subdue the flames. When the old squaws returned they joined hands and knelt down to the centre of the open. They began chanting what sounded at first like a death song, but now ani again swelled into savagely tniimphnnt yells. The smoke only started at intervals and while the chant was going on, but while the strange scene was shut from view the warriors advanced from the ranks and, joining hands in a larger circle around the old squaws, began the ghostdance. Their chant was less ehriU than that started by the squaws and was not so plainly heard. A portion of it seemed lamentation for their dead ; then came the invocation to the dead to arise and come help their bretheren exterminate the white man. The squaws had not been observed to leave the circle they had formed, but as the warriors' chant swelled into what the half-breed said was the invocation to the departed Sioux to come back to earth, the old hags, one by one, Btole like shadows under the linked arms of the braves, each with a burning which fell with grey ghastliness on her painted face. This light for the first time made visible to the watchers the facesa the braves them selves, and it was now seen that they were in full war paint. THB BIG CHIEF ASB AGEXT. The old women passed through the circle ike a procession of spectres, each carrying a taper of grave-wax to light her unaccustomed feet over the rough surface of the valley. At all events that was what their wildpeformonce looked like from the hill-top, and before the processKmhadmore than half passed through the circle the smoke grew eo thick and the clouds above the valley so dense that the half-breed spy declared the immediate necessity of a return to the Agency. Enough had been seen of the ghost dance,, which' had then barely be gun, for report says it lasts well into the moming} and indeed till everybody connected with it is exhausted, to bring out clearly at least one significant fact. And that was that the bucks had war paint on their faces. There is talk here that the Mormons are en couraging the Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Idaho Indians to look forward to the extermi nation of the soldiers, agents, and all the^white men in authority— except the Mormons— when the Bed Saviour comes. That strange Indians who may have come from tile West, and may even claim to have been in the immediate vicinity of the new Messiah, have iyuyntly joined the Sioux at these agencies is fndis pu table. They are spoken ofas apoBfles of the new religion, and it is by their advice that the Indians have gathered Into camps, given ;up worlc of all kinds and gone to eating, praying, singing and dancing— until the Millanninm comes. APOSTLES OF THS HEW CBEKD. j t^^ The excitement btgan among the S ou at the great council of the Sioux nation, held about the middle of September on Bad Bivcr, some fifteen miles above Pierre, S. Dak. White men were excluded from the council, just u they «re from the ceremonies m the camps in. this vicinity, but a Vesy well informed gentleman, named W. T» TomJdns, who has ridden in pursuance of im business ?dfoiog 'the past few weeks tiuoagti«£reatdeal of the Sioux country, sayithittlnt fanatical mania, which seems to have brittfcold of the Bakdta «ed man is the directrespit of the ex bortatKras of Mm Tnfliim »minniri»i fromMon tsna, where the Messiah was said first to have been- seenlastcpring. ^ Wiio in the East had supposed that this strange agitation about a Messiah had reached sneh'apitch among the Bed men ihatemissa- ; ries were actually despatched many hundreds of miles from one tribe to another to urge them ^e-make^ieady for the ap»««auice-»t^B«eix AnUawju l««jtf^hii«»J lf%im r«i Jin&Tff;, ftiii'n ?creed? fia mauFttticle i**he beli© . tMtithe jpnaent^nriacajeljihs l$pmitaierJiijBjH)pti tentwill bo covered thirtyfeetdeep'.byanew stratum of soil, which «*»«i' be ifiWfawi by Indians only, and be thick with gameaatesxe: the prairies before the white mancame. BeaanhV this new stratum the white man andtnsicifiei' and his railroads and his steamboats «n9 bis civilisation shall be boned, in the twinkling of an eye, and the New World shall be as if ithad never known him, or at least aa it-was .300 years ago. But the Indians— and bare is * a strange thing — shall sot be whelared. in the general ruin. ZFheywill be enaoweilwilh a RiiTH*rniiflinl?*afa^nfp& lfr--VTmn c' j^fn. tt, dimcoltieB blthe 'ofram'oo, «nfl w31 squirm though the-«ew eofl iiiiffl^ after' much labour and many soars and lamentations, the Bad man shall at test struggle ont to the new surface ef the new eanh where they will find grass waist&ighand; immense herds ot oulralo, antelope, ana wild Iicrses ready at hand ! There is sometiuBg touching in this happy restoration. To reach it the refanan must pass throughhis purgatory— the new earth stratum. No pale4svce will .ever be jsermiitedjo mar the serjnityi-f these Et-sianTieidB/nor will the game die* ont or 'be -S**en'away. Tifibns of these veritable Happy Hunting Grounds aro seen in Hie ghost dasoe toy -&e; warriors, who spin around in .a religious deErium until they fall in a trance. Id lids trance the ghosts of the dead braves and d sparted chiefs are said to come and tell them of tiiesev? glories to crown the red man. This by soce is said to give its name to the dance. fiy* ^'^*r. XXOXA37 ipi*i^itjwi-y^-p_ The outbreak ofl&e; Whit£iHiSer|tJfeBi who havejeft.the urn ii-(inn~inr ftafiiaiftgbneinto Colorado' to kill Mock, is - teUevedSiere to be partjoTa general^rafeiug gyjuninart to the It is known that fiie'jfez g roy njgjt j Jnllen. a band at thattowB a»dfm inaaSio] jipal de mand that the wS&ei; 1ig»i l^comtry, ' to which'they liave ntftitte. 'tlfiese arethe same Kez Perces who took pact -in the massacre of !»-/. luey are oissatiened -with their reserva tion at La Fivia, and are said to threaten again to overrun that vast stretch -of northern Idaho known as Camas Prairie. The excitement among the Cheyennes, Kiowas,and Cbinaoches is scarcely less. Cap tain TrimUeton, of the Seventh United States Cavalry,. Commandantat BortSill, is known to have' dedaied within * KDRXveekBthatinhis opimon ^U^b greatest -^ndunflxprising of recent fames is certain to come soon,' as ' the Indians have got the idea that the Great Medicine Han is coming to wipe out the whites and restore to them the ownership of the country.' ' Captain iTrimbleton is known as a man of experience And discretion. His declaration ihat the 5,000 ilndiaas about Fort 801 kave renounced Christianity and entered upona series of incan dationsandfanatical orgies is certainly worthy ?ot note. ' Whether or not tfce Government jTmnlfl double the frontier garrisons ia a ques tion for the Government to, decide. \ ' ~ AEE THB BH)tnc arAEVDtoS . . gae opinion in this jwut of Baijita'-is 13^t theSioux liave been so badly Ji^ed jby^e Govsmment lately thai SSr SisaSeotJon has mmeh to Justify it. The aettters along- fhe -edges of flu- great Sioux reservation «re un doubtedly alarmed. ? These are the facts, to which there is abun dant testimony, on which ills said the £ioux make outa strong case in equity against Code Sam. In June, 1889, the Sioux signed a teaaty for the cession of a^art of their reservation to the Government. Theytave not received one cent of tine consideration due them for that ces sion. General Crook was with the opmnuaBOo that secured their signatures to the treaty; General Croak had been their conqueror, anc atterwaids their benefactor and friend. They knew him and believed in him', and there is' no doubt that it was owing very largely to his in fluence that the treaty was ratified.' ? ? It was General Crook who promised the Sioux thfl.t_theG0Ternment would pay them in. foil and promptiyfDrihairlandE, and that their rights should be respected. The Sioux have been repeatedly deceived by agents of the Caited States Government, notably when the attempt, that so nearly resulted, in 1878, in war. was made to remove them by force to Hie IGs eouri Elver, but they trusted Crook. Now that Crook is dead the chiefs say that his Govern ment has failed absolutely to carry out his pro mises. Owing to the delay inthe passage by Con gress of the Indian Appropriation Bail not only the Sionx, but the Tna;«»i. of the entire country have been and are suffering for food. It is now October, and the suppliesdue in July have not yet been sent out to them. Ai a re sult they listen all the more eagerly to the emissaries who have come from that 'part of Montana where the Messiah is said to have been seen. The idea of an approaching mnian^fir^ and the extinction of the -whites renders' the reservation Indians all the more willing to eat their breeding sheep, cattle, and fowls, anH quit work of every kind. The Sioux at these two agencies— Pine Eidge and Bosehod— are re ceiving scarcely anything at all, even under the reduced census apportionment, instead- of the full rations they are entitled to. All this time since July the Government sup plies cot hen hare been, of courts, aiminuhmg.' ihere will soon he nothing at all on hanSto feed the Indians except scanty rations of beef . Suppose, as has been the case in tha mL «tn rations of beef were issued to take the place of the rations of flour, etc., for which there is aiow no material on hand. The result would he certain starvation, for then the beef also would give out. It is useless to attempt to reason with starving Indians, especially when the mysterious apostles from Montana- and Utah have succeeded in. convincing hundreds of the Sioux thatwhen the Messiah appears their struggle for their rights will at last be crowned with success, and the hated whites and lying Government agents will bepunished as they deserve. Why shouldthey and their children starve in a land of plenty? indeed, a man officially acquainted with the Sioux for twenty-five years said to me yester day : 'Broken treaties, delayed appropriations and religious frenzy have combined to make the Indians feel that the werst has come to tha mwABb, Ulu HM WVU EX X1U AU3SBUU1 '«'H» fiDST might as well die fighting, with their wives and children around them, as -see -their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that owes thema living and has abundant means to pay that debt were it so disposed. By the very failure to deliver them then* supplies in July, when they were due, the Government has, as a last stroke of cruelty, deprived the Sioux of the opportunity to earn money by freighting these supplies. There was nothing to haul, so they have been deprived not only of their Govern ment food, but of almost their only opportunity to make money enough to buy food eke where.' 