Bathurst City Mission. ——♦—— ANNUAL REPORT. The annual meetings in conncction with City Mission was held last evening in the Oddfellows' Hall, but was very poorly attended. The chair was occupied by Rev. Dr. Geekie, and there were on the platform : Revs. Charles Stead, Beecher, E. Price and D. Jackson Messrs. J. Stretton and — Bowmaker (City Missionary, Sydney). The meeting was opened with singing, prayer and reading of Scriptures. The chairman apologised for the absence of Ven Archdeacon Campbell and Mr. F. Crago (Mayor), who, if in town would have occupied the chair. REPORTS. Rev. E. Price then read the following : — ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BATHURST CITY MISSION COMMITTEE FOR THE YEARS 1890-1. Your Committee, have once more to say that amidst may grave anxieties, difficulties and efforts, they are still able to carry on the in- creasingly important work of the Bathurst City Mission. There have been several changes in their plans of operation during the past year. Thus, it was judged desirable to separate the work amongst the Chinese from the City Mission work properly so called. This separation was decided on in April last, and since then, the two efforts have been going on under different committees of management, financial and general, and it is hoped that the results have justified the change. A concert in aid of the City Mission was given in the Masonic-hall in the month of May last ; and your committee have to thank, as they cordially do, the Liedertafel and Philharmonic Societies for the valuable help they so cheerfully rendered on that occasion, while they gladly recognise the much appreciated services of various ladies and gentlemen not formally con nected with either of these societies. The amount realized by the concert was about £30, which came very opportunely. The continuance and maintenance of 'the Home' have given your committee much anxiety; and here, too, changes have been made, for it has been decided to place Miss Fyfe at the head of this much needed institu- tion, while a convenient cottage has been rented in Lambert street for the institution, at a charge of 10 shillings a week, and so far the arrangement has proved satisfactory. Your committee believe that they could not have engaged a more suitable superintendent than Miss Fyfe and all who know her will endorse this opinion. Of course, all this work means ex penditure and help ; and your committee have to thank, and do very thankfully acknowledge the donations of friends engaged in the various industries of the city; donations of the most acceptable kind. They appeal too, to all charitable persons to help them in this obvious duty. Your committee also take this oppor tunity of saying that they are endeavoring to make the institution help to pay its own expenses by taking in laundry work of all kinds, and doing this at rates, and in a manner which can injure no one and will, it is hoped, give satisfaction to all. Your committee do most earnestly commend this branch of 'the home' work to all who can help it. Your committee have again to acknowledge the exertions of these ladies who, during the past year, have collected funds for the insti tution. Their services have been invaluable. They refer to the list of monies collected, that the supporters of the City Mission in its various branches may see how great have been the efforts put forth by the ladies who have interested themselves ia this work. It gives your committee special satisfaction also to acknowledge the generous and large as- sistance given by the ladies who planned and car ried out to a successful issue the 'German Fair.' The weather was peculiarly unfavorable, but in spite of this the 'Fair' realized no less a sum than £73, duly payed in to the Treasurer. It is to be a hoped that an examination of the lists given in to the various collectors and of the sum realized in this effort, will stir us all up to con certed and vigorous action during the coming year. If once the thoughtful and truly benevo lent in Bathurst and its neighborhood knew what the City Mission and the Home aim at and are doing, your Committee feel assured that with methodical action on the part of their most active friends, the monies needed for their support will be found. Our esteemed missionary, Mr. Stretton, goes on indefatigably with his work ; a work most laborious and trying in many ways. Of this he will speak in giving in his own report. The City Mission work has sustained a heavy loss by the death of Mrs. Sloman. The deceased lady was its painstaking treasurer, and few of its committee meetings were held at which she was not present to advise and to help. We miss her, and we sympathise deeply with those in her own circle who miss her still more. She was one who did not think her duty done when she gave what she could : she believed in working as well as giving. In conclusion, your committee feel that there never was a greater need for the City Mission in Bathurst than exists at the present time. Good has already been done by the existence in the past, and trusting in God, whose work it is, they enter on the many responsibilities of another year, with the hope and the prayer that still larger good will yet be effected. MRS. STEWART'S REPORT. After the closing of the Mission Home in Wil- liam-stteet, owing chiefly to the want of funds to carry it on, so many painful cases requiring shelter came under the notice of the Ladies' Committe, that they resolved to make a special effort to re-open on fresh lines, and to make the 'Home,' as far as possible, self-supporting. The sum of £100 was collected, mostly from gentlemen in the district, and at once a cottage was taken in Lambert-street, at the rent of 10s per week. It was plainly furnished and a good laundry fitted up. Miss Fyfe, late of the Bath urst Hospital, was elected matron, and on the 1st September entered on her duties. Since then the number of cases received has been eight; at present its inmates number three. The laundry has done well on the whole and now it is increasing considerably, promising soon to pay all expenses. Owing to the kindness and generosity of various storekeepers and tradesmen, the ex- penditure has been very small, and of Miss Fyfe's good management and care- ful thoughtfulness the committee cannot speak too highly, and also of her wise and judicious rule over those under her care, all of whom speak of her with gratitude and respect. Our committee would like to express their thanks to Mr. Stretton for many acts of help and kindliness, and feel that they can confidently assert that the 'Home' is now fairly on its way to success. If success means lifting wretched women and young girls out of the misery and degradation into which they have fallen, clothing, feeding, inspiring them with fresh hope and leading them to feel that life has still some happiness in store for them, getting them into respeotable service and looking well after them wherever they are ; never despairing of any, no matter how often they fail by the way, and seeing many restored to brighter and better lives; then we have a right to claim that 'The Home' is a success, for this is the work it has done and is now doing. Our committee trust that many hearts and purses will be opened when it is realised how practical the object is and how great its need; and may many pray that those who toil in this distressing and often most difficult and disap pointing of all 'labors of love' may be cheered and comforted in remembering the words of the Great Master: 'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these, my brethren, ye have done it unto Me.' BALANCE SHEET. The financial statement showed that sub scriptions from all services were £125 11s 10d ; proceeds of concert, £27 14s 6d ; Mr. Stretton's open air meetings, £5 0s 11d; proceeds of German Fair, £73 19s ; donations to Mission Home, £102 13s ; the remainder being small sums making a total of £353 12s 6d. The overdraft at the beginning of the year was £84 4s 1d, and the subsequent expenditure was : Mr. Stretton's salary, £150 ; Mission Home expenses, in- cluding salary of matron and rent, £128 10s ; the balance of the expenditure was connected with the concert and entertainments, &c.; and the overdraft was reduced to £22 15s 8d. The Chairman moved — That the reports now read be received and express satisfaction with the work of the com- mittee and the efforts of the missionary, pressing at the same time, on all Christian and philanthropic persons, the duty of aiding in this work, that so the year now beginning, may shew increasing strength and prosperity. Rev. D. Jackson seconded the motion. All would agree that the work in which the committee had been engaged was a good one, and it was satisfactory to know that good results had followed their efforts. He re ferred to the manner in which Mr. Stretton had performed his part. During his (the speaker's) residence in Bathurst he had seen how earnest he was in the work, and the manner in which he kept at it. The work was of a difficult character, and needed a great expenditure of thought, anxiety and nerve energy, as well as physcial force. If Mr. Stretton had not been a very strong man he must certainly have broken down under the strain. The speaker regretted that the attendance was not larger, and ex pressed surprise that those for almost whom the work was done did not attend. He did not know whether the society was being supported as liberally as it had formerly been, but the members who supported it were comparatively few. The speaker went on to give a lengthy exposition of the words 'Philanthrophy' and 'Humanitarism' after which he again read the resolution, the adoption of which he seconded, and the motion was carried. Mr. Stretton next read the following— REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDING OCT. 31, 1891. To the chairman, friends, and subscribers of the above Mission : — I am reminded by the ever onward march of time, that this is the annual report I have presented to my committee and friends, and take this opportunity of publicly thanking our Heavenly Father for His many mercies bestowed upon me, and the work of the Mission during the year. It is pleasing to report that during the year just closed satisfactory work has been done. I have good reason to believe that my humble efforts in this Christlike Mission have been owned of God to the salvation of our fellow men. I know of twelve (at least) that have been brought out of darkness into light, from the power of sin unto God, and are now walking in the fear of God, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost. Many others have been lifted up into a more comfortable and moral conditon of life. The Chaplain of the Prison during the year wrote to me, thanking me for past services in the prison, and at the same time wishing those services to cease. This letter was laid before the committee, who desired me to comply with the wish of the Chaplain, and so the service ceased. I still, however, continue to visit special cases in the prison. I regret to say the indoor services at the Mission Hall have been discontinued for lack of funds to meet the required rent. Our dear friend, Mrs. Fox, has given very valuable services to the Mission during the year, whioh have been highly appreciated by the committee. Our friends will doubtless remember that the Mission Home was given up for a time, the rescue work however still went on, and by the vigorous efforts of our noble President, the Home was re-opened in September last, the work of raising the fallen is now carried on successfully by the committee. Miss Fyfe, matron in charge, is a worthy addition to the staff of Christian workers in this city. I cannot close this report without thanking Dr. Spencer for professional advice and medi cine so very cheerfully and generously given to the needy poor and the patients in the Mis sion Home, and to the many friends who have gives food and other requisites for their com fort. The following statistics will give some faint idea of the work for the year :— Home visits and calls, 2340; read and prayed with, 632; sick persons visited, 370 ; hospital visits, 52 ; outdoor services, 71 ; indoor services, 13; prison services, 6 ; tracts distributed, 1420 ; temper ance pledges given, 62 ; fallen women rescued, 37; cases of distressed relieved, 65; employ ment found for, 56, Bibles given away, 5 ; professed conversions, 12. Thus our friends will see the hungry have been fed, the naked clothed, the sick and in prison visited, and the poor have had the Gospel preached unto them. Having read his report he replied to the remarks of the previous speaker with reference to the absence of those for whom these efforts were put forward. He could, without diffi- culty, have had the room filled by these people had he given a personal invitation ; but acting on the advice of Mr. Bowmaker, of Sydney, he did not adopt this course. The people they required at their meetings were those who would be roused to assist them in their work, and interest themselves in push ing it forward. On the motion of Rev. Charles Stead, seconded by Rev. D. Jackson, the report was adopted. Mr. Bowmaker moved— That this meeting believes that home mission work has a special claim on the people of every land, and that home mission and rescue work is greatly needed in Bathurst. This meeting also feels that the work now going on in Bathurst is the work of all who bear the name of Christians, irrespective of class or creed. This meeting also feels that, apart from Christian duty, so obvious in this case, the community at large has a deep interest in the success of the efforts now pleaded for, and commends it to the public in this town and neighborhood as work, the success of which, they most earnestly desire. He said that one quality which was essential in a city missionary was that of stupidity, and being like an Englishman who never knew when he was beaten. In addition to having a good knowledge of scripture, it was necessary for them to have tact and perseverance. In pursuing his work, he was often placed in very peculiar circumstances, and bad difficulty in getting out- of scrapes. Soon after his conversion he was strongly impressed with the command of Christ to go into the world and preach the gospel to every living creature, and he felt that it was imperative upon him to do something. Small attendances at meeting's never affected him. He had been encouraged frequently by a story he had once heard m minister at Surry Hills relate, that minister being one of those occupying a seat on the platform that night. The story ran that two lads were outside a meeting house playing marbles. The leader of a prayer meeting asked them to enter. They did so, and the meeting proceeded, the two boys and the leader constituting the audience. The impression made on the mind of one of the boys was such that he was afterwards converted and entered the ministry. He had done noble work since then as a minister of Christ. This anecdote frequently helped him when conducting his work. He (the speaker) had often to fill the position of precentor, usher, cleaner, and 'chucker-out.' At times when mothers had come to the meeting with troublesome babes who would not keep quiet he himself had taken the child in his aims and nursed it while he went on with the service, so that the mother and other members of his congregation should not be disturbed. The speaker went on to relate some of the instances which had come under his notice while engaged in this work of self sacrifice. He entered the homes of sin, misery, and squallor, and there preached Christ. Often he was ordered away from the places, and frequently he failed to gain admission ; but he had had frequent proofs that beneath the rough exterior there was a a kind heart, and many who had once strongly opposed him were now his greatest helpers. Works of charity and deeds of love were performed times and again, and in return for these, insult and abuse were given. He strongly advocated house to house visitation. This was the backbone of city mission work, and without it the missionary could not succeed. He urged upon all Christian people the importance of the work. Rev. — Beecher seconded the motion which was carried. The chairman said that the resolution had been framed to meet a class of people who were always complaining about sending their money in support of mission work abroad, but neglecting their own home work. He found that although these complaints were frequent, those who refused to help in the cause of foreign missions did not come for ward to the help of City Mission. He hoped the resolution would have a beneficial effect upon them. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. On the motion of the chairman, seconded by Rev. H. Jones, it was resolved — That the following persons be the office bearers and committee of the Bathurst City Mission for the year 1891-2, viz :— President, Mrs. Stewart : Committee, Mrs. J. Busby, Mrs. Barton, Mrs. Palmer, Mrs. Webb, Mrs. Sydney Webb, Miss A. Sloman, Ven. Archdeacon Campbell, Revs. Dr. Geekie, E. Price, C. Stead, Messrs. J. S. Adam, W. J. C. Ross; Treasurer, W. H. Paul, with power to add to their number. The doxology was then sung and the meeting closed. 