THE ? |a0jga ' Tins is true liberty, when freeboro men,' Hut-hit* to fldviso th« public, mayspeAk freo.* llFLTOK. SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1891. THE BABBIT QUESTION. The references made by Mr. Gormly, in his address on Tuesday evening, to the rabbit question, should be viewed as important by the selecting class in this portion of the colony. There are few members of the Legislative body better qualified to pronounce an au thoritative opinion on the subject, for Mr. Gormly has not only a thorough knowledge of all parts of New South VValeB, but he has given to the con sideration of this question the shrewd practical sense and powers of observa tion for which he is noted. Mr. Gorm ly, we are pleased to see, agrees with the opinions expressed in these columns, when adverting to the subject, that there is but little fear of rabbits be coming the dangerous peat in this district they have proved in the more sparsely-peopled parts of the country. According to Mr. Gormly, there are conditions existent in our soil and climate calculated to retard the spread of the plague, and he backs this state ment with facts of a highly corrobora tive character. Thus, he says that around Albury, Oulcairn, and Oorowa rabbits have never appeared in any numbers, although there is little doubt they were introduced there years ago. He also says that rabbits were re ported as being numerous in the Narandera district seven or eight I years ago, but if that was the case it is certain they have made little head way since. It is certainly remark able that the pest should be so little troublesome in this portion of Riverina when it is considered that in Upper Riverina and the Lachlan district their ravages have had such ruinous effect. We have always held that the real remedy for the rabbit pest, was the settlement of the country, and, probably, to the comparative density of population in the Murrum bidgee district, more than to any other cause, may be ascribed its immunity from the pest. With small holdings, and a vigilant and industrious population, it can well be supposed the rabbits would be kept under without reaort to any expensive measures of protection. It is princi pally for the vast tracts held as grazing properties in the Western Division any special legislation on the subject was ever necessary, and it is questionable, indeed, whether even in that case, legislation was the best wav of dealing with the difficulty. No in considerable number hold the opinion that a much better plan would consist in cutting up these immense properties into moderate sized blocks, and leasing them with a condition that the Grown tenants should become responsible for clearing the rabbits off their holdings. Parliament, however, in obedience to ceaseless agitation, was hurried into the passing of a most defective Act, which, as Mr. Gormly points out, can be used to perpetrate gross injustice on the small holders unless they take prompt action to guard their interests. The Act, aa we previously pointed out, giveB the Government power to pro claim any portions of the colony they may think proper " infected dis tricts," upon giving 30 days' notice in the Government Gazette; When the proclamation comes into force, land holders within the proclaimed area may proceed to erect rabbit-proof fencing, either singly or in groups, and oblige the occupiers of all adjoining lands to bear one-half the expense. It may be admitted that this provision is justifiable-if an aot of the kind can be held to have been at all necessary where the country is only held by large holders in areas ranging from 100,000 to 1,000,000 acres. But the expense would most decidedly prove a heavy tax upon the selecting class, and one they should not be called upon to bear without good reason. It would appear, however, that it is a tax with which they are now threatened throughout this electorate, unless they act very promptly. In the Government Gazette of the 1st May a notice appeared, announcing the proclamation of a large extent of country as infected under clause 13 of the Rabbit Act. This area includes all the districts, roughly speaking, lying between Junee Junc tion and Albury on the Great Southern line, and also takes in Ooolamon, Nar andera, Jerilderie, arid Urana. If no steps are taken in the meantime, all this country will be brought under the provisions of the Rabbit Act on the 1st June, and the large holders within the area will be in a position to seri ously oppress their neighbours by at once proceeding with the erection of rabbit-proof fencing, the latter being obliged to pay one-half the cost. Now, on the face of it, the Act in this instance is being used for the authori sation of a gross wrong. The small holders in this part of the colony form, at least, three-fourths of the settlers on ^the land, and it is Clearly against all principles of justice that they should be | obliged to bear any part of the expense of a work undertaken for the benefit only of their wealthier neighbours. It certainly was not on representations made by the selec tors that the Minister issued ; this proclamation. In doing so, he must have been wholly influenced by the large estate owners, because it is they alone who express any dread on the subject of the rabbit pest in these districts. The selectors, as a body, are confident of being able to cope with all the rabbits likely to make their appearance, and it is, there fore, little short of an arbitrary misuse of power to force them into an expen dituro they can ill-afford. In view of all the circumstnces, we would strongly advise the Minister before putting this proclamation in force to institute more searching inquiries on the subject, which, we have not the slightest doubt, will re sult in convincing him that our representations with reference to it are correct. The Minister, we feel sure, has no desire to work this &.ct oppressively, and in this instance, it is easy to believe that he has simply been misled. It is possible that to a portion o£ the great extent of country men tioned in the proc'amation, the provi sions of the Rabbit Act might be applied without injustice, but that is certainly not the case where small holdings are in the majority. Where this state of things prevails, it might very well be left for the large land owners to bear the expense themselves of making their fences rabbit proof. We know, that in all matters affecting their own interest, an apathy is dis played by the selecting class from which it is difficult to arouse them. It is only when an evil really becomes burdensome that, in the majority of cases, they are roused to resent it. Then, possibly; they commence a half- hearted agitation for its removal, which it requires a long time to effect. But if, in the first instance, they had been thoroughly alive to their own interests, they could have prevented the greater number of the evils com plained of from ever coming into existence. It is to be hoped the cul pable apathy distinguishing them will not now be displayed relative to this question of rabbit fencing. It can be taken for granted that Messrs. Gormly and Copland are willing to do all they can to ward off from the selec tors the injustice with which they are threatened, but their efforts, to be effec tive, must be aided by those on whose behalf they are ready to do battle. If the selectors properly appreciate the situation, it is their duty to Let the Minister know their wishes on the subject. If they fail to do so now, they cannot complain, here after, that they have not been fully warned. THE date of the first shooting of the Cavalry Corps, for the Lorimer trophy, has been altered from Wednesday next to the following Saturday. This alteration has i been made on account of the butts having previously been engaged for another com petition. A SALE of crown lands will be held at the Local Land Office on Friday, June 12, when a number of allotments in the village of Taroutta will be offered at auction by the Crown lands agent. THE auctioneer, Mr. Bland Clayton, an nounces elsewhere, that Mr. J. B. Crowe's sale of stock, farming implements, household furniture, &e.;, has been. postponed till Friday, 20th instant. THE Rev. M. Maddern will deliver Bn address in the Wesleyan Church, on Sunday evening, oa " A Fool and his Money. A SPECIAL cheap excursion train will leave Albury for Sydney on Friday next, at 2.15 p.m. Full particulars are given elsewhere. A MEETING of Sheepowners will be held in the Town Hall, on Friday, 22nd instant, a notice of whioh appears ia our advertising columns. INTENDING pupils of the Technical School are reminded that theclasB for drawing (male students only) opens in the School of Arts on Monday evening next. A day class will also be formed for the convenience o£ country pupils and others who are unable to attend at night. A sufficient number of names' has been received for the Cookery class, which may be expected to be established shortly. THEBE are on view, in the window o£ P. W. Lorimer and Co,, a number of very handsome trophies, presented as prizes for competition by members of the local Fire brigade. The prizes will be distributed as follows:-One Man Engine Competition-. first prize, Gold medal, presented by Mr. J, Nash ; second prize, silver albert, presented by Mr. W. B. Murray. Two Men Engine Com petition-two cruets, presented by Messrs/ G. Sharp and P. W. Lorimer, respectively. Two Men Hose and Reel-two silver-mounted pipes, presented Dy Messrs. Forrest and Hunter, respectively. Two Meu Hydrant and Hose-two silver tea pots, presented by Messers. Lorimer and J. J. M'Grath. The competition will take place on Monday, 25th instant in Gurwood-street at 9 a.m. IN conneotion with the sports to be held at the Junction Inn on Monday, 25th inst., pedestrians are reminded that the nomina tions for the Flying aud Open Handicaps close with Mr. J. Dawson this evening. THE Wagga Town Band announce that they will hold their next dance on Thursday evening, in the Protestant Hall, J TOMORROW being Whit Sunday special musical arrangements have been made for the services in St. John's Churoh. The following is the order of the service:-Morning : Hymn 155, " Yenite " (Burry), Psalms for the day, "Te Deum" (Hopkins), "Jubilate" (M'Farren), anthem, "Come, Holy Ghost " (A'.twood), " Kyrie " (Burry), Hymn 154. Evening: Proper Psalms, "Magnificat," " Nunc Dimittis " (Bennett), anthem, "Come, H jly Ghost (Attwood), hymn 207, hymn 22. IT is notified in our advertising columns that the general municipal rate for the current year has been fixed nt Is. in the & for all rateable property within the Borough. The lighting rote has beou fixed at in the £, and the wtier rate at Is. in the £. A MEETING of Sh ipowners will br> held at Narnndera on Thursday, 21st instant, for the purpose o£ forming a branch of the Pastoralist's Union. A BACHELOR'S Ball will be held at Cross Roads on Saturday evening, 23rd inst. IN another column i- given a schedule, allowing thu boundaries of certain districts, which, it is announced, will shortly be pro claimed rabliit iufested. WITH reference to the rumours that diphtheria had made its appearanoe in town, we hive the authority of Dr. Hillas for saying that not a single case of the kind has been brought under the notice of any of the medical men in Wagga, THE medical board appointed to inquire into the sanity of James Johnston went to Ballarat on Wednesday (the Age says), and at once proceeded to make their examina tion of the prisoner. The result was tele graphed to the Chief Secretary during the day, as foltows :-" Wo are unanimously of opinion Johnston is sane." This finding I >3 identical with the confidential medical report sent to the Chief Secretary last week, on which Mr. M'Lean baaed his inaction, there being no reason to interfere with the course of the law. By the Executive meeting on Monday tho execution was merely postponed till 10 o'clock on Monday next, aud it will in nil probability take place accordingly. Tho roport of the board places the matter in tho same position as it was last week, and it is not likely the Executive will take any further proceedings. Tne Barealdine correspondent of the Argus wired on Thursday :-There seems to be now little prospect of an early termination of tho strike. The unionists who have been parley ing in private, have made no definitu recognised approach to tho Pastoralists' ex ecutive, and the latter leave here by train to-morrow morning for Rockhampton, with full power" to proceed immediately with tho importation of additional shearers to tho full number required to complete tho work of the diBtriot. Tho Cantors' Union is holding a meeting at presont which may not terminate until midnight, but from what has transpired duriug tho day thero is every reason to believe that tho members will decide to still hold out. They appear, liko the Bhearers, to bo buoyed up by the hope that tho pastoralists will not be able to obtain teams. The delusion will be very serious in its con sequences to most of them,, ft" they aro all men who have something to lose. 