THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. Author of 'Treasure Island,' ' Kidnapped, - ' The Strange Story of Dr. JeUyll and Mr. Hyde,' &c.; PART IL— LOW ISLANDS. Chaptee XIX. — Graveyard Stories. With niy superstitious friend, the islander, I fear I am not wholly frank, often leading the way with stories of my own, and being always a grave and sometimes an excited hearer. But the deceit is scarce mortal, since I am as pleased to hear as lie to tell, as pleased with the story as he with the belief ; and besides, it is entirely needful. For it is scarce possible to exaggerate the extent and empire of his superstitions ; they mould his life, they color his thinking ; and when he does not speak to me of ghosts, and gods, and devils, he is.playingthedissembler and talking only with his lips. With thoughts so different, one must indulge the other; and I would rather that rjshould indulge his superstition than he my incredulity. Of one thing besides I may be sure. Let me indulge it as I please, I shall not hear the whole ; for he is already on his guard ?with me, and the amount of the love is boundless. I will give but a few instances at vandovn, chiefly from my own doorstep in Upolu, during the past month {October, 1S!)0). One of my workmen was sent the other day to the banana patch, there to dig ; this is a hollow of the mountain, buried in woods, out of all sight and cry of mankind ; and long before dusk Lafaele was back again beside the cook house with embarrassed Icoks : he dared not longer stay alone, he was afraid of 'spilsts in the bush.' It seems these are the souls of the unburied dead, haunting where they felL and wear ing woodland shapes of pig, ov bird, or insect ; the bush is full of them, they seem to eat nothing, slay solitary wanderers apparently in spite, and at times, in human form, go clown into the villages and consort with the inhabitants undetected. So much I learned a day or so after* walking in the bush with a very intelligent youth, a native. It was a little before noon, a grey day, and squally ; and perhaps I had spoken lightly. A dark squall burst on the side of the mountain ; the woods shook and cried ; the dead leaves rose from the grounrl in clouds, like butterflies ; and my companion came suddenly to a full stop. He was afraid, lie said, of the trees falling : but as soon as J. had changed the subject of out talk he proceeded with alacrity. A day or two before a messenger came up the mountain from Apia with a letter ; I was iu the bush, he must await my return — then wait till I had arswered ; and before I was done his voice sounded quite shrill with terror of the coming night and the long forest road. These are the commons. Take the chiefs. There lias bsen a great coming and going of signs and omens in our group. One river ran down blood, red eels were captured in another, an unknown fish was tln'ov.-u upon the coast, an luminous word found written on its srcales. So far we might be reading in a monkish chronic!' : now we come on a fresh note, at once ii!O']yrn and Polynesian. The gods of Upolu and Savaii, our two chief islands, omteudea recently at cricket. Since then lh«y are at war. Sounds of battle are hoard to i-oll along the coast. A woman saw a ina.\i swim from the high seas and plunge div--c£ into the bush. He was no man of that migbborhood, and it wa.3 known he was one o? the gods speeding to a council. Most perspicuous of all, a missionary of Savaii, who is alsc a medical man, was dis turbed late in the night by knocking; it was no hour for the dispensary, but at length he woke his servant and sent him to en quire ; the servant locking from a window beheld crowds of persons, all with grievous wounds, looped limbs, and broken heads and bleeding bullet holes ; bit when the door was opened all had disappeared. They were gods from the field of battle. Now these reports have certainly significance ; it is not hard to trace them to political grumblers, or to read in them a threat of coming tronble ; from that merely human side. I find theni ominous myself. But it was the spiritual side of their significance that was discussed in secret council by my rulers. I ^hall best depict this mingled habit of the Polynesian mind by two connected instances. I once lived in a village, the name of which I do not mean to tell. The chief and his sister were persons perfectly intelligent, gentlefolk, apt of speech. The sister was very religious, a spreat churchgoer, one tliat used to reprove me if I stayed away. I found afterward that she privately worshipped a shark. The chief himself was somewhat of a freethinker ; at the least, a latitudinarian. He was a man besides filled with European '.knowledge and accom plishments, of an impassive, ironical habit, and I should as soon have expected supersti tion in Mr. Herbert Spencer. Hear the sequel. I had discovered by unmistakable signs tliat they buried too shallow in the village grave y?.id, and I took niy friend, as the respon sible authority, to task. 'There is some tiling wrong about your graveyard,' said I, 'which you must attend to or it may have very bad results.' 'Something wrong? What is it?' he asked, with an emotion tliat surprised me. *? If you care to go along there any evening about i) o'clock you can see for yourself,' said I. He stepped backward. 'A ghost !'' he cried. In short, in the whole field of the South Seas there is not one to blame another. Half blood and whole, pious and debauched, intelli gent and dull, all men believe in ghosts, all men combine with their recent Christianity fear and a lingering faith in the old island deities. So 1 in Europe the gods of Olympus slowly dwindled into village bogies; so to-day the theological Highlander sneaks from under the eye of the Free Church divine to lay au offer ing by a sacred well. I try to deal with the whole matter here be cause of a particular quality in Paumotuan superstitions. It is true I heard them told by a man with a genius for such narrations. Close about our evening lamp, within the sound of the island surf, we hung on liis words, thril ling. The reader, in far other scenes, must listen close for the faint echo. This bundle of weird stories sprang from the burial and the woman's selfish conjuration. I was dissatisfied with what I heard, harped upon questions, arid struck at last this vein of metal. It is from sundown to about 4 in the morning that the kinsfolk camp upon the grave, and these are the hours of thespirits' wanderings. At any time of the night — it may be earlier, it may be later — a sound is to be heard bslow, which is the noise of his liberation ; at 4 sharp another and a louder niarks the instant of the reimprisoninent ; between whiles he goes his malignant rounds. 'Did you ever see an evil spirit?' was once asked of a Paumotuan. 'Once.' 'Under what form?' 'It was in the form of a rrane.' 'And how did you know thiAX crane to be a spirit t' was asked. ' T will tell you,' he answered; and this was the' purport of his inconclusive narrative. His father had been dead nearly a fortnight; others had wearied of the watch ; and as the sun was setting he found himself by the grave alone. It was not yet dark, rather the hour of the afterglow, when he was aware of a snow-white crane upon the coral mound; presently more cranes came, some white, some black ; then the cranes vanished, and he saw in their place a white eat, to which there was silently joined a great company of eats of every hue conceivable ; then these also disappeared, and he was left astonished. This was an anodyne appearance. Take instead the experience of Kua-a-Mariter-angi on the Isle of Katra. He had a need for some pandanus, and crossed the isle to the sea beach, where it chiefly flourishes. The day was still, and Eua was surprised to hear a crashing sound aniong the thickets and then the fall of a con siderable tree. Here must he some one build ing a canoe, and he entered the margin of the wood to find and pass the time of day with this chance neighbor. The crashing sounded more at hand, and then he was aware of something drawing swiftly near aniong the treetops. It swung by its heels downwards, like an ape, so that its hands were free for murder; it depended safely by the slightest twig ; the speed of its coming was in* credible; and soon Rtia recognised it for a corpse, horrible with age, its bowels hanging as it came. Prayer was the weapon of Chris tian in the Valley of the Shadow, and ii; is to prayer that Rua-a-Mariter-angi attributes his escape. No merely human expedition had availed. This demon was plainly from the grave ; yet, you will observe, he was abroad by day. And, inconsistent as it may seem with the hours of the night watch and the many references to the rising of the niom iner star it is no singular exception. I could never find a ease of another who had seen thrs ghost, diumarand aboreal in its habits ; but others have heard the fall of the tree, which seems the signal of his coming. M. Donat was once pearling on the iminhabited isle of Haraiki. It was a day without a breath of wind, such as alternate in the archipelago with days of contumelious breezes. The divers were in the midst of the lagoon upon their em ployment; the cook, a boy of ten, was over his }X)ts in the eaiup. Thus were all souls accounted for except a single, native who ac coinj-anied Douat into the woods in quest of sea fowls' eggs. In a moment out of the stillness came the sound of the fall of a great tree. Donat would have passed on to find the cause. 'No,' cried his com panion. ' that was 110 tree. It was something not right. Let us go back to camp.' Nest Sunday the divers were turned on, all that part of the isle was .thoroughly examined, and sure enough no tree had fallen. A little later M. Donat saw one of liis divers flee from a similar sound, in viynilav unaffected panic, on the same isle. But neither would explain, and it was not till afterward, when he met with liua, that he learned the occasion of their terrors. IJut whether by day or night the purpose of the dead in these attained activities is still the same. In Samoa ray informant had no idea of the feed of the bush'spirirs; no such ambiguity would exist in the mind of a Paumotuan. Li that hungry archipelago living and dead must alike tcil for nutriment, and the race having been cannibal in thepastthespiritsaresostilL Where the living ate the dead, horrified nosturnal imagination drew the shocking inference that the dead might eat the living. Doubtless they slay men, doubtless even mutilate them in mere malice. Marquesan spirits sometimes tear out the eyes of travellers ; but even that may be more practical than appears, for the eye is a cannibal dainty. And certainly the root idea of the dead, at least in the far eastern islands, is to prowl for food. It was as a dainty morsel for a meal that the woman denounced Donat at the funeral. Nor is it only the dead who ent the living. There are spirits besides who prey in particular on the souls of the newly dead. The point is clearly niade in a Tahitian story. A child fell sick, grew swiftly worse, and at last showed signs of death. The mother hastened to the house of a sorcerer, who lived hard by. 'Yon are yet in time,' said he. ' A Spirit lias just run past my door carrying the soul of your child wrapped iu the leaf of a |purao ; but I have a spirit stronger and swifter who will run him down ere he lias time to eat it.' Wrapped, you see, in a leaf, like other things edible aud corruptible. Or take an experience of M. Donat's on the island of Anaa. It was a night of a high wind, with violent squalls ; his child was very sick, and the father, though lie liad gone to bed, lay wakeful, hearkening to the gale. All at once a fowl was violently dashed on the house walL Supposing he had forgot to put it in shelter with the rest, Donat arose, found the bird (a cock) lying on the verandah, and put it in the hen hoT.^e, the door of which ha securely fastened, fifteen minutes later the business was repeated, only this time, as it was being dashed against the wall, the bird crew. Again Donat re placed it, examined the hen-house thoroughlyj finding it quite perfect ; as he was so engaged the wind puffed out his light and he must grope back to the door a good deal shaken. Yet a third time the bird was dashed upon the wall ; a third time Donat set it, now near dead, beside its mates, and he was scarce returned before there came a rush like that of a furious strong man against the door and a whistle as loud as that of a railway engine rang about the house. The sceptical reader may here detect the finger of the tempest, but the women gave tup all for loM; and clustered on the beds lamenting. Nothing followed, and I must suppose the gale somewhat abated, for presently after a chief came visiting. He was a Isold men to be abroad so late, but doubt less carried a bright lantern. And he was cer tainly a man of counsel, for as soon as he heard the details of thew disturbances lie was in a j position to explain their nature. 'Yourcuild,' i said he, ' must certainly die. This is the evil j spirit of :vu island who lies in wait to eat the ! spirits of the newly dead.' And then he went | on to expatiate on the strangeness of the spirit's conduct. He was not usually, he explained, no open of assault, but sat silent 011 the house top waiting in the guise of a bird. Within, the people tendered the dying and bewailed the dead, and I:;«3 no thought of peril ; but vImij »l;.y caine and dooi-s wre opened and men b--gan to go abroad blood stains on the v.a)I betrayed the tragedy. This is the quality I admire in Panmotnan legend. J have L-».ird of a Taiiinian vesture for the spirit-eater, with how mush more of pomp, with iiow much less of horror. It has been w^n by :-1J ^ris and conditions, native and foreign : only the liist bjSHt that it is a meteor. My authority was not so sure. He was riding with his wife about two in the morning ; both were near asleep, and the horses were nod much better. It was a brilliant and still night, and the road wound over a mountain near by a deserted marae {old Tahitian temple). All at once the aDpearance passed above them. A form of 'light— the head round and greenish, the body long, red, and with a focus of yet redder brilliancy about the midst. Abuzzing hoot accompanied its passage. It flew direct out of one marae and direct for another down the mountain side ; and this, as my informant argued, is suggestive. For why should a mere meteor frequent the altars of abominable gods? The horses, I should say, were equally dismayed with their riders. Now, I am not dismayed at all, not even agreeably Give me rather the bird upon the housetop and the warning blood gouts on the walL But the dead are not exclusive in their diet. They eacry with^ them to the grave, in particular, the Polynesian taste for fish, and enter at times with the living into a partnership) in fishery. Rua-a-Mariterangi is again my authority; I feel it diminishes the credit of the fact, but how it builds up the image of this inveterate ghost-seer. He belongs to the miserably poor island of Taenga, yet his father's house was always well supplied. As Rua grew _up he was called at last to go a - fishing with this fortunate parent. They rowed into the lagoon at dusk, to an un likely place, and the ix-y lay down in the stern, and the father began vainly to east his line over the buws. It is to bs supposed that Rua slept, aud when he awoke there was the figure of anothf-r beside his father, and the father was pulling in the fish hand overhand. 'Who is that man, father?' Rua asked. ' It is none of your business,' said the father; and Rua supposed the stranger had swum off to them from shore. Night after uight they fared into the lagoon, often to the most unlikely places : night after night the stranger would suddenly be seen on board, and as suddenly be missed ; and morning after morning the canoe returned laden with fish. 'My father is a very lucky man,' thought Rua. At last, one fine day, there came first one boat party and then another, who must.be entertained ; father and son put off later than usual into the lagoon, and lief ore the canoe was loaded it was 4 o'clock and the morning star was close on the horizon. Then the stranger showed symptoms of distress, turned about, showing for the first time his face, which was that of one long dead, with shin ing eyes, stai-ed into the east, set the tips of his fingers to his mouth like one a-cold, littered a strange, shuddering sound between a whistle and a moan— a thing to freeze the blood ; and, the day star just rising from the sea, he suddenly was not. Then Rua wasaware of why his father prospered, why his fishes rotted early in the day, and why some were always carried to the cemetery and laid upon the graves. My informant is a man no6 certainly averse to superstition, but he keep3 his head and takes a certain superior interest, which I may be allowed to call scientific. The last point reminding him of some parable practise in Tahiti, he asked Rua if the fish were left or carried home again after a formal dedication. It appears old 3yiariterang_i prac tised both methods; sometimes treating his shadowy partner to a mere oblation, sometimes honestly leaving his fish to rot upon the grave. (To le continued.) 