ANOTHER INDIAN MUTINY. THE CASE FOE THE DISCONTENTED INDIANS. Wo clip tho following extracts from papers bv tho mail : — In vlovz of the Indian outbreak in America It 1s worth whilo noting what is said on bohalf of tho Indians by Professor Robinson, of Ohio. This gentleman says tho discontent of tho Inuians is duo to " their disappointment and chagrin at having sold their birthright in tho land for a mcas of pnttngc, and then finding the potUgo withheld from their hungry maw," J'hoy wcro recently ponraaded to rign a treaty for the sale of their land on the condition that they should ho fed mid clothed, that their ration should not bo diminished, nnd that nothing they then enjoyed should be taken from them. And yet, a month after the treaty wns signed, tltc beef allowance whs enormously reduced, and their Annuities nnd mher supplies curtailed. Tho American authorities, in short, huvo not kept faith with tho Indians. Sitting Bull is tiio ringlcndor. Buffalo Bill has been ordered to tho scat of tho Indian trouble. He has started for Omaha. Colonel Cody's destination is Ne> braskit. The Stato militia is said to be ready for service at an hour's notice. In an inter view Colonel Cody said When do I expect tho troublo will begin ? Well, it islikogucaaing if grass is four inches longer than you would expect it to bo every night, As it is a timo of year when everything is against an outbreak, no bad Indian still retaining a modicum of sense will go on the war-path unions lie has food for his horso and himself. With tho fanatical Sioux, who arc uow dancing from nuiiact to sunrise, it is different. Tlioy believe they are nerving tho Groat Spirit. Tlioy lielicvo they are celebrating tho corning of tho Messiah. There will Ik; trouble unless tbo dances arc stopped. What appear most ominous to tneis tho widespread in fluence of tho Messiah movement. Tho Indians do not telegraph ami do not write letters, nnd yot all the Western tribes, from the coast to the Mississipl, ami from Briti.ih Columbia to Arizona, nro dancing thu Ghost Datico utid looking forward to tliu coming of the Great Lender. They will dnnce, yell, nnd tear their bodies until they nro fairly wild ; then go and scalp defenceless settlers. On tbo other hand, the inter- fcrenco of the soldiers may precipitate a war, so that it looks bad either way. Of ail bad Indians Sitting Bull is the worst. Rock Bear and Rod STiirt, wlio nro fighting chiefs, will do whatever i9 necessary to dofcat Sitting Bull. These were with inc. Sitting Bull will always ho found with tho disturbing element. If thero is no disturb ing element he will fomout one. Ho is a dangerous Iudiau, and his conduct now partants trouble. 