WITH WHICH IS INCORPORLTED PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1891. 1891. "The old order changeth, giving place to the new." To-MoRRow the birth of a new year 1 will be hailed in all Christian com munities; and the year 1891, with its fierce struggles, its portentous war clouds, and its good works performed and left undone, will become a thing of the past. All over the civilised world there is an incessant struggle on the part of the toiling masses, and of re sistance by the monied and propertied classes. Eighteen hundred and ninety one years have passed since JESUS of NAzAnErn was sent into this world to proclaim "Peace on earth-goodwill to men ;" yet after that lapse of time do we see men professing to be guided by His precepts and teaching hunting, from their homes in Northern Europe, the famished descendants of those Israelites MosEs led out of bondage, and despised and spat upon, execrated and brutally trodden under foot, in other countries to which they fled, hoping to find an abiding place. Eighteen hundred and ninety-one years have passed, and yet we find every country in Europe-except, perhaps, the plucky little Republic of Switzer land-armed to the teeth, all outwardly making profession of peace, yet in wardly as jealous and watchful of each other as beasts of prey in 'the African forest or Indian jungle. Eighteen hundred and ninety-one years have passed; yet do we find, throughout the world, millions literally fighting for the bread of life, while hundreds of thou sands scarcely know what to do with the wealth which they and their fathers have accumulated. No wonder thtt thinking men are discontented with the present state of things, and that, only after one century of American independence, a pamphlet, with the ominous title, "If JEsus were in New York To-day," should have startled the people of what appears destined to le the most populous city in the world from their lethargy, and that respect able, easy-going, smug church-goers should pause on the way to their com- fortable homes to think that there could be so much wretchedness, and misery, and degradation at their very doors--enough to appall the ghost of the celebrated DIEDRICH KICKERBOCKER, whose history WASH INGTON IRVING has left to his country men and the English-speaking race. "The poor always ye have with you." But, though Jesus—the Son of the Lord on High, according to all sects of Christians—the greatest Reformer and Socialist that ever came into the world, according to the beliefs of millions of earnest men and women who are unable to acknowledge His Divinity—foretold that it would be always so, yet He did not sit idly by during His short earthly sojourn, but endeavored to bind the wounds of suffering humanity, to com fort all who came to Him for succour, and to preach the doctrine of human brotherhood. As the old year glides away, one and all of us may well ask ourselves, "And what have ye done for these, the least of my brethren ?" We are all apt to boast at times of our great achievements in science, and arts, and industries, but in a young country, not yet scarcely half a century old, the following picture of what is possible in one of the richest cities in the modern world may well set us all thinking that our institutions and our social con dition are far from perfect when such things can happen:— On Christmas Eve Annie Walch, a miserably clad woman, in utterly destitute circumstances, with a dying child clasped in her arms, was walking the brightly lit streets, thronged with crowds of merrysight seers, vainly seeking food for her starving infant. One charitable institution after another was fruitlessly appealed to. She was passed on to the police, until, driven to the verge of desperation, she wearily sought the welcome covering offered by some trees alongside the road leading to St. Kilda. The night was cold and unseasonable, and the wretched mother, with her wailing babe in her arms, kept her weary vigil, till death intervened and terminated the sufferings of the infant. "It was literally starved to death," said Dr. Brett, who made the post mortem. "If it had had proper food and shelter on Christmas Eve, it would probably have recovered." The conflict between capital and labor is not so fierce as it was at the close of 1890, but signs are not want ing that it will be renewed at the General Election which takes place in March. But, if there must lie a con flict, it is preferable to have it fought out at the hallot boxes, rather than on the wharves and highways of commerce. As MRr. Tiosus Bunt, 'I.P. for Mor peth, who presided at the Trades Union Congress held in Newcastle-on Tyne last Septemelr, declared, "It is criminal to have such an extreme remedy for trade disputes as strikes, wherever they can be settled by the arbitrament of reason." • There is a far better chance of reason asserting her sway on the floor of a deliberative assembly than in the heated atmosphere of a large foundry or a huge workshop, an immense cargo-steamer or a big wool-shed. Most of the great reforms that have been accomplished, and which are accepted to- day without question ings or moisgiving, have been the out come of conflicts between the various classes of society. There can lie no absolute rest in lands inhabited by the Caucasian races, for "To rest is to rot," sayeth the old proverb. So when we gird on our armour at the ballot boxes, each side must be prepared to treat its adversaries with no less con sideration for their. eelings than brave men are only too deady to accordl in times of war to th eapposed to them. In the financial world, 1S91 will be remembered in Victoria as a year of disaster and panic. So-called bIinks and building societies have tumbled over like nine-pins in a skittle-alley, and it is hard to say where the panic might have stopped had not the Government timely interfered by pass ing a Bill preventing one or two share holders rushing solvent as well as in solvent institutions into liquidation-- 1 little caring who suffered as long as they profited. The pastors of Christian churches will need some extra zeal to undo the harm done to the community by some of the loudly professing and generous church donors who were at the head of wrecked financial institu tions. Taking a glance across the 13.,000 miles of waterway which separates us from our kinsmen over the sea, the most notable progress for the past ye.ar may be considered as embodied in tihe English Education Bill, which practi cally confers that free education on the whole English people which has been the heritage of Scotland for upwards of 200 years; the passing of the Irish Land Bill, and the appropriation of £40,000,000 to confer ownership on the tillers of the soil; and the in creasing demand for the restoration of the Scottish as well as the Irish Parliament, with some measure of Federation that will give the colonies a voice in the councils of the Empire. Federation in the colonies is for the moniPet dead. The politicians are too busy with the game of " lide-and-seek" and "beggar-my-neighbor" to devote their attention to such a momenltous question. We shall probably havefo wait for its realisationi till s e threatened danger or utational ealam ' takes it out of tu anduls of oncte seekers and places it in those of Aits tralian patriots. In the history of confederated states, from Greece to North America, that has been in variably the case. It is no woinder the people in the stock-raisingl districts of the colony fail to see the benelits of a system which does not allow them to get a few gallons of Australian wine without paying a heavy lorder duty, while the men and rich corporations who own or lease immense tracts of cheap country in New South Wales and Queensland are practically allowed to monopolise the Victorian stock raiser's market for fat sheep and cattle. The tide is turning, and the year 1891 may see the Queensland and New South Wales squatters compelled to erect freezing works on land and sea, as the squatters in New Zealand have done, for the export of their sur plus produce to England. There is abundant promise of alarge and constantly developing trade in our export of butter to Lon:lon, Glasgow, and the other big commercial cities of Great Britain. The success that has, so far, attended it is very reassuring, for the development of the dairyilng industry must mean a corresponding development of the land and an in crease in general business. In this district, we are pleased to state, a steady advance has beeen made, and we are now in line with the pro gressive districts of the colony. Even if, at the outset, a little sacrifice has to be made here and there to keep the creameries going, we hope dairymen will gladly submit to it here, as they have done in other places. To com plete it, we shall need to go in for pit or stack ensilage, to weed out old and unprofitable cows,-and breed or per chase, not alone abundant milkers, but cows that will return a good per centage of cream, for it must le re membered that the creameries and dairy factories will be forced to pay more for the milk which yields 15 per cent. of cream than it does for milk that will only yield 10 per cent. In fact, it is the quantity of cream, not the quantity of milk, that will have to be paid for. In other parts of the colony they are beginning to see this: in America the leading ldairymnen have long been convinced of it. This time last year it looked as if we might have had a water scheme ir. itiated during 1891 that would supply the slopes as well as the flats of our town; but it does not seem much nearer realisation. Our opposition to the railway tank scheme has been based on the insufficiency and alleged impurity of such a supply-not ie cause it emanated from one particular Councillor, or from tile whole Council. We .shall be only too pleased if Cr. WEBsTER's predictiohs prove correct, and ours incorrect. But, all the same, we must warn parents against allowing their children to drink the tank water, unless it is boiled or filtired, or both; for we have it on at very best authority that three in engaged in Mr. OLIvel's new buildi were seized with violent attacks of arrhiea, pro duced by drinking that ter. The long-disputed site f the manure depot was settled this y r, and a con tract accepted which will-e hope,tend to make Yea what Natur intended it to be-a resort for healti-seekers and invalids. And if we cot only pull a little more together,. a they do in many other communites similarly situated, we might mahl it more at tractive to outsiders aq well as our selves, and wealthy met. on the look out for healthy summet habitations, might be induced to purclase land and build handsome residence here. In mining there has jot been the development that was confidently looked for a year ago. Bit we venture to assert that if the reefsdeveloped at the Cathkin by WVILSON ad party and PARTnwere as nearBallaht, Bendigo,or Stawell as they areto .a, thousands of pounds would have leen spent in working them by this tile. The un fortunate disputes at I ogalook re tarded the development of the anti mony lodes there till .that mineral becamelsuch a drug ipg t lh rparket that it receded froni £75 to £40 per ton. As the price lias gradually recovered lately, being now quoted at £54 to £56 per ton, we may hope to see some fresh development in this direction during the coming year. 