? moeal & ©;©ne3FaI An enquiry was held at Strathroy on Wfdnesdny before MrB. Whitfeld, coroner, and a jury of teven, with Mr E. J. De Bmi/'ord as foreman, into tho circum stances attendant upon the death of George Cpbern, aged 72, which took place, theie on Monday last. H. T. Cobern, tailor, of Launcestou, identified -he body as that of his undo. John Hamilton' deposed to having last seoii the deceased at, 10 p m. on Monday, when be went upstairs to bed. He afterwards heard him fall, and upon his being picked up life was found to be extinct. The deceased had frequently com .plained of indigestion, and on the day of his. death appeared to be in his wjal state of health. Dr. R.' W. Murphy deposed that beyond a wound on th« temple, caused probably by the fall; there were no external marks of violence on the body. Death was ?probably the result of failure of the heart's action- consequent upjn the exertion of iwalkincr upstairs.' A vordict in accordance ,with the uiedical tettimony wa.Br recorded. At the Presbyterian Federal Assemblj' in Melbourne on Thursduy last, Dr. Scott, ,ot Hobart, was'nominated as moderator for the ensuing yeaT, and he deliveredan able address on the work of the church.1 ;The: Assembly sat again on Friday, when 'the ?Rovi Mr Lyall gave an interesting account of his recent trip tothe New Hebrides, the .chief point beiDg an emphatic 'warning as to French intentions' with regard to the islands.' The' business of the evening was a conference on the subject of ? the1 church in relation to its creed, the opinion being generally expressed thatthe roriaion of the subordinate standards of the church- and its creed was desirable. ? i r -vv.i ...--. '' , ;At the , annual Orange, demonstration; held in, the Melbourne Exhibition- Build- ing, there, .was . a -very large attendance, the concert hall, platfojrm,1 and . balconies being crowded. ;:.-. The ; hon Simon JFraser, M.L.C., B.W^G.M.,, presided,.- and ,in hiB opening address declared that the' order was not an aggressive one; on the contrary, they r did not wish even; to. parade the streets, but they .would resist . any attempt to curtail . their;! liberties. The Bev.Bro: -Bodda said they were not presentoto per petuate the memory of a struggle in which men butchered each other,, to perpetuate factious fends, butto show their loyalty to first the] proteBtant cause, and; secondly, the Orange prder;,- They had no desire! to cause any bitter; feeling ;; their object.was- more tot; defend Protestanismy and, no doubt, if ; it came-to a case of charity they would be willing to help .those who: spoke the;, worst against ?; them. The other speeeches were of a similarly . moderate tone. . .; ? . , ?'-.-. -, ',-?..? ,-? '.. ??? :- ;? .????:;'-..-: . i The death' is announced in the Mel bourne papers of Mr -B. W; Nutt.-on the 5th -inst.; Many years ago Mr Nutfc came from; England , to Tasmania, and practised: as a .solicitor; in Hobart. He took an :active part in. politics, and was a member \ q£.-; the, old .Legislative Council and of the jr.ew Legislative Assembly of Tasmania. In ;1858 he went to Melbourne, where he ^speedily formed a large practice. He will ;be remembered as the principal of the well inbwn firms of Nutt, Sandford, and ! All-: port j Nutt, and Murphy, Nutt, Blake, and'. SeddonV^and Nutt and Blake ; predecessors of the^present firm' of Blake and Eiggall.' In 1873 he retired from his profession arid went to Europe, where he has since resided. He leaves a widow, but no children. ; ; A London telegram of July 9. published -n :ourf last issue stated that the. jury had failed, to agree upon a rerdiot in. the'-lib'el 'action brought hy Mr T.' Healy, ??MiP.', against the Freeman's Journal. This action arose out of statements made by'the' 1?reeman's Journal and Mr Tim Harririg to'n','M.Pi, . that certain articles' in the. National' Press, charging Mr Parriell with irialversation of the funds of the National League',- wer? 'written by Mr Tim Healy. Mr( Healy -is alsrtj'bringing an action for libel against Mr Harrington. ; ' ,,','..-? ? We understand Jhafc a subscription list ' has. been strtrted at Burnie in aid of the' widow' and children of the late' Samuel Barker, who died on Mond.iy last from'the effpcts of an: accident -which occurred, the previous week. Great sympathy is felt'1, for the ' widow and' children of- the' deceased., who, although', a steady hian, left 'them, totally unprovided for/ 'This, is; indeed a.deserving case, and it ' is ? to' be, hoped' that 'a liberal response 1 will be made to the appeal. Donations tb ' the fund will bereceived at this office, and by the nianager of our branch office at BurnieJ';',' ? ; '' .' : ' ' ' AiiiEETiNG'of the'Trevallyn Town Board 'was held bri July : 14. ' Present— Messrs A. Evans (chairman), Hart, Higgs, ,'M'Kay, and Dudley. The secretary read a letter in reply from the Chief Commissioner of Police, re the telephone communication to Lhe police quarters,' Trevallyn. Mr Higgs moved that licenses be granted to owners of property who may apply for permission for projections or other . encroachments in the streets, such licenses to be issued at the discretion of the board on printed forms by paytneat of an annual fee. Seconded by Mr Hart and carried. It was resolved' -that notice be given to certain residents to remove pipes at entrance to their properties' and replace them -1th 'arp;erones^'Tlio secretary 'was instructed to -write to' 'Mr ' W.' Barnes, calling his att'jnti6ri| to the' urgent necessity for i opiirs to the tabiedraih'attheendpf reserved road j near 'Mr '^Dugan's^ The ru'eetirig' then re: i solved, itself into 'a Main Koad Boavd. Mr J 'Dudleymoved that' it'wasdesirable'.'to cut !a'fo6tpath dn'-tbey.upper s^de of ,the road from' Mr Higgft's property to Mr Thrower's, for use during flood time.' Seco'ndediby Mr !Hartvahd tarried'.'' It' was1 decided 'to^p'ut. the'men bntb clear' out ?water'tables and 'arainip;'''-:K- V-'S1'1 :';' -??'?'??fc':'''^' ?' UwDBK date July 13 our Duck Biver correspondent writes i— Tha peed of a constable's ' quarters and watcbhouee is often felt. For want of the latter much inconvenience is experienced. I am told that on one occasion for want of a lock-up the canstable was obliged to ohain up in his back yard an obstreperous party who . was causing a littlo diversion to the public; and in another case he had to wile away the weary hours of night by sitting up with his prisoner in his own back parlour.— Building is going On apace at Smithton. ' Our now blackBuiitb, Mr 6. Smith, of Wynyard, who is opening a branch hero, has; erected his smithy, and a butcher's shop is anoiher addition I notice,, besides two or three dwelling houses. A curious syndicate is about to be formed in London in order to exploit tho marvellous ' weather plant ' which is now to be seen at the Cryatal Palace. It is claimed for this plant that it not only foretells the weather from three to six weekB in advance, but accurately foretells earthquakes, min ing explosions, and other sources of- income to the daily papers. There is only eno man now living who understands tho plant, and ho is a German; but ho will undertakerjt is said, to instruct an asRiBtanb, so that his secret may not die with him. Th« syndi cate is limited to 20 members, who are to put up .£20 eaoh, and it is believed that tho profit will probably be enormous. ? '; ' The cable has informed us of the issue of a decree expelling all foreign Jews from Southern Bussia. This order is not stringently applied to the richer Jews', who can bribe the police to leave them un molested, but it is enforced againbt all the poorer 'Jews; aridthousands of these from Odessa and tho whole province of KherBori, as ? well ,as from the Crimea, are now making - preparations to emigrate to Palestine. They are doing this' l in de3pair. ' To most of them the edict of expulsion is entence of utter ruin. Even well to do tradesmen find themselves unable to sen.. stocK ana plant witn tne goodwill of their respective businesses at a few weeks' notice, so, baring realised what little money they can, they are making for the nearest laud of refuge— -that iB,Turkey. ?Remembering the grandiloquent preach ments of Russia in favour of religious tolerance at the time of the last Rnsso Turkishwar, it is curious'to find, Turkey offering an asylum to-day to Bussia's religious outcasts. ' , ? ! . Obdinabilt the proceedings at the Court of Bequests are very, uninteresting, but during the hearing of the caso the Pic turesque Atlas Company versus Francis . Lockie, which was brought on Tuesday, the people, in . court were considerably amused by the energetic way in which the defendant conducted his case. He had evidently posted himself well in what he considered , the leading features of the legal side of the points at issue, and, after the plaintiff's story was told, produced from a bulky-look irig parcel a small pocket book, from which he proceeded to read an extract which he had made from. ' an. authority; which he had consulted to prove, as he said, that his signature had not been obtained in a legitimate manner to the document produced in court. '. Butwhere is the book ?' asked the Commissioner ;' I am afraid , I -. cannot allow you to read an extract from, a volume unless it is pro duced. Is it ? a standard work ?' ' Of \ course it is' said the defendant, '.why ; it is as large as ^his ; (picking :, up a volutn« from/, the' table), Itis Beeton's.' The coun«el for the plaintiff murmured something about f. Beeton's Cookery Book,' and- the Com- - miBsioner suggested that such a book could; , hardly, be a recognised legal - authority. .- The defendant, however, was certain that-' it was a standard authority, and offered to leave : the court and fetch it. This was objected to, and the: case proceeded. -? Mr Lockie then read an extract from a Tas manian act in |-;upport of Iiib argument that the plaintiff company had neglected to-, have painted upon the premises of . the agent the, nature of the business of the company, and contended tha.5 thia yrai not legal, 'Sat,' said Mr Miller,. ', that act. does not apply to Sydney, where the com- ? pany carry onbusinessl' .' Tes ; it does,' . ejaculated tho defendant, ''it applies to .all the British colonies.' This announce-. ' ment was received with loud laughter, and: ; the Commisaioner pointed put that his .best course, was to bring an information against, the company at. the police court; such , a complaint could not be heard by him as Commissioner. -A verdict was returned, for the amount claimed, £\0 10s, notwith standing the. strong 'defence. It is- estimated that the area under wheat in the Punjaub this season (says the Calcutta Englishman of June 9), exceeds seven million acres, or over half a million acres more than the normal of the past five years. Owing to the very heavy rainfall, ? which at one time threatened to endanger the safety of the crop, the increase in area under cultivation has taken place- ' for the most part in *nirrigated land. In the irrigated area there is in fact; -a slight failing off, amounting approxi mately to four per cent. ' In gross outturn of . produce the excess over last year amounts ., to nearly half a millions tons, or about 22 : per cent, more than the normal. There has ;; been a slight falling off in a few districts, but generally the growth in the area under ? cultivation has been accompanied by a yet :'.- greater proportionate increase in the out- , turn of grain. In the face, however, of tbe enormous outturn, , prices have been steadily rising since January and February ' y .last.'. The Black Mountain and Miranzai expeditions, the rise of prices in Americav . and, the partial failure of the French crop, ?. have ,all tended to influence-themarket in , ? this direction.; but it , is .confidently-! \ thought that as soon as the extent of the outturn is fully realised the inflated prices will show a steady decline. In seme dig trictfl, in fact, the fall is already ?ppMeat.; The official records in connection with I the repressive measures adopted hy the Queensland Government during the shearers' strike show that 147 unionists ?were convicted of various offences, and of these 100 are serving various terms of im prisonment, some of them as high as seven years. In Queensland and New South Wales the leaders of the Shearers' Union are pressing for an unconditional con ference with representatives of the Pastoralists' Association, and the latter have issued a manifesto, stating their ?willingness to meet in conference if the principle of freedom of contract be first conceded. To this the Trades and Labour Council of Sydney reply that the pasto ralists will in] future have to reckon with Parliament, in which the labour party are strongly represented. The Shearers'Union in Sydney, failing an unconditional con ference, will agitato by means of public meltings with a view to obtaining public , sympathy. Thbbk is an epidemic of the 'confi- ? dence' trick just now in Montreal. The other day au Englishman who had saved enough monny to pay his fare to the old country and back, with lOOdols to spare, was ' done ' out of the latter amount, juat before tho steamer sailed, by a pretended follow passenger. Just after wards a French Canadian, who by a hard .winter's work at lumbering in an American forest had saved 300dols, and was taking it home to his wife and family, was induced to take a drive through the city with a strange Scotchman while waiting for his train, and finally lent the Scotchman all His money to paysoine bills on the security of an eight hundred dollar cheque Find ing the Scotchman did not return, he went baok lamenting to the train, where a hypo critical sympathiser got hold even of the cheque and disappeared with it. Poor Jean Baptiste did. not dare to face his wife nith empty pockets, so a number of kind Mon trealers subscribed enough to pay his fare back to 'the States, where he will lay up another little ?' pile.' Mb Edison arrived at Chicago on May 12, and was entertained by some members of the World's Fair Commission. In course of conversation the great inventor was asked if he had not got an electrical novelty in store for the Columbian Exhibi tion. Mr, Edison replied: — 'It is my in-, tention tty.have ready for the World's Fair1 suoh a happy combination of photography and electricity as will enable a man to sit in his own parlour and behold depicted upon a curtain before him the forms of the players in an opera upon a distant stage, and to hear the voices of the singers. When ' the system is perfected, which I hope will be in time for the Fair, each little, muscle in the singer's face, every glance of the eye, and each expression will be seen at work. Every colour in the per , former's attire, too, will be exactly repro duced; Moreover, the spectator, seated by his own fireside, will oee each person in the play 'move to hiB or her position in a natural way; just aB though they were the . very persona themselves. ?The difficulties experienced - in taking the census in West Australia are thus des cribed, by the West Australian: — 'The arrival; of one' sub-enumerator in the Vic torian district was delayed owing to the severe drought whioh is inflicting such havoc at the head of the Murchison and Gascoyne, he haying killed one horse and lost two others in the performance of his duty of collecting the schedules which had been previously distributed. We are in formed that in one of the northern dist) icts alone :a: distance of nearly 10,000 miles uad to, be travelled by its 15 sub-enumerators. In one small sub- district, the Abrolhos, the , census had to be taken over again owing- to ' the schedules being on board the Mai o of Lincoln when she foundered. It ma\ be mentioned that most of the sub-enumera i -rs were taken from the police, and did'tluir work in a fashion which leaves no room for anything but praise.' ? ? ? . At the meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce on the -6th.inst.t a communicatWh from the Premier stated that the Government were willing to pay within a moderate amount, to be speoified beforehand, the cost of forwarding exhibits to, the Launceston Exhibition. -He asked that the amounts should be fixed as low as possible, and informed the chamber that it should not be exceeded. Messrs Huddart, Parker, and Co. wrote that they would carry exhibits from Melbourne to Laun ???: cestori at 10s per ton (weight or measure ment at ship's option), and would return ' ' the- goods free of charge. The Union Steamship Company intimated they .would only charge the ordinary freight to Tas mania, and.no back carriage. Mr S. Floyd rnored — ' That a committee consisting of the president, Messrs Steinfeld, Pullman, Whitty, L. L. Smith, W. H. Darvall, and the mover, wait on the Premier with the view of getting as large an amount as pos sible placed at the disposal of the chamber, and bringing under his notice the desira bleness of having the colony officially represented at the Tasmanian Exhibition.' Mr Newton seconded the motion, which was carried. The most important consideration in connection with the Victorian Budget which is in course of preparation by the Treasurer is as to how the deficiency in the finances of the colony is to be. met. Not withstanding the policy of retrenchment which has been initiated by Mr Munro, there is a large discrepancy between revenue and expenditure which will have to be made up by further economies or additional taxation. Boughly speaking, 'there i» a deficiency in the accounts to the extent of a million of money. In connec tion' with the1 railways, there has been an unlocked for expenditure of .£271,450, the revenue returns are short by .£45,000, and there has been a Ioes in other (ways of £245,000. Theee .. t. ot ??-?; ui ?.,(,,-,* ' : ?? t I . items mako up a sum of £561,450, and, . with an amount of .£600,000 which has to be provided for 'recoups,' a total de ficiency of £1,161,450 is shown. It would be a difficult matter indeed to save this sum by further retrenchment, and as there is already a strong feeling among members of Parliament against the stoppage of public works, a proposal for fresh taxation of some kind may be anticipated. It is understood that up to the present the Treasurer has looked only to retrenchment to accomplish his object of making revenue meet expenditure, but that he now feel3 compelled to consider some method of in creasing the revenue. ' AngIjO-Austr,a.h\n' coutributes the following items relating to Tasmania to the European Mail of July 5 : — 'At the meeting of the Launceston Exhibition Committee good progress was reported. It appears that about 3500ft of space has been already taken up, and, what is more, by very good firms indeed. By the way, among those who attended was Sir James Toul, who, I am very glad to add, con tinues to enjoy excellent health. The offices of the agency for Tasmania are rapidly becoming quite an art gallery, This week I note two excellent paintings just arrived from Tasmania, the work of Mr Bonnington, and on the walls, too, are to be seen fine, large, and clear photo graphs of Signor Fontana's very beautiful statues of the Queen and of New South Wales. The latter is especially a master piece, both in conception and in execu tion. By the way, Signor Fontana haB now completed his medallion of the Agent General for Tasmania, and those who are the beet judges pronounce it a great suc cess. A correspondent writes : — Universal regret only can be experienced throughout the colony at the sad and premature ending of one so deservedly popular as the late Mr George Gatonby Fletcher. Of an upright honourable disposition, genial tem perament, and considerate bearing, toge ther with business capabilities of no mean order, he bade fair to make his mark, had not adverse circumstances coupled with extreme bodily indisposition, and attendant depression of spirits, been the means of causing his lamentable decease. The world at large has sustained the loss of a good man, and too much sympathy cannot be expressed towards his bereaved relatives, especially his young wife. But ' To live in hearts we leave behind Is not to dio.' The death is chronicled in New Zealand of a famous old Jehu named Sylvester M'Guire, who is said to have driven the first coach out of Melbourne, and to have been a prominent character in the old coaching dayB of Bendigo and BaYlarat. One of the' attractions of his coach was a perennial bottle of ' old rye' and a panni kin, which passengers used without charge. Mac once had the honour of driving the Duke of Edinburgh, and he usea to relate ' how 'him and the Dook became awfully chummy,' drinking out of the same glass, and presumably out of the one bottle. M'Guiro also drove the first coach on the borders of the Maori country in New Zealand. The following paragraph from an inter colonial exchange will doubtless be read with interest by a number of northern residents : — ' Captain Jackson Barry, the veteran lecturer, has arrived in Welling ton, N.Z., after spending a couple of months in the recesses of the King Country, where he was most kindly received by the natives generally and especially by Eewi.' Mrs Marian Clarke, widow of the late Marcus Clarke, author of the well-known novel ''His Natural Life,' writes to this journal from Melbourne, under date 4th inst., to the- effect that though in conjunc tion with Messrs R. Bentley and Sons, publishers, London, she holds a legal right in the work in question, ind therefore in any dramatised version of it as recently settled in England, she reaps no benefit from the stage productions except in one solitary instance, viz., that rendered by Mr Alfred Dampier. It is, Mrs Clarke asserts, in justice to the honorable action of this gentleman in the matter and in defence of ner rignts, that sbe is sending a statement to the above effect throughout the press of Australasia. On* London correspondent cabled early in May that an expedition was being organised at Zanzibar for the suppression of the slave trade, and the following from the Some News of May 22 furnishes fur ther information on the same Bubject : — A caravan of 400 men is being engaged at Zanzibar to start for stations on Lake Tanganyika, for the purpose of carrying out Cardinal Lavigerie's scheme for -mp- pressing the slave-trai?e in those parts. Its necessity may be judged from reports received at Marseilles that, in consequence of the ravages of the Arab slave-dealers on the northern shores of the lake, ' the country is desolated of men, and now only the remains of villages and the corpses of natives half devoured by wild beasts attest the horrible events that have taken place. Everywhere there are traces of a pro tracted struggle, and though some natives appear to have escaped into the forest, at least 10,000 people apparently have been forced either to leave their homes or have succumbed to the invasion of the Arabs. In the Uganda district the first mission of the Anti-Slavery League has found a home, and has already begun to make itself feared, but its influence would not seem to have extended to Lake Tanganyika.' The usual monthly meeting of the Einga rooma Eoad Trust was held on July 1, (writes , our correspondent). Present — Messrs J. Hocking (chairman), F. W. Krushka, Jas. White, Thos. Peters, C. Kru8hka,and W. H. Fry. Correspondence — From N.M. Harrison, re drains), on Alberton and Ne*r Ewer roads ; from Fingal Eoad Trust, ire clearing of timber off Mathinna roiul ; also, letter' from Mr G. J. Scott. It wns decided to hold over Mr Harrison's letter for tho present. The ordinary accounts were paesed, and tho trust sat as a board of main roads. The overseer's report was read and tho following accounts wow passed for payment : — Men's wages, .£28 Zs 3d; horse hire, £14 2s 4d ; O'Keefe, bluckamith's account, 15s 7dj H. Neal, ditto, £i 93 Id ; Commercial store, £1 7s 2d. Tho board then rose. The good people of Hamburg were lately very much exercised over the marriage of a cook und a valet. Until quite recently tho two were- in the employ of a retired military man, Nielsen, a native of Sleswig, and a crotchety bachelor. On his death, instead of leaving his fortune to the ' kughing heirB,' ho divided his 40,000 crowns equally between the two domestics, stipulating only that in case one of them were to marry, his or her 20,000 should go to the other. Tho valet and the copk married at once, and the disappointed heirs 'took the law of them' without delay, demanding tho 40,000 now that both the domestics had got married. The plea of the two culprits is that on the morning of their marriage the ceok gave her 20,000 crowns to the volet, and the valet ceded his to the lady. It remains to be seen whether the Hamburg High Courts of Justice decide in favour of the letter which fcilleth, or tha spirit which giveth life. Captain J. Shobtt, Government meteorological observer, reports the following rainfall in Tasmania for the week ended July 11 : — South- port, -62 inches; Hobart, '27; Swan sea, 4-48; Apslawn, 1-62; Oatlands, -19 ; Avooa, -14 j Fingal, '55; Falmouth, 1-30; Mathinna, -40; Gould's Country, 1-43; Swan Island, -40 ; Kranxholm, 1-96 ; Low Head, 1#64} Launceston, 1-23 ; Deloraine, 2-04 j Scottsdale, 2:16 ; Emu Bay, 2-29 ; Waratah, 2-76 ; Circular Head, 333 ; Coiinna, 3-49. ' The Victorian Mounted Rifles have been quite the rage in military .circles in, Eng land. BeBpecting their performances at Islington j the Home News says :? — A .great shout of welcome greeted the team of Victorian Mounted Bifles, in their service able uniform of brown kakee, small soft felt wideawakes, and high boots, the band at once striking up the lively tune of 'The old brown pant?,' the regimental march of tho Australian visitors. Eight men, under an officer, are supposed to be a scout ing party. Having reconnoitred their ground, two of the men are placed as videttes, and the others proceed to hobble their horses and raise the small tents that form part of their regular equipment, to light fires, and cook their meal. One of the videttes rides in with the news that an enemy is approaching, and two others at once ride out with him, leaping some hurdles on their way, and. open fire upon the foe. In the meantime the party in camp hastily strike and pack tents and- kits, take off the hobbles, and while two of the ' number have charge ; of the horses, the others, reinforced by the advanced party who have fallen back by sections, ' open a hot fiVe upon the enemy. The work is excellently done. The Aus tralians, who are mounted on horses from the stables of the 14th Hussars, are as yet unaccustomed to animals whose mouths are very ' much softer than those of the horses they ride at home. ' Their seats are easy, however, and they have the dash and confidence of men used to cross-country riding. Subsequently Colonel Price, Lieu tenant W. Bon, and Captain M'Leish, were taken to the Eoyal box and intro duced to the Duchess of Albany, who received them most graciously. Competitions at 'heads and ? posts' and lemon cutting followed, and some of the Australians seemed to be very much dufait at these games, which demand so much keenness of eye and Biireness of aim. Private Mawley and Lance-Corporal Martin were exceptionally skilful, and their success was bailed with cheers. It was very evident, indeed, that the audi ence, from the ground to the boxes, were anxious for the colonists to win, for when one or two failed to score a hum of regret sounded through the hall. A peculiar application under the Divorce Act passed by Mr Shiels in a recent session of the Victorian Parliament has been made in the case of Owens v. Owens in Ireland. The petitioner was Mrs Elizabeth Owcos, who is employed as sales woman at one of the' leading retail soft goods houses in the city. She stated on affidavit that she was married to her husband, Michael Patrick Owens, at Bath mines road, Dublin, in February, 1880. One day in August, 1880, a woman called at their house, and derranded money from her husband. She questioned her husband as to who this person was, and discovered that she was a woman with whom he had had improper relations. That night he left home, and the petitioner had never seen or heard of him since. She came to Victoria two and a half years ago, and now sought to obtain a dissolution of her marriage with her husband on the ground of desertion. She asked for an order that service of the petition and cita tion upon the respondent should be effected by advertisement in the newspapers, or otherwise as the court might direct. His Honor said the application was made under curious circumstances. As far as she knew . the petitioner left her husband in Ireland, and came to .Australia, and now she sought a divorce on the ground of his having deserted her. It was desirable that the good old rule should be adhered to, that both' patties to a suit should be heard, and there 'was no reasonable hope that if substituted service were allowed the respondent would ever fcear of the pro ceedings. Se would, however, consider the application. 1 1 The British Medical Journal has been in vestigating as to the proportion of convic . I-1 ?? ?'? ' ^ .«.*;«'*: I tionB to the number of licensed public houses in certain paits of England, and the result is somewhat startling. The re markable- fact is brought out that, with one or two exceptions, the greater the number of licences the lower the proportion of convictions for drunkenness. For ex ample — Cambridgeshire, with tho large number of 4 5 licenses per 1000 of the population had only 0 70 of drunken convictions per 1000 souls. The thorough of Norwich, too, with the still more generous allowance of G'4 licensea per 1000, had only 0'43 of drick convictions. Yar mouth, on tho other hand, ha3 the pre eminently large number of such convic tions of 5*6 per 1 J00, with only 3'G licenses per 1000 inhabitants. The idea that mere reduction of the number of licensed houses would diminish the intoxication of the locality has not, however, as the Hxeter Standard thinks, emanated from the ranks of abstainers. In many places fewer houses have meant larger and more entic ing gin palaces, with a more varied and larger stoclc of intoxicant beverages. In this way intemperance has frequently in creased on the diminution of licences. It should nlso be borne in mind that the number of drunken commitments varies in different districts with the degree of strict ness with which the Watch Committee administers the law. I wonder (aays the ' Boudoir Gossip ' of the Lady's Pictorial) that none of those who have written and talked so fluently of late about the baccarat case seem to know that it depended upon the Prince of Wales's own wish whether or no he figured as a witness in the case. The Heir-apparent to the throne cannot be compelled to accept a subpoena, so that hiB Eoyal Highness was a voluntary witness. In a certain case now almost faded from the memory of the general public, the Prince, whose name had been mentioned uncharitably in connection with it, desired to go into the witness-box in order to give a denial to the current rumours. Neither side called him, and so a special Act of Parliament waB passed to enable His Royal Highness to carry out his wish. ? Mb Lttttbell, architect, of Launces ton, has been awarded the prize of £10 10s given by the commissioners for the accepted design. for a certificate of award for the Tasmanian Exhibition.! The design is artistically executed, and forms an attractive picture. The top of the draw ing shows the Eoyal Arms, and at each side near the head the Tasmanian and Launceston arms are shown. On one side of the inner border a sketch of Captain Cook is given, and on the other a portrait of Anthony Tan Diemen — a somewhat un happy idea, which the demgner explains by stating he was unable to procure a sketch of Tasinan, whose 'counterfeit present ment' he would have preferred to appear. In the centre of the lower portion of the design the Cataract bridge and a portion of the, gorge are sketched, but the position of the former will require alteration. At each side of this picture vases filled with native flowers are shown. Flowers, berries', and foliage are tastefully arranged around the borders and in laiious Other parts of the design. Sketches indicative of our industries and resources are, however, ; strange to say, absent from tho picture, but perhaps these may be inserted later on. A design by a candidate who took the nom. de flume of ' Cafisia' was highly thought of by a number of the commissioners, some of whom moved an amendment to the effect that it Bhould be accepted. Wmbn it was proposed that the Victoria CroBs be conferred on Major Grant for his splendid defence of Thobal in the Manipur country, some of the English newspapers suggested that a K.C.B. should be substi tuted for that honour. Eeferring to this, Truth says : — In an age of ' jobbery the decoration ' For Valour' has never yet been ill-bestowed ; it has gathered fresh lustre from each recipient, and, far from being the property of a single class, it iB attainable — and has been sought for and obtained — by ? those in the highest and lowest ranks alike. The Most Honourable Order of the Bath, on the other hand, is generally, and not altogether inappropri ately, reserved for those elderly officers who have successfully avoided the Most Ignoble Order of the Boot. The following telegram from Me^ourne has been been received by Mr C. E. Hogg, managing director of the New Dundas Tramway Company and Broken Hill Smelt ing Company (states the Mercury) :— ' Directors met to-day, and unanimously agreed to call extraordinary meeting of shareholders to increase the capital of the company to JS 1,500,000 for extension of the line to Hobart.' In connection with this an advertisement appears calling for tenders for the survey of a line from Glenora to the Florentine, this being the Hoba»t end of the proposed line, the Zeehan end being already under construc tion by the same company. Newspaper readers, says the Pall Mall Gazette, are often angry or sarcastic (or both) at misprints. Perhaps they will be more charitable if they consider the twelve conditions under which, says another con temporary, a newspaper may be expected to come into the hands of the public without any printer's errors. They are : — 1. When the contributor has written correctly. 2. When he has written the correct thiDg dis tinctly. 3. When the compositor has only the correct letters in the different caBes. 4. When he does not take letters from a wrong case. 5. When he sets them correctly. 6. When the ' reader ' corrects every error. 7\. When the compositor corrpots the 'rough proof' properly. 8. When the ' reader ' reads the corrected proof atten tively. 9. When the compositor corrtcts the second proof properly. 10. When the revised' proof is carefully 'read.' 11. When the ' reader ' has sufficient time to do this. 12. And when a dozen other cir cumstances work together for good: The hydrographic Burvey of Strahan. harbour is progressing satisfactorily under the direction of Mr Lauder, aud the field . supervision of Mr Wentworth Hardy. The survey and soundings aro (states the Mer cury) well advanced, but owing to tho bad weather prevailing, difficulty has been ex perienced in proceeding with the boring operations on the bar. Several borings have been made inside the harbour in tho channel to be dredgod, but on the bar itself the heavy waves, even when the weather is comparatively fine, render the operation of boring extremely difficult. It is hoped to procure the assistance of a steamer during the coming week, when the work will doubtless progress more rapidly. Owing to tho bad weather, the survey will probably occupy a month longer than was originally anticipated. The folio wing reference to the Tnmiianian Exhibition is made in the Sydney Wool and Produce JournaV of July 4 .- — The Exhi bition to be opened in Launceston at the end of this year is not, as some suppose, a private enterprise ; but is being ai ranged under the auspices- of the Tasmanian ? Government. His Excellency the Governor ? is patron, the Ministry of Tasmania are vice-patrons,, and the executive commis sioners comprise most of the leading men of the colony. The building in which it is to be held is now nearing completion, and when finished will, with the annexes, pro- - vide ample accommodation for all the exhibits expected. Every effort is being made to ensure a successful result, and a - special feature of the Exhibition will be the wool section, in which it is to be hoped all the colonies will be fully represented. M. Jules Joubert is the general manager, .. and agents have been appointed in Europe as well as in each of' the Australian capitals. - ? ???,.;?? TbtjXiT the Americans are an inventive people. The mere enumeration of the patents issued every year at Woshingtba would fill a volume of . moderate dimen sions. It has : been estimated that if *?? ' man had the means and the inclination to provide himBelf with one-half the 'in-- ? dispensable' 1 ankee notions that are re- ? commended for the pocket, a large ' wheelbarrow would be needed for their carriage. Among the1 latest American, inventions is a device for automatically shuffling cards- which affords protection against the arts of professional sharpers., Another is called the 'Little gem' pocket savings bank, made to fit any size of small com, convenient for the pecket. The inventor remarks that 'it is surprising to what extent it is utilised in saving .small change and in preventing those who carry it from carelessly spending ? what they have been wont -to consider a trifle. When the amount of coin which1 the. bank contains has been reached its' ? owner begins to realize that the 'penny .saved is: a penny earned.' As at present' imade the bank will hold . SO coins ' of- » ?--.. diameter equal to or less than an. ,,,..;,„ American 10 cent piece, no matter in what - '-.?': country they have been 'coined. ''.'??'? -.?'??, : A conteibwtob to the Paris Figaro tells' '? :?:*' a wonderful, story of. his having visited a~ little town in England during race week,1:' '*'- :and finding every inn and lodging-house iui . j '. the place so full of visitors that his only resource seemed to. be to pass the night d 2a belle (toile. As a last chance, however^ . he addressed himself to a policeman, who! made a sign to him to follow, and con- ?; ducted him to a house, of sinister appear-;; ance down a narrow court, where doubtful characters could be seen passing and re, passing in the dusk. An old hag, crooning , over a fire, got up at their entrance.- and ??. : ..' ? with a smoky lamp lighted them upstairs into a big square room, in which -a dozen .. ' ; ': dark forms were stretched upon the floor.. Suddenly the new- comer; caught sight of the shining barrel of a revolver that' lay handy near one of the sleepers, and in stinctively he made towards the door. But' his conductors and the lamp had disap peared. He laid himself down in his clothes upon a mattress, with his hand in ? the pocket that contained his portemonnaie, but naturally enough could not sleep a wink for fear of his bed- fellow jumping up ' '. and demanding his money or his life. He listened now and then, as one or the other stirred, but they were fast asleep. Ai: break of day the tall figures rose up and began to chat with one another, and then the nervous stranger found out that lie : had been passing the night surrounded by' . policemen: ????'.'. A man must be an inveterate advertiser (writes ' Atticus' in the Leader) .-who does; not slacken his efforts- in the presence of ? death. Dr. Beanay'a will is1 a testament that bhould make the shade of Barnum feel-' . more shady than ever, and cause the ghost of Holloway to extinguish itself in oint ment. There is a touch of genius in a man' r bequeathing .£1000 to the Dean and .' :.' Chapter or Canterbury Cathedral con ditional on his name being posted up in ?.''?'??:? the aisle for all time, and ordering that the '.?? money shall be kept from them if they, ... ' ., decline to be bribed. Then all the! ' scholarships throughout the world are : to be ticketed with the distinguished., cognomen, as also the institute for-- ? ... working men, where are to be enshrined' Y \ * the ' medical diplomas, military decorar- ? tions, illuminated addresses, certificates,..; : licences, testimonials (including, I pre— '. sume, those purchased and paid for by the? : deceased, though ostensibly given by grateful patients), gold medals, together with crest, scrap book, two volumes of Merit of the Time, a photograph of the testator in tancy dress, his gold (over again) and silver medals, several portraits of himself in bils.T; etc., etc. To what a pinnacle of self con- . ceit a poor human creature must attain,,,- ' before he would venture ..to have a docut-V.' ment of tkm sort to be read over, hia- ; ? ' mouldering corpse I .V i:.,',.j ' ;.V .'rjMjsiJSOir'-.iV;'' 