EnMo Bill Ordered to the Front The Ghost Dancers. When tbe mail left England Buffalo Bil1 bad been ordezed to tbe Beat of the Indian trouble. Colonel Cody's destination was Nebraska, The State Militia was said to be ready for Bervice at an hoar's notice. In an interview Colonel Cody said: "I shall pro bably proceed directly to Ruehville, 81 miles from Piae.Bidge. When do I expeot the trouble will begin? Welly it is like guessing if grass is four inohes longer than you would ex pect it to be every night. As it is a time of the yeas when everything is against an out break, no bad Indian still retaining a modioum of sense will go on the war path unless he ha3 food for his horse and himself, With the fanatical Sioux, who are nosv dancing from Funeet to Bunr.ee it is different. They believe they are serving the Great Spirit, They believe they are celebrating the ooming of the Messiah. These will be trouble unless the da&ces; are Btopped, What appears most ominous to me is the widespread inflaenoe of the Messiah movement. The Indians do not telegraph and do not write letters, and yet all the Western tribe*, from the coast of the Mississippi, and from British Colombia to Arizona, are dancing the Ghost Danoa, and looking forward to the coming ol the Great Leader, They will dance, yell, and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild; then go and Bcalp defenceless settlers. On the other bind, the interference of tbe soldiers may preoip'tate a war, eo that it looks bad either way, Of all bad Indians Sitting Bull is the worst. Book Bear and Bed Shirt, who are fighting ohiefsj will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting Eull. These were with me, Sitting.Bnll will always be found with the disturbing element. If there is no disturbing element he will foment one. He is a dangerous Indian, and his conduot now portends trouble." Dispatohea to the New York World and the Morning Journal state that seven settlers were murdered by Indians near Libeau, a settlement in South Dakota, A Herald special correspondent Bays that the settlers of Potter and Dalworth counties, in South Dakota, were fleeing for their lives. Five hundred IndhnB armed for war crossed the Missouri Biver at the month of Grant Biver, No soldiers were near, If, therefore, tbe Indians meant to massaero the settlers, the only chancT they had left wps in flight, atd their cliaace of e=ojpa in that way was a very poor one. Old Bed Cloud* who was disposed to ba friendly to the whites, wa? the leader of the Fort [Phil Kearney massacre, He had a son with the Ghost Dancers, who was looking for ward to a chance of winning his spurs, The best fighting blood of tbe Sionx and Oheyeaues WSB represented among the DancerB, Tbe Ghost Dance has seldom been witnessed by a white man, but an American paper describes one of them S3 Been from a distancs by an enterprising contributor, wbo persuaded a friendly half breed so take him to the Bpofc. The dance began at dark, and, though the old EquatrB had oa-sfully raked oat the fires a blsze arising from them now and then re vealed the fast that the braveB were in fall was-paint, Tho warriors formed in rawa at the eastern end of the camp, thoBe in front kneeling, with the young bucks and squaws standing behind them, At this point there was a pause of about ten minutes, daring whioh perfect silence and absolute im< mobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined hands and knelt down in the centre-of the valley; They began chant ing what sounded like a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. The warriors ad' vanced, and joining hands in a larger oirole be hind the old Bquaws, they began the Ghost Dance. They, too, ohanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the squaws, and then oame the in vocation to the dead braves to arise and exter minate the white men, The old women, mean while, had each procured a burning stiok that had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Returning with these they stole like shadows under the linked arms of the warriors and passed through the oircle like a procession of sphinxes. This was repeated again and again, It is said that the dance lasts till day light, when everyone concerned in it is more or leBB exhausted. That the warpaint of the braves meanB a deadly intention to the whites is unfortnnately but too clear. Messrs, Geo. Wills & Oo. are advised by cablegram frorii London that the steamer Hobbuok arrived there on January L As she left here on November 19 this makes her paBBBge 43 days* 