'flic Doctors gliook llicir Hnnils. " I would give a million dollars {or a stom ach," taid a wealthy American recently. Now a million dollars*£2O0,OOO.I >s ^ deal of money, bat he ivas not able to huy the article erea at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so ricli as many, being a gardener, but ho was ready enough togivo all ho had for one thing liehadn't got. Here is Jiia story, and lie shall tell it in his own way. Mr. (Jaekin goes on to say: " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through eiekncSB. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a ted taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and elimo, the latter so thick and sticky that I ot.cn had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up ' and my throat used to swell so I couldn't button my shirt at tbo neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a jellowisli-green phlegm. I bad a racking cough, and woold cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my cars. 1 became exhausted and short of { breath and had to tall the doctor, and was in bed fivo or sis weeks, " I then went as an out-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and alter attending there for si* months was very little better. 1 got bo thin that I WAS liko a ghost walking about, and my friends said it WAS all up with me. For eight teen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors rccommendcd me to try a change of air. So I camo to Darley Abbey and my former master gave mo an indoor re commendation to the Derbyshiro Infirmary, Derby, I found however, that all the beds in hospital were full, and I saw my club doctors and two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping coMitmplion, and tnuil die ; tho other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing-, but shook (heir heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master al lowed mo to do what little 1 could in his garden and grounds ; and somo days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few day6. Things went on liko this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and teas afraid to go to tleep for fear the phlegm icouli choke me. At this time the white of my eyes tamed jellow, and my eyesbecame bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke .out in to e cold sweat. My tongue w«B like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a Btono weight in threo weeks. " I managed to get up tor a few hoars at a time, but V»I\B SO weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, find sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often eat for hours looking at my hands nothing but skin and hone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept,on attending me, but he said,' I can do you ho 'good; I can only patch you up, became your Iungt arc diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from Ijondou that cost {22<* ,4iotyie. But nothing did any good,and my fricndl jrbocame to see me said,' IPc II, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' " Aboot the middle of Marob, 18B9, a neigh bour named Joseph Tatham, -who works in tho paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me,' Tom, did yon ever try Mother Scigel't Syrup V and told me how he had been cured after being in tho hospital. He spoke bo much in praise of this medicine, I Bent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacua tion as black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested wlien I Awoke. After taking the medicine tor three days my breathing §ot easier) my food kept down, and in a tew ays more I was able to go oat for aahort walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my msster, who asked what had wrought the im provement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Byrup had saved nfy life: J commenced work at once, and bare sever lost a day's work sines. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six monthB I"waB as strong as ever tn my life and have continued so ever since." In giving bis consent to the publication ot this remarkable statement, Mr. Qaskin requests us to refer alldoabtersto bimor toMr. KeeUey, Head Oardner, Darley Abbey, who isftcqualnted with all the tacts alleged. Mr. Qaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and biats an excellent reputation. .... Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered,' Not galloping consumption certainly (as oiw o/thedoeure thought), or he tcottM have galloped into hit grave in (at than three monthe, instead of ftffwing,worse. for Beven years. His complaint was ehronSe laBammiAory d/apepeia (or chronic gastric catarrh)! whicu has lung symptoms like consumption, tor which it is so often ignorantly mistasen and wrongly treated. When the right remedy. Mother Seigel's Syrup, was need, the disease yielded, as all the diseases of the digeetlve tract do, jield to that magni ficent preparation. We^heartHj' oongratulate Mr, Gaskfn on his recovery, and commend the facte of his case to all thinking people. j ~ i SUPPOSE yourself the happy possessor of two millions of money;' What would you do with it ? Would you follow Mr. Paling's noble deed and build a sanatorium for the aick, or would yon follow the lead ot" Jubilee" Benson and play it up, jmd finish in a continental gaol? Fancy what could you do with two millions, yon could visit and view the sights ot the old and new worlds, you could keep a splendid establishment, have soores «f servants at your beck and call, you oould keep your horses and yonr hounds, your #nns, your yachts, your toirn and country houses,, you could hunt, fish and travel and live a lite of pleasure if-Oh 1 that " if" it oreepB in-if yon had good health, and if yon had bad health and could not enjoy your great possessions, what good would all the money and riohes in I be terrestrial world be worth to you? good health it the peat desi deratum-freserve it while you have it, lor it may be lost for ever if you neglect it. While on this subject we want a Jew: serious words with yon. Every man and woman is the centre; of the World to himself, therefore look after' yourself and those belonging to yon, preserve' > your strength and take note of the small par ticulars ot daily life. We want to. impress this particularly upon yon-you, reader-we are addressing you personally-take car; ot. the small signs of constitutional disturbance, don't neglect p. simple headache because it is eo general, sacb pains cannot be ia a healthy organism, physical disturbance cannotbe where all organs are performing their functions with clock work exactitude. Like a small spark spreading into a great conflagration, disease begins in a little way, so little that its first on slaught iB frequently unotioed, but it gradually extends, until TOO LATE. Take goad advice, attack tho first signs by a vigorous treatment with Clements Tonic, which so renovates and fertilises the blood, that it will quickly restore the impaired power of any organ or tissue. Clements Tonic is a scientific combination. Its therapeulio effects are proved. That it will allay end prevont disease is beyond all doubt, the praise bestowed on it over the signatures of the highest and most influential people in the land, will convince the most sccpUoal. Mr, F. Bagnell, Bavenhurst. Msrriakvilfe, N.H.W, writes us: "Dear Sir,-Allow me to add my testimony to the many endorsements you have already received, proving the excellence ot Clements Tonic. My wife has boen Buffering for the past two years from weakness and de bility, and has triod many treatments without result, she, as a last resort commenced tbe use of Clements Tonic, and I am thankful to say tbe effect has been most gratifying, and I am ' firmly persuaded that it is a complote restora tion to perfeot health." A. G. Taylor, Esq,, M.L.A., writes j-" Patliamotxt House, Sydney, Nov. lBth, '00.-I have much pleasure in testi fying to the benefits I have derived from the use of Clements Tonio, during a sprers attack of dyspepsia and indigestion. It is a pleasant, palatable and efiectivo remedy, and should be used by every family. I filial! always keep it by mo in future.-A. G. Taylor." Another well l<uown man writes:-"Iliavo great plea sure in testifying to the merits and efficacy of Clements Tonic. Having been afflicted with extreme nervous debility and languor during the laBt2 years, with weary and languid feelings in & morning, BO much so that whilst drensing I should have to drop inlo n chair, eventually I commenced the use of Clements Tonic and am now restored to perfect health and vigor and would recommend it to atl BO afflicted.-James Leonard, Hen wick- street, Birkenhead, N.S.W." Send for full particulars to F. M. Clements, Newtown, N.S.W. A man was arrested at Berlin for dcraauding £500 from a banker and threatening to blow up tho bank with dynamite. Lord Sheffield's English team of cricketers defeated twenty-four of the Berrima district (N.S.W.) by sixty-seven runs. Serious rioting, which was provoked by the Paroolliiies, has taken place At Ennis, and the police had to disperse the mob. A terrible cyclone visited Richmond Downs on Monday last, and neatly the whole of the town was more or less wrecked. 