THE MEANING OF FOLK-LORE. ADDRESS BV HR. ANDREW LANG. The second international congress the Folk-lore Society was opened i Burlington House, on' Thursday (1 October), when the presidential oddre was delivered by Mr. Andrew Lang, wi spoke thus on the above subject : After these few prefatory remar! on the purpose of the congress, I ma endeavour to explain what we mean, o nt nil events, what I mean, by folk-Ion When the word was first introduced b Slr. Thoms it meant little, perhaps but tho observing and recording c various superstitions, stories, customs proverbs, songs, fables, and so forth But the science has gradually increase its scope till it has taken almost all human life for its province. Indeed, if anyone asks bow and where folk-lore differs from anthropology, I am rather at a loss for a reply. When anti quarians such as our own old Aubrey began to examine rural usages and superstitions, like the maypole, and the harvest home, they saw-they could hardly help seeing-that the practices of the folk, of the peasant class every where, were remains of Gentilism or heathenism. The Puritans knew this very well, and if they hated the may pole in the Strand, it was because they knew it to be at least as old as Troy, whose fate, as we know, it has shared. Where's Troy,and where's the maypole in the Strand ? The Puritans were conscious that much Pagan custom had been tolerated by the Church, and had survived, not only in ecclesiastical usage, but in popular festivals. The folk, the people, had changed the names of the objects of its worship, had saints in place of gods, but had not given up the festival of May night, nor ceased to revere under new titles the nereids or the lares, the fairies or the browny. All these sur- vivals the Puritans attacked and the old antiquarians observed, comparing early English customs with the manners of Greece and Rome. In these studies lay the origin of our modern folk-lore, now far wider in scope and better equipped with knowledge of many tales ancient and modern. For example, Acosta found in Peru rites which at once resembled those of the Church, those of our own harvest homes, and those of the Eleusinian mysteries and the practices of the Greek Thesmophoria. The earlier observers explained such coincidences in various ways. They thought that the devil in America deliberately parodied the ceremonial and doctrine of the Church. Or they thought that the lost tribes of Israel, in their wanderings, had carried all over the world the ritual of Judaism. At the end of the seventeenth century, Spencer, the master of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, reached a theory more like our own. He saw that the Jewish ritual was not an original pattern, from which heathen ritual was perverted, but was, as I have elsewhere said, a divinely licensed version of, or selection from, the religious uses of Eastern peoples in general. We have now ex panded this idea, and find in the Jewish ritual a monotheistic and expurgated example of rites common, not to Semitic or Eastern peoples only, but common to all races everywhere which have reached a certain level of civilisa- tion. Sacrifice, expiation, communion of the people with their God, laws of ceremonial, uncleanness, prohibitions from certain acts and certain foods, the tabernacle, and the rest, we find them, practically, in solution everywhere; in Judaism we find them codified, as it were, and committed, as a body of rules, to writing and to the care of a priestly class. Now the theory which I advance here in the case of certain rites may be employed in all the provinces of traditional custom, belief, and even literature. The Greeks, like Herodotus and Aristotle, were struck by the coin- cidences of custom, festival, sacrifice, and hymn among Hellenes and bar- barians, Egyptians, Assyrians, Phoeni- cians, Scythians. Aristotle himself could see that Greece had inherited, developed, and purified barbaric beliefs and usages and myths ; that the common stock was the same every- where, and was only modified by the peculiarities of race. The modern learning has acquired fresh information, and has found that the myths and beliefs and customs of African, Aus- tralian, American, and insular races correspond with those of the ancient classical races. Further, we have learned that ideas, habits, myths, similar to those of the ancient world and of remote barbaric peoples un- known to the ancient world, endure still among the folk, the more stationary, the more uncultivated classes of modern Europe, among Lincolnshire hinds, Highland crofters, peasants of France, Italy, Germany, Russia. Now folk- lore approaches the whole topic of these singular harmonies and coincidences from tlie side of the folk, of the un- learned rural classes in civilised Europe. We have turned the method the method of mythology, for instance, upside down. The old manner was to begin with the cultivated and literary myths, as wc find them in Ovid, or Apollodorus, or Pausanias, and to re- gard modern rural rites and legends and beliefs as modified descendants of these traditions. But the method of folk- lore is to study these rural customs and notions as survivals, relics endur- ing from a mental condition of anti- quity far higher than that of literary Rome or Greece. We do not say that, as a rule, this harvest rite, or vernal custom, or story filtered out of Ovid down into the peasant class. Rather we say that, as a rule, Ovid is describ- ing and decorating some rural customs or tale which is infinitely older than his day, and which may be, and often is, shared with Roman agriculturists by the peasants of France and England, and also by natives of lands undis- covered by the civilised races of the old world. The method of folk-lore rests on the hypothesis of a vast common stock of usage, opinion, and myth, everywhere devoloped alike, by the natural operation of early human thought. This stock or much of it is everywhere retained by the unpro- gressive, uneducated class, while the priests and poets and legislators of civilisation select from it, and turn customs into law, magic into ritual, story into epic, popular singing mea- sures into stately metres, and vague floating belief into definite religious doctrine. Thus, briefly to give ex- amples, the world-wide customs of the blood feud becomes the basis of the Athenian law of homicide. The savage magic which is believed to fertilise the fields becomes tho basis of the Attic thesmophoria, or of tho Eleusininn legend and mysteries. The rural festi vities of Attica become the basis of the Greek drama. The brief singing mea- sures of the popular song become the basis of the hexamater. The sacrifice of the sacred animal of the kindred becomes a great source of Greek ritual. The world-wide märchen of the blinded giant, the retured husband, the lad with the miraculously skilled com- panions, are developed into the Odyssey and the Argonautica. Thus on every side the method of folk-lore shows us mankind first developing in mass, and without thh traceable agency of indivi- duals (though that must have been at work), a great body of ideas, customs, legends, beliefs. Then, as society advances and ranks are discriminated, the genius of individuals selects from the mass, from the common stock, and polishes, improves, fixes, stereotypes, brings to perfection certain elements in the universal treasure. Here it is that the influence of race and of genius comes in. The great races, as of the Aryan speaking and Semitic peoples are races, in which genius is common nnd the general level is high. Such a race has its codes, its creeds, its epics, its drama, which the less fortunate races lack. But the fond, the basis, is common to humanity. Meanwhile, till quite recently, even in the higher races, the folk, the people, the untaught, have gone on living on the old stock, using the old treasure, secretly revering the dispossessed ghosts and fairies, amusing the leisure of the winter evenings with the old stories handed down from grand- mother to mother, to child, through all the generations. These very stories exist, though the folk know it not, in another form, refined by the genius of poets. In time, and occasionally, they will filter back among the people. But, on the whole, till now, the folk have prolonged the ancient life, as it was in customs and belief long before Homer sang, long before the Hebrew legisla- tion was codified and promulgated. This is a broad general view of the theory of folk-lore, a rule to the work- ing of which there are doubtless many exceptions. 