Th eatrical Jo pics. A burir sqno of "L'Enfout Pradigno' is said to be in preparation at Tuolo's. Tnustro. In the forlhooraing protuution of "Honry VIIL," which II". irvmg is propiring at ths Lyceum, the iuoid»nt«l musio will bo specially oomposedby Mr. Elward Gormaa. Mrs. Lvingtry will not, nftar all, undertaks thotitlo rolo in " Formosa," ahnrtly to bo revived at Drury Lnoo, and it is now B-ittlad that Miss J oss'.o Mdlward will fill tho part. It is roportod of Ml-s F.mny Davenport tho American aotress, thttontim .arrival of Almo. Bernhadt, she romarkod, " W.i shall not bcilull in Now York this yuur ; thoro will bo mo, Bar- dou, and Sara." The death is reported of Miss Holen Lsigh, tho clevor young Amurionn aotress whuso exoot- lent impersonation of tho aivantari.s iu "Lllllo Lord F'iuntlaroy " will always bo plousautiy remetnbortd. Miss Tiny Whito, who n fow years ago mido a sensation in Loudon us n ohl'd-aotrost, wilt probubiy tsko tbo part of Lady Dolmn- iu the dramatised vorsion of tbo novul of that namn, written by herself in collaboration wi .h Mr. 'l'otrell. Mr. Wilson Barrett, iu Londoa at the And of May, revived the desorvidiy popular "Silver King," certainly ono of tha bust uf m iladramaa, and pup in whiok Mr. Barrett is ssou to.' mticn ad.ajiitage. , The part cf Nellio Denver ii aitnl by Miss Lily ll mtiury, who has lately mall a great advunco in hor piot'uavlou. Tiio Orient lino stoamor Orient, wbic'alnft London on May 22, brings out to Australia Miss Laura Villters and her talented ocmpauy of English artists, who have bnen ongagod to open in Melbourno in "Tha D.inaiog Grlrl " Mi»s Viliifl'rs, lias also sroimt tha rights of Mr. Joromo IC. J'eromo'a play, " Wonilluriow Farm," and will probably play in " F'odora." An Amcriean drains, oslled "A Dasparata Man," bus boon p-rformcd, for oipyright purposes, at tho strand, and will bo produusd iu Aincrica next mouth. It ia iu four sots, aid is written by Mr A. P. Pond, thn story turning on a point of law, thn question bolng whiok died first of a husboud and . wifo who won drowned together nt sea. Tho play ointaius Homo Well- written ooinady soenss. . " Tho Now Theatro lit Oxford was to ba oooii- pied for a week from June I by Mr. Arthur Bouruhior and a Londou oompany iu " Tho l'ntvcun" aud " Tho Monsy ripinnor " It wns largely owing to Mr. Acthur B lurohiac that this theatro was built, und it wm hero that ho appeared inFotstaff nud other Shakos- peoniiu oliorsj tors, and made that reputation us un amateur wliioti has lod to his taking to tho btage. " Quiok study," as it is taohnioally oallod on the sUigo, is u rare nrui prooiouu gift. A fow weeks ago tho representative of Sl-iry B.eukarn in "Tho Middleman," at the thn.itro in Oirdiff was suddenly taken ill. and Miss Jes.do Lis was at 8 o'clock in tho afternoon culled upon to loirn and play tl-.is leading part on tho samo ovoaing — nfeut wliioli she is stated to luvo iiccompUsiiod wiliiout aid from tho prompter. At tho close r.f thn perfiirrnanao tho youug lady reooivod thn pporisl congratulltiouo of the niauniroin-nt, aud Mr. Pdtemuu, tho Cyrus Bienkurn of this tra velling company. Ibsen has UDpearnd onoeuioro, and, ovon his devoted norsuipD ird nl'oiv, wi'hout uiuoh suo- cem (suys tho Earopoan Hfnil of Hey 22). "Tho Lady by tho .Boa " was produood at u series of uintinosu nt Terry's Thriitre, aud proved infinitely innro dull than "Iloitin Gabler," and, if not us objectionable in tone as "Ghosts" and others of "tbo Ma iter's " pioeor, at nuy ruto as far romovnd from sym pathy and hamuu iutorust. Tho noting too, though fairly udtqiuts, w.is not so cxoap'.ion- ally good os to exouan and render iian.iptabto a dungrconble, ineffective play. MUh floso Heller mudo but littlo of th.i lieroino, and ooald not oompara with Miss Elizabeth Robins ia hor rcully iutcrostiug study of Hilda, or Miss Floreuoo Fair in hor courageous roudoriug of Rebicea, and tha rest of tho oast woro con scientious, but no nioro. A littlo nncodoto attaches to Mr. Hillings - head's farco " Tho Birthplsoo of Dodgers," iu whiuh Mr. Tooto haviug elolfod tho tra-iicianil Lis Ionian costume of l'aul Pry, pcosontsd hiui- self once more, on May 18, iu his original character of Tom Orouky. It was suggested (says tho London Daily Alios) by tho ludicrous distresses of Mr. J ( fiord, a pluuibor iu Briioko etrcnt, Holboru, whoa a party of literary en thusiasts having ut lust discovered by tho aid of tho old Holboru ratebooks ths truo snous of Chuttcrton's suicide — the houeo of Mrs. AagsU, tbo "sack maker," that is lady's jsoket maker, insisted on asoouding to tho garrets without regard to Mr. Jofford's oouvouienoo. Tao position of Tom Grauky whioli Mr. Toolo brings out with saoh comia effuoc is preaisily that of the perscoutod plumber. Mrs. Augoll's house, which stood on tho v/estorn and uotou thn onslcrn side, as Mr. Pstor Gunnlugham sup posed, has siacs duSppiavou. Tho Maholiestcr Week!;; Time of May 15 says : A now drama, entitled " Tho Abduotluu of a "Wife," dealing with the inoidsnts iu oou- uection with tho Oiithotoe abduotion case, was advertised to bo produced at tho Thoutro Royal, Blackburn, Lanoeshiro, on Saturday, May 9, hut on the previous inomhig au intimation was received that tho porforuianao ot the dcama would not bo permitted. Mr. Reynolds, tho proprietor of tho Thoatro Royal, wrote to tho Lord Chamberlain asking for formal permission to perform the play, and to his lottor ths fol lowing reply was givcu : " Lord Chamberlain's Ofllno, Bt. Jamos'B Palace, May 7, 1891. — Sir, —The play under the title of ' The Abduotion of a "Wife, as anuounoed for performance on Saturduy afternoon uuxt ac your thoatro, is not llootsed for representation ns tho law requiros, and consequently o-ionot bo logalty performed at any theatro in Qruat Britain. — I am, sir, your obedient servant, Edward P. S. Figott. P.B.— Tho provisional permission given to Mr. Barker (of tho Thoatro Royal, Nelson) undor a rnisnpprehoneiou oh to tho charaotor aud mode of presentation of tho piece has beo a withdrawn, and tho liocuso is withheld." 