WON WITH A BULLET BT V. I. X. ? I went to bed early, and I must have clept several hours, when I was awoke by a tapping at the gumslabs composing the WiQl of the hut. close tc my head. Then somebody said ''Mars Jem. are ye wakin'; don't speak loud." " Yes, I'm awake, who is it?" "It's me, Mars Jem—old Sam." I have mentioned an old hand employed at our place who said that the mare Rags was a " bred un." This was he. "' Harry on yer duds Mars J em. and get through the winder." "Right, Sam," said i, getting up with alarcity. I was toon dressed, and getting through the opening dignified with the name of window, which no-one appeared to think it necessary to have secured, I joined old Sam. I've got Old Rags here, Mars Jem, and the :: eolt, come along down by the scrub "How did you manage to bring the colt, Sam "f" I asked. Sam chuckled, and said, "* Easy '"nuff, Mara Jem. The boss has went off mat thing tins morning to jiut me ^n your tracks, and Holder he started with the horses for Maitland, leavin' The Pauper ia hi* box, so I waited tul evenin', and then 1 went and told Missus I thought 1 knowed where you were, and I was goin' to take the old mare and the colt to fetch you; and, yer hear, she ups and ses. Sam, she ses, you bring Mars Jem 'ome safe and sound, and I'll penvide. for yer and yer.ole woman for life, she " Yes, but the colt, Sam ; how did you get him along ''Easy as fallin' off a log. Took the old mare" to the door of his bo>. and opened it. Out he coiner like smoke, and followed his mother like a lamb, I knowed In; would ; and 'era he is, Mars J em, as \ingry as a shark, for he's had the muzzle on ever sence you strapped it tlieer. The colt whinned as soon as I spoke to him, and allowed me to catch him. Now Mars Jem, 'ere'w a extry bridle I brought, jes' put the saddle off the mare on 'im, and 111 riiie Rags with his body cloth on her till we get to a place I knows on. it'll oe daylight jn a couple of horn's, and we must kiver a bit o' ground before then, but we'll spare the Pau]>er all we can. I've got a feed of oats 'ere lor : im, and we ll give : im _ a kcwrter of a houi derectly to eat 'cm. You're a goin' to win the Cup yet, Mars Jem." We jogged along quietly for about an hour aud got ovyr some seven miles I suppose ; when we came to a big lagoon. *' : Ere we are, Aiars Jem. Jes' wash 'is mouth out, and then give him a bit of a feed." The eolt was rarely hungry, and soon polished off his oats. We then remounted and continued our journey. " When: are we, Sam," I asked. "Well, we ain't so fur as we mought 1M from Maitland; and we'll soon be at the place I knows on, wbcer you can groom the colt and give him a rest." How did you know where 1 was, Sam "I knows a lot, Mars Jem ; I knows when to speak and when to 'old my tongue." The day was just breaking when we arrived at tbe place Sam " knowed on," which turned out to be a small bush public-house, in the landlady of which, who was evidently expecting us, I recognised one of my mother s old assigned servants," The colt made comfortable, with another. spare feed of oats, a rub . down, and his clothing on (for of course he came to me just as I lett him), I was made to refresh myself with some coffee and poached eggs in a quiet little room, and then I lay down to rest till the time when Sam was to call me. It was about 9 o'clock when he awoke me. "Now, Mars Jem," said he, "we don't want nobody to know our little game jest yet, we don't; and, first of all, we're goin* to 'ave breakfast—leastways you are, and then well foller the rest on em to the races. Your par knows as you're all right by this time, and ell be on the course, a lappin'-up the long odds on the quiet." It was eleven o'clock before we made a start, and then we took our time on the road. The Cup was fixed for half-past two, and we reached the ground just as the saddling bell rang. The " old hands" in those days had a means of communication with one another somewhat on the underground railway principle of the old Slave States of America, and my father had been quickly made aware of mymovements in some mysterious manner which would not compromise old Sam and his accomplices with their former associates. Everything, therefore, was ready for me on the course. I quickly donned my racing costume, and, to the consternation of Bill Norgate and his fellow conspirators, I weighed out, and took my preliminary canter. The treatment my colt had suffered did not improve my chance of winning, but like his disreputable-looking old dam, tie was, as Sam said, true grit, ana in the lest quarter of a mile wc managed to get on terms with Bidgery, and outlasting him, just won on the post. And that was the beginning of the time when my birthday present was better known as " Beckenham" than as The Pauper. His old mother received decent burial with every equine rite, and an epitaph proclaiming that " Here lies Old Rags, the dam of Beckenham." As for him, I would not sell him for the value of the Koh-i-noor. That is the story of this lost child, Miss Annie, grown to be a prop for your ; papa's feeble wit, and now I think the best thing for him to do is to tell his story. " Oh, but I've got to see after the sangaree, you know," said Hargreaves. "How about Sing Foo," asked Black. " That, of course, won't do, Hargreaves, wire in." " Well, if I must, here goes, and I shall just make your flesh curreep. for I am going to relate the only true ghost story that ever was. The incident happened at Wooloomooloo some years ago at tbe house of a wealthy merchant whom you all know very well, and is so thoroughly authenticated that there can be no doubt whatever as to the facts. Whatever might have been the domestic relations of Mr. Brown, we will call him, and his wife during the later days of her life it is certain that for many years a happier couple never trod this vale of tears together. For some time prior to her death, however, it was whispered that the relations between them were somewhat strained. Servants will talk, and little matters of no great moment in themselves pointed to the supposition that something had _ happened to seriously offend her. Certain it is that from the time that estrangement was first noticed, Mrs. Brown began to droop, and notwithstanding the assiduous attention and loving care of her husband, she gradually faded away and merged from life to death, rather than died. Poor Brown, who was really devotedly attached to his wife, was greatly cast down by her death. This love was, without doubt, truly returned, and to the very last it spoke in her actions and words, when she was not carried away by a morbid suspicion of her husband, which she no doubt rightly or wrongly entertained. * The Browns, amongst their many acts of philanthropy, had adopted two orphan nieces, to complete whose education a governess was engag^L This lady, a Miss Champney, was not by any means in her first youth, nevertheless she was not only still very handsome, but very fascinating, a much more dangerous or attractive quality, as you may please to look at it. She was treated quite as one of the family, and was never allowed to consider hersdf'a dependant. The girls loved her dearly, and both Mr. and Mrs. Brown liked her exceedingly, the latter plainly showing how much she respected and admired her, by her constant endeavours to make her lot a pleasant one. Now, whether or not Mrs. Brown ever saw or heard anything to lead her to believe that her husband admired Miss Champney, it is certain that the strained relations between husband and wife commenced when that lady had been an inmate of the house about six months. There was certainly nothing to show that either Brown or Miss Champney were more attached to one another than their relative positions justified. From this .time Miss Champney began to complain of sleeplessness and an unaccountable uneasiness when alone. Mrs. Brown redoubled her attentions to her, and did all in her power to restore the health of her governess. The old lady herself had begun to show symptoms of breaking health, and the doctor who was attending her was enjoined to prescribe for Miss Champney. He held along conversation with that lady, but failed to grasp the true nature of her complaint. For the insoinania, of course, be could prescribe, bnt the other symptoms puzzled him in an otherwise strong, sensible woman of splendid physique and clear intellect. What she complained of was that when alone, no matter where she was, day or night, she appeared not to be alone. She felt conscious that some one or something was constantly watching her. This presence, notwithstanding all the nostrums of the doctor, and a physician he begged to study the case, became by degrees so horribly irritating to the poor woman that she became really 01, and complete change of air and scene were recommended. The Browns, as usual, were exceedingly kind, and arrangements were made for Miss Champney and her two pupils to stay for a time in Tasmania.' They were absent from home about three months, and the health of . the governess was completely restored when she returned. (To be continued.) A country parish minister, lately visiting Edinburgh, met in the street a servant girl who had lefth is congregation to go to a situation in the city. "Well, Maggie," said he kindly, , " how do you like your new situation" Fine, i sir;' but I'm gey lonely among sae mony j strange folk." " I was thinking so, Maggie, i Well, 111 call and see,you before I leave 1 town." "Na, sir,"— very dolefully— " ye j maunadae that, for our mistress allows nae ; followei-s ; but"—brightening up—if v<;come •; tae the back gate when it's dark, HI try tae let ye in at the wundy." 