FICTION. iron Cii||llili, Aiii-rlcnu, -m1 Olli-r Ptrlortlcnlf. ILiieia AsMeigli. CHAPTER LI. BROUGHT TO BAT. Fanshane House had been for a long time with- out a tenant. It is strange that good sensible peo- ple will be so foolish, but the only reason this beautiful house had been left to spiders and dust, lay in the fact that five years ago the master of the house had embezzled the funds of the trust com- pany of which he was the president, and when the expose carne, instead of fleeing into Canada for rest and recreation, he had hanged himself in the attic of the fine house, and saved the commonwealth the expenso of tracking him out of the country. And people did not like to go into Fanshane House to live. Credulous folks believed that thq unquiet spnit of the former master had been seen prowling about the silent rooms during the Bmall kours, and |the story grew, and the agent who had the letting of the house found it very hard to rent it to any responsible party. Consequently it had stood empty until Theodore Chester had taken it Chester .had no fear of ghosts or goblins, and Rosine, never having heard anything ibout the pre- vious history of the house, was delighted as a child .with the wide and lofty rooms, the costly and mas- sive furniture, and the well-stocked library. Two weeks after his arrival at the house Chester gave a house-warming, and the elite of the city had , invitations. Rumour had magnified the wealth of the lumber bing, until it was currently reputed that the old man was worth his millions, and suspicion which pervaded thejeommunity that there was a mystery in his 'past life, which no one knew the nature of, made old Chester a very interesting person. .And the wonderful beauty and grace of his young daughter, made the Chesters' house-warming a great event in the town. Among otkers.^the Ashleigh family received .ards. Lucia tossed them over carelessly, and re- marked : "Who are these¡ Chesters PjgSome parvenues, i suppose." N " No, my dear," said Edward ; they are people of some con*equence and largejwealth,lhear. Chester is an Englishman ; was a soldier of note at one time in her majesty's service, and his daughter, Rosine, is a very beautiful girl. You saw them both at the carnival." " Oh, yes, I remember. The girl resembled my old friend. The man was a rough- looking old heathen. I do not think I care to help them get get into society." " Why Lucia ! Th ey will get into society, any -way. Money is the pasBport to fame in this country. And they are such near neighbours. I hope you will re- consider, and conclude to go to the house-warm- ing." " Oh," said Lucia, indifferently, " of course, if you wish me to go, I will do so. I would do any- thing to please you, Edward." " I believe you/dear. You are the best sister in the world." He put his arm around her waist and kissed her fondly. And Lucia, blushing, extricated herself from his embrace, and changed her seat to a chair near the window. Edward looked at her in surprise. " Lucia, one would fancy that you were a young girl, and I was your lover. Why do you avoid me dear?" "I do not," eaid Lucia, a little pettishly. "Why do you think so ? One does not want one's laces mussed so early in the afternoon." v " Oh-h ! ' said the young man, slowly, and look- ing as if he was strongly tempted to whistle, "M did not think of that ; and beg your pardon." * * # # . # * The night of Mr. Chester's house-warming, he could certainly have no fault to find with the crowds of St. Paul's noblest and fairest which flocked to enjoy his hospitality. The spacious rooms were a blaze of light, the perfume of flowers loaded the air, and the bright blossoms gave the place the appearance of a floral tower. , At the head of the long parlours Rosine stood by her father's Bide, a flush on her round cheek, a sparkle in her eye, the admired of all the guests. She wore a dress of pale-blue silk, looped up with pink roses j her fair hair floated unconfined over her beautiful shoulders, and her round white arms were bare almost to the corsage. A more beautiful young girl it would have been hard to find, even in a city like St. Paul, noted for its large number of fine women. It wa» rather late when the Ashleighs arrived. Lucia had a habit; of being late everywhere paitly, perhape, because she waa so constantly engaged in fashionable gaieties that the thing partook ofsntioty; and partly because ßhe could not help knotting that her magnificent beautyv attracted more attention when she arrived late. Mr. Ashleigh, senior, was not feeling well, and sent his regrets. Lucia came in on the arm of her brother. The faces of Theodore Chester and Lucia Ash- leigh, when they met, would have been a study for a painter. Chester's, dark, gloomy, full of strong hatred and something like the fierceness which gleams in .the eyo of a blood-hound when he pauses for a mo- ment to enjoy his triumph before his jaws close on his prey } and Luoia's, calm, cold, and impassive, with, a defiance which nothing conld intimidate smolderingln her dark eyes. Mr. Chester received Edward with polite cordia- lity, but the smile died out of his fine old face, and the linos about his mouth grew rigid as steel, when Edward presented his sister' " Your sister ?" he repeated, in a hard voice " your sister, I think you said ?" But he did not offer her his hand, and when Rosine would have atoned for what she thought was her father's rudeness, Mr. Chester quietly pushed back her extended hand, and stood with folded arms and bloomy brow, sternly regarding the young heiress. Lucia gave him back look for look. Her proud, cold eyes never changed or faltered, her beautiful face .never flushed or paled. And her voice, when she spoke to Rosine, was sw eet and clear. " I am glad to know you, Miss Chester, aad pleased to hear that we are such near neighbours. And last winter your face gave me such a shock ' You are very much like a friend of mino who is dead." A scornful smile curled Theodore Chester's lips as Lucia spoke, but he made no comment. The gay party went on. Mirth and song pre- vailed, and music from a gifted orchestra made the air resonant. The young people danced ; the older ones gathered about Mr. Chester, and questioned him about his life in the woods, aud put skilful en- quiries regarding what he intended to do in the future. One's neighbours, you know, are always anxious to know what your future movements are likely to be. Toward the close of the evening, which had been i a grand success for the young hostess, Lucia Ash- leigh stepped for a moment into the conservatory to get a breath of fresh air. She had been the gayest of the gay, and had danced nearly every set. Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were feverish with excitement. She stood behind an orange tree, and looked out at the dancers with brooding eyes. Bosine, radiant in youth, and beauty, and happi- ness, passed down the spacious room on the arm of Edward Ashleigh. Her sweet young face was upturned to his, and there was a smile on his face which had so seldom worn a smile since the death of poor Florence. A fierce pang Bmote Lucia's heart. This girl this stranger, this nameless daughter of a nameless lumberman-could make him smile by only the guileless look of her eyes ; while she, Lucia Ash- leigh, the beauty and belle of the city, had not >power by all her blandishments to chase the gloom from his brow. " Let her beware," said Lucia, under her breath. " No -woman shall take the place in his hear^which I covet, and live." Her face changed and grew distorted with passion. In the dim light of the silver lamp she looked old, and gray, and haggard. Her arm was touched from behind. Lucia hid heard no step, and she turned quickly, and met the stern, forbidding countenance of Mr. Chester. " Well, madam," he said quietly, as if he were continuing a conversation previously begun, " what do you propose to do ?" "I do not comprehend you," she said coldly. "Allow me to pass." " Not till I have said my say. Victorine Weldon, will you cast off the mask you are wearing, of your own accord, or will you compel me to tear it from your face ?" " I am wearing no mask, old man, that I am aware of. You must be crazy. I shall deem it my duty to inform the authorities, and have you put under restraint." " I have come to St. Paul," went on the cold, un- relenting voice of Mr. Cheater, " on purpose to hunt you down ! I recognised you at once, last winter, when I saw you at the Carnival. No wonder you fainted at the sight of my daughter, who is as like the woman you foully murdered, as one red rose is like another." " Old man, be careful what yon say ! I have murdered no woman, either like your daughter, or otherwise." " You killed Eva Chester-you and the vile wretch whom you sought to many, but who, with all his vileness, I am told, never quite descended to the degradation of making you his wife !" " I do not in the least understand you, sir," said the girl, with the utmost calmness, turning her fine eyes upon Chester with a look so full of scorn that, for a moment, the old man was almost tempted to think that ho was mistaken, and that she was in- deed Lucia Ashleigh, and not the guilty woman he believed her to be. But it was only for a moment, and then a convic- tion which no after power could shake regarding her identity settled down upon him. There was, there could be, no doubt. " I will give you two weeks in which to quit the country," said Chester. " Two weeks from to-day, and this is Thursday, if you are in St. Paul, if you are in the United States, I will reveal to all the world your true character, lhese people who have seen you riding past with a proud mien and a beautiful, scornful face, shall know that no dissolute wretch who walks the streets of this city at mid- night has a record half so black as yours. They Bhall know that you have been guilty of the crime of murder ; they shall know you have stood in a crowded London court-room and been tried for your life, and that while the evidence was not sufficient to bring your neck into the halter, yet every person in England who had made a study of the case was convinced of your guilt." " Old man, you are romancing. Too much wine must have turned your brain. I decline to con- tinue this interview longer. Allow me to pass out." " Not until you have heard me through." He put up his stalwart arm and stopped her progress. " Through a foul plot, aided by your devilish cun- ning, you have taken the place in a highly respect- able family made vacant by the loss of a dear and only daughter. You have succeeded in deceiving a confiding old man, and, strangely enough, you have also deceived a man who ought to have known bet- ter. Your likeneBs to the missing heiress ia, they tell me, simply perfect. And now I tell you to leave the false position you occupy and leave the country whioh your presence disgraces, and my lips shall be sealed as to your paßt record ; but remain here one day longer than the time I have mentioned, and I will blazon your shameful story in every newspaper in the land." "You are a lunatic !" said Lucia, coldly ; "and before to-morrow night I' shall take measures to have you secured. You are a dangerous person to be abroad." She swept paBt him and joined Edward, who had just left Rosine in the care of the middle-aged widow who had come to dwell in the house in the capacity of chaperon. " Lot us go home," said Lucia, slipping her arm into his. " It is late, and I am tired." He saw how pale she was, and he hurried through the ceremony of leave-taking, and the two were soon in the carriage driving homeward. " What did you think of the new neighbours ?" asked Edtvard. " Is not the old man afine looking specimen of what a man should be at his age? and the daughter is simply charming." " The man," said Lucia, yawning, ** is a little deranged, I should say, and the girl is pretty and Bimple. It is near one, is it not ?" He told her the exact time, looking at his watch, as they passed a street- lamp, and nothing more-was said until they bade each other good-night in the hall. That night after she had gone to her room Lucia wrote a brief note, which she posted herself the next morning in one of the lamp-post boxes. And the second morning afterward every news- paper in St. Paul came out with the startling announcement that Theodore Chester, " the dis- tinguished 'and eccentric Englishman who has so recently come to reside in our midst," etc., etc., etc., was missing. He had gone out, as was his custom, for a little while after tea, and had not returned. His daughter was nearly frantic over his absence, and the police were busy trying to discover what had had become of hiin. Foul play was feared, a. he had a large sum of money with him at the time. Edward Ashleigh read the account aloud at the breakfast table. Lucia calmly broke an egg into her cup, and remarked, as she stirred her coffee : " I thought he had a streak of insanity in his composition. I think I mentioned it to you. He should have remained in the wilds. Town life was too exciting for him." "How sad for the poor young girl," said Edward. "Lucia, you are a woman, and she would be comforted by your sympathy. Why not go to her?" " My dear brother, you are quixotic. I am not acquainted with the girl. And she has Mrs. Marlowe with her. You must excuse me." Edward said no more, but he satisfied himself by calling that very morning at Fanshane House and offering his services to help in finding the lost tnaster ¡ and Rosine, her pretty face wet with tears, and her sweet voice husky with emotion, thanked him in a way which would have paid a man for any amount of trouble. The search went on, and a week pasFed, and still uo trace of Theodore Chester. 