SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. THE T.R.C. SPRING MEETING. Derby Day Reviewed. HOW THE BLUE TtlBAND WAS TFON. Strathinore's Victory and Strpuilioli's Defeat. Sydney Sportsmen out of Luck— Tips for clis Third ami Fourth Days— The Dawson and Williams Oozing Contest. (By 'Ajai.') Melbodene, Monday. Derby Day is over, and by the time this is in print the Cup will have been run for and won. To Sydney people more especially Derby Day of 1891 is likely to be long re membered, All the good things Of our visitors failed to come off, and the only win that Sydney trainers were favored with all day — that of Cardoness in the last race— Borved to make matters worse for the merry punters from the other side of the Murray, as Cardoness was allowed to go out unbacked, and he boat La Tosca aud Ascot Vale, on whom all the money was piled. Then to make the eup of bitterness full to overflowing, Dawson was beaten by Williams in the even ing, aud thereby several hundreds of Sydney's good money went into the pookets of Vic torians. Usually bur visitors are very successful on the first-day of the meeting, and more than once they have piilled off the Molbourne Stakes, Derby and Maribymong Plate, and thon just to give a further taste of their quality have walked away with one of the handicaps. The late James White was wont to make the pace pretty warm each year on the opening day, as the viotories of Palmyra, Segenhoe, Iolaqthe and Aome in the Slaribyrnong Plate, Chester, Martini ? Henri, Nordonfeldt, Tri dent, Ensign and Dreadnought in the Derby, and Abercorn aud others in the Melbourne Stakes toatify. Since the death of this lamented sportsman things have not been going so well with Tom Pay ten, who, as trainer to the syndicate represented by ' Mr. J. B. Clark,' has had to put up with a lot of bad luok. The V.R.C. wore nnluoky this year in retting a wet Derby Day, but it is doubtful f this in any way affoctod the attendanoo, as :he majority of those present were on the lonrse before tho rain came. The bad times lad more1 to answer for in the falling off in the ittondanoe as compared with last year than bad. the unfavorable meteorological conditions. 3till the attendance was a large one, and if the weather be fine for Cup .Day I daro say the assemblage will be quite up to the average of past years. . ? Tho racing, commencod with the Maidon Plate, for which Mr. W. R. Wilson's fine looking colt, Steadfast, by Nordenfeldt from Nellie Moore, the dam of Loshiel, was mado favorite, With the erratic Gatling noxt in demand, and Norbert and Stone Design bajkeii at outsido prices. Steadfast proved as good as he looks, and won the raco with ridiculous ease, Havilah and Norbert filling the places. Steadfast, before louj;, ought to win a much moro important race than a Maiden Plate, but as for that brute, Gatling, he ought to be put betweon tho shafts o£ a hansom cab. Ho is always going to do some thing, but fails time after time in the most ignominious manner. He was a doar bit of horseflesh to Mr. Gannon, and all told, mast havo cost his owner something like jeiO.000 since he has had him. The seoond event, the time-honored Melbourne Stakes, a raoe of much im portance in itself and of great signifi cance as throwing light on tho sub sequent evonts of tho meeting-. Usually, ono horse sjunifa out far superior to the ro maiuder of the field iu thfo race, but this cir cumstance was even more marked this year than in tho past. With tho respectable field of thirteen runners, Marvel looked such a certainty tor the race that odds were laid on lum and 10 to 1 could be obtained bar one. As in tho betting, so in the race. It was a one-horse affair, though Bungebah looked like making a fight of it at the distance, and brought the biuok son of Marvellous to the whip. But he soon wore Bnngebah down, and thongh the official verdict was only half a length, the win was a very ea3y one. Bungebah Ehowed to much greater advantage than he did in the Caulfield Stakes, but the son of Grandmaster appears to be none too game. Whimbrel's bold front in the raco placed his backers for the Melbourne Cap on good terms with themselves, and Correze, Marvel, and Annesley also ran well, but Malvolio and Paris did not perform at all promisingly, and Tiraillour cut up badly. The Hotham Handicap, of li mile and a distance, was a great luxury to Pigeontoe, who, with his 71b penalty, only had 7st 81b to carry. Thepuntersrushedhimin the betting, and the brother to Lady Betty and Bowraont went out at evens, Clonard, on whom Mat. Harris had the mount, being the only other starter backed with any spirit, and he receded in the betting ju3t before the fall of the flag in an ominous manner. Pigeontoe won with consummate ease, the boy on him haviug a big hold of his head from tho home turn, and his supporters for the Mel bourne Cup smiled significantly after the raoe. Portsea. filled second place, but Dillon conld.I fancy, have boan in that position. Jack aud Alliance were amongst the starters, but neither was backed. Then came on for decision the great race of the day, the Derby. Strathmore hardened to even monoy just before tho fall of tho flag, and the support accorded to Oxide brought him iuto tho position of second favorite. The friends of Stromboli wore very confident right np to the fall of the flag, and Payteu made no seoret of his belief that ho would with the brother of Volcano ac complish tho downfall of Strathmors. Penance had nofc been doing well daring the few days beforo the race, and was almost friendless, and none of tho others were much fancied. Albemarle made most of tho running in tho interests of Stromboli, and having accomplished his mission retired at the distance, where Strathmore took command. Stromboli drew np almost level with the favorite, and for the moment it looked as if the Caul field Guineas verdict was to be re versed, but a prick of the spurs mado Strath, more bound away from the brown as if he v»as sfamdine still, aud the Derbv was won bv Strathmoro in as easy a manner as ever a race nas wou. That StromboU has a weak spot there can be no doubt ; he showed the white feather in bhe Canlfiold Guineas, aud he unmistakably out it in the Derby. He has plenty of pace, but has no^eart. With a decent weight on lie should just about land a Newmarket Han dicap, but he will never finish well if anything that can go gets alougside him at tho ond of a race of any length. Stroinboli's connec. tions have lost a heap of money over the race, but those behind Strathmore have tt.kcn a lot of money out of the ring— quite .£30,000 i should my, and he has been coupled with every horse in the Cup with the ghost of a show. The recent victories of Zalinski, Steadfast aud Strathmore is a feather in the cap of Nordenfeldt as a sire, and Mr. S. Hor dern has in the son of Musket a horse who promises to make as good a name for himself as his great father did. Oxide's people were very confident of suc cess, but the little chap's chance was some what interfered with by being knocked about igi the straight. In any event, however, he oould have had no chance, as the race was run, with either the first or second horse. Penance looked exceedingly dangeron3 for a moment at the distance, as he shot out as if ho wore going to .land the race easily, but he immediately dropped back as if his condition was not good enough for a finish. Albemarle seems to have plenty of pace ; but Sword bearer, farrau, . Sterneliaser and The Robe) found the pace altogether too fast for them , while St.- Albans was quite out of place in suoh company. The result of the Maribymong Plate upset all previous calculations. The winner, Etra. Weenie, had inn once or twice previously, but' Bhowed- only fair fot-m, but Bhe was backed down to a short price at the last moment, though Meli and Moonray were bettor favorites. Moonray does not appear o bo too game, as she had everything in hoi avor, but was done with at tho distance, an4 loli only ran respectably. The race wm ron easily; enough by Etra-Weenie, but Th« 'aptainis' a youngster more to my liking .ud one likely to ripen into a Derby colt, Nobody ran well, and so did Das VCouuor, who had to put up with a III lenalty. I liked very much the appearasct if Brotherton (a. bay colt by Newiouuitw* Uttlo Sister) and Inheritance (by OraoJJ. naster— Legaoy), and Survivor (by Robinsol Crusoe— Rustic Lass) will be heard ot again. Etra-Weenie is by Trenton out of Nellty tho dam of Epi, Wilga, and Tarran), and hsj vinmuBthavo been pleasing to Mr. ''\Y. R. Wilson, who owns her sire, who will, if I Injs ;ake nut, run Nordenfeldt close as a getter. o£ ;ood stook. Musket has loft three splendid mrses behind him iu Nordenfeldt, TrentoHj ind Martini-Henry. .. The Coburg Stakes, -which brought tha lay's racing to a close, wont to Tom Lamoml'g Cardoness, who was not baoked for a boan. Afoot Vale and Lti Tosca were well supported in this race, but neither had a show with the winner. Quality antl Steeltrap ran protni. nently for a inilo( and both are worth watching. By the tiniO tbi.4 letter is published t!i9 second day's racing will be over, so I am not sailed upon to weigh the ohanees of tho horses 3ompotiug in the various events on Cup Day, but on the third there arc ono or two event] which I may discuss. The first of these is th« FLYING STAKED, ? Df Rfiven furlongs, in which tho groat Marvel tvill probably sport siile again. It strikes me that Marvel is becoming somewhat slnggiah. as ho gets older, imd therefore I would not bo surprised to see him beaten iii 'Ma race br a, good two or three-ycir-old. .StratUmoie it engaged, and, it' started, hoahould jKst about win, and I will place STRATHMORE ' ...' ... ' ... 1 Marvel ... ? ? ... 2 Dak O'Connor or BcraaKBAit ..-. :i The weights are not yet out for tho Second Hurdle Raw, Spring Handicap, or Veteran Stakes, but I can deal with THE OAKS, which will probably see a very small field sporting silk. I fancy ALBINA ? 1. Corvette ? ... 2 Lady Cabbing ? ... a THE ROYAL PARK STAKES is run over a mile and five furlongs, and is a. woight- for-age race. The runners will pro bably include Marvel, Megaphone, Strath more, Pigeontoe, Correze, and Highborn, and thongh Marvel is considered more at home over tho shorter journey, I prefer him for thiB race, and will go for MARVEL ? ? 1 Stbathmork ? 2 Megaphone or Cokkeze... ... 3 On tho fourth day tho FOAL STAKES should prove a good thing for . STRATHMORIJ, and for the CANTERBURY PLATE. ? which is run over two miles, the place3 should be filled by MARVEL ? 1 Steathmore... ? ? a STKOMBOIit ? ? 3 The great race of the day will be THE STEEPLECHASE for which Sir Wilfred is favorito with 12si 131b, a weight which ho is quite master of. Waiter, list 51b, will run woll, and so will Cornet,' 9st lllb, and lluaaeo, 12it 111b. I wilj givo my verdict for SIR WILFRED ? ... 1 Corset ? 'J Bosaco ? ;i Mr. D. S. Wallace has had an offer. on. be half of an American breeder for Carbine, the prico mentioned being .£20,000 ; but the. Hon. Donald wasn't ' on.' We sent -two good horses in Darobin aud Sir Modred out of tha country, and it i3 satisfactory to know that wo have such a' patriotic sportsman in our midst as Mr. Wallace. . ?''.'*. Tho Sydney members of the ring, tit present . in Melbourne arc to be . entertained at a bait* quet on Oaks night, by. the mombers of tha Australian Bookmakers Association reHiooiif; iu llolbourue. Thi3. is return fur timlue'i extended to the .Melbourne metaliicir.iis by the Syduey bookmakers during the A.J.O. meet intr- . . ? ' . I was present at the Dawaon ntul Williams bosiiij,' match on Saturday night, unit thnujrh rather out of uiv dupurtiuout, I wonicl liku io say a word about it. Duwson is undoubtedly clover, and two or'threo times ho showed himself very tricky in escaping pmiishmen:, but Williams carried' too many guns, 'fur him ' altogether. Williams is a Slavin on a small scale. Ho has not lunch science, .but rualina in and breaks down almost any guard. Ho hits very hard and -straight, and is not afraid of a blow or tivo himself. DitiraoM Iiada't a ghost of a show, and tho sounding; of the gor.jt just saved himtrom bcinjf- knocked out iu tha second round. He wns ?'? dcud-liukul ' in the fourth round, his face being- terribly hacked 'aboat. Williams was hooted for making a blow at Dawsou as the Jatiev was us'iug, anil tiia referee was blamed in some quarters for nnt giving the fight to' Daivso.u on a foul, but nt that time Williams had won, as. the Syibu-y. man did not respond' in time after the csiiiia tiou of the ten seconds. Daw*»i fought vary gamely, but he met a phenomenal tiglitcr iu Williams, and one who will, in my op::iioii, hold his own with the best of his clua* iu tha world. I trust that ? vour bosiujr' contributor will not think I am.-in referring to this.int-.r resting contest, poaching ou his preserve. 