AQUATICS., In the matter of the champion sculling race neither M'Leun nor Stanbury hare gone into active training yet. Both are getting new boats built, and M'Lean, who is at present at home, will return to his training quarters towards tne ena oi cm moutn. The Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron have a race this afternoon for yachts five tons and under 20 tons rating, the first prize being £16, second prize £5. The course is from line off Orlando's buoy down to and around R.S.Y.S. bnoy at Manly, back round Shark Island (keeping the Pile light beacon and bnoy on starboard quarter), round Fort Denison, thence round Lightship, Sow and Pigs, Shurk Island and back to flagboat off Macquarie. The handi caps are Ttielina, J. F. Honre, scratch ; Isea, F. Milford, M.D., 18niin. losec-j Sao, A.J. Soutar, 16.46; lolantho, \V. M. Maclardy, 17; Assegai, W. P. Smairl, 17.80. The steamer Rose will follow tbo race, leaving Princes' Stairs at 1.45. The Sydney Amutenr Sailing Club hare a race this afternoon for painted boats with limited crews for prizes £5 and £2. the coarse being round lightship, round Shark Island, round boat off Fort Macqnarie, round Fort Denison and back to flagboat. Mr. M'Murcrie will act as starter. The following are the entries : iEolus, C. J. Saunders, scratch ; Sea breeze, F. C. llae, 8min. ; Curlew, H. B. Picker- ill", 4Jmin. ; Tempest, A. Gale, &imin;, ; Netta, K \V. Heywood, 7min. j Leabia, J. Lyons, 8min. The Port Jackson Sailing Club bare this afternoon the eecond race for tho Mark Foy trophies. The following handicaps have been declared luiogene and Irerna, 'Jmin. ; Our May, 8min. ; Wild Wave, Maasilia and The Ghost, "inin. ; Our Tom, Brain. ; Lavinia and Violet, 5uiin. ; Isadora, 4miu. ; Esmeralda and Atalanta, Suiin. ; Idothea, 2tuin. ; Lottie, Mau- tuia and Craigielee. scratch. The Botany Saiiiug Club have a best and best race ovor tho usual course nt Botany this ufternoou in connection with the Mark Foy trophy. The following are the entriei t— 1 Kananook, 2Cft ; Carbine, 28ft. ; Sheet Anchor, Iris, Ol&dys; and Bravo, 22ft. ; Magio and Young Fred, 21ft. ; Nordenfeldt and Chance, 20ft. s Echo and Isabel, 19ft., with an allowance oi 2min. per foot. The steamer Mermaid haa beea engaged to follow the race. The 12th annual regatta of the Glebe Bowing Cinb takes place this afternoon on the watere fronting the club shed. Mr. M. A Zollner will act as starter, Mr. B. G. Paddle as judge aad Mr. J. Leeds as umpire. There are five races down for discussion, tbe first of which is to start at 2.30 and the last nt 4.30. The steamer Quaadoag will leave Erskino- street at 2 and Glebe Point at 2.30. The race between the 16ft dingiee Our Own and Our Boys for a stake of £20 takee place this afternoon, the course being from moorings in Snail's Bay round Shark Island and back. Mr. A. F. Munday haa been appointed stake holder aod Mr. W. E. Booth starter and umpire. As great interest is being takep in this race in Balmain a steamer haa been ea- gaged to follow the race. Mr. A. E. Blair's 10ft. dingy Baceland and Mr. Doran's Alarcello hare a race this afternoon for a stake of £10. The course is from moorings in Johnson's Bay round Shark Island and back. Mr. A. F. Munday is stakeholder and Mr. Harry Ellis starter and umpire. The committee of ihe East Sydney Amateur Sailing Cinb held their committee meeting at their club-rooms, Temperance ball, on Wednes day evening last, the chair being occupied by Mr. W. A. Notting, commodore. Arrangements for the nezt club race on 21st inst. were made. It was decidrd that the ruce should be a han dicap one, open to all boats of the club, and tha conditions — jib and mainsail, booming out ullowed. Tbe entries to close on Monday, 16th inst., with the acting-secretary, at 98 King- street. The course to be the usual alternative! one for Mauly or Sow and Pigs, at the discre tion of skippers of competing boats. The eemt haudicapper, timekeepers and starters, Ac., ae lust race were reappointed, and the Pallia system of starting with numbered flags to be adopted. A motion to the effect that all competing boats should be entirely under the direction and control of the starter after leet flag was dropped, and no means of propulsion except sails be ullowed, ercn if boats were not up to the Hue, wus carried. It was decided to place a race ou the programme for next month for all boats hailing from East Sydney, whether belonging to club or not. Prizes, as won last club race, January 24( were banded over. The Lottie thus secured first, the Alma second and the Elsie third prize. 