Sua&ay; at Same '' ; ; Musings by the Way; : ' Bt ' Ehilamthbopos/'7'''' ?;; ; ':-i; ' ???' ?'? Nc-:'58.';i '?;;' ~: A ?'?'?' ;-'-'-''' : 'Times there' r'are'N'in miD.st/'lf'not all, persons' lives, ' wh'en , everything that is purely conventional and' matter-of-fact is swept away and when .'the' depths'' of their hearts are opened and the deep( things hidden therein come' forth into the light. There is a deeper side to every person's life and character— a side very of ten' quite un known and unsuspected by the1 world, and which of course varies in each individual according to their own peculiar character istics. Tho view we present to the 'world at large! is not necessarily, a. true one, for, without' being designedly hypocrites,' most of us carry about with us a good deal of artificiality, or of what is ' put on.'; This arises from several causes— ^either from an unwillingness or shyness to exposo our; deeper and holier thoughts . to others, ori from a desire to escape' being thought over; religious. With religious hypocrisy I havej nothing to do with; that carries, its owni condemnation with it^ arid we instinctively! avoid those who assume a religious ;cloak I and tone to hide their' worldliness; 'f'l ami rather alluding to that 'condition 'of life ; which is common to 'most'people^p youl arid to me — a condition' with whidhwe are fairly satisfied, but without any' sufficient: reason for being so.- It ia ' alt very well; debiring ; to avoid ?'. making /'public '? our deeper thoughts^ ' nor are we' neces sarily bound to: do so. : It is .true .that we are bidden to 'let our light so shine before men that they may see bur good works,' but it does riot follow that. becaiise our 'works' are made manifest that therefore the thoughts and promptings which inbved us to do those works should be equally exposed andmade known. On the contrary I am inclined to think that in many casesit would be fatal for us to do so. There is always the great danger of our beiag carried away by our feelings and giving expression tosenti- ments which, we believe, but, alas, 'only believe, we have felt and experienced. I doubt whether we could express in actual words all the deep things which at times cross the field of our spiritual vision;indeed, so awful does the contemplation of the deepest thing in our hearts seem to us — viz: — the sense of the unutterable holiness and love of God— that like St Peter of old we are inclined to cry,'Depart from me for I am a sinful man.' In other words, the more we realise our own utter unholiness, the more do we feel as though we could no longer endure the near presence of tbe Holy One. This sense of God's holiness and his hatred of sin,makes us feel inclined to re-echo the words of the Israelites, 'Let not God ipeak with us lest we die.' It ia this very feeling which to a certain extent marks the position we have attained in our spiritual growth, for is it not a fact, that, where there is practically no contradiction felt between God and the sinner — between the holy and unholy, there must be something radically and entirely wrong— a state of profane and godless existence? The higher we rise above our merely worldly life, the greater will we feel the contradic tion between good and bad : God will be in our eyes as a consuming fire, not; mark you, any more for the sinner, but only -for tho fiin. .We shall- still feel— fepl.even ?more strongly t-ban over— how widq and deep ia the gulf! which iseparfttp's Iis?arus from 1'ives -the holy and sinful j but at tbe same time 5 wo shall recognise the all important and consoling fact that this same gulf has been'bridfjed over,' bo that it is no longer impossible .that sinful mixn and the Holy God should meet-r-ray, they; have already met5 in the .person of ^Christ;, ;who united, both natures in -Himself. If the children' of .Israel could not lo-k on the face of Moses until he had coveied it with a veil, how much less could the sinner be hold the open vision of God's face unless he had been gradually trained to do ao by beholding for a while the veiled splendour of God's Son. whose nearness every sinful man may endure, and in that nearness may little by littlobe prepared fu1 a still more gloriou3 consummation. . . . ? ? Supposing ''Hb'a't our Lord bnd ^complied with St. Peter's request and, taking him at his word,,had departed from biin as he d d from the'Tergesories.who also requested him. to' depart from them, it would have been fatal to him.but.it is hardly necessary 'to point; out that. St. Peter'B request was' made, in quite a different Fpirit. That re quest was not. made in the spirit of those who, ????-.as-, we -? read in the book of ,Job,.'.(xxii. 17)i.8aid unto God, ' De part from us.1'. ?. Evidently St. Peter's cry arose, not : from an' unwillingness to be near Christ, but ratherfrom an overwhelm ing sense of his own utter un worthiness to ,be .so blessed:- Christ's reply, 'Fear not.' at once conveys the blessed assurance that He is come not to destroy but to save, and further Bhowsthatif Peter ' realises his own isinfulness, there-is! then all the irioro need, that Christ should be : near him, an-l Christ gives to him 'the comforting assur ance* that He will be. i And to ?' show Peter that he has no causn to fear, 'our Lord announces to him the great mission work .for. rwhieh Hepha's designed him;- 'J Fear not,- -from ' henceforth.,' -thou 'shalt' eatoh men.' .^SXiii-.i. ? ? ? . And. here let me .point out the wonder ful way in which the ordinary occupation ;of Jife.'tnay -be-'i employed '? as -'tKe means : in God's handslof bringing' us -nearer to Him. As the unknown author of an ancient ser- . monlput'it., ' .While'. 'Peter is snaring 'fishy tribes; he: himself falls 'into the net of the Saviour.' ' Admire, 'said St. Chrysostom, ' .the ;?? dispensation of the Lord, how He draws .each : by the art which is most familiar and natural to him — as the MagianB by a star, so the ' fishermen ? by fish.' So too another writer (Downe) says: r^'-The Holy Ghost speaks in such torms and such- phrases as may most work upon them to whom He speaks. Of David, that was a shepherd before, God says, He took him' tofeed His people. To' those Magi of the Bast, .who were given ;to the study of the stars, God gave a star to be their guide to ,Chri8t at Bethlehem. To those who: i followed' Him toiiCapernaum for meat, Christ took occasion, by that to preach to them of the spiritual vfood- rof -.(their. :souls: .Tor the 'Samaritan woman :,wh,'om. He-, found -afc -the well, He ?preaohedrof the ; water~of life. -To 'those men in our ? text;-, accustomed to a joy arid gladness, when they. took great store of fish, He presents His comforts agreeably to their. :taste' ; ;they ? should C be fishers still. So Christ - makes heaven : all things^ tot all nien, tbat.He might gain all.'.' .-i-.y-y '?'?'? ' 'Vfeaee therefore-.how God calledin 'dif- ferent ways, displaying an infinite variety^ and richuess,7those.who; were^to'labour ra^ His vineyard. But however much the call imight \vary in its outwardilciriSumstances in essence 'it waa and is'always the same ' God manifests Himself to His servants, as; He hasney,er done beforehand- itf'the light; ?of' this ' maiiif e'statipn ' the. 'ja'an'reco'gnises ; his own weakness1,' insufficiency, and guilt,i as helhas.nev;er,before dpnev , He may ex-1 claim,' ' I amslow of 'speech' arid of ' a slow '. tongue,' .or, 'I ..cannq.t ..speak, (forl.ama! child,' ,|or 'il am^a mafaiof lunclean' lips,'' ;' o'r''as~in ihecase 'of St. Peter, 'I amaj sinful man.' ..-Thetsoul-of thefmahhum-j b'lea itself, and out of the depths of this ? humiliation -rises ;upxanother,r being,-; an ; instruriient fitted for the work of'God.isuch as' he would never : have been : had not his : earthly being thus been bowed before the face of God. :: (Do weinotseein! tbe':lives! of St. Paul or of -.the prophet: Jonah; instances | of how after the soul of these men had ' learnt , thisxgreat ? lesson, .'-. they !at once ; became, willing-and suitable ...; instruments for performing: the special task for which God designed. them. :. -; 'i , ..,' _.;-. .-:?' ? -.jib is also worthy of notice that :everi as God is pleased to make use of our poor human powers and faculties in His service, so He improves arid- magnifies those same powers and- gdrifies them. Thus returning to St. Peter,- vwe find that: he' who before had been but a. simple: fisherman, was now to become a fisher of men — no longer to merely entrap 'his i prey for' death, but for life. (Note :. the word : in the original Zogreuein means 'to -take alive'). Peter was to take men, andtake them for life not tor death. You see how perfect the whole picture is : the fisher, unlike the hunter, draws his prey towards him 5 idoes not drive it from him ; how more often than not he takes it alive, and not merely draws towards himself but one towards another; so. too are we the servants of Christ to deal with men's souls. We are bidden to bring together the divided hearts, the confused wills into one great fellowship — the fellowship of Christ. Glorious as this work is, a work in which each individual soul is not only invited but bidden to take a part, yet it must be evident to all that it cannot be rightly or successfully undertaken without we feel something more than a mere, momentary or passing impulse or sentiment; unless in fact we are fully conscioua.-not only of our own guilt and uriwprthinese, but still more of the all holiness' and love of our God.;..-: ??????;? j -???'[?:? '?]?-?-;':[ '; '!'?':. ''; '='1 ; j \ '??''.' \'\ '?'??.. '?'; .??'? . ': I 