[Singleton Police Court. TUESDAY, 13th OCTOBER. (Before Messrs a. T. Loder and Bob. Wad dell, J's.P.) TRESPASS ON ENCLOSED LANDS. John Carroll was charged by Timothy Bowoock with trespassing on his enclosed lands. Mr A. B. Shaw appeared for the com- plainant, and Mr H, V. Howe for the defendant. After the case had been called on, Mr Howe put in a defence that there was a right of way through the land in question, and that therefore the Bench had no jurisdiction. Mr Shaw said that, under the plea just raised, there was no use in going on with the case, as the Bench had no jurisdiction; and he would therefore withdraw it. SURETIES TO KEEP THE PEACE, Patrick Carroll was charged with threatening bodily injury to Timothy Bow cock, and an application was made that he be bound over to keep the peace. Mr Shaw for complainant; Mr Howe for defendant. Timothy Bowcock deposed that he waa a farmer residing near Broke; on the 23rd September, at about 8 o'clock in the even- ing, defendant went to his place; he was without a hat; he said to him (complainant) "By tho Holy Ghost, I will kill you this night;" the words were used on his (witness's) own land, about 100 yards from his house; besides the words named, defen dant also used other similar expressions towards him; it was dark at the time, and he believed defendant had a stick in his hand; witness afterwards went home, and an old man who was there asked him what was the matter; in consequence of the threats used he was afraid defendant would do him an injury. By Mr Howe: There had been a quarrel between John Carroll and witness over a right of way, and he stopped Carroll from going over it in consequence of his leaving the rails down; he did not have a quarrel with defendant, but he did tell him not to meddle with the old man, or he might be injured in some way by him; he denied there was any right of way over his land, nor had any claim been made for it. By the Bench: He could not say whether defendant was under the influence of liquor at the time. James McDonald deposed that he was a laborer; he remembered the night of the 23rd September last; was near complainant's place; heard defendant threaten to take complainants life that night, but he could not say what the exact words used were. By Mr Howe: He lived at Mr Cooper's place, about a quarter of a mile from com plainant's; could not say what day of the week the 23rd September was; he was at home at Mr Cooper's on last Weodnesday fortnight; was there all day, and also all the evening; was positive he heard the threat used by defendant; the threat was made use of on complainant's land. Mr Howe here put in an almanac, showing that tho 23rd September was on the Wednes day that he (McDonald) had sworn that he was at home all day and night. By tho Bench : It was between 8 and 9 o'clock on the evening in question when he heard the words used. William Osborne said he lived at com plainant's place; he was a groom; he re membered the evening of the 23rd September last; there was some dispute between the complainant and defendant; did not hear the threatening words said to have been used by defendant to complainant, but he did hear the former say at the stockyard, " Where is that xxx bastard; com plainant went to witness and told him that his life had been threatened by defendant, and asked for his gun. For the defence, Patrick Carroll, the defendant, deposed that he was a farmer, and lived near Broke;he knew com plainant, and met him on a recent Wednes day evening; he (defendant) was going to Broke at the time; met him whilst going through his land; they had a few words about a right of way; complainant told witness that if he went to his house he would be shot; his right of way led past com plainant'a house; did not make uso of the words sworn to by complainant, nor did he use any other threat that would put him in fear of his life; there had also been a dispute about the same time between wit ness's brother and complainant; complain ant came and stopped his brother from going along the road, and when he [defen dant) went up they were disputing; the right of way went just by the side of com- plainant's house; the threatening language was made use of by complainant to him (witness); since the 23rd September he had not seen complainant; he had not used the right of way sinoe then. By Mr Shaw: He went to complainant's place to claim his right of way he went on his own business; complainant did say that if he went near his house he would be shot, not that the old man would shoot him; he never threatened to kill the complainant witness did say that he and his brother would go through the paddock whenever they pleased, in spito of complainant; would not say why he first went to complainant's place on the evening in question. By the Bench: Witness lived about a qaarter-of-a-mile from complainant's place. Mr Howe addressed the Bench, contending that all tho witnesses for the prosecution had sworn falsehoods, and were therefore not to be believed. The Bench said the case had been proved, and bound defendant over in the sum of £10 to keep the peace for two months. 