OUR PERTH LETTER. Iforthi August 1; 1891. j>BOM OftOWN tJBBEBPONDKNT.] If, as is generally supposed id be thd fcdse, the prosperity of a country can b6 gdtiged by the proportion of newspapers ^hicli it possesses, Western Australia woiild seem to bo in a very pftJspercus and increasingly flourishing condition. Few countries can boast of a larger number of newspapers compared witli population than our own, while almost every month some new journal makes its bow before an enlightened and discriminating public. The establishment of a newspaper in the North- Western portion of the colony, as a proof of its prosperity, was unnecessary ; but it is a matter for wonder to the Southerners that so go-a-head a personage as a Nor'- Wester has managed to eiist so long without a newspaper, to preserve his interests. Well, anyhow, he's nappy now : he's got it, and upon this fact allow me to offer my congratulations to both readers and proprietor! of the Nob'-Wkst Times. May the newly-arisen star in the Northern firmament shine not only with brilliancy but with constancy, ana prove a bright contrast to those fitful flashes which have from time to time lit up our Southern sphere, now only haunted by the ghosts of " Bulletins," " 'Possums," " Sentinels," ot hoc genus omne. Seldom has a newspaper started its career under more favourable auspices than the Nob'-West Timbp. Not only iR the colony generally fairly afloat upon the tide of prosperity, created by the adTent of responsible government, a vigorous public works policy, and the development of our vast mineral deposits, but the Northern district in partidular is proving the greatness of its own resources —pastoral as well as mineral. But I am not writing your leading article, and consequently I must desist from blowing a trumpet which has not been allotted to my manipulation, and begin to chrenicle, for the edification of the readers of the Timesj some of the recent doings of the South; erners. ' V. It cannot be said that we hare been altogether dull of late as regards amusements of a lighter kind. Balls' have been frequent and concerts plentiful; amateur theatricals have not been altogether lacking, and occasionally a professional dramatic company has relieved the monotony, of our existence by visiting us and performing to well-filled houses and appreciative audiences. The last of these troupes is that known as the Stacey Comedy Company. This troupe is still amongst us, but it has hardly, in Perth at all events, met with the success which its merits deserve. While without doubt superior to its predecessor—the Taylor-Carrington Company—it has neveitheless failed to secure that amount of patronage which its predecessor obtained. This fact may be partly attributable to the increased prices charged by the Stacey Company ; but it is principally due, to use a deccriptivo Americanism, to " pure cusscdness " on the part of the Perth public. Everyone in Perth is anxiously looking forward to the approaching performanco of the Yeomen of the Guard by the Amateur Operatio Society. This joint woi;k of that inimitable dual control, Gilbert and Sullivan, is not as lively or as picturesque as most of those authors' works, but it ^ives more soope for real and genuine acting. The principal female characters are to be taken by Mrs. Gibbs, Miss Leake, and Miss Wigglesworth, while Messrs. Hart, Crook, ana Watson are the stars of the sterner sex. The lastnamed gentleman has it is rumoured, broken down. Should this prove to be the case, his part will probably be essayed by Captain Stuart, the aide-de- camp at Government House. Captain Stuart has a fairly good tenor voice, which is necessay for the part, while his recent appearance before a Perth audience in Cot and Box has won him a reputation as an actor of no mean order. Apart from tfcffse ephemeral joys of dramatic performance, &c.;, there is the perennial amusement of the great balloon ascension and parachute j uuip. The diversion is of a most speculative character. First there are the odds against the ascent —the day must neither be too hot nor too cold, top windy nor too calm, the canvas mustn't take fire, the roof of the flue mustn't fall in, and the balloon mustn't capsize before inflation. When one of these contingencies occurs, disappointment results; and as disappointment is only removed by " seeing a man about a dog," or looking after some oiher equally important business, the hotelkeepers in the proximity of the,spot chosen for the ascent do a roaring trade. Should, however, none of the many possible preliminary accidents happen, the balloon ascends. Then the question of odds Arises again. The aeronaut aoes not wish to be tree'd like a 'possum or tumble through a chimney on to someone's Sunday dinner, or to be immersed in the river. Consequently the parachute descent seldom takes place. When it does, however, the excitement is great as the breaking of an arm or leg is as likely as not to occur. Possibly some day a broken neck will be the result, and then some people will wish they had not countenanced these " ballunatic " performances Another way (as they say in the cookery book), to eUjoy a dangerous performance nowadays is to take part in a football match between Fremantle and one of the Perth teams, when the roughness of the play, combined with the free fights, will always ensure entertainment of an exciting; nature. If one is still more ambitious, and wishes to court sudden death, he has only to act as umpire, and it is his own fault if he is not pulled to pieces. Something approaching a good old scrimmage took place at the recent Lord Mayor's ball in Perth. After enjoying the most successful ball which Perth has ever seen, or is likely to see again for some time, about two hundred gentlemen repaired to a room lOft. x 8ft. to find their hats, shoes, um Brellas, coats, «fec.- All might have gone Well, had not some " enterprising burglar,' failing to find " " his own outfit, secured * that ' of some other individual. This necessi tated similar mistakes oit the part of other individuals. The re-stft may be better imagined than described. Suffice it to say that the ne*t morning it was nothing unusual to see a small man with a coat trailing on the ground and his head completely Eclipsed in a large hat, looking, for instance, fdr a popular burly resident magistrate with an overcoat which more closely resembled an Etori jacket, and a small hat perched jauntily On his biimp of benevolence, which It was scircely lirge enough to cdncedl. It is becoming obvious thdt either Perth society is growing too large of late, or the available accommodation is becoming too small for it. A musical party, held at Government House a few evenings ago, was another case in point, when standing room only was the order of tho evening. However, anyone who appreciates good music would willingly have stood for hours to hear such a musical treat as was then providod. All tho talents, in fact, were there—His Excellency, Mrs. Jameson, and Mr. Hensman amongst the instrumentalists and amongst the vocalists, Mrs. Gale, Mrs. Hirsch, Mrs. Forbes, Mrs. Clifton, Miss Wright, Mr, King, and last but licit least, Chief Justice Onslow. Apart from the performance from a musical point of view, it was quite refreshing to see all the late cliques once more harmonising together. Eteryone seems, for a time at all everits, to have btiried tho hatchet, arid social harmony at present reigns supreme. Mr. Onslow had an enthusiastic welcome on his return to the colony. He is at present staying at GoVehiment House, and it rumoured that ho will probably act as Administrator of the Government when Sir William Robinson takes his holiday, which he contemplates doing shortly. Sir Henry Wrcnfordsley, late Acting Chief Justice, has received the appointment of Chief Justice' of Barbaaoes—a billet worth £1500 per annum. I regret having to conclude my first letter to you with the sad news of a fatal accident which occurred last night on the Eastern Railway. The victim was a railway guara named Denis Guilfoyle. Full details are not yet to hand, but it appears that Guilfoyle was fastening the «lamps from the roof into the carriages, after the train had started from York for Bevefley, When he lost hia balance and fell m between the dafriages. Part of the train must have gone over the poor fellow's neck, for the head was severed from the body. Guilfoyle was very popular with the public, and I daresay many of your readers have, while in Perth, caught slj" of his gtfhiiil face and had experience of cheery disposition, 