Row a Good Ship was Lost. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship ' Mary Compton,' of Bristol, England, wn3 struggling with a fearful galo off the coast of Nortli America. The wind blew furiously, bnt the weather was clear, and tlio Captain expected ovory moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouso on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked tbo entrance to tlio harbour. Onco there, and they were sato'. hnre ot his position, lie sailed on confidently. Five minutes lator the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, wore saved. On reaching tbc shore they found a strange tliiug had happened. An enemy of tho light houso keeper hail bound liiin luind and foot aud extinguished tho light Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouso in the world. What shall bo said of tlio man who darkens it in the face of astorm-tossed spirit ? ?* Foit are beyond human aid.' Those words wore said by a physician to a woman who had como to consult liiin. Admitting that ho thought so, had ho tlio right to say so ? No ; for he might be wrong — aud in any case ho had no business to put out the light. This woman had beeu ill for some timo. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Hor heart palpitated, aud she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled ' and,' slio said, ' ail objects soetucd to go into a cloud.' She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. Slio broke out iu a sweat although cold as doath. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sloep. ' I could scarcely crawl about tlio house,' slio says, ' I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I wont to the Dispensary at Now Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me tho worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave it up in despair. ' I talked with three other physicians. Tho last one said, ' Foil are past human aid.' ' My heart sank within mo, for I had live littlo children, and my death would leave them without a mothor's lovo and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no ap petite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ! My mother came to see mc and did not know rae. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to etick in my throat. About this timo I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to Vomit at nino o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. ' At this timo I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I livo), had boen ourod by Mother Seigel's Curativo Syrup. So 1 son b to Mr. Jesson's, tlio Chemist, in Groat Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped tlio vomiting, nnd by ilogroos from day to day I folt bettor. soon l couiu eat a nry cruse, ana Dy too timo I had finished tho second bottlo I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back.' I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. ' I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup soouer, bnt my husband was out of work and wa had only a trifle ooining in from his club, bnt I thank God I did get it nt Inst, and it cured mo, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know tho facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry.' (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Strcot, York Ronil, Leeds. This wus a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected tho nervous system, A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wroug to wuit one hour for auy reason, after hnviug kuowu what Mother Seigei's Curative Syrup , bud flops for her friend Mrs. 'Wilson. 120s 