GRACIE PLAISTED. She Returns to San Francisco. ' After Nine Years in Australia. One evening in the year 1878 there appeared on the boards of the old California Theatre, Sau Francisco, a little girl, just fresh from the classical shades of Mills' College (writes a 'Frisco innrniLlY ' ; Her appearance in the company of veteran actors such as William Mestayev, Alice Har rison and Jenny Lee was regarded by the critics' as a venturesome act, but on her first niglit'sho showed such remarkable uptitude that much praiso was bestowed upon her. Miss Plai8tod being so very petite, fairly surprised her audiences, and many left the theatre at the close wondering how such a powerful and withal swcot voice .could be' Burton Hall company went on the road, and Miss I'laisted narrates with high glee how on her first trip the company was stranded in Colorado, and had to make the best of its way borne to California. When the Emilie Alolville opera company was or ganised in 1880 by C. E. Locke, Miss Plais- ted made her second bow to a Sau Francisco audience as Fiametta in tho opera of " Booaocio." With Locke she romaiued until 1882, leaving tho company on account of sickness in her family. She then went to Australia, remaining in tho colonies until ' 1837, playing leading parts in nearly all the "comic operas at Melbourne, Sydney, and ' other large cities. In these cities she mado quite a reputation, but a longing for mana- . gerial honors caused her to organise a com pany of 30 with a danseuBe. With this combination .she went to Butavia in I8S8, meeting with great success, tho stolid Dutch residents ;of Java evincing. tlioir approba tion of the performance of the -light operas by a hearty reception every evening. Singa pore, the Straits Settlements and Calcutta were visited, and in 1889 tho Gracio Plaisted Opera Company disbanded. The little prima donna then joined the Stanley Opera Troupe, travelling with'them through India. Again in 1890 a now company was formed by. Miss Plaisted, and a series of successes rewarded her endeavors at Hong- Kong and Shanghai. Tired of foreign .travel, she longed for a glimpse of California, and after an absence of nine years has returned to her native State. Mis3 Plaisted intends to procure a local engagement until next year, when she will go to New- York to- fulfil a contrucb at tho Casino. Those who remember her when she took the character of Fiametta iii 1880' will quickly recognise chat timo has made but little change iu her quick, nervous action, iu her attractive chic.. Speaking to a Chronicle reporter yester day, Miss Piuisted said: — "I've learned a deal since 1 left Sun Francisco. Just fancy; in China one night I played in Sonnambnla,' next night I took tho part of Lord Fauntli-roy — wo iiiade him 21 years old to suit my figure — another night I played ' MatlamB Angot,' and tho following performance I played in ' My Swecthoart.' So you seo with a travelling company in tiie urient ono lias to be very versatile. My voieo -has improved, and I think my acting, too, is better than when I left home. When one considers tho different pieces a travelling troupe has to prosent, it will be readily seen that tlio chances for learning are considerable. Opera, light and heavy;- musical comedy _ farces," ttntl light dramas aro in tho repertoire of tho combina tions visiting India and tlio East. About my 'managerial experiences I would say that in tho East tho 'ghost walks' very seldom. It is payday every Tuesday, whether tho company is on the road- or playing. Tho management pays not only salaries, but also hotel bills, and travelling expenses ; in fact, everything but washing. I think I shall not cuter the managerial field again." A dramatic and musical entertainment, promoted on behalf of tlio Tobacco Workers' Society, was given at tlio Royal Standard Theatre last night. Judging by the small patronage accorded the performance tho affair did not, we are sorry to say, seem anything like a success. 