CHAPTER V.—Eefhiiioss. Meanwhile, a new excitement bad arisen in St. Ural. A new lode hadbeen struct in the mine, witii much promise of tail, and as the company was eager to develop the vein with all possible iiagte, miners flocked in from all quarters, until the village was literally crowded out. In fact, .the later arrivals found it impossible to secure lodgings any where. . Tliii necessitated the erection of a number of wooden houses or cabins by Hue company, and within a mouth a meadow near the mine ha&4»eeu transformed iufco a small village, the centre of which was occupied by a large shed which served as common dining-room. hi the erection of this temporary village, little, if any regard had been paid to the laws of sanitation. In fact such trifling matters as drainage and ventilation had not been con sidered at all. In a few weeks the new - village was more crowded than the old. And yet strange to say John Silent's cot tage remained empty all the while. The landlord did his best to get a tenant for it; but without avail. The house iras haunted people said. Though when or how the rumour originated, no one knew. Yet-, as, the days passed on, frightful stories were circulated concerning the cottage, and people were heard to declare that they would not spend a night in it for a thousand pounds. Many of the new arrivals ridiculed the stories with high sounding words, yet, it was very noticeable none of them offered to rent the cottage, though houses were so scarce. Indeed, the place was shunned by old and young alike. Towards the middle of August the heat became oppressive, and continued so for several weeks. In their little wooden cabins, and crowded in their bunks, the miners lairly sweltered, and longed for a change in the weather. But the formers rejoiced, and lioped that the skies would remain unclouded until all the harvest, was gathered in. Then a whisper ran through the village of St. Ural that the ' plague' had broken out in the new settlement. A few hours later this was confirmed by a general exodus of men from the infected spot. A dozen men were striken down simul taneously, but the exact nature of the disease was not known. The one doctor in the neighborhood spoke of typhus fever, and urged sundry precautious. But the frightened villagers continued to speak of it as 'the plague,' and kept away from the place as far as possible. Meanwhile, the sufferers were in danger of being left to die uncared for. They were not natives of St. Ural. They had come from all the country round, in most instances leaving their families behind them. A few brave men and women volunteered their services as nurses, but very few. Life seemed a very pcecious thing to most people, if not for its own sake, yet for the sake of their families. Xow and then a woman came from far away to nurse her husband or son; but in most instances she did not nurse him long. The new comers seemed specially liable to attack, and generally succumbed to the fatal disease. Within a fortnight all the nurses had been stricken down, while half of those who were first attacked had died. At the end of three weeks not a woman was left alive in the place; and the half-dozen men who still clung to life were almost forsaken. At this juncture, Joe Bosevear resolved to go to the rescue. His plan was to take up his abode in John Silent's cottage ; and go to and fro between it and the stricken village, if necessary, a dozen times a day, but to spend no more time in the fever-haunted cabins than was abso lutely necessary. By this means he thought he might preserve his own health, and at the same time avoid carrying infection to other people. People wondered when they heard of his resolve, but no one dared to thwart him. In a few hours he had laid in provisions and fuel enough to last him a month. Then he closed the door without locking it, and went away to feteh his clothes. It was nearly dark when he returned, and on entering the room he started back almost in terror. Seated in the one chair the room contained was the motionless figure of a man. The face was toward the empty grate; but the outline of the figure was for all the world like that of John Silent. Joe was not superstitious, but he could not repress a little shudder that thrilled him even to the finger tips. For several seconds he stood stock still, looking at tlifc motionless figure; and, as his eyes grew accustomed to the di™ light, he became convinced that either John Silent himself was before liim, or bis ghost. The latter thought he dismissed as soon as it was formed. It must be the man himself. ' John Silent,' he said, advancing towards him, ' I am glad to see you again. When did you come ?* Slowly the figure unbent, then stood up, while a long-drawn sigh escaped his lips. ' I only came just now,' he said, while a wan smile lit up his pale face, ' but I am glad to see you, Joe, very glad.' This was such an unexpected greeting that Joe stared at him in surprise. ' Sit down on this block of wood, Joe,9 he went on, * and let me talk to you while I have the chance. you look surprised, and I don't wonder. But I couldn't fait before. I thought—but never mind. I know better now—and die is gone—and so I need not any longer keep silence.' T don't quite understand,' said Joe, coin ing near, and leaning against the mantel piece. 4 You won't sit down?' lie went on, as though not heeding Joe's remark. * Well, it doesn't matter, I can soon say all I have to say. I'm going down to the camp directly. But I thought I would like to look again at the old cottage! first./ I heard yesterday about the plague. I only reached Liverpool the day before, so you see I couldn't get sooner. They'll allow me to nurse theni I guess. And I shall be glad to do something useful before I die. I know I shall take the ferer, and I'm weak to start with—but what does it matter. Life has no interest for me.' I But why ?' Joe asked, suddenly. John lifted his keen eyes, and paused for several seconds. Then he went on again— 'Yes, Joe, it is right you should know. You've beeu a friend to me from my first coming here. I needn't begin at the begin ning ; I will start with two- and-a-half years ago, when I went to Trelenva. It is only a small place, and it doesn't grow, for most of the young men have gone to America and California. I don't, know why I went there, but I did, and what is more, I got work directly. ' Well, the second day after I got there, I saw Annie Dean, and I loved her froua the first. I can't tell you the why or wherefore, and perhaps you will think me foolish; but such is the fact. >She was very pretty and very dainty, with the sweetest lips you ever saw. I worshipped her long before I ever spoke to her. II soon saw that many of the other girls in the village did not like her. They were jealous of the admiration she got, said she was a flirt, and that she had played fast and loose with the affections of many a young man. 4 I had beeu several months in Trelenva before I spoke to her, and then our acquaint ance ripened rapidly. One of my comrades cautioned me. He said that she had loved one George Baines to distraction, but had quarrelled, with him, and he had gone abroad. ' She will never love you,' he said, ' so I would be cautious, if I were you.' ' I tried not to let this gossip v trouble me, yet somehow it rankled in my heart con stantly, and all the while I loved her to dis traction. Well, I told her of my love at length, and asked her to be my wife. Ah! me, how it all comes back. It seems now like a happy dream. The blissful walks down by the river's side, the quiet rambles over the downs, the loitering home from chapel after service. I forgot the gossip, and lived in Heaven. ' I took a cottage at length, and began to furnish it; and how proud she was, while her trust in me seemed perfect. Well, it is just twelve months ago since we got married. Her uncle gave her away, for her parents were dead and her brothers in America. For two months our happiness was unclouded. Then she seemed to get low spirited. And I, fool that I was, grew jealous. 1 did not take into account, that being so much alone was very trying. So instead of trying to cheer her, I moped and sulked. And once I taunted her with fretting for her old sweetheart. Oh, it was a cruel stab.' She looked at me just as a 'wounded deer might have done, but she did not speak. And I in my madness wrongly interpreted her silence. So time went on till we had been married six months. Then re turning unexpectedly one afternoon, I dis covered that she was not alone. ' A strange hat and stick on the back kitchen table aroused my suspicions. I had come in softly, so no one knew of my presence, and peeping into our little sitting room, I saw a strange man seated in my easy-chair with my wife upon his knee. Her arm was about his neck, and his arm about her waist. '' Oh, George, you darling,' I heard her say. ' How good of you to come,' and then she bent down and kissed him. * I did not stay to hear or see any more. I did not wish to make a scene. I felt as though my heart was broken. I wrote a few lines in pencil and left them on the table, saying I was going away and should never return again. \- ' So I came here as you remember. Came here with a broken heart, and with only one desire, and that was, that I might die. Well, I was here three months, when I unexpectedly met her uncle. It was a strange meeting, and in this very room. Hie told me that the man I saw with my wife was her own brother. 4 nil that finding she was forsaken by her husband, she had gone back, with him to Johnstown, Pennsylvania. You cannot ima gine how I felt. But that very day I tramped to Truro—for no one knew me at the station there—and caught the last train up. Well, I got to Johnstown at length, and began to make enquires about George Dean. I didn't find him. I found where he had lived, but he had gone away. ' Annie was dead, so I learned; so I didn't follow him. In the cemeteiy I found her grave, with a very simple stone at the head, and this inscription: IN" LOVIXG MEMORY OF AXXIE DEAST, Who Died Mat 24m 18—, AGED 23 YEARS, ' OfXIt THE DAY DAW3T A3TD THE SHADOWS FLEE AWAY.' ' You see, Joe,' aud bis roice broke a little while lie spoke, ' my name bad beeu dropped. I oughtn't to complain, however. Perhaps it was her wish to hare her maiden name upon her tomb. Ah! I was not worthy to be called her husband. So now I go to meet her when, the Lord will let me. We shall understand each other yonder, ' when the day shall dawn and the shadows flee away.'' He broke down at this aud began to cry; and, for awhile, his stifled sobs alone broke the sileuce of the room. '1 Give me your hand, comrade,' Joe said at length. ' I understand you now.' And, for several seconds, they elasped hands in silence.' Then Joe struck a light and began to get supper ready. . ' We will nurse the sick together,' he said cheerfully, ' and, who . knows, the Lord may bring us all through." John smiled feebly in reply, then rose to his feet, and began to assist in cooking the supper. 