TIE 'TURF. ENTRIBS are due to-day for the Northern Jockey Olub's races, which are to be hold next daturiay. The gates, booths, and other privileges in connection with the coming meeting of the Newcastle Jockey Club, will be sold by auction next Monday, at 12 o'clock. Mr. Griadale is the auctioneer. The Canterbury Park race meeting has been postnoned till next Wednesday. The Jester and Magistrate have been with drawn from the A.J.U. Derby. The Aberdeen race meeting will take place to-day. The imported horse Tregegle, who came to Australia in 1869, in company with Talk. o'-thoeHill, died a few days ago in South Australia. Bred by Lord Falmouth in 1865, Tregeagle was by Wild Dayroll from Silver hair, by Kingston from England's Bonury, by Birdcatchor, and was a good performer on the English turf. Among the horses aired by Tregrpgle may be mentioned Device, Spectre, Wattle, Unmlopogaaf, Ghost, Dela. mere, Symbol, &c.; Sydney Tattersall's Club will hold their Spring meeting at Randwick to- day. A grey goloine entered in the name of Skipper won the trottiog race at the Wodder burn Turf Club meeting on the 10th July last, but was subsequently disqualified on evidence being brought forward to prove to the satisfaction of the stewards that Skipper was identical with Fidget, a trotter brought over from New Zealand, and who has per formed at Eleternwiek Park. The stewards thereupon decided to disqualify the gelding and his owner, W. Ball, for two years. The club recently wrote to the committee of the Victorian Trotting Club, asking endorsement of the diequalifications. The committee of the Victorian Trotting Club met on Wednes day and decided to comply with the request, and also passed a resolution to the effect that in similar cases where fraud is proved, stewards should mete out no lighter punish ment than diequalification for life. Mr. N. R. D. Bohd, the secretary of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, who went home a few months ago for the benefit of his health, is very sick in London, and his medical advisers have forbiaden for the pre sent hie return to Australia. 