CURRENT TOPICS Own supplement to-day contains:-Our Defence Forces - Junior Cricket - Dra matic and Musical Notes-Brevities-A Snow Storm from Mount Washington Chudleigh Road Trust-Country Intelli. gence : Devonport, Detention River, Beaconsfield, Circular Head, Scottsdale, Latrobe, Ulverstone, Jerusalem-Letters to the Editor: What is to be done with our lilt, Ta-manian Politics, Lymington Church Propeoty, Marine and Harbour Imprivementu, The March of Progress Advertisements, etc. Cenoana E. Whitfeld and a jury of seven, of whom Mr J. J. Sheehan was fore man, held an inquiry yesterday at the Prince of Wales Hotel into the circum stances' attending the death of Michael Dillon, which occurred suddenly on Thurs day night. The eon of deceased, Joseph Dillon, stated that his father's age was G8 He had been suffering for some time from heavy colds, and had been complaining all the previous day of pains in his chest and arms. At about 5 o'clock he went to the Prince of Wales Hotel and drank a glass of brandy, taking a second glass later on in his own yard. Some time after this witness received a message from Swain's lodging- house, and on going there found his father lying on the floor apparently dead. Dr. I. W. Murphy, who was called in to see the deceased, stated that from the suddennesn of the death and the appear ance of the body generally he died from heart disease. Robert Smith, a fellow lodger of Dillon, said they were laughing and joking together in the kitchen of Mrs Swain's house on Thursday evening when suddenly the deceased, who was sitting on a stool, fell back, and exclaimed "Oh!" and upon being lifted up he gave two gasps and expired. 7 he jury returned a verdict in accordance with the doctor's testimony. Own Sheffield correspondent writes: "The second annual exhibition of the Sheffield Horticultural Society, held in the Roland Hall on Wednesday last, proved, as mentioned in my telegram, a great success. Last evening the hall was crowded to the doors, some 500 persons being present, and the total receipts amounted to .'14. The judges were-Pot plants, fruit, flowers, and vegetables, Messrs J. M'Lennan (Laun. ceston) and J. Watkinson (West Devon. port); grain and farm produce, Messrs John Henry and H. Murray, M.H.A.; butter, bread, and sundries, Messrs G. Eastman and J. Cato ; fancy work, Meedames S. J. Sutton (Launceston), J. York, Davies, and Spotswood." Our cor respondent has also forwarded us a prize list, but obvious clerical errors would render its publication of little service and regretted by the sender. Mesaos G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., and Jas. Steer, J.P., occupied the bench at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Wil liam Hibbs appeared on a charge of having failed to comply with a magisterial order to pay 10s per week for the support of his children. Defendant stated that he was unable to pay, and requested the bench to point a way out of the difficulty. Mr Water house advised him to take his children home, but Hibbs stated that he could not pay a woman to loek after them. He would however, consent to receive his wife-who was living apart from him-back again. Mr Waterhouse pointed out that the law did not empower him to order a woman to live with her husband; but he (Hibbs) might make an application, at seven days' notice, to have the order revoked or varied, if he could not pay the amount. He would adjourn the case till Saturday, 1st prox., to allow him to adopt that course. - Bridget Walsh pleaded guilty to striking Jessie Heffernan, but added that she had received great provocation. The bench decided to take evidence. The complainant stated that she was in the Caledonian Hotel on Friday night last with a girl namel LizzioWarren, when the defendant asked if the latter was going to take her part; she replied that she did not want to have a row; Heffer nan then struck her a sovere blow on the left eye. This evidence was corroborated by Jessie Warren and Geo. M'Colo, a labourer. The Bench inflicted a floe of leand costs.-Henry Smith did not appear to answer a charge of having refused to pay Alfred Williams a sum due for cab hire, and the case was heard en parte. Complainant stated that Smith had en gaged him on Thursday night last on the Brisbane-street cab-stands he drove him to Welsh's Hotel, Bathurst-street, and re ceived a shilling for that; defendant then asked him to wait,and afterwardshe drove him to other hotels, two other men having in the meantime joined Smith in the cab. At the River View Hotel he asked Smith for his fare, but he replied that he would not give it him while the other men were in the cab. This evi- dence being corroborated by another wit- ness, an order was made for defendant to pay 12s damages and costs, together with 7s witnesses' expenses. AT the Lilydale Police Court on Thurs- day, before Messre G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., and E. Kowarzik and F. T. White head, J'5.P., Frank J. Somerville pleaded guilty to having on Otis inst. used abusive and threatening language to Police Con- stable John Carr. A fine of 10s and costs was imposed. Sommerville was also fined A similar amount for having been drunk in his licended houne, the Railway Hotel, Lilydale. A number of persons were fined 5s and costs f:sr hiaving permitted their lihimals to stray. Twx popular St. Joseph's Band will per- ferd 'ip the Depot Ground, to-morrow afterndon, 'the concert commencing at 3 o'clock. THE following religious services are an- nounced for to-morrow :-ft. Andrew's Church, 11 a.m., Rev. H. Telfer; 7 p.m., Rev. J. Lyle. Mr Lyle will preach the second of a course of sermons upon "Infant Baptism." Memorial Church—Addresses at 11 a.m. and 7 p m.; Market-green at 3 p.m. Y.M.C.A.-3'15 p.m. Dr Maberly's third discourse on the" Holy vessels of the Tabernacle." The following arrangements are announced in connection with the various Wesleyan Churches of the Laun- ceston district: -Patterson-street, 11 a in., Rev. J. G. Millard; 7 p.m., lRe. E. A.Telfer. Margaret-street, 11 a.m., Rev. F. J. Nonce; 7 p.m., Mr Geo. Hills. Lawrence Vale, 11 a.m., Rev. F. Neale; 7.p.p., Rev. J. G. Millard. St. Leonardo, at 3 p.m., Mr Walk- late. Presbyterian Church, Evandale, Rev. Dr. Gibson, at 11 a.m. Launceston Taber- nacle-Paator A. J. Clarke delivers in the evening the second of his series of special addresses, the subject announced being "The Witch of Endor- A Ghost Story." " CINDhseLLA" was reproduced at the Academy of Music last evening by the Pantomime and Burlesque Company, and was to all appearances heartily enjoyed by all present. Miss Sophie Harris again dis- tinguished herself as the dashing Prince Poppetti, and Miss Amy Johns made an attractive Cinderella. Miss Bella Perman as the Fairy Queen was all that could be desired, and the aspiring Valet Dandini found an excellent exponent in Miss Fanny Montague. The corps de ballet, led by Miss Lilian Forbes, once more constituted a prominent feature of the performance. Mr James Wilkinson extracted a pleuitude of fun from the part Clorinds, and Mr Morton made the most cf the role of Thisbe. The Baron of Mr John Hesford was an evenly humourous portrayal, and Mr W. Perman was quite at home in the character of the ill-used page Buttoni. The scenery sas as usual the theme of general admiration. This afternoon "Cinderella" will be repeated for the last time, the occa- sion being a special matinee for the con- venience of scheols and families. In the evening the late H. J. Byron's entertain- ing burlesque of "' Lurline," or "The Nymph of the Surleyburg," will be pro- duced, and all who wish to enjoy a hearty laugh should not fail to see Mr Wilkin- son's grotesque impersonation of the Seneschal. LAsT evening the Municipal and Political Reform Association met in the Temperance Hall. Mr H. A. Do Silva occupying the chair. A disoussion took place as to whether it would be advisable or otherwise for the Association to give its support as a whole to one candidate alone out of the five announced for South Laun- ceston. The alternative of declining to come to any decision upon the matter was also suggested. A considerable amount of discussion ensued, and it was ultimately decided that the Association should sup- port Messrs Dugan and Macdonald. A letter from Dr. J. M'Call, M.H.A. for West Devon, in which he stated he was in favour of the protectionist tactics of the Associ- ation, also that he adopted the majority of their other planks, was read. IT was not generally known yesterday that an entertainment of a really enjoyable kind would take place in the evening at the Mechanics' Institute, or doubtless the attendance would have been a larger one. Lectures on historical subjects are regarded by many as exceedingly dry, and unless the lecturer is an orator of exceptional power the interest taken in them by the general public is not great. This fact may in some measure account for the very small attend- ance last evening to hear the Rev. E. A. Telfer discourse on "The boys of Derry." If, however, it had been thought that the lecture was to be merely the relation of a number of facts in connection with the re- markable seige of Derry, a very erroneous impression prevailed. Mr Teller is a lec- turer who thoroughly understands how to amuse while giving instruction. He pre- faced his discourse by remarking that there was a considerable lack of knowledge on the part of a great many persons of the principal events of history, and then pro- eteded to relate, in a quiet, conversational manner, the events which transpired during the lengthy struggle whick the inhabitants of Londonderry made against James the Second's army in 1689. The heroism of the famous apprentices who commenced thaconflict, the misery which the people suffered during the protracted seige, their wonderful bravery, and the exciting incidents which occurred within and without the city walls, were told with a pathos which made a deep impression upon the audience. The lecturer had the attention of his hearers fixed during the narrative, and the hearty bursts of laughter which followed his humorous anecdotes testified that they thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Lectures such as those de- livered by Mr Telfer are, from an educa. tional. point of view, well worth hearing, and they are, moreover, intensely amusing, for where there is a possibility of exciting laughter; he does not allow the opportunity to slip. Mr Telfer will conduct services at St. Andrew's Church to-morrow morning, and at the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church in the evening. On Monday even ing he will deliver his lecture on "John Knox" at the Mechanica' Institute, and on Wednesday evening he will discourso on "Crotchety Grumblers" in the Albert Hall, Beaconsfield. Wo note that Mr J. Sternberg, of the firm of M'Pherson, Sternberg and Co. Limited, Sandhurst, and brother to Mr S. Sternberg, of Latrobe, has been returned unopposed as a member of the Legislative Council of Victoria for the Northern Pro vince, Mr Robert Reid, ex-chairman of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, and Mr Wilder, stockbroker, Colline-street, Melbourne, retiring from the contest. One Melbourne cablegraphic news yes. torday announced the death ef a young man named Martin Allieson, foremau at Messes Poy, Gibson, and Co.'a, wholesale drapors of of Collingwood, through falling down a lift. The deceased, who was a nalive of South Australia, was brother to Mr Charles Aliloon, the well * known clavionot player of the St. Joeeph'o Band. UNDER date April 24 a Derby correspon- dent writes:-"Allow me to correct an error in your issue of 23rd inst. with regard to the poor fellow, Wim. Reece, who met with a serisus accident on Tuesday last. He was not working at the New Brothers' Home No. 1 claim, but at the Ringarooma Valley tin mine, as braceman, and was in the act of shoving a truck out when it was suddenly jerked back into the tumbler by the engine, jamming one leg and foot. It took eleven men to remove the truck." Upon enquiry at the Hospital we learn that Reece is progressing favourably. OUR Nile (Lymington) correspondent writes :—Our new State school is now nearly completed with the exception of a few outside extras, and the building itself reflects credit on the contractor, Mr A. G. Stokes. It would have boon finished some time since but that be has been kept a week and mere at a stretch without timber. He informs me that in about a fortnight or three weeks ib will ho taken ever by the Board, which will be a good thing for the children as the room now in use is very cold. - Quite a gloom has been cast over our little township by the death of a resident of long standing, Mr Herbert Lewis, who for over 20 years has carried on the boot trade, and will be greatly missed. He leaves a wife and large family.- Wheat sowinig has just started in ii few anstances, but as a rule the ground hes been too hard and dry. ALLt interested are reminded that the bicycle races under the auspices of the Northern Tasmanian Cycling Club are to take place on the Association Crioket Ground this afternoon. The pubilo, it is understood, will not be kept waiting be tween events, as a large unsmber (some 15) have to be worked off. : he 'Ilrst raco in to start at 2-15 p.m., and eyeliste are to macb at the rorner of Charles and Elizabeth street at 1'15 to proceed to the ground. A 'AaocEa at MOunt William, near Lancefield,Viotoria,was attacked on Satur day last by a savage hoar belonging to himself, receiving a nasty lacerated wound on the inside of the thigh, Though the necessary remedies were applied, gangrene sot in and developed so rapidly that he died on the following Monday nights -Ma Munre, the Victorian Premier, has inteolued the preso that ho has reason to believe Sir ~Ienry garkeO intends to post ponse the preseniation of the Anstralaslan Commonwealth Constitution Bill for 12 months. Mr Munro hopes to he able to arrange for the simsultaneous introdnst$on of the Bill ina !lcboria and New Soutk WE learn that the total receipts at the Westbury Horticultural Show amounted to £30, which, considering the bad season for vegetables, etc., is satisfactory and quite up to expectations. A Bruce auction took place at 9 p.m., at which Mr M. Mahoney presided to everyone's satisfac tion and amusement. The room was crowded during the evening. Tan readjustment of portfolios in the Victorian Ministry was not effected without causing disappointment to one of the members. Mr Frank Stuart, who had held a portfolio without salary, at once resigned on MrTurner being taken intothe Ministry, and the portfolio of Customs, upon which Mr Stuart had cast longing eyes, being I filled up. Soxe uncertainty exists as to whether Francis Montague Mansell, formerly aide-de-camp to the earl of Kintore, whoe was found dead and mangled on a railway I line near the Jolimont footbridge, did not commit suicide. On the body were found only Sd, a pipe, and a free railway pass to Adelaide. AT Trinity Church on Sunday next the collections at the morning and evening services will be in aid of the General Church Fund. Nearly all the country clergy receive a large proportion of their stipends from this fund. There has lately been a falling off in the receipts, and it is hoped there will be more liberal contribu tions. A nos zerxc story of fortune comes from Ballarat. Last week an advertisement au peered in the Age from Mr Cullmer, solici tor, of Chancery-lane, London, inquiring for the address or whereabouts of Henry Mottlee, as the sum of £17,000 was await ing payment to him by the Court of Chan cory. The man advertised for is, it seems, a resident of Ballarat, and he became aware of sie good luck in a somewhat singular manner. Mottler, who together with his wife and family occupy a small house on the Smythesdale-road, sent one of his children to a neighbour ing shop to purchase a tallow candle. The candle on being purchased was wrapped in a piece of the Age, which contained the "missing friends" adver tisements, and on the girl taking the candle home Mottles picked up the wrapper after it had been thrown on to the floor, and commenced to read it. It is almost needless to mention that be was surprised when he read that he had come into a fortune of £17,000. The bottle gatherer, it appears, was aware that his relatives in bygone times had money in Chancery, and that originally it came from one Hawkins, who died in 1791, exactly 100 years ago. The advertisewent mentions this fact, and a missing link in a certain chain of evi dence having been supplied, the £17,000 goes to Mottlee as the next of kin. The lucky man, who has been a resident of the colony for 17 years, has to apply person ally in London for the money before the 80th of next August. A WOMAN named Margaret Priest was arrested yesterday by Sub-Inspector Green andDetective-Sergt. Brannan upon acharge of stealing an ulster from the shop of Mr J. J. Sheehan. She will be brought up at the City Police Court to-day to answer to the charge. IN the House of Commons on March 10 Mr Piokersgill moved for a Select Com mittee to inquire into the growing pre valence of betting and gambling, and the amendments required is the present law. The Home Secretary said it would be im possible to confine each an inquiry to betting and gambling, and it could not fail to widen out to various Stock Ex change operations and other forms of gaming which brought ruin and disaster upon many. It would lead toan intolerable tyranny which the country would not en dure. The motion was negatived by 70 to 47. IT will doubtless prove satisfactory to members of the Auxiliary Force to learn that the Government have sanctioned the distribution of badges, to be issued to marksmen who have rendered themselves efficient. The badge will be in the form of a five-pointed star in white metal, to be worn on the left forearm, loin above the point of the cuff. It is also the intention of the military authorities to issue mus ketry badges to the marksmen for the annual course ended December 31, 1890 -to each marksman a "crossed rifles" badge, embroidered in silver; to the beot shot in each company a similar badge, sour. mounted with a erown,will be presented; to the best shot in the AuxiliaryForce a badge comprising a crown and star. These awards would have been presented prior to the date of the opening of the Easter en campment, but several of the country com panies were very dilatory in sending in their returns, consequently the various lists could not be compiled. Yasresuar afternoon, and again in the evening, the Autumn Chrysanthemum Show of the Northern Horticultural Society was continued in the Albert Hall, and the attendance of the public on both occasions was of a very satisfactory character. The different exhibits were again much admired. The judging appears to have given general satisfaction, as no protests were made. Prominence was given to photos of the late Mr William Holmes, general secretary of the National chrysanthemum Society of Great Britain, and his successor in office, Mr Richard Dean. The photos were in separate frames and placed on view on the tables, while a framed copy. of the address presented to Mrs W. I. Thrower by the parent society was also exhibited. During the evening Miss Frost gave an organ recital of a very high ordes ,pier playing being much appre ciated and the qualities of the instrument greatly admired. Owing toan error in the original marking of the official prize list by those charged with the duty, it was made to appear in our yesterday's i sno that the price awarded tor the best in curred chrycan themum bloom in lbh. show foil to Mrs 5'. I,. Johnston, and that for the blot Jupanese bloom to Mrs E. C. Diabam. Ass, matter of fact the reveroc was the cal', Dro Disbam carrying off the honours for the host incurved bloom, and Mr Johnston for the best Japanese. The error however was attributalble, not to the Dress, but to the official who had the marking of the price lhot. Wten sor r prescutatlve copied the list, the names were given as stated in our yesterday's esusu. A correction wss subse quently made, but the press representatives were not notified of the fact. siAd eae for in trutloop In h reieety, pre onler thesluspices ofth Lasecestos Techniusi A oeu meting will to held at Picket',, Chedlegh so Soiqrdey, Sit proximo, at 2 p.m., for the prposee oh couslderlsg she ed vlsabldenee of dividieg the pressest Obhidleleb the Mechanic.' Institutseon Wedeatday even. lag enet. A cEnriwoG of the TasmanIan Tetetoal Society pim.o saWenesday, 9he lass, e theupo of somisatlue trosteos to SUI vacasoles, the elestisn sf push trastees to take pisus an she 6th prodlms. Terenensare incited fec she esppiy if fie. wood fsr use st the Westhury Pollee Statlus, sad also fec lbs erection of a psilce station at Gisagarry, that they cs~e prpred to snoil cke bokenor pshrclesn, fee dromestis sad ether purposes. STa Anual Se meceMtin ncnetlesa t wish sebsoolroom so Wednoeday evening oral. TaxCaOmpbell Town Amstesr Dramatic Olb' potefermnanco has beco poalpesed until Blown~ rises snee more, Thils aftersooa a lengthy prsgrscmme must be got through. Roll op ts thIs grand spert all s 'elonk as in days sf olrr rthe best mediclne known is Sanders and Son's uncalyoll Eixtract. Test It. oasses and susldents of all kind,, Is they wounds, horns, sealdange, bruises, spralne, It Is lbs safest renisdy-no swelling, no lnflamma.. lion. Like sorprlsiag effects prodisoed to aesop, diphtheria, hesanhitie, Inflammation of the lungs, swellings, etc.; dlsrrhbma, 'ysentery, gloue;lpauronlssdhby his Molesty the Elsg of Itchy; crowned with medal and dIploma at InternatIonal ExhibItion, Amsterdam. Trust thosrue and Son and Hatton sod Laws. I Ito hiledd byr cemists and stersoreopers It is 9d and of esih may oestered ts rlbs ythce whlsk 