VAR10HA. [By thb Staff. I 7 Apropo« of the, alligator now on exhibition in Launceaton, a rather amujing story is told by and ex-New South VValea boundary rider, : of a mythical aligator, which some ye»rs ago, got into the papers' of that colony, and of South Australia. '? A flood,' the boundary rider says ' was comine down the Darling, and gradually tilling the ' back creeks and branches, and we had to be ' out every day ridiag about to see that none of the Sheap got surrounded -iud cut off by the ri3ing waters. Aud during this time thero. seamed to ba ; amongst the fellows, when they mastered at the station at uigiit, an insatiable thirst for seusaiiiouil inci dents, and a liberal supply fortlicocdingto satisfy the dem»rid: 1 nloao had no hair breadth escapes, or marvellous occurrences to relate,' and 1 felt that I was besoming unpopular in 'consequence Going out one morning I discovered that the river wns falling, and chat the back watura . and begun to recede ; leaving great grey patches of slimy looking, mud bdhiud etiem. No thing remarkable had ocourrdd, aud I re turned to the station rattier depressed by me hick oi incident oy wuica i seemed to be parsecuSed. -'W^ell, Jack, nnd how's thiuyy ubout the Tuillmwaika to-dty ?' asked one of my mates, as 1 way removing the saidle from my nag. Rivarguiugdown; aaw a young aligator.'ubouc tour feac long, e'rauUed in the croek, 1 rep!i-d; thd lie slipping from my ' toiigile without' iuteu tion, or premeditaHon; I'hiC night, at ssuppor, I was baseiged ' with questiona about my alligUfior, anij repiiiid to thiai all to th6,.beat of .my ability, yxpluining horv , . t.tie young raptila must hare buen wenk - from sickness, and no had got waahad down : from Quaeuoland on the flood waters.' A luw days after, 'however, to my great'snr^ prise, I saw in the Wilcanuia piper, a de- ' tailed iuccount of the straadiug. iu aureek1 ' upon'BilIilla'Btat'ou.''and the subseqaent' ''' eucapeora young alligator fVomQUeen'Mdhdj. ' s and later on, accouuta. appeared iu' the: .. Wentworth, paper ,'joi: the/. reptile pasBing, „ that place, havingm the mean time; grown from four, to 'fourtean faeC iu length. . And subsequently tho Bourka und Adelaide papers contained an account of the reptile's disappearance In the sea at Port Victor. IS happened many' years ago,' ponsively added the ox-boundary rider, as he drained1 ' his second pewter. . : The unexpected, wiiioh is always hap pening, brought about a rather' unpleasant Biate of things at a suburbou school-room eacertaimnent the other night. The lec turer had arrived and made all necessary arrangements, said arrange Jients involving. the purchase at a locjl st.re of a small quantity of alleged karoseab. In due time also the audience, a numerous and fashion able one, arrived and was seated ; the room I7AS darkened, and the performance, con sisting of the exhibition by means of the magic lantern of a series of col juial photo graphic viewd, and of descriptive remarks by eke lecturer, begin. Fur a cimo all wenc w-iU, although the via wb dbeaied to be dis appointingly dim, and a feuling of asphyxia tion b giin to porvude the audience. Still they tat on wich macvalloud iucreilibla tor titude, as view ,-fter vie w was placed be fore th- jm, and the lcCiurur, with indomit able paraevereanoe and evur thickening voice, waded through his aieasure of ex planatory talk, But when in one ever dorktining gloom, each member of that patient audience observed iliac his or her neighbor's face ueemed 10 be vanishing . uway infio infinite nothingness, a wave oi giiastly fear swept over the aiuing throng, Some deemod themselvus to be seized of a deadly sicknesn, others thought that their brains were giviug way,; whilst a, few thought that the end of ail Lungs was at hund, and all were intensely glad when the lecture was over.1 And: whan the ladies got home great was their as'ionishment and disgust to lind that as far us fuces where concerned they had become modern Cleo patras, whilst their escons had beau trans tormed into, latter day Othellos. The ex planation is very simple, the alleged kero sene supplied by the village storekeeper -— poBBibly of malice uturethought, or waggish intention— turned out, upon ex amination to be Venice turpentine *** Fears, we are told, are entertained for the safety of the Arch Duke John of Austria, who some time ago surrendered his im perial rank and princely dignities for sake of the woman he loved, a plebian gentlewo nan ; preferring the freedom of unfettered, manliness to the thraldom of regal tinsel. .The fears for theigood man's : safety — the term good man being used in its literal and nom conventional senBe — are fouuded'.partly' upon his present dis appearance and partly upon the appearance : of the ' White tady of r'Hajpsburg,' the wraith of the Royal House of Austria. And now the question arises as to whether the aforeTaijT '''wiite^IiSiy'' has not been guilty io£ ? a grave breach of 'decorum,' in Frightening aU'lhei'courtiflankies half-ont of their- wits : '? irfputting^ Borne newspaper proprietors, to expense for cablegrams 1 in connection .with' 'her' vagaries, ' and' im generally causing commotion and disturb ance.''' And all this for the harrassment of theipseudoi'Arch'Duke.'whoi only 'wants probably,' dead or alive, to be leftin peace ; be having ' already ? renounced i the pomps vanities and' bunkum of imperialism, in cluding in this: latter,1 the family ap'ectre.; The matter.'if it' be indeed* matter, is of euohian intangible character aa to present insuperable obstacles to ordinary courses of procedure, or the lady might be approached by a deputation' who should rt-quB8t hoc UV let the ex Duke alono; he having done her Ladyship no injury.; As it is; however, we can but ? wdit for what the futurd shall bring forth. ; ' ! '''',' ? ? ??? .,-'!l.':V^*» ?? ?;.';!'??? .And this , melancholy, , talk about ghosts, spirits,' and death, bring to mind a pathetic story which cbmB to us from Helsingf ore. i'youiig'sailor^loyed afair yourig\girl,' not aaih'o traditional sailor, iwhofiuda a fresh sweetheart in every port lores, but with 'all the strong'earnest1- passions,' etc. — for remainder 'of this, see ony ! yellow back. Wellv,vthey werS'.wed, 'and anon the'young wife' sickened and died, and 'her corpse, if possible more beautiful^ in death1 than in life.lwas lowered iuto'the'cold'dark 'grave. Nqw'comes the sequel.' The young sailor became a constant -visitor at' his ' wUo'h groW; bringing* with him a feather pillow in order that he might lie down and do bis weeping in 'comfo't, land')fourteen days after his wife's decease; the widower was found dead by the' grr.tre ofhui young wife'.' Thiswas at midwinter, and as everybody knows; the 'winter climate of Helsingfors is not adapted'to'.prblonged'iweBping vigils at uh'sh,eltored graves., The ? immediate cause of the young- sai!or'R death was doubtless exposure - to the intense' v cold ; but ' ho w much of that exposure was due to dementia and bow much to1 genuine grief, we shall never know. ? ' ??..???? ? ? ?;- . ?;,*-„ , ? ?' i: .But: yet again the talk of spirits, is not all ot gloom and solemnity. ' It has its cheering and' comforting,' us' well as' its doleful aspect's ; aiid, of this kind is the in formation :that ccmesi to us through the Some News— that the'' Queen's 'favorite whisky comes 'from the wellknown'Loch na'gar distillery; which is' on the 'Balmoral estate.' A most comforting' piece of ihteU licence this— looked -at from any point oF view. Nothing ghostly' about -spirits of this kind, anyhow, and so far the Hones of Guelph is1 well to windward of the House of Ilapeburg, which 'from the patriotic Biiton'o point of -viewHs'as' it should be We have, however, heard of a tooardent devotion to' the service 'of- this 'good spirit re'sulting'in the' production of legions of' infinitesimal devils, -but this, of course,' only 'in the' cise of :-those' devotees who love'l '«' the' gracious ? ' p'xbilirater — ''not wisrly, but too well.' Tben,'t0o;- '.he ; con venient i adjacency ? of ? the pat dis'illery— absolutely on itheiestateS' 'Truly, this little bit of domestic; intelligence, is; like ^ 'the. blessed .word .'Mesopotamia,' a most satis factory and gratifying item.' -? ??:????? C-i-' '??? -V-. ' --' «**ri -is ?? ??'!? ??-. ;?.. Speaking of ioyal ?p'erson^ges'briiigs' to mind 'the' 'statement no w j'goingjihejrbund^ oE;the papers about,! that, unique: specimen of 'daily journalism;- composed of 'extracts fronY' -air' the'' nnwspagera'^p'ublishe'd1 in Eiiro'pe, and limited 'to' a' 'daily circulation of one— that is, it' a single copy, read by a single.personage, con be said to be a circu lation— which is prepared for the use of the Emperor Francis . JbB'ph of Austria Hungary.' In' some 'respects it must be ex tremely, pleasant to be an. Emperor. In this matter of the daily paper, for instance, how 'gratifying to one's sense of self importance to feel that the whole concern — 'stock, lock, and barrel— has been run for one's self alone.' But then there are draw backs : these periodical assasinators, amongst other things,' are awkward. All things considered, we think we'd rather prefer not to be an Emperor. *** Uow are the mighty fallen. Look you now, here is the sacred seat of the ruler by divine right, of an Emperor, no less, Ac tually put up and offered for sale as though it were a common chattel. The throue of an Emperor knocked down for £74; and yet we hear of no mighty signs and portents of wrath and disturbance, and the round world goes about its business 'very much as if nothing had happened. Why, if this kind of thing goes on very much longer we shall boon begin to see crowns, sceptres, robes, stato chairs, chains, collars, and all the rest of the tomfoolery that goes to the bolstering up of majesty and the furnishing of slate ceremonial, treated with absolute disrespect as if worthy of no more consideration than any other form of obsolete lumber that has served its pur pose and is cast aside Verily, there is subject matter for sad reflection in this scandalous treatment of the Brazilian throne. ., ' , , . 