?í)t £>,_ime_ iftarnfiig föeraioJ WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1891. Mn. DIBBS modo a Ministerial statement in the Legislativo Assembly lost night. Ho stated that on Thursday the Government would ask for authority to issue Treasury Bills for the purpose of carrying on the obligations oast upon it ; and that it was intended to go into rcoess on tho 23rd instant, with the hopo of reassembling on tho 12th January. IT ia reported that desultory fighting has taken place with the native tribes in the neighbourhood of Gilgit. IT is foared that the falls of snow in the passes leading to the Pamir region will stop tho advance of the British expeditionary force which is pressing into that country and isolate it. THE object of tho British expedition is to forestall the Russian occupation of part of the territory. THE Chronicle announces that tho Hon. E. Stan- hope, Secretary for War, contemplates economising the military expenditure by reducing the cavalry by two regiments. The military advisers to the Government aro opposed to/ho contemplated, re- duction. THE French Minister at Sofia has boon with dravvu because tho Premier of Bulgaria has rofusod to permit a Fr nch journalist who had been expellod from that country to return. A HEVOLTJTKRÍ has broken out in Lao Paulo, a province of Brazil. Tho insurgents dopojMd the local officials. THE engine and four truoks of the Sydney mail train from Junee Junotion to Hay ran off the line near tho Narrandera railway station yesterday. The permanent way was tom up for a distance of 25 yards, and tho traflio was delayed for six hours. Mns. FLOJIEKOB BETHELL, the Australian student, has gained the Sainton-Dolby prue at the Royal Academy of Music, London. WITH tho exception of Jamaica, tho British West Indies aro about to conoludo arrangements for recipropity with the United States. THE Portsea (England) Building Society, with mortgages valued at £700,000, has suspended pay- ment. IT it believed that the Prince of Wales intends to make an allowance to the Cuke of Clarence of £20,000 a year, with a residence at St. James's Palaco, The marriage of the Duke with Princess Victoria of Teak will take place in Fobruary. lu the Divoroe Court yesterday, Mr. Justice Windeyer made absolute the decrees nisi granted in Juno lost in Lockhead v. Lockhead and Jowett v. Jowett. SERIOUS bush fires have occurred in the Riverina district, and extensive damage has been done. One Belcctor lost tho whole of his crop of 200 acres. MB. M. 0. DAVIES'B large timber station at Boranup, Western Australia, has been completely destroyed by fire. THE match between Lord Sheffield's team and 22 Bowral cricketers was begun yesterday. In the first innings the Englishmen mado 156 runs, and the local team lost twelve wickets for 49. AT the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions yesterday, John McDermott was sentenced to three years' penal servitude for abducting a girl under the age of 21 years. THE new post and telegraph office at Moss Vale was opened for business yesterday. THE ship Enterkin, which has been totally wrecked off Ramsgate, while on the voyage from Glasgow to Brisbane, was fully insured. The only person saved was a ship's apprentice, who was lashed to the rigging when rescued. AT the Water Police Court yesterday, William Percy Smairl was committed for trial on a charge of having embezzled £1011 7s 4d, the property of the Imperial Land, Building, and Deposit Com- pany. Bail was allowed in his own recognisance of £400, and two sureties of £200 each. THE Executive Council yesterday decided that Robert Williams, who murdered his wife at Nowra, and against whom sentence of death was recorded, shall be kept in prison, for the remainder of his life. THE sentence of death passed upon Carroll, the perpetrator of the Coogee outrage, has been com- muted to penal servitude for life. -»reply to » deputation yesterday, Mr.. Cope- land, tho Minister for Lands, promised to take the neoossary steps for proclaiming the country \ying between the Darling River and the Queensland Mordor a rabbit-info_tod aroa. THE Rev. Hardy Harwood, Congregational Minister of Sunderland, has been appointed to suo ooed Pr. Henry Allon as pastor of Union Chapel, Islington. ? . H.M.S. RAWD left yesterday on a cruise to the islands. The R.M.8. Parramatta arrived from London yesterday,' in the V. and O. Co.'s^ine, and the new Orient liner Ophir will bo due here on Monday next. A THOÜSAKD oases of influenza havo oooiirrect at .Norfolk/in the'.tTilted States. Mr. M'Kinley, the author of the M.'Kinlby tariff, >, one OÍ the snflerers. > 'TBB,npn, G..W. Cotton, rt .Addiuflcv *xtt¡}>* to Greater Mi ¡tain, advocate« the bursting up of largo landed estates in order to retain tho labourers ou tile soil. SIB Wiu___ Konraso», Governor of»Western Australia, will return to Perth in February. GEKEBAL Boom claims to havo oonvortod 10 Hahoinmodans and Buddhists in Ceylon. Tira death is announced of Mr. William Gorman Wills, the dramatist. YE8T__D"Y the Colonial Treasurer accepted the tendor of Mort'a Dook and Engineering Company for tho construction of a stool pilot steamer to ro plnco the Captain Cook. The contract prico is -19,989. YESTERDAY two moro tailoring firms oonocdod the demands of tho jonrnoymon tailors who aro on strike. THE Tailorcsses' Union has docided to onforoo tho recently drafted log at an early dato, and trouble is anticipated. A YOUNO man supposod to be James Quigloy, the Rockhampton loper, was arrested in Brisbane on Monday and isolated at the hospital. IT is stated that tho now Governor of New Zealand will probably be Sir Robert Hamilton, Govornor of Tasmania, or Sir.William Robinson, Governor of Western Australia. THE intercolonial oriokot match between the Sydney and Melbonrno Grammar Sohools was commenced in Molbourno yesterday. In their first innings the Melbourne boys scored 110 runs, and the visitors responded with 53. IN thoir second innings the Molbourne team showed a falling off in the sooring, and went out, leaving Sydney 126 rims to ranko up. When stumps wore drawn tho visitors in their second innings had scored five without the losa of a wicket. IN tho Legislativo Assembly yesterday Mr. Dibbs introduced the Diseased Animals and Cale of Meat Bill, and it was read the first tune. The Mortgages Act Amondment Bill and tho Early Closing Bill were read tho third timo, and tho debate on the financial statement was resumed. THE typhoid fever epidemio has again, broken out in Victoria. The returns for the fortnight show a sudden and alarming increase in the number of cases. Drama the recess the Postmaster-General in- tends to proparo a bill in favour of a penny postago system throughout the oolony. THE Customs receipts yostcrduy amounted to £12,661. The 10 per oent. ad valorem duty realised £2002, and the 15 per cent. £639. The Premior lias announced the inten- tions of the Government with respect to the course of public business. The session is not to close before Ohristmas, but the House is to take a short recess for the Christmas and New Year's holiday, and then is to reassemble to proceed with the work of the session, The Go- vernment proposal is to conclude the finan- cial debate if possible to-night. To- morrow it will move the suspension of the Standing Orders to provide tor the issue of Treasury bills to allow of the meeting of public obligations, 'after which Parliament Avili continue till the 23rd instant, when it will adjourn till January the 12th to plunge into or to continue the fiscal contest, whioli will for a long time to como prevent all chance of useful legislation. We havo from the first been careful to point out the danger ahead of the Government if it so over- loaded the session Avith work that it would become impossible to end it before Christmas. In the face of all the inconveniences and the confusion which must result, and of its OAVn protest against such a course, the Government now deoides to carry the session on into nest year, and »to call into existence all the irregularities and difficulties inseparable from this proceeding. Since it is adopted in full view of all its consequences, and by the direct choice of the Ministry, we must assume that this course is the one desired. What is quite clear is that an entirely different one was open to Minis- ters had they chosen to take it. The change of the fiscal policy of the country to protection might have been left over to next session, as it must after all be left over to next year, and the session proper to 1891 might have been closed be- fore Christmas had it been confined to practical and non-contentious business, in which all sides might have aided. This would have been in accordance with that Parliamentary procedure which the Pre- mier piofessod,so much to respect, and would have suited the requirements of the country. But it would not have suited the purposes of tho party. Theso are given supremacy in the counsels of the Government, and it is for tho furtherance of mere party ends that the orderly course of financial procedure, the only course which secures the control of Parliament over expendi- ture, is cast aside, and Parliament is, by one of the first decisions of the Government, plunged back in the chaos of confusion, the disorder of belated sessions and monthly supply bills, from which it was one of the greatest servioes of the late Ministry to have rescued it. If at a time when the prospect of Parliamentary procedure is rendered so gloomy 'by this needless, wanton, and calamitous decision we could devote attention to any matters but those of first importance, we might refer to the cruelty of prolonging the work of Parlia- ment, and of all those whose labours are consequent upon it, during the hot season without more than a morely nominal recess. This is a great hardship to many, but com- pared with the serious sacrifice of so many important public interests to the mere ends of party, it becomes of relative insignifi- cance. The Government, it is necessary to observe, , virtually committed itself to this evil course from the first. It was in fact, as was pointed out at the time, involved in the Premier's manifesto. It is in no way forced upon the Government by unforeseen occurrences, but was a matter of deliberate determination, even though the document which showed that it was so affected to deprecate and protest against it. We have seen before to what an injurious train of consequences this method of prooeduro commits those responsible for it. 'The common complaint against our Legislature is that it proceeds so slowly with its work; but now and again the report of a night's proceedings in the 4_qembly tends to reconcile us to our fat-\ and even to create a feeling of gratitude for the existence of cause., of delay. It is-,,said that in the United States there is real rejoicing when the sessions ,of ,some of the State Legislatures como to a 'dope. During ,tho sessions no one knows what may happen. When tho representatives disperse a, sense of security is restored, and men breathe freely once more. It is not difficult to understand this when we remember that there is no respon- sible Ministry, the head of which is charged with the leadership of the House, and when wo notice Avhat may be done in our, own Assembly on a private members' night, when the Government is disposed to forego '¿^"responsibility and to wjn£ at the wildest íe»__*-ibn, rather thans-ienate the support of« -ingle member in the House. In the i-"'U- f " ".' early part of this session there were some noteworthy illustrations of this system of procedure), and now under a new Ministry u similar exhibition is soon. On Monday the Law Practitioners Bill passed the second reading, and went through committee almost without interruption. Tlie Attorney-General said a few words against it ns a crude measure, the tendency of which would bo to do harm rather than good. But this faint protest was apparently considered sufficient, no stand was mado in the interests of the public, aud the bill was allowed to go through tho stages already mentioned, with no effective discussion, in a thin Houso. This matter is one as to which any Government should havo chosen its attitude and preserved it. The Attornoy Geneial, unless ho spoko simply for him- self, oxprossed in behalf of the Govern- ment an unfavourable opinion upon tho matter, and yet the bill was allowod to go through without any real effort to stop its course. It was described as a step in the direction of "liberalising" the legal pro- fession ; and npparontly,it is only necessary to labol a bill with the niystio word to scare away any effective resistance to it, what- ever its character may bo. Another bill was introduced to amend or dispose of tho Masters and Servants Act. In this caso it was stated that the bill had the support of the Govern- ment, but that tho Government had in hand a more comprehensive mensuro, and, on the understanding that the Government undertook to carry this measure through, the introducer of the other bill undertook to do no moro than carry it through committee. As it hap Î>oned, the bill went beyond the order of r eave, and had to bo withdrawn. But for that, tho bill would probably havo been rattled through committee, and it would not have been surprising if in some way or other the understanding had boon mis- understood, and the moasure, with all its imporfeotion and orudity, had been allowed to go on to another stago. But the bill which gave character to the evening's proceedings was the Exrly Closing Bill, which was carried with only a show of discussion through the second reading and committee. This is apparently one of the labelled measures, and therefore to bo accepted with all its faults as an aot of worship to tho label. The Premier said, " tho Government could have no objection to a bill which was in- tended to ameliorate tho condition of the, workers," ond apparently a similar view was taken all round the House, for only Mr. CBIÖK and Mr. COPELAND ventured to object to one of its tyrannical provisions. The bill was described by the introducer as not intended to interfere with the liberties of the subject, but it involvos extensivo and cruel interference. The amendment which was suggested by Mr. CBIOK, and moved by Mr. COPELAND, would have saved the Legislature from the charge of breaking llies upon a wheel. It would have exempted the small shops kept by feeble men or helpless women earning a precarious subsistence by thoir own unassisted labour; but tho amendment was resisted as affecting a vital point in the bill, and was rejectod without a division. "What eau be the character of a measure the vitality of which depends upon the appli- cation of the screw to a class of people entitled to sympathy and consideration? It is difficult to follow the Assembly in its varying humours. At one time it is seen insisting upon the extension of the franchise to tho broken-down inmates of charitable asylums who in the nature of the case aro utterly dependent. At another time it seizes upon these poor shopkeepers who in their age or weakness are strug- gling to earn an independent subsistence, and forces them to givo up a portion of thoir narrow incomos, although the only ground of justification for the moasure is to be found in the long hours in largo establishments whero many workpeople and assistants are employed. The next step presumably will bo to regu- late the business of the apple-stalls " to ameliorate the condition of the workers." Tho 2nd section of the Bill provides for the appointment of inspectors-an enlarge- ment, by the way, of our minor unproductive expenditure. Section 3 defines the powers of these officers, and it is so remarkable a sample of legislation that we must quote it in full to give a just idea of its extent and effect : Every inspector shall, for the purposes of this Act, have power to do all or any of the following things, that is to say :-1. To enter, inspeot, and examine at all reasonable tunes, by day or night, any shop, or any building, portion of a building, room, or other place whioh he may reasonably sup- pose to bo a shop, and ovory part thereof, when he Lus reasonable cause to believe that any porson is employed therein. 2. To take inquiries of and examine, oither alone or in the presence of any other person, as ho may think fit, with reference to matters under this Aot, any person or persons whom ho muy find in any shop, or whom he has reason to believe to be or to huvo been within the preceding two months employed in any shop, and to require such person to answer all such inquiries, and to sign a declaration of the matters concerning which he is so examined. 3. And to exorcise such other powers as may bo necessary for carrying this Act into effect. Now, when we consider how much is here made to depend upon the discretion of these inspectors, whose powers are to be exercised at " reasonable times " by day or night, and on the basis of " reasonable " suppositions and "reasonable" oauses of belief, we may well ask what manner of men these Grand Inquisitors should be ? No one's place of business would be pro- tected against them. No city man could sleep in peace in his suburban home without being haunted by the fear that his warehouse or office would bo entered in his absence by some inspector in search of a shop, and perhaps with a keen eye for un considered trifles. What is to be thought of a Legislature that is willing to pass off- hand a monstrous clause like this, under the assuranoe that no interference with the liberty of tho subject is intended? If the liberties of the subject are not interfered with his rights are swept away. " The Englishman's home is his castle," but under these provisions it would be a castle with open doors, through | whioh these Government officials, armed with what would be a perpetual search warrant, would have a right of entry at their own discretion. The power of examination given under the 2nd division of the clause is an outrage upon liberty and common sense. Iii the view of tho Colonial Secretary I " it is a great city that matters of this kind cannot be adjudicated between the em< ployers and employees without resort to legislation." To us it seems a greater pity that, after all the struggles of the past in defence of the liberties and rights of the individual against the tyrannical inter- ference of arbitrary power, we should see tho popular branch of a colonial Legislature setting its 'prentice hand to work like this, and passing a law whioh would cither be contemptible in its impracticability, or a, gross violation of the most ordinary civil rights. The views of Sir CHABLES LILLEY, Chief «Tustico of Queensland, on the political destiny of these colonies are well known. In his interview with a representative of the Pall Mall '.GasâtU, as told us by cable,, he has merely done what optic» of Australie.!» affairs are aocustomed frequently to do, given us a reflex of his own mental state, when ho says that " the Australian colonies aro republican in principle and foeling." He also says that beforo many years the colo nios will become independent. It is unprofitable to discuss such subjective im prossions, moro particularly when enter- tained by mon of exceptional and soine Avhat extromo views. Such opinions aro no doubt held by somo as well as the Chief Justice of Queensland, and aro a fit subject for academical discussion rather than coming within the sphere of the practical politics with which the minds of colonists aro more immediately concerned. But ho raises a question which touches us moro nearly when, in speaking of federation, ho says that the Common- wealth Bill was a fit instrument to cripple the independence of Australia. Perhaps fuller dotails may toll us moro explicitly what ho meant by such a statement ; but he apparently moans that federation, of which the bill in question is but the vehicle, would either lessen the powers which the colonies exercise at prosont in the conduct of their own affairs, or make them loss capable of independent action in relation to tho Imporial Government. If the former, it may be admitted that in a sense the oharge is true, as it is true in every case of partnership, or even of mar- riage, that the power of the individual is limited by the union ; but the aggregate of the united power is cer- tainly in no way necessarily curtailed. On the contrary, in this, as in similar cases, union is strength. Federation will be simply' the grouping together of the colo- nies under thoir existing conditions, with some modification of the form in which their powers may be put forth, but certainly with no modification of the powers them- selves. As for the federation of the colonies tending to lower the independence of their status or attitude in respect of the Imperial Government, this is directly in opposition to the enlightened convictions of all those who are the advocates of federation. Thoy have soen that it is the isolation of the colonies that has been the principal cause of friction, owing to thoir inability to present such a united expression of their will with such a moral loree as would command recognition. And there can hardly bo grounds for doubt to any rational mind that the doference which would naturally be given to the voice of United Australia on any given question, would tend to strengthen and draw more closely together those very bonds of union between the mother State and the colonies, which ?in his political Avisions Sir CHARLES LILLEY sees rudely ruptured in the brief vista of a few years to come. Tho endeavour to make the electoral rolls on agency for raising the morals of the people is tasking the efforts of the legislators of Victoria. The Purification of Bolls Bill is apparently part of the reaction against the levelling tendencies of the "one man one vote" movement. The Premier has admitted that one of its objects is to show that the Government has no sympathy with vagabonds ; and Opposition as well as Ministerialists vied with -one another in sympathy with the Îirinoiple of the bill by sitting up to day ight iu order to complete at once its passage through Committee. Such zoal and unanimity appo. r to show another of those singular waves of feeling to which our neighbours are subject in thoir legislation ; for, excellent though the motive be, it is an odd thing for an electoral measure to take oharge of the morals of the people, discriminating "between man and man, and defining his rights of citizenship on grounds of his moral character. A man that beats his wife is to lose his citizenship for a year, or if he steals to the extent of being awarded three months imprisonment in the aggregate, he ÍB deprived of his elec- toral rights for three years ; while the man who is shown to have been an habitual drunkard within one year preceding, or an idle and disorderly person, or an incorrigible rogue, or a rogue and a vagabond within the meaning of the Police Offences Act, ÍB excluded 'from the franchise. It would be difficult oertainly for anyone to stand up and say that persons of this character are de- serving of having thoir voices heard in the making of laws for society. At the same time the limitation of the rights of oitizen ship is a powor that should bo assumed with considerable caution. If these offences are deserving of being visited with disfranchisement, it would be difficult to say that other offences against morality or justice, or social order, are not. It might be said that either the category of moral causes of disfranchisement should have been more extended, or it should not have existed at all. The principle of dis- franchisement thus introduced is capable of being made an engine of considerable oppression ; and there are those who would not hesitate to advocate, if they had the opportunity, ( its extension to include the offence of selling or even partaking of alcoholic drink. The Victorian Parlia- ment is under a little spasm of propriety, and is not very logical in its action. Tn_ Legislative Council will meet to-day. The Government business consists of the third reading of the Government Railways (Contracte) Amend- ment Bill, the second reading of the Electoral Reform Bill, and the consideration in committee of the Medical Bill. Mr. Stephen has given notice of his intontion to move,-" That the City of New- castle Gas and Coke -'Company, Limited, whose potition to this Houso was received on the 9th instant, bo hoard by counsel at the bar of this House in support of the prayer of the said petition. " The orders of tho day aro as follow :-Reduction of Cost of Litigation Bill, second reading ; St. John's College Relieving and Enabling Bill (as amended in scleot committeo), second reading; Partnership Bill, third reading ; Employers Lia- bility Act Amendment Bill, second reading; Balaolava Tramway Bill (as amended in seleot oommitteo), sooond reading ; Casino Sohool of Arts Enabling Bill, third reading; Petty Sessions Jurisdiction Extension Bill, third reading ; Aus- tralian -aslight Company Electric Lighting and Supply Bill, third reading ; Yongaleatha Marble, Flag, and flux Company's Bil), third reading ; Sunk Nets Bill, third reading; Legal Praoti tionors "Bill (No. 2), to be further considered in committee ; Borough of Newcastle Elootrio Light- ing Bill, seoond reading ; Municipalities Aot of 1867 Amendment Bill, to bo further considered in committee ; Municipalities Aot of 1867 Amend- ment Bill (Assembly Bill), to be further considered in committoe ; Parliamentary Business Bill, second reading ; Arbitration Bill, to be farther considered in oommitteo ; Land Company of Australasia Railway Bill, to be further oonsiderod in oom [ raittce. His Exoellenoy the Governor presided over the woekly meeting of the Exooutive Council," bold at li o'olook yosterday. Mr. Giles, P.M. of Parra- matta, was appointed a deputy-stipendiary magis- trate for the metropolitan district during the leave of absence granted to -Mr. Johnson, S.M. Two death sentences were also under consideration. The first W9S the ouse of Robert Williams, agaipBt whom the sentence of death was recorded on the direotion of Àoting- Judgo Murray, at the reoent Criminal Court Sittinga. Williams, an old man, it will bo remembered, was found gnilty of having murdered his wife at Nowra. The Executive decided to keep Williams in prison during tho remainder of hi« life. The other oaw considered waa that of Carroll, the perpetrator of the Coogee outrage. Tho death sen- tence was commuted to penal servitude for lifo, with hard labour. SOON niter the weetiug of the AwmWy ys»*or day Mr. Alfred Allen succeeded in getting the third rj-diag «if Ida Early Closing Bill through as a formal matter, and this curious instance of ultra democratic legislation-is now ready for the criticism of_ the Legislative Council. Members cheered faintly when the third reading was accomplished and then tho House began to look into the question of diseased meat. The leader of the Government brought in the long-promised bill intended to prevent the trnffio in diseased animals, and to prohibit the sale of meat unfit for human food. Tho necessity for á measure oi this kind has long been apparent, and the rocont disclosures with regard, to the sale of cancerous animals led the late Government to take it up. The bill was prepared somo time ago, but the change of Government and tho congested stato ef publio business has prevented its introduction by tho prosont Ministry at an earlier date. Tho House was practically-unanimous about the measure, and readily granted the Premier permission lo introduce it. Tho finnnoial debate, which has been delayed for some time owing to tlio motion of censuro, was resumed by Mr. Inglis, who carno forward as a " consistent freetrader." Ho commenoed strongly by alluding to tho " stupid, incoherent, and hotch- potch policy foisted on tho country by tho Gorcrn- i mont." Ho denounced protection in its every form, and blamed the Government for having, in its efforts to induce prosperity, taxed the wage earners, the poor "widows and orphnns," and having loft tho lands and wealth of tho rich mau untouched. The protectionist labour end laughed soornfully at all this, and chaffed Mr. Inglis un- mercifully, much amuscmont being derived from certain mystical allusions to Billy tea, and other variotioa of this innoouous beverage. Br taking the tea trade, with which he is familiar, as an example, Mr. Inglis showed con- clusively that the weight of tho new protective duties must fall on the consumer. If the duty fell on thoproduoer, then, asked Mr. Inglis pertinently, where would bo the sense of sacrificing £126,000 by removing the tax on tea ? Mr. Inglis next went on to arguo that tea could be grown well in this colony, and therefore, if tho Government was sincere in ils desire to proteot native industries, tho duty should have been retained. Ait if the Government was determined to remove the duties, he pleaded at least, for three months' further dolay, so that tho small dealers might have time to get rid of their stocks without loss. Tho member for Now England went on until dinnor time, advocating, amida running fire of interjeotion, a froetradopolicy and a tai upon land. Even the adjournment did not stop him, for he turned up quito fresh after the meal, and produced more convincing froetrado arguments lrom his well-stocked budget. Ho protested against tho proposal to hamper trade by the ereotion of unnecessary " barriers," and tit the sound of the familiar war-cry Mr. Kelly lifted up his head and expressed mute approval, agree- ing for onoo with the member for New England, However, Mr. Inglis steered oloar of the Circular Quay and ita ornamental obstructions, and proceeded to quote several instanocs of the injurious effoot of tho now tariffi. Several largo warehouses, ho »aid, engaged in the ro-export trade would have to des« up altogether, or else to reduce their establish. menta very largely. Mr. Seo wanted to know the names of those establishments; but Mr. Inglis declined to expose tho firms in publio, though he offered to do so in private. Tna contrast between the two representatives chosen by the New England constituency was never more forcibly illustrated than last night, when Mr. Copeland followed his c'olleaguo, Mr. Inglis. The latter was light and amusing in his treatment of tho subject, even if ho did not pró- vido much matter for subsequent reflection. Tho former treated the question in his usual solid, sub- stantial style, but looted tho faculty of enter- taining discourse. In defending tho protective tariff, ho Bpoko of Mr. lnglis's address as the speech of a " political bagman," and accused him of having given himself a ohoap advertisement. After wandering away into tho realms of protection for a while, Mr. Copeland turned his attention to Mr. Reid. Ho attacked this member from every peint of view, critioised his management of the Publio Instruction Department, and quoted from the " Statistical Register ' ' to show that the leader of the Opposition need never rofer to retrenchment after his own Ministerial career. Mr, Boid threatened to expose the sophistry of this line of argument, and accused Mr. Copeland of quoting in snob a way as to mislead. This led to trouble, and Mr. Copeland having suggested that Mr. Reid should como outside and hear u little plain English, tho Chairman had to interfere and use his authority to restore order. Going tack once moro te protection, a subject from which he can never keep away very long, Mr. Copeland treated a thin House to a long dissertation on the benefits of a restrictive policy. The leader of tho Opposition replied in a mild explanatory kind of way, and showed that tho increased expendituro on tho Publio Instruction Department during the your 1883 was due to causes over which he, as Minister, had no control. The Act of 1880 provided that all aid to denominational eohools should cease at the end of 1882, and thus a largo number of new schools had to bo built, 250 fresh teachers engaged, and other heavy expenses incurred, all of which wero ohargod against 1883. THIS lod to another little lively soone botween Mr. Reid and Mr. Copeland, and tho two spoke to each other as plainly as Parliamentary language would allow. They differed largely on questions of faot, and Mr. Reid declared that some timo ago he had explained the mutter to Mr. Copeland, when tho latter remarked, " Oh, never mind, it will be good enough to attack you upon." In self defence Mr. Reid felt compelled to enter into a long ' explanation of his administration of the Instruction Department ; but as tho whole thing degenerated into a porsonal squabble with Mr. Copeland, the House listenod somewhat impatiently. Tho tone of the Assembly livened up at once when Sir Henry Parkes rose, and, speak- ing from his usual seat on the cross beaches, declared his intention of giving tho utmost resist- ance in his power to the proposals of tho Govern- ment. He deprecated the introduction, at this stage, of the " cursed thing, ' ' protection. The Government, ho thought, should havo left it alone, and pono on with the proper business of the country. Alter this brief reference to the politics of tho day, Sir Henry entered into an argument upon the abstract question of protection v. freetrade, demonstrating, as ho has often done the incontestable superiority of the latter policy. He quoted numerous authorities, dwelt on the historical anti corn law movement in England, eulogised Cobden and Bright, and spoke of Sir Robort Peel as one of the ablest men who ever swayed the des- tinies of England. Tho protectionist bencho«, on the whole, listened patieutly and respeotf ully to all this ; but, perhaps because Sir Henry spoke with less than his usual fire and energy, his remarla aroused no enthusiasm on his own side of the House. Or it may be that tho Opposition members, having not yet forgiven the ex-Promior's attack on Mr. Reid, adopted this means to express thoir dis- approval of it. THE spoeoh throughout was extremoly moderate in tone, and in conclusion Sir Henry assured tho House that he would be no party to useless obstruc- tion, and would not, as far as ho was personally oonoernod, sanction any repetition of what was done when the Jennings-Dibbs tariff was placed before Parliament. He would simply oppose the enaotmont of these duties on avery suitable occa- sion, and if they wero oarried would do his utmost to aeouro thoir repeal. Mr. Barton followed in an equally moderate tono, and by way of showing the excollent argu- ments whioh could bo brought forward m favour of protection, quoted from a speech made by Sir Henry many years ago. Ho did this, as he oarefully explained, not with the view of casting any reflootion on the late Premier's political sin- cerity, but simply to afford an example of the ex- cellent and terse language in whioh such a «peech could be oouohed. Sir Honry oheerfully aooepted this explanation, and only said, "I admit it is a bettor epoooh than any gentleman opposite oqula make." Tho House laughed, and tlion Mr. Barton went on to quote from the speech of 3» years ago. Tho protectionists soemod to relish this oxoursion into anoiont history, but the laughter booame general when Sir Honry characterised the «peech as a foolish ono. Altar this Mr. Barloa dovotod a good deal of timo to bringing forward arguments counter to thoso used by Sir Henry. Ho maintained that the fiscal question had boen aotively in the minds of the electors at the last general elootion. Therefore thoro was no neces- sity for any further appoal to tho country befara Parliament dooided on tho method by which I further revenue should bB raised. He con oludod by adopting a novel line of i argument, urging that a protectionist polioy was most likely to bring about federauon. Ho believed that the adoption of our Ciutomi tariff would load to a strong desire for federation on tba part of tho other colonies, and in a "* year«, when our own industries had boon budtup by the tariff, this colony would bo plaoed on a tare! with the other colonies, and all barriers might, without injustioo, bo struck down. Tho people of the oolony would then be ready to federate, and thus the protectionist polioy would hasten ratter than ret-rd federation. I- moving tho adjournment of tha House, the ywmier briefly ^Uhjed t*p m*xu«r te »»»» W» Government intend to-cal with üicubuainess of iho_ eounlxyduringthoshortrcmnantofsossionnowavail *Ue. Tho fiuauoial debate would, ho hoped, bo' finished on tho morrow, and then on Thursday tho OoTcrmnent proposed to ask Parliament to autho- rise tho issue of Treasury bills to moot the obliga- ' tiona cast on tho Government by its predecessors. Mr. Dibbs, in accordance with the now general pro- tectionist manner, spoko in a most lugubrious tono of the state of our finances. Monoy must bo found, ho said, and as tho condition of tho London monoy market prohibited floating a loan, Treasury bills would be issued at short dates. Theso bills, Mr. Dibbs was assured, conld readily be flontcd at a moderato interest in London. Tho liabilities on the loan Aocount for next your woro, ho stated, 44,000,000, and monoy must bo provided to carry on theso works, to wliioh the Government waa pledged. As to the actual business of the House, the Ministry had at last recognised the utter impos- sibility of getting all the work through before the end of the year. It is thoreforo intended to adjourn on the 28rd instant for the Christmas recess, which vfjll la«' until tho 12th January. Tho leader of the Opposition mot tho Premier in a friendly «piiit, and dcolarod that ho would not allow party feeling to interféra when tho credit of tho colony was concerned ; and then tho Houso adjourned. QUESTIONS wero answered in tho Logislativo Aseombly last night having referenoe to the ostato of the late Mr. David Berry, of Coolangatta. Tho amount of probato duty paid was £G1,450 15s, and the value of the ostato was £1,289,195. Another query elicited an announcement from Mr. Cope- land, who said :-It has been represented that Sir. John Hay, the owner of the Berry Estate, is will- ing to afford necessary access to the proclaimed road across his property for the convenicnos of (ettie« on Comerong Island, and tho district sur- veyor has been requested to cnuso a survoyor to fcupeot tho locality and to report as to the real wants of the public in the matter, and to ascertain faun Mr. Hay what road accommodation ho is prepared to grant. Tsi hill for'prohibiting the solo or exposure for ade of diseased animals, and for amending tho law relating to the sale or exposure for salo of meat which is diseased, or unsound, or unwhole- some, or unfit for tho food of man, introduced to the Assembly last night hy tho Premier, contains 11 clauses. In the bill, "animal" includes every animal of a kind oommonly used for food, and " diseased animal " means any animal affected with tuberculosis, anthrax, antinomycoais, or oanoer, or with any other disenso which tho Governor, by notification in the Gatatte, ?hall havo declared to bo a disease within the meaning of the Ant. The penalty on selling or exposing for sole diseased animals, is «et forth as not to exceed £20 per animal, and to pay any expenses incurred in the inspection, leiiure, and disposition of suoh diseased animal, or, in the discretion of tho Court, to pay either the penalty or the expenses, and the payment of suoh expenses may be enforced in like manner as the payment of a ponalty. Any person who offers for aale, or who has in his possession or under his control for sole, any diseased animal, shall bo deemed to bo a person who exposes such animal for aale. Incroasod penalties muy bo enforced in certain cases, and provision is mudo for the inspec- tion of animals and meat, for a court of law to order the destruction of unsound meat, or'to con- demn meat without seizure. A £5 ponalty is luggestod for hindranco of any duly authorised officer from inspecting meut. A search warrant may be granted by any justice of the peace, and due provision is made for summary jurisdiction and appeal. YiBiEEOA^Mr. John Seo, tho Colonial Treasurer, accepted the tendor of Mort's Dock and Engineer- ing Company for the construction of a steel pilot steamer, to replace the Captain Cook. Tho speci- fied 'dimensions of the now boat aro:-Length, 159ft. ; beam, 25ft. ; and depth, 15ft. The .engines will be of the triplo-exponsion order, of 600 indicated horse-power. The guaranteed speed ia 12 knots per hour. Tho oontraot prioo is £19,989. ME. T. M. SLATTERY laid on tho tablo of the Assembly last night a copy of tho Examinor of Publio AVorks proposals report on the proposed . railway or tramway communications to tho Field of Mars Common. Mr. Stanley Alexandor gives a comploto history of tho origin and progress of the suggestion to constrnctsuch a railway or tram- way, and then makes tho following recommenda- tions .-j-First, tho immediate construction of a suburban line ooross the Parramatta River to some point on tho high ground at Gladesville suitable for a station for service of the surrounding country ; and Bocondly, ho advises tho resumption and reserve of sufficient land for a railway line travers- ing the Common and connecting with the Eastwood «ration. Such wns nearly the same line as sur- veyed in 1889. A terminus nt Gladesville would, while amply fulfilling tho conditions of the ealo of (ho Common land, bo in a situa- tion to oommirad all tho passenger traffic Hid much of tho goods and produce from tho whole aroa to bo served, except from tho parts lerved by tho rivor, tho trafilo on whioh would bo «carcely affeotod, and ho behoved that tho reserva- tion of a course for a railway line through the Coamon would havo such an effect upon tho value of tlie uusold land thereon as to render its sale ad- visable as soon as tho service of trains to Glades- ville oommenoes. He did not recommend tho completion of tho loop from Gladesville to Ryde .taticn, as he considered the only object to bo piped thereby is some economy in working a eiroular service, having the same starting point and terminus-a saving which would bo very dearly obtained at an oxpondituro of norn £30,000 to £40,000. BEH-YC-O to questions asked by Mr. J. H. Young last night, tho Postmastor- Genoral said he had authorised the reduction of postago charges betwoen certain towns in tho Camden electorate to Id per letter. No request for a similar concession had been rocoived from towns similarly situated as to distance from oaoh other in varions part« of the colony. Any applications from localities similarly ntuated to thoso in the noirhcrn and southern d_triots to which tho Id postnge was about to be eitendod wouldrocoivo duo consideration. It may be mentioned that this course of action is no new departure by the Postal Department. Tho penny postage system was extended to tho Newcastle dis- trict some years ago, and, in all extensions of the .Jitem, the Postmaster-General of the day is empowered by executive authority to grant the reduction, providing tho oircumstanocs war- rant tho adoption of the lower rato, application was mado somo months ago for tia use of the penny poetago system in the districts of Moss Vale, Mittagong, and Bowral, and this ÍB lie aection of the Camden electorate to which tho concession has been granted. If the present Government remains in office it is the intention of the Postmaster-Gonoral during the recess to pré- paie a bill in favour of universal penny postage throughout Now Soath Wales. Tho othor reforms referred to by Mr. Kidd at Cumden somo wocks ago aro in a forward stato, but ho entertains no hopo of their boing brought into oporation during the ctmront session of Parliament. SEVEKAI, days ago Mr. Kidd, tho Postmaatcr Qeueral, received a communication from tho Queensland authorities notifying that on and after the let January of next year postago rates will bo charged by that colony for the carriage of news- papers. AA'ithout dolay Mr. Kidd asked if news- paper» from Now South Walos to Queensland would bo compelled to carry postage. A reply has boon received to the oifeot that tho Queensland Government will insist on all newspapers boing .tamped by the sonder. Personally, tho Post naster-General of New South Wales prefers that no change shall take placo; but tho publio is requested to noto that the alteration will como into effect on tho date named. MB. OÀUBUTHUHS gave nntioo in the Assembly hut-night that he will to-day move for leave to bràg in a bill to alter the constitution and mode of »roointmont of tho Parliamentary Standing Oora auttee on Publio Works ; to abolish tho payment M fees to members of Parliament appointed to wah committees ; and for these and other pur- pose« to amond tho Publio Works Aot of 1888 and tha Publio AVorks (Comraittoes' Remuneration) Aot of 1889. To-Honnow Mr. Loos will ask the Colonial Treasurer :-Is it a fact that certain pamphlets »ere printed at tho Govornmont Printing Offlco containing speeches delivered by tho Han. John «*, Mr. Bruce Smith, and the Hon. E. Barton P H so, by whoso authority ? What waa the number * printed f What amount has been paid for suoh Work, and by whom? Havo all citizens the right » havo work dono for thom at tho name office, and °n similar terms P ? XÄTEHDAY afternoon a cauous of Government "apportera waa hold in -tho Exeoutivo Counoil th&mbor;, at wliioh Mr. Dibbs presided. Thoro was W attendance of between 40 and 60 gentlomon, in- cluding several members of tho late labour party who voted vfith the Govornmont on Friday niqrn «'g. The Premitr presided, and the deoision arrived at is said to have been unanimously in "»Tour of supporting the Government in whatever »one it may be'deemed polit io "to take. At , lajoupuneat Utah last night the freaqlejr panouncpd .the intention of tho Government, and that is given in _ detail elsewhere. Mr. G. H. Reid, tholeader of the Opposition, presided over a caucus of hisfollowcrs in tho Opposition rooirt yesterday afternoon. His party decided to do its duty, which, accord- ing to its head, is to resist by all legitimate means the fiscal proposals of tho Government. To - 1 day the erstwhile representatives of labour will meet to discuss tho situation. At 10 a.m. the 17 who voted with Mr. Reid will meot in the roora on the right-hand side of the Legislative Assembly chuinbcr, and an hour later thone who voted with tho Government will ossemblo in the back library of Parliament House. _ EiTEiiDAY morning a representative deputation, including Mr. Sawers, Mr. Watt, _Ir. Maohattio, ?Mr. Fetherstonhaugh, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Free- man waited upon Mr. Copeland, the Minister for Lands, with tho request that the country lying between tho Darling River and the Queensland border may bo proclaimed a riibbit-infetted area. Mr. Copeland, in reply, said that, after fully con- sidering tho question, important ¡is it was in all its phases, he would take the steps nocesenry to comply with the requost made. Ho was not in favour of any largo expenditure, but still the Government would bo glad to do all possiblo to prevont the spread of the rabbit post in tho distriot brought under hiB notice. THE Attorney-General, the Hon. E. Barton, has consented to bo nominated for the vacanoy on the Sonate of the Sydney University caused by the death of Sir William Macleay. A SOMEWHAT peculiar action was tried in the No. 1 Jury Court yesterday. The pltintiff, Lewis Cohen, who gave his ago as 81 years, sued the Registrar- General to recover compensation for the loss of an allotment of land at Burwood. It appeared that by a grant dated the 27th May, 1799, 25 acres of land at Burwood wero given to William Faithful, who four years later sold the estate to Robert Campbell. In March, 1842, the plaintiff bought from Campbell the allotment in question, situated at tho corner of Braco and Wallace streets, Burwood, and lie remained in possession until 1882\. Some time about that year a man named Bernard Austaldt, unknown to the plaintiff, brought tho land under the provisions of the Real Property Act, obtained a certificate of title, and subsequently sold the land to Robert Hudson, of Hudson Brothers. AuBtaldt being now in Ger-1 many, and therefore out of the jurisdiction of the Court, could not bo sued, nor could the plaintiff proceed against Hudson, who was a bona-fide pur- chaser for value, and he sought under the 117th scotiou of tho Real Proporty Act to recover com- pensation from the guarantee fund of the Registrar-General. The Crown defended the notion for the purpose of compelling the plaintiff to establish his title, and this having been done, a verdict by consent was given for £800. THE only other matter of interest in the No. I Court was an action brought by Milne Brothers, coppersmiths and brassfounders, against James M'Mahon, theatrical agont and manager, ,to re- cover the sum of £78 18M, being the balanoo of account for a number of gunmetal castings or links which wero ordered in connection with the mechanical contrivance in tho drama " The County Fair," recently produced at Her Majesty's Theatre, in whioh a horse race was represented, the animals apparently going at full speed. The defendant sots up a broach of contract on the part of the plumtills and cross action owing te loss by such breach. The case was not concluded. MB. JUBTIOE WIKDEYEB dealt with several matters in Divorce Chambers yesterday, and in court he made absolute the decrees nisi granted in Juno last in Lockhcad v. Lockhead and Jowett v. Jowett, and declared tho marriage» dissolved ac- cordingly. Tas last casos on the list before the present Court of Quarter Sessions were disposed of yester- day. Thoy were of a minor ohoractor. Appeals against magistrates' orders and decisions will be heard to-day. A OASS of unusual ooourrenoe was heard in tho Summons Division of the Central Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Whittingdalo Johnson, 8.M. Frederick Davis proceeded against Solomon Goul ston for wilful and unlawful detention of oertain documents-to wit, four testimonióla aa to character. It appeared from the evidence of the partios that some time ago tho complainant applied to the defend- ant for employment and forwarded tho roferenoes in question. Tho complainant was engaged, and it was mutually agreed that if he remained in the employ of the defendant for three months his fore from Sydnoy, whioh amounted to 9a 3d, would be paid. The complainant, however, loft the employ of the defendant a few days previous to the expiration of tho three months, and tho defendant ordered that as the complainant bad not paid the faro ho had a right to detain the testimonials. The complainant stated that defendant had had an opportunity of deducting the fare from his earnings, j The magistrate ordered the testimonials to bo delivered to the complainant. TUE caso against tho three men charged with burglary and robbery in the establishment of Miss Rebecca Abrahams, carrying on business as ii tobac- conist at 660 Georgo-atreet, was commenced at the Central Folico Court yesterday. Detective Roche deposed to tho arrest of Wyatt, who carried on business na a tobacconist in Castlereagh-stroet, and stated that he found upon the premises a largo number of cigars, whioh hod boon identified as portion of the stolen property. The mana gor of Miss Abrahama's establishment (Mrs. Simmons) doposod to leaving the shop securely fas- tened on the night previous to the robbery, and upon going to business in the morning found the shop had been ransaoked and property to the extent of £100 stolen. The police produced a chisel found at aooused Jones's lodgings, and it waa stated that it corresponded with tho marks on tho door of tho establishment. Evidence waa given by a person who saw the accused drive away in a cab with a sack evidently containing boxes. The furthor hearing of the caso was postponed until to-day. TnK last jiighta of "The Mikado " aro billed at tho Criterion Theatre, whoro Williamson's Juvenile Opera Company is at present giving a spirited rendering of the opera, with all the added attraction that "luxurious staging and a good orchestra can give the tuneful work. On Saturday, tho juveniles will produce " The Pirates of Pon ranoo," when Mr. Tom Pollard, whose labours with tho clever children he keeps in hand so well are almost incessant, will introduce Miss Clark a« Ruth -her first appearance upon any stago. Miss Lillie Everett will make her debut in Sydney as Frederick, Miss Mitchell will sing Mabel, and Master Stephens will havo fresh opportunity of distinction aa the " modern Major-General." AT Her Majesty's Theatre the last night« of Derriok's olever farcical comedy aro announced by tho management. A largo audience witnessed tho performance last evening, and the scene in whioh the distracted Mortimer Mumpleford helps himself to fresh (r) water from the flower-vase and then wipes his mouth with the silk stocking was received with soroams of laughter. Mr. Georgo Rignold plays hero with a convincing air of uncon- sciousness whioh vastly increases tho humour of tho situation. Miss Kate Bishop's winsome ingenue manner is another source of attraction in " Confusion," whioh will be played for the last time on Saturday. The theatre will be closod on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next for the botter rehearsal of tho pantomime to be produced on Thursday. Christmas night will bo tho oocasion of a grand saorod concert. AT the Garrick Theatre tho Cogill Brothers keep thoir audiences well amused with thoir olever eocentrio danocs, and Mr. Horace Bent delivers his astronomical lecture with the gravity of a saeant and a sly humour that ia all his own. There are same oapital songs in the first part, and amongst other features are the neat danoes con- tributed by tho sisters Anderson apd tho brothers Maher. A it-BiOAi festival was given in the Pitt-street Congregational Church last night by the united ohoirs of Balmain, Point Piper-road, Petersham, and Pitt- streot churches. These choirs formed a strong and effective chorus, and the précision and bright vocal quality of the ensemble, under Mr. George AValkor's direction, showed that careful rehearsal had preceded the festival of last evening. In particular, the highest praise must be awarded tho ohorus for ita rendering of the " Hallelujah " from Beethoven's " Mount of Olivos." The Bplondid introduction to the choral part was played with singular breadth and spirit by the organist (Mr. E. J. Massey) ; the vocal entry was oriap and pointed, and after the fugueol portion had boen strongly renderod, the piano lead» for the various voice« were very finely worked up to a crescendo, whioh reached ita climax in iho majestic outburst upon the word "Hallelujah.'' Twioe this fine effect waa per- fectly attained, and tho choral phrqiea to " Praise the Lord" in every oaee showed ready ottaok, though the progress of tho richly harmonious organ - part gave but little cue to the singoni. In every respect the singing was first-rate, and it need scarcely be said that snob familiar choruses aa " Bo not Afraid " and " Ho Watching Over" (Elijah), with ";And the Glory '* and " Hallelujah" (Maasiah),' presented *p' 488 otüti«s to the .well- twined e>ori«teif. Hit. Wheeler, one of the prinoipals, was absent through illness, and Miss Goulding, whoso clear voico and Unaffected stylo produco much tho effect generally associated with tho singing of tho boy-sopranos in the English oathedials, accordingly contributed "But Thou didst not Leave" to the programme Mr. G.- Brown sang "The Star of Bethlehem," Mr. L. Solomon was at his best in " Ora Pro Nobis," and Miss Giluhrist gained hearty applauso for " Tho Lost Chord." A COKOEBT was given by Miss Sheridan Reed, assisted by soiuo of her pupils and Miss Nellie Davis, Mr. Smedley, and Mr. R. B. Hartley, in aid of St. John's, Snails Bay, in the schoolroom. During the interval Mr. Beattie, on behalf of tho late confirmees, presontod tho incum- bent, the Rev. W. A. Charlton, with a splendid roferenco Bible. IN St. Benedict's Hall, Gcorge-atreot West, last evening, Mr. W. P. Crick, M.L.A., dolivered a lcoturo entitled " A BloodleBs Revolution." The chair was occupied by Mr. W. H. Traill, M.L.A., and amongst those who occupied seats upon the platform wero Messrs. E. W. O'sullivan and H. Ö. Iloylo, Ms.L.A., Aldermen J. D. Young and Thomas, T)r. O'Brien, of St. John's College, and Father F. Tiraoney. , Tho attendance numbered ovor COO persons. Tho lecturer stated that tho power of government had of recent years passed from the few to the many, and wars had been rendered almost impossi- bilities because the peoplo had the power to prevent thom. Ho referred to tho sectarian spirit, which ho stated Sir Henry Parkes had excited in past years at Kiama, but that ghost was now so dead that it would not rise again. Mr. G. H. Reid was, he alleged, endeavouring to adopt the same means to get into power. The enlightened peoplo of Now South Wales, however, would not allow that question to be resuscitated. Sir William Macleay and other noted men of tho past had set thom excoUent examples in putting aside sectarianism in their political lives, and in re- fusing to allow the passions of the multitudo te | become exoited. THE Parramatta Distriot Liedertafel held a promenade concert in the Rosehill Racecourse pavilion on Monday evening. Thoro was a fairly largo attendance. The Liedortafol, under the baton of Mr. A. Massey, sang a numbor of ¡toms ; and the orchestra also contributed greatly to the suocess of the evening. Miss Edward Deane sang " To SoviUp, " and "Lo, Hear tho Gentle Lark," the latter with flute obligate by Mr. J. Lemmone. Mr. Lemmone contributed two flute solos, "Carnival do Venico" and "Scotch Airs" (Lemmone). Herr Pcchotsoh was successful in two violin solos. Mr. W. H. LitUoband, who has a nice tenor voice, sang "Did'stThou but Know" and " Come into the Garden, Maud." Mr. E. J.. Massey acted as accompanist. TESTEEDAT afternoon a literature lecture was given by Mrs. Arthur Edwards in the School of Arts. The Elizabethan poets Phineas and Giles Fletcher, Beaumont' and Fletcher, Sir Honry Wotton, and Ben Jonson were illustrated by read- ings from their poems. AH instructive and amusing leoturo on "Phrenology, Psychology, and Psyohomotry" was delivered last evening by Mr. M'Loan, in con- nection with tho Centenary Hall Young Men's Club, in the Centenary Hall, York-street. About 150 persons wero present. The chair was occupied by Mr. Blackshaw. The leoturor dealt with the subjcot in an interesting manner, and illustrated his remarks by charts, casts, and personal examples. I» oonneotion with the close of the Technical School year, some of the pupils of the Nowtown shorthand class made a presentation to thoir teacher, Mr. H. C. Coxa, on Monday evening. Mr. J. Garliok, who made the presentation, expressed the satisfaction of himself and others of the class in regard to the successful manner in which Mr. Coxe had conducted their shorthand studies during the past yoar. Tho presentation was acknowledged in suitable terms. A WEEK ago wo published a cablegram stating that Mr. Diokson's offer in connection with the Antarotio Expedition lapses at tho end of December, and that the Tunes declared that tho movement had been sadly mismanaged, and that tho colonies occupied a ridiculous position in tho matter. Wo have received a communication from the hon. secretary of the Swedish- Australasian Antarotio Expedition, who Btates that Bomo misap- prehension exists in England relative to this matter. Instead of tho expedition being in danger of being abandoned, every pre- paration is being made to fit it out at the earliest possible moment. The sum of £3000 is needed to "complete Australia's £10,000, and subscriptions towards the amount are coming in. THE monthly meeting of the Board of tho Hospital for Siokr Children was hold on Monday afternoon. There wero presents-Mr." Justico Stephen, Lady Martin, Lady Allon, Mesdames Fraser, Dock, Munco, Mort, Littlejohn, Kent, M. H. Stophon, Richardson, W. R. Campbell, Leo Lord, O. Griffiths, Miss Stephen, Dr. Huxtablo, Messrs. 0. Griffiths and H. C. Kent. Apologies for unavoidable absence wero received from Mrs. Garran and Mrs. Belieario. The house oommitteo's report for November stated that during the month thoro had boen admitted 16, discharged 25, deaths 4, and that there wero remaining in hospital 32 ; also that 9 operations had boon performed. Tho house surgeon's report gave details of the oases, and stated that of the 4 deathB 2 had been from diphtheria, 1 from pneumonia, and 1 from tuber- culosis meningitis. The expenditure for the month had been £199 15s 4d, and the recoipte from patients' payments £52 2s. Numerous gifts in kind i were reported. During tho month a sub-commit tco, i consisting of Mrs. Griffiths, Mrs. Garran, and Mrs. I Munee, had been carofully seeing into the wholo of the nursing arrangements. Several of tho staff had been incapacitated through influenza, and tho house committee desired to record its appreciation of the manner in which tho matron and her diminished Btaff had carried on tho work of tho hospital. Favourable roporta wero rocoived from the lady visitors for the month. Tho visitors ap- pointed for December'wero Mrs. Fraser, Mrs. W. i R. Campbell, and Mr». Kent. The bon. treasuror , presented his monthly statement of accounts. In j connection with the recent largo donation from ' Miss Hyland's pupils at Randwick, their nomina- tion of Miss G. E. Hyland as a benefaotor was, on the motion of the hon. sec., seconded by Mrs. Littlejohn, unanimously carried. The hon. seo. reported tío receipt of a choquo from Mrs. F. L. i Barker, who had again this year held another sale of work at her own residence for the funds of tho hospital. The arrangement» for the annual general meeting of benefactors and subscribers wero dismissed, and it -was unanimously resolved to ask Messrs. W. G. Whiting and T. Pratt to again kindly aot as auditors. THE monthly meeting of tho board of the Now South Wales Institution for tho Deaf and Dumb and tho Blind was held in tho institution, Now town-road, on Monday afternoon. Thero woro present-Tho Hon. Dr. Renwiok, M.L.O. (proBÍ dont), Mr.F.R.Robinson, J.P. (vice-president),Mr. Robert Hills (bon. troasuror), Mr. Ellis Robinson (hon. seorotary), Mr. J. H. Goodlet, J.P., Mr. F. Phillips, Mr. Robert Chadwick, Mr. George Ken- wick, J.P., and Mr. S. Watson (superintendent). Accounts and salaries amounting to £364 18s 2d on tho gonoral fund account and £816 on tho build- ing fund aopount wqro passed for payment. The receipts, since tho previous mooting amounted to £117 14s 8d. The sura of £85 13s, income from tho legacy of the late William Spittles, was appor- tioned among the blind pupils in accordance with tho terms of the testator's will, and tho sum of £20 was voted for prizes for tho doaf. Tondors for supplies, &o.;, for tho year 1892 were submitted, and tho following were aooepted :-Austen Davis, meat ; O. J. Christie, groceries ; William White, "broad; E. E. Banes, coal and wood; William Phillips and Sons, hay, potatoos, bran, and pol- lard ; J. P. Wright and Co., boots ; J. Roberts, tuning pianos ; and Roberta Brothers, venetian blinds. A report was received from Mrs. Wiokon, teachor of cookery, expressing her satisfaction at the behaviour, attention, and progress of tho pupils in her class, and stating that two or throo of the girls if properly trained wero capable of becoming very good oooka. A report was also received from Mr. Novillo G. Barnet, F.O.O., in roferenco to tho progresa of the blind children with their special musió lesson«. He wrote in very cucouraging terms of the advance they had mado, and oxplainod in detail the method of teaching which ho had adopted. It waa deoidod that the lessons should be continued. Two applications for admission yrere sanctioned. A jaorrnro of the executive committoo of tho National Association of Now South Wales was held in tho offices of the association, 34 Jamieson street, Sydney, on Monday evening. Reports wore reooivod from distriot organisers to tho ofleot that distriot committees havo been formed at Yass, Katoomba, and Cooma, and that arrangements were almott completed for tho establishment of committees at Bathurst, Mudgee, Grafton, Parra- inait«, Burrowa, Gunnedah, and other country eentrM at whioh tho movement 4s being warmly token np. A letter signed by a. number of Belcotors nnd farmers in tho Parkes district was read to »ho effect that, because tho association was" opposed ty the objects of the "varions organised gunga of socialists," thoy would givo it thoir hearty support. District organisers generally re- ported also that farmers nnd selectors throughout the colony «re joining tho association. Tim annual .meeting of tho Cumberland Con- vention, I.O.G.T., was hold on Monday nicht in the Contcnary-achool-oom, Parramatta, uftcr wliioh a public mooting wa» hold, at whioh Bro. W. Ti. Smith, who presided, dolivercd an address, in which ho referred to tho steady progress being mudo in tho causo of tempcrunco, and ho speoially commended tho efforts mado to secure prohibition of th«) drink traffic. Bros. W. L. Dash, R.W.G.C, Rov. J. Butler and the Rov. J. W. Inglis, V.D., also delivered addresses. A programme of musical items was gone through during the ovoning. THE ladies' committee of tho Soflioty for tho Prevention of Cruelty to Children in.it yeiterdny afternoon. There wore present Mrs. M. H. Stephou (in tho chair), Mrs. G. Ferguson, ,Miss Harris, Mrs. M. Thompson, aud Mrs. W. .H. Simpson, together with tho hon. director (Mr. Q. E. Ardill). Tho report of tho Crfcoho or Day Nursery, l8 Macquario-streot South, showed that ' 104 children had been recoived during last week, j boing an average of 17 daily. Satisfaction was expressed at tho successful working of tho crccho. I Tho report of tho general work of the society in tho praveiition of tho nog-loot of children was sub- mitted. A largo nuHiDer of casca had beon re- porté- to the Bociety during tho past month. Tho financial statement showed a deficit of about £60 in the funds. Correspondence was road' from tho Rov. B. Wangh, hon. director National Booiety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, London,' appointing thovdireotor a colonial correspondent and giving information ro the working of thej English Aot. THE Bishop of Bathurst on Wednesday last visited Bourke for tho purposo of attending an im- portant mooting of tho parochial council, and on Saturday reaohod Grenfell, where a parish toa was hold to welcome him. On Sunday ho dedicated the chancol aud new boll of Holy Trinity Church. This chureh has boon greatly improved by interior plastering and noV reading-desk and pulpit. Tho Bishop held a confirmation in tho uftornoon, and preached in the evening. Tins BiBhop Wd4_ attended by the Rov. G. T. Geer, tho incumbent of Cowra, who acted as his chaplain, and by the Rov. H. Jobson, incumbent ol' Grenfell. THE Rev. G. C. Grubb conducted a service on Monday at Mort's Dook, Bpeoially addressing the workmen during tho time allowed for dinnor. About 150 of tho employees were present. At 4.15 Mr. Millard conducted a children's service in St. Thomns' School Hull. Two hundred and fifty wore present. At 6.45 open-air services were held, and at 7.30 the Rev. G. 0. Grubb addressed a largo congregation'in St. Thomas'. Tho subjootwas " The Now Birth," St. John xxx., i. An öfter meeting was hold. PxjtMONT and Ultimo Presbyterian Chujph Sabbath School hold its picmio at Chowdor on Saturday last. There was a goodly number of teachers, scholars, and visitors present ; and a fife and drum band'accompanicd the procession from the church to the steamboat, aud played most of the day on tho grounds. Rev. B. S. Paterson and tho teachers attended diligontly to tho nooda and pleasure of tho children, and also welcomed the visitors. SIIOBTI,. after tho death of the lato Principal Fletoher it waa decided, in response to the ex- pressed wish of his friends and admirers, to coin pile a momorial volume which should includo a akotch of hiB life and work, and some chaiaa teristio seleotionB fiom his sermons and othqr literary productions. The preparation of the volume has been undertaken by his son, Mr. J. J. Flotohor, M.A., B.Sc, and is now approaohing completion. A _AD named Patriok Lennon, aged 16 years, whilo crossing tho railway Uno yesterday morning at the Newtown station, was caught by a passing train, which knocked him down. The wheels passed over his loft foot, orushing his hool badly. Ho was at onco tokon to tho Princo Alfred Hospital and admitted. Later in the day it was found necessary to amputate his foot, and this was accordingly done. A MAN named Jamos Gilbert Gore, whilo working in a wool store yesterday, fell down a hatchway, a distance of about 12ft. Ho was convoyed to tile Sydney Hospital, whoro it was found that ho had received injuries to his spine. Hurry Addy, a car- penter, was takon to tho sumo institution sufforing from injuries to ono sido, which had been o&usod; by the man boing kicked by another man. On Dr. Wndo examining him it waa found that two of his ribs were broken. AN inquest waa hold at tho Coroner's Court yes- terday, relativo to tho death of a mun uamod Wil- liam Norquay, who died in tho Sydney Hospital on Monday night. Deceased was 38 year» of age, a Customs boatman, and latoly resided with his wifo at Balmain. On tho loth instant, whilo walking on tho 'tween dooks of tho Allerton, ho foil down a hatohway to tho lower hold. Ho was picked up by Captain Farmer, and was conveyed td tho Sydney Hospital, where it wns found that the man had received a fracturo of tho skull and a fraoturo of tho left ann. Norquay lingered in an unconscious condition till Monday night, whon ho died. Death was due to fraoturo of tho skull. An opon verdict wus roturnod. THE man who was found in tho Parramatta Purk, sufforing from chloral poisoning, on Monday afternoon, was sufficiently recovered yesterday morning to appear at tho Parramatta Police Court to answer a oharge of stealing tho bottle of ohloral from tho hospital. Ho admitted having stolen tho bottle and takon somo of its contents, stating that ho had been drinking heavily. It was fortunato for him that tho bottle was found on him, as it' enabled tho doctor to treat him successfully. Ho had threo strong hyperdormio injections of stryoh nino boforo ho oamo to. He was remanded to gaol for a week for medical treatment. / A SOCIAL tea meoting and a concert wore given last ovoning in tho Stanmore Wesloyau Chureh, tho proceeds from which will go towards the fund for the extinction of tho cironit debt. Tho chair was takon by Mr. W. Winn, and there ,Wus a fairly largo attendance. Mr. W. T. Sharp, organist of St. John's Church, Ashfield, performed somo selections on tho organ, which were interspersed by songs and addresses. A vocalsolo, entitled " Noel," waa sung by Mr. 0. A. Flint, and " Called to Remem- brance " (quartet) was rendered by |Mr. and Mrs. T. Martin, Mr. N. J. Flotohor, and Master Flotohor. Addresses wore delivered by Mr. A. Smith (oirouit steward), tho Rovs. E. J. Rodd and K. East, and tho ohairman. AN atrocious caso of cruolty to a child has como to light (says tho Paris correspondent of tho London Daily Telegraph) in tho Snint-Mnrtin Quarter of Paris. A little girl of nine, named Adolphine Borlet, on reaching her school, was noticed to bo in a weak condition, and cvidoutly was sufforing intonso pain. On boing questioned by tho mistrosH she unfolded a talo of barbarity on tho part of her father and mother such as scarcely would scorn credible in tho nineteenth coiitury. It, appears that tho child has been subject to tho cruelty of her parents for about two years. She Was oxamined by tho mistress, who found that her body was covered with soros and wounds. For somo reason or other both her father and mother had conceived an intense hatred for her, and the former satisfied his rancour every morning by dragging tho child up and holding her, head downwards, in a buckct of water until sho was nearly asphyxiated, prior to sending her to school without any breakfast. Sho was made to sleep on the bare floor, with no cover- ing, in a garret over tho apartment occupied by hor parents. Tho mother's mode of torture waa to make a small poker red hot and apply it to tho tips of Adolphine's fingers, stilling her cries by tying an apron round her head. On finding that tho soros on tho poor child's hands were notioed by tho neighbours, tho inhuman woman hit upon a still moro painful process of torture. Sho heated a pair of tongs, and with them pulled out fragments of flesh from tho child's legs and body. On hearing this terrible story the school- mistress, acting with laudable promptitude, at onco took Adolphino to tho Commissary of Police, who st L hor to tlio St. Louis Hospital. Wlion her mother went to fetch her from school she waa arrested, and tho husband met with a similar fate shortly afterwards. Tho two fiends at first denied their guilt, but confessed subsequently oh hearing the évidence of their neighbours, whom Borlot had forced hitherto to keep silent by threatening to " do for" the first who should inform against him. They had tho impudence to plead that what thoy had done was for the child's good. It had trans pired that the burning with red-hot irons was a daily occurrence, and that the object of this treat- ment was to kill tho little girl slowly. On Borlet and his wife being taken to tho Central Prison tho police had great difficulty in. protecting them from an infuriated mob, which threatened to "lynch" them. THU Permanent Artillery Bau£ will, we-itjior per- mitting, perform m tho ÛuWu.c.' Ûardoû» this after-1 noon. 