AN ADELAIDE GHOST STORY. [From our London Correspondent).] London, November 27. Glancing through Mr. Steads "Real Ghost; Stories" I chanced on the following, which comes like most of his "copy" from the records' of the Society Physical Research. "Super natural warnings," he remarks, "are some times on absurdly trivial subjects: sometimes, while serious and even tragic, they seem power less to avert the danger against which they warn. Here is a story which "is full of the tragic fascination which attaches to the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, _ struggling in vain to averb the event which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing within the sight of those to whom he had revealed the vision." The jitory :in brief is as follows:-Mr. Fleet was third matron the sailing ship Persian Empire, .which left Adelaide for London in 1868. One of the crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, as the Persian Empire was passing Cape "Horn in a heavy gale, he was orderad with his watch to secure a boat hanging in davits over the side. He and another got into the boat- when a fearful sea broke over the ship, washing them both out of. the boat into''the'sea,1 where, they were -both drowned.' The'"dreajn .made . such an .impression ,'tipon him $iat he, isras most', reluctant to join the ship,', but he overcame'bis-V scruples and sailed. On Christmas Eve, when they were nearing Cape-Horn, Cleary haJd a re petition of his.dream, exact-in all particulars^ He uttered a terrible cry and" kept muttering, "I know it/will come true." 'Ondhiisibiiias, Day, i exactly as he ' had foreseen, ; JOlear . .. and'- jthe rest of the watch were, ordered to secure a boat hanging in the ..dayi.ts. Cleary flatly refused. ' He said he "refuEejd because he knew he would be drowned, that all the circumstances of his dream had: come true up to that moment, and if he went into that boat he wonlddie. 'He was taken below; to. the captain, and his refusal to dis charge duty was entered in the log. Then the chief officer, Douglas, took the pen to sign his \ name.' Cleary suddenly .looked ^ at him and ' exclaiined, "I will go to my duty, for now I - know' the other man in my dream." He told Douglas, as they went on deck, of his dream. They got into the boat, and when they were all making tight a heavy \- sea struck the vessel with such force that the crew would have been washed overboard had they not clung to the mast. The boat was turned over, and Douglas and Cleary were flung into the sea. They swam for a little, time and then went down. It was just three . months after he had dreamed of it before leavirjg Adelaide. ' 