true sign. PUBLIShED IUIÍ.Y. "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I sneak, impugn it whoso lists x ' TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communication, intended for his action in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any car remittances whatever. Correspondents are advised ' to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will he adhered to at rielly. Noi\otico-c¿n be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must he accompanied by the ,i'namo'*rfa''áddrcs8 of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons interested, we have to request that all business. communications, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to WILSON and M.itKivs*oíí, and not to THE EDITOR. Payments. by poU-GlltC- order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige. FRIDAY, MAY' 8, 1801. As was shown yesterday during the discussion the subject of early closing, there is a certain public advantage in allowing two rival deputations to wait upon Ministers at the same Prime., If this experiment should become a custom, it will at least provide the public with some amusement during the Parliamentary recess, and it will enable members of Parliament to practise the art of interruption more assiduously. Even those who are most troubled in mind about business matters grow tired of talking about the depression in trade and the bad prospects for the winter and the effects of the " land boom " and the strike. It is a relief to have a defini- tion of impertinence, delivered in his most august manner, by Mr. FITZGIBBON and to get a statement on such an interesting social topic as the municipal age of Colonel SMITH. It must have been pleasant also for the Chief Secretary to find that the object for which the deputations had nominally assembled yesterday was put into the background by a wordy struggle between the chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works and the veteran member for Ballarat. Mr. FITZGIBBON was angry, but philosophical ; Colonel SMITH was short and snappy. The one defined impertinence as implying a difference of rank in order to show his scorn for his antagonist; the other practised impertinence in order to prove its effectiveness. The former was prepared to support an unpopular thesis earnestly ; the latter was bent on making mischievous interruptions. Unfortunately, we cannot say that this great municipal contest has added to the dignity of the local councils or to the circulating wit of the colony. Such a specimen of rapid repartee, which we take from the report, as the following: -" Don't be impertinent ; " " How " dare you, sir ; " " You are imports " Bent "-is somewhat in the style of young ladies at a boarding- school. The one thing that the public gains from to a dispute is the knowledge that Colonel SMITH, and not Mr. FITZGIBBON, is the patriarch of municipal government in Victoria. Colonel SMITH may have been passed by in politics, he may have been badly treated by many politicians and journalists, but he has at least the great consolation of his municipal antiquity. Even before Mr. FITZGIBBON was, there was Colonel SMITH. Having informed us of this fact, Colonel SMITH next tells us that his opinions are to be accepted because of his patriarchal municipal age. The declares that it is " nonsense, arrant nonsense, for such a " man " as Mr. FITZGIBBON to talk to him. We may infer, therefore, that anyone else who might presume to speak to him would be guilty of something far worse and far more foolish than nonsense. There is a delusion that the country is occasionally guided by argument, that it is often swayed by sentiment, and that it is always ruled by the majority. Apparently it ought to be governed by Colonel SMITH in his capacity as the municipal pioneer. In replying to the deputations, Mr. M'LEAN cautiously refrained from committing himself to any opinion inroad to early closing ; but in one point his summing up of the case was curiously defective and mistaken. Upon introducing the first deputation, Mr. DIXON, M.L.A., observed that if compulsory closing were abolished, the municipalities which he represented would accept a provision that " no employes should be detained " beyond a reasonable hour." This was apparently understood by Mr. M'LEAN to mean that the shops in which assistants are employed should be closed, and that only the small shops, where no assistance is required, should be allowed to remain open. The error of making such a distinction is at once obvious. We admit that the system of early closing presses most heavily upon the smaller suburban shopkeepers, whose principal opportunity of doing business is found in the evening. It is a strong argument against the restrictions of the present law that they hamper and discourage the man who has the courage to make a business for himself and the energy to become independent in the world. But is it either advisable or possible to make a distinction between them and the other shopkeepers ? In all other industries it is deemed sufficient that the hours of labour should be regulated. Nobody has the temerity to suggest that all factories and mills should be closed at six o'clock, that operations should cease in the gasworks, that nothing should be done on the wharves after a fixed hour, or that the tramway cars and the trains should be stopped. Why, then, is it thought necessary that the shops should be closed by the authority of the Government - In all other trades work may be carried on day and night as long as. the employers and their workmen are agreed about the hours of labour and the late of wages. There is no complaint because tramways and the railways are used for the best part of the twenty-four hours, and we fail to see the reason why arrangements should not be made that would enable the proprietors to keep their shops open as long as they were serving customers.. To fix the hours of labour for the assistants is one thing, to close the establishments is another. It is a case of putting out the fire to save the trouble of tending it now and then. Even the proposal made by Mr. DIXON implies a new principle. What is the " reasonable hour " beyond which no employee should be detained, and how is it to be determined So far as we are aware, there is no recognised reasonable hour. There are hundreds of men who work not only during the evening last during a great portion of the night, but nothing is supposed to be unreasonable in this arrangement. The shop assistant who is detained till ten o'clock may not be able to visit the theatre or attend his church meeting ; but he is no worse off than the tramway gripmen and conductors, who are on duty till midnight. Supposing that plumbers were forbidden to work after six o'clock, and that if a pipe were leaking the owner of the house could get no help, and was compelled to see his property destroyed, the law would at once be denounced as absurd and unjust and mischievous. Yet it is proposed that the householder who may suddenly find himself in want of some article is to be prohibited from buying it.' Hitherto the country has followed the safe rule of arranging a recognised day of labour. The shop assistants have not yet done anything to warrant the new principle that the establishments in which people are employed should be closed for sixteen hours. Air. 'KENWITH was to the fore with the delightful argument that early closing should be made compulsory because a large number of shopkeepers in Smith street close of their own free will. If this is the natural tendency, then there is no need for legislation. If on the other hand the shopkeepers of Smith street can afford to do what is impossible elsewhere, that is no reason why their companions in other streets should be oppressed. The truth is that the shop assistants and their friends clamour for the universal closing of all establishments at the same time because they are unable to regulate the hours of labour. They dis- trust each other; they fear that if they refuse to work more than eight or nine hours their places will be taken by others of the same class. Let them, however, attempt to adjust a fair working day, and they will be more in harmony with the ordinary principles that now prevail in industry. The working day should be determined, and then the shopkeeper should have perfect freedom. To talk of making an exception in favour of the shopkeepers who employ no assistants and of clos- ing all the other places is beside the mark. Where men have sufficient business ability to employ labour, the custom that would naturally come to them ought not to be forced beyond their doors. The people who wish to buy ought not to be driven into one shop, in which perchance there may not be the variety of goods that they would find in larger establishments. The sympathy of the Early Closing Association for the struggling suburban grocer is to be distrusted. The large and growing extent to which real properly in this colony is held under the Torrens system gives to the judgment of the Privy Council, published by us a few days ago, in the case of Messer v. Gibbs, a special significance It was suggested in the court below that, if the decision should be adverse to the claim of Messrs, M'INTY.RE as mortgagees, the faith of the community in the Land Transfer Act would be shaken and it was substantially held by our judges that, as Messrs. M'INTYRE had lost their advance through reliance upon a certificate issued from the Titles Office, they were entitled to a recoup which should ultimately come out of the assurance fund. The Judicial Committee has declared that Messrs. M'INTYRE are not entitled to any recoup whatever, and that they must lose the whole amount lent by them, so far at any rate as Mrs. MESbUit, the true owner of the land, or the assurance fund are concerned ; which practically means that they must forfeit it altogether. The important question for landholders now is-need their faith in the Office of Titles be shaken by this result 1 It is highly satisfactory to be able to say that it need not. The cardinal principles of the Torrens system remain unaffected, and one important effect of the Privy Council's judgment is to confirm prior local decisions as to the general indefeasibility of a certificate of title or of a mortgage in the hands of a bomt-fule holder for value without notice of any fraud. That is to say, though you may always set aside as fraudulent and void a certificate or mortgage obtained improperly, so long as parties to the impropriety are the only persons interested, yet if some innocent third party has given value upon the faith of such a fraudulent instrument he is perfectly safe, and the person death ended has his ultimate remedy against the assurance fund. It would seem, however, that the immunity from obligation to investigate titles-which is all that the statute was designed to accomplish-has, in some instances, led people to think themselves relieved from all inquiry whatsoever as to the individual named us proprietor in a certificate of title. Under this impression such persons have been ready to deal with anyone presenting to them a proper certificate, assuming the holder to be the real proprietor indicated therein. They have, in fact, treated with the certificate rather than with the proprietor. The case of Messer v. Gibbs illustrates the folly of implicit and unquestioning reliance of this sort, and reminds both profession and public of the true scope of the act. Persons accepting a certificate must, in fact, look upon it as a proof of title and nothing more. They must still, quite independently of the Office of Titles, see that they are transacting business with a real and existing proprietor. As Lord IlEitscnictL observed in the course of argument -"The purchaser or most " gages need make no question as to " title ; all he has to look at is to see " who is the proprietor. Once he has " ascertained it, all that it tells him is " this With that man you are safe in " 'dealing.' It is for him to see " that he is dealing with that " man if he wants a title." The solo reason why Messrs. M'INTYRE lose their advance is that they did not see that they were dealing with " Hugh " Cameron." If they had made any inquiry at all it would have transpired that no such person as Hugh " Cameron " existed that CAMERON was what Mr. Justice "Warm called "a " myth ; " the fraud would have been revealed, and the £3,000 would never have been advanced. The fault of Messrs. M'INTYRE, in short, was in leaving everything to CRESSWELL as their solicitor, CRESSWELL, happening to be a rogue. Doubtless Messrs. M'INTYRE did precisely what every- body lending money on land would do they trusted their lawyer. Unless, therefore; an intelligent Legislature can make all solicitors " honest " by act of Parliament, " there seems no feasible remedy for the prevention of such an injury as that of the mortgagees in the present instance, It is not the Torrens system, but the mode of using it, that has been wrong. Parenthetically, it may be noted that our own judges sought to get over the non-existence of " Hugh Cameron " by holding that CAMERON was a kind of alias for CRESSWELL, that CRESSWELL was a forger, and that consequently the mortgagees were. holders for value without notice in terms of the general rule stated above. The Privy Council, however, distinctly show that no alias was either intended by CRESSWELL or understood by Messrs. M'INÏVBE or anyone else. In fact, the statutory requirements of this Land Transfer documents themselves, when looked into, conclusively negative the possibility of a presumption of the unity of CAMERON and CRESSWELL. , We remarked just now that there seems no feasible remedy against a repetition of Messrs. M'INTYRE'S peculiar loss. It is, however, quite within the power of the Legislature to say that all persons dealing in good faith with holders of certificates of title shall be relieved from the necessity of personally ascertaining whether the apparent registered proprietor is a " Hugh " Cameron " or not. The burden might, be imposed upon the Office of Titles of guaranteeing, by official investigation, the existence of all persons in whose names certificates are issued. Such a requirement would render a recurrence of Messrs. M'INTYRE'S experiences impossible, but it is open to question whether the department could, without undue difficulty, satisfactorily carry out the task of exonerating the profession and the public from the obligation of ordinary business-like prudence. The., Attorney-General might with advantage seek the opinion on this point of the Commissioner of Titles, who, by the way, enjoys in connection with the case of Messer v. Gibbs the unique distinction of having his strongly expressed opinion a upheld by the Privy Council though overruled by the local judges. Whether the opposition to federation in New South Wales will be marked by vigour or not remains to be Room ; but assuredly it will not be deficient in virulence. Mr. G. H. REID is apparently to be the leader of the crusade against Australian unity, and he is addressing himself, we are sorry to see, more to the prejudices and the more local jealousies of the people than to their reason. The sum and substance of Mr. R REID'S speech at the Protes- time-ball Sydney, this week, is to be found in the plans " Beware of Vic scorns." Mr. MUNRO is hopeful that federation will do this colony good, and so Mr. limn quotes his words its though they meant or implied that the union would do New South Wales some injury. The design, he says, is to make Melbourne the federal capital, and Victoria, he repeats is thinking about Riverina. Melbourne, we imagine, has the same chance of being selected as the seat of government for Australia as New York kind and has of being chosen as the capital of the United States. The larger she grows the stronger will be the influence that will work against her, and of this circumstance the Victorians who advocate unity are well aware. As to -Riverina, the annexation idea is a myth, and it Mr. REID were not carried away by his vehemence he would be able to point out to his." audiences that if every man, woman, and child in Australia desired to give Riverina to Victoria, they could not do so without the consent of the Legislature of New South Wales. The constitution is plain and emphatic that no territory is to be taken from any state for any purpose without the approval of the Parliament of that state, so that when Mr. Ruin dwells upon the possible loss of Riverina he must be under some mysterious delusion. He should leave this sort of talk to the people who have hitherto indulged in it to the fossils of the fools. After finishing with Victoria, Mr. REID proceeds to attack the proposed constitu- tion. Of course, no constitution would give him satisfaction, nor is it possible to frame a constitution which cannot be burlesqued, His wrath is excited because there is a clause in the bill allowing the Governor-General to send messages to Parliament suggesting amendments in bills after they have been passed by the Legislature. The QUEEN, he says, can only say Yea" or Nay" to bills, so that the constitution would introduce " Imperialism " of an odious type. Upon which, it seems, all the spurs tionists who were present set up a yell, either of execration of the proposal, or of delight at the exposure. But Mr. REID must know that the procedure which he condemns is a familiar one, and is one which is found of great practical use. In Victoria, for instance, it is in constant service. After a bill has been passed by both Houses, it is supposed to be reviewed in the Crown Law offices, and if technical or verbal errors are discovered, then the Minister brings down a message from the Crown suggesting the necessary corrections. And this power, which is used every session for the public good, is described by Mr. RKIU as something extraordinary, something indeed unheard of, and as fatal to the liberties of the people It is a disappointment to find so able a man as Mr. Reid on such a play form with Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, Mr. McELHONE, Mr. Dmns, Mr. SLATTERY, and so on-and using such arguments. At the same time, if the strongest man of the anti-Australian party has no better case than this to put forward, there should not be much to fear from the opposition to the national cause. While Lord CARRINGTON. is joining the Opposition in embarrassing the Salisbury Government with regard to newfoundland, it does not appear its if the colony which he has just left would be sympathetic with him. At all events a clear and temperate statement of the case is published in the (Sydney Morning Herald, and the readers of the article will scarcely be disposed to join in any rash or party denunciation of Lord SALISBURY. Our contemporary points out that the treaty rights, whatever they are, existed more than a century before Newfoundland was given self- government, and Jim. the gift was necessarily subject to those conditions, In every treaty between' the two nations since 1714 the French have insisted upon the renewal of the Newfoundland fishing rights, and consequently Great Britain is in no position to go to France and to order her peremptorily to withdraw. The Sydney Morning Herald. writes : "Hitherto the colonists have maintained an absolutely unyielding attitude. They have rejected every compromise' and insisted on the absolute abandonment, of French claims. In an ultimatum from the Government of Newfoundland to the British Government were the words, My Government cannot assent to any in hr trillion which does not include withdrawal of the French from the contests A produced that the French claims should be local asset! ton particular point on the coast, and that all the rest of Newfound- land should be free, was rejected and so arbitrary has been the demeanour of the colony, Unit its Parliament resolutely re fused to allow matters to continue as they were for a short season until England should have an opportunity of further negotiation with France." This attitude, as our contemporary says, places the Imperial Government in a false position. Everybody would condemn the Imperial Government if it provoked a war with France because France will not sacrifice which have let, lids as a man iii ii industry pi erected by treaty after Ucutj, new jet called the Imperial Government stand aside will leave the French and the) Now fulfil orders to settle that the, difficulty One French man of war on the cost would dispose, of the affair, but when the test in loss of life occurred, and when JSCW foundland loaned from the dispute, bleeding and humiliated, the while empire and the whole world would cry shame And in, the Imperial G avern ment cannot either fight France to leave the Newfoundlanders to be dealt with by France it would seem to follow that either the Government must insist upon Newfoundland respecting the treaty obliging.., . teams take authority to ensure those treaty obligations itself This is the domain, to which Lord! SALISBURY has conie,\i&iid; it is one just to the empire i sid OAKitrvorov apparently thinks that in a colonial difficulty colonists will mutilate the Iribhniun of the story, and will be again the Government any way and we have quoted from our Sydney cou company to show that Australians may not likely to be so narrow as this but will judge each question fairly on its ment. In Australia we had a good deal to complain of flour Lord SAUsmnu s predecoBBOi -ho New Hebridean will is wrench, which took the islands out of the owner., was improperly arranged behind our bid s but highly objection- able as the arrangement was in manner and in substance, it has never been so, listed here that the empire should go back on its bond V hit we have asked in the asking for is some voluntary new arrangement to be an iv ed at by mutual consent The RM S Cuzco of the Orient line armed at Adelaide from london j yesterday morning with her mails for Melbourne were sent on by the express train in the afternoon they will be delivered this morning Hit 1 and 0 Kiss Britannia which will arrive to day) will be the last of the mail steamers to call at Hobart for fruit during this season Commencing with the Orient ft M S Oruba on Monday next these vessels will revert to the ordinary arrangements as to leaving Sydney on Mondays and arriving in Melbourne on Wednesdays for 10 weeks the mail steamers have called at Hobart and in that time over 110 (810 cases of apples have been shipped by them from Tasmania to the London market in cargoes ranging from 2000 nil 21 040 cases' down to J 170 cases On the suggestion of Sir 1 re ternal SarRoil the Public -Jemie Hoon! is about to make a serum into the wall under the I due mon department It is a regular portion of the duties of the board to make such inquiries when they are applied for in order to test r tain exactly the nature of the work which is being done by the various officers some preliminary information has been found ( 1 to the board that it will not commence its investigation for some day b 1 he long standing dispute on the compulsory closing clauses of the Shops in 1 1 Factories Act was revived with unusual vigour yesterday when two lnrc,ediiuta 6 ins i presents" the opposing sides on the question waited upon the Gin of Secretary (Mr M I can) in furtherance of their II spective VIEW Although there were only two di pututioiiB three proposals were actually 1 brought forward Mr Dixon Mr W urge that the bill should be so modified as to permit shopkeepers who conducted their business without the aid of approval to keep their establishments open at night Mr I 6 3 Ratisbon as representing the City Council disdained all compromise and would be Satisfied with notluntslioit of the repeal of the bill The opposing deputation from the Early Closing Associations had the a Ivan tage of being united and pressed a unanimous request for the enforcement of the clauses with the proviso that the control should be taken away from the local bodies and vested in one responsible Minister of the Crown Air M Lean did not commit himself to any direct statement further than a refusal to consider the application for the repeal of the claude He promised to consider the remaining area incuts and to COHHUU his colleagues with the view of making such amendments as might be thought desirable After yeaterday s experience of entertaining, two directly opposite and distinctly borne deputations at the same time the new Chief Secretary) Mr M Lean probably realised that even the sweets of office sometimes clove the task of grappling at short notice with the mysteries of the early closing, question is in itself sufficiently perplexing, without being complicated by the epigrammatic utterances of the excited ME For tin sustain" afar off of the municipal representative eager for the fray) Yesterday the upper mt, parties came early into collision but the Chief Secretary preserved his calm even when for one brief but terrible moment Colonel Smith and the town users. of Melbourne hovered on the verge of a painful personal encounter Diplomatic: relations were happily restored but aft JIM leach til ii climax when the twenty or thirty gentlemen whom the early closing deputation had brought with them found after two hours and li half of continuous debate that they were left out of the list of speakers from 11 to half-past 9 the) sun in silence weary of waiting but sustained by the sure and certain hope that their turn would come When Colonel Smith hurriedly left the room they realised for the first time that all was over It was too late for Mary but not to avert disaster J lie Chief Secretary left alone and without support was suddenly assailed by an onslaught of these oratorical guerillas TAA in 20 minutes heard more speeches on the subject of early) closing than had been delivered all the morn mp the speakers recognised that the time was limited so tin) economised b) speaking all at once with excellent effect The total sum voted by Parliament for bonuses to butter factories fruit canning fruit drying. raisin and currant making the manufacture of vegetable oil the prepare tion of flax- hemp c was £37 000 Of this amount to SOO has been expended in connection with butter factories and creameries and the Minister of Agriculture has decided that li further sum of £1040 shall be devoted to the encouragement of the dairying industry The Minister has also arranged that claims for bonuses must only be made for factories which are already t establish d and that the quantity of milk named in the regulations which have been passed must be used by) the 31st of January next The factories and on amenes me to be classified according to the amount of money spent on them Factories erected and fitted at a cost of not less than £1000 are to he placed in the first class and those cost nig not less than 700 in the second for the first clubs of creameries there must be an expenditure at not less than 500 and for the second not less than 800 for seco id i class factories and creameries only half the rates name in the regulations will be paid This arrangement has been come to in consequence of a report) Mr Wilson the dairy exp it that a number of makeshift factor His have been erected at a trifling cost in or It i to secure bonuses It has been definitely decided to discontinue the butter in mises The payments up to date amount to BUDIN and a number of fresh claims have to be dealt with which will mo! id 1) bring the total up to the 000 the Minister of Water Supply yesterday promised a deputation representing sev ml invention trusts that consideration would 1 given to a request and interest on u values by the Government for irrigation pump s s should not be chained for a period of 10 years The deputation discs used that there was any intention on tin put on mists to repudiate the claims of the 0 armament for the mine) which last seen advance 1 to at me and Mr Culham acknowledged that as far as he could feather during, his recent visits to irrigation ar s there was no such feeling abroad He expressed the opinion that in view of the large amount of stone) which irrigationists would have to expen I out in their own pockets in the first instance, it was only fair that the Government should give them what consideration it could. The apportionment of the waters of the Leyldon formed the subject of an interview which the trusts interested hutt with the Minister of Water Supply yesterday. It was urged that up to the present the waters of the river had been apportioned and diverted in a very unsatisfactory manner, and that as the Laanecoorie weir was approaching comple- tion the Minister should adopt measure- to ensure a fair apportionment, and also that all the works on the river should be taken over as national ones, so that undivided authority might be exercised over them. Mr. Graham stated that a scheme for the re- allotment of the waters had already been drawn up, and it would receive attention on the completion of the works. It was recognised that ultimately all the works would have to be under one control. of Mr. Brodribb, the inspector-general of the Education department, and Mr. Simpson, the art inspector, were recently directed by the Minister of Education to inquire into the management of schools of mines in the colony. These gentlemen, as a result of their investigation, have suggested that the institutions which pass under that name should be classified into schools of mines and technical schools, and they have submitted a number of recommendations to the Minister for the better working of the institutions. live recent disastrous explosion of gunpowder at Home, which killed a number of workmen, blew out some of the stained glass windows of the Vatican, and knocked down His Holiness the Pope while he was celebrating mass in St. Peter's, serves to point a moral and adorn a tale. The tale is that of the gunpowder magazine at Maribyrnong, and the moral is that it ought to be abolished. This innocent-looking receptacle has contained as much as 500 tons of powder at one time, the explosion of which might be safely calculated upon to create a sensation in Victoria quite equal to that which lately occurred in the Papal See. Mr. C. N. Holtze, the Government inspector of explosives, is endeavouring to get the powder contained in the magazine distributed among 18 smaller ones, to be erected at Skeleton Creek about omen), and the arrangements for this purpose are now approaching completion, The difficulty of guarding against all risks is pointed out in a report by Major Majendie, Her. Majesty's inspector of gunpowder works in England, who states that not long ago a lucifer match and a quantity of percus- sion caps were discovered in a barrel of gunpowder at the Royal Cartridge Factory, Woolwich. There is an unobtrusive officer attached to the department of Trade and Customs whosO special mission in life is to taste all the different kinds of tea which are imported for consumption, and to make himself a laboratory' for the detection of any impurities that may exist in the commodity. His duty, in fact, towards the state resembles very much that of those useful personal attendants who were employed in ancient times to par- take of the suspiciously appetising dishes offered to their masters, in order to determine positively that no attempt at tyranni- cide by poisoning was being attempted. In spite of the loyal efforts of this Customs officer with a discriminating palate, he is unable to consume all the tea which is submitted for his verdict, and the remains of the samples, of which he has tested a portion now all no fewer than 35 half-chests. The samples are of excellent quality, and as the department has now no further use for them it is the intention of the Minister of Customs to hand them over to the charitable institutions of the city. The unpunctuality of their train service was the familiar text upon which a deputation of Cranbourne residents discoursed to the Railway Commissioners yesterday morning. They were aggrieved at the length of time occupied by the journey from Melbourne to Cranbourne, and they also expressed a wish that Cranbourne should be included in the suburban radius, an arrangement which would carry with it a reduction of fares as compared with the present, rates. In addition to this they desired that a shelter shed should be provided at Dandenong. The commissioners did not hold out any hopes that an era of reduced fares could be inaugurated at present, but they undertook to have a port- able house provided at Dandenong, and they promised to make due inquiry into the alleged unpunctuality of the train service. A vacancy occurred recently in the number of skilled members of the Court of Marine Inquiry owing to the retirement of Mr. M. Kelly, and applications were invited from persons possessing engineering qualifications who were desirous of filling the position. The time for sending in the applications expired on the 6th inst., and only three candidates for the vacancy submitted their c names. They were Mr. John Craig, Mr. Arthur Dunbar, and Mr. Ernest Charles Atkins. These names will be laid before the Marine Board at its meeting to-day to be submitted by that body to the Governor in Council, who will select one of them. A meeting of the Coal Commission was held yesterday at the Exhibition- building, there being present Mr. V. C. Mason, MLA, (in the chair), Mr. A. Harris, M.L.A., Mr. W. M. Clark, M.L.A., Mr. C. L. Forrest, M.L.A., and Mr. L. L. Smith, M.L.A. Some informal discussion took place, and it was arranged that the (commission should leave Melbourne for Morwell on a tour of inspection on Monday, the 25th Inst. Yinnar, Boolarra, Traralgon, Tyers, and Toongabbie will also be used before the return of the Commission to Melbourne. The business of the Titles Office has fallen off to some extent since the time of the land boom, and it has been found that the department is rather overmanned, especially in the draughtsman branch. By request of the Attorney- General, the Public Service Board have inquired into the matter' and it has been determined that about half a dozen draughtsmen shall be transferred from the Titles Office to the Lands and Mines departments, where their services are required. There will also be a reduction in the Titles Office in the examin- ing branch. Mr. Sandford, the senior examiner of titles, is about to retire through being over regulation age, and the staff will be decreased by one member, as the officers in it will be able to manage the work without any new appointment being made. Several members of the Charities Commission, namely, Mr. James Campbell, Professor Morris, Messrs. Anderson and Harlin, and Mr. Julian Thomas (secretary), left Mel , bourne yesterday for Bendigo, to visit and take evidence regarding the charitable institutions in that district. The sitting of the University senate yesterday evening lapsed through the absence of a quorum. An endeavour will be made to continue the business this afternoon. The commission of the Presbyterian General Assembly sat for the greater part of yesterday in private conference, during the greater part of which it is understood the Rev. Dr. Paton endeavoured to persuade the commission that Lord Knutsford had erred in accusing him of exaggeration in connection with a book dealing with missionary work in the South Seas. Dr. Pilton, who was being congratulated in another part of the report on his accession to the honour of doctor of divinity, spoke at great length on the subject, and the measure of success which he achieved in self vindication will be gauged at to-day's sitting. It was indicated at the evening sitting that the fascination of a personal dispute had levi ved some of the old-time fervour of the assembly. A nice sense of the value of phrases was shown by the Rev. S. Kelso, at yesterday's meeting of the commission of the Presbyterian Assembly. In a temperance speech, in which he expressed the opinion that nearly all publicans were sinners also, and that he has quite failed to do any good with three in his own congregation, reference was, made to the cooperation of women in temperance work. The reverend gentleman said that he was a believer in womankind, as the moderator knew, and he had got so far as declaring that "the young men and the young women of the church should be brought together, so that they Bruny embrace and hold when he was interrupted by loud laughter. After a pause Mr. I Kelso added, " the same views on the subject : There is sometimes room for the suspicion that reverend speakers, at the sittings of the commission of the Presbyterian Assembly seems a hazardous point by intentional]) leading their listeners astray) in their conclusions, so that having gained the point desired the) may lead them back to the right path again A case of the kind occurred last night The moderator, in thanking the Premier and Mr W Anderson MLA, for their attendance at a conference on temperance, said he was glad to see them, because there was a very close connection between politicians and intemperance The mother utor paused slightly here and the audience were a part much amused and in part as founded at so candid and damaging an opinion. The moderator went on to explain, however, that in so far as politicians must he connected with politics politics with the liquor traffic, and the liquor traffic with intemperance, therefore politicians were connected with intemperance those present were relieved to and that it was not the intention of the moderator either directly or by innuendo, to charge either of the members of Pailiu ment present with backslidingB The quarterly meeting of the City Council will be held on Saturday at noon (cheap pointment of a successor to Mr E G Fitz gibbon, as town clerk of Melbourne will require attention, and the council will be asked to consider the propriety of directing that applications be invited from candidates for the office at a salary at the rate of £1,100 per annum 'The public works committee will submit plans and specification for laying wood pa\ ement in Little Collins street, between Swanston and Queen streets and will also submit plans and specifica- tion for widening to 15ft the foot way of northern side of Flinders street, between Elizabeth and Swanston streets The council will also have to consider a joint report of the public works and legislative committees " informing the council that notice has been given by the A U Alcock Electric Light and Motor Power Company Limited of its intention to apply to Parliament for leave to bring in a bill authorising the company to generate, store, and supply electricity in the city of Melbourne and other places, to open and break up streets and lay down pipes, conduits, are and recommending that in view of the intention of the council, in the interests of the citizens, to undertake the electric lighting of the streets, etc, of the city, a petition be presented to the honourable the Legislative Assembly) Moving for leave c to this council to appear and be heard by counsel agents, and witnesses against the bill The legislative committee will recommend that authority be given to affix the seal of the corporation to a petition to the Legislative Assembly, praying for leave to introduce a bill extend ing the provisions of the Tramways Act 1890. to the cities of Melbourne, Prahran, and St Kilda, to permit of the construction of tram ways along High street and Commercial road and other streets A number of the friends of Dr Le Tev re MLC, met yesterday afternoon at Scotts Hotel for the purpose of wishing him bon voyage prior to his departure for Europe by the RMS Britannia \ monga t those present were Councillor AA Cuming (mayor of Footscray in the chair. Mr James Bell, MLC Mr W H Roberts, MLC Councillors J Holden and W Smithers Gadd, of Fitzroy, Mr AA Greenlaw, general manager of the Colonial Bank of Australasia Mr A Reid, inspector of the London Chartered Bank of Australia and others An apology was received from Mr M Lang Mayor of Melbourne The chairman said that Dr Le Fevre did not desire that a bin quet should be held in his honour, as had been proposed, and accordingly the present gathering had been arranged In common with the other speakers he tendered his best wishes to Dr Le Fevre that he would have a pleasant trip, and that when he returned at the close of the year it would be with renewed health and vigour His excellent qualities in his professional character, as a citizen, and as a member of the Legislative Council, were referred to in terms of warm praise The toast of Dr Le rev re s health was received with musical honours In returning thanks he said that for the past 14) years, since he had landed here he had been continuously at work, and he felt that he needed a change 1 three months ago In had no idea of leaving these shores but he had been appointed a delegate to the meeting of the Congregational Union to be held in London, and after some consideration had determined to go He hoped to learn many things that would he useful to him and would do his best to make them of benefit to his old friends on this side of the globe A few other to ists brought the proceedings to a close A question as to the liability of Air Joseph A Woolf, solicitor, for certain calls made by the Grassmere Estate Company was dealt with by his Honour Mr Justice Molesworth in the Second Civil Court yesterday) Mr Woolf was the holder of four shares in this company, and prior to the winding up of the company a calf of £100 per share was made upon the shareholders None of the shareholders paid lins call in full, but negotiations were entered into for the purpose of arranging terms of payment Mr Destree, who acted for Mr Woolf, saw Mr I Dangerheld, the liquidator, and subsequently Mr Power, the solicitor of the liquidator and Mr Destree s evidence went to prove that he had effected a settlement of the matter with Mr Power 1 The case for the plaintiff, on the other hand was that Mr Power, who had made this alleged settlement, had no authority to enter into any such transactions His Honour found that though there was a conflict of evidence, the preponderance of the evidence was against a settlement that has been made, and gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £381), with interest and costs Mr Hayes and Mr Kilpatrick appeared for the plaintiff, and Dr. Madden and Mr Ogg for the defendant. Mr. John Hennings has just completed for public exhibition a ev dominic picture of the Crucifixion The three figures are detached from the landscape that of the Saviour being copied from Van D) ck s famous composition in the Academy at Antwerp, while the two trees as are represented as coarsely animal in physique A skull at the foot of the central cross recalls the very ancient tradition that Adams skull was buried in Golgotha, and the artist has introduced such of the Sacred localities as me visible from Calvary including of course, the city of Jerusalem crow near the eminence which overlooks the ravines of the Kedron and of Ilinnom The hour chosen is that in which the crucified Redeemer gave up the ghost, and the end of the temple was rent in twain When properly illuminated, as it will be on being opened to the public the impressive scene, as depicted by) Mr Hennings, promises to be extremely effective, and is likely to attract the religious section of the community more particularly, as portraying the most tremendous and momentous event in the history of the human race we have received from Messrs Thacker, Spink," and Co of Calcutta their Indian Directory for 1891 This is the 29th annual issue of this well known work and it allows an increase of nearly 100 pages over the previous edition 1 he alphabetical list of residents in India now comprises -12 152 names, and the list of the principal native member touts includes 7,53.! names The official and general information contained in the book will be found very useful, and an excellent railway map of India brought up to last year, and two plans of Calcutta have been added to the present edition the Richmond City Council yesterday instructed its representatives on the Suburb in Tramways Conference to oppose the formation of a trust for the construction of the proposed tramway from Clifton Hill to St Kilda via Hoddle street The monthly meeting of the general committee of the Melbourne Athenaeum was held at the institution last night the chair being taken by the president Mr H H Hayter On the recommendation of the library) sub committee, it was resolved to add several new works to the library the secretary, Mr. J H B Curtis reported that 2 new members had joined the institution during the past I _aonth,rand that the receipts amounted to £301 he Victorian Orchestra gave its 150th concert at the AtVreiu_uin hall last evening, there being a crowded attendance The programme, though devoid of novelty, was made up of selections which could not fail to give satisfaction, and throughout there was a uniformity of excellence achieved by the orchestra The BJ phony of the evening was the sublime work of Beethoven in C minor, which so well illustrates the depth of feeling and musicianly) skill of the composer A more simple subject than that of the first movement could hardly]) be selected, and yet it is treated with such masterly skill as to make it the foundation of a most in arresting and suggestive piece of music Beethoven is reported to have said of the phrase, as it is announced in the first instance, "It is thus fate knocks at the door, and with such an indication to the character of the movement its solemn grandeur can be thoroughly understood and appreciated The " Andante con moto of the symphony has a beautiful strain of melody, and a varied and coloured in a manner characteristic of the coin power The members of the" orchestra played this with such skill as to bring the different qualities of tone of the w and instruments into agreeable relief The "Allegro Schorxo with its "catchy" figures and weird effects was neatly executed, and the triumphant finale was performed with appropriate spirit the overture with which the concert opened was the favourite " Siege of Corinth by Rossini, and besides the symphony Schubert's ever welcome entrants to " Rosjuiunde ' was given in the first portion The second part comprised Meyerbeer's overture to Struens-.," the three pieces by Vognoh performed quite recently, and a collarette by the conductor. Mr Hamilton Clarke The last mentioned composition is written in a thoroughly good style, and received the hearty approbation of the audience. At the Bijou Theatre this evening "'the Butler will be performed for the last time To morrow night The Pickpocket ' will be reproduced, with Mr G S Titheradge, Mr G W Anson, Mr D G Boucicault, and Miss Temple in the principal characters Mr Darrell's play, 'The New Rush, will be produced this evening at the theatre Royal, for the last time To morrow evening Mr and Mrs Darrell will enter upon the last three nights of their engagement, when " Back from the Grave " will be played The first illustrated lecture on the subject of the " OberAmmergau Passion Play will be dear cred by Mr II Betty se Baildon in the Athenaeum hall this evening On Tuesday evening a vocal and instrumental concert was given, under the direction of Mr A J Follett, in the new town hall St Kilda, on behalf of the debt on Christ Church, St Kilda. Songs, vocal duets, are , were sung by Miss Ada Crossley, Miss Sara Lewis, Mr. Gladstone Wright, Mr Jules Simonsen, Mr James Wood, Mr Pallet-, and a quartet party of gentlemen Miss -da & ossie was especially successful with Mr H (J Notts song, Children, which obtained the prize offered by Sir William Robinson when Acting Governor of Victoria She was accompanied by the composer Mr Otto Linden contributed pianoforte solos by Chopin and also the of numbers from Mendelssohn's "Songs Without Words, the latter being kindly given in substitution for it ham hole, which was to have been played by Mr W '1 Market, but fell through owing to some contretemps by which his instrument did not arrive The hon treasurer for the Little Sisters of the Poor Mr Initie. Doran, desires to acknowledge the receipt of £55 14a (as per Mr P Jasper Husband, being the net proceeds of a performance of ' Our Boys by the Philothesptun Amateur Dramatic Club life) in the new town hall, St Kilda, on 10th March Die hon treasurers of the Matilda Aston Benefit Fund acknowledge the following additional donation -Miss A A Murphy £5 is At a meeting of the Brighton 1 ice library committee held on Wednesday evening?, the president. Dr J P Wilson, reported that arrangements had been completed for a course of six free lectures to be given in the hall, the rector ears and subjects being as follows -Rev O Wait ' Heading Its Delight- and Rewards ' Dr îvclld ' Ugllllcation Mr H It Hold, "Round the World in ISO Days'. Mr M'Alpine, ' flowers with Sciopticon' , Mr A Sutherland, " Lindsay (Gordon and Brunton Stephens , Professor Morris, " The sewer in Uah The first lecture will be given by the Rev. Mr Tait this evening At the Sodality, St Patrick s College, to night the business vi will comprise " Gems from By ron and Scott, ' read or recited place in the Exhibition building to day It has been organised by a committee of citizens and is entirely free to the -school children of . Fitzroy A varied and interesting pi-c,niiiime has been prepared, and the children will also be provided with refreshments by the committee, and Messrs H J King and Vv It Bennetts hay o volunteered to the organ recitals during the afternoon -the general public will be admitted to the building for the charge of 1s and as the object is now on the one a large attendance is expected In consequence of the large increase in the numbers of children who are brought to the Prahran, South an i, and Toorak Creche the committee have been obliged to seek for larger and more commodious premises, and they live c succeeded in securing a house with grounds in Grosvenor street South Yarra It is named Adelaide house and I will be ready for the reception of the children on Monday, the 19th just The committee have made urriiu^cniciits to have the option of purchasing the premises which they both Bedouin early date -lioprocccdsof tliuCukeand Apron Fair, which is to be held in Out Prahran Town is til on the 26th and! is to be a nucleus for the purchaser fund The creche was established only a v cur one, and up to the end of March 1 141 children had been received, while the number re elect ed daily continues to increase in Edward largesse, of the firm of 1 eugenic Hms , ..oithMelboiltiic, leaves Saturday for his. land on a twelve mouths trip A number of coin mercial travellers tiSACiiiblcd fit for tillage Hotel, 11 For street, "for the Melbourne, on Vyeduc*-av after noon to!iuvcip_illt]g~I-SiOf wine with Mr I Fitzgerald and at the same time presented him with a tray clung bier Mr Pie s, of Heath -chiefs and Co , presided The same events in the low n Hall Hotel, Errol street Mt 1 Fitzgerald was entertained by his employ as who presented him with a cold cb tin gold in matchbox, and a diamond locket the attainder (Mr logurtyjiuadc the presentation yestereday afternoon Mr 1 it gerald was the guest of a large gathering of gentlemen of the softgoods trade in the city at the Post I hilhpCIltb Hotel about 100 being present Mr George Stevenson (I. teuton and Sons Limited) was in the chair, and proposed the health of the west, after which several foist, vi etc proposed and responded to by the following gentlemen -Mr T M »nu o (Paterson sang, 111 nee), Mr H Kehl (le Held and Co) Mr H Butler (Sargood, Butler, and Nicholl, and Mr P Nihill (Bank s and Co ) The Fitzroy school children's festival will take A large gathering of firemen, members of the old volunteer system, was held at the town hall, Brunswick on Wednesday evening for the purpose of making a presentation to Mr -Thomas Mackwell, who held the position of captain of the Bl railway ick Brigade previous to its abandonment for a period of seven years- The child was occupied by Sir T Clements, J P Mr Mauger made the presentation, and said that he could speak with confidence as to the recipients. ability as a fireman, and he was also pleased that he had earned the confidence of the men who had been in the brigade He regretted that Mr Mack w ell had not applied for the position of foreman in the local brigade instead of that of superintendent, us the latter office had been given to one of the oldest members in the Carlton Brewery Brigade Mr Mack well acknowledged the presentation, and stated that he felt as if he had been rather gained by the Metropolitan Brigade in not having been given a position on the board he had spent a number of years as a volunteer Human, and he, with numbers of others, had been quietly passed over A number of toasts were given and the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman 