BONNIE KATE. (A SERIAL STORY.) CHAPTER XVin. lit MRS. R. S. DE COUBCT LAFFAN, Author of "Louis Draycott," "Geoffrey Stirling," "Cosmo Gordon, &c.;, &c.; It would be difficult to say if Kate heard Miss Libbie's words, or grasped their full offensiveness. For all that the tears were streaming from her eyes; ehe was gazing with m strained, jii'r-iH,- ncross Will's shoulder. • i- • i-: .^.i- Hallucinations oome over all of us a >itrn muiueuts; the association of ideas is so strong that it carries all before it, and thoughts arise within us that partake strangely of the madman's fantasies. If Kate had seen a tall, gaunt, soldierly figure following on in Will's wake, if the light of the kindly eyes that had shone upon her from her childhood had shone upon her once again, she would scarce have known amaze. . Will's coming, sudden, unlooked for, had thrilled to her very soul ; but that coming was incomplete. For the moment she was ready to forget tin gap that death had made, the snapped link in the golden chain of the old home memories. • The troubles of these later days, Miss Libbie's spites and littlenesses; all these things seemed to have passed away into the im measurable.distance of space; they had no power, to touch her. She and Will stood there, close to each other, separated from all the woild. The arms that held her were those of the old. old home by the river. In a sort of dazed, confused manner Kate at last looked rocnd at Miss Libbie. To another world from that to which her mind had wandered belonged that angular figure, those stern, accusing, shadowless eyes. She passed her hand across her brow, as though to sweep away the cobweb? that puzzled her mind. "This is my cousin Will,"shesaid, taking a step aside from him, and looking up proudly into his fair, manly young face. Then the rush of memory and bitter regret came over her again, even as a flood of deep waters. She clung to his arm, and her head fell back against his shoulder. "Oh, Will, Will! it seemed so hard that he should die so far away, And I not by hiin." lint Will stared stonily over that prone head at Miss Libbie and with an irresistible impulse laid his hand, a« if in protection, upon the ruddy-brown locks that lay against his breast. "Poor Kate I" he said; "I have come upon you too suddenly. I ought not to have taken ou by surprise like this ; but I did not know, T could not tell; I had no idea it would upset you like this." All this while Will bad never ceased to glare at Miss Libbie, his honest blue eyes on fire with hottest indignation, though his words were addressed to Kate. "Kate, you are changed—your voice, your face. Why, ypu look years older. What have they been doing to you? I. doubt if Aunt Cynthia -would know you; and how you tremble! Sit down, dear, and I will sit beside you, and tell you how I came to drop from the clouds like this." Miss Libbie's presence heated him to madness, and it teemed best to him to ignore her. How dared she speak as she had done to his contin iepl Kate,{and who on earth did'she mean by *'S[ephew ' I ran John?" in to take a peep at the dear old place," went on Will, "and I really thought Dulcimer was going to hug me outright—Idid, indeed, and as to Chloe—just fancy—there she was in a basket with a blanket in it, and four tiny, round blaok puppy heads bobbing up and down. When she saw me die sprang out like a mad thing, and upset them alL How ; Dulcimer laughed. Kate, Kate 1 what are you dding? Laughing and crying, both in a breath?" By this time it had fully dawned upon Miss Libbie th&t; she had spoken unadvisedly with ; titer tongue; but the ardoufr of the cbase was • •upon her. She had long ago given herself a . mental impetus in the direction of running down "Nephew John's wife," and that impetus had grown stronger than herself. So now she had spoken without sufficient thought; but such as her colours were—poor pitiful rags of jealousy and spite—she would nail them to the mast. " Young women were more mannerly—more becomingly^ behaved when I was a girl," she said, bridling as though the indiscreet advances of half the male sex had been at various times nipped in the bud by her virginal dignity and decorum. "Who is this person," cried downright Will, springing to his feet, and running his lingers wildly through his sun-bright hair— " this person who insults you openly in your own house—who is she, Kate?" Kate, hitherto dreamily unconscious of Miss Libbie, absorbed as she had been in thoughts and associations with which that virtuous female could in no wise be, even ever so remotely, connected,' rose, went to his side, and laid her hand upon his arm. She knew Will of old in these high moods •of his, and knew that he was dangerous. "That is Aunt Libbie," she began, and was going on, but the headstrong boy gave her no chancc. " An old servant of the Granger family, I suppose, given brevet rank from long service. They generally get called Aunt Somebody or other before they die, I believe, and I'm ready to make all allowances, I'm sure; but really, Kate, you musi allow me to say this one is about as impudent as they make"them. How dare she speak like she did just now? Why don't you order her out of the room ?" • Just for the nonce indignation had deprived Miss Libbie of the powers of utterance. She shivered like an aspen leaf, or as though eo-ne unkindly hand were letting cold water trickle slowly but surely down her ' back. She bad been called a " person." There was but one lower degradation possible. The upstart young man with the aggressively curly hair and glaring eyes might have called her a " woman. That would have been worse atill, but any way things were quite bad enough. "Person yersel',"cried Miss Libbie, when speech was possible," I'd have ye know, young man, Fm no person at all, nor no one's servant neither ; and as for imperence, if one on us had ought to quit on that score, it's yo', my young cockerel. * Them as crow too young conie to no good.' That's the sayin' on our farm, an' Ebenezer wrings t* necks o' such, and thev set off head downwards to t' market town, ana never a crow left in 'em. I'd have yo' to know as . I'm own sister to Thomas Granger, o' Low Cross Farm, aud own sunt to young John as owns this house and all as is in it. We're plain soarto'folk, an' happen audfarrant i' oar notions, and loike to see them as is kith and kin to us behave beeoinin' in that state o' life whatever it may be. Wc know nowt o' the free ways o' somesoart o' folks, arid I'm not of a moind to think as our -Tolin 'ull cotton to sich ways. Yo're worse nor James Dodd, wi' Pilcher tossed into t' bargain, so yo' be." ** Audfarrant, impcrence, makin' free — Kate, Kate, what is this ?" Will grasped his cousin's arm like a vice. His face was pale; his lips shook under the shade of the golden-hued moustache that had grown so' thick sigce last Kate saw him, and ijiven such a new manliness to him. "Is it true?" he cried; can it be " JJut Kate had her hand on his mouth. ''Not now," she pleaded, speaking in a sort of frenzy: "not now, for my sake! Will, Will, she does not mean it, she does not know!" But Miss Libbie would be neither excused nor repressed. She stalked like a stage-ghost to the door, and there delivered herself of what she considered a suitable valediction. " YOB; she "does mean it; she's a plain kind o' body is Thomas Granger's sister, and she bogs to say as yo're an ill-mannered, ill-conditioned young fellow whoever yo' ba, and mak' a sight tro -free wi' John's wife and John's house: an'ye're like t' rest on 'em, - ready to trample on honest folk, because theycarma' speak sameafi if they'd a plum i' their mouths;: an 3 1 wish <yo' a very good evenin', and yo've hearn the truth for onct i' yer life if yo' never did afore." Then there was a clap-to of the door, and Mies Libbie was gone. \- Kate fell back upon the couch, lifting her hands to her brow where the chill sweat was beading. Her thoughts were a torment to herself. Her mind was like a seething cauldron, in which was no rest. She saw what sailors called " breakers ahead," and knew not how to breast them. They say that in all women's love there is a tinge of motherhood—a longing to comfort and protect, a spice of the tender cunning that teaches the lark whose nest is near to flutter as if wounded across the furrows, and lead the -unsuspecting intruder upon a false scent. This mother- instinct was now strong in Kate. She longed to clasp the arms of her love about the man she adored, and save him from the blame that was his just due. She parleyed with her own heart as to the possibility 1 of denial. She longed for some subtle way in which to throw dust in poor WillV clear, compelling eyes. A woman will sacrifice anything and anybody, even while pitying them as they mount the death-pyre, for a man she passionately loves, and Kate was rathi-r ahead than behind the rest of her sex in siicfli e*]iabilitios of blind passion and devotion. Bat in this case she saw no way, straight or •crooked, out of a difficulty. Glady enough would she have shifted the burden of disiugeuuousness from John's shoulders to her own. Gladly would she have said—" The fault lies with me. I knew—I kept back thy truth from you, from Aunt Cynthia, from the dear one we have lost, because I feared you would stand between me and the man I loved." . Jiut Kate knew that this path was one that tvould lead nowhere. (To be continued.' 