hiphotise . — : I wish I had never seen him. I wish I didn't always want to knew the reason why. I wish I wasn't perpetually troubled by an imperti nent curiosity. Why couldn't I have been con tent with what I hud got in the "Encyclo paedia" and " Inquire Within Upon Every thing r" Why should I be always posing as an intelligent inquirer? It has cost me exactly, ton thousand Rounds. I am .his only, nephew, and I corresponded with Uncle Boultby ever since he emigrated as & steerage passenger seventeen years ago. You see Uncle Boultby had been very kind to me as a l>oy. He used to take me out fishing with him and give ma shillings ; that is the kind of uncle a boy likes. And when Uncle Boultby was shipped off to America with a siugle de note in his poclet to take his chance, I believe I was the only person who was genuinely sorry for him. And Uncle Eoultby was quite aware of the fact. The reason of Uncle Boultby's expatriation wts, as grandfather put it, that he dsdii't know how to say " No." Uncle B. was nobody's enemy but his own — that is to say, he got drunk whenever he had the chance. For ten years Uncle Boultby worked as a common navty. In America, you know, you have to work or starve ; there are no societies in America, as there are in England, for making the life of the working-man beautiful; it is simply that — work or starve. Then Uncle Eoultby, after tea yeais, had a slice of luck ; he bought a share in a mining claim, and in five years lie made £10,000. Then he came home, and informed me that I was to be his heir. He had been at home a year ; he had had one attack of delirium tremens that brought him to death's dcor ; then, by my advice, ha allowed himself to bo incarcerated under the Habitual Drunkards Act. He was discharged as incur able alter eix'raontks ; ks began his old tricks again, and I had reason to believe he would not last much longer. So I went down to Ply mouth to look after my Uncle Boultby. I was sitting in a first-class carriage in the Great Western expres with an uncommanica- i live person in a tweed suit. Hia luggage was ©n the rack : it consisted of a Gladstone bag : there was a label on tbe Gladstone bag. I stood up to read it under the pretence of open ing the ventilator. I read the name Professor Tadger. I was rather pleased than otherwise. What a lot of information I might be able to extract from the Professor if I only went the right way to work. I remarked that it was a fine day. Professor Tadger nodded. I said that there was very little in the paper. Again fiie Professor-nodded. I tried to get into con versation with him by the usual devices. I could get nothing out of him but nods. What's the use of being a professor if you don't pro fess ? Perhaps, I thought, after all the fellow Is just a common conjuror, or a cora-cutter, or a hairdresser. They often caU themselves pro fessors. For a whole hour the Professor had been reading silently a black book in German. Ail I could make out was that the author's name was Moll : if I had only known German I could have found out what the book was about. Suddenly a very extraordinary thing happened. Professor Tadger began to stare at me in an excessively rude manner. I turned my eyes away. When I looked again in his direction he was still staring— staring in a way that made my fiesh creep. Was, he mad ? He frightened roe.- " Don't look at me like that, sir," I cried. ' Aren't you well?" and I was about to seize the handle by which you communicate with the guard. "Don't alarm yourself," said Professor Tadger very suavely ; "I only wanted to see if you were susceptible to the influence. I fancied that you would make a good subject : so you would, if you didn't resist." Then he explained to me that he took a great interest in what he called hypnotics. "Ah," I said laughingly, "you've got a show; if it's at Plymouth. I'll patronise you. I'm going to Plymouth." 6 h " Ho aui I," said Professor Tadger; " but I haven't got a show. I take an interest in the thing simply as an observer. I am a biologist." "Do you mean to seriously say that it isn't bosh?" I asked. Professor Tadger only glared at me. " Sleep," be said, very blandly. Thai's all I remember till I found myself rubbing my eyes, and seated on the luggage- rack in front of Professor Tadger, for all the world as if I had been a performing monkey. "Why don't you come down?" sahi Pro fessor Tadger. " Do you believe in hypnotism now?" It was a very curious thing. I remembered perfectly well our conversation up to the point when the Professor had said " Sleep," but I remembered nothing more. I felt very indig nant indeed, and I came down from the luggage-rack; then I felt for my watch and I felt for my purse. They were all right. "You have played a very unjustifiable trick upon me," I said. " Not at all," said tbe Professor ; " not at fcli j it was no trick, it was an experiment. I am successful with about 80 per cent, of o'rdte ©ary subjects.5 It is not nice to be called an ordinary sub let. Then he began to talk about hypnotismN I didn't believe half he said at first. " You should get over that feeling," said the Professor. " Hypnotism is a very interesting Subject, as you would acknowledge if yeu had seen any $f our experiments at Oxford. If you had a Wgical mind, you would see that you didn't get up in the luggage rack, as you did just now, of your own free will. That ought to be sufficient to convince you that hypnotism is not nonsense. Were I so inclined," he added, with a little laugh, " I could relegate you to the luggage-rack till we reached Ply mouth." There was no withstanding that argument : I ©&vAd; in at mica.- "You see there is nothing wicked or un canny or diabolical about hypnotism, " said Professor Tadger ; " you should disabuse your mind of any silly idea of that sort. It Is a subject we know very little about; but we should approach it seriously, because, you know, it is a thing that will, sooner or later, be probably introduced into ordinary medical practice. I am not a doctor ; but I have hypnotised a great number of people, and I have often been able to relieve pain. I'll give you instances, A person comes to me suffering from neuralgia. I hypnotise him. There no mistake whatever about the neuralgia ; it has perhaps lasted several .days ; the face is swollen. I can remove a headache in the same way." ? " I don't like the thing," I said. " There is a good deal too inuch hanky-panky for me. Besides, I have seen lots of the 60-called ex periments,' and it always appeared to me that the poor devils who acted as subjects were simply accomplices who received payment to make themselves ridiculous." ; "That may or may not be the case," said Professor Tadger. " I look upon it &b; a very sad thing that people should be hypnotised for the amusement of their f elio w-men ; but there i8 certainly some good to be got out of hypno tism, and the study of the subject, the ultimate benefit of the human race being the object in view, can do no harm. There is nothing like a crucial test," said the Professor. " We are both going to Plymouth. I am stopping at theRoyaL Here is my uard.'J Hegavemea card on which was inscribed Professor Tadger, College, Oxford. " Now, I'll tell yon what I will do for you. If you will present yourself at my hotel with three ordinary individuals between the ages of eleven and five-and-forty — old people and young children are bad subjects, that is why I make the suggestion as to age— I will show ypu a very "extraordinary experiment. You shall bruig. with - you a new pack of cards in its wrapper. I will hypnotise one of the subjects. You shall select a card yourself whose face I shall not see. I will place the card in the hand of the subject, back towards hi in ; I will tell b that'ii 13 a photograph of, say, the Prince of Wales. He will obey my 'suggestion, which I make in a sufficiently authoritative manner, and he will agree that it is a photograph of the Prince of Wales ; and to him, pie ls9 to understand, it has ceased to be a playing card, and, after my mandatory act,' to him. it is a photograph or the Prince of Wales, and nothing else. 1 will direct him to throw it upon the table. You shall fling down the rest of the pack, hacks upwards, upon it; and, well mixing the cards, you will watch us both as narrowly as you like. I will then simply eay to the subject, 1 Which of thpse photographs is that of the Prince of Wales ?' j He will unhesitatingly select the card originally handed to hire." " Professor Tadger," said I, " if you will do that I will belie re all you say — nay, more, I will give you a testimonial." " It is very good of you," said the Professor ; " hut I am not in need of a testimonial." " Can you tell me," I said, a little severely, " of any permanent benefit to anybody which has ever been produced by hypnotism ?" " Oh, certainly," said the Professor, affably ; " there are innumerable recorded cases. I am not a doctor, as I have told yon, but I have cured three habitual drunkards." "The cures took some time, I should think?" I remarked, derisively. "One sitting was enough," replied the Pro- ; fessor, with a smile. "If you do the card trick," said I, "you shall try tout hand on Uncle Boultbv." The Professor expressed his readiness to undertake what he called " tbe experiment with the playing-cards," and suddenly took an immense interest in Uncle Eoultby. We reached Plymouth. I went to see Uncle Boultby. My uncle's doctor told me he didn't think he would pull through. The same even ing I called upon the Professor wirh three "subjects," chosen haphazard. The Pro fessor's triumph was complete. The experiment _ with the playing-cards came off at the first time. I took the Professor straight over to Uncle Boultby's place. Uncle Boultby was very bad indeed — lie didn't even recognise me ; he called me Julius Gassar. And when I introduced the Professor, my poor uncle said, " Oh, Professor Pepper, of course. I hope he hasn't brought his ghost. " Professor Tadger stared at hiai rather sternly. " Sleep !" he said, in a firm voice, "Sleep I" There were no passes — no hanky- panky of any kind. Uncle Boultby's head dropped back, and he went off as sound as a house in an instant. " Open your eyes &ndlis;:en to me," said the Professor, in an awful tone. Uncle Boultby opened his eyes, and the Pro fessor shook his forefinger at him. "When you wake," continued Professor Tadger, "you will hate all kinds of wines, spirits, or fermented drinks ; the smallest quantity will make you horribly sick. You will turn teetotaller ! Wake !" added the Pro fessor — "wake!" Uncle Boultby did wake as though from a refreshing sleep. "1 wish you good evening," said the Professor. " I hops you'll get better." Then he marched out of the room and I haven't seen his face since. Uncle Boultby did get better — he got well ; he turned teetotaller; he ate his Christmas dinner with us. There was just a little brandy in the pudding, which we had forgotten. It made Uncle Boultby horribly ill. Uncle Boultby is goiug to be married to morrow. I am going to the wedding. I feel as if I were going to my own funeral. If it hadn't been for my cursed curicsity about hypnotism, I should have been the better by £10,000. As for Professor Tadger— bother Professes Tadger !- —St. James's Gazette. 