THE STORYTELLER A Daughter of the D'Urbervilles. By Thomas Hardy. CHAPTER XVI. Angel Clare rises out of the past not altogether as a distinct figure, but as a tender voice, a long regard of fixed, abstracted eyes, and a mobility of mouth somewhat too small and delicately lined for a man's, though with an unexpectedly firm close of the lower lip now and then : enough to do away with any suggestion of indecision. Something nebulous, preoccupied, vague in his bearing and j regard, nevertheless marked him as one who pro- bably had no very definite aim or concern about his material future. Yet, as a lad people had said of him that he was one who might do anything- if he tried. He was the youngest son of his father, a poor parson at the other end of the county, and had arrived at Talbothays Dairy as a six months' pupil, after going the round of some other farms, his object being to acquire a practical skill in the various processes of farming, with a view either to emigration, or the tenure of a home-farm, as cir- cumstances might decide. His entry into the ranks of the agriculturists and breeders was a step in the young man's career which had been anticipated neither by himself nor by others. Mr. Clare the elder, whose first wife had died and left him a daughter, married a second late in life. This lady had somewhat unexpectedly brought him three sons : so that between Angel, the youngest, and his father the vicar, there seemed to be almost a missing generation. Of these boys the aforesaid Angel, the child of his old age was the only son who had not taken a University degree, though he was the single one of them whose early promise might have done full justice to an academical training. Some year or so before Angel's appearance at the Marlott dance, on a day when he had left school and was pursuing his studies at home, a parcel came to the vicarage from the local book seller's, directed to the Reverend James Clare. The vicar having opened it and found it to contain a book, read a few pages : whereupon he jumped up from his seat and went straight to the shop with the book under his arm. 'Why has this been sent to my house ?' he asked, peremptorily, holding up the volume. ' It was ordered, sir.' ' Not by me, or any one belonging to me, I am happy to say.' The shopkeeper looked into his order-book. ' Oh, it has been misdirected, sir.' he said. 'It was ordered by Mr. Angel Clare, and should have been sent to him.' Mr. Clare winced as if he had been struck. He went home pale and dejected, and called Angel into his study. ' Look into this book, my boy,' he said. ' What do you know about it?' ' I ordered it,' said Angel, simply. ' What for ?' ' To read.'' ' How can you think of reading it?' ' How can I ? Why, it is a system of philoso- phy. There is no more moral, or even religious, work published.' ' Yes, moral enough : I don't deny that. But religious '. — and for you, who intend to be a minister of the Gospel !' ' Since you have alluded to the matter, father,' said the son, with anxious thought upon his face, ' I should like to say, once for all, that I should prefer not to take Orders in the Church. I fear I could not conscientiously do so. I love the Church as one loves a parent. I shall always have the warmest affection for her. There is no institution for whose history I have a deeper admiration ; but I cannot honestly be ordained as her minister, as my brothers are.' It had never occured to the straightforward and simple-minded Vicar that one of his own flesh and blood could feel like this. He was stultified, shocked, paralysed. And if Angel were not going to enter the Church, what was the use of sending him to Cambridge ? The University, as a step to anything but ordination seemed, to this man of fixed ideas, a preface without a volume. He was a man not merely religious, but devout ; a firm be- liever not as the phrase is now elusivelv construed by Jack-Lantern apologists in the Church and out of it — but in the old and ardent sense of the Evan gelical school : one who could Indeed opine That the Eternal and Divine Did eighteen centuries ago In very truth ? Angel's father tried argument, persuasion, en- treaty. ' No, father ; I cannot underwrite Article Four leave alone the rest, taking it in the literal and grammatical sense, as required by the Declaration and, therefore, I can't be a parson,' said Angel. His father grieved so deeply that it made Angel quite ill to see him. ' What is the good of your mother and me economising and stinting ourselves to give you a university education, if it is not to be used for the honour and glory of God ?' his father repeated. ' Why, that I may put it to other uses, father.' pleaded Angel. Perhaps if Angel had persevered he might have gone to Cambridge like his brothers. But the Vicar's view of that seat of learning as a stepping stone to Orders only was quite a family tradition : and so rooted was the idea in his mind that per- severance began to appear to the sensitive son akin to an intent to misappropriate a trust, and wrong the pious heads of the household, who had been and were, in truth, as his father had hinted, com- pelled to exercise much thrift to carry out this uniform plan of education . for three young men. ' I -will do without Cambridge,' said Ang-el at last. ' 1 feel that I have no right to go there in the circumstances.' The effects of this decisive debate were not long in showing- themselves. He spent two or three years in desultory studies, undertakings, and medi tations ; he began to evince considerable indif ference to social forms and observances. The material distinctions of rank and wealth he com mendably despised. Even the ' good old family' (to use a favourite phrase of a late local worthy) had no aroma for him unless there were good uew resolutions in its representatives. As a balance to these austerities, when he went to Lon don to see what the world was like, he was carried oft' his head, and nearly entrapped by a woman much older than himself, though luckily he returned not greatly the worse for the experience. Early association with country solitudes had | Ijred in him an unconquerable, and almost unreason able, aversion to modern town life, and shut him out from such success as he might have aspired to by entering a. mundane profession in the impractica bility of the* spiritual one. But something had to be done ; and, having a cousin who was entering nn a thriving life as a colonial farmer, it occurred to Angel that this might be a lead in the right direction. Farming — either in the colonies, America, or iit home — fanning, at any rate, after becoming well qualified for the business by a raref ul apprenticeship : that was a calling which would probably afford an independence without the sacrifice of what he valued even more than a «:ompeteney- intellectual liberty. So we find Angel Clare here at Talbothays as a student of kine, and, as, there were no houses near ;«t hand in which he could get a comfortable lodg ing, a boarder at the dairyman's. His room was an imriiense attic, which ran the ?whole length of the dairy-house. It could only be vouched by a kdder from the cheese-loft, and had bnpji closed up for a long time till he arrived and selected it as his retreat. Here Clare had plenty of space, ;iud could often be heard by the dairy ; folk pacing up :md down when the household had gone to rest. A portion was divided off at one end by a curtain, behind which was his bed, the outer part being furnished its a homely sitting-room. At first ho lived up above entirely, reading a yood deal . and strumming upon an old harp which he had bimght :it a sale. But he soon preferred to read human nature by taking his meals downstairs in the general dining-kitchen, with the dairyman and his wife, and the maids and men, who altogether formed a lively assembly ; for though but few inilking hands slept hi the house, several joined the family at meals. The longer Clare resided here the less objection had he to his company, and the more did he like to shave quarters with them in common. Much to lijs surprise, he took, indeed, a real delight, in vheir ---iiip;niiouship. The conventional farm -foil; of hi* imagination— personified by the pitiable figmv known as Hodge — were obliterated after a f.ow days' residence. At close quarters no Hodge was tn bo seen. At first, it is true, when Clare's intelligence was fresh from a contrasting (society, thesr friends with whom he now hob nobbed seemed a little strange. Sitting down as a level member of the dairyman's household seemed at the outset an undignified proceeding. The ideas, the modes, the surroundings, appeared retrogres sive and unmeaning. But with living on there, day after day, the acute sojourner became conscious of a new aspect in the spectacle. Without any objec tive change whatever, variety had taken the place of monotouousness. His host and his host's house hold, his men and his maids, as they became inti mately known to Clare began to differentiate them selves as in a chemical process. The typical and unvarying Hodge ceased to exist. He had been disintegrated into a number of varied fellow crea tures — beings of many, minds, beings infinite in difference ; some happy, many serene, a few de pressed, one here and there bright even to genius, some stupid, others wanton, others austere ; some mutely Miltouic, some potentially Cromwellian : into men who had private views of each other, as he had of his friends : who could applaud or con - demu each other, amuse or sadden themselves by the contemplation of each other's foibles or vices ; men every one of whom walked in his own indi vidual way the road to dusty death. Unexpectedly he began to like the out-door life for its own sake, and for what it brought, apart from its bearing or his own proposed career. Con sidering his position, he became wonderfully free from the chronic melancholy which is taking hold of the civilised races with the decline of belief in a beneficent power. For the first time of late years he could read as his musings inclined him, without an eye to cramming for a profession, since the few farming handbooks which he deemed it desirable to master occupied him but little time. He grew away from old associations, and saw something new in life and humanity. Secondarily, lie made close acquaintance with phenomena which he had before known but darkly — the seasons in their niouds. morning and evening, night and noon in their temperaments, winds in their several dispositions,' trees, waters, and clouds, shades and silem-'Cte. igiH-y-fiUiu. constellations, and the voices of inanimate things. The early mornings were still sufficiently cool to render a fire acceptable in the large room wherein they breakfasted : and it was Angel Clare's custom to sit in the yawning chimney corner during the meal, his cup and saucer and plate being placed on a hinged bracket at his elbow. The light from the long, wide, mullioned window opposite shone in upon his uook, and, assisted by a secondary light of cold blue quality which shone down the chimney, enabled him to read there easily whenever disposed to do so. Between Clare and the window was the table at wliich his companions sat, their munching profiles rising sharp against the panes ; while to the rear was the milk-house door, through which were visible the rectangular leads in rows, full to the brim with the morning's milk. At the further end the great chum could be seen revolving, and its slip-slopping heard — the moving power being discernible through the window in the form of a spiritless horse walking in a circle and driven by a boy For several days after Tess's arrival Clare, sit ting abstractedly reading- from some book, peri odical, or piece of music just come by post, hardly noticed that she was present at table. She talked ? so little, and the other maids talked so much, that the babble did not strike him as possessing a new note, and he was ever in the habit of neglecting the particulars of an outward scene for the general impression. 40ne day, however, when he had been conning one of his music scores, and by force of his imagination was hearing the tune in his head, he lapsed into listlessuess. and the music-sheet rolled to the hearth. .Ho looked at the fin- of logs, with its one flame pirouetting on the top in a dying dance after the breakfast cooking and boiling ; and j it seemed to jig to his inward tune : also at the ! two chimney crocks dangling down from the cross- - bar. plumed with soot, which quivered to the same melody : also at the half- empty kettle whining an accompaniment. The conversation at the table mixed in Avith his phantasmal orchestra till he thought, ' What a fluty voice one of those milk maids has. I suppose it is the new one.' Clare looked round upon her seated with the others. She was not looking towards him. Indeed, owing to his long silence, his presence in the room was almost forgotten. ' I don't know about ghosts,' she was saying : ' but I do know that our souls can be made to go outside our bodies when we are alive.' The dairyman turned to her with his mouth full. his eyes charged with serious inquiry, and his great knife and fork (breakfasts were breakfasts here) planted erect on the table, like the beginning of a gallows. 'What— really now? And is it so, madie'r' he said. ' A very easy way to feel 'em go,' continued Tess, ''is'tolic on the grass at night and look straight up at some big bright star ; and, by fixing your mind upon it, you will soon find that you are hundreds and hundreds o' miles away from your body, which you don't seem to want at all.' The dairyman removed his hard gaze from Tess, and fixed iit on his wife. ' Now, that's a rum thing, Christianner — hey r To think o' the miles I've vamped o' nights these last thirty years, courting, or trading, or for doctor, or for nurse, and yet never had the least notion o' that till now.' The general attention being drawn to her, in cluding that of the dairyman's pupil, Tess flushed, and i-emarking indifferently that it was only a fancy, resumed, her breakfast. CLare continued to observe her. She soon finished her eating, and having a consciousness that Clare was regarding her, began to trace imaginary pat terns on the tablecloth with her forefinger with the gaueherie of a domestic animal that perceives itself to be watched. ' What a superb daughter of Nature that milk maid is,'* he said to himself. And then he seemed to discern in her something that was familiar, something which carried him back into a joyous and unforeseeing past, before the necessity of taking thought had made the Heaven's grey. He concluded that he had beheld her before: where he could not tell. A casual en counter during some country ranible it certainly had been, and he was not greatly curious about it. But the circumstance was sufficient to load him to c-elett Tcs£ in preference to the other pretty milk maids when he wished to contemplate contiguous womankind. CHAPTER XVH. In general the cows were milked as they acci dentally presented themselves, without fancy or choice ; though certain cows will show a fondness for a particular pair of hands, sometimes carrying this predilection so far as to refuse to stand at all except to their favourite, the pail of a stranger being unceremoniously kicked over. But it was Dairyman Chick's rule to insist on breaking down these partialities and aversions by constant interchange, since, in the event of a milk ;nau or maid going away from the daily, he was otherwise placed in a difficulty. The maids' private aims, however, were the reverse of the dairyman's rule, the daily selection by each damsel of the eight or ten cows to which she had grown accustomed rendering the operation on their willing udders surprisingly easy and effortless. Tess, like her compeers, soon discovered which of the cows had a predilection for her style of manipulation, and her fingers having become deli cate from the long domiciliary imprisonments to which she had subjected herself at intervals during the last two or three years, she would have been glad to meet the milcher's views in this respect. Out of the whole 105 there were eight in par ticular — Dumpling, Fancy, Lofty, Mist, Old Pretty, Young Pretty, Tidy, and Loud — who gave down to her with a readiness that made her work on them a mere touch of the fingers. Knowing, how ever, the dairyman's wish, she endeavoured con scientiously to take the animals just as they came, excepting the very hard yielders which she could not yet manage. But she soon found a curious correspondence be tween the ostensibly chance position of the cows, and her wishes in this matter, till at length she felt that their order could not be the result of accident. The dairyman's pupil had lent a hand in getting the cows together of late, and at the fifth or sixth time she turned her face, as it rested against the cow, full of sedate inquiry upon him. ' Mr. Clare, you have ranged the cows !' she said, blushing ; and in making the accusation symptoms of a smile lifted her upper lip gently in the middle in spite of her, so as to show the tips of her teeth, the lower lip remaining severely still. '? Well, it makes no difference,' said he. ' You j will always be here to milk them.' j ' Do you think so ? I hope I shall. But I don't j know.' i She was angry with herself afterwards, thinking that he, not aware of her grave reasons for liking this seclusion, might have mistaken her meaning. She had spoken so earnestly to him, as if his pre sence were somehow a factor in her wish. Her mission was such that at dusk, when the milking was over, she walked in the garden alone, regret ting that she had disclosed to him her discovery of his considerateness. It was a typical summer evening in June, the atmosphere being in such tense equilibrium and so transmissive that inanimate objects seemed en dowed with two or three senses, if not five. There was no distinction between the near and the far, and an auditor felt close to everything withiu the horizon. The Boundlessness impressed her as a positive entity rather than as the mere negative of noise. It was broken by the notes of a harp. Tess had heard those notes in the attic above her head. Dim, flattened, constrained by their con finement, they had never appealed to her as now, when they wandered in the still air with a stark quality like that of nudity. To speak absolutely, both instrument and execution were poor, but the relative is all, and, as she listened, Tess, like a fascinated bird, could not leave the spot. Far from leaving, she drew up towards the performer, keep ing behind the hedge that he might not guess her presence. The outskirts of the garden in which Tess found herself had been left uncultivated for some years, and were now damp and rank with juicy grass which sent up mists of pollen and tall blooming weeds, emitting offensive smells — weeds whose red and yellow and purple hues formed a polychrome as dazzling as that of cultivated flowers. She went stealthily as a cat through this profusion of growth, gathering cuckoo -spittle on her skirts, brushing off snails that were climbing the apple- tree stems, staining her hands with thistle-milk and slug-lime, and rubbing-off upon her naked arms sticky blights that, though snow-white on the true-trunks, made blood-red stains on her skin ; thus she drew quite near to Clare, though still unobserved. Tess was conscious of neither time nor space. The exaltation, which she had described as being producible at will by gazing at a star, cune now without any determination on her part ; she undu lated upon the thin notes as upon billows, and their harmonies passed like breezes through her, bring ing tears into her eyes. The floating pollen seemed to be his notes made visible, and the dampness of the garden, the weeping of the garden's sensibility. The rank-smelling weed-flowers would not close for intentness, and the waves of colour mixed with waves of sound. The light which still shone was denuded entirely f rom a large hole in the western bank of cloud ; it was like a piece of the day left behind by accident, dusk having closed in elsewhere. He concluded his plaintive melody, a very simple performance, de manding no great skill : and she waited, thinking another might bo begun. But, to her embarrass ment, he had listlessly come round the feuce, ami was rambling up behind her. Tess, her dieeks on fire, moved away furtively, as if hardly moving at all. Angel, however, saw her light, summer gown, and he spoke ; his low tones quite reaching her though be was some distance off. ' What makes you draw off in that way, Tess, ' said he. ' Are you afraid P' ' Oh, no, sir ? That is, not of out-door things, especially just now, when the apple -blooth is falling, and everything so green.' ' But you have your indoor fears, eh r' ' Well — yes, sir.' 'What of ?' ' I am rather afraid of — of — ' 'Death?' ' No.' 'Life?' ' Yes, sir.' ' Ah — so am I, very often. This plight of being alive is rather serious : don't you think so ?' ' It is — now you put it that way, sir.' ' All the same, I shouldn't have expected a young girl like you to see it just yet. How is it that you do?' She maintained a hesitating silence. ' Come, Tess, tell me in confidence.' She thought that he meant what were the aspects of things to her, and replied shyly :— ' The trees have inquisitive eyes, haven't they? — that is, seem as if they had. And. the river says, ' Why do ye trouble me with your looks?' And you seem to see numbers of to-morrows just all in a line, the first of 'em the biggest and clearest, the others getting smaller and smaller as they stand further away : but they all seem very fierce and cruel and as if they said, 'I'm. coming! Beware o' me! Be ware o' me .' .... But you, sir — J'ou,' she ex claimed, with almost bitter envy: 'you can raise up dreams with your music, and drive all such horrid fancies away 3.' He was a little surprised to find this young girl — who, though but a milkmaid had just that touch of rarity about her which might make her the envied of her housemates — shaping sm-li sad imaginings. But he was more surprised when 'he considered that she was expressing in her own native phrases — assisted a. little by her sixth standard training— ideas which might almost have been called those of the age, approximating to the spirit of modernism. The perception arrested him less when he reflected that what are called ad vanced ideas are really in great part but the latest fashion in definition — a more accurate expression, by words in 'logy' and 'ism,' of sensation*, which men and women have vaguely grasped for centuries. Still, it was strange that they should have come . to her while yet so young : more than strange, it was impressive, interesting, pathetic. Not guess ing the explanation, he did not consider that experience is as to intensity, and not as to duration. He did not know that Tess's passing corporeal blight had been her mental harvest. Tess, on her part, could not understand why a man of clerical family and good education, and above physical want, should look upon it as a plight to be alive. For the unhappy pilgrim herself there was very good reason. But how could this admirable and poetic man ever have descended into the Valley of Humiliation, encountered Giant Despair, have felt with the man of Uz — as the poor girl herself had felt many and mauya day and night during the last twoT or three years— ' my soul chooseth strangling and death rather than my life. I loathe it : I would not live alway.' It was true that he was at present out of his class. But she knew that was only because, like Peter the Great in a shipwright's yard, he was studying what he wanted to know. He did not milk cows because he was obliged to ?ni1k cows, but because he was learning how to be a rich ami prosperous dairyman, landowner, agriculturist, and breeder of cattle. He would become an American or Australian Abraham, commanding like a monarch his flocks and his herds, bis spotted and | his ring-straked, his men-servants and his maids. ' At times, nevertheless, it did seem unacjounlabls to her that a decidedly bookish, musical, thinking young man should have chosen deliberately to be a farmer, and not a clergyman like his father and brothers. Thus, neither having the clue to the other's secret, they were mutually puzzled at what each revealed, and awaited new knowledge of each other's character and moods without attempting to pry into each other's history. Every day, every hour, brought to him one more little stroke of her nature, and to her one more of his. Tess was trying to lead a life apart, but she little recked the intensity of her own vitality. At first Tess seemed to regard Angel Clare as an intelligence rather than as a man. And as such she compared him with herself : and at every discovery of the abundance of his illuminations, of im- mense distance between her own poor mental standpoint and the immeasurable Andean altitude of his, she became quite dejected, humiliated, dis- heartened from all further effort on her own part whatever. He observed her dejection one day, when he had casually mentioned something to her about the pastoral life in ancient Greece. She was gathering the buds called ' lords and ladies ' from the bank while he spoke. ' Why do you look so woebegone all of a sudden ?' he asked. ' O, 'tis only — about my own self,' she said, with a frail laugh of sadness, fitfully beginning to peel " a lady" meanwhile. ' Just a flash of a sense of what might have been with me ! My life looks as if it had been wasted for want of chances ! When I see what you know, what you have read, and seen, and thought, I feel what a nothing I am ! I'm like the poor Queen of Sheba who lived in the Bible. There is no more spirit in me.' ' Bless; my soul, don't go troubling about that lady.' he said, with some enthusiasm, ' I should be only too glad, my dear Tess, to help you to any- thing in the way of history, or any line of reading you would like to take up --' ' It is a lady again,' interrupted she, holding out the bud she had peeled. 'What?' ' I meant that there are always more ladies than lords when you come to peel them.' ' Never mind about the lords and ladies. Would you like to take up any line of study — History, for example? ' 'Well, sometimes I feel I don't want to know anything more about it than I know already.' 'Why not ?' ' Because what's the use of learning that I am one of a long row only — finding out that there is set down in some old book somebody just like me, and to know that I shall only act her part, making me sad, that's all. The best is not to remember that your nature and your past doings have been just like thousands and thousands, and that your coming life and doings 'll be like thousands and thousands.' 'What really, then, you don't want to learn anything ?' ' I shouldn't mind learning why — why the sun shines on the just and on the unjust alike,' she answered, with a slight quaver in her voice. ' But that is what books will not tell me !' ''Tess; fie for such bitterness !' Of course, he spoke with a conventional sense of duty only, for that sort of wondering had not been unknown to himself in bygone days. And as he looked at the unpractised mouth and lips, he thought that such a dew-fresh daughter of the soil could only have caught up the sentiment by rote. She went on peeling the lords and ladies till Clare, regarding for a moment the wave- like curl of her lashes as they drooped with her bent gaze, lingeringly went away. When he was gone she stood awhile, thoughtfully peeling the last bud ; and then, awakening from her reverie, flung it, and all the crowd of floral nobility, impatiently on the ground, in an ebuilition of displeasure with herself for her gaucheries, and with a quickening warmth in her heart of hearts. How stupid he must think her ! In an access of hunger for his good opinion she bethought her- self of what she had latterly endeavoured to forget, so unpleasant had been its issues ; the identity of her family with that of the knightly D'Urbervilles. Barren attribute as it was, disastrous as its dis- covery had been in many ways to her, perhaps Mr. Clare, as a gentleman and a student of history, would respect her sufficiently to forget her childish conduct with the lords and ladies if he knew that those Purbeck- marble and alabaster people in King's-Bere Church really represented her own lineal forefathers ; that she was no spurious D'Urberville, compounded of money and ambition like those at Trantridge, but true 'D'Urberville to the bone. But before venturing to make the revelation poor Tess indirectly sounded the dairyman as to its possible effect upon Mr. Clare, by asking the former if Mr. Clare had any great respect for old county families when they had lost all their money and land. ' Mr. Clare.' said the dairyman, emphatically, ' is one of the most rebellest rozums you ever knowed — not a bit like the rest of his family ; and if there's one thing that he do hate more than another 'tis the notion of what's called an old family. He says that it stands to reason that old families have done their spurt of work in past days, and can't have anything left in them now. Why our little Retty Priddle here, you know, is one of the Paridelles — the old family that use to own lots o' the lands out by King's-Hintock, now owned by the Earl o' Wessex, afore even he and his was heard of. Well, Mr. Clare found this out, and spoke quite scornful to the poor girl for days. 'Ah,' he says to her, 'you'll never make a good dairymaid ! All your skill was used up ages ago in Palestine, and you must lie fallow for a thousand years to git strength for more deeds ! A boy came here t'other day asking for a job, and said his name was Matt, and when he asked him his surname he said he'd never heard that 'a had any surname, and when he asked why, he said he sup- posed his folks hadn't been 'stablished long enough. ' Ah ! you're the very boy I want !' says Mr. Clare, jumping up and shaking hands wi'en ; I've great hopes of you :' and gave him half -a -crown. 0 ! no, he can't stomach old families.' After hearing this caricature of Clare's opinions, poor Tess was glad that she had not said a word in a weak moment— even though her family was so unusually old as to almost have become a new one. Besides, another dairy-girl was as good as she, it seemed, in that respect. She held her tongue about the D'Urberville vault, aud the Knights of the Conqueror, one of whose name she bore. A flash of insight into Clare's character suggested to her that it was largely owing to her supposed un- traditional newness as a dew-fresh daughter of the soil that she had won interest in his eyes. (To be continued.) 