'iloveIst. SLIFE AT STAKE. E; IIS. 1hAERIET LEWIS. . 7=:r :"' 7h hoaseof jSc:rets," ' l ivian : " The ieiress of Egrecront," SThee Ialse Heir," &c.;, :,. CHIAPTER XXXIII.-(Comw eoe). To say that Lord Tressillian was startled st the amount, would be to speak but truly, bat he conecaled his surpriso irom the 1awyer, and said, calmly : " I was not aware that the som was so large, Mr. Jasper, and shall require a little more time for its payment." " flew much time, my lord I"' "Suppore I pay you a certain portion of the amount, with interest, every year for the three years-the third year the entire re msinderoftihedeh: to be paid? I can do th:i carily, but to do otherwise would be to aubject me to considerable inconvenience." The lawyer hesitated. He knew that he could press for the immediate settlement. vI the debt, and he was strongly inclined to doeo sincs the vieeoont was not likely to throw any more profits in his way. "1 ehoa:l like a little time for reflection, my lord,' he said. " In fact, I wish to con sonlt with a friend whom I lets at the village inn. It you will permit me to call again this afternoon. I will give you my decision." Loor Treesitian rcquic ued in his ar rmngmeno. lie arose with his guest, offered him his hospitalities, which were declined and remained standing until the lawyer had withdrawn. When the door had elos?d behind him, he resumes his seat and drew from the desk the papers he had thrown aside at Mr. Jasper's entrance. These he submitted, with a smile, to his bailifl. "Bfead them," he said. " Eove it 1Mr. a'epcr preeses for immediate payment, I have no cause for despondency. You see that my father's specuatolons in those Welsh mines are likely to turn crt well, after all. The aSent eays that he will telegraph immediately if the new vein for which they are looking be discovered." While Lord Tressillian and his steward were thus engaged. Mr. Jasper took his way .long the road toward the village, swinging I is aw!kine- stick as he went, and thinking ;:atent!y. His gaze dwelt appreciativcly upon re kindred estates of Tressillian and Dare, and, as he came within view of Edenoonrt, he permitted his thoughts to wander to its oaaer and its inmmense value. " An Eden, indeed," he muses, pausing after he passed the mansion, and leaning meditatively upon the park railing, while his teen eyes sought out the spotted deer that browed contentedly in the mingled sunshine and shade. "' I should like to have business relations with Sir Allyn Dare. He used to borrow money, they say, in his wild days. P'itvh. hasn't got a son." His reflections were here broken in upon by the sound of a horse's hoofs on the road, and turning, he beheld Therwell cantering lisure!y along, coming from the direction of the village. A look of recognition instantly lighted up hi. frace. the stepped forward, attracting Therwell's attention, and had the satisfaction of being rceougnis'd in turn. " .ir Jasper, I believe?" said Sir Allyn's enemy, reiningin his horse. " Thl same. And you are Mr. Therwell, Sir Allyn Dare's secretary," responded the lawyer, observing the superb steed bestrode hl Tner lil. " I used to lend you money in tie 'lJ daya, you remember?" "Yo.', I remember, and a hard bargain you alwaeys drove, Jasper," said the secretary with a sight laugh. "But I am no longer a poor secretary, nor in Sir Allyn's employ. It was his .cthrr whom I served." "'Fortune smiles then now, I suppose 2" observed the iawyer, beginning to think that an ecquaintunce with Therwell might be desirabte. • Well, yes," was the carelees response; "if her smiles bring wealth, ease, and luxlaury, then she does smile upon me, I might say she actuallylaughs, for I am about to marry the loveliest young lady in the world-a cresture as bright and spirited as a wild fawn, and as beautiful as-as a 'long bank account. I refer to Miss Dare, the future owner of Edencourt." The lawyer's eyes widened to their utmost extent, and brightened in iproportion. "Is it possible I" he asked, almost incre dulously, glanoing first at the large and fair estate spread around him and then at the retund figure and round smooth face of the c?pectant bridegroom. " Some people are k rnforlu.k, Mr. Therwell. I suppose its a g,raine love-match. Miss Dare is doubt. less a' romanticyounglady who despises the usual 'oatine oft marriage, and chooses her late gra?.dfather's secretary in preference to titled gen tlemen 2" Therwell stroked his chin complacently. ' I flatter myself," he said, "that the match is not 'o incongruous. I am here now for the mar.isge." " Indeed if you s.'hold require more money than you mayhave .tt command, I should be happy to honor auy drafts," said the lawyer, obsequioudly.. ' You are very good; bt Sir, Allyn would feclhurtifIapplied to env--one but-him., Besides I have a fortune' o my own, Mr. Jarper." The lawyer professed himself rejoiced to hear it, but with such an evasive lodlr that 'Therwell'dulindhot¥eienienlng?" , ? Ysdz. e Ya uia uol.bnisineissjyt," said the horeeman,stroliing thelong mane of his steed. " What are yoi.!at..Ed?eirille ti onptiy.ebi khnfiocrinto? heaicdl toe •dire~ciEa of Trs.i~fli'a-Hall. "To lend the viscount money ." "Noto iseIe )iilnabouti lisffaler'& debt The old lord owed. me n. consideruble amount, and the young one has to paybis. It will come hard I fancy." -Therwell's indifferent expression gavc way iinstantly to ?ni earnst look.' - " Has he paidy u f~'ho'asked. ".No," replied, the lawyer.. , " He. want time.' Says he can pay me all within' three, year?s bht it will ineonvenienco hint now. I imagine it will, and pretty serionuly, too. Told him I'd see about it. Fact is, Ihaven't quite made up my mind what to do."': Therwell looked abthooghtfol, and a strange 'gleam shot from Lie usually dull eyes. Since the previous day he had conceived a strong hatred forLord Treseillian. He hod grown to regard Ilde 'D:re as his peculiar property, and to feeltoward her a selfish sort of affection. He began to exolt in her beauty and her spirit, and to look jealously on all who won her smiles. At frtt he had an ticipated no danger from her interviews with the young viscount, but since the visit to Oakshaw, and sinoe she had left him behind in the return to Edencourt, he h(d nourished a hitter anger against Lord Tressilliati, who had witnessed his discomfiture and probably exulted in it. He had his eves opened soddenly to the fact that Lord Treesillian was younger and handsomer than he, and better fitted in all manly attractions to win a lady's heart. lie had also discovered that Ilde loved Lord Tressillian, and that she was loved in return with an ardent, tender, unselfish passion, such as he could never feel. In short, ThorwoI, while doubting nothing of his power to compel the marriage, wasyet miserably jealous of his rival. The desire to injure him was strong within his heart, and he rejoiced at th opportunity that fate had thrown in ,is way. After a brief self-com munion, he said : *' I.should advise you to press your claims at once; Mr. Jasper. Or stay, why not transfer them to me ? I will payyon hand somely for them." The lawyer looked keenly at the ex. secretary, but his glances might as well have fallen upon stone. Therwell's countenance was impassive, and his eyes lfad in them nothing except an expression of eager noes. "I suppose you don't like his lord. ship ?" "I'm not fond of him, Mr. Jasper. -But what do you say to my proposal! Is it yes or no ?" For answer the money.lender drew from his pocket a slip of paper upon which was inscribed the sum of Lord Treesillian's in debtedness: Instead of being overcome at the amount Therwell's eyes.sparklrd with pleasure. He saw the immediate disbursement of such a sum might embarrass even Viscount Tressillian, and he became more than ever eager to take the claim upon himself. I will give you a cheque for the amount, Mr. Jasper," he said, with a feigned careless. ness, " if you will make over to me all the papers and notes that belong to the case, and all the late viscount's acknowledgements, with the necessary papers to prove the transfer." Mr. Jasper appeared to reflect. He was annoyed at the result of his interview with Lord Tressillian, and had no hope of ever ob taining anything from' him. He compared Therwell's offer with that of the young vio count's, and speedily made up his mind to close with the former. "I will oblige you with pleasure, Mr. Therwell," he said. "If you will ao company me to the village the business can b? arranged without delay." The ex.secretary, concealing his delight, immediately turned his horse's head toward Edenville, and they set out for the village inn. Upon the way they conversed with considerable freedom and developed kindred sentiments, although Therwell was as guarded and cautions in his speech as usual. Arrived at the village, they stopped at the Dare Arms, and soon after urocseded to the omee or she only attorney Eienvcille afforded. Here the papers were gone over, the necessary documents made out. and the Tfreseillian claims transferred to Therwell, he giving a cheque in payment. The business concluded, the two returned to the inn to dine together, and Hoadley took care to treat his confederate with the servility and obsequiousness he deemed out wardly due to the future master of Eden. court. After dinner, Mr. Jasper hastened back to town, and Therwell set out for Treseillian Hall He had scarcely quitted the high street and emerged upon the country road when he observed a horseman galloping along be fore him in the same direction he was taking. The horseman was well mounted, and some distance in advance. The distance was diminished 's they. neared the Tressillian estate, and when Therwell approached the lodge gates they were flung open for the horseman he had been regarding, and then closed behind him. The next moment Therwell was granted admittance. He strode swiftly up the lime shaded avenue to the Grecian portico, dismounted and knocked at the door. A servant answered the summons. " I wish to see Lord Tressillian," he said, imperiously. " My lord is engaged with a gentleman who has just come from London," was the reply. '" If you will enter, air, I will give my lord your name." Therwell gave the servant a card upon which his name was inscribed, and was ushered into the drawing-room. He was im. patient to behold the humiliation of his rival, and walked about the floor, his hands upon the precious documents that proved the in debte/ness of the late viscount, and his claims to possess the money for it. 1" No mercyl" he whispred tohimself. " I shall like to hear the youngster tell me that he can't pay under three yearsl I I won't grant him more than three days. He will have to mortgage some of his farms, sell some of his lands, or resort so borrowing. Sir Allyn can't lend him a penny. I begin. to feelrepsid for the annoyance I endured yesterday. -" 'My lord' shball pay dearly for his night ride to Oaksehaw with Ilde Dare, and she 'hall suffer too for daring to love him I" With such thoughts as these he awaited the viscount's coming The minutes passed, andstill he wIae left alone. The servant returned to say that his lordship would soon see him, and then left him to himself again, and during that time he chated, famed, and nursed his jealous wrath against the viscouont, and delighted himself with anticipations of the ruin and dismay he would bring upon him, But wheon, at last, he heard a step in the hall, he became himself again, esooth, pleasant, and smiling. Hehad scarcely composed his features, when Lord Tressillian made his appearance. He came in with a faint look of surprise on his faca, but he was perfectly courteous, though very cold in his greetinog. Helooked as though he had justreceivedpleasantnews, for his eyes were full of pleasure, and his manner indicated a sense of relief from some pressing care. "To e wht anm I indebted for this visit I" he asked.. "To business simply," rcepoidedTiberwsll, in-his soft, bland tones, which those who know him best liked least. "Allow me to Iosme to the point at once, my lord. You have received a visit to-day from Mr. Jacob Jasper, of London I" . Lord Tressillian, somewhaet wonderingly, replied in the aflirmative. "'tour late father washeavily indebted to Mr'Jrspeifor' borrowed money'Y"sajd the 'fj'That, I believa, is a fact that concerns onl? dr.aJasper and myeellf,"rcturndl ]the ?/?uannt' oldly mnd hou-httiy. -'~t~t also a' inf tdri 'hich I do h'ib ot'elib'o"S td Eaeus's with any one but Mr. Jasper himsell. dow-nip o-q sition-the good'at ethat prompts your conduct, and to end our inter. " Not so feeat, Lord Treasiliian," exclaimed Therwell, smiling with eratifeiation at the part before him. " I haIlv authority to set in this' matter." "' fail to recognise it," was the. quiet re. .ponsC. " It Mr. Jasper has made you hli representative, he will have to withdraw his authority from you." "Iseeo you do not yet comprehend," and Therwoil's eves glowed, and it required an effort to preserve his impassive expreasion. "You have had the ill.fortone to crose my path, Lord Treesillian, and I never forgive any one who attempts to thwart me. You have had the audacity to lilt your eyes and hopes to my betrotbhed wife-" " Stop.1 You must not speak of Mi~e Dare bythat name to me I" exclaimed theyoung viscount, with flashing eyes. " I do not recognise your claims upon her, and the marriage shall never take place never I" " You will prevent "it, perhaps ?" sneered Therwell. "You had better bestow some of that overflowing enthusiasm upon your pe. cuniary affairs. To como to the point : Mr. Jasper lent your father large some of money to invest in Welsh mines, and foreign rail ways and so on. You asked for three years to pay the debt in. It is my.plcasure to in. form your lordship that 'I have seen Mr. Jasper and purchased from him the entire debt. Hera are the documents to prove my assertion; and I want the money within three days." Ho waited to hear ploealinge or an eaten sion, andlooked at Treseillian, expecting to see him grow pale and faint. Instead, he was astonished to see him smile quietly, and hear him him ask to see the deed of transfer. He exhibited it at once: " I suppose that it is perfectly legal?" said the young visecount, returning it. "You will find so, to your cost, if you at tempt to evade the payment," replied Theor well, surprised into roughness. "Ir said I must have my money within three days, and I will not wait one hour longer." The smile deepened on Lord Tressillian's face. He stepped to the door of the corridor and called some one. His summons was answered by a small, dapper individual, who carried under one arm a bulky port. folio, whom Therwell believed to be the horseman who had preceeded him to the hall. " Mr. Thompson, my business agent-Mr. Therwell, said the viscount, briefly. The two men ekohanged formal hows. "Mr. Thompson has just arrived from town," aaidLord Treasillian, with a tinge of triumph in his tones. " He was my father's busness adviser and counselled those investments to which you have alluded, Mr. Therwell. He has come here to say that the Welsh mines have turned out satisfactorily after all, a new vein having been struck, and hehas sold out my stock at a great adlvance upon their original price. In tact, the money is already placed to my credit in the bank. So I shall not be obliged to ask even three days in which to pay you." Therwell's face lost its color and its de lighted expression altogether. A look of anger and bitter disappointment gathered in his eyes, and his lips fairly trembled with suppressed rage. " As soon as I receive from Mr. Jasper contirmation of this deed of transfer," con tinued the viscount, coolly, your demands shall bepaid to the uttermost farthing. Allow me to bid you good- morning." The discomfited visitor took his leave without a word, his blandness and softness having utterly deserted him. His host followed him to the door and said, at parting: "Accept thislittle cheek upon yourplans, Mr. Therwell, as aignand intunimation also of the frustration of your schemes with regard to Miss Dare. For, as sure as I live, Ilde Dare shallnever becomeoyour wife I" With these words ringing in his ears, and hie .heart - welling withI:-Intene S Wrath, Therwell mounted and rode toward Eden. court. CHAPTER XXXIII. "Ye, Hnoono nayV KNOWN ME ? ETTER THAN TO THREATEN ME I" "For never can true reconcilement grow Where wounds of deadly hate have pierced so deep.":' MITON. It was the evening of the day upon which Therwell had visited Treesillian Hall and eccauntered such complete discomfiture at the hands of its young master. The twi light shadows were gathering around Eden. court, enveloping the mansion, park, and pleasure-grounds in a soft, delicious haze that was inexpressibly delightful after the broad sunshine of the day. It was Ildo Dare's favorite hour, and the young girl was walking slowly up and down the garden path?, between rows of blossom ing apring flowers which seemed to yield their sweetest breath to the declining day. Her delicate figure, robed in the softest gray, relieved only by a fleecy scarlet shawl, seemed appropriate to the hour and the scene. Herpure, thoughtful face, surrounded by a wealth of glossy brown curls, looked almost as if chiselled in marble, and her manner was unusually quiet and self. absorbed. Around her was spread a lovely scene, fii for the haunt of a peri. In the centre of the garden, from which all the walks radiated like the points of a star, was an exquisite marble fountain; the central urn was supported by delicately sculptured figures, which bore their burden with a grace seldom compassed in marble. Over the urn, poised each by one tiny foot upon the brim, stood, in graceful attitudes, a band of water.nymphs who, in playful mood, were flinging water at each other., The crystal dropsa dashed over the flowlog hair of each marble maiden, and then fell with musical miumurs into the basin. Vines trailed along the brim of the urn, entangling the gleaming feet of the nymphs, and drooped in loose festoons over the outer edge of the basin, affording a lovely blossoming frame to the foauntain. But the future proprietresas ctf' theee beauties did not bestow one se ondering glance opon the fountain, nor the flowers, nor the rows of tropical trees planted in boxes which lined the walks, nor upon the many evidences of tasto and wealth that crowded ith aquiet step she walked along, her gray, silken' robe trailing over the gravelled paths, and her..bawl gathered tightly over her breast. She was thinking of what Mrs. Amry had promised her, and was building. hopes upon it. .:She was thinking, too, of her father, andn planning, as she had done continually of late, how to avert from him the conscquences of hisown fatalwcaknese and indeoiaion. Wrapped in reflection shewas not con. ecious of tbo approach of an. intruder until she heard her name pronounced, and beheld Therwellby her side . ' "A pleasant eveniong; Miss Ilde, h~i said, in a pleasant voico, his faca sithoot a sign of the anger that had disfigured it some hours earlier. I" hope you do not find yohraelf greatly fatigued after your long ride to Oak. shaw l" "Thank you, no," replied the maiden, her accent exproesive of haghtioness, as she essayed to pass him. He laid his hand lightly on her arm. " Do not leave me yet?" he eaid,esitbotbly, et in a moice that conveyed a command. I have something to eay you.. Pleaseo "I will hear what you have to say," she answered," but I prefer to walk alofe," He detected her dieliku sud defiance in her tones, and did not press the point. Ilis smooth cur!sv? isy intq an extremely cliO self ample revenge in the future for her I preoent scorn. • '.' Very well, ileIde,"he declared, timing hissCeps tbohere; and-keepingu t-e't side. ." Have your own way no'w, for your days of maiden freedom are numbered. When I first came .here I-saidZyou should have a month in-which'- to 'prepare for our wedding. So far as I can learn you have not commenced the slightest preparation. I have heard of no visits or orders to town milliners 'I have seen no bhustle such as isually preecedes the marriage of a great heiress; no noblo friends have called to con. gratulate you upon your engagement or to pay their, respects to the bridegroom-elect. In short, Miss Ilde, your conduct through. out seems that of one who either has no faith In the projected marriage, or who occupies her time in scheming to prevent it." " Your random guesses havehit the truth, Mr, Therwell," said the maiden, coldly. He did not appear to notice her remark. But his tones had a character of bitterness and anger in them, as he said: "Then I have something else to complain of. You are my betrothed wife, and I do not choose that you should take midnight rides with young gentlemen. I dare say your expedition had the approval of your father. I know you were attended by Miss Aredale and your old groom, still I do not choose that somy future wife should take journeys unattended by me. Do you not know that your conduct has been such as to encourage Lord Tressillian to love you? His lordship actually hopes to make you his wife." "And I hone to become so l" responded lIds, in a low clear tone, while even in-the twilight- it might have been seen that the hue of her cheeks rivaled the vivid eearlot of her shawl. " You do ?" ejaculated Therwell. " Theu you really intend to defy me ? You intend to sacrifice your father to the fancy of a moment? You will coolly witness his ascent to the secafold-" "Hold I" cried Ilde, in a spirited, com manding manner; ." Do not dare to speak to me in that way of my honored father I Have you for one instant believed that I could sit down supinely, without a struggle against the revolting destiny you would force upon me? Have you. imagined that 1 would yield to this horrible fate without first having tried every means of escape ? You have strangely misunderstood me." "No, not so," said Therwell, quietly. "I Sknew you had more spirit than your father, i and therefore was prepared for your visit to Oakehaw. My house-keeper there hlad orders to be on the look-out for you, and to send at once to me instead of the police. But having sought in vain for the written I compact, you must now resign yourself to I your fate." Ilde's silence answered better than words could have done. "Still obstinate, 1 see," said Thorwell. "You would struggle longer, and so tighten your bonds. Do you think it well to excite I your father with false hopes?". " Ishe not dying before my eyes ?" cried Ilde, passionately. stopping and facing her t persecutor. "Does he not fade perceptibly every day under the excitement and anguish ho suffrqag?,'o long as an instant of freedom remains tome I will strive to avert from him the crowning horrors of his sad life. He will die if I marry you. IHe will die if I I refuse. Heaven help him-my poor fa'ther I" The last words were uttered with a wild ness that might have touehrd a heart of stone. But Therwell smiled, and said. I coolly : " Better a quiet death without ignominy than to perish, covered with shame, and by I violence. You suffer, too, I see, my dear I Ilde. Your hopes daily conflict with your r fears, and you will soon be exhausted. In mercy to you and to your father, I have decided to hasten our marriage. The fee tivities I have desired can take plans after I the wedding, which shall be quite private, sI ince you seem to desire it'so. I love you, I Ilde Dare, in my way, quite as well as Lord Tressillian does in his. I appreciate your l beanty. your spirit, your wealth, your social position. I admire your grace, the color in your cheeks, the sweetness of your manner. I am an epicure, and I do not wish the bloem brushed on1 my peach. I mean by that, Ithsa I do not choose to, defer our marriage until grief and despair haves robbed you of your quick, light step,' yotr spirited manner, your soft blushes, and your health. Therefore, I have determined to shorten the term of our engagementto one:single week from to day." " A single week I" responded Ilde. "Exactly that period," was the answer, in a tone of affected lightness. "And I have 1 to request that you will not again see Lord Treesillian. I sent him a note an hour ago, stating that our marriage was to be hastened, and requesting him not to eee you again. So that tic is loosened already." The young girl putut t her hands blindly for support. and caught at the vine-edged basin of the fountain. Her face grew as white as those of the marble nymphs, and her eyes shone with a wild light that was visible even in the deepening twilight. "Only a week I" she said, her thoughts at one blow taking in all that she had to do it she hoped to prevent the marriage. What could she do in seven days? Could she discover the missing witness. Shawerse? Could she find Therwell'e sister, and get from her the written compact? Could Mrs. •Amry bring'her weapons to bear in that brief space of time ? "Ifnot,"thonight the young girl, a start ling idea taking possession of her strong, I ardent soul, and a lofty courage animating I her whole being-" it not, I will defy him to I do his worst. I. will support and uphold I my fathers Therwell shall bring his wit nesses against us-and Heaven defend the right I" This resolve imparted a quiet, calm dignity toher manner that astonished Ther well. She looked at him with the wildness gone from her eyes, and he found himself Snable to read her thoughte. "Yon still grant me a week," she said, I calmly. "For a week, then, I am free, and shahll allow no dictation as to my pursuits. I shall see Lord Tressilian if I choose, or any other friends who may take an interest in me." "Would it not be well to conciliate instead of angering mel" inquired Therwell, annoyed at her words. "You do not, perhaps, realise how completefly you will be in my power after the marriage vows are uttered." " Coward I" cried the young girl, scorn. fully.'* Yon do well to show me still more yoorreal character now. Permit me to end the interview,", With e'stately motion of her head, she gathered her shawl closer and swept past him, taking her way towards'the mansion. He looked after'her, half angrily, half. prcudly. "It will be pleasant to tame the proud little creature," he muttered, stroking his chin. " What delight I shall have in break ing btr in I The time shall come wlen she will be a meek, obedient wife, with no thoughts or aspirations beyond pleasing me, and no fears beyond offlending me. By Jove, I am impnatiet to begin my tasl of taming her." He .leaned against the basin .of the fountain, and indulged in pleasant muas. ings. By this time the heavier and deeper shadows had nestled down upon the scene, and the glerious galaxy of selars were shining in dim and mellow radiance, giving a weird aspect to the lovely garden, with its trees, shrobs, and flowers. ........ Therwell was silent and abstracted, buried in thoought...,Hle did not ee a figuro that raised itself soiselesaly from theshahdow of some bulhes near st hand, nd paused a moment, before attempting to steal away as silently as it had come, It was the filg:e c Mr.lr. Amry. B.She held-tfl'owelh llde ato s grOhg ees; i. tending 'toO.4-ik eit..wihh.'-dthoerti ,ring Tharevel's appiroaeh. had quietly ensconced Sherself benea:h a clump of bushes, and awjsin~ti , dggttý~a L .ýgbgslna. p ,. a vi lbly .litcneeA-to thewrhola of-the con. veroation, and had brcom -awaro of the bhange in Ildo's pfopc.''s. "' She was anxious to follow and comfort her, and believed :that she. could. vanish unseen under the cover of the shado and the, night. ' Sbhepaused only long enough to note the position of Therwell, and then glided away. She had taken; however, but' two or three steps, when she inadvertently trod upon a dry twig, which snapped under her foot, and she stopped abruptly, apprehensive of dis covery. . IHer feaosrs were well founded. That slight, crackling sound in the.still nees of the early night aroused Therwell from his reverie. He started, 'looking around him nervously,.ae if fearing to see again the supposed apparition that had recently appeared to him, and then his keen glances rested upon the dark outline of that crouching figure. With a quick, tiger.like hound he leaped towards her. The woman sprang up and attemptedto flee as she sawhis approach, but she had not taken half a dozen steps when his hand came heavily down upon her shoulder, and she found hereell a prisoner. "A. listener?" he exclaimed, dreggi?g her towards the fountrin, and pausing in the lightest spot.; Let me see your Ince."' The woman hesitated, then shook oft his detaining grasp, and pushed away the close hood that concealed her features. At the eight of them he shrank back with na cy of teorror. " No, I am no ghost, Vincent Therwell," she said, as his wild, incredulous gaze expressed his fear that he was beholdihg an apparition. "I am alive." "Alive " he said, in a shuddering tone. "Alive l" "Yes, Vincent Therwell. Is it so hard to believe." . " But-but I heard youn were dead." "There was snoh a report. I circulated it. I wished you and all who had once known me to believe me dead." Therwell, continued to gaze upon the woman's worn features with silkening terror. His round figure seemed to shrink within itself. His round face seemed to gather itself up intq a thousand wrinkles. His heavy, thick lips trembled, and, he seemed suddenly aflieted as if with ague. Whoever and whatever the strange seem· stress was, she had a remarkable influence over the wicked schemer before her. As she remarked the effect of her presence, IMrs. Amry drew up her tall figure, her face grew stern, and she seemed to assume the character of a Nemesis. "I am alive, Vincent Therwell, and here," she exslainied, in solemn tones that made him shbdder. "Foryears I have followed your steps without finding you. I have traversed this kingdom on foot and alone, in Ssunshine aundin rain, in cold and in heat, and the one thing thathas kept-me alivehas been the. hope of finding you. And at last I hens overtaken you.'" - The last words were spoken exultantly, I nd he heard them. Therwell bent his head I upon his hands in an attitude of despair. " You have not asked why I, am here," said the woman, after a brief silence. . "I knowr already," was the husky response. You car, have butone errand." " s there any good in your heart, Vineent Therwell?' l?e'ed b Mrs. Amry. ". " You seem overcome by the sight of me. Does my face recall happier days, when you were young and unstathed by' crime? Dues it awaken within you a single regret for your career of guilt ?" She knew in her heart that it didnot. But she scarcely comprehended the manner and. attitude of Therwell, and therefore en. deeavored to place the, most charitable eon. struction hpen it. " I suppose," said Therwell, irrelevantly, ' that you have brought officers with you that they are even now in this very garden" .... " No, I am alone. " This was an unfortunate admission. Therwell raised his head with something Iof his former spirit; the livid hue ofhis face gave place to a natural redness, and he, recovered at once his former coolness and self-possession. " "No one knois you are here?" he asked. "You have told no one my story?" "No one." lHow Therwel's eyes gleamed then. '! I have told no one as yet," said Mrs. Amry, feeling uneasy by the change in his manner. -"I know of your doings here, Vincent Therwell.. [ know how you have schewmed to possess the hand of Miss Dare, and with it herfortuneand a eocial position. I know too, how you are oppressaig her Spoor invalid father, who never injured youl" " You do ?" " Yes: and though for years I have I thought of nothing but avenging upon you my own bitter wrongs, I am willing to con sider mercy now, if you will but be just. M1ise Dare was kind tome the other day, and fed and sheltered me, and I would recom. pense her for it a thousand-fold. She is a poor motherless young girl, and I, whom yon have made childless, worse than child ices, feel my heart yearn in pity towards her. Vincent Therwell, if you will release 'Sir Allyn Dare and his daughter, and go away, leaving them to themselves, I will promise to forego my revenge and leave you ' in peace." The strange seamstres. spoke as if she believed he would gladly accept the terms shel ofered. ' You' are mild in your demands,"he replied, with a sneer. " But suppose Ire. fuse?" "Refuse at your peril I" was her stern and quick response. " So surely as you refuse to release these innocent people from the bonds you have placed upon them, so surely will I denounce yon for what you are I [ will even bripg the officers of justice to the house tonight--'" Therwell interrupted her by a cry of rage and fear. His hand disappeared within the breast of his coat, and when he withdrew it he held I within his grasEp eomething that glittered in the starlight. "You should have known me bet!r than to threateof me,"he said, in a bieting tone. "You will roe betray me. Swear to methat you will notl ". It was.a face glowing with murderous intent thr.t hbe turned towards her. His eyes had the ferocious gleam of a wol'e, and his mouth had an expreseion that struck the woman with an instant oedmoprehennion of her peril. - Suddenly she turned to flee. He was ready for the movement.': With a single leap he gained her side, olutched at her throat to prevent -her soreaming. for assistance, 'and demanded her oath of secrecy. ' Though' her tongue was motionleee, her eyes expressed her refusoal. ' Then your blood be upon yiiriEead I' he vaid. . There was a dash Of steel in the dim light a hollow ioadsi; the soui?d of al hedavyJaing body, nad then, cpslas and sered, Therwell rushed rom the gardens,feeling thperand The tetlighsoull - t'rostrate figure in the shadow of the lountainr:' upon-a face ghastl?y' in itpallor t ;ilon5' oy'es"lia'rtared upward vacantly;:?andt upon a2 bosom in which the heait beat faiintly-but still beat. . o ,C'. APT`PERXXXtV.i . - .. " I KNoW TOU, Io SPITE OF ?onU nisonUISE I" The ili.sof vpr npot thosea o ieate, ,tfIar;i These 1 can brave, hbut thIose I cannot beer. ,831Z? '8l . .Thrib idmnia'dae oth' fiest da?odf ciptivity passed without any farther event to Lady Chellies.' Sheiwas.: servedo.with: another supply of breadfandwiater, whiehi.like.thes farmer, she sen awasg; efu!oee. Theje-. upon-tr en atslonof her-arecon rivtstwan" ,ithdrew as quickly as posseibej leaving the young bride tto ihe pleasanfeir soediy of hcer own thoughts, and to the' oompaniaoship of the waves, which beat and chafed rcstessly against the beach without. Having relin quishiod~nll hope of epeedyeaoapeorlibers rion,. itlonly 'remained for the captive to i schol her hesart to patience and resignation, qualities .with which she had become familiar during her long years of imprison ment atthe hands of her relative. She had much to cheer her now that she had not had then. There were hopes and dreams, in noncent girlish fancies now brooding in her heart, to which, until recently, she had been a stranger. Once her life had been devoid of links to the outer world; now she thought of thoone with whom she was eonnected by the nearest and tenderest of all ties, and lived over again the strange scenes of their marriage and his unexpected confession of love at their last interview. Dreaming of him, she forgot the lapse of the hours. She watched the flush of tho sunset on the white created waves, heard without listening the mournful cries of the sea- birds, and did not leave the window even when the cold, gray twilight wrapped sea and land within its misty folds. She sat there gazing into the sombre and deepen ing darkness, with a thoughtful look in her dark eyes--a look that saw not the heavy night shadows, but instead, a sunny happy home at Monrepos, a'home brightened with love and tenderness, a home shared with Sir IIugh. She had nearly forgotten already that her ideal had been a Bayard. The warm, human love proffered her by her husband had almost become dearer in her eeas than all the per fections of the stately old heroes of whom she had ever heard. And thue, thinking and dreaming, she did not notice hbw the night was deepening around her, until an involuntary shivering aroused herfromher abstraction. No lights had been brought to her, and the room had been quite chilly, a cold wind sweeping in from the sea, and entering the crevices of the windows. Cold, hungry, and weary from the effects of the drug, under the inlluenco of which she had been brought to her present abiding place, she dierobed herself in the darkness and crept into her neat little bed. As if to compensate her in part for her sorrows, kind nature touched her eyelids with slot and gentle fingers, and speedily soothed her into swee- slumbers, which were beautified by visions of Sir IIugh, who seemed to plead anew for a love which was not this time denied. In the morning she arnse, refreshed and strengthened, and arranged her toilet with careful hands. The day was chilly, and without a dreary rain was falling, its drops pattering restlessly against the windows, making the most mournful of music. Above this minor moan of the rain was the bitter wail of the angry sea as it dashed upon the beach and then retreated, seeming like a wild beast chafing in its cago. Lady Chellis' evening attire was insufficient, and she sought additional warmth in her thick cloak, and nestled in the depth of her easy chair. At an early hour her frugal meal was' brought, and, as soon as IMra larrat had re tired, sle ate her allewance of bread, and then endeavored to obtain refuge from her physical discomfort in day dreams. This day was'a type of the two that followed. A dreary, drizzling steady rain dioade the scene without painful to look upon and the prison chamber wase gloomy, cold, and unplesant. The conspirators congratu lated themselves that natuie had assisted their schemes by making the house by the i sea intolerable to their captive, and con tinually anticipated the announcement of her submission to their demands. But they waited in' vain..No such an nouncement was made. Calm and resolut, .nady Cbohlis kop Dirm to her resolve not- to yield. She walked backwards andiforwards for hours together for warmth and exercise; she read the few books at her command; she beguiled her solitudeo with songs and. ballads, which she sang softly and dreamily to herself ; she ate the meagre allowanrce of bread afforded her; and never once complained, or showed signs of relenting in her redolve. - The fourth day of her captivity dawned clear and bright. The sunlight poured into her room in golden waves, transfiguring the crimson carpet and pictures on the walls. A genial warmth pervaded every, nook of the now pleasant room, and the captive found herself sofficiently warm without the pro tection of her cloak. Throwing it aside, she seated herself by the window and looked out upon the tran. qiil, emiling sea. The'sunlight bathed her lace-covered shoulders in 'a pleasant glow, and shone amid her dark hair, nestling here and there, in slender, peneil.like rays, or in broad beams that turned to gold the tresses they touched, 'SlSh was lookiig pale, as might have been expected, and her eyes had a sad and weary expression as she gazed longingly out upon the beach. "If I were only free I" she murmured, her hand fluttering like a bird over the import. ant paper she carried in her bosom. "Every moment I spend here may be a century of grief to Ilde Dare. Shall I yield for her sake?" She could not immediately answer the question. Continuing to look out, she observed two figures . sauntering carelessly along the sands of the beach, apparently absorbed in conversation, and in the enjoyment of the agreeable change of the weather. She speedily recognised them as Mr Wilmer and Mrs Barrat. They paced slowly. over the beach until they had gained a considerable distance from the dwelling, and then they disappeared from her view around a projecting and rocky point. ."If I could escape now I" breathed the captive. . The inspiration had been scarcely uttered when a key grated in her lock, the door opened, and Mrs. Gareon entered, bearing a tray. She still wore her print sunbonnet, but it crwas pushed away 'from her hard featured face, and her eyes were fulland keen in her glances. . She same in abruptly, placed the tray upon the table, and stood with her back against the door contemplating the cap tive. " S yon are crazy, ure you f" she.asked, bruequely. . i. Lady Chcllis looked up,with astonishment, scarcely knowing how to reply to this singular address. . ' . , "Do I look crazy I" she asked, quietly, alter thinkig.a moment .... . " " Well,.yes,I think you id, if,.you wish meato be frank," replied iJrla'iisin,i harrey ins LadyhCellis ert.tieally' :'." I 6dw'o I had some: doubts,- but:ih'ey are gone now: Nd sane persoisould owear a:dress like tbhaatat this season of the year. Low nock and oiifi sleeves I of course you are not in your right "But I am in evening dress," said her ladyehip;. "Iwdis selokn froi'my li6ohiii ' night." " I did nibt come: lhere to argue, Miss Wilmer. I haven't time to discuss the sub ject with'you at piicont.I 'Youriiencliibad Mrs. Barrat. haveo.gons.out to walk for an hour or so,'andlI've"brought you a'littli breakfast thatsmaytaste better than dry bread." Lady Chellie did not even look at the :iLam huie n momst have akind lieart" she said, earneatly, "or you wouldn't have 'boighg.mefootti -?mor kelyamiud injnstly imprisoned. Lam no more insane than you are.1' b Wiltmsr has brought me here to compel mq to divide my fortune with him. For yearn he:has 6ppesaedletid !imiprisoned me..expecting to inherit my property. As :sist meto 'Imy freedom, StrdlGarso?irsi drl :wil:lblhslyouie .my ,kreitcest)frietit and .fJl!s4:c ·~srof~o?2? ?b::rL T" 