THE RIVAL CLAIMANTS.` (Continued from our last.) \ The young girl pail 'no heed to his inter. erption. In the second place," she said. "you have planned Redmond Kildare's whole life, from the hour in.which you first knew of his ex istence I In his infancy you planned toumake him some day Earl of Kildare. Thishas been your great object in life. You have schemed and hoped and work'ed to this end. You have lived a life of hypocrisy, with this aim always in view. Yon intend to sweep away every obstacle between Redmond Kildare and the prize you meant him to win, but you waited, with matchless patienoe, until the only ob stacle in the path was one weak, delicate girl, who trusted you, and who had been intrusted to your care. While my grandfather lived, and my father lived, you kept silent. When their death left the way comparatively clear, then you made your treacherous, villainous move l" Michael Kildare's face grew livid. His eyes started from their sockets. An appari tion from the tomb could not have terrified him more than these words from the young girl's lips. Seeing that hoer shaLts had struok home, the Lady Nora continued, with awful stern. ness: "Michael Kildare, I know, from that con versation I overheard, that this young man Bedmond hau no right to the place he'. has stolen. It is still mine in.the sight of God. It must be mine again in the sight of, man l" ' , . *" You know on what termsit esanbe again yours, Nora," said the lawyer shivering. "I will never lend my aid to strengthen that aenrper's claims I" cried the young girL "Did I not love another, I could not marry this man I" The declaration struck the lawyer with all the force of a great and unalterable truth. The gray pallor on his face took a sickly, greenish tint. A red flame leaped to his eyes, and a ghastly, awful emile convulsed his visage. At that moment he was terrible to look poen. Even the Lady Nora recoiled a step, with a sensation of terror. He looked to her,wlth all the softness and smoothness thrown aside, like the incarnation of evil, like the em bodiment of some deadly and awful pur Spose. S"He stands revealedat last l" she thought, in the depth of her soul. "My GodI he is capable of anything I" "Do you know what that last sentence of yours implies?" asked Michael Kildare, in a thick, purring whisper. "Whetever it impliss,I adhere to it," as serted the Lady Nora, with undaunted conurage. Again that ghastly, sinister, awful smile played about Michael Kildare's lips. The, girl fixed her eyes upon him with scathing brightness, and demanded ab ruptly: r' hichael Kildare, what secret tie is there between you and Bedmond Kildare f" The lawyer answered only by a sudden hiss. " Is it that he has promised you money to help him? W?ill he share with you his ill-, gotten gains? Or is there some deeper mys tery behind all this '" Michael Kildare glared at his young kins woman' with a demon's fury. "You know too much, Nora," he hissed. "-1 had been better for you to have played against me a woman'e cunning, had you meant to win, tnsteaddf this outspoken bold sel A coveredhand might have graspeda prize. The hand plainly exhibited may be cout off l Do you understand ?" "I understand," said the young girl, gravely. "But I have not a coward's soul like youn I I have spoken out boldly and fear* leasly, for I am a stranger to what you call a woman's ounning,' and what I term by. pocrisy I I know you an you are, Michael yo -o~t5a5 a pmhspskunowme at.lutanam Iamr I" "And what do you intend to do with your precious discoverips I" sneered Kildare, still in his assing voice. " I do not choose to declare my plans." "You have plans, then I You mean to escape, perhaps-to slip over to England-to see Sir Buseel Rian f And once in the presa ence of Sir Russel, the stern, immacunlate, Pnritan-sonled Anglo- Iriahman, you will on bosom yourself of your suspicions? You will tell him all that you have said to me to. night ? You will repeat the conversation youn' overheard in my house? You will denounce Lord Kildare and me as eonepira tors;and demand that B?dmond's claims to Point Kildare be contested t This is your programme?" ,e The Lady Nora did not reply. Kildare took her silence as consent, and the red fldame in his eyes danced and glowed like a wrecker's flre.'IAnd the demonise look, on his visage grew mole intense. o, I would liks to give you a last chance to patch up a truce,' he said, in a low and fal tering voiece-"alast ohance--" " Then you must promise something new," said theLady Nora. "You have my decision in regard to this fellow-conspirator of yours` Redmond Kildare. I am ready to bear thisn imprisonment as long as your patiqpeo holds out. Sooner or later, of course, you will be compelled to grant me my freedom. You can not aide a woman like me away from her friends a long time without inquiries being made for her. Lord O'Neil will demand my whereabouts. Lady $ Kathleen will inquire for me. Suspicions will light upon you, and you will be oompelled to produce me." As her latest remark showed, the young girl apprehended nothing worse at the hands of her kinsman than a prolonged captivity. As well as she was beginning to know this mild-eyed, smooth-faced man, she did not yet half comprehend his eapabilities for wickedness. Kildare, with the smile we have described seemingly frozen on his face, slowly took up the light, and as slowly opened the door and elided out, keeping his blazing eyes fixed on Nora. Oeo outside the door, he closed it abruptly, locked it, and descended the stairs. MIre. Fogarty, half asleep, was awaiting hip return in the lower ball. "The saints be between us and harm I" she ~'ijwilated.n.d " Why, your-honor looks as if :'you'had soen a ghost I" SI am in bthe humor tomake one I" said the lawyer;grimly. "My ward anuses me a great deal of trouble. Mrs. PFugurty. We shall have to keep up this system of bread and water and cloe conflnoeent. Bat I am afraid that even these things will not break her spirit I" " II couldn't break her spirit, I'd break her head, a? my old man used to ny of me," said Err. F.,garty. coarsely. "Tne girl's as obstinate ae a mule, and har nearly worn the' life out of me. And the way she's hrieked for help at times has been enough to make one'shair etand on endl List niglt 1 ex pected to see the police rnush in all the way from Dublin. let slone the neighbors I You'll neser do anything with her. your honor, and may aes well let her ot at wunt i" '" Ynu think so " t'I do. ' If she won't marr the man bshe'd ought, why, you'll have to'it her throw her self away, your honor. She ain't to' be driven I" A lock came upon the lawyer's face that made the old woman treoble. ' - " She will makoe me troublt," he 'mutterd, "unleis I do eomsethiog. I wish I had the rign sort of man to help me planand ano. I wish-" ' ' ·'" ":-:' " \- "Sore'hi devil will send the man nii're, wantino?, eaid Mrs Fogarty," conviceed that 'the "'hep·' Kildare 'rqoired wa of a deceeiption whiehthe'fatlr ef 'evel' . wtold delight in. 'Y You've o0nly to look Arc h1ns juno'nre a stealthy tread ?re hebad on the steps without. : .'' Toe lawyer anad the widow were ralik? ilent. e~l former iisnifsiotivly ' lniildtd tie light SThen the door .-v tried from the ountide.: t didnot ..d. Tbhe next minute 'there was a low,-grating; resping cound in the lock, asoft one turning the key with a borolar'e implement. The lawyer drew a plstol ready for use. l re. Fogarty turned sick with terror. Presently the door was pushed softly njar. It opened more and more widely, and a man's form wriggled through the aperture into the hall. There was one moment of wild astonish ment on either side, and the intruder wsee about to retreat, and Kildare, who had shrunk back to the wall, was about to fire, when hIrs. Fogarty, with a shriek of joy, bounded to ward the door, crying out: " It' Tim I t's my boy Tim come home " It was indeed Tim Fogarty, alias Murple. Baseantyne'e quondam valet, and in most wretched raise. And at eighl of his villain one face Kildare put up his pistol and his face Rlowed with delight. "The devil has sent me the help I want I" he muttered. "And jut in tim ol" (To ble Continourd.) 