Possibilitics of the Bells. B.! lringela ought to he able to give a ch'a"e of bill at every performance. It is curious to notice what a variety of changes can be r:, con bllia. Eight notea will give 40., i i-ff rent me--?agee, and ten notes :,C.3a 6-0. roe chugoes which may be wrong on twelve bells are 479:001,600, which, at the rate of two strokes a second, will take nire:y-one years to ring. Another authority Eaye, upon the calculation of ringing 720 cha?-as in an hour, it would take an inese rant iriging of thirty-seven years to comr plate 47:.00.0,000. Fourteen helle, at the rate fir't given, would take 16,575 years to accormp vh the charges, and upon twenty four bcels the chr.rgcg could not be rung in Lkst than 117,000 b:tions of years, and no concert company is likely to hold together far '- easeon " of that length. Spaukig of the total depravity of human nature, t.:e you ever noticed that nothing makes a doctor so happy as to discover some n-? ditecte2 Small Bay : " There's one thing in the lBi. Su stya sh:e', lito to cha:ge." Miniestr : " Inijoesible I What can it be, my young man I" Small Boy : "Her aeg, sir." Are you sure it was the spirit of Lind. y7 :idurray who came at the medium's cdll " 'Oh, yeT, he Eaid 0o himself. I said, 'I wont the spirit of Lindley Murray,' and the ghost replied : ' I'm him.' " An electrician has invented a wonderful wate, that will tell a man when his note is commig doe. Ills watch would be a great deal rre reemarkbhle, as well as useful, if it would tell the men where to get the money to ray the note. Old gentleman (at his daughter's wed. diu.): .' My dear, I don't see how I am to get along without yen." Bride : "Never mind, pa. Since the cere mony was performed my husband has con fto-ed that he ha~na enough saved to go to hcuekeeping, so you may not lose me after i Architect (displaying the plane) : "Here is ate front elevation, with the outside win dow and cdreClar gallery; this is the east elevation, ehowing criel tower," Teddy (enormously interested in the new hoe-?): "And where are the two mortgages ps raid he was going to put on." HotelWaiter: "A man is raising a di-. turbance bocoa?e he can't get his usual teat at the tab's." MEneger: "Go in and propitiate hi-" in some way." Waiter (in dining-room) : "Here you I If you don't like the way thires are dione here, get out, or I'll propi:iate go:n precty Quick,", 