THE MYSTERY OF M. FELIX. 1JY is. L. FARJEON', Author uf "Great Porter-square," "Miser Farebiother " Sls. AC. CHAPTER LIL—(Concluded.) "Am I inoluded in this sweeping condemnation?" I asked. "You are. The police I can excuse, but not a man of your discrimination and logical power." "What fixed point, Bob, did I, in common with every out; else, start from in wild directions "The fixed point,"replied Bob, "that M. Felix is dead." ," But he was proved to be dead." "Nothing of the sort. There was no postmortem—there was not even an inquest. He is said to have died of heart disease. He lies inanimate on a bed for an inconsiderable number of hours, and then he disappears. My dear Agnold, have you ever heard of such a thing as suspended animation V' " Of course I have." • " Have you ever heard of a person falling into a trance, and remaining to ail appearance dead for three or four times as many hours as M. Felix lay before he disappeared? People have been buried alive in such conditions: others have been happily rescued at the moment the lids of their ooffics have been about .to be screwed down. 1 can furnish you with scores of instances of this kind of thing." "There is no need; I know that they have occurred. Tour theory opens out a wide field of possibilities. Then you believe that Sophy ' was right—that she did see, not M. Felix's ghost, as she supposed, but M. Felix himself in the flesh?" " It is my belief. Sophy is no fool; she has the nerve of a strong and healthy man; Bhe does not believe in the supernatural; she has a heart susceptible of such kindness as you have shown her, but she is at the same one practical and hard-headed. Agnold, M. Felk is alive." "Do you argue that he simulated death in the first instance for the purpose of carrying out some plan?" . • "No. His apparent death was not a triok devised by himself. He had a seizure undoubtedly, to which he was compelled to ' succumb. After a time he recovered, and for • Lis own ends resolved to take advantage of the opportunity. to disappear, whether per- • manently or not I cannot say. He had a per- ' feet right' to do as he pleased with his own ; body, and he had good reasons for the device. He was. threatened on two sides. Choosing far certain motives to drop his proper name of \- .Leonard Paget and to adopt that of M. Felix, : be finds himself suddenly standing on a rock ' with a preoipioe yawning on each side of him. A bold movement on the part of his ^-in-law burls him into one; a desmovement .on the part of Dr. Peters- . iien hurls him over the other—either way, ' destruction. Of the speoial power whioh Dr. ' PeUamaon holds over him I am ignorant, but it ' must be very potent. We are acquainted, However, with tne power his sister-in-law holds over hi™. Her marriage proved, his life has > been one long fraud, and he could be made to \- jpky the penalty. Her unexpected presenoe in Tjondon confounds him, and ne Bees before him ' - but one means of escape—flight. On the night of-his supposed death ne has had two agitating \- interviews, one with Dr. Peterssen, the other • with 'his sister- in-law. She, waiting in the ; street to obtain an interview with H. Felix, overhears words which unmistakably prove ' that Peterssen has him at his mercy. Peteresen threatens to ruinM. Felix. He refers to a pleasant partnership in Switzerland nineteen 1 Tears ago. He asks M. Felix if he has forgo t- tqa his brother Gerald. Then he goes into the V bouse with this precious Felix, and when he , ianeft bom-it he nas in his possession the desk whioh is now on the table before us. After that, the lady in whose behalf we have been \- Working obtains admission to' die house and confronts the villain who has ruined her happinees. We know what passed between them. • We know that M. Felix was. worked up to \- desperation.- The excitement was too muchfbr *he plausible scoundrel, who saw the sword " about to fall'upon him. He staggers into his bedroom with the undoubted intention of get- ' tang his revolver; he presses.his hand to his heart; he sinkB into a chair and becomes insen- ' able. He is toall appearanoedead,.and is so pronounced. : On the following night wheiuhe • fefcovers "his -Bebses,..he bails the mishap as a fortunate chanoe ; he resolves to disappear,- and so put his enemies off the scent. Now, • foppw me. Sophy is bdow in bed. Shebears 'tr ^jg upper partrof thehofose; the upstairs fromthe basement as < lownstairs froni- tas" apart:. menta. v-He- date -not betrayJii'iiBelf.-^ He seizes her, disgnises his, voice, and works upon " "SH»--. r Exit M. Felix jfor as long or as .Atuneaahe pleaeee, he-is dead, to the. ^'Itiis a' wpnder Tifi doesnot tafie his. " a him, but that is an oversight Ttt Bone cannot tMnk of .everything, pia—4or there is work for us to do, ^ .ibis- oversight -will work in -oar .' (:I - do ^iot despair of tracing,the reiiacoji ytfU. 'did a good etroke when' you ^-anfetedown such a description of ths weapon \- 'ift will .enable you to identify it. There -^is ^o'.'robm for. doubt that tbe man -who ^pitefe^ jiMaself tp Mrs Middlemore as a "and who -eent her on a' false " i»t:R>w-£tEeet 'Police "Station was y .Pe^sr^au- JUOM in M. Felix's room he approi-iiriiAesthe revolver; other things as well, psr- :<"tiaps ybut of.therevolwr we are morally' «>n-. • Wjitl ji Eia^bjecit in goiiwiterB ? I doubts of m. Felix's it :%o'.'be ; a trick, and he \- thuub. Winfty fin£ m-M. Felix's ' rooms which will jpgft him on" toie track of the • man who had dipped qut-p($iis power. Reason- In'g thfe myfeteiy oat in this open way is very ' satisfactory - Agnold; Mists disappear; we ,V «ee'jtbe ligfit. . How'd'oes it strike you ?" '• j, "Ton have odnvfiioed me. Bob," I said. We- •will .pursue the.matter a" little further. 1£ : Felix is a man who is fond of pleasures which, can be purch^ed onjy. with money. Do you think he would voluntarily deprive himself of- : the.meabaof obtaining it—for this is what 'his DISAPPEARANCE would lead him' to, BO long as he cSose to, conceal himself " ' ' ; i-^Kot.at all likel^," replied Bob -with a • ,lau>wing look. Can enlighten you on the \- point. It happens that I am acquainted with • the Manager of the branch Bank at which M. ' Fejix kept an account. After you had en- ' lifejed me |p the present cause I beoame in- ; -tereBted.in everything concerning ML Felix, ^and -in a oonfidential conversation with the • Bulk -Manager I asked him whether M. Felix • had a'latge balance standing to- his oredit I .' leutit that he never bad a lar^e balance at the . ' that he had - certain • bonds' and . •bnit-n it->rhioh he' himself was t^bte custodian. \- OrdiBKrily one' entrusts such securities to ths \- «afcr custody Of the- Bank whioh transacts his .* Luni>^ ; bntit was not so with M. ®dix, and , _<fi^ .frt?trleadB to the presumption tEat it was . ins. habit to "keep himself personally possessed .- ofnegotiable property in preference toraitrnst- . ingitto otiter keepmg. From time to time "* t«Boueg from stockbrokers were paid in to the drwit of M." Felix. In every instance the was cot allowed to lie in the ,.£ank . |or - longer than a day or twp. -•.Mi • J'elix i • invariably drew his own . cberjne- for ^something near th6 amount of \- thflast dcpofcit,receiving payment-in gold • ai|dSaiik licCes: Two days before his supposed \ death oheque' for six th0UB&nd; pounds odd *, vra^ paid fn tobis credit, and on the following • morniiig'be #ent to the Bank and drew out six -'•tfodiUand'iMttiids in notes of various desaminatitThs, Jijg numbers of which of course are : liiidftji'. " JThua, unless he pud this money tnwiy, whieli is not at all likely, he most have bean-in possession of it when he disappeared. • I am "of the opinion that he had much more than the" amount I have named, and if so he WDB well provided for. The peculiar position '.in. which he stood would predispose him to keep always by him a large available sum of \- money in case of .some emergency arising ; an emergency did arise, and he could snap bis \- fingers at the wGrld, so far as -money was coo- ' ccrn>d." . "This is a piece of valuable information, .Bob. Do you kno^ if any of these last Bank ' notes have beeiipresented for payment?" . *'I do not. ,sThere was nothing to call for special inveettgation into the matter. . '.'«* But theiMtes 6aa be traced." '.. " Perhfijjs. Ths b&Bit; of a man to keep large sums by him is generally of long standing, and ' ' Petwrssen was probably acquainted with M. 'Felix's peculiarity in this respect. The visit ..' be paid to Mrs. Middlemore and thfe plan he . carried into effect for being left alone in the bouse may have been inspired by the hope that he would discover one of M. Felix's hidingplapes for his money. I conclude that he was disapiiointed ; on the night of M. Felix's disap ; jjearanco he left no money behind him. Too .. old a bird for that." .. The earnestness with which Bob had set forth '. his -views had caused him to forget his culti- \- *r*ted method of speaking in short sentences. Nftw he relapsed into it. "Adoptingyour.theory," I said, "that M. Felix is living, do you think" that he and Dr. Peterefen have met?" • "Should say not. To-night—when Sophy i>nw his ghost—was probably on his way to Tylnoy House. For what purpose, to us unknown."| • " Bob, you said there was work for us to do. I confers myself at a loss how to prooeed. M. Uordier's virit to you and his appropriation o c the doenment hidden in the secret drawer have snapped the threads of my plans. Have you anything to suggest?" "I have. Early to-morrow morning endea- ' vnur to find M. Bordier. Then consu't with him." "You do not propose that we Ehould leave this spot at orfce." '" "No If M. Bordier is not in the village, do pomething else before leaving. Pay a bold visit t (» Tylney House." " For what purpose J" "Confront Peterssen. Ascertain if M, Felix has been there." " Paha I We can get nothing of Peterssen." "Not so sure. He is hard up. Offer of a good reward too tempting a bait not to nibble at." "Why, Bob, those are very nearly the words M. Bordier used to Emilia, and your scheme is the same as that which he suggested." "Proves it a good one. M. Bordier a wealthy man, I judge?" " He is." " Wouldn't mind expending money to bring matter to a satisfactory conclusion ?" *' He has said as much." " Word to be depended upon?" "Thoroughly." "Depend upon him, then, for the needful. Peterssen will bite." " And if he does not 1" "Crawley, the keeper. Remember what Sophy overheard him say. If ho had a hun dred pounds he would out the cursed concern and go to America. Emphatic—and doubtless true. Two birds to shoot at. Peterssen missed, Crawley remains. Aim well, bring him down." " To-morrow morning, early, we will resume work. Bob." '* The earlier the better. Good night."' 