Consecration of the Catholic Cathedral at Ballarat. (Argus ) Ballarat, Sunday. The consecration of St. Patrick's Cathedral took place this morning at 11 o'clock, and was of a most imposing character. The foundation-stone of St. Patrick's Church was laid by Bishop Goold on February 7, 1858, Messrs. Shaw and Dowdell being the architects, and the church was dedicated by the same prelate on No- vember 8,1863, Dr. Shiels preaching the sermon. At this time Father Madden was in charge of the parish, but he shortly after left, and was succeeded by Dr. Shiels, afterwards Bishop of Adelaide. The church was on several occasions added to, until in 1865 Dean Moore, who had in turn succeeded Dr. Shiels, let a contract .for the completion of the church, minus the tower and spire, which are yet to be built, the price being ¿825,350. This work was completed in 1869. In 1874 Dr. O'Connor, the firat bishop, was consecrated at Borne, and the edifice, therefore, became a cathedral. The total cost, including the making in Borne by Señor Leonardi, the famous marble worker, to special order, of the marble altar (¿81300), and the outlay on windows, pulpit, tiles, &c;, amounted to about ¿840,000. The building is of Gothic design, and waa planned by Hansom, of Melbourne, originally for St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne. A new marble altar of the severe Gothic type has recently been erected, the table on which is 9 feet in length, the reredos being about 20 feet, and the top pinnacle surmounting the canopy about 14ft. The table, as well as the steps and predella, are of Carrara marble, and present a pretty contrast with the other surroundings. The antependium is en- crusted with alabaster and malachite, and the same materials are also largely used on the wings of the tabernacle, on which are foils of lapis lazuli. The encrusted work of the altar is mostly of antique marble, the colonettes of the eanqpy being in rosso-antico. Carrara marble altars for each of the side chapels are also en route to Ballarat from .Bome. Becently the cathedral has been closed for very extensive improvements and decorations, and no other cathedral or church in the colonies offers a prettier, though appropriately subdued, spectacle as the interior of this edifice. The central window over the altar, which was supplied by Messrs. Clay- ton and Bell, of London, at a cost of ¿8500, to the order of Miss Carpenter, is of Gothic design, and represents the scenes of Calvary. The windows to I the right and left of the altar represent respec- tively the "Virgin and Child," and "The.Last Supper." In the chancel are four symbolical figures of the evangelists, which were purchased by Bishop Moore in Austria for ¿8400, and by him presented to the cathedral. A new oaken pulpit, and a handsomely- draped throne have also been recently erected. The internal decorations, which have cost be- tween ¿8800 and ¿E900, were carried out by S. W. Mouncey, who came specially to Victoria some years ago to supervise the decorative work at Mr. Joseph Clarke's mansion at Toorak, and who more recently has carried out similar works at Government House and at Sir W. J. Clarke's Sunbury residence. The decorations are in keeping with the*Gothic style of architecture. In the nave over each arch the orna- mentation is of a tile pattern on a biscuit ground, the upper portions being in yellow drab, with a handsome blue frieze and ornaments in two shades of biscuit colour, with crimson and gold. In the transepts and side aisles the painting is of a rich terra cotta, with a handsomo blue frieze, the whole being finished around with an artistic dado and rail, and presenting a most charming and pleasing blending of colours. The ceiling panels of the chancel are set off in sombre blue, with a biscuit colour ornamentation and gold, outlined in rich wood colours, while the walls are of deep crimson, with a diaper of golden-shaded Gothic ornaments. The background is of old gold, ornaments of senna and blue being surmounted by the shamrock pattern in bronze. The tables are* of a light green, with a massively gilded crimson background. A magnificent dado, with an illuminated hand painted rail in bronze and gold, forms the base of the chancel. The ceilings in the side chapel are in pale blue, with wood colour and crimson ornaments, and the walls are of a deep green, with another dado having an illuminated hand-painted rail in bronze and gold. On the arches and side columns appear massive and commanding decorations, the back-ground being picked out in crimson and blue, hitched with bright gold. On the column bases are imitation fretwork adornments, with a wine-colour and cinnamon skirting. The organ has not been overlooked, the pipe3 being brilliantly decorated in colours that favourably contrast with the surround- ing shades and colours. Mr. Monncey paid par- ticular attention to the effect ->f the decorations under different lights, and the effect by gaslight is a transformation after that of the subdued daylight, though in both cases the effect is striking and eminently agreeable to the artistic senses. Long before 11 o'clock the church was crowded, and numbers were unable to gain admission. High Mass was celebrated by Bishop Moore, as- sisted by Dean 'Hoyne and the Eevs. Father O'Farrell and Doyle, Dr. Delaney acting as master of the ceremonies. Thirty-two acolytes were also engaged. Grouped around the altar were Cardinal Moran, his secretary (Dr. O'Haran)^ Archbishops Carr (Melbourne), Eeynolds (Adelaide), Murphy (Hobart), Dunne (Brisbane), and Bedwood (Wel- lington) ; Bishops Corbett (Sale), Beville (Sand- hurst), O'Eeilly (Port Augusta), Dnnn (Wil- cannia), Torreggiana (Armidale), Moran (Dunedin), Murray (Maitland), Dr. Higgins (assistant bishop of Sydney), Monsignor O'Hara, and Messrs. N. Fitzgerald, D. Brophy, I. Coghlan, and W-»H. Archer, Knights of the Order of St. Gregory. A special chorus and orchestra, under the leadership of Mr. B. Wrigley, rendered Zingarelli's " Laú- date," and Hammel'8 'Mass in E flat, the soloists being Mrs. Palmer, Madame Christian) Signor Buzzi, and Mr. J. D. Burton. The music was splendidly rendered by a select choir of about 100 performers, nothing'equal to it having previously been heard in Ballarat. The Cardinal-Archbishop (Dr. Moran) preached the sermon, taking hia text from Hebrews iii., 22 and 23. He congratulated Bishop Moore and the people of Ballarat on the consummation of years of patient labour. The architectural beauty of the building, its richness of ornamentation, its sanc- tuary, altars, and stained glass windows made it a monument worthy of the city and the liberality of the citizens. It was also a lasting monument of religion, and would be to generations yet unborn a record of zeal and piety. A hundred years pre- viously the darKness of paganism reigned through- out Australia. Now the light of Divine truth shone brightly throughout the length and breadth of the land, and an enlightened people, proud of the freedom which was their birthright, had erected numberless monuments of benevolence, education, and piety to prove their gratitude for the divine gifts they had received. The cathedral was the principal church of a- diocese and was symbolical of Christian unity, one faith, one baptism, one fold. Enlarging on the characteristic unity of the Catholic Church, the Cardinal said that there was nothing more common at the persentrday outside the Catholic fold than,an indifference to that unity with which Christ enriched his church. Men of the present day, in their lust for political power or material gain, held that religious tenets should not be allowed to stand in the way of the practical af- fairs of the world. The whole spirit of the age was one of compromise. With the Protestant clergy the greatest problem now discussed in the Press; the pulpit, and on the platform was how to bring together conflicting heresies and scattered sects, in order that by mutual concessions they might arrive at some form of ogreemeat and devise a broad basis of doetrine in which all might concur. 'It ap- peared to have been generally accepted that all should by mutual concessions fashion for them- selves a diluted form of Christianity to serve as a common creed for all. The Catholic Church allowed no compromise in matters of faith, and her history for the past l8 centuries showed conclusively that she had not been unfaithful to one particle of the divine heritage. No matter how great the object sought to be gained by those who wished the church to make concessions on points of doctrine, she had always been true to the principle that there could be no middle way between truth and heresy. Beferring to the Education question, the Cardinal said that the Catholics recognised the vast im- portance as a bulwark against secularism of religious instruction for the young. The secularists,, if they achieved their objects, would spread the fatal blight of paganism over the fair land in which so mnch had been done during the past century for promoting the knowledge of God and the glory of His name. In concluding, the Cardinal said that the ohurch, though closely beset hy enemies, was shining out as brilliantly as at any previous stage of her history, and it would be as vain to try and destroy the Catholic Church as to attempt to tear iown the throne of the Creator. This evening, Dr. Redwood, the Archbishop of Wellington, conducted V espera, the church being again crowded, and a special musical service being again rendered. Mrs. Palmer sang " With "Verdure Clad," and Madame. Christian was very effective in the "Ave Maria," while the '. O ! Salutaris," by Signor Bazzi, and the "Tantum Ergo," by Mr. Burton, were exceptionally well rendered. The Arch- bishop delivered a sermon on the Doctrine of Faith, which he analysed from the standpoint of the Roman Catholic Church, pointing out that without faith society would get into a very dangerous state. The absence of faith caused communists to attempt the destruction of property, socialists the destruc- tion of family relations, and infidels the destruction of religion. In tbe afternoon Bishop Moore entertained the visiting prelates, and about 200 other guests, at Holy Ghost College, the host occupying the chair. The Bishop proposed the toast of the Cardinal, whom he sincerely thanked for his attendance, and to whom he paid a high tribute for hiB eminent services to the Catholic Church. He wa3 not divulging a secret when he said that he hoped shortly to hear of the Cardinal being appointed ecclesiastical historian for Australia. The'Cardinal, in responding, said that each time he vißited Ballarat he came with increased pleasure, and always derived some usefnl knowledge by his visits. Ballarat had been blessed by Providence in the possession of their bishop, under whose hands institutions had sprung up like magic. Any one of the many recent additions would be sufficient for half a dozen years' building in any other city. The marvellous harmony prevailing in Ballarat secured his admiration. Whatever industry was estab- lished in Australia, Ballarat did its share. He concluded by proposing the health of Bishop Moore, who he hoped would long be spared to carry on his wonderful works of benevolence and charity. Bishop Moore briefly responded, and proposed " The Illustrious Archbishops and Bishops pre- sent." Archbishops Carr, Redwood, Reynolds, and Dunne, and Bishop Murray responded. A number of other toasts were also honoured. 