IS CHURGHiGOINGi iGNITHE/ DECLINE ? ! The following is aniaddress'oii' the/cause of( falling-off in attendance at oliurch, and on what: might be done to - arrest it. , ,It was delivered at a meeting of tho'SVnod 'of 'Fife/ abribt March: 1890:— ' ' V " \- That there is less churoh-going now. tha, mthero; was some years ago oan hardly bo doubted. The obligation to atl find/the? BefvioosTdf /thoi churoh on the part of our young people isicertairilynot felt to the.aamo .extont .as.it, .qsed. to be. Crowds of people 'meei.'you on their' way' to/the o'duntry' on Sundayi afterhooris", '.'arfd';it. ig':q'uite .ovidsnt that on mOst of ,thom. tho ahurch has lost its hold. It ia. quito.pdssible,'/as a previous Speaker' states, that tliejq.may.1not.haye .been niueh real religion in a great'doalofthe church-going that formerly. pvmled,: preyen in that.strictnoBa of olwervanco thatonco Vharacte'rised' our S'opttish Sabbath ; but no onecan obsorre without 'qlariln the t-endenoy to hfealc aWaylfromrilioth.!. Ars/ t'p. the causes. One thing I feel suro'df ia/thab the pulpit is largely. resppnsiblq,fqr.-,muoh of the: evil. : I hav.riHhoprivilego'-df/liehring a: grorit many of our best preaoliers, :aud while the ser- i mons aro qblo and oultured.Vl/tKink' I eari de-". teck in themlwlikf'-I- aW-'sadly -' ooriscirius ' of ' iii myself— a certain; weakening fqf the "accent of-, conviction " that onco characterised our pulpit. There are some-thipgs about which wq- aro ..not so cock-surd.asob'i,,:'fMh'brkvwere;' bub 'I'do riot think, that we speak out with - suffiisibht 'confi dence the truth that G.od .hath jjivonuK." Aiiiri, if any preadliSi''i4'bri'takb!hfs bBiVgregatiori witli him, ho must begiu.ak .the Ipoirit of sympathy. . It secmB tq nio/that with reapect.to a' large olass of peoplo .that/ippint ,-is; riiuoh, lower. tharil, we think. As to the remedies. I do ndt think that .we can hope much from the remedies that have bcen.iiugges.ted , .viz. , the int.roduo.tion_of. instru mental music aud tho uso of limited liturgies. It we givo our people the impression that wo rely on such tilings to attraot, we shall soon find that .we are bejyton. before wo have begun by churches- that hav,6'gbbo"lriuoh further in that direction than wdWe likely/ to' go." I nio,d riot add that, we ougtti to,(Tv6id!sbnaatiprialiqm' and all tricks', to got an audioticS/ wlrioh ddgrada tho church iff the syoAof hion to the light ! of a travelling circus, vlt' beams to mb that what is wantb'd. is a freslier and moro everyday ktyls of preaching, brightaE but riot ribceasnrily: shorter- kbtvicfiq." . Again, thsrb-ought. to bo moro. of cpnsUrit yjsi- .' tation arid direct personal contact/ with mcnl The oliurch mus t he more - aggressi ve ' thali. (ihb, has been.! The second sorvioe, whether in. the.: afternoon or evening, ought to be of an entirely, different" cKaraotor from the 'first. Those who attend tho morning servico ought to he induced to bring out their neighbours and friends to the seoond service, whioh- might be occasionally evangelistic. Social questions might then be disoussed, and the Gospel brought to hear ou matters ofeveryday life. . Around every congrega tion of f: about T500 riiembbrs thero is always a loose fringe/of men and worneri who "drift under! the influence of the church for a few weoks, arid if not laid hold of, fall away. These ought to be visitad onoo a fortnight at loant, for -man is always b'est influenced by the personal presence of his fellowmari. It is surely not too riirich to expeot that a congregation of 500 members should (yield eight earnest workers, eaoh of whom might undertako to visit, five families every foj-triiglit," and encourage, them, to attend the services, of God's house. Better have five earnost workers than a score of half-hearted ones. Jesus -oallod two at first, then added otliors until- he had 12. Above all, wo need moro tliau .ever a- fresh baptism of the, Holy Ghost. ! ' - //."// 