forreapondence. THE COMMONWEATH OF AUS TRALIA ACT. TO THE EDITOR. Sre—Attention has been drawn to the absence of all reference to God as the Supreme Baler of nations in connection with the deliberations of the Federal Convention, and it ought to be pondered by every colonist, whether lay or cleric, and a determination made by them— " We will have the foundation stone of this Federal Australasia laid in acknow ledging the God who has given us these beautiful lands." Other foundation can no man lay than that which is laid in Christ Jesus. Without God, the Holy Ghost, such deliberations cannot but fail. The prevalent idea is that every thing religious, political, and social has to be sacrificed to materialism. In the destruction of Tyre, with her commerce and greatness, have we no lesson to learn. Should not her downfall teach us the adoration we ought to pay to the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. We cannot do without God's best blessings on the land ; but our political and educational establishments are worked without any reference to the Giver of all good. He, in his great love, has cleared off the depression from which we suffered so much in South Australia, and yet we continue to ignore him in our councils and in our schools. Statesmen make a point of ignoring Him. No opening religions -service to ask His divine guidance in constructing their policy at the Federal Convention, and no protest from our Christian churches on the subject. The Bishop of Sydney deserves commenda tion for his collect. We bave no states men that come up to these men of God —Joseph, Moses, and: Daniel. Why, Because they looked to God for wisdom. It is the same now as in the days of old, and unless our so-called Christian churches wake up to the fact that they are to a large extent helping to .do the devil's work by allowing a secular form of education to mould the rising genera tion, they will find their mistake out. Let them show the same zeal as the Boman Catholic Churoh do, and under take the work themselves. Prevention is better than cure. As Mr. Owen says, we pray " Thy kingdom come," instead of which we are putting the greatest stumbling blocks in the way. We put this question to every minister of every denomination, the words of our Blessed Lord, " Shall he find faith on the earth ? " and we answer he will not if the, present altitude of the Protestant churches goes on. His second coming will find us in the position of the people in the time of Noah, eating and drinking, entirely given up to material things, a show of Sunday work to do for the week, which is not practical Chris tianity. With reference to the removal of three of our Australian statesmen, The Southern Cross of Friday, April 3, says:—" It is well calculated to smite the statesman of Australia with awe and fear that there sits with them an in visible silent presence, who may, without warning signal, call them to account. At the same time it is a lesson to the public to consider the wear and tear of official life." In our connection with Australian affairs let us not act as if it were true, " My enemies are those of my own household." This is what we are now doing. Let us undo it at once. I am, Sir etc., MERCATOR. P.O.—When the Desire ot all nations comes, what will he say to onr Christian churches bolstering np a godless system of education, supporting political organi sations dead against the'extension of His kingdom and in the worship of Mammon, the church bearing off the palm for covetoasness. Christians pre pare the rising generation for the time "when crowns and sceptres shall be cast at His feet. The Lord of Lords and His Christ." 