Patochml Intelligence. St. Jude's Oablton. — The memorial-stone of the new school was laid by the Bishop on Saturday, 7th November, and proved a very interesting ceremony. There waB a large attendance of parishioners and friends, for whom good accommodation was provided. The build ing, gaily decked out with flags, and the clergy in their robes, contri buted to a very pleasing spectacle. The clergy present were the Eevs. Canon Handfield and Canon Chase, the Revs. J. M. Watson, E. Short, ,u. uaion, w. w. manteu, jb. j. rrice, j. r. oiretcn, w. j. Armstrong, W. Parkes, and M. M. Whitton. The order of service was one very suitable to the occasion, drawn up specially for the parish of St. Mark, Fitzroy, and approved by the Bishop. The choir, under Mr. Coutts, did their part admirably. At the appointed place, in the, service, the Vicar, in a few introductory words, invited the Bishop to perform the ceremony, calling first upon Mr. Henry Eickards to read the scroll which it was intended to deposit beneath the stone, and which recorded facts concerning the school, and the purpose of the new building. There were also inscribed thereon the names of the Bishop of the diocese, the Vicar of the parish, the churchwardens and vestrymen, and the superintendents of the Sunday-sehoolB (Messrs. W. Bleasdale, A. Piferrer, and N. J. A. Eeed). Councillor Pigdon, churchwarden, then presented the trowel, suitably inscribed, to the BiBhop, who, when the ; stone had been placed in position, said: 'In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay the foundation-stone of a school to be used for the religious instruction of the young'of this parish of St. Jude, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The offerings of the people were then taken, amounting to about £100, and laid upon the stone, after which the Bishop delivered an address full of interest relating to Sunday-school work, giving wise counsel to Sunday teachers, and gladly recognising their self-denying and important labours.- Councillor Pigdon and Mr. Eickards then addressed a few words of thanks to the Bishop for his presence, after which the concluding portion of the service was proceeded with, and the Bishop pronounced the Benediction. The company then proceeded by invitation to the boys' schoolroom below the church, where the teachers had provided refreshments, and did not spare themselves in waiting upon their friends. All arrangements were very efficiently carried out by the various committees, and all concerned are to be congratulated upon so auspicious a commencement of this important work.— St. Jude's Calendar. Cobeam.— The Bishop of Melbourne paid his first visit to Cobram on Monday, November 16. Arriving at 3 p.m., His Lordship was met by several residents and escorted to the Victoria Hotel, where the clerical party remained the guests of Mr. Gedge. At 4.30 p.m. a Confirmation service was held in the schoolroom, there being no church building as yet in the district. Owing to various causes only two candidates were able to attend, but the Bishop delivered two very impressive addresses, dwelling upon the rite and its meaning, and the vows they were taking upon themselves. Then His Lordship addressed himself to the congregation, speaking of its being the first occasion on which such a ceremony was undertaken in the district, and its important bearing upon the history of the Church in Cobram. In the evening an entertainment to welcome the Bishop was held in the Victoria Hall, when a good audience listened to stirring addresses from the Bishop, Bev. E. H. Potter (Yarrawonga), Eev. F. Milne (Presbyterian), and Mr. Pringle (Numurkah). The Bishop dwelt largely upon the work of Church extension, and explained the proposals as to Melbourne and suburbs. A good programme of songs, recitations, and music was given by ladies and gentlemen from Tocumwal, Yarrawonga, Katamatite,; Numurkah, and Cobram. On the 22nd the Venerable Archdeacon Herring paid his quarterly visit to the district, preaching at Cobram and Katamatite about the Bishop of .Melbourne's Fund, and at Sandmount about the Holy Com munion. The congregations were good, and there were eleven com municants. Collections 'were for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, and amounted to £3. At Katamatite a meeting was held with respect to the continuance of the services. After discussion, and an address by the Archdeacon, it was proposed that the services should be discontinued at once owing to insufficient support; but an amend ment was proposed, and carried by a large majority, that they should be continued fortnightly until the end of the year, when another meeting should be held to consider the question. There was a good attendance, but the congregations and support to Church work have for some time been poor. On Monday, the 23rd ult., the Archdeacon delivered a leoture, illustrated with diagrams, on 'Ancient Egypt, its Eivers, People, and Monuments,' to an overflowing audience at Sandmount. Mr. Pringle brought out a dragfull of young ladies and gentlemen from Numurkah, and they, by some excellent songs and music, contributed much to the enjoyment of the evening. The net proceeds amounted to £5, and will be devoted to the stipend fund for Sandmount. During the course of the visit the Archdeacon baptised eighteen children, ten of which were in one family, and ranged from eighteen years to a baby in arms. This makes a total of fifty-two baptisms since the formation of the district in February last. Footsoeay. — On Thursday last the ceremony of dedicating the new place of worship for the Church of England bodyin Paisley-street, Foots scray, was performed by the Bishop of Melbourne, in the presence of a crowded congregation. For some time past it has been felt that the members of the Church of England in Footscray required a more com modious church than the old bluestone building, which, however, has done good service for twenty-five years. It was used for the last time on Sunday, and and will be taken up for the future for Sunday-school and other parochial work. The new building is an adaptation of the early English style of Gothic architecture. The nave is 80 feet by 37 feet, capable of holding 650 people. The material used is bluestone, upon a concrete foundation, with Preston's facing bricks, picked out with fancy white and black bricks. Taken altogether, the structure is of very handsome appearance. The cost of the building has nearly all been provided out of the proceeds of the sale of the old church and parsonage sites to Philip Bevan and Co., carriage-builders. Precisely at eight o'clock the Bishop, attended by his chaplains and Eegistrar, were received at the door by the Eev. H. F. Scott, incumbent, and officers of ; the church. A petition to consecrate tne cnurcn was tnen delivered to tne isisnop. The musical part of the service was admirably rendered by a well trained choir, under the leadership of Mr. W. B. Wilks, the organist. The Bishop preached an appropriate sermon, taking as his text the two last verses of Isaiah xl. He stated that the ceremony that had taken place that evening afforded him very great pleasure as Bishop of the Diocese, for it showed that the Church was alive and not dead. He besought all Church-workers to be earnest, endeavouring to - fill the new church with sincere worshippers, and use their best endeavours to liquidate the small debt which existed. The Eev. H. F. Scott, it may be mentioned, has held the position of incumbent of St. John's Church, Footscray, for fifteen years. St. Mary's, Kangaroo Flat. — The bazaar in aid of the repairing fund of this church which was opened on Wednesday last, by Mr. D. C. Sterry, M.L.A., in the Colosseum, Kangaroo Flat, was brought to a very successful conclusion last Saturday. When all moneys have been received it is expected that the net results will amount to over £130. The stalls,. Christmas tree, bran tub, and refreshment-room were under the charge of the leading lady members of the church and the local branch of the Girls' Friendly Societies. Among the many attractive articles on the stalls, a model of a villa, built by Mr. J. Mead, was admired by every one, it being perfect in every detail. The large hall was tastefully decorated by Mr. Harwood, of Hargreaves street, with flags, curtains, &c;, kindly lent by himself , and by Messrs. . Henderson and Goodisson, and Balsille and Farrar. Aiiii Saints' Chuech, Moyhu. — The guardians of All Saints' Church of England, Moyhu, have been continuing their exertions to rebuild the church recently burned down. Their efforts to raise sub scriptions have been very successful so far, and they still need more money to be able to pay the full expense of a new church. They have, however, decided to proceed at once with the new building, and the architect has been communicated with for the necessary plans, &c.; Writes the resident reader : — 'We hope before a great while to be able to announce that the people have a good church once more, and free of debt. The guardians are specially grateful for a donation of £1 from the scholars of Christ Church Sunday-school, Brunswick, received from their superintendent, J. Quinton, Esq. Such kindly acts as these indeed make us feel that we are parts of a larger whole — that the Church is truly at unity in itself. The Moyhu congregation will not forget the Sunday-school at Christ Church, Brunswick.' St. George's, Numubkah. — His Lordship the Eight Reverend F. F. Goe, BiBhop of Melbourne, confirmed 30 candidates in the St. George's Ohurch of England, Numurkah, on Friday morning, in the presence of a large congregation. Mr. G. A. M. Pringle, church reader; assisted at the ceremony. His Lordship read the Confirma tion services before putting the usual questions to the confirmees, and gave an excellent address, taking his text from the Book ' of Psalms. The remarks had relation -to the importance of Confirma tion, it being particularly advantageous to young people whose characters were not yet formed, and who would by it be led into a better life, and be instrumental in working an influence over others of about the same age. Young people, he said, had a greater power for good or evil over other young people, and apart from the good the confirmees would do themselves by openly professing their faith before the world, they would do good to others by their example. After the ceremony of laying on of hands was completed with much solemnity, the Bishop gave a second address, and concluded by urging the confirmees to make full use of the gift of -the Holy Spirit. There were 30 candidates— the white dresses and veils of the females forming an effective and interesting picture. The church choir rendered hymns at intervals during the Bervice, whioh was a most impressive one. lox. axmtfamsn a, j.uuninu«i'1 — xuc uouai auuiiDiDaijr toivjwoui tw above Church were of a mournful, rather than a joyous character, in consequence of the illness of the incumbent of the Church, the Eev. C. T.' Perks. The rev. gentleman has officiated in the church from the first day of its opening without an interregnum, and has endeared himself to the rising: generations which have grown up under his spiritual care; and he is generally beloved by the people of the district for his charity and his visitations to the sick, no matter to what deno mination they belong. He: has lately suffered a severe attack pf influenza, but, notwithstanding his weak condition consequent upon it, he essayed the task of conducting both the morning and evening services, and failed. He preached in the morning, but in the evening, at the close of the first portion of the service, he was compelled to announce to his congregation that he felt quite unequal to give the sermon. In making the announcement he was visibly affected, and in ,' a few broken utterances thanked the congregation for their unvarying kindness towards him. Many of the congregation were moved to tears at witnessing the weakness of their beloved pastor. The pulpit was then occupied by the Rev. Mr. Brazier, who at the close of his sermon bore a fitting tribute to the great amount of good which had been wrought by the incumbent during his forty years' ministration in that church, and expressed a hope that he would soon be restored to health and his usual activity. The church had been very prettily decorated with flowers and plants for the occasion. ° WuNGHNtr.— -Oh Tuesday, the 17th ult.- the Bishop of Melbourne paid his first visit to Wunghnu. He was met at the station by some of the prominent local men, and driven round the township. In the evening a coffee social was held in the Mechanics' Institute, and was well attended. A lengthy programme was gone through, including songs by; several well-known Numurkah and local favourites. Mr. G. A. M. Pringle was chairman, and on the platform were Bev;- G. Gladstone (of Nathalia),E. H. Potter, M.A. (Yarrawonga), and Mr. J. G. Swan (Tallygaroopna). The concert was one of the best given in Wunghnu for some time, and all the efforts of the different performers were much enjoyed. The Bishop, in the course of an eloquent and able address, said that he was much pleased with his visit to Wunghnu, and with the way ;in which it had been laid out. He was informed that about eight miles off he might enjoy the scenery of as picturesque a apuu ua any ui me uvivuy ui juuuu urunjr. xie wiw aunj lie uau not time to visit it; but, indeed, to those who kept their eyes open, there was beauty all around. He quoted the well-known words of the poet, to the effect that to the unimaginative a flower was a flower, and nothing more, but to him a flower or a beautiful sunset was a revelation of God in nature. . He then referred to the letters recently published, written by the murderer Colston under sentence of death, and traced the arguments which had brought about the conversion of that remarkable man. He could not believe a man in such a position could have been a hypocrite, and therefore his testimony to the value of God's written revelation was all the more valuable. — Numurkah Standard. St. ;Luke's, Yea.— The damper in the way of rain which fell, on Monday (Prince of Wales' Birthday) injuriously affected the attendance at the tea and social in aid of the Parsonage Fund of St. Luke's Church, which was held on that day, though it came too late to mar the get-up, variety, and high quality of the thrice, if not seven-' fold, abundant supplies of cakes, confections, and fruit, which the ladies -had provided and had hoped wholly to dispense. At eight o'clock a public meeting and concert were held in the Shire Hall, which was crowded. The Eev. W. G. Hindley (Melbourne) arid Eev. D. Milne occupied seats on the platform. The Eev. C. H. Barnes, the incum bent, presided, and after calling upon the Eev. Mr. Hindley to open the meeting with prayer, explained the objects for which they had met together. They intended to put up a house in the coming summer; the costwbuld be about £350. They hoped to get £150 by direct subscriptions, and the balance on mortgage at a low rate of interest. That was not much for a large district like this to collect. The tea meeting would realise between £20 and £30, but it would be nearer £30 than £20. A- friend said to him the other day that he would give £5 by the end of the year if he could get nineteen others to do the same. . He mentioned it to a few friends, and eight of them immedi ately said that they would do likewise. Others would now have an opportunity of doing the same, and in view of the fact that to-day's rain had put pounds and pounds into many of their pockets, he knew their response would be generous. Mr. E. S. Purcell, who had always been a generous friend to the Church, had started it, and the other promises came from Mrs. Booth, Messrs. Daley, Haslam, Burgess, Eichard, Underwood,- Mrs* Barnes,' and himself. So., there were only eleven others required to make up the £100. After apologising for the absence of ;the Eev. Mr. Toomath (owing; to the illness of Mrs. Toomath), arid Mr. Doody (owing to, a family;bereayement),,the chair man read the letter which the Eev. Alfred Stackhbuse addressed to the editor of the Chronicle, stating that :he was sure that independent testimony would bear more weight than;anything hie could, say. Ata later stage/ short addresses were delivered by the Bevs. W. G.Hindley and D. Milne. ,; .--: : , ;' 