THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT L0UI8 STEVENSON, Antborof 'Treasure Island,' 'Kidnapped,' ' The St*ange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde.' &o-; (COPIBIGHT,] PART I.— THE MARQUE3AS, CHAPTER I.— Ah Isiakd Xiardfaix. For nearly ten years my health had been declining, and for some while before I set forth upon soy voyage I believed I waa come to the afterpiece of life, and had only the nurse and undertaker to expect. It was suggested that I should try the South Seas, and I was not unwilling to vieit like a ghost and be carried like a bale among scenes that had attracted me in youth and health. I chartered accordingly He Merritfa echooner-yaoht, the Oasco, 74 tons xeguter, sailed from San ITf&neuGo; towards thg end of Jane, 1888, visited the Eastern island*, and was left early the next year at Honolulu, Hence, lacking courage to return to my old life of the house and side room, I set forth to leeward in a trading eobooner, the Equator, of a little over 70 tons, spent four months among the atolls of the Gilbert Group, and reached Samoa towards the dose of '89, By that time gratitude and habit were beginning to attach me to the Islands ; I had gained a competency of strength ; I had made friende ; I had learned new interests ; the time of my voyages had passed like days in fairyland, and I dsoided to remain. I begin to prepare these pages at sea, on a third ornue, in the trading steamer Janet ISicoll, If more days are granted me, they ?ball be passed where I have found life most pleasant and man most interesting; the axes of my black boys are already clearing the foundations of my fntnre home ; and I must learn to address readers from the uttermost parts of the sea, That I should thus have reversed the verdict of Lord Tennyson's hero is Iesa eocentrte than appears. Few men who come to the Islands leave them; they grow grey wheretbey alighted; the palm shades and the trade wind.fans them tfll they die, perhapa cherishing to the last the ancy of a visit home, which is rarely maderf more rarely enjoyed, and yet more rarely repeated. No part of the world exerts the same attractive power npon the visitor, and the task before' me to to communicate to fireside travellers Bome sense of its seduction, and to describe the life, at sea and ashore, of many hundred thousand persons, some of one own blood and language, all one contemporaries, and yet as remote in thought and habit as Rob Boy or BarbaroeBa, the apostles of the Geeaars, The first experience earn never be repeated, The firtt love, the first sunrise, the first South Sea Island, are memories apart, and touched a virginity of sense. On July 8, 1888, the moon was an hoar down by 4 in the morning. In the east a radiating centre of brightness told of the day, and beneath, on the sky-line, the tForniDg bank waB already building, black as mi. We have ail read of the swiftness of the day's ooming and departure in low latitudes. It is a point on which the scientific and the sentimental tourist are at one, and has inspired some tasteful poetry. The period certainly varieB with the season, but here is one omb exactly noted. Although the dawn waa thus preparing by 4 the eon was not np till 6 ; find it waB half past 6 before we eould distinguish our expected islands from the clouds on the horizon. Eight degrees south, and the day two hours a-ooming. The interval waB passed on deck in the sileⅇ of expeots- tion, the customary thrill of landfall heigh tened by the strangeness of the shores that we were then approaching. Slowly they took shape in the attenuating darkness. Ua-huna, piling op to a truncated summit, appeared the first npon the starboard bow.} almost abeam arose our destination, NukahivB, whelmed in cloud } and betwixt and to the aonthward( the first cays of the sun displayed the needlea of Uft-pu. These pricked about the line of the borizon like the pinnacles of Borne ornate and monstrous church ; they stood there, in the tnarkliog brightness of the monungj the fit Bi«nboard of a world of wonders, Not one aoul aboard the Oasoo bad set foot npon the islands, or knew, exoept by aosident, one word of any of the island tongues ; and it was with something, perhaps, of the same anxious pleasure as thrilled the bosom of dis coverers that we drew near these problematic shores. The land heaved up in peaks and riBing vales ; it fell in clifls .and buttresses ; its color ran through fifty modulation? ia a teale of pearl and rose and olive ; acd it waa crowned above by opalescent clouds, Toe suffusion *-f vogue hues deceived the eye, the shadows of clouds were confounded with the articulations of the mountain, and the isle and itB unsubstantial canopy rose and shimmered before us like a single mass There was no beaoon, no smoke of town to be expected, no plying pilot. Somewhere in that pale phantasmagoria of cliff and cloud oar haven lay concealed; and somewhere to toe east of it— the only sea mark gives— a certain headland, known indifferently as Oapa Adam and Eve, cr Gape Jack and Jane, and dis tinguished' by two colossal figures, the gross statuary of nature. These we were to find ; for thet 6 we craned and stared, foonssed glasses, and wr&Egled; over charts; and the sun was overhead and the land dose ahead before we found them. To a snip approaching like the Casoo, from the north, they proved indeed the leaBt conspicuous features of a striking oo&Bt; ; the surf flying high above its base; strange, auetere and feathered mountains rising behind, and J&ck; attd Jane, or Adam and Eve, impend ir-g like a pair of waste above the breakers. Thence we bore away alongshore. On our port be&m; we might hear the explosion of the surf ; a few birdB flew fisbing under the prow ; there wss no other sound or mark of life* »hf flier of nmn or beast, in «U that quwtet ot the island. Winged by her own impetus and toe dying breeze toe Oosoo skimmed under? cliffs, opened one a oove, shoved a« a breach and eorue green trees, and flitted by again* DowiDfi to rile twell. The trees, from oob distance, tuisht have been hazel; the be*oh icigbt bave b;en in Europe; tbe mcftLntaias from behind modelled- in little from the Alps; acd tbe forest whioh clustered on their ratn patts & growth no more consitJera'jle than cur SsoUii-b heath. Again the cliff yavaeda bet new with a deeper entry ; and theCUsaOa rua'.irtg fcer wind, began So slide into tba D*y of Avhho. The cocoa palm— that gic«ffs of TFjze'abJpp, eo graoaful. 83 ungainly, to taa Earopeat tye bo foreign — sraa to ba seen orowaisg on tbe beach, and climbing and! fiirgicg ths deep sides of moviotaios. Rada acd b&re; hills embraced the inlet upon eitues hand ; it was enclosed to the landward by a bplfc of Blattered mountains. In avery cre vice of that barrier the forest harbored, roost-: ing and ceetiing there like birds about a ruin ; atci fas above, it greened and roogaeaed tha razor of tbe summit. Under tbe eastern shore, ooreahoDner. now bertft of acy breeze, contiuued to creap in: the) cmart c;eatute, when once under way, appaar iDg motive in herself. Erooa close aboard arose the blesUcg of f oung lambs ; a bird sang in ?be hilifide ; the soent of ths land and of a hundred fruits or flowers flowed forth to meet us ; and presently a honse or two appeared! ftacdicg high un the SDglea of the hills, and one o! there turroended with what seemed a garden. These conspicuous habitations, that r,»tch of culture, had we botknowa' it, were a n:a:k of the presence of whites ; and we might; have approached a hundred islands sad not found their parallel, It was longer era wa epied the native village, standing (in ths Doivertal fashion) close npon a carve of beach, close n&der; a grove of palms ; the sea in front; growling and whitening on a concave ara - of reef. For the cocoa tree and the island) : tree are both lovers and neighbors -of tha - Etirf. 'The ooral waxes, the palm grows,' bet man departs,' says the sad Ta-attian pro vcJ-b ; but they are all three, eo long 49 the* eiidure. co-hunters of the beach. Ths mark of 6cchorsge was a blowhole in the rocks, new tb6 sc uth-eaetetly corner of the bay. Puncta-. aiiy to our use, tbe blow-hole spouted; the* echno&er; turned upon her heel ; the anahoe plucged. It was a email sound, a great event; try eouI went down with these moorings whence no wicdlaca may extract nor any direr; Sab it up ; and I, and asms part of my ship's company were from that hour the bond-Blare* of the iilts of Vivien. Before yet the anchor plunged a canoe Waff already paddting from tbe hamlet. It contained! two men— one white, one brown aud tattooed! across tbe face with bands - of blue, both in immaculate white European clothes; tha resident trades. Me. JRegler, and the native chief, Taipai-Kikino. '-Captain, is it per- - mitted to some on board t' were Jbe first words we heard among the islands. Canoe followed canoe tul the ship swarmed with stalwart, frft. men in every stage of. undress—* some in a shirt, some in a loincloth, one in a- handkerchief imperfectly adjusted ; some, and! thefse tbe more considerable, tattooed from bead to foot in awful patterns 5 some barbarous acd knived ; one, wbo stioka in my memory as. something bestial, squatting on his bams in at canoe, sacking an orange acd spitting it out again to alternate' Bides with ape liie vivacity— all talking, and we could not understand one word ; all trying to trade with ub who had no thought oE trading, or offering us island corios at prices , palpably absurd. There was no word ol . welcome, no show of civility, no. hand extended) . r&ve; that of the chief and Mr. Begler. As v?e Etill continued to refuse tbe proffered] articles complaint ran high and rude, and oneW tbe jester of the party, sailed upon our mem; ness amid jeering langhtev, Amongst othes angry pleasantries, 'Here ia a mighty fine ship,' said be, 'to have no money on board.** 1 own I was inspired with sensible repug* n&rice;, even with alarm. Toe ship was mani* feBtly in their power, we had women on board, I knew nothing of my guests beyond! the fact tbat they were cannibals, the director* (my only guide) was full of timid oaationa, and! rb for the trader, whose presence might elsa have reassured me, were not whites in the Pacific tbe usual instigators and accomplices of native outrage? When he reads, this con leEBion oux kind friend, Mr. Kegler, can afiordV to smile. Later in the day, as I sat writing np at** journal, the cabin was filled from end to end! wrUrMarqnesans : three brown skinned genera tions, squatted oross legged upon Hie floor, and regaidirg me in silence with embarrassing eyes. Tbe eyes of ail Polynesians are large* luminous, and melting j they are like the eyes of animals and some Italians. The Romans knew that look, and had a word for itioccuZi putres, they said, eyes rancid with exnxeasionv A. kind of despair came over me, to sit there belplesa under fill these staring orbs, and ba thus blocked in* corner of my cabin by this speeofaieBB crowd j anda kind of rage to think ' tney were beyond tbe teach of articulate communication, like farred animals, or f olK born deaf, or the dwellers of some alien planet* - To cross the channel is, for a boy of twelve*1 to change heavens ; to cross the Atlantic, for at man of twenty-four, is hardly to modify his ~~ diet. But I was now escaped out of the shadow of the Roman Empire, under whose toppling monuments we were all cradled, whose laws and letters are on every hand of to, cob* Bttftfning and preventing. I was now to ase- what men might ts whose fathers had never; studied Virgil, had never been conquered by Caesar, and never been ruled by the wisdom of ' Gains or Fapiaian, By the sftmestep I had! journeyed forth ont of that comfortable zone of kindred languages where the curse of Babel ia so easy to be remedied, and my1 new fellow creatures sat before me damn like images. Methought, ia my travels, all human relation waa to be excluded; and! when I returned home (for in those days I still projected my return) I should have but dipped into a picture-book without a texW N»y4 and I even questioned if my travels' should be mnoh prolonged ; perhaps they were destined to a speedy end ; perhaps my aubae* quent friend, Kana&ui;, whom I remarked! there, sitting Bilent, with the rest, for a man off some authority, might leap from bis hama with; an ear-splitting signal, the! ship be carried at 9 rush, and the ship's company butchered foe tha table, * There could be nothing more natural than' these apprehensions, nor anything more groundless. In my experience of the islands It bad never again flo menac'ng a reception? were I to meet with snoh to-day I should be more alarmed end tenfold more surprised, Tha majority of Polynesians are easy foifc to get ia tench with, frank, fond of notice, greedy off, tbe least affection, like amiable, fawning dog* ; and even with the Marqnesaiis, so reoently and eo imperfectly .redeemed from a blood bolstered! barbarism, aU were to become our intimates,' acd one at least was to mourn aaoerely oqs, departure. Ghapizb II.— Making Fbiendb. She impediment of tongues waa one that £ particularly over estimated. The languages ol Polynesia are easy to amatter, though hard to- speak with «leganoe; And they are extremely similar, ao that a person who has a tincture oE. one - or two may risk, not without hope, an attempt npon the others. The moat odd and] obvions variation is in the consonants. T andl K, B and £, are interchanged in different dialects; eo is the group P, H. V or Wit andthetwooesB by whioh the difference arose: is still to be observed in operation, Tha islands are tcbjeot to epidemic trioka of speech, such as we axe aoenstomed to ia Europe. It is not long since all fashion! able France adopted the burr, *ll fashion-! able England lisped, or aU QOfasbiouabla London sounded V for W. In Earopa these epidemics come and go, ao that alreadyy in the«arlier novels of Bulwer laytton, theic traoea make us stare. In the islands, where all the world is ' in society,' and the whole popu- - lation adopts at tbe same moment the aamqf novelty, the consequence is more enduring.! In this way* within the hut hall century. K has driven T ont of Hawaii, and within tha last few years the came deformation has in-- yolved the beautifal language of Samoa. T? is now rarely sounded there exoept in set oratioBB ; and so mnoh confusion reigns that X have heard a Samoan pastor say ' Kapo' and! 'Atria' in the B&meolauaeof; a prayer. TheK is no new Bound in the Samoan language? ig was onoe oommon. Fashion expelled^and now fashion reinstates it, like exiles after aa amnesty. And, onoe more like the exiles, ifi retarni to find its old seat oooapied by others, and to fill new positions. The place of the old K, onoe ao carefully entruded, ia still marked by the apostrophe or bo oaiiad catchy while tbe new K, now ao wantonly reimportedg usurps tbe part of T. It should bs borne ia mind that this latter fashion started after the language waB already written and printed and] ?asidtioaBly read, and that it has been, and atill is, steadily rousted by tbe mission, the central educating body. Bow much more swiftly muse similar whims and mimicries have defaced and] divided tbe dialects of a bookless antiquity* And acBordingly, when we look to Melanesia, we find the speech of the same island is infinitely broken up. In the small isle ot Tana, MrfF. A. Campbell counts no fa wee than biz languages; and on New O^edonia £ was assured there were not less than 60— the hitter figure strode me with incredulity. M.' Gallet (who gave it me fee a xound number! immediately called into the offioe one ol his native assistants, asked the ltd what languages he conld understand and which lie jgbuld not* and aa each was named, showed me ita tern* tory on the map. The boy &ta;*e4iuree; ha mentioned (I think) four of- fcAtth' tw' waa quite ignorant; and they wd» jail olosa neighbors in a narrow belt Mfeow thai island. Mr. Campbell, after fitiriuolinK the; fact quoted above, goes on to ghilpaaphiae* '?It is a well known f act.' he tan, *? thai if there be no fixed stanjtoT — ? ha t refers to the art of writing— 'a laJBgoage will * quickly alter ; and that if, ander ttaveoircQm-; stance*, peoples originally epeaMsg -the same language be separated and k»pV«Mtt. and oppoted to each other in war and HcwtagsmV theit language will develop krto 4lnwent dialecte, and become so different m to entitle. Ha them to be called different languages.' I qcote these voids because they appear eo conclusive, and because they are aeemiogly qaite true for SUlaneda. How thea to explain the ooatrary ► experience of the Polynesians? Taeee are spread over a great fieid of ocean, from north to south and from west to eaat. Intercourse had long Cfastd between neariy &U; the groups Oo the earns island, in the Marquesas, every gleo ajras in perpetual cannibal warfare with its neighbor?. And yet, to fay, from the extreme ttorth to the extreme south, tha language is ?probably not bo different aa Breton ia fro 31 Welsh ; and the Polynesian, landing on acy isle within these bread bounds, will ba readily jnndentood in almost all essentials. And again, not only is Polynesian easy ta ?matter, bat interpreters sbaaod. Missionaries, traders, and broken white folk, living on the bounty of the natives, are to be found ia almost every isle and hamlet ; and eves where these are unserviceable the natives themselves have often scraped tip a little .English, and in the 'French zone (though far less commonly) a Little Stench English, or an efficient pidgin, what ia called to the westward 'Beach- la Mar,' comes easy to the Polynesian. It ia now taught, JbeBides, in the schools of Hawaii, and from the multiplicity of British ships and the searnecB of the Statere on the one hand and the colonies on the other, it may be called, and will almost certainly become, the tongue «f the Pacific X will instance* few examples. 2 met ia M&jnro; a MaxehaU Island bay who spoke exoptfent Sngltah ; this he had learned In the Gerrcan firm in Jalait, yet did not speak one word of -jerman. I heard from a gendarme who had taught school in fiapaiti that yrhOe the children had the ntmost diffionlty or reluctance to learn French, they picked up Englis-b on the way side as if by accident. On one of the most out of the way atolls is the 1 Carolines, my friend, Mr. Benjamin Herd, .Was amazed to find the lads playing cricket on thb beach sod talking Epglish ; and it was in English that the crew of *he Jauet Niooli, a cet of b;&ok; boyB from different Maianesian Island?, communicated with other natives throughout the cruise, transmitted orders, and sometimes jested together on the fore batch. Bnt what ettuok me pethaps moat of all *ms a word I heard on the -verandah of the {Tribunal at Noumea. A caBehad just; been heard -?—a trial for infanticide against an ape like native woman — and thaasdienoe were smoking cigarettes as they awaited the verdiat, Aa anxious, amiabie French lady, not far from Sears, was eager for acquittal, and declared she would eng&gB; the prisoner to be her chil dren's nurse, The bystanders exclaimed at the j-ropoEal ; the wprnau was a savage, said th3S, and epoke~co language. 'Mais vous saves,' objected the fair' sentimentalist; *'Us ap jjrerwien. si vile V 'Anglais!' -. Hut to be able to speak to people ia not all, fffid in the fi--tst stage of my relations with natives I was helped by two ttjinsre. To begin Rrith, I was the showman ot the Cisco. She, tier fine lines, tall spars and enow? deots, the crimson fittings ot the saloon, and the white and gilt, and the repeating mirrors of the tiny cabin, brought us a hundred visitors. The men fathomed out her dimensions with their aims, JM their fathers fathomed, oat the ships of Cook; the women declared the eabinB more lovely than a church; bouncing Junoa were never weary of sitting in the chairs and con . CempIatiDg in the glass their own bland 3 images ; and I have seen one lady strip up h6r drees, and with cries of wonder and delight cub herself bate bEeeched udou the velvet cushion. Biscuit, -jam, and syrup was the Entertainment ; .and as in European parlors, the photograph album went the round. This Sober gallery, their *very day costumes and physiognomies: had beoome tranaformed. ia £bree weeks' Bailing, into things wonderful and rich and foreign ; alien faces, barbaric dresses,' \- they were now beheld and fingered, in the' swerving cabin, with innocent exoitement anil Burpnee, Her Majesty was often reO3gai*a(i, Bnd i isnve seen French subjects kiss ber photo graph: Captain Speedy— in aa Abyssinian wa* dress, rapposed to be the uniform of the BtUisa army— meS with much acceptance; and -the effigies of Mr/ Andrew Jiang were admired io * Marquesas. There is the plaoe for him to go when he shall be weary of Middlesex &nd; Homer, ; [To be continued). 