The Gillott-HelTernan Ghildren's Garden Party. Brunswiok-stiieet 'south, on account of its con taining " a great number of doctors' residcncos— botween, Gertrude-street and "Victoria Parade—is aptly termed , the " Collins-street oast of Eitzroy." One of the prettiest places in that district is tlio house owned and oc'ciipnod by Dr. Hoil'ornan. Another house; of 'beautiful design stands'oxacbly vis-a-vis; it is called " Edensor," and is tho residence of Mr. Samuel Gillott, tho woll-lcnown solicitor. Tho most cordial relationship) evidently exists botwoon the inhabitants of tlioso two houses, and as "amalgamation" is becoming more than fashionable— m fact, is tho ardor ot' the day—Mrs. Gillott and Mrs. Halt email " amalgamated" in giving a cliildron's garden party last Saturday afternoon, which, in response to invitations, attracted a voi-y largo attendance of yonng pooplo of both sexes. Quito*a number of tho relatives of the youngsters, finding that if they liked to stay tlioy ivonld be very wet come and liborally provided for, sonsibly availed themselves of the opportunity, and at tho close of the festivities expressed thoniselvos in very pro nounced terms as highly delighted spectators of the various anmsomonts which had been provided for the children. On the north side of Mr. Gillott's residence there is a large well- lcept lawn, bordered all round with a bed of beautiful Howors. Stepping into this place out of lirunswick-street, creates in the belioldor a fooling of profound astonishment, as no one would expect to see such a lawn and flowers almost in tho very heart of a groat city, in fact, on land worth about ill00 a foot. It was intended that Master and Miss Ilelfornan should receive their little guests in regal state under a small marquee specially erectod for that purpose. Pro fessor Uriuldoy was ready with his Punch and Judy show ; tho band was there, when down camo the rain in torrents. However, Mrs. Gillott and Mrs. Heffernan proved themselves equal to tho occasion. Tho former lady had tho largo upstairs drawing room—it occupies tho greater part of tho house frontage—rapidly cleared, whero tho professor had vory soon transferred and erected his paraphernalia, and whero tho Master and the Miss received their juvenile friends in the most cordial hut improssivo style. Then it was the professor's turn, 'l'lio pranks of tho immortal Punch, as usual, oxcitod roars of laughtor from all assembled—big and little ones—some of tho small fry yolling with doiight. Tho band then discoursed sweet music on tho balcony outsido, which was followed by an adjourn , ment down stairs foxr rofroshmonts, which wore of the most sumptuous description and of a lcind to suit all agos and tastos. Tlio tablos were beautifully decorated with clioico flowers and lookod very attractive. Upstairs again for nioro Punch and Judy, of course. This timo a pantomime and tho uuiquo boxing match. Aftorwards, music and games. At about (J o'clock tho youngsters were escorted across tho road. This is whore Mr. Heffer nan " came in," and tho glory and common sonso of " amalgamation " was made manifest. A long table extending tlio full length of tho house was sot for nearly a hundred in a most elegant^ manner, l'ull of very toothsome comestibles. Having startod tho juniors, tho seniors again crossed tho road, whero ample justice was done to a cold collation—a small banquet, in fact—which had been thoughtfully pro vided for thorn by Mrs. Gillott. Tho ovoning was spent at Dr. Heffernan's, wliere dancing1 was tlio principal amusement indulged in. Two recitations by Mm Blaschock, viz., " Tommy on Ghosts" and "The little green apple," revealed that gontloman to his audionco as an inimitable and genuine artist in tho grotesquo stylo. He literally magnetised the . yonng people. Mr. Maries gavo " The vtrlgar littlo boy " with fine effect. Master Nicholls performed an " eccentric danco " in imitation of Mr. Fred. Storey, of Gaiety Company fame. This and the " shell dance," in which Miss Green was joined by Master Nicholls, wore torpsi chorean exhibitions of a most artiscally finished description and were much apphut e 1. The Hon. Dr. L. L. Smith gavo a clover exhibition of legerde main, and Joseph Gillott gavo a dunce which was quite us eccentric us Mr. Storey's. It wasn't Hungarian, nor yet Polish, not even Sclavonic, l:mt it brought down tho house and about twenty of tho youngsters who ventured to come into too closo proximity to tho oxecutaut. rlho guests, old and young, thoroughly oujoyed themselves, and many expressed tho wish that at no distant date they would bo present at another- amalgu nation" given by tho same hostesses. Tho proceedings closed with throo hearty cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Gillott and Dr, and Mrs. Heffornau. Amongtho young people present wore, MissesEileenand Minnioand Master Heit'ornan, Master Stanley and Miss Gladys Gibson, Miss Voro Henry, Miss Enid Springthorpo, Master Tlobbio Noavo, Masters Bruce and Douglas and Miss Kitty Lawrence, Master Howard and Miss Tliyra Marks, Master Cyril and Missos Dora and Beryl Benjamin, Master and Miss Kelly, Miss Gwonnio Thomas, Miss Ella Johnson, Master Noel Shaw, IVIastor and Miss Groon, Miss Maudio Price, Missos Ethel and Yiolet Stoddart, Miss Ida M'llbree, Misso3 Ida unci Minnie Dolbriclgo, Mastor Goralcl Speed, Miss Twixio "Wimble, Mastor Percy and Miss Elorrio AA'uxman, Mastor and Miss Tnclcor, Master Norman Nicholls, Masters Banco and Nello Marks, Misses Maud and SSolla Bates, Mustor-s Pit v. Gibbon, Missos Kocko, Miss Crokor, Misses Stewart, Miss Mnrphy, Master and Miss Brodzky, Master Charlie Demaino, Missos Clark, Masters Bullen, Mastor- aucl Miss Smith, Mastor and Miss Bernstein. Tiro following ladies and gentloxnon helped to entertain tho young folk ;—Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Stewart, Mrs. Bornstein, Mr. and Mrs. De maino, Mr. and Mrs. W. IT. Crokor, Mr. and Mrs. "Watoham, Miss Mason, Miss "Wiseman, Miss Li/.zio Clark, Dr. and Mrs. L. L. Smith, Mrs. Springbhorpo, Mr. Joseph Gillott, Mrs. Speed, Miss Hilton, Mr. and Mrs. Prod Noavo, Mr, E. -Lionel "Wilson, Mr. H. M. Marks, Mr. and Mrs. Dolbridgo, Mr. and Mrs. E. Shaw, Mrs. Dolbridgo, Dr. unci Mrs. Johnson, Miss Abrrcl, Miss AYators, Miss Mclllree. 