Ax to-day's ineelitigof die Shire Council it would be very advisable In ask die assistance of the neighboring munici palities in protesting against the pro posal to place (he Seymour lands office under tbe control of the official at Alexandra. Such a course would vir tually mean the dosing of the Seymour branch, as it would be merely kept open as a sort of inquiry office, while the business of the district would be trans- i ferredto Alexandra. This would mean a very serious loss to ihe town, as the closing of one Government office would possibly be the prcJutle to' further irrangements In the same direction. A.nd, apart from the local injustice, it | ivouid be the cause of considerable , inconvenience to the general public. At the present time the Seymour office is used by the residents of the Heath cote Borough and the Shires of Broad ford, Pyalong, Kilmore, Mclvor, Goulburn, Waranga, a portion of Euroa, Yea and Seymour, comprising a population of thirty-three thousand. The Alexandra office, on tbe other hand, merely accommodates tlie defunct borough of Woods Point and the Shires of Howqua and Alexandra, embracing a population of five thousand at ihe outside. In the latter district the Crown lands remaining unleased are scarcely worth fencing in, while in the Heatbcote and Rushwortb divisions of Seymour district there are several thousand acres of very fair grazing land still available. This land was thrown open about four years ago, but was afterwards withdrawn. Under all these circumstances, we would point out to the Minister ol Lands that it would be manifestly unfair to tbe gejieral public to partially close the Seymour office, in otder that Alexandraone might be made a central branch. Residentsof the shires previously referred to can all come to 1 Seymour by the morning train and 1 1 reach home again in the evening after . transacting their business. Were ; Alexandra made the head office of the district, this could not be done, and j residents of all the outside districts would be compelled to lose three days transacting business which can now be accomplished in as many hours. We know very well that tlie amount of business now done does not warrant land offices both here and at Alexandra ; but the latter is undoubtedly the one which should be closed if public convenience and economy are to be observed in the matter. The inspector notifies that water will be turned off from the whole of the town between the hours of one o'clock and ihiee this afternoon. Hie Seymour detachment of Mounted Rifles will be inspected by Major Hoad at half-past three o'clock on tenth inst. The men will turn out in full inarching order on the occasion. 1 Last week a Melbourne stock agent disposed of following lots for New South Wales clients . — Sixty-three thousand! sheep ; forty thousand do three thousand head of cattle ; and one thousand head of forward steers. At the lowest estimate the commission should tot up to close on a thousand pounds — a nice sum for a week's work. To-morrow evening an invitation smoke night will be given by the Seymour Druids, in the lodge room at the Terminus Hotel. At the suggestion of the chairman at meeting held in Seymour on Saturday evening, it was decided not to ask Mr, Hunt, M.L.A., to interfere in agitation with reference to the land office, as the issue rests between two towns in his con stituency. The 'Herald' says that Thomas Toohey was arrested for the attempted murder of of Bank Manager Daley at Tungamah, New South Wales. It might have added that the affair caused a sensation at Seymour, South Australia, while Com missionerChomley, of Melbourne, Queens land, considered that the black trackers should be sent to investigate the matter. 1 Sergeant-Major Stenbouse has been placed in charge of the B Company of Mounted Rifles. He and Regimental Sergeant-Major Jeffrey visited Seymour on Saturday for the purpose of taking over kits, etc. The former officer intends tesiding in Seymour, which will be the headquarters of the company. The Earl of Clancarty is dead, and now tbe erstwhile Belle Bilion is a. Countess. If such a metamorphosis is not sufficient to make the old Earl turn in his grave, there is very little in the philosophy of ghouls, ghosts and disturbed spirits. At a banquet given to Mr Fitzgibbon, the ex-town Clerk, at Melbourne, on Saturday, the chairman said that the name of their honored guest was known and respected throughout all the great cities of the civilized world. We should be sorry to say the chairman stated what was not a fact, but we certainly do say that he is an adept in the art of bombastic exaggeration. At the meeting with reference to the Bible in State schools, held in Perron's Hall on Friday evening, Mr Burton said i.mlnnian was on the increase in Vic toria ; but all he could produce in the way of statistics was the statement that he heard bad language at a football match in Melbourne ! In last issue a paragraph in Nagambie mems described tbe futile efforts of a visiting medico to bring down a jackass, with the aid of a double barrel breech loader, Mo. 4 shot and smokeless powder: The sportsman referred 10 characterises the statement as a diabolical slander ; and to prove its untruthfulness forwarded to a Seymour J.P. by post, lie dead bodyoftbe hapless jackass, neatly laid out in a agar box- He, however, neglected to prepay the parol, which resulted in his friend having to ante up one and twopence. The latter gentleman found consolation in the fact (bat die jackass doesn't show the slightest mark of a shot, and was evidently knocked off bis perch with a waddy. He also comforts himself with the reflection that die jackass figures amongst the list of protected birds, so (hat he has a 'rod in pickle' for the medico, i' Says tbe ' Sporting Standard ' ' Mr Hemy Moyle. of Gipps-street, Klmore, brother of tlie late Colonel Moyb, and cousin of the Duke of Somerset, has just sent a large.bundle of the I ri#i black- thorn trees to Senior-constabie James Divyer, of Russel-strcet Bariacis, who sent for them to present to the cjrelaker of the public gardens of the city lo plant, and to the caretaker of the Fltmingion racecourse. The late Colonel Moyle, when the guest of the Earl of Bandon a few years ago, brought the blackthorn and Hazel trees out from the Groves at Blarney and yave some to his brother at Kilmore.' A man named Alfred Honesdale had a wonderfully narrow escape from a frightful death the other day, says the ' Standard While working at Thornton's saw mills, i Goorain, his foot slipped on a piece of j hark, and he fell backwards Egainst the saw which was in full swing. He how ever, managed to recover himself Just in time, the flesh of his thigh being cut diagonally to the bone. He was brought to Nagels restaurant, where tlie wound was stitched up, and is now doing well. Detective-Sergeant Sainsbury, who for tlie l^st month lias been in New Souib Wales in charge of search parlies after the missing aboriginais, jack and Willie, re turned to Benalla on Wednesday night with the Pandenont; trackers, Harry Frank and Cioker (says the 'Standard'). The search parlies returned on account of the men having now got out of Captain Battye's district, and the Gundayai police say they will now catch them. The two men were seen on Monday afternoon, five miles from Binalong, by three men named Williams, Ring and Holland, who were prospecting for silver. It was about half past 5 o'clock, and the sun was going down in the ranges. The three men named mere travelling in a south- westerly driection, and the two blacks were going north-easterly. The men thought they were other prospectors who might have made a find, as the two men turned off their course, evidently to avoid meeting them. Noticing this Ring and his mates ! demanded lo interview them, to see what they had got, and hastened 10 catch up to them. They cooeed several limes, but the other men did not stop. When within about 40 yards of them the men turned and looked back, and then they ran to a wire fence dose by which they got through. Throwing their bundles down on the ground one of them stooped down apparently 10 get something out of the bundle and the other put his hand in his hip pocket. Ring thought the men were going to fire and he and his mates decided 1 to leave them alone. A serious accident occured at Mr Pretti johu's fa nil, Dargalong, last Friday, when a young man named Fredrick Thome, working for Mr Geo. Sinclair, of Arcadia, while feeding a chaffcutter got drawn into the machine and had his hand cut off up to the wrist before the machine could be stopped. He was immediately sent to the Mooroopna Hospital, wherehe arrived very weak from loss of blood and shock to the system. A consultation was held by the honorary surgeonsand Dr Florance, and they clecidcd to amputate the arm a little higher up. We are pleased lo state that he is progressing favorably in the Hospital under the care of Dr Florance. — ' Advertiser.' 