A fflAL PAST. : BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of "footprints in the Snow," "The Broken Seal," "The. Track of the Storm." " A Bitter Birthright," &e.;, &e.; (Published by special arrangement with the author . All rights reserved.] D CHAPTERV.-THEHEIB. Lady Ennismore was a woman of the world. She had been trained in the school which teaches tts to hide and suppress the strongest feelings of our nature, but it took, all her train ing to meet Helen" and Roche apparently un moved. But she did meet them thus. Sne received them with the smiling courtesy of manner for which she was remarkable, "You have arrived,", then?" she "said to Roche as she-shook hands -with hint "Did you meet my madcap girls, among the hills ?" Helen jumped off her pony at these words and slid her arm through Lady Bnnismore's. " You must not scold," she said, putting her pretty face coaxingly up to her friend's. " Judy wasn't a bit to blame-I would go we went up to the station to see the train come in and Mr. Roche and Mr. Curzon got out and they didn't know the way, so we said they might come with us." " And this is the young lady who calls her" self Madam Propriety, Mr. Roche t" answered' Lady Ennismore. "Well,: my dear, I shall not scold you this time." And she laid her hands caressingly on the young girl's shoulder. Scarcely had Helen thus explained' how she came to lie with Roche, when Julia and young Curzon joined them. " I knew my old friend again at once, Lady Ennismore, and claimed her acquaintance," saia Curzon, looking smilingly at Julia. "And I thinly" he added, "I see another old friend here?'- And Curzon shook hands with Maud Bingham, Lady Ennismore's second daughter, by whom she was accompanied, and who was rather apeculiar-looking girl oftwelve. " How are you, Miss Funoh?" he said. " I am very well," answered Miss Punch; "but I do not in the least remember who you are." ? r ? ... ? " What a blow to my vanity," said Curzon laughing. " What! Have you forgotten all my delicate attentions to you, Miss Punch-all the love I made long, long ago?" r "Iremember you now," said Miss Punch. "You often - walked with Miss Sinclair- and she said you were a pert, pretty boy." "Ob, Maud!" exclaimed Lady Ennismore reprovingly', while Helen ?Drummond and Roche laughed aloud, for Curzon absolutely blushed and was young enough to feel an noyed. "And this young gentleman?" said Roche the next moment, patting the cheek of the beautiful boy by Lady Ennismore's side. " What is your name, sir f' "Robert Patrick Bingham, commonly called Pat," said Helen, answering for the child. "Isn'tthat your name, Pat?" Robert Patrick Bingham, and I shall be Lord Ennismore," saidjthe boy, looking up with his innocent, fearless blue eyes in Roche's face. * - " Hush* -hush, ;darling," said Lady Ennis more, and she stooped down and' kissed her little son's bright curls. "Never talk of being Lord Ennismore-it; would be a sad, sad day for mother" when she heard her boy called by his father'sname." , . Before the . child could reply Hden Drum mond laid caught him in her, arms and had mounted him on one of the dun ponies. "Come, Master Pat," she. said, "let us see how well you can ride." ,Pat, with the sweet changeableness of child-. hood, at once' forgot all about his father's name." "I can ride better than Judy," he said, "'cause she's a girl." ."'Arfdyou think-boys cando anything better ; than girls, .Pat?" said Roche smiling. "Ah, young man. you have not yet come to the age of wisdom." Aid he looked with hiB merry, dark eyes at Helen as he spoke. "And you have come to-"the age of wisdom, of coursed", said Helen with'some irchnessi "I. have come to the age " at least when I admire girls more than boys," answered Roche, Btill smiling. "Men in my opinion are not to be compared to women." . "Women aot more than men," said Helen. "And what do you know about acting child ?" asked Lady EnniBmore, with a sad ring in her voice and a somewhat sad look in her eyes as they fell on Helen's blooming face "What Btory book have you been reading, Helen, for of the real acting on life's stage you can know nothing?" "Not yet," said Roche, for Helen blushed and did nob speak, "but her time will come, Lady Ennismore. We all play our parts, you know, in the tragedies and comedies around us." " True," said Lady Ennismore, and she gave a quick, low sigh. "And this sturdy boy?" continued Roche, putting his arm round the little heir, who was still mounted on the pony. "Life will be always a pretty jolly kind of comedy for him, eh J" .... , "As far as we can foresee," answered Lady Ennismore. ® . . '? I should like to change places with him," said Roche lightly. Again Lady Ennismore gave a quiok low sigh and then she looked gently, almost pity ingly, in the young man's good-looking face. \- "I.hope your life will be happy also," she said. "Butlook," she added quickly, point ing to a house before them, which a sudden turn of the road had brought m view, "yonder is Brackenford. I was born there, Mr! Roche -and-and all the tragedies of my. life have happened beneath that roof." v "The tragedies of your life?" repeated Roche, looking at Lady Ennismore in sur prise. " I' suppose _ you are joking, Lady Ennismorp, . your life can have ' had no tragedies?" . - " How can you tell ?" answered Lady Enms-; more. " One great tragedy that all -the world ? knew happened there. My young- brother, Norman, in the prime of his life, was carried' into that house with a fatal gunshot wound in his throat. It killed my mother. That was tragedy enough, was it not ? Yes, Mr. Roche, there are shadows over many lives which out wardly seem all fair and bright." . ! Lady Ennismore's lips quivered and her cheeks flushed as she said these words, and . Francis Roche felt convinced from that ' moment that all had not gone smooth in the career of this apparently most prosperous . '^We all have some troubles, I suppose," he iaid. " Yes," answered Lady Ennismore absently, as if her mind were still dwelling on some painful subject. But suddenly, with almost an impatient gesture she roused herself. ; "You will think you are going to a very melancholy place I fear, Mr. Roche," she said, looking at trie youBg .man with her charming smile, ". but I assure you it is not so, No one can be melancholy with Lord Ennismore. He has the .brightest temper, the sweetest- temper . I ever met. He is like a big child I tell him, and -he has carried into middle age all the joyousness of extreme youth." "He is a lucky man," answered Roche, i "He is a happy man, I hope," said Lady ?Ennismore. ? " You should see him with the child," and she looked back at her boy as she said this, who wds a few yards behind them' still on Helen's pony, ; who was-leading'it. - "Lord Ennismore worships that' boy," she added in a. lower tone. " Sometimes I fear; he loves him too much- that if anything were to happen to Pat--" - . '-'You must not think of anything happening - to Pat," said Roche kindly. "Do you'know 'that I shall begin to think you take sad vie ws of life, Lady Ennismore." . ! " I am older than you are, and that explains it," said Lady Ennismore,. and', again- she1 smiled. "But here we are at home," she con itinued, for they had now reached a w^ll which fenclosed the private grounds of Brackenford at 'this spot, and in which there was - a small locked" doorway which . Lady - EnniBmore 'opened with a key. Inside this wall everything, told of wealth. The house at Brackenford was built literally on the hillside, but the hillside was cultivated and adorned, and art as well as nature had .contrived to make the place wonderfully beau tiful. There were rustic bridges over a gush ing little stream that fell gurgling down arti ificial cascades and rockwork, and murmured .through wooda andr thickets"and' ferns, while-; iabove all, towering up grand and' I grey, were ithe great hills which no hand had "touched. ? The house was picturesque,- though-some fwhat fanciful. Mr. Maiden had been a rich inanj.a very rich inarF, and he' haid" built .his jhouse without counting the .cost. Then: the: funfortunate young "Norman Maiden, who had . Idied such an untimely death, had added and iimproved .upon! his fathers plans. .. And . his . \- iproud mother had decorated the interior of the t iplace afresh after her husband's -death, for Ispine titled bride, whom it was whispered she jhad urged her only son to bring to his home. Now, father, mother, _ and- son alike were ?:? igone. The-rich furnishing remained, :but the; jpfoud old dame who . had bought if had been .carried away with a broken heart "from the imidfit of her. splendor. Lady Ennismore . had . linherited everything, all' the vast property, .the icoal mines, the iron works, and Lord Ennis-. :more was a very rich man, and the child heir . !to a great inheritance. : Roche could not help thinking what a lucky ilittle fellow this child was as he walked through :the place with the beautiful mother. His' own childhood had been a somewhat sad and neglected one. He could .remember neither his father nor his motherland he had-been brought up by his uncle, Colonel Roche, of the (Engineers, wno was a. hot-tempered : soldier,. 'fond of his own way, of wine $rid good living, and devoted to nis profession, and; a very ardent admirer of the fairsex. v'-j.' I With this narrow-minded, though, "brave and ihonorable man (for-Golonel Roche was a dis tinguished soldier and had seen hard work and Ihad taken his place right gallantly in the front' during the last thirty,years) Francis Roche had spentms childhood and boyhood. . ;. Wherever his uncle went he had taken the iboy. ' Francis Roche had thus been a great ;traveller and had roughed it in many places,. 'though, to do Colonel Roche justice, he always did what he thought best for. his nephew. In ;his way he was fond of him. But the colonel was only fifty-a handsome, soldier-like man still-and he might marry, arid so he had never [called Francis Roche his heir, nor encouraged iany expectations of the kind.' He allowed the yminer man one hundred a year, and it was 'understood between them that whenFranois 'got his captaincy that this allowance should cease. Thus Francis Roche had been peculiarly without home ties. He went to stay with his uncle during his long leave each year, wherever .Colonel Roche happened to be stationed, and he wrote to him each month, and this was all he jever saw of his relations. "Make your own way, my boy, with your sword," the colonel once told him. "You 'bear an' honorable name, live to make it more ihonorable, and when you die let your epitaph Jbe a gallant soldier's." : Somehow Francis Roche knew by that subtle instinct with which we discern the real ' feelings of those around us that however early he died the death of a " gallant soldier" that 'this event would not break his uncle's heart. .He was justified, therefore, in saying somewhat : sadly to Lady Ennismore, as they walked. through the beautiful grounds of Brackenford and as he thought of the happy fate of the \- iyoung heir of all this wealth and so much love, that ne (Francis) always felt himself so lonely intheworld. " I have no one .who particularly cares for met' he said.'' "Everyone else has a mother or lister, I think, but I have no one-no one to lovie me nor to think about me, Lady Ennis mo e. If I were to die to-morrow there is nob a single pereon who would shed a tear over my grave." . . These , words seemed to touch Lady Ennis more's sympathetic nature very deeply. Her delicate skin flushed and she bit her lips, and : for a moment or two made no answer to the iyoung man's complaint. Then, when she did speak, her voice was faltering and broken. " How can you tell," she said, "who cares jfor you-who thinks of you-you-may have friends that you never guess of ?" "I fear notj" answered Francis Roche with a little laugh, "and yet the strangest thing ;happened only lately, Lady Ennismore." And. he proceeded to tell her the whole story of the mysterious five hundred pounds with which he 'had been presented by Mr. Twiss in the lady's wardrobe in Buckingham Palace- road. Lady Ennismore listened and was apparently very much interested in the tale. "It is a Btrange thing indeed," she said. " Well, then, you see my words are true-some one must love you and care about you, or this never would have happened." "I cannot understand it," answered Roche, "and when I called the next day the old ! woman would give me no satisfaction; She Baid the lady sent her love and would always think of me or some Buch folly." And Roche laughed. " Then how can you say you have no one to care for you?" said lady Ennismore, speaking more lightly than she had hitherto done. " Ah, Mr; Roche, perhaps, too, some pretty young maiBen will be caring very deeply for you one of these days?" " Pretty, young maidens do not as a rule care for penniless soldiers, Lady Ennismore," an swered Roche with another laugh and perhaps ? a little self-consciousness that . he had not been without, pretty young maidens to admire him even as ne was. "No, ImuBt be content, I suppose, to remain an old bachelor like my uncle." . , While Roche was still speaking they met a lady on the narrow path on which they were walking, who stopped and addressed Lady Ennismore. . ? . "I am glad to see that you have met the young ladies, Lady Ennismore," she said, " I confess-I was beginning to be a little uneasy about Julia-I always am a little uneasy 'when she is alone with Miss Drummond-Miss Drumxnond has such very high p.pirits." " They are all right," answered Lady Ennis more smiling. " They met Mr. Curzon, whom I dare say you remember, Miss Sinclair-and Mr, Roche.'" Roche, as he took off his hat, looked with eome interest in Miss Sinclair's face, who was the governess of Lady Ennismore's children. An attractive woman was this governess, Caroline Sinclair, Not in her first youth, not exactly handsome either, but with a certain gjraca both about her face and her slim slight fagure which made up for absolute beauty. She had a pensive expression and dark eyelashes and eyebrows, while her hair was light. Her teeth were strong and white and far apart from each other, and she had a profound (though veiled) self-admiration and self-consciousness. "Mr. Curzon?" she repeated after Lady En nismore had spoken, looking all thewhile as if she were trying to remember the; name. "Do I recollect him? Let me see-was he a slight, good-looking youth?" , She remembered him perfectly as she said thiB. She had flirted with Walter Curzon two years ago, but it did not suit her- to admit this now;" Lady Ennismore laughed. She knew,quite well, that her governess remembered- ulr. Curzon, for Lady Ennismore knew her gover ness's character better than her governess sup posed. "Set she only laughed, for she noticed many of the weaknesses of those around her only with a smile. Miss Sinclair thought her self very much cleverer than Lady Ennismore, and -Lady Ennismore was content that she should think so. There was very little vanity about one of these .women and an immense amount of vanity about the other, but the vain . one was notthe clever one. Lady Ennismore's ? mind waslarger, her intellect more acute, her judgment inore sound than her governess's. But in one thing. Miss Sinclair had perhaps the advantage. Her heart was colder, aria this ; spared her many; a pang which wrung the ; warm, proud, tender; sympathetic Lady En nismore: . . "Here is Mr. ?Gurzon himself," said-Lady Ennismore .still smiling, looking round at the group, of young, people behind, who had now nearly approached them. " Do you remember him.now, Miss.Sinclair ?" ! The governess looked at Mr. Curzon and faintly smiled, while the. young soldier ad vanced with outstretched hand to greet her. " How are you, Miss Sinclair ?" he said. "It is a long -time since we met-I am glad to see you again.". ; " l-I-was trying to remember you," said Miss Sinclair, " when Lady Ennismore men tioned just now'that you were here. Ah-I think I do now-you used to play with the children, did you not, in the schoolroom at Qtterley ?!' . ; "Yes," answered. Curzon, turning very red, "I used to play with the'children." And Miss Sinclair smiled gently, feeling with satisfaction that she had snubbed Mr. Curzon. . ; CHAPTER" VI.-LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM; ; Had anyone asked Francis Roche what he thought of. Brackenford .during, the ;next few days he would probably have answered :that it was the most delightful: place in. the whole world. :. ; So at least it seemed to him. Lady-Ennis more was- the most charming woman he had fever met,, he had told, himself many, times, and Lord- Ennismore was the jolliest, the kindest, the very best fellow he knew. The atmosphere fef.the.whole.house..was so genial and full of life'that young people were particularly happy there.1 And more than once" as the early November day closed in Francis Roche had. met by-chance among the dusky fir trees a bright faced girl, herself the very incarnation of youth, nope, and happiness. I This was Helen Drummond. Helen had always walked about the grounds a great deal alone when she stayed at Brackenford, and she gaw no reason why she' should not do so now. Somehow Francis Roche had discovered this. They had encountered each other, on a certain evening on. one of the .narrowpaths among the firs,;Helen taking her usual exercisejjefore'she dressed" for dinner aind Roche on his road to the-, house, having left the sportsmen- on the . hills somewhat earlier than usual. ^ ? ; They, .were very-pleased to meet each other.J-. IThe cold misty air had brightened Helen's bright cheeks, . and Roche could just seer; the glad look in her eyes and the glad smile on her. lips when she recognised him. 5 " I never expected to have the good luck to ineet you at this hour," said Roche. - i " Thatis-because you do not know my ways, ianswered Helen smiling. This is my favorite hour, "and nearly every afternoon! have a. walk in the' gloaming-as we north-country people call it." - ? " And what does Miss Sinclair say asked Rochei," also smiling. " - : "l am not one of Miss Sinclair's pupils,"; paid. Helen. "She gives me lessons in music sometimes-when'I ani here, andv that.is all-I \- ^ion't like Miss Sinclair !'r * .. \ " She is a graceful-looking woman, I think. " I " Yes, perhaps j -but she's not true, not honest I am certain that she is not." . ' ; "What decided oginionshave!" , : : Helen laughed a girl's bright, glad laugh. . \ - "Of course I have," she said. "Ilikepeopla ammensely, or I dislike them immensely.' . "I hope, then,' you don't dislike me im mensely?' . ; Helen laughed again, and this time blushed a little, but it was too dark for Roche to see her blush. . ;_ - ."May I turn with you ?" said Roche the next minute. "I too like this hour, and the stillness, andthe mist, and the ghostly look of the fir trees. But are you not afraid, Miss -Drummond, to be out in a lonely place like this without anyone to take .care.of you? -A.ro you not afraid of robbers or ghosts? '' How could robbers get into the grounds ?" ,said Helen, laughing "and as for ghosts, I'm sure they woii't.hurt me, for I never did any harm;to any one." ' " - ; "I:believe 5that," said Roche fervently,, and his tone and" manner were pleasant to the young girl's, heart. ; This 'was the first walk that these two young people; took beneath the. dnsSv "firSj-but it was not. the last. Before they parted on this first - 'occasion Roche asked Helen if she would meet him again to-morrow. 'YWe've had -the jolliest walk," he said? as - for a' few minutes they stood behind the wall of one of Lady Ennismore's conservatories before parting; " the. jolliest walk I ever had. in my /whole life, Miss Drummond. Do you think- you will come out at this, time to morrow;?" "I nearly always have a turn out at this 'hour," answered Helen lightly, "but I must go-in now-I want some tea before I dress." i Roohe followed Helen into Lady. Ennis Imore's drawing-room a few minutes after this.. Some country visitors were there drinking tea, and Helen was standing with her sealskin hat "in her hand, talking m her . usual bright animated way to these visitors. ; They were the two maiden sisters of the Rev. Peter Prescott, rector o£: Mortonbury. ? The Rev- Peter was a bachelor, and Miss Prescott and Miss Dorothy Prescott lived . at the " rectory house, which was half a mile out of the little town. They were two elderly, faded ladies these, full of good works, but jealous /withal of their reverend brother. Mortonbury was a good living and Peter was simple about women his sisters said, so neither widow nor maid was very welcome at the rectory. They guarded Peter as jealously as the cat does her kittens. Peter was on the wrong side of forty certainly, but the Misses Prescott knew (perhaps from experience) the determination vo£ designing females in want of husbands. They tnerefore watched the rector with lynx eyes. The Rev. Peter, indeed, was no doubt well worth looking after in the way of matrimony. . The rectory of Mortonbury was in the gift of, a freat ducal house, and while at college Peter 'reseott had had the good fortune to risk his own life one day in a "very gallant and success ful effort to save the life of young Lord Algernon, who was the second son of tne great ducal house, and who would certainly nave been drowned but for the bravery of Peter Prescott. Lord Algernon did not forget this. Peter : got his first. curacy in a manufacturing town and labored there m his quiet and unobtrusive way for many years.. Then,, at the age of ninety, old Mr. Moon, the rector of Morton ibury, retired into the sparsely-filled graveyard : of that town, where people rarely die except when full of years. Upon this event occurring Lord Algernon ; reminded his father, the duke, that if it had |not been for Peter Prescott the duke would now have had no second son. The duke ?accordingly.desired the reotory of Mortonbury, fworth over two thousand a year, to be pre .sented-to the Rev. Peter Prescott, who was ; still contentedly working among his knife -grinders. Had Peter .suddenly been elevated to the peerage he could not have been , more sur prised. Years and years had passed -since he had fished Lord Algernon out of the waters of the Cam «and he had never seen him. Two 'brace of grouse had certainly every year arrived at the curate's humble lodgings in I Sheffield, with Lord Algernon's compliments, ; but.this was all. Peter used to smile to him self sometimes when he got the grouse, re \- membering the white agonised face of the i young lord in his death-throes in the river. But Peter made no sign and asked no favor. . Lord Algernon had forgotten him he supposed, and the Sheffield curate was a very hnmble ; minded man and was. content that: it should ;beso. Imagine then his utter surprise when the : duke presented- him with a living worth two ; thousand a year, and when he received a . kindly, well-expressed, and grateful letter from Lord Algernon. " Do not suppose," wrote his lordship, " that I have ever for a moment forgotten your great 'bravery, when at the risk of your own life you . undoubtedly saved mine. But I waited to tell : you this1 until something worthy of you fell ;out. They tell me Mortonbury is a good .living and that there is a nice rectory-house ; attached,. May you live in it long, my dear ;Prescott, and if the rector of Mortonbury will honor me occasionally with an invitation to visit him nothing will give me greater pleasure than to clasp once more the honest). : hand which plucked me so gallantly froia tho I grasp ol death." A tear dimmed Peter Prescott's grey; and serious eyes when he read this.letter. He had been unjust to this true-hearted gentleman, he was thinking, and to be unjust was grievous to the soul of Peter. He sat down and wrote a few words to his noble friend-cold, even stiff ?words, perhaps; but bad Lord Algernon seen' him kneeling with his long, lank figure and with his lean hands clasped while he prayed in heartfelt accents that all blessings might fall on Lord Algernon's head, Lord Algernon would have understood better the man's simple and tender nature. As it was, Lord Algernon felt that he had done his duty and paid his life debt, and the Rev. Peter Prescott was congratulated en all sides. His parishioners presented him with an address and a silver salver; his vicar fawned upon him, and as for his vicar's daughters well,. Peter felt more at ease when he saw the last of Sheffield. But- he went' away with the goodwill of all men. Women had scarcely looked at him..-He was poor,, he was lean, he was ugly; therefore what charms had he in the eyes of women ? They piostly look to the husk and riot to the good grain within. But if he had.no lovers among them he had no enemies. " fie .was a good creature," they said and none of them had heard the . story, of his. having..saved..Lord. Algernon until-the unexpected gift of the rich living told the tale. .. .. But.if this gift gratified the simple kindly heart of Peter words cannot'describe how it gratified and delighted th6 somewhat narrow and soured hearts of his two maiden sisters. These ladies were/ then living together in ,a . small country town in a poor, little house,: where their father, the late Rev. Peter Pres cott, had been. perpetual curate over forty, ; years. They were leading only a very meagre and struggling existence, though their brother, the curate at Sheffield, in'^ariably contrived to spare them fifty pounds a. year out of'-his own scanty income. For the rest they kept a day ' school for young ladies, but young ladies did not flock in any overpowering numbers to the' Misses Prescott's:establishmeiit. . When, therefore, jone morning, there arrived a letter with the Sheffield- postmark from Peter . to tell his sisters the good and unexpected news : Of .his promotion these poor ladies were, almost overcome with joy. Dorothy, who had1 a ; tendency to heart-disease, nearly fainted; but Contrived nevertheless to read to the end of ' the firat letter before she "gave in." i < This letter not only contained- the news of ? the Rev. Peter's appointment to.the.reotory of Mortonbury, but it contained also a kindly ' and generously-worded offer to his two poor feisters of a home at. the.new rectory-house. : "They tell me'it is a pretty healthy place," wrote the .kind Peter, "and I trust, my dear sisters, that some happy days of rest are now" before you, and . that you will both live long to enjoy, them. Give up your little school, of course, at once, and come to Moritonbuiy as soon as you can. I enclose a cheque for inci dental expenses j" and so on.y . : The cheque was for fifty pounds, and the hearts of the Misses Prescott were greatly up-: lifted. They-who had had such sombre grey tmted lives found .themselves suddenly in an . atmosphere of sunshine,. prosperity, and . flattery. _ They held their meagre necks higher f than their wont, and walked with proud and ; elated, footsteps during the rest of their stay in ' the little country town* .where often and often they had had such a hard pinch for daily - bread. Then they "Sjld their scanty furniture and went to- live at the rectory-house at Mortonbury. ' : . They found'it to be a "place fit for the resi dence of the highest gentleman in the land,"/ JVIiss Dorothy wrote to one of her old friends in-', the little country town'where they had kept the. School. Old Mr. Moon, the late .rector,, had been a man of taste and of wealth, and . there .were conservatories and vineries at' Morton bury arid flower-beds glowing in all the beauty 'and glory of summer when the- two faded 6isters.arrived there.just when the evening sun ; was setting over the grand grey hills in. tho background. , It seemed . scarcely real at. first this great change, and then little by little the Misses -. Prescott got accustomed to their new position and settled down in their comfortable, home. The-butcher came for orders, and they almost forgot the time when they could scarcely get " credit for the; end of a neck of mutton. Yet,; perhaps, it was the memory of the "hard times"' long ago that.made them watch their brother so. jealously if an unwedded woman approached the rectory. . ; At all events they did watch him. ! When . iHelen Drummond and Francis "Roche went ;into Lady Ennismore's drawing - room and found them drinking tea there, the Misses'. .Prescott' were both thinking of their brother-' arid thinking of him with some uneasiness.. .The cause of this uneasiness was that the Rev. Peter Prescott had been seen a day or two be j -fore talking in the main street" of Montonbury I to Miss Sinclair, Xady. Ennismore's governess/ Thus the Misses Prescott felt uneasy,' and their " visit on this occasion to Lady-Ennismore was caused by this feeling. . ' ' I ; " And your daughters, Lady Ennismore," Miss Dorothy was saying, juskas Francis Roche 1 entered the room, "I hope they are well?" "Quite well," answered Lady Ennismore : courteously. . ' ' ?. "And-a.nd," continued Miss Dorothy with a little hesitation, "have you still the same young person to overlook their studies that you formerly had ?' "Miss Sinclair? Oh, yes," said Lady Ennis Tnoro smiling, for the Misses Prescott's anxiety about their brother was well known in the .'place. _ "Miss Sinclair!" said-Helen Drummond in her bright, frank way; "Oh! she quite an in-' stitution here, Miss Dorothy. Do you think her very handsome? All gentlemen think her so handsome, don't they, Mr. Roche, arid so ^graceful looking?" " ' Roche laughed, for - he saw- the girl was ' amusing herself. . " Of course I admire her," he said." " I see nothing in her to admire," said Miss Dorothy tartly, forgetting. that a moment, before she had pretended she scarcely knew whether Miss Sinclair was at Braokenford or not. At this moment Miss Sinclair arid Julia and Maud Bingham entered the drawing- room. "Icould not-get»the silk matched in the. village, Lady Ennismore," said Mis3 Sinclair, alluding to some silk for Lady Ennismore's embroidery; ' ' but if |you wish it,-1 can write for it to town this evening ?' "Thank you," said Lady Ennismore. "I don't know,' she added; "whether you know these ladies,. Miss Sinclair? Miss Prescott, Miss Sinclair-Miss Dorothy Prescott." The three ladies bowed atthis introduction -the Misses Prescott very stiffly, Miss Sin clair very graciously. "I have not had the pleasure of meeting you before,"' said Miss Sinclair in her calm, lady- . like way, "but I know your brother, the irector, very well-we have just met him." ? "Audacious hussy," thought Miss Dorothy, and she gave an audible grunt of disapproval and moved uneasily on her chair. * "He gave us such a beautiful sermon 011V Sunday," continued Miss Sinclair. " He seems ' to understand the human heart so well." An amused smile quivered for a moment over Lady Ennismore's Bps at these words. She was cleverer than her governess; and Miss Sinclair sown feelings were too'blunt quickly I to understand the feelings of others. j "My brother is no fool," answered Miss Dorothy, "he is not easily taken in." ; "No, indeed, I should think not," said Miss' Sinclair, with a calm, lady- like superiority of tone to Miss Dorothy's quick irate words,- for the poor jealous sister's uneasiness was begin ning to dawn on the governess's mind. " But .clergymen must be so greatly tried. I dare say people often go to him and pretend to be, poor, and all that kind of thing, just to get money? And it must be so hard to refuse an appeal of any kind, don't you think so, Lady .Ennismore?" . " My good friend, Mr. Prescott would not, I ? am sure, like to refuse anyone," said Lady Ennismore. .."But he can see through people," said Miss Dorothy, with surprising bitterness of accent, and then she suddenly paused, for the Rev." Peter Prescott and Lord Ennismore at this instant actually walked into the room. "Well, Miss Dorothy, and who is it that ;can see through people?" said the genial lord, .advancing with outstretched hand to the rector's sister.* "Were you talking about me when I've got my bran new glasses on ?" And Lord Ennismore gave his hearty laugh. 'Presscofcfc . was speaking of her . brother, _ said Miss Sin2lair in her soft even toned voice. " She was saying that Mr. Pres cott" (and Miss Sinclair smiled at Mr. Pres cott as, she said these words) " is not easily taken m by people who try to delude him." "Ah, my friend!" said Lord Ennismore, laying his big brown hand on the rector's lean shoulder, "you wait .till some pretty young woman tries to delude you, and then .we'll see whether you're easily taken in jor not1' We're all the same, Prescott," he added, and again his jovial laugh rang through the room. " women can make fools of us just whenever it pleases them!" The rev. rector of Mortonbury blushed from bashfulness as Lord Ennismore said this, and Miss Dorothy Prescott from rage. "That's a strange thing to say, I think, Lord Ennismore," she said. " What, that women can make fools of us ' Ah, my dear lady, I've no doubt if you would tell us the truth that you have been at Eve's work yourself before now!" And again Lord Ennismore laughed. This compliment rather mollified Miss Dorothy, But still she felt that it .wa3 her duty to go, "Martha," she said, looking at her elder sister and gathering her various and manv tmted wraps together; "it ia time we were' moving-Peter, you mil see ua home?" Once more Peter blushed. "I have promised to-ah-dine with Lord Euaismore," he said. Miss Dorothy gave a nervous shiver. " You had better see us home, Peter," she repeated. "Kenseuse, nonsense," saicl Lord Earns more. "Stay and dine with U3 yourself, Miss Dorothy." , "It is impossible," replied Mi33 Dorothy, thinking of her dress. "Then I'll see you home myself," answered the genial Irishman. " You wouldn't take a young man like my friend the rector here away from all these charming young ladie3! No, "no, come along, Miss Dorothy, I'll see you safely home." _Miss Dorothy gasped twice arid then yielded. It was dangerous to leave Peter, bub it was something to be escorted home by alOrd, and so Miss Dorothy yielded. " As Miss Dorothy and her sister quitted the room the rector eat meekly down on a chair, feeling exceedingly foolish. He had scarcely done so when he found Miss Sinclair sitting next him. ? : "I was. just .telling: your sister," she said, V how charmed I was with your sermon on Sun day-£ou understand tlie human heart so well, Mr. Prescott." For the third time since he had entered the room the Rev. Peter;blushed. " I-I-I try to get along," he said. "You know everything,'I think;" said Miss Sinclair modestly. " You-are indeed gitted." Pfeter grasped.the arm of his chair. He felt powerlees while this glib-ton^ued woman kepti whispering'her flatteries in his ear. (To be continued.) 