INDUCTION.. , / 7\. VjVow! pnr W. MaitlandCcespondeht.) The Induction 01 the Kev. J!., a. anaersou, olate- of Hughenden, Northern Queensland, ritftb the 'onre of St. Paul's, West Maiand, .toolcjplaee on Sunday, the '22nd instant. The "oeremony was performed by, Canon "SeIwyn, Vioar General. , . . . '.rA'new idea has sprung np_ inthis diooese which we nnderstand owes its invention to iiihe Bev., Coles Child, namely to have a set form of Institntion, in which the reading in 'tof the new incumbent is so far manipulated .that all .questions of doctrine (which is_the -Question of questions just now) are rigidly Poinded. The law says that the clergyman .oh -the first Lord's day that he oflBoiates shall publicly'! and openly in the presence of the congregation there assembled, read the thirty . nina artloles of religion, and iiqpiediately after -reading them make a solemn declaration of . his- asBerii to thern. Now when we know that -the thirty nine articles contain the doctrines of'the Chnroh of England, the laity may be forgiven if they view their sappression with an' amount df alarih and suspicion, especially in'theso days, when so many of the clergy of 'the Chnroh of England are day by day draw ing nearer to Roman Catholic doctrine, re- .gardless of all Taw, either moral or divine; and the laity may be pardoned if they evince a deep, interest in seeing that the law is 'maintained and not broken as was the case in this instance. Tbe'.Indnction ceremony, commenced after 'the third collect in morning prayer bad been said ; the Vicar General calling unto him the -church wardens, to whom he introdnced the new incumbent. The printed form of Insti tution which was distriboted abonc the ohurch provided for the clergy and. chnrchwardens leaving the chnroh as the legal act of Induc tion (whatever that means): bat for some reason this part of the ceremony was dia- ipensed with. . The Vicar General taking the new minister to the Eont addressed him as follows : Be thou freqnent in admonishing thy people, that they defer not the Baptism -of their children ; and diligent in seeking cat 'and bringing any nnbaptized persons in this "pairieh to the Holy Sacrament of Baptism." to Which the new minister replied : " I will, the iLbrd being my helper." 'At -the Prayer Desk the Vicar General said : " Be then diligent in the saying of public and private prayer, devont and reverent in the 'bondnot of the services of this holy place," |-tb whiob the following reply was given : " I 'Will, .the Lord being my Helper." ! Taking the new inonmbent to the Lectern, ' the Vicar General addressing him said : " Be then diligent in the study and reading ol 'God'e Holy Word, according to thy vow at 'Ordination," to-wbich the new inonmbent re plied, " I will, the Lord being my Helper." At the pulpit, the Vicar General said : " Be -tbon diligent in preaching God's Holy Word, and in the use of pnblic and private monitions <and ezbortations, as well to the sick as to the whole, according to thy vow at Ordination," 'to which the earns reply was given. ' Taking the new minister to the oommnnion frails, at which he knelt, the Vicar General said : "'Be thon diligent and fn qnent in the "adminiEtration of the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Snpper, that thy people faint not by ' the way," to which the same reply was given as before. After which, the Vicar General turning to -the people; said : "I charge and exhort you, .dear people and chnrchwardens of this par ish,, to pray continually for this ypnr minister, who is set over you in the Lord, and to assist him to the best of your power in' all the duties of bis holy calling ; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." At the request of the Vicar General the people stood during the ceremony. Between each exhortation . appropriate passages of ;Boriptnre werejread,. and at the conolnsion a was sung, atter which the sermon was ''y Vicar General, who took for ,;his 'text,- Phil. 2. 5. " Let this mind be in you,- r. which waa also in Christ Jesns." -.The preacher pointed out that it was poe- . sible that St. Paul never spoke to our Blessed , Lord; ; but the latter part of bis life, from ..irhat is called bis conversion, showed that he f.®d an.! insight into his master's mind, itlie yery secrets of Christianity. If a man has not the mind of Christ he cannot attain We bear sometimes of ohristian. duty but seldom of this matter : "The Mind of Christ." We should try and imakeiont.what God desires. ;We bad been . (.oalled' together this morning to welcome one as a brother in the Lord ; a stranger and yet .not, a stranger ; ;qne who .has been for many .yeafe under the close observation of the 'Bishop; and; one, who is so well respected by 'all,'- 'By oohsidenngtbe wbrdsof the text we may be abundantly blessed. " The mind of 'Christ ;" " Who, in the forni of God thought It' not ' robbery to be equaPwith God. But made himself of no repntatiob, and took upon ' bim the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men ; and being fonnd in fashion as a man, he humbled ' hfmsblf, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross." On our behalf be bore it all — revilings, everything. We are called to t-ain onrselvee to submit to these. Not to be sur- prised, as no donbt will be a faot, that he will find those men and women who will sorely try him. I ask you to think it nut how you can retain the relations subsisting between your minister and yourselves. Not your ser vant, bnt the servant of God. Not yon who are set to watch for garments or gesiuroB. It is a terrible thing to jndge a brother. Let them pray for a brother, and not to judge him. Your minister is set over you, and not yon over your minister. He comes well accredited by one who will shortly be here as the chief minister of this diocese. The morning prayers were read by the Rev. W. K. Colyer, and the Lessons by the new incumbent. There was a fair oongregatiou, three fourths of which were ladies ahd chil dren. At the conclusion of the service Holy Commnnion was administered by the Vicar General, at which there were five lay com- mnnicants. We understand that at the evening service the new inonmbent intimated that he intended to conduct the eervioes as they had been con- dncted, that he was aware that certain things bad been objected to, bat that he saw nothing that waS'Objectionable, The arrangements of the church and services were such as he had been accustomed to, and he was not a Ritua list, and he wonid not introduce anything .new, but leave the Ohuroh as he found it. Now we cannot help remarking that all this has an ominous sound, both for the peace: of the new incumbent, and for the peace of i St. Paul's parish. We know that two incam-j -bents who have preceeded him aaid the same,! but what was the history of their tenure of office ? Nothing but a series of broken ! pledgee, and canning evasione of the trntb. We exceedingly regret thatthenewincambent; can see nothing objeotionable in breaking the' law. The retention of the wooden cross npon -the commnnion table is a direct violation of ascertained law, and it is a sorry example for a minister to-set his people, for him to see nothing objectionable to retain a well-known pagan emblem npon the Lord's Table, when the law Bays it shall not be there. We equally regret that be should not see any harm (although he says he is not a Rita- list) ini. adopting the plan of the Ritnalists campaign. Standing up to the priest is essentially a jesniiic device to recognise the minister as a temporal snperior to land it over God's heritage and is in direct contravention of our Savionr's teaching. We notice by a paragraph in the local paper that the reverend gentleman is not a' party man. We would ask the writer of that para graph if bo knows what he is writing about, or if be! knows, does he not know what he- says to be untrue. We have no hesitation in saying from our knowledge of the services and practice at St. Paul's, Maitland, that the man -who can see no harm in them is blind, as blind as St. Pad was before his conversion, and belongs to a party of the most dangerous type. Our advice to our friends is to be firm, and not be led by those who have departed from the faith, nor give heed to seilncing ; spirits and the doctrines of devils ; speakiag lies in hypocrisy, having their conscience seared with a hot iron, bnt to pat their trust in God who, in His own good time, will avenge their canse. 