OR, : The Golden Thread of Love, — — — CHATTER XXXVIII,— A DECLARATION OF LOVE. CHAPTER XXXIX.— GALLED AWAY. CHAPTER XE— DISAPPOINTED. CHAPTER XLI.—FILI PRO'S STORY. CAAPTER XLII.— HOME TO ASH DOWN. CHAPTER XLHI.— BAFFLED AGAIN. I CHAPTER XL1V.— MOTHER AND CHILD. !/ CHAPTER XLV.— THE. STORY, Of LIFE. V ' CHAPTER XLVL— THE RETURN HOME. CHAPTER XLVIL— MRS. RUSSELL AND TIIB \- SIDNOUA. OUAITER XL VIII.— HUSBAND AND WIFE. CHAPTER XXXV.— Continued. Since tlion my life has presented no very startling 'occurrences or pequ- liar incidents. I liayo continued to learn tidings of Editli every now and ' then. Without this ;poor consolation: A should. have perished or heart- hunger, of inanition 'of the soul.:' -As long as I knew that she was well and happy, in her sweet and innocent fashion, I lived on and wa3 content—, dreary and monotonous though my own life was. Edith's happiness— that was all I expected or hoped for now. My own peace was utterly wrecked, my own life made purpose less, hub she would not. be made to suffer with me for what was, after all, wholly my own fault. "So things transpired peacefully, Until I ascertained — no matter how— 'that Mrs. Lindsay, : the- lovely young English, widow, wlio had lived, abroad for so many years, was returning home to a country seat she had purchased with the money her husband had left her, 1 on some beautiful river in lier native land. This fancy of hers made matters essentially different. ' I be came restless, unsettled and miserable, Until my resolution of following her was taken. " Admiral Graham was glad I had a fancy for travelling. He wished me to 'see the world,' as he expressed it. Alas, he did nob know how much of this same unsatis factory world I had already seen. My journey was taken with his full sanc- . tion and approval. The kind old man. His only regret was- that I could not make up my mind to marry Harriet "White, his niece — a red-haired Scottish lassie. ' I should have been pleased with the match, Horace, my boy,' he Said to me, in his odd, brusque way ; but love goes where it is sent, and .you cannot drive Cupid's doves in harness.' "Once in England I plotted a thousand ways of obtaining accurate intelligence of my wife-widow and her movements, each one more impracti cable than the rest. But chance, ever my friend, stepped finally in, when I ' was at my wit's end, in the shape of my friend, Tom Ward. Ho was , staying at Ashdown, the prettiest , place in England, the guest of the loveliest creature I had ever seen — I should say so myself, when I came to meet her, and she had graciously extended her invitation to his friend from Scotland. How my heart throbbed. Dare 1 accept it, or dare I not? Ho, my apprehensive heart answered at first — no. But why not? argued cooler reason, seconded by the wild wish that rose up tumul tously in my heart. I wp.s fairly mad, wild, frantic, to see her once again with my own eyes — my wife, my lost treasure, the gift I had put away from myself seven years ago. I must see her, at all hazards, if it were only for a second. I would not betray myself, but I was resolved to 'risk it. Besides, I told myself, I was so changed that thore need be no Teal risk, if only I could bo master of -myself. I had learned the lesson of self-contro'1 through years of discipline. I was quite certain that it would not fail me now. I accepted the invitation, and came to Ashdown. " Shall I ever forget the moment in which I stood face to face with her? More beautiful than before — more winning than ever — my wife, whom I must not call my own — my treasure, to whom I had voluntarily given up the right ! There was one clangorous moment in which lovo and passion threatened to usurp the throne of reason and common sense — iii which I could have thrown- all policy, all dis guise, to the wind, and taken her to my heart, boldly claiming her 'in the sight of all the world. Takon her ! Yes, takon her fair face, and waxen bloom, and startled, wistful eyes, but nob her heart, not hoi' inner self. The body without tho soul — tho casket without its jewel. I scorned such a poor victory as that, and, with an efi'ort, I retained my self- possession, and remained — Horace Masterton. " Ono fact I have satisfied myself of by this experiment. I love Edith as well — nay, bettor, than over. Time has but strengthened my affection, in stead of dimming its fervor. Now, under these circumstances, how long may I reasonably hope to maintain my incognito ? "It depends entirely upon myself. " If she care3 for this Sarsfield — nay, why do I shrink so foolishly .from tho word — if she loves him, my mission is complete. I can be generous still, with tho poor generosity that throws away what is worthless to itself and. all around it. I will sacrifice my life at the shrine of her happiness. To.all intents and purposes I have been dead for the last seven years ; it will be but one more determined deed to lift tho dark veil of shadows which separates mo from the world beyond,: and , pass, aetuallj' as well as nominally, into .the land whence I shall return no . more. But of this I am resolycd-rsbo shall declare her preference for hei'self. I will either live and be happy, or I will not live at all. " Once or twice, when we stood in the shadows that overhung tho peace ful river, she loolcecl at nie— she. spoke to lie its if Ho\y my heart, beat —how.: the blood boiled ' through my veins ! If, beginning this new ivorid which ;peems: to lie before, us both,?! could win, as Horace Masterton, the love, which never was mine as Lionel Lindsay— if sho; could be mine, heart and soul, why thou. I might dare, in time, to. tell her, this , secret which. I have hidden away in the inner depths of my own individuality so long. - "I thought this might bo a possi bility before I saw her . loaning ,on Sarsfield's arm - to-niglib, her . cheeks glowing, .. and ..-lier. eyes full, of that, liihpid softness I have watched so eagerly ' many a lime. Now,' it seems far off and . improbable ; I have hoped in vain. ..It- is useless, to think what might , have been, bub still I cannot tear myself away from the niorbid contemplation of my own' misery. I ain like. -tho. con victed prisoner , waiting to lipar his sentence , of condemnation from the lips of the judge, though; he already knows perfectly well what it will be. Thore_ is a fascination of being near hoi'— in hearing the tones of . her voice, even in sweet, words; spoken to others, which I cannot voluntarily forego, and I. will not. There are few enough blissful drops in my cup. of joy— it would be -madness for mo to throw them away when they sparkle at my very lips ; So farHoracoMasterton had written, when ho folded up the book, replaced it once again iu the . portfolio, -and locked the latter slowly arid mechani cally. And when lie leaned back ohce again in the chair,: pressing his hand to his forehead as if weariod and: ex hausted, the white light ,from the: wax candles shone . upon a face strangely worn and haggard. t " This life -of constant, self-iropfes- 'sion and watchfulness," he murmured, almost under his breath, ; " it is l wear-: ing me out. When will it end ?" ' The hours waned by, and still lie sat there, the candles burning iiway in the silver sockets, and the rose-leaves filling the air with faint sweetness- sat there in -his own house, . with his own wife separated from him but . a few doors and corridors, as utterly alone as if he had been a sheeted ghost, risen up from the dead 1 . CHAPTER XXXVI. looking into her own heart. The days at Ashdown went by, one by one, like the pleasant lapses of a dream. There were boating parties, picnic groupings, croquet matches, and some times, when the sultry August heat seemed to put anything like active exertion out of the question, there were long days spent under the shadow of the elm trees on tho lawn, with the humming of bees, and the odor from the rose-garden weaving summer visions around them. - , The guests lingered op, .jnagy ,of them beyond tho limits o,riginally ap pointed for thoir stay. There wos.-bufc- little change or alteration in their number, witli tho exoeption of ^Made line Grainger and her uncle, wlio had loft rather abrubtly. Mr. Ward had . returned to the practice of his profession in London ; but, somewhat to liis surprise, " Mr. Horace Masterton had, concluded to prolong his stay a few days,,. "All right, Horace," said the lawyer, with a knowing little nod of the head'. " Thei'o are many more disagreeable places to stay at than Ashdown'.'1 Two among the party of guests werp | as uninterruptedly happy as it is in the I nature of humanity to bo — Mr. Somers | and Linn Russell. Tho suit of the former had met witli I tho full sanction and approval of Mr., j and Mrs. Russell ; in fact, Mrs. Rus- j sell was not a little flattered, and de lighted at the prospect of her fair little daughter's good fortune. " I've lived a contented, hard working life all my days," sho said, "but that's no reason niy daughter should and, only think of it, thoy say he has a clear income of .£(5000 a year!" .. ...... 1 .. . ! ' " They say, my dear," said the Rev. Mr. Russell, "that he is. a young man of good character and excellent moral principles, .which is more to the point." "That is a matter of course," said his wife. "It is not always a matter of course, my dear." " Well, at all events, it's an excel lent match for the child, and I do wonder what Frank and Rose will say when wo write the news to them." . For the rector's wifo was in a flutter of delicious excitement at the not very distant prospect of a wedding at Sun nyvale, which should corae up to her, idea of what a wedding should be. Rose had been quietly married, as befitted her modest alliance and not pecuniarily plenteous circumstances ; but Lina's -wedding would be a very difierent thing, the mother mused, with visions of orange flowers, white reps silk at half a guinea a yard, and a bridal cake which should be like unto a segment of tho Alps in its snowy splendors of ornamentation. "Linn will make a pretty bride,'' thought Mrs. Russell, complacently. " Girls with fair skin and blue eyes always do look well in white !" As for Mrs., Lindsay, she felt herself being gradually drawn more and more into a region of enchanted dream life — -how, and why, she could not have explained to herself, though sho felt the mystic, influence. What- was it? In what did. it consist? Was Ashdown under, a spell.?— or was. her own heart changed unconsciously within. her? : Mr. /Mnstorton and .' .Sydney - Sars field haunted, her footsteps with; per sistent attention,., as. oayaliers of .the olden time migl it; have kepi; jealous watch . over some . precious' j ewel of cherished; maidenhood. ; Edith felt it, and yet she did not resbiit it— on the contrary, there : was a sliy pride in it which sho i would not have acknow ledged oven to her own self ! . But Edith knew that the?- world was changing to her— nor did sho wish that aught should.be clillerent. : It was very sweet and strange, and it was as ; yet a mystery to her, -.' :v-.-:. -- y " Lina," she said, one night,, to .the fair-haired i. girj, after? they. .had gone upstairs together; and were. brushing out their hair in that demi-toilctte of white , muslin and - lace, which .is. so much" prettier than theformal draperies of " full dress"— " you are very happy, are you not?" ; - i...--' "-Yes, very," Lina answered, fer vently. ' " Always ?" . : : ; "Always,. Editli.'!' . . i;Ire;-Limisay,: with lier silky; black- hair hanging I'opsely.oyor-her shoulders, and the pearl- backed brush glimmering; through its jetty confusion, looked musingly at Lina. . t : What . is. it1 liber Lina; this . loye; that a woman feels towards the man wlio is to be all in all to her ? /fell .rao' !"' ' . vV'-'\ "Oh, Editli,". rbproached Lina,. gently, did- not you know it when you were engaged to Lionel ?" "I was not engaged to him much more than 20 minutes, you know, Lina," said- Edith, laughing, although a faint red: tinge came to her cheek. " But I stall not feel any differently after I am warned,' Editli." ' "Do not bo too sure of that, Lina." , , ; ' ' . ... ,. . . " " I could not love Egorfcon any more, Edith—of that I am quite, certain." "'Bub you may love him less." "No." - . -- Lina shook tho golden; down-falling masses .quite resolutely. ;. . ; .: " Tliat cannbt .possibly bo. What made . you think sucli a thing, Edith ?" "I don't know ; the. instinct ,.;of making, one's .self disagreeable, I sup pose. ' Bub .you havh'O told mo yet, Lina, what I Asked; you,?" v ," As if you did not know already." . Editli laid down her . brush, and, taking Lina's hand in hers, drew tho girl to a lew seat close by her side. (' But I would likb tb sbb what this love-dream is lilte through your ; eyes, just once, my darling;; ; How does lie look to you ?" Lina :laid .her bl.ushiiig cheek oil Edith's shoulder as she replied, in low, scarce audiblo tones — .. . . '.'.The noblest man in all the world —tho best; "the handsomest; There is no one like liiiri in my eyes'; he stands as high above the rest -of his species as a pfnice might tower above v a herd of low-borri peasants." I '.-.thought so," murmured, Edith, jyith - kindling eyes, L know it. ' Tell" mo moro, ; Lina. Do you . ... fpol . |iis j presence . thrill ing through .your veins, evoii ; wlieii you do riot sg'erpr. hear him ? ' Dobs the : very touch of his hand make the blood tingle in, yptir ptilses,? ..- v ; " Edith;" exolaim'ed the girl, raising her lieadj "'did ' you feel . so towards Lioiipl . (j Then I am right ?" '1'':XpS|..j'op,;ave riglit!" . , "Go pn, Linn, I am . listening." ; " And tlje tiipo.seeins lqng wlion lie is away; j. count; 'the moments and th'e hptird;. lie is all the. cldok 1 have ; yet vyh.bn he is by my sic)e, the. seconds are .winged, and go too fast." . , Editli Lent over and pressed her warmi/oft' lips to jijna's cheek. . " I am .not mistaken, Lina, she said ; j ftfis' loyei 'jil)atrlu$.ypn febh Love, Oh; Li ha; - w hat a mystery 'it'- is— what a grand, ahsorpipg, glpi'ious thing, the blossopi'ihgof lifo's century-plant, which fills the world' with . glory , once, and only once." f , : ' . Her. molting, dark" eyes were Humid with tears, lior face was strangely beautiful, as. Lina looked shyly up into its puro, perfect lilies. " Oh, Editli," she whispered, " you mu«t have loved him so tenderly, ancl lie is gone from you .for ever. It comos to mo now as it hover came before, the awful horror of widowhood." Edith sat silent, her fingers rest lessly weaving themselves in and out of a long golcloii tress which huiigover Lina's check. '( Heaven keep mo from it," mil- iiiurcd tho young girl, her sympathetic nature thrilled for Jhe other's sake, . "Them is a widowhood of tho heart which is worse than tho other, Lina," slowly returned Editli, -without raising her eyes. " Heaven keep you from that, child." , " What do you mean, Edith " Do you see that clock ?" said Editli, with a sudden return of laugh- ing vivacity, as she pointed .up to a small marble timepiece on the wall beyond. " Past 1 o'clock, and you aro to be up at 0 to-morrow morning, to make one of the boating party. It will be a clear day. D yu see how vividly the stars glow through the purple of the night sky?" " I did not know it was so late," said Lina,. penitently, as she rose and gathered up her little paraphernalia of toilet belongings. "You are going .with us, Edith ?"..,. "Yes, I promised Mix Sarsfield." " Good night, Edith.'': : " Good night, Lina." But, late as it was, Mrs. Lindsay did not seek her couch after Lina Rus sell had left her. She still sat with lier bjack hair rippling loosely over her shoulders, and her small hands clasped on her lap, thinking. " It is so strange," she murmured to herself. " I had fancied that my life would have passed away without this wondrous keynote of my naturo ever being styuck, and now — hitherto I have merely existed — now I am bo- ginning to live. There is no use in wilfully blinding myself farther ; I do love him. I do. Yet not for worlds would I have him read the secret of my heart, until— — — : " ...... And Edifchi paused, in. her discon nected reverie, with cheeks burning and- crimsoned. . She could not give her.loue unsought; she could nob even make a sign of what, lay in her heart. Ho, she musb drink that bitterest cup of womanhood, waitihg, and doubt, and- tremulous uncertainty. The nature which had/lain dormant for so long was roused at length, at the touch of . the arch-magician, Love. Editli knew, it and felt it, yet she was '.powerless, to. decide her own fate. , Of all created beings a woman can be , the happiest; or the most miser able.- Sho rose up and went to tlie win dow, where the fair elm-shadowed lawn of Ashdown lay before lier in the star light,. the. fountain glimmering faintly, and the scent of rose3 weighing down the air with- spice,.- In ,tho distance lay; belts of wooded upland, and the murmurous sound' of the river in the valley , rose up like : ah unsyllabled hymn in the silence of tho midsummer night. Truly- it. was- a- fair: domain,? and one of. which any -woman's heart, 'might bo proud,. ". ' , ; : : Yet Edith Lindsay turned away from its conteinplation - witli a low «i«h- - I would giyg it all- all," she. mur- miu'ed, passiphately, " to : be loved. I would exchange it for a cottage on the dreariest hill iff y the . world; witli his heart, to bear jno company." . The fluttering wild bird, Love; was caught at last. - . ..CHAPTER. XXVn;; the.riCNIO in the woods. " Edith, , Edith ! where are ypu ? We are all ready. . . Make haste 1" Isabelle Savsfleld's. sweet, clear voice rang ; from! the . lawn . in: front of the portico, -as slip stood swinging her white, parasol to and fro, the rest of the. party making their way. down the shelving pathway. ' which led to tho boatliouse on. the river's edge.. ; Edith liad returned to the house to give one last order . to Mrs. Piatt about the re freshments, which were to be -sent by the overland route, to .ineofc them ab a moss-carpeted ..grovej some 12 or '10 miles up the' rivdix , In. a minute, Bella— don't wait; I will overtake , you; :Miss Sarsfield' ioolcbd liiugiiingly at 'liey brother; who sto'dcV by Lor isido., ; Oortairily wo shall wait," ho said, 'quietly..--.;. h.-;-'. Edith was luirrying .-through the hall, her round - hat. hahgiiig 'by . its white ribboiis frpm lier; arm, when; as she passed tlie half-'opeh library door, she. saw , a figuro stretched listlessly on the sofa that filled the deep bay window. She stoppod suddenly. ". MriMasbertoh;!" " (c Mrs. Lindsay 1" " Oan it be. possible tliat that is" yOU?" .. V, . .' „,r-: '( You see it for yourself, Mrs. Lindsay,'' 1 was tlie some what iudifler- ently spoken response. . : _ . " But you afo to bo ohe of our party to-day ?!'. she asked eagerly, 1 "I think not." ' '' "Why?" , , The word was spoken quickly, and, perhaps,. with a spico of . imperibushpss in its tone. Mr. Mastprt<n clospd hip -book and looked; up, . the ; shadow- of-, a sinile hoyorihg ro.uiid liis 'lips'; -as' if;' he liked: to defy this; imperative' mod. " Because : I have iiob : yet been asked." , : -- . .. , . . ( : "Did you think . . It necessary to await a formal invitation ? " she asked, .relentlessly tearing in pieces a rose ''wjhich shoyyore in her belt, wliijb two round crimson spots glowed oh her cheeks,... ,.... , , j' I am not iii tlie habit of volunteer ing my society unasked." \- You Svaiit mo to invito you now 1 ' , " As, you please; Mrs.. Lindsay." ".You take advantage of my being your hostess, Mr. Masterton." (TO BE CONTINUED.; 