?AC1IKD TO TIIK MKMortV Of AGATHA, wim or sin iticiunD mirrLgiuu, t.knt,t Born Juno Bill, 18—, Died December lllh, 13—. 1 To Lady nartloigh I' iho murmured. 'Yea, that is Iho world's way. A huge, glaring tablet of stone is offered as an atonement for a llfo of wrong-doing, as a compensation for years of sulTcring. Such atonement and compensation as it is, aho ha. had paid to her ; but what atone ment haa been mado to tint other lullering woman, betrayed and descried ? I forgot. An atonement has been mado, and it is I who have snatched it— 1, tho daughter of tho betrayed, wronged, deserted woman 1 Atonement, do I eay ? What atonement could bo more complete ? 1, the child of tho deserted woman, and in tho placo of tho rightful heiress, am tho acknow ledged daughter and heiress, bear tho proud Hartlcigh name, wear tho family diamonds, can marry, II I choose, ibo holr to the titlo. Motherl and aho alrelched out her arms, with a passion ate sob ; ' haro I not already kept my oath ? What moro can you demand? What more? Is it not enouth 1 Mother, be satlifled I' With a goitnro almost of appeal, she let her arms fall to her sides, and with bent head moved from before tho tablot. Aa aho passed into tho deep shadows cast by ono of tho pillars, a sudden thrill ran through her — ono of thoio strang'o sensations by which wo are convinced that, hitherto unsuspected by us, we feel that some other human being is near Sho hoard nothing, saw nothing, yet she felt tbat something slrango and mysterious was near her. For the first time since leaving the terrace tear seized her. An intangible horror reached out a hand from tbo uuknown and touched her. White aa death, not trembling, but with ovcry limb as rigid aa tho stono figures on the tomb, sho leaned against the pillar and stared before' her. A minute— it might havo been an age— paascd, and sho waa about to mako a great effort to recover her presence of mind, when, with a horror no tonguo can dcicrlbo, sho saw a whito aulistanco gliding from the chancel. With noisoloes, regular movements, it Beamed to lloat down tho aisle, now lost in the shadows, now whito and distinct in tho moonlight. Cold beads of sweat stood on Maiila's faco With starting eyes she watched, powerless to move a limb or utter a cry: one thought alone pollening lior, In the sbapo of a vague prayer, that tho Something might not approach hor or Slowly tho whlto figure reached tbonavoand wai gliding toward tho door, when all at once, aa it came opposito to the tablet to the memory of I.aily llartlelgh, it threw up its arms, and turn ing full towards Maida. wailed mournfully: ' Mother I mother I' With an aitf ul horror, Maida saw that the faco wns that which sho had last seon lvlng cold and rigid in a far-away land. For ono moment she stared in speechless horror, and thon started forward, with a wild The faco turned from tho tablet, with an ex pression sf horror not lets than Maida s own, stared an instant, and then, with a rail, cried: ?You? Is it you, then?' The cry rang in Maida'a eara like a call from tho dead, and, with a piorcing scream, she sank It seemed to Maida that an ago had passed when sho rocovercd consciousness, and slowly, fearfully raised her head and looked at the spot wboro she had seen the accusing faco, Sho gavo a great gaap of relief when aho realized that sho was alone. Painfully she roio to her feet, mur ''?Vnvol been asleep, or— or was It a vliion ? No 1 Sucli things nre not possible. There are no ghost., snvoournwn evil consciences. And yet —and yet— oh, Heaven, how liko it waa 1 And— and— thero It stood— there; by her mother's tab let, uttering her name— crying ? mother, mother!' It was a dream — only a dream t but ono more auch dream would drive mo mad.' It was some minutes before she could summon sulllcieiit coursgo to leave tho abadow of the pillar and make her way to t'jo door ; but at last abe paned out ot the church, and dosing tho door behind her, stood in tho porch, drawing hor shawl around her, and struggling bard to gain composure.— (To he Costinuwi) LC 15 