TILE MOE COAL MINE. The following lettes has been published in the "Argus"' Sir,-On reading in your columns this morn. ing the report of the deputation from the reel dents of C alville to the Itailway Oinmiis signers I was very much struck with some of the information given by the chairman to the members of the deputation, and can only think that the feeling imparted into the discussion, " which is to be deprecatud," has in some wiy caused an oblivion of some of the fact of thie case. Hitherto I hlave not inter. ferred in the matter, as the tale Isa to be told later on, but in justice to the cimop u, and to the board of directors, for nod on oc. count of whom I am now writing to you, I canot allow some of the statements of the commnissioners to pass unecallenged. Taking the items "to bediseouted"In the repirtill tie order in which they occur. I coome to tihe slatemerit by the chairmoan 1\. That on receiving a letter from tile do partment they could not give more than 15i 7d a ton for the coal, the company replied that it was £1, anrd that if the department would not pay that the mine would he stopped. This is wholly incorrect. The mine was stopped because the company got formal notice on the 13th January that tile commissioners would not be, justified in paying more than 1ia 7d per. ton for the coal. To thie a reply oNis se7t ou the 16th to the efflect thiba trl liu woull bo stclpped because the price was ron duced below an amount at which the company could carry on. Not one word about £1 a tonr. Ina previous letter we had askedl it the department would give tie £1 per tou, but we never threatened to close the mine if they re Ioed to give us this price. 2\. Mr Speicht.-WVe gave them 13e I1i to start with, and after a while we gave them Is 6d more. Thin in alno incorrect. Tie company never sold any coal at 3s Sd. We started at 14s oer ton, and this went on for about 15 or 1I months at a stealy lose to the company. At the time of the New South Wales coal itriko in 1888, hir fillles, the then Miniistero f Rail waye, annoonced in Parliamist, in Sriotpiin ber, I think, of that year, that the uGovern ment would give 25. for all Viet.riani coal during the remalnder of tllhat year and 22Ili 1 afterwards. Time cosmmioionere intorireted this for lthemrselee, and toolk delivery of :ur coal for consumption at WVarragul, lior, Traralgon, Sal., and other stations along the line, but deducted the carriage to Melbourne, where at that time hardly ally wag haien, except during the strike. Si for the ieooailder of that year, ."nabout three mountlhs," we had 25i per ti o, ee s 11d for harlage to Mel. bourne -18. li per ton. Fromn the leot January, 1889, we had 22s GJ, len 64 lid carriage to Melbouon--ls 7d-althouoh at that t:me all our coal was kept up country for conlsnmptinuon the lippeland linos and savi: g the carriace of New douthLI Wiles col to Warratul. We have atways civen credit to the Minister of Railways of the day for this small but absolutely heceeary rise of is 7d per ton. Without this we sllhould tavo been shut up two years agIo. 3\. Mr Speieht then went on to sa) that the coal was not even worth ]ls 7d, tiat tlhee had been trials made, and that the coal was from 25 to 40 per cent. inferior to Newcastle coal that he had'given the company reclits ang they would not believe them, that he did nlot care to publinh them, as they were lunsati factory, etc., windinSg up with-" In fact, the drivers would not use the coal if they wot a ghost of a show of avoiding it," etc. Very nice this, but which for the present I will pas without comment, except as t , accracy again. I can assure Mir Spight that sto resulte have been furnished to this company, nltihough we understand two sets of trials lhaveo been made-one on the Ohikleigh line, the other from Speocer street. We coll on lMr SpIight to furnish us with these re~ultm, and as he has done all lie caII to blcaoen (lpardonl the atrocity) the character of the loie rool, we ask him to pulhlish them also if he choonse. le sase he did not publill them becalol they were uncatisfactory. We invite him oiln do o now after his public declaration. Mtr Speight also states in eoniection with lis figures th it half of the cool or more lhas been hrouciht to Melbourne. This was only during the strike, when we got daily messages from the railway storekeeper to try and double our outlput if possible, or on previous occasions when there' was only a few days oulpply at Spell rortreet arid unlts of allo at sea. WVitli these eucoll. tionsl venture to say that tlhreequarteri oil soan average of whbt coal we produc-rl nvcrr went beyoond Warnagul. Mr Speight can racily get returns and put nme in the wrong if this is not so. I am presuming on ohtbininlg a large piortioll of your space, but I must plead the great inportonce of the question and tihe anxiety that public opinion should not be prejudliced, also the great importance not only to the Meoe Company, but to the coal industry of Victoria. I have only written once-two years ago-on a coal question, when I had ho take exception to a statement given lo tihe press by the chairman of commlissioners as to the inferiority of Moe coal, and as the on. ecutive officer of the colmpanry, I have felt a delicacy in cuogling into acglict with the chair. man. obut moy duty to and instructions from ip directors would not allow me to be silent 0n0 tlhi occasionl. Thanking you to anticipation for the pci. vilege accordedl to me,-I am, etc., L. HENIDEItON. Secretary Moe Coal-mining Company Limited, 432 Collinstreot, Jan. 214. 