HobartSocial Gossip; PMlSS 8CHLAMP.1 ' 'Have you1, heard anything of Mrs .Alec T- fun's dance ?' ?'.??Tea, it was as thoroughly enjoyable as . those pleasant country re-unions always ',. are. Mrs Keun, sh Ainy A.llanby, was a great favourite, and after five or six years of happy wedded life it ianice to see them still surrounded by friends, as I hear the 'whole district was represented, and danc ?'I went to the Cathedral on Saturday morning to see MisB Cook married. It was a.veiy. quiet wedding, and the bride, wore a pretty travelling dress.' ' ' Was that the Miss Cook from England, who.has beon staying at Bish«p?court f 'Tea; she was united to the Rev. A. J. King, of Zeehan, and after returning to Bishopscourt, the happy pair left for New Norfolk.' ' Have you heard that Mist Hull, daughter of the ex-Deputy-Commissioner of Crown Lands, and grand- daughter of the late D. A. Commissary-General George Hull, of Tolosa, is to be married next week to young Mr Murdoch, grandson of the late Dr. Murdoch, of Risdon ?' ? Yes, but I hear it is also to be a very quiet affair, and tbe honeymoon, is to be passed in Launceston.' ,'.'.The 'Women's Sanitary Aasooiation held a ., meeting on Monday evening, Lady Hamilton presiding, and as one or two persons might like to hear the names of some of our ladies, it . may not be out of place to mention that Mrs . Dobpon, Mrs Scott, Mrs Bright, Mrs Anderson.Mra C.E. Davis, Mr8 Elliaton, Mrs Montgomery, Mrs Wilson, Mrs Belstead, Mrs Waller,and other ladies. took part in the various sub ?' '* jepta- of debate. . Lady Hamilton spoke well, and to the' point, by saying that if the paople would only combine with this association, everybody could assist every body, and no antagonism need be intro duced. She advised that they should adopt an educational line of action, then they would be working for the improve ment of the town for all time.' ?Does it not show a want of common \- sense upon the part of your assailant, to keip 'tormenting you with echoing the 'sorig'and the sigh of the weary?' and I do, devoutly hope our 'Hard times' will come again no more, as it is most distress ing to, see so many families in mourning.' .'.Yes, my dear, and it is hard to bo cheerful -when the black clouds lower; but they are lifting at last, as I hear there has been no typhoid reported for three weeks, so'that at last, thanks to the energy dis played !by press and people, this 'sheeted ' ghost' has been. laid. ' And if the press had never led the way, the people could not have followed, bo do not look so utterly miserable, dear old Schlapp. . You know Adelaide Anne Proc ter says, ? ' ' Scatter the seeds, and fear not, A table will be spread. What matter if you are too weary. : To.eat your hard-earned bread ; 'i Sow while the earth is broken, . ' For the hungry must be fed.' '., ' ' Yes, I know it is folly to think, of pleasing' all, so I must take up my old banner, ?' Dieu et mon droit,'' and laugh a Sardinian laugh, as I go on my way.' ' Oh, no, do not think for a moment that we want to treat you as the ancient Sar dinians did their 'old, .people, for they got rid of them by throwing ' them into deep pits.' '?'-.'? ' And the sufferers were expected to feel delighted at this attention to their well being, as I am.' ?Well, let us talk of something more cheerful. Mr George Davies gave Buch a delightful tennis party last week at Rose ville, and 'Miss Davies .made a most gracious hostess. ? There were between 30 and 40 ladies and gentlemen present, and all thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The first polo match was played the same after noon, at which Lady Hamilton and Miss Hamilton: were present; Lady Hamilton was also present at the bazaar at the Ladies' College, which was given to pay the expenses of the zenana lady missioner ... it supports. There waB a large attendance : both afternoon and evening, and the amount cleared was -£25.' . : ?uvcijri/uo ucbaca c»u xuucicau ill. Ul.iaa White, 1 suppose as she belongs to the colony, and we should be proud to hear of the success of ' our 'girls' in whatever sphere they labour. In order to facilitate the carrying on of her work in India, she decided some time ago to erect a village school in the Bungalore district. In doing this she incurred a personal responsibility of jBIOO, and the good people of Hobart came to her aid by holding a bazaar and sale of work, the result of which will be a substantial sum to aid her in elearing off the debt, .£60 having been netted during the two days. ' The stallholders were as follows : — Mrs White, Miss Espie, Mrs Taylor, Mrs Turner, Mrs Kirby, Mrs Ay ton, Mrs George, Mrs Ife, Mrs Cato, Miss Booth, Miss Ebsworth, Misses Bur rows, White, and Ife ; all of whom are to be complimented upon their tact as sales women; and that ability to please which drew the cosy coin from many a well lined purse.':. ????-.??:;' .-'. '.'?-? '?? 'Mr Sydney Slack Bays he believes women will play a very important part in the coming of the millennium, and I think he is about right. .Every second woman one meets now-a-days is bent on some good work, either in.th'e home. -or 'out -of it, if this may be taken as a sign of the times.' ? 'Yes, my dear,- -we are moving on from strength to strength, and the young .woman of to-day is not. the nonentity of,,. whom Nathaniel Hawthorne wrote, ' She is one of those. delicate creatures who I suppose have become what, we find them by the. gradually refining away of the physical system among young women.' Some philosophers choose to glorify this habit of body 'by terming it spiritual ;'? but' in my opinion it is rather the effect of unwhole some food, bad ;«ir, laok? of outdoor exercise, and neglect of bathing.* 'Yes; and when health is more— and fashion lees— studied, we shall have a finer race of po* pie still. Let a girl's mind be occupied with active useful occupation, SJch as household work ; let her be kept calm and free from the midnight watches, and excitements of fashionable life; let her ride, drive, skate, Bwitn, and learn to nurse the baby : then she will grow more' and more wise, more healthful, and tin a natural result, more btautiful than ever.' ' Bright, healthful girls were as plentiful as the beautiful flowers at our spring show on Wednesday, and their pretty tasteful dresses were quite as much admired as the exquisite grace of the flower tables. The new. corduroy ? ?. cloth is very much worn, ns well as any quantity ot luce, the wide basque laces having a particularly pleasing effect. As roses predominated among the crowd of faces, so did they among the crowd of flowers. We are told Mr Bidencope exhibited 108 varieties.and the gentleman named secured the lion's share of prizes). Four bplgndid specimens which are new to us excited special comment ; they were called Queen of Queens, Violette Bouyere, Heinrich Schulther's, and Gloirido Margotten. Miss Hall's pr ze table was universally admired, the beautiful simplicity of the roses and grasses being particularly attractive. Miss Easily Downing took second prize, nlthongh some considered her exquisite arrangement of lemon coloured daisies and bright red poppies which were combined with sprays of variegated ivy, quite worthy of first place. As a centre piece she had a carved marble jug, artistically draped with lace, which fell in loose folds and extended diagonally across the table'. There were many other beautiful tables and flowerB too numerous to mention, so we must pass on.' The sixty-fifth meeting of the Photo and Art Society took place at the Museum on Friday evening, and was well attended, Mr E. B. Ash presiding. The judges, Captain Forrest and Mr Beattie, awarded Mr Nat. Oldham first prize, (two guineas) ; and Mr C. Gruncell second prize of one guinea. The work in both instances being excellent, the holders are considered the premier photographers of the year.' 'By far the best of the band concerts endured by the long-suffering people yesterday was that which attracted a crowd of admirers onboard H.M.S. Irene, now in port. Two drums and a concertina are hardly music ' heavenly and divine,'' and when they hammer away from nine in the morning until nine at night, only leaving off for refreshments, the most ardent enthusiast must surely feel that we are having rather too much of a good thing.' 'Well, my dear, every man is at liberty to start his own band, there ia no law against it, and they will soon be as hard to exterminate as the rabbits.' ' Miss Reatrice Hudspeth, A. A., one of our few clever lady writers, has just had published in Sydney a collection of charm ing little stories for children, bearing the attractive title 'Santa Claus and, the Shadow,' which should find a place in every home during the Christmas festivities of our little folk. Miss Beatrice has a way peculiarly her own of fascinating and retaining the fitful fancies of the little ones, and even children of larger growth . will find much to admire and praise in the sympathetic idealism of this gifted young Tasmanian.' 'Yes, we always read Miss Hudspeth's writings with pleasure, as she is one of those 'sweet girl graduates' who will ever be conspicuous for her sweetness.' 