Custom on the Gold Coast. A most interesting report on eoonomlo agri culture on the Gold Ooast was iaaued lately by tbe Queen'e printer, It ia the work of a com mission appointed in 1887 to aludy tbo Bu'ojeot, aud make recommendations, and describe .the geogtapbiaal feature, of tho oolony, tbe extent of tbe country under cultivation, tho native m.tbods of agriooltnre, the eystem ot laud tenure, tho injurious e&eota; of native on.toma on egriaultnral prosperity, the native and in digenous agricultural products oi the oonntry, and concludes with detailed suggestions lor improvement. From tbe statements of 'the oommisBion it appears tbat a death in his family means rain to a Gold Coast peasant. II be is nnfortunato onough to lose a ; wife, a child, his father, or, moat ; impor tant of all, hiB unole, " custom" re quires him to Sra oil guns, .to provide ram lor all oomers for a week after the doath, and to repeat it at an interval of six weeks, and again after tho lapse of a yesr. Saotifloesol goate and eheop must be made at the.fnneral, nod at other times as dlreoted by the fetish- man, and perbups a fotiah made to lay the ghost of the deceased. To cover all this but- lay he goes to tho rioh man of the plane- and borrows money at 80, 75, or 100 per .Qsnt. Until this is repaid he 1b a elave, and musb work two dayB in eaoh wook for tho lender, reoeivlng nothing for his labour. This goeB on ,for years until tho debtor is fortunate enough . to got enough to pay principal and interest. A man may be, held " for tho dobts of his dsoeasod relatives, lor, he who makes "oustom" is responsible for tho debts of tho deceased. " Oustom" is probably ' ictpopelblo for sovon- eighths of tho debts of the oountrjr, and woighs like an inonbus on its prosperity by oansiog a vast amount of useless expenditure and implanting in tho people a lovo of drink and idleness. The observanoo is en forced by superstition and fear of the anger o the dead, of tbo wrath of the fetish, and of the publio opinion, whioh applauds the man-who makes a " big oustom." It is usually to pay for a " oustom" tbat laud is pawned.- 