A VOYAGE TO FORT DENISON. By Vaurien Whether a visit to a fortress is likely to be agreeable or the contrary depends a good deal on how you set out. If alone and of your own free will, the call will probably be exhilarating ; but when accompanied by armed men so lost to the best feelings of humanity as to be prepared to insinuate a bayonet or other weapon into the tenderest part of your system on the least provocation, the visit is open to serious drawbacks; and if an atmosphere 0f romance, seasoned with sombreness, surrounds a Bastille on land, these peculiarities are enhanced when the fortress is on the water - that is, when it has a small island all to itself, and looks down with calm indifference on the warring surges below. It is so with Fort Denison, or Pinchgut, as it is more familiarly called. It would be unfair to compare it with Gibraltar, Cron- stadt, Metz, or even Portsmouth, partly for its own sake, and partly for theirs. But it need not give in to the best of them when it comes to a question 0f surroundings. The stone may not be bright, but the setting is superb. It was when visiting the harbour the other day to find out why it was so red-to ascertain, if possible, what new indignity in the way of sewage pipes or slaughter-house tit-bits bad been placed upon it to cause it to blush so-that the north wind, heavy with the perfume of half a continent, met me fair in the face, and induced me to pause. There's nothing like an odorous breeze for causing a person of generous development to take to the nearest log and straddle it with a sense of comfort that makes ammends for any apparent want of dignity. There are persons who would as soon sit on a bomb as on a log, just as there are people who honestly believe that the being seen on top of a 'bus is the lowest depth to which a man can descend. But a deal of solid satisfaction can be obtained from an omnibus as from an oak, when the one is proceeding and the other prone. Then came the demon of dawdle and whis- pered, "That's Pinchgut yonder ; at Man-o'-War stairs over the way are dozens of decent fel- lows with boats who ask nothing better than rowing staid gentlemen about the harbour, telling weird stories at intervals-stories one would feel inclined to doubt but for the proverbial truthfulness of watermen. Take a forenoon off and visit an Aus- tralian fortress." The advice was taken. Your business and professional men toil and grind and strive early and late in order to bestow lives of uselessness on stupid sons and dowdy daughters. What do such men know of life and its attractions-of the art of idling or the piquancy of loitering to pick posies by life's wayside ? With the engaging unconventionality of their class a number of ferrymen approached and frankly submitted that 'twas a fine day to be on the water. It was to an elderly man of agreeable rotundity that I ultimately resignod myself for a voyage to Pinchgut . The fascination of a fort grows with age. The still standing mediaeval fortresses of Europe and Asia are wrapped round with legend and supersti tion and song, as with a many-coloured garment. Around you are chambers whose thresholds were crossed centuries ago by gay gallants or lovely ladies, who took leave of gallantry and sun- shine at the lintels-cells whose mildewed walls still bear the sombre records of misery as their occupants gradually passed from hope to despair and the years changed dimples to wrinkles. In such strongholds it requires no great stretch of fancy for the visitor of to-day to call up the ghosts of the past ; to see strangely-garbed men of uncouth speech hurling defiance and paving-stones on the motley persons outside knocking at the hall door with battering-rams. It is one thing to throw open your drawing-room to people who have the decency to knock properly, or, at least, pull the bell ; it is another to admit gentry who, ignoring good-breeding, call upon you with cross-bows and catapults. The people on top, however, naturally resenting friendship when accompanied with bal- listas and battering rams, were not idle, but received their visitors with as much w armth as could be ob- tained from melted lead and brick fresh from the kiln. Of all the combatants, St. George and St. Denis were perhaps the doughtiest, the former being always found in the English ranks, while the latter as per- sistently struck home for the French. SS. Patrick and Andrew, too, were of a decidedly quarrelsome nature, although they as frequently as not knocked down the wrong man ; while even little St David, with a State not much larger than an Australian station, was sometimes all sting, lik'e Prussia under Frederick. Thus these five saints alone, or their followers, kept things going in the agos that we, in our conceit, call the "dark ones." At all events the people of the period did their best to illumine the darkness, for they burnt a town every second day, and a city about once a week, As for castles, it was merely a side-dish in the day's enter- tainment for the neighbours to pile pitched pine alongside and light it. Ah! there was some pleasure in fighting in those days-the jobs were done so clean. There was none of the maudlin fastidiousness that in these days finds vent in curing your prisoners and sending them home to their friends, in condemning explosive bullets, or in sparing young people. No, no. Those mediaeval men-at arms and camp followers knew better. Once an enemy was down, his chances of getting up again were not worth mentioning. He was lucky if he could only find a clergyman in time to confess how sorry he was for his past life, and how grieved to think that the long Englishman bawling victory yonder had got in his bill-hook first. To take a town in those times was a real pleasure to the people coming in, although the ratepayers might be put to a little inconvienience. And now, such is the absurdity of modern usage, you make a fortune by putting enough dynamite in a shell to flatten a city, while you're called a blood- thirsty scoundrel for suggesting that a pinch of powder might be put in revolver pelletts no bigger than peas. Beliove me, those old swashbucklers, with their long bows and miserecordias were not half so foolish as they look in pictures. At all events they didn't scamp their work. When a saucy town had to be taken down a peg, they not only took it down, but removed it As for the townsmen-they gave no further trouble, and left no descendants. Such were the thoughts that engaged me as Fort Denison came in view. It would be too muoh to expect that a peep into its donjon-keep or a look from its tower would call up visions of tattered battalions and tattered flags. There were some tatters, no doubt, but they were floating undemon- stratively on a clothes-line near the barbacan. It is pleasant to be rowed in a boat by an old sailor. While you think, he talks, and in a short time conveys a mass of seafaring information of a highly useful character. There is sometimes a little difficulty in accepting all h¡s facts without a slight mental reservation, as a few of them are rather formidable, so that you don't know exactly how to deal with them-whether to swallow them at once or chew them a second or two for private informa- tion. But a look at the placid old man in the boat, so obviously free from guile, and whose grand- daugthter is possibly at that moment sewing for a Dorcas society, dispels all doubt, and makes you rather ashamed of your unworthy suspicions. It was washing-day at the stronghold, and one of the ladies, whose upper extremities were deep in suds, assured me that the caretaker was " up the tower." It must be remembered that Pinchgut is really a marine mar- tello tower, with the quarters of the men intended to defend it. From the sea these quarters, with their white doors and low roofs, so closely resemble cells that most unenquiring people who sail by believe them to have been prisons where dangerous felons were segregated from their fellows. The fort, however, is but little over 30 years old, and the apparent row of cells is no more than a row of barrack-rooms used by the company which had to see that no haughty foe lowered the Union Jack from the citadel, Martello towers have many peculiarities. They are small, round, and tapering, so that if carried high enough they would end in a point Owing to those characteristics they are hard to hit, and hard to hurt. For if struck on the side the projectile glances off, while if bit fair in front the tendency of the ball is to glance upwards. At the same time, such has been the improvement in marine artillery that a heavy modern shell would probably remove the Pinchgut tower to a distance no matter how it struck it. The first landing is a cupola containing three guns; mounted, but aged. They appeal to you in a mute, humble way to look at them, sit on them even, but to make no attempt at firing them. At least, if you are determined to discharge them, to go out in the embrasure in front of the muzzle and not loiter about the breech or sides. There is some- thing pathetic in an old cannon. "Ah !" it seems to say, " there was a time when I could take my own part and speak out as well as the best; but my voice is feeble with age, and my sight is almost gone." Some children were playing about, and occasionally climbing astride these venerable en- gines, as if anxious to let off Chinese crackers in their mouths. Think of the infinite degradation of it! The muzzles that once belchedd words of iron a quarter of a hundredweight each, to come down to the sputter of a child's squib! Once more up the narrow winding staircase to the top landing, the harmlessness of whose one piece of ordnance is made amends for by the loveliness of the scene it looks upon. You think of poor Fatima in the story, with Bluebeard, her cruel husband, bawling for the keys, while the feeble refrain " Anne, sister Anne, do you see anyone coming ?" creeps pitifully up the tortuous stairs. The only representative, however, of the merciless spouse is the caretaker, who is cleaning lamps below, and whose beard is like snow. Even a cursory glance suggests that he is the last man in Sydney to seize a lady by the hair and remove it as well as her head, with one blow of a murderous scimitar. There are people who lament the destruction of a harbour island even for the sake of a Martello tower. There are dissatisfied persons also who are not above declaring that so far as appearances go, the change made by pickaxes and blasting-powder in Garden Island has not been an improvement. On thinking the matter over it must in fairness be allowed that there are few things whose looks are improved by explosives and crowbars. Even men themselves after contact with a pole-axe or a lift from a small portion of Dynamite are generally altered for the worse, both in temper-if they survive-or in expression whether they survive or not. But there are discontented people everywhere -people who if they had their way would never let a cataract earn a living by turning a watermill lest the scenery would suffer, or permit a steeple to be built for fear the view might be interrupted. Even John Ruskin deplored in his incomparable way the project of a railway to Oxford. The locomotive's shriek would try the nerves of the sucking poets and budding classics that bawled equivocal songs in High-street at night or fought offending draymen during the day. Considering the present position of gunnery, and the fact that a few shots from a modern cruiser would leave Pinchgut like a quarry out for a short holiday, it would have been better, perhaps, had the island been let alone. But people are not always wise enough to see far into the future, or Sydney streets would now be about double as wide and three times as straight. The Duke of Wellington, a huge three-decker punctuated with guns, and carrying thirteen hundred men would now be a mere cock-shot for a wee gunboat with a few dozen blue-jackets. Still, this by no means proves that the officials who designed the " Duke" 40 or 50 years ago were fools. It is there the litterateurs, the artists, and the scientists, have the advantage. In hackneyed phrase, a fina poem, or a fine statue is "beautiful for ever," while a pro- position once demonstrated can defy all coming generations to challenge it till time shall be no more. Besides, the same labour that converted an ¡sland into a citadel can reverse the process and again leave the spot much as nature left it. I sat beside tho flagstaff, which is fixed in the parapet and has a lightning- rod which parts from it after a time and plunges into the sea on its own account. Of late the efficacy of such rods has been questioned, and it has even been boldly asserted that they induce many a bolt to hit the house they affect to guard, when it would otherwise have hit some- thing else. There must be something very attrac- tive about a mere iron rod when it can induce even a flash of lightning to alter its mind. At any rate it was impossible to help thinking that the shark which was at the sea end of the con- ductor when an unusually large order was on the way down would probably think there was some- thing wrong going on above. It matters little what point of the compass you look towards from this parapet, the view is superb. This is partly because it is so circumscribed. The world contains many finer prospects, but as a rule they are so extensive as to bewilder. On a calm, warm, cloudless night the stars offer a prospect compared with which any terrestrial one is almost despic- able in its minuteness. Yet to our limited faculties of vision the astral amphitheatre is not half so pleasing to the sight as a number of penny Chinese lanterns swinging in thousands from the boughs in a public garden where the laughter of women fills the pauses of the fine military band on the sward. Thus the very superbness of a scene may be destroyed by distance. On all sides are nice stretches of water which, by being greater, would be in a measure spoilt. Into the sea a short distance to the south the point of Farm Cove juts saucily coveredI with stunted trees that make up for their squatness by their spread. Singular there should be so little originality about trees. Even when the world was young they consisted of roots, trunk, branches, buds, leaves, bark, and a few other things. Now that the world is so old as to be bald in many places they consist of the same. It may be said that men and wonvm are not much different, that Adam if alive to-day might be taken for a Hindoo hawker pushing a trade in tooth brushes at Bourke with Eve, Seth, Adah, and Zillah following up with cotton-balls, Cain having struck east after his misfortune. This is no doubt true, but it should not be forgotten that humans can put on a diff-rent appearance by merely changing their clothes. Not so the trees. An oak of to-day is so like one of Noah's time as to pass for the latter's twin-brother. Still, it is perhaps as well that trees do not possess the power to change, if, as with men and women, a new dress would alter their natures as well. Substitute a frock coat for a tattered blouse, or a low-necked silk dress for a frayed cotton wrapper, and persons think themselves far more important in the scheme of creation than when the rain found out the rents. Don't tell me that the external covering leaves the heart unchanged. Cloth- ing has an effect even on trees, That's why the Australian varieties look so miserable and ashamed at certain seasons. Never thinking that anybody but blackfellows would see them, they foolishly began by shedding their bark instead of their leaves. That is Government House yonder, with its north-eastern sloping sward spread invitingly in front. Tho flag flutters daintily on top, showing that his Excellency is in what a Melbourne magis- trate called the " purloins " of the place. It must be droll to be a Governor, to have men in livery always within call, to have your clothes brushed by a dream in knee-breeches, and your meals cooked by a person that called a cabbage a shoe. But, ah! the misery of never suffering yourself to be seen smoking in your shirt-sleeves. Half the pleasure in life consists in not caring a fig who sees you with your coat off, or who catches you playing skittles. A littloeAmerican lady friend of mine assured me that when young she always believed that kings went to bed with their crowns on, and was a little surprised when assured that it was the queen who wore the crown at night so as to keep it warm for her husband's head in the morning. There was a king of Yvetot described by Beranger whose case would about suit mine- Il était un roi d'Yvetot Peu connu dans l'histoire ; Se levant tard, se couchant tot Dormant fortbien sans gloire. The Viceroy's house has a tower so squat as to be dwarfed into insignificance by that of the Lands Office, which from this distance appears almost beside it. Little steamers go puffing noisily by me as I sit while the big ones glide almost noise- les-ly away and away. Thus it is that the smallest people have most to say. Your village politician ovor a pint of beer will tell more state secrets than Bismarck ever knew. Then there is that lovely spot on the North Shore beginning at Admiralty House, and extending far to the north. With few buildings, much space, and many trees, it is perhaps the finest place in Sydney for a con- firmed lotus-eater. But it is to the north and east the finest stretches of water are to be found, bounded by low hills covered in some places with the forest primeval. A coaling station spoils the look of an otherwise showy point at Neutral Bay. Coal looks best in its proper place underground. To bring it to the surface and plant it in full view is like forcing a person from the obscurity he adorns to the society he doesn't. From the Manly boat just passing ascend the strains of a harp and fiddle, showing that the New Orleans lynchings have done little to depress the spirits of those music-loving Southerners. So long as they stick to Verdi and Donizetti they are on safe ground. It is when they try Irish jigs or Scotch s rathspeys that their failure becomes pathetic. But the sun proclaims high noon, the appetite of the old man in the boat below, as gauged by his upturned face, means no quarter for the first loaf he approaches, and I descend the tower with the consciousness of having spent over an hour in the presence of as sweet a vignette as is to be found in the bulky volume of Nature. _ . 