CONCEr1T. Nos ithat ;the new.Rnitan Catholic churclh is nlearing compleition the chief movers' in 'th, cliurchl doomned tlhe proseiit `an favohabie 'pportuiity to appeal to the public for assistance in, the purchase of an altar, and it was decided to hold a grand concert for that purpose, The concert eventuated o~l Wednesday evening, and- proved a groat sucess,L thier' bei?;.i a -splendid attendance, andl an excellent pro grainile. Mrs. Moore and 1Miss Altern. played as an overture the " Fairies' radle So)g," but .owing to..tlhe noise made at the back of thle hall the lmusic was literally drowned. Though ap parently , - trifle - nervous, M?r. Pratt sang " A Soldier and a Alan," in good stle,; il ?Ir. Ogden display: d hii Ionted.dash and-vigor in a rrsclrin,, of " Ora prio Nohis," the, echo of thI rifrain :by an unseen choir being very effective. M.rs Titcher was not at all:- " in voice," but nevertheless sang " Loves Requiest" in fairly good style. lnaster 'Baninon showed a wonderful pmenx in. tl" art of i' iiih, hip intonation and gestures be:ing splendid. The appearance of ,Miss Josephino O'Brien :on tlu stagee was the signal for aniser; thusiastic clamor, and by th,i manniter in which that ladv sang ' The Irish Emigrant " she fully des-,rved the encore accorded her; in response Mlis O'Brieoi sang " Conin' thro' lo .Ryn" in a charmuing ntuer. .Mr. Gilbeirt sang " 3 asks and Faces" fairly well. Mrs Tatham received lhea'"n applause for her singing of " Wa'itin"n but this song can hardly be said to suit the lady's voice. The next item was a novelty at our concerts, andl consisted of two very pretty dances (LieCachluea, and the Tambourine danced) prettily" executed by Miss-s ..Isabella.-Robinson and Marion Mont, gomery; the audience were delighited, and.deinanded an encore, so the youn,, ladies gave a graceful and rvtjiniral exhibition of the pretty Polish dance. 'Mr. Moris Mahon, with his irresistilto gestures·. charmed the "gods" ? ith his rendition of " Eight Hours," and in response, to an encore sang " Mle Dougall's Sister." This concluded the first ,part of the concert, aind Mrs. :Moore and Miss McCart opened Part II, with a well-played set of "Royal Irish Quadrilles." MIr. MeLean fol. lowed with " Father O'Flynn," but the song was not at all suitaile to his voice. ,On account of Mrs Pitts beir' too ill to sing, Miss O'Brien consented to fill the vacancy, and song in a pleasing and etffective manner " Every Jack.hasa Jill." Mr. Gillbert looke?t weird and strange as he sang "Thei Ghost of Benjamin Binns," andl in answer to an encore went frolm grave to gay, and sang " Where did you get that hatt " The succeeding itesm, "The Chafers," by a company con sisting . of NMessrs.- Ogden, McLeei, H. Griflin, Little, Hyslop, P. Griltin, Pratt aiid . E. Williamis, under the conductorship of Dr. Moore, was un doubtedly the feature of the evening, being splendidly sung, and evincing the careful study which Dr. Moore exacts for all productions under his supervision. Once more Miss O'Brien delighted the audience with the arch manner in which she sang "The Miller and .the Maid," and 31aster ]Bannon gave a graphic interpretation of ·"-The Bridge-keeper's Story," gain ing hearty applause. Duet, "Cosme away, Elves," was sweetly sung by Mesdames Tatham and Titcher, and evoked loud applause. [At this juncture Father Daly,.. the rev. gentleman in charge of the Daudenong district, came on the stage, and in a few appropriate words stated that he desired -on behalf of the Catholic conmmunity to thank both the performers and the audience, and amongst the former he specially thanked Miss Josephine O'Brien for her_kindness in singing so often that evening. He did not wish, however, to detract from the services render.d by the other per formers - n the contrary, froum what he had heard that evening, he con sidered. tiha the singers, would lie a credit to any township He was very pleased to see such a large and repre sentative iaudienca present, as it was a proof of the. harmonious relations existing between the different creeds) (Hear, ,hear, and applause). MIr. Moriss Mahon brought the concert to. a close; with a comic recitation. Great praise is due to. MIrs. Moore for ta5 admirable manner. in which she per formed the ardunus duties of accon-. paiiste, and to Father Daley, Dr. It. O. Moore, Mr. Fitzgerald, and others, who helped considerably to make the. concert a success . 