DOCTOR SPENCER'S GREAT CRIME. I was sitting in my office, half dozing' over aa interminable article on nutrition in the last medieal review. Tbe fire in the grate was low, the night was stormy, and : the clock WBB just on the stroke of 11. I was about to turn off the gas and retire, for, being a bachelor, I slept in the room connected with my office, when there was a pull at the bell. I started up suddenly, for this was something quite new. Middlebury was a decorous sort of place, and tbe people usually managed to be taken sick at reasonable hours. Old Mrs. Jerome had been threatening to die for the ast five rears, and every time I visited Eer she solemnly informed me that when the decisive moment did come she desired me to be present But as nothing ailed the old lady beyond now and then an indigestion, from too high living, I had never yet been called upon to be present at her death. Now, I thought, it must be that old Mrs. Jerome is going. I took up my night lamp and went to the djor. A gust of strong, damp sleet wind nearly extinguished the light, but, shading it with my hand, I discerned the face of a woman. "Come in," I said, holding open the door. She declined with a gesture of impatience. " Tou must come out, and be quick about it," she said, in sharp, decisive voice. I put on my {overcoat without demur, locked the surgery door, and stepped into the storm. AJS 1 did ao the woman laid a firm hand on my arm, and putting her face close to mine, said : "Doctor Lookwood, can you keep a aecret V " I think so, madam." " Swear it" "Is this secret of yours of a professional character? That is, is it anything you wish to confide in me as a medioal man ?" "It is." " Very well, then I swear to it." "That is right." A man respects an oath, though why he should is a mystery, since men's mouths are running over with them. " Whither are. you taking me, and for what purpose ?" " To the Clifton House to see the mistress," was the reply. I started. Clifton House was tbe old mansion recently taken by Doctor Spencer, a stranger to everyone ia Middlebury. Spencer was a tall, dark, rather distinguished looking person, who had hung out his sign in tbe village only a few doors above mine, but as yet he had no practice. He was unsociable in the extreme, avoiding his neighbors persistently, and when he did speak it was in so curt, half savage a way that no one was likely to prolong the conversation. The doctor had a wife, it was said, but no one had ever seen her. She was an invalid, and Miss Melrose, a friend of the family, presided over the house, and sat at the head of the table. Miss Melrose was very beautiful, and won. the admiration of all who visited Clifton House by her ease of manner and fascinating conversation. . "As we walk along, let me explain to you just what is" necessary for you to know, My mistress is very ill," said my companion. '" I beg yoar pardon—is it Mrs. 8pencer or Miss Melrose ?" I She laughed bitterly. "Miss Melrose 1 I would stab her to the heart sooner than own her for a mistress. My mistress is a lady—noble, royal, and of gentle birth. It is an honor to . serve her." " And is she ill ? How long since ?" " Ever since she married him—curse him!" she muttered, in a fiercer tone. " But I most not get excited. I must tell my story, or rather hers. Two years ago, through the desire of her dying' father, Alice" Hendon became James Spenisc wile. Before that she was a healthy, blooming girl; immediately after her marriage she Began to fail. Do you see any' thing strange in tkat V " Not necessarily." "Let me enlighten you further. Doctor Spencer was at one time engaged to Miss Lucille Melrose, but he broke off the en* gagement, and married my mistress instead. MiBi Melrose was as poor as Job'6 turkey. Miss Hendon w;as an heiress, and Dr. Spencer fras deeply in debt and hard pressed by hii creditors. Do you see anythingstrange in that ?" " Perhaps so. Go on." "When my mistress married Spencer she was only seventeen, and had been taught to obey her father in everything. She was a gentle, affectionate child, and it would have been easy for Spencer to have won her love. But he did not care for that. It paid his debts and bought him fast horses; it set hid table with nice and costly dishes, and put it in hia power to keep Miss Melrose robed like a queen. And all this time my mistress has beeu slowly but surely sinking, and look you, Doctor Lockwood, I think she is not dying of disease, but of"—she lowered her voice to a whisper as she spoke the word — poison!" " Impossible ! That is a grave chaTge." " Of poison given her by her huabaud, who, at her death will have the Bole control of her property and be free to marry Miss Melrose. There is no time to explain the details of the thousand and one circumstances which have led me to believe it, for we are almost at the door. It is never the case that Miss Melrose and Spencer are out of the house at the same time, or I should have called a physician before; but to-night they are both calle'd away by the death of Miss Melrose's sister, and will not be back nntil to-morrow. With the consent of my mistress I came for you, and oh, Doctor Lockwood, I pray you save her. I nursed her when her mother died and left her a helpless infant; all through her innocent youth she was like an own child to me; and now to see her fading hourly before my eyes! Great Heaven! If knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, his life should pay the forfeit." I was already beginning to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer, although I had never seen her, and like her own nurse was beginning'to feel a deep animosity for Doctor Spencer. Mrs. Spencer received me in her bedchamber. It was on the second floor, and was furnished with exquisite elegcnce, Everything in the roem bespoke the refined taste of the occupant. The warm air was fragrant with the odor of heliotrope, and glancing around saw the purple blossoms and green leaves in an alabaster vase on the. edge of the south Window. She was a woman who, once seen, could never be forgotten, I have -met in my life many a beautiful woman, bpt never one so lovely. She was tall and straight, with a purely oval face, liquid, brown eyes, and a dash of heotic in her cheek which is not seen in health. She received me gracefully, as I know she did every one, and though there was a slight embarrassment in her manner when I spoke of her illness, she answered my professional enquiries without hesitation. As for myself, I laid aside all false delicacy and questioned her plainly as to her symptoms. Mrs. Hurd, the nurse, remained in the room, and added many important items of information. When she spoke of her husband it was with a sort of hopeless "sadness which distressed me greatly. Not a breath of suspicion against him was in her answers to my questions, and I felt sure that at present she knew nothing of such misapprehensions. I was glad it was so, for, with herfinelystruhg organisation it might have produced serious results. I made my examination of the patient as closely as I could, and drew my own conclusions. I conld have sworn that Mrs. Spencer daily swallowed arsenic in Bmall quantities, and the deadly drug was telling on her constitution. She«aid, answering my questions, that she had no physician except her husband. He thought himself better acquainted with her oase, and therefore better qualified to treat her. He never left medicine for her to take; he always brought it from his office and administered it promptly. There was little I conld do in such a case. Anxious to do everything, the very circumstances of the affair left me nearly powerless. A charge of such nature, of course, I could not make against Doctor Spencer without the proof. If I hinted a suspicion everyone would set it down to my professional prejudice j and if I could not substantiate my statement the doctor could make me pay dearly for such a slander uttered against him. . TLe only dependence seemed to be in Mrs. Hurd. To her I unbosomed myself freely. I told her without reserve th-t thought Dr. Spencer was killing his wife by slow poison, and I besought her to constantly watch to save the victim, and dis cover some proof by which we could fasten the guilt on her husband. She smiled grimly and promised obedi ence, and I gave her a powerful antidote for the poison I suspected, and went home 1 perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not sleep that night, and all next day I was in a high fever of excitement. A ring at the bell made me tremble—a step on the gravel outside my office stopped my breath, and I hardly knew what I expected to hear. I felt sure that I should hear something before I slept. And now I must tell the story as it was told to me. doctor Spencer returned home the morning after my visit to the Clifton House. He looked wretched, the nurse said; appeared gloomy aud depressed. Miss Melrose came with him, and looked decorously sad over the death of her sister. Women of her stamp always do mourn to perfection. They never overdo or underdo the thing, as women of feeling are likely to do. Doctor Spencer at once came to his wife's chamber. He thought that she looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he would go and fetch it. " You are always ordering cordials for her," said Mrs. Hurd, musingly. " Why not take something yourself ? You look like a ghost." Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but re plied composedly: " I think I will take some of the cordial myself, for I do not feel quite well. Alice, dear, shall I bring it here and drink your health?" Mrs. Spencer smiled sadly in assent— she never disputed her husband—and he went out. Presently he returned with two glasses. Both contained liquor colorless and odorless. Mrs. Hurd was watching him with her heart in her throat, for she told me thai Bbe felt the decisive moment had come. There was something in tbe grey pallor of the doctor's rigid face that told her of a desperate purpose in the man's soul. He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wife. " Drink it, dear,'' he said, " it's a panacea for all evils. I am also going to take a glass of it," and he pointed to the glass still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted, and was putting it to her lips when Mrs. Hurd interrupted. "If you will bring her a tumbler of water, doctor. Mrs. Spencer complains that the cordial leaves a bad taste in her mouth, and my old bones are so full of rheumatism that it nearly kills me to go down stairs." The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to read her through. .Bub Bhe kept her face passive. If he had any suspicions her manner quieted them, and putting down the glass he left the room. Then Mrs. Hurd changed the position of the glasses. When he came back—and he was gone but a moment—the nurse stood exactly where he had left her, and Mrs. Spencer was lying back in her chair with her eyes closed. Again he lifted the glass—this time it was the one intended for himself—and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed the contents, drank a little of the water he bi ought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. " Now for my own cordial," be said with affected gaiety, " I indulge in some thing stronger." As he spoke he tossed off the mixture. "It made me stone cold to my fingers ends to see him do it," said Mrs. Hurd relating the circumstance to me, " but as Heaven is my witness I felt no conscience. I argued like this: * If it was simply cordial, it would do no harm; if it was poison, his blood would be upon his own sinful head.'" He went to bed half an hour afterward complaining of fatigue. In the morning they found him dead. I was called to the post-mortem examination, and we dis' covered in tne stomach of the deceased a sufficient quantity of deadly poison known to modern soience to kill half a dozen men My brother physicians agreed that the man was insane, and had probably taken the dose in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hard told her story, I had my own theory as to the cause of his death There was no public exposure, however. Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it would pro fit no one to make the wretched affair pub lie, and so we kept our own counsel Miss Melrose, in spite of my conviction that she had an active part in the cont-pi racy against Airs. Spencer's life, I could not help pitying. Such a miserable, worn and haggard face as hers I have' never seen, and when they buried Doctor Spencer she was confined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illness, bat, though she recovered in health, she was never herself again. She was a harmless maniac, whose delight was in gathering flowers and decorating the doctor's grave with them. She is still liviog, and still lers flowers and lays them on that grave, singing to herself a low incantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many days been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Hurd slept under the violets, did Alice kDow tbe perfidy of her former husbacd. When I told her, after the first ehock was over, she crept into my arms and whispered: "But if it had not been for James' crime I should not have found you, Herbert. So good sometimes comes out of evil." 