A COMMITTEE uf llead Teachers i3 elaborating a scheme by which the sub jects commonly taught in Grammar Schools and High Schools may be added to the curriculum of some at least of our State Schools. The change is not likely to be made at once, as, however ingeniously it may he drafted, it undoubtedly means a heavy additional expenditure on Educa tion, mid the Government is not in tt position to incur new. liabilities. Meanwhile, we may regard it. .aq ' - ") certain that sooner or .later - thoro. will bo a strong movement for making the higher education costless, as the lower already is. There is a certain ostensible fairness about giving the children of men who pay large taxes the same advantages that are enjoyed by the children of the small taxpayer ; and if it is a matter of national existcnco that our rising generation- should not grow up ignorant, it is also important that it should be kopt abreast of other countries in the subjects necessary to suc cess in trades and professions. The Con servative argument that a centralised education, directed from a Government office, is necessarily inferior to the results achieved by competition in tho open market, has been conclusively disproved thus far in Victoria. It may he the lucky accident that Mr. Gladman and Mr. Topp wero men of exceptional ability, but the fact is incontestable that our State school teachers have been ndmirably trained to know as much -as, they require, and to tdaclt what they know in the best possible way; Children transferred from a State School even to a good ordinary High School are often found to bo getting worse instruction' tlian thoy had in subjocts like English nnd arith metic, which the primary school teaches ; and a deputation of parents, including Mr. Thornley and Dr. Charles Strong, actually waited upon the late Minister of Education two or three years ago to request that High School teachers might be admitted to the classes in the Training College. The young University graduates, from whom the masterships in High Schools are filled up, have commonly learned more than the average State School teacher, but they have never been trained to put themselves into the pupil's placo and understand his deficiencies. Beyond this, thero are cases where a State School teacher, stimulated perhaps by the old sys tem which encouraged the teaching of extras for fees, either mastered High School subjects himself or engaged a qualified assistant, who soon earned a groat deal more than he received. It is well known that in one town, where there are at least two excel lent and popular High Schools, the head master of a State School lias been able to compete with these gentlemen, and to get very creditable results. Such instances, however, are rare, and are becoming rarer since the State .School scholarships ' were introduced;"' as it lias been ruled that theso are only tenable at regttlar Grammar Schools. The coin- mitteo which has just been appointed is accordingly ' aiming at winning back ground that lias been lost as well as at conquering a new and profitable domain for the State School teacher's energy. What is aimed at is that the Head Teachers should be encouraged to teach High School subjects more fully than under the extra system, and for the lowest possible charge, which will ultimately of course come to he no charge at all. Even, however, if the charge is only kept low, it will in maiiy coses make the difference between loss and gain to the schools already established. Two or three fashionable high schools may always maintain themselves in Melbourne, even though they charge high for instruc tion which is given costlessly elsewhere; but the mass of parents, if they are oirered middle-class education for eight pounds a year at the State school, will never consent to pay twelve or fourteen elsewhere. Even the teaching of extras was thought good enough for practical purposes in many small towns, and extinguished middle class schools for many years. ' Now we do not doubt that the State will ultimately have to take middle class educa tion into its own hands. It must do so,. if it were only because, under the highly praised " let alone" system, tlie puolic asks forno'more than it thinks indispensable, and the purveyors of education give no more than the jttblic asks fqr. Even Eng land is being frightened out of its' fossil Conservatism' by' the discovery .that, its trade is passing, into the hands of (Sqrmans, who" come as clerks and rise to "be managing clerks ah'd partners, simply be cause tlie centralised' school system of Ger many is so incomparably better -than the schools which have grown up under open competition in England. One specialty of the German system is the better knowledge it gives of modern languages. It may be admitted at once that these are a little more indispensable for the young English man than for.the young Australian. We at present do not aspire to much more than to send our wool and wheat to London, aiid our population is fairly homogeneous. It was not, however, by this apathetic spirit that America and Germany have made themselves great commercial nations, and it is surely possible to forecast a time when we may be dealing with Spaniards in South America or anxious to treat directly with customers in Europe. Beyond this, it is important for us that our mer chants and engineers and chemists should be able to follow the results of scientific progress in France and Germany. Now the teaching of modern languages is not a brilliant success at our best schools. The average . matriculation paper in Latin requires7 soinetKin'g- like two years'- "study to'- Be - grappled .with - successfully ; but'- the" average French .or" German paper ought to he mastered after six months' work. The teaching of French at oiir State' schools, whore it has been taught as' an extra, has, however, been something worse than not brilliant ; it has been feeble and contemptible to a degree. The French Commissioner of Education at the Exhibi tion of 1880 expressed a very strong opinion that it ought to be abolished incontinently. To make it moderately successful, one of two tilings would be requisite ; that Victorian students should be sent to study in France, or that French teachers should be engaged for every State School, and in this case the presence of tlie ordinary class teacher would com monly be required to. enforce discipline. Now this is a single instance of the sort of expenditure the State must faco if it: takes middle class teaching .ipto .ifs d>vri-' htuiffls, and means to make it really effective. ' We do not, however, advance this argument' from any desire to frighten a Minister with the spectre of excessive cost, for it is difficult to pay too much for a good thing, but simply because we do not wish him to be misled by promises of an unreal economy. An even more serious objection to grafting middle clasB upon primary school teaching is that under the present Public Service Act, especially administered as it is, it would be impos sible to ensure that every large school should' have a Head Teacher qualified and willing to give middle class education. No doubt' the law prescribes that our biggest schools shall he held by men who possess a Univer sity degree or itB equivalent ; and this might bo sufficient, if the graduate passed instantly to his appropriate work. What, however, is the value of University train ing to a man who graduated perhaps at two and twenty, and who for thirty years afterwards has never. opened a Greek or Latin book, or carried on his higher studies in any possible way ? Such a man may have been an ideal State School teacher, throwing his whole powers of mind and sympathy into his work, and making his school a model which his neighbors surveyed with admiration and despair. He will, however, by the time he is fifty have lost the faculty of training for matriculation, and yet may claim and receive the highest school that falls vacant, and either reinso to teach middle class subjects or teach them badly. Beyond this, it must he borne in mind that the best man for. teacliing ft large class is not' necessarily or naturally -the ' best teacher of a fow pupils. With a' great nui :.u. of pupils the essential is to leave nothi..0 dark to tlie dullest mind,' but in a small class tho teacher can give separate instruction and need not couple the ''dux" nnd the dolt together. There is no reason, of course, why appointments in High Schools, if the State founds them, should not he open to qualified Stato School teachers, chosen without regard to seniority. That is a matter well worthy consideration. What is of vital import to tho success of any future schemo is to remember that a properly organised High School ought to be as distinctfrom the upper sixth of a State School as from a Univer sity. Colonel Olcott, who lectured Inst night in the Freemasons' Hnll on Theosophy, is a man who has passed through some remarkable experiences.. During, the earlier lialf of lug life nothing-, special occurred to differentiate him from "the mass of shrewd _ and pushing Ameri cans. . In his professional capacity as a. lawyer he was fairly successful, when tlie outbreak of tlie Civil War made a call upon his patriotism, and sent liim, along with a multitude of his fellow citizens, to the field of battle. When the safety of the Union had been secured, ho returned to city life, and became a well known contributor to a section of the American press. Early in .the seven ties, considerable interest was excited in alleged spiiituaiiatie . pheuumeuu.. uf a more than usually weird character, happening at a farm house occupied by a family of the name of Eddy. Colonel Olcott was commissioned to visit this re treat, on behalf of a New York journal, and supply descriptions of anything out of the common which lie might en counter. As is customary in such cases, local opinion was . divided oil the subject, some, persons denouncing tiie Eddy Brothers as impostors with vehe mence equal to that displayed towards their contemporaries, the Brothers Daven port; ivhile others affirmed as stoutly that a regular procession of unearthly visitants promenaded tlie rural stances, and that tlio exhibition was incapable of other than a super-mnndane explanation. Colonel Olcott was selected as a. man not likely to be taken in by tricksters, but his reputation in this respect was seriously discounted . when lie gave in liis adhesion to the Ghosts," and published, first in the joarnal lie represented, and then in a bulky volume, a startling narrative of interviews with "People from the Other World." For a time he ranked as a shining light among American Spiritualists, but happening to meet witli that in- genious. Kussiaii lady whose death ha3 just been recorded by cable, Madame Blavatsky, lie received from her an "occult" explanation of the phenomena lie had witnessed which upset the spiri tualistic hypothesis. According to Bla vatsky, the Eddy apparitions were not, and never had been, human beings at all, but. were simply . " elementaries" — undeveloped sprites, apparently of the fairy or gnome, type, .'whose existence was quite -familiar to the Eastern philosophers, with whom Madame Blavatsky had foregathered during a seven years' residence in the Himalayan Moun tains.. The wisdom of the world was con centrated, it seemed, somewhere among those forbidding heights, , where a band of Mahatma Fakirs dwelt, at whose feet the Russian neophyte had been privileged to sit. Be this how it may, the erstwhile astute Yankee joined with Madame in forming an American branch of a Theosophical Society, whose object was to cultivate the occult lore of India, and to make the Christian world ac quainted with the beauties and marvels of esoteric Buddhism. In 1878 this strangely conjoined pair transferred themselves to Hiudostan, and set up the headquarters of their association in Madras, The success which attended their labors was truly wonderful. People of distinction, native and European, flocked to their shrine, and readers of Mr. A. P. Sinnett's book, The Occult World, need not be told of the marvels that were achieved. A terrible blow was dealt to the " Shrine " some six years ago, when a gentleman commissioned by the Psychical Research Society of London investigated its claims to super- naturalism, and made a startling exposure of apparently commonplace conjuring and deception. In the report subsequently published, it has to he noted that Colonel Olcott was exonerated from being himself a participant in the alleged frauds, hut he was set down as having been an easy victim. Curiously enough, however, the Theosophical Society survived this on slaught, and still continues to be an active propagator of what may be termed Buddhistic philosophy in all parts of the world. Those who attended last night's lecture in the belief that they were about to gain a glimpse of hidden knowledge or to learn any of the higher magic attributed to theosophical Adepts must have been grievously disappointed. Colonel Olcott certainly recounted many wonders which he averred his late accomplished associate had performed in his presence, but there is, of course, a vast difference between hearing these stories told and being a witness of the miracles they attest. That the lecturer is himself an earnest believer need not be doubted, nor that he holds the memory of Madame Blavatsky in reverence, and resents the imputations which have been cast upon her fame. The nobler sentiments prevading his deliverance when he rose above the level of a wonder-monger, anil sought to show how in their essence all the groat religions are prevailed by an identical aim, were enjoyed by his hearers none the less because, possibly, they mis trusted the actuality of some of the astounding statements by which he sought to confirm his mission. At the same time it has to be admitted that the hardened scepticism with which practical- minded men not long ago encountered the relater of mystical phenomena is beginning to be dissipated. Science itself is departing out of the sphere of that crude materialism represented in such works as Buchner's Matter and Force, and is dealing with potencies which are psychological rather than physical. Colonel Olcott made a decided point when he showed that startling effects once derided as Mesmerism are being accepted on all hands under the new label of Hypnotism. Frederic Myers, whose teachings, though widely different from those of our theosophist visitor, are yet equally anti- materialistic, dwells on this phase of growth in an article which appeal's in the April number of the Nineteenth Century. " Gradually," he writes, " one phenomenon after another of " those discovered and attested by De " Puységur, Esdaile, Elliotson, &c.;, has " been admitted into orthodox science " under some slightly altered name. " Certain phenomenal rarer and more " difficult to examine, but attested by " the same men with equal care, are still " loft in tho outer court of the scientific " temple. But when one has seen tho " somnambulic state, the insensibility " under operations, &c.;, which were once " scouted as fraudulent nonsense, becoming " the commonplaces of the lecture room, " one can await with equanimity thegene- " ral acceptance of tlie thought transference " and the clairvoyance which from De " Puységar's day onwards have repeatedly " occurred in the course of those same " experiments— experiments which some- " times ruined tho careers of those who " made them, but, are now "recognised at " epoch making in a great 'department of " experimental psychology." In point of fact it may be asserted that in the realm of science, as in that of religion and social evolution, a stage of transition has been reached at which the most capable observers are least given to dogmatise about future possibilities. Such a period, it may be urged, gives a fine opening for charlatanism, as well as a chance of startling discovory to the genuine investigator; but when it is remembered how many pioneers in tho past were termed charlatans by their mole-eyed contemporaries, it is foolish at this day to resort too readily to denun ciation. It is quite within reason that the men of the west, who proceed on their plodding path of research by arduous inductive processes, may, as the Theo- sophists affirm, have much to learn from Eastern sages, whose inspirational develop ments have heretofore been almost a sealed book to one half of humanity.-" 