TOM BUCHANAN'S GHOST. [By E. J. Wheeler, in the Boston Youth's Companion.] I om .Buchanan, as I firstremember him, when we sat at opposite desks in school and swopped jackknives, 'sighfc unseen,' was a shock headed, uncouth, awkward lad of sixteen. He had no mother — and no father worth mentioning. His mother was dead and buried, but his father was only dead and pickled — in alcohol. However, Tom had hired himself out to Abiel Gordon, a farmer near Marbury, and as his father never managed to get himself so far from the saloons as the Gordon farm Toni rarely saw him. Tom was a total failure an a farm hand ; but ! in two weeks' time he knew more about that j farm, its topography, and its denizens, wild ; and tame, than the farmer and all his family | knew. j In the first three days he found two bee j trees that netted Mr. Gordon ten dollars each, j That tickled the old fanner hugely. Tom next discovered where two turkey-hens were setting which had been given up for lost, and that pleased the farmer's wife. Then he found a missing steer stranded flank-deep in a bog, just in time to have it rescued and saved from death. When I add that lie foand a. pheasant-hen on her nest you may know at once that he had quick eyes. In fact, Farmer Gordon declares that if Tom had only stayed a little longer on the farm he would have discovered a gold mine or an oil well as sure as fate. Tom went to school in winter and discovered as many interesting things in and about the on the Gordon farm. But when he discovered the new teacher one morning his career of dis covery seemed to come to a full stop. After that he had no eyes for bee-trees or setting turkeys, or anything else of that trivial sort. He fell in love, madly and de votedly, with all the ardor that can be excited in a boy of lli by a blooming young beauty of 2-j. Unintentionally Miss Jennie Forman, the teacher, fanned 'the fiames that were making such havoc with Tom's sensibilities. There were older scholars than Tom casting sheep's eyes at the teacher, who were likely, if not carefully kept at the proper distance, to became far more annoying than he. She needed a foil, and, looking about her for the pupil toward whom she could manifest par tiality, with the least likelihood of arousing jealousy, she naturally hit upon poor, homely, shoek- headed Tom. If some one of her admirers insisted on escort ing her to this, that, or the other place, s'ie was always sure' to have a prior engagement with Tom. If she divined, from an unusual degree of vacuity on the part of one of them during school hours, that lie had resolved on seeing her horrm after school, she managed to secure To:n as an escort beforehand. It saved her unlimited annoyance, and it was glory trebly glorified to Tom, while it lasted. I do not deny that the teacher was to blame in the matter, and played with him in a cul pable manner. But she had, of course, no idex that, he would take it as seriously as he di-i. He was to her just a big awkward boy — nothing mor-'. The crisis came late' in the spring. As the time for the long summer vacation drew ue»r Tom made up his mind to make a formal declaration of liis love. ]t was a formidable thing to do, but he was equal to the emergency. _ In the old farmhouse there was a library con sisting of a big Bible, a score of back numbers of a fashion magazine, and a large volume of general information on all sorts or topic3. In this volume there was a department entitled 'The Complete Letter- Writer.' There was one letter in particular that took his fancy. It was entitled — ' Declaring the love of a poor young mm for one who is above him in station.' It began as follows: — 'Dear Hiss ? I take my pen in hand to declare i-.nto y-m the passionate yearnings,' &c.; Tom concluded that he could change the beginning- as follows: — 'The time has now come when I must declare raito yo;i the pas sionate yeanlings,' &c.; The rest of the letter seftne.:! to do ;\s -.veil for a verbal as a written declaration, and ha carefully committed it to memory. Ho found one difficulty, however. The opening sentence seemed to stick to his mind as it was printed. He invariably began with taking his p^n in hand, and zhn\ had to go ha«-k ani begin again. The way from the sehooIhoiHe to the .llnrn ham farmhouse, where Miss Forman was through a nci-k ot woods, then through a ii-;jcl bftween a big clump of alders and the : kirt of the woods, then vLi a lane to the ouse. It was a beautiful hazy afternoon. Tom had been unusually silent during the walk along the road, and as they turned into the wood* Miss Forman remarked : 'What's the matter with you this afternoon, Tom ? I n-;verknew you to be so stupid.' 'Well, I— yer see, I wer thinkin' 'limit ver going away. It's purty soon, aint it 5' 'Only two weeks. Will you nr.s3 me. To;n ?' 'Well, yes' said Tom, adding halfapolo getically, ''yersee thoyaiiit many folks round ' I nee. But if there were more peopk-. here I suppose it would make no difference !:- 'I don't know 'bout that,' said Tom, earnestly. 'That is to say, I— I — don't know 'bout that.' She laughed a gay little langh. What he said contrasted so oddly with his tremulously earnest manner of saying it. 'Well,' she ejaculated, 'I like thai /' Tom was silent for a while nerving himself for a great effort. 'I take my pen in hand,' 'I take my pen in hand,' kept running through his head. She stopped to pluck sora 3 white phlox by the side of the path. Tom looked at her as . . she bent down, scrutinised closely her trim figure, well- rounded shoulders, and her wavy brown hair, and longed for the eloquancr; of the campaign orator he had heard a few months before. She sat down on a low stump to arrange the flowers with .somt- miiden-bair ferns she had gathered into a nosegay, and Tom knew that the ' clock of destiny was striking the hour of opportunity.'' 'Miss Forman,' he began, 'I — I've :r-t something I'd like to say to you.' 'Delighted to hear it,' sh« said without looking up. ''I didn't know whether you ever would say anything again.' ' Miss Forman, I take my pen in hand — — ' She 'looked up then, full into hia agitated eyes. 'Your wlt«i ? Tom Buchanan, are you going crazy V He was cast down, but not destroyed. He must go through with it now at all hazards. So fixinar his eyes on a dogwood blossom about ten yards ahead ho began again in a stilted tone, much as if he were declaiming the 'Battle of Waterloo,' and had to say it all in one breath. ' Miss Forman, the time has now come when I must take myjpen in hand to declare unto you the passionate yearnirgs which you have in spired within my heart. That this is pre sumptuous ou my part is a fact of which noone is more fully aware than myself. But love in vades all stations of life, and beauty, like the dawn, cannot hide its charms from ihe eyes even of the humblest. 'Though I atn unable to offer you either wealth or position equal to your own, jet E dare to believe that 1 can offer you as true a heart and as devoted an affection as any of your numerous'suitors of more exalted station ; and, a*1 the poet has said — Kind hearts are more tlian coronet*. And simple faith than Norman Wood. 'As the idol-worshipper who lays his choicest offering at the shrine, so, fair lady, I lay my life and service at your feet, hardly daring to ho}-e that yon will accept this offer of yours devotedly, Thomas Bushanan.' At the first sentence of this harangue a frightened expression had crept into the ' fair lady's' eyes, for she thought the boy was Jonfe of his mind. Then, as the truth dawned upon her she repressed, at some risk of ^strangling, the desire to scream until the last words were uttered. J Then a gale of merriment swept through the i woods that startled every chipmunk within a ? radius of 100 yards. j It was answered by a roar of laughter, some- ! w hat deeper in tone, as two of Tom's school- ' fellows stepped out from behind a neighboring' brushheap. Tho poor boy could stand no more. He turned and fled, anger in his heart and mortification in his face. One more week of school, and then the long vacation. For two days Tom did not appear. On the third day he took his seat as usual, amid the suppressed snickers of tho other scholars. He bore it very well, however. A deep plain of revenge had been contrived by him, and the consciousness of this helped him to face the eeorn of his companions. The last afternoon of the term had berai set apart for a spelling-match and a tub-race. Visitors from all the farm -houses near were present to enjoy the sport. Tom's thoughts were not on the spelling match, arid he went down among the first. His ?whole mind was on the tub-race, and the pre parations he had made in advance were elabo rate and novel. For one thing, be had secretly conveyed to a cave, distant about two miles, a supply of pro visions, several bundles of straw, and a pair of blankets, which he ' borrowed' from the barn ; also two rusty table-knives, one without a handle, and a rusty old pistol that would 'go off'' at least onee in ten times. Thee he had hid a suit of crot-hn* -u l.hw 5?rahtff,i «si fcfcs 51KJik of r.f--? e»«s5r, just Im'-Imw Mi6 bend, about 200 yards from the place where the race was to be held. All these -were sufficiently strange prepara tions for a tub-race; but Tom, with his usual skill in finding out things, had some time be fore made a discovery concerning tubs, which he had reserved to himself for. the purpose of (resting a sensation at some time among his playmates. He was now to put his discovery to a different use, though one not lacking in sensational aspects. Fifteen tubs, with fifteen boys, started out from the bank amid cheers and laughter when the signal was given. Two tubs soon took the lead, one of them being Tom's. The creek was about one hundred feet wide. By the time Tom reached the middle of the current he had outstripped his rival by several feet, and the plaudits.were bestowed generously upon him. Suddenly he was seen to stop and look wildly around. Then he clapped his hand to his heart as if in pain. The boy nearest to him heard him groan, and the next instant, with a reel, over went Tom into the river. A shudder of apprehension passed through the crowd. They watched eagerly for his reap pearance, but they watched in vain. A rush was made for the boat near at hand, and three men rowed hastily to the spot. Not a sign of the lad yet. Two of the men stripped off their outer garments and plunged down to the bottom of the water, at this point about eight feet deep. They reappeared, shook their heads and dived .'igain. Again each reappeared, shook his head, and went down again. Again, and .-igain, and again they repeated the operation, to no effect. In the meantime, Tom's tub, upside down, had been drifting down stream toward the bend. Strange to say if any one had had eyes to notice the fact the tub drifted much more rapidly than Tom's hat, which was borne on the surface of the same current. :. Both, however, disappeared around the bend while the divers were still searching. By this time at least five minutes had elapsed, and all hope of rescuing Tom alive had vanished. They dragged the bottom of the creek with hooks, they prodded it with poles, and the divers searched it over yard by yard until night came, but no trace did they find of the body. About one hour after all hope of ever seeing Tom Buchanan alive had been abandoned that young scapegrace might have been seen enter ing the cave two miles away. Into one pocket he hastily shoved the rasty old pistol. Beneath his waistband he shoved one knife, and into his bootleg went the other. Thus equipped he sat down to meditate. Let the world now beware ! Tom Buchanan, disappointed in love, had become a bandit ! The school- teacher had not been present at the tub-race, having stayed behind at the school house to attend to some papers. When the news of Tom's catastrophe was brought to her, her grief was sharp and re morseful. Somehow she felt as if she were to blame for it. Some_ said it was a case of bearb disease. Others said it was an epileptic fit, calling to mind the character of Tom's father, and citing learned authorities to prove the pre disposition to such disorders on the part of the offspring of drinking parents. liut the teacher was worried over the rather ridiculous fear that Tom, in a mad tit of maudlin sentimentality, had committed suicide. This thought haunted her all the evening, disturbed her sleep at night, and was present during the following day. The search for the body was renewed on the following morning, but, as before, nothing was found. Various theories were advanced to account for this, among them being that of some subterranean current which had sucked the body into a hole, where it had become wedged. So the a search was finally abandoned, and tile solution of the mystery was left to time — which proved to be a very wise thing to do. Miss Formau had arranged to snend the day in the selioolhouse, to attend to fee thousand and one finishing-up details which fall to a teacher's lot at the -;nd of the term. She was expecting that afternoon the arrival from the city of a gentleman friend, who — she had every reason to expect — would not many weeks later assume a much dearer title, and who was to accompany her next day to the city. She had written to him to come direct to the schoolhouse, and promptly at five o'clock he waspeseiit. Ji--r worry over Tom had hampered her somewhat in her work during the day, and it was after six o'clock when they started from the. sc-hoolhouse. They Joitored slowly along the road and through the neck of woods. When they emerged the twilight was already deepening into gloom. iShe had been telling: him about Tom's dis appi-arance, and his pisaposal extraordinary the \\\t?»ik before, and the boy was in the thoughts of both. They had nearly reached the point v.here the path ran between the clump of aiders and the wood, when a violent rustling in the alders attracted their attention. The next instant there emerged from the clump a tall white figure, which seemed to glide stealthily and silently acrossftheir path. As it did so the face was turned toward them, and despite -the gloom Miss Forman recog nised the reproachful, silent, wide-open eyes of Tom Buchanan. She was a sensible young woman, but the sight struck a chill to her very heart, and she clutched her companion's arm tightly to keep from falling. 'It's Tom.' Why, it's Tom Buchanan,'1 the gasped, quaking in every muscle. The silent spectre glided on toward the woods, the eyes still fixed on her face with a mute, up braiding stare. Then a low wailing came from its lips that sounded as though a heart were indeed breaking. The young man would have rushed forward at all hazards, but his companion would have fallen prone had he withdrawn his support. !Nor were his own nerves altogether steady after the apparition. The ghostly figure had reached the very edge of the woods, and the next instant would no doubt have disappeared. But there it stopped. A deep shudder seemed to rack it violently. The next moment the low wail changed to a piercing shriek of agony. A look of horrible pain came into the face, driving away the stony glare of fixed melan choly. Miss Forman could stand no more, but fell to the ground and buried her fac-e in : her hands. Then came a metamorphosis. The ghastly arms were brandished wildly to and fro, a white garment went sailing through the air, and the young man watching saw the figure of a shock- headed boy of sixteen, in ordinary work-a-day clothes, bending down and clutch ing at his feet, and awakening the twilight with his yells for help. The young man rushed forward and found Tom Buchanan, alias a bandit, alias a ghost, with one foot t-aught in a steel trap which Farmer Bumham had set to catch a pestiferous animal that had been molesting his hen-coop.'. Miss Foiinan and her affianced lover did not return to the city the next day. It took two days for her to recover her equanimity in a sufficient degree to make the journey. When they did return, Tom, with one bandaged foot that required the use of a crutch, accom panied them. On hearing Tom's story in all its 'details, the young man, who was editor of a daily i'aper, had been so struck with Tom's con structive skill and his 'nerve' in carrying cut his plane, that he at once prevailed upon him to go to the city and become a ' printer's devil.' To-day Tom is city editor, and has the best imputation for skill in finding out things of any newspaper man in the city. ?Nevertheless Tom was a very foolish boy in attempting such an absurb method of what he supposed to be retaliation, and he himself now thinks so. 