THE GHOSTS ME. BESAJs7T HAS SE1N. In his weekly letter, Mr. Waiter Eesaut Las the following : — "A very good ghost 6tory — one of k churchyard and a phantom funeral - has been priuted in the Lnurpool /W, and copied in the 2 'ail Mall O'tiztCc, where I saw it. My personal experience of spooks is not much, but it is, perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. The first 4 figure' 1 ever saw was about ( o'clock on an cveuing in September. I had been writing up to the last moment of daylight ; it become too oark for me to see any longer, and I kuocked off; as I turned from tbe window I became aware that a female figure was in tbe room ; it made no sign, but it mo red about noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. I was then living as a bachelor in chambers, and my outer door was closed, so that nobody could be in the room except myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one, was this. I was travelling in Northumberland. The day I bod spent in driviug over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in tbe midst of it— & village built round the quad rangle of what bad been a monastery. There was tbe old gate left ; part of tbe buildings ; part of tbe wall ; the quiet village euclosed by the old wall; tbe convent chapel, now tbe uarisli church ; there were ouly two or three hundred people living here : outside rau aud babbled the trout stream with its high bitik covered with bushes and brambles aud wild Bowers. All round stretched tbe moor. At tbe inu, where I took some tea or some thing, they talked to me about the past ; tbe place was filled with echoes of the past: whispers and voices were heard at night ; things had been seen in tbe bedrooms. A wonderful place; uowhtrc els? in England is there a more wondetful place. I drove back and spent the evening alone in mv inn, rending certain books of the Queen Anne rime, aud at 11 o'clock went off to bed. My room was a very old room, and the inn itself was at least SOG years old. All this is in troduction in order to show you why the thing that I 6aw took the shape that it did. For in the middle of the night 1 woke suddenly aud sat up startled. 1 found the room perfectly light; the door, which I bad locked, flew open, and there walked in three ladles, drts6ed in the Queen Auue costume, with the pretty old 6tii» cardboard ornament of the head and everything. Never before had I understood how beautiful we the Queen Anne dress. The ladies bitting down on chairs round the fire (which was now burning merrily) began to talk, but I know not what they said. _ Suddenly— it shames me to confess the thing— I was seized with a horrid terror. I leaped from the bed, pulled back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. It was about three in tbe morning, end twilight. Then I turned to my visitors; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went out of the room ; the fire slowly burued'low ; the figures slowly became faint ; they slowly vanished. Who were they ? Well. You see that I have seen tbiugs. But I have heard nothing. No com- muoicalion has ever been made to ne from the other world at all. except by the spirit Katie, aud she only talked rubbish through a medium, and I had to pay apound forit." 