THE FETISH OF A CONFERENCE. to the kditoh op the daily telegraph. .Sir, — The position of matters between tho pastoralists and shearers has now reached . the acute stage of au absolute deadlock, aud one so clear and distinct that there is no mistaking its tenor or its consequences. Tho unionists peremptorily refuse to work except under their own rules, which (practically) when they please permit them to leave their hired service; they will not contract to shear all v. pastorahst's sheep from day to day till thoy are all shorn, be that pastora- list their greatest friend and supporter. Iu this state of uncertainty tho pastoralists claim that a man need not be a unionist, to be either a shearer or a worker in order to earn liis daily bread, and that if he makes a contract it is only just aud fair he should complete it. Now the unionists have not altered their views us to working side by side with non-unionists one iota since the maritime strike ; their position and attitude aa to that is precisely the same. So far no law exists or is in force to compel employers to become adherents or serfs of tho shearers, laborers, or anyone else's unions, nor is there any Act of Parliament compelling employers to boycott non- unionists. Now, what will he the result ? Every man who has watched the course of events and is not unduly prejudiced must see that the present status <juo cannot go on for ever. Tlie position oi the pis to talis ta is a definite one, and if the advice given by the .Shearers' Union, and being daily poured into tlie ears of its members, is fol lowed shearers will have to be looked for from some other quarter. Who knows but that tlie industrious Soutli American women may not be glad to accept the Australian 20s per 100 in lieu of the 7s or 8s per hundred i hey got in their own country tor doing the work t Delegates, agitators aud euibryo parliamentarians are advising the men not to work at shearing, binder the plea that tills enforced id lenog? is necessary to defend the principles of uuLouism at the expense of their bread and butler, and imagining at the same time, no doubt, that sheupuwuerH will loso their clips and so be reduced to surrender. It would be wdll for the workiug-men of Australia to hesitate before they commit, their interests to such a suicidal policy, which can only bring destitu tion, want and misery in its train. Unionism, so far, appears to do little more for its members than drain their pockets by continual levius. How many of i nnm will bo paid when " the men remain at home 'I " Let the shearers and laborers only think for themselves and thoroughly consider tho terms, wages, and conditions that arc fairly offered them by employers and the fede rated pastorultats, turning a deaf car to clap-trap agitators who are not workmen and never intend to be. Indeed, if these same 44 leaders " settled down to manual labor and ' loft the men alone, shearing will bo in full swing when the timo comes round, and will continue so for many a season without diffi culty or disturbance. Nothing worries the genuine shearer so much as delay and being ; kept from work, ami it will not be long before he becomes disgusted witli the policy ho has been led to give his support- to in an nssocia- tion treating friends and foes alike with the' greatest inconsistency. When he seeks to damage a great industry, from which his principal source of livelihood is derived, ho shouldjpause before ho proceeds another s top on tlie road he is foolishly advised to tako. Freedom of contract is not. a matter iner<0y concerning pastoralists and shearers. It goes down to the very bedrock uf ail enterprise — from domestic service to the building of a line of railway. It ait'ecta every human being who pays away a shilling iu wages; and whet) it becomes a dead letter then will all enterprise be a dead letter too, and thu "moral persuasionists " will havo had their way uud their day. As to a con ference, tlie labor leaders are well seized of the fact that it is simply an absurdity thoy ask for. No body of employers in the world will agree to discuss the proposition that all their men must be unionists, and that they, tlie employers, and tho men also, must work under none but unionist-made rules. This fetish of a conference is a veritable ghost that has neither llesh nor bones and, like tho chameleon, livos on air. If it over was called into existence to discuss freedom of contract, it would be .'is short lived as the famous union trade mark, which died on the regis tration of its birth.— Yours, etc.. FAIR PLAY. A well-attended tea meeting was given by the SouthSealsland members of St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church in the Temperance- hill on Friday night. After tea a pleasant social evening was spent. Tho Rev. Dr. Steel pre sided, and delivered a short address on tho subject of tho mission to tho islands. Ad dresses wero also given by Messrs. Martin and Al'Donald. 