THE MINISTERIAL POLICY. ATIIrOUGrE public opinion is prover bially most difficult to gauge with any degreeof certainty, it cannot be denied that the proposed policy of the Minis try is being regarded wfth a measure of favour which is a surprise even to many an old Parliamentary hand. No administration can carry on for any length of time when the con fidence of the people is alienated from it, and it is questionable if the past Ministry could have held much longer together even if Parliament had not been in session, and directed against it a vote which the ex-Premier chose to accept as an adverse one. Nothing can make up for weak ness in a governing body, and if Ministers allow the business of a coun try to conduct itself, the time must come when the runaway train will sustain an alarming and ruinous col lapse. Much has been said in dis praise of Mr. DiBs and his doings as a public man, but the fact cannot be disputed that he has no' secured as his colleagues many men of undoubted business ability, as well as Parliamen. 'tary experience. New South Wales has for very many years past suffered severely from the rule of men whose knowledge of the affairs of business life was much less than their ex perience of what' is known as s8ate craft. It is now high time that the business of the country should be con ducted in a manner, which will, to a large extent, render unnecessary the frequently tortuous work of Parlia mentary engineering. In the past the departmental work of Mihisters was easy enough, so long as they had majorities behind their backs. If the exchequer was empty it was not difficult to float another loan, and in the rough-and- ready politics of the time the money thus obtained could, by expenditure in what was to them a right direction, command a majority. Times have changed, however, and we must change with them, and the impossibility of continuing to an indefinite extent the borrowing process, may be the commencement of a brighter and more honest era in politics. Know ing, however, the weakness of human nature, it would be unwise to sing the praises of the DrBans Ministry until is is older. The new people must show what 'manner of men they are in a position which would try the grit and ability of the best. Injustice to them it may be said, however, that they have displayed a determination to grapple with the principal diffioulty with which the country is faced in a manner which ought to secure the public confidence. The question of finance concerns every member of the community, and the new Ministers seem determined that at a time of general depression the service of the State shall not be conducted in a manner which, doubtless, was con sidered right and proper when the country could arrange for a new loan as 'seoon as the previous one was expended. At'the banquet given to the Post master-General at Campbelltown the other night, Mr. SEE, responding to the toast of the Ministry, spoke in a inanner at once sanguine and sensible regarding the aims which he and his colleagues had set before them. He scorned' the accusation that the new Ministry, in referring to public affairs as they found them, desired tre be smirch the colony's credit. Whatthey .did say was not in disparagement of the country or its condition, biit' to disclose the whole truth regard ing its financial position. Without entering into figures on the subject he would say that it was very difficult to find money for the purpose of carry ing on public works, for the Treasury was not overflowing, as some people imagined it to be. The stoppage of public works in a new country like this would be disastrous, but he be lieved that many minor works con structed from loan votes should have been paid out of current revenue and not chalked up against posterity, which would not have the benefit of them. Mr. SEE, however, did not disclose anything with regard to the tariff proposals of the Ministry. On the necessity of introducing a measure of Protection prior to entering into proposals for Federation the Treasurer was very emphatic. He expressed the opinion that the circumstances of New South Wales were such as to demand that it should be placed in a better position before entering into such a union. However capable the members of the Ministry may be, it will be impossible to stand unless they deal with Protection in a manner consistent with their previous professions. They cannot afford to make an effort to "sink" subjects which others have unsuccessfully attempted to sink. As a Protectionist Ministry, Mr. DinUS and his colleagues must stand or fall. If there are lions before them in the path, there are also followers who will press over the bodies of their leaders if there be any faltering. Although the unexpected frequently happens, yet it is not likely that the forthcoming session will seal the fate of the new Government. The Free. traders cannot be very anxious to accept office under circumstances little better for them than existed when they went, or were sent, out of power. The financial riddle must be solved, and, after having borrowed four and a half millions, most of which had been expended before the loan was floated, they ought not to be very ambitious to go into power with an empty Treasury. As to the Labour party, its members will doubtless see the advisableness of allowing the Go vernment fair play for this session, even though it may be found neces sary to impose fresh taxation through the Custom House. Money must be had somewhere, and it is far better that it should be raised by this medium than that honorable mem bers should be required to take a lower salary in return for their patriotic services in Parliament. That honorable members are prepared for another appeal to the country may be true; that all of them would wel come a general election is not likely. The Labour members may be eager for the electoral fray, but on the most glorious field of battle many good men give up the ghost. After being a few months elected it would be awkward to tearone's voice to pieces and again beat the political drum, possibly to find one's name near the end of the list. These considerations suggest themselves to the majority of thoughtful people, and the Labour members have their fair share of common - sense. Therefore, rtaking one consideration with another, it will be foolish of our representatives if they do not let the hottest months of summer elapse without worrying themselves over the prospect of being required again to ask the suffrages of the electors. 