Mim OF HOTS AND "MEN OF MARK," [BY MARK ANTONT.] NICK BANNÄTYME, OF SWAMP OUK GULLY. Nick Bannatyne, the subject of this sketch, was not one ot the old pioneers of Australia He had only been about fifteen years out from England when I made his acquaintance, so of course he was not a ' Torty," and I have therefore decided to place him among my " Men of Mark," and to give him the premier place in that brilliant crowd He was an Englishman, bluff, hearty and robust, also fat, fan, and foi ty, besides the remainder, aud his hospitality and friendliness to the stranger never failed Nick is still to the fore, be it understood, and his genial smile and cheery laugh are yet the delight of many hearts and the life of many a social gathering When I first met him, just ten years ago, he was foi ty and a "bittock," the * bittock"-as any Scotchman can tell you-repre oenting any period between that and fifty Nick was a widower, even at that time, and the father of five bouncing heaüy girls, the youugest of them being quite eighteen, and the oldest-well, I do not see that this can concern us The lady is still single, and it would hardly be fair to-to-ahern i Suffice it to say that at that period her next youngest slater w is twenty eight, and had been wife for several years This statement simplifies îrattei s greatly, and saves me from treading on delicate ground But Becky was a sensible girl, and, ifter all, cated little who knew her age, and as a matter of fact, would have told you it herself as readily as would the eighteen year old sister DMly These two were all that remained to Nick now, the others being happily married, and settled in different parts of the colony, but never a Christ- mas passed over then heads without finding them all once moie united in their father's house. Ah ' that was the time to see jollity and life on the old station of Swamp Oak Gully All theneighbours for a distance of ten miles round would be invited and dances in the " big shed," and picnics on the river would be the order of the time ?or a full wee! E\cuisions on hoiseback to the onely and romantic glades that he between Casino and Deepwater were also much patronised, and on the glorious nights when the soft moonlight flooded the forests, joyous parties met in their sylvan shades to sing the sweet melodies that could move the heart I have been there, dear reader, and have tasted oE all the bliss of those happy hours, and now their memorv comes back to me through the mists of the vanished years, and I long to lead you there, too, that we may taste their glories together In the sweet vistas we will traverse, perhaps some scene may recall a bright memory of your own, and we will thus live over again our vanished hours of joy, and leave dull care behind us to gnash his teeth or, in default of teeth, his withered old gums I was oruamentiug the top of a beer cask in Mobbs' Hotel, Casino, and frantically trying to " ma3h" the rather good looking barmaid, when I fiist met Nick Baunatyne He rede up to the door and marched riç;ht m, and in my study of hia portly form and honest cheery fac-», I instantly started to neglect my fust occupation Nick didn't, though He took up the running considerably m advance of the place where I left off by simply takirg the younp woman in his arms and kissing her heaitily-also several times Then he asked her how she was gettiug on, and she said " Very well, indeed thank you," after whi^h they both laughed for a time, and I laughed a little, too " Here's a go '" I muttered " Well, to be sure, but I must be a ninny after all Imagine an old forty-I thought Nick was a "forty" then " kissing her like that, and a grand looking young fellow like rae so much afraid of her Gosh ' I have her now," I said to myself, ' 111 kiss bei, too -soon as ever the old joker clears " It was a gallant resolve, and I may here state that I lost no time in putting it m practice-or rather trying to, but I regret to say the venture was not an unqualified success She was a big strong barmaid, the kind of barmaid that is handy where the customers are a bit rowdy or agncul tural, and she stood up bravely against me on that occasion, and showed me I must not think of it She also thiew me halfway across the street, and then came out after me aid-and- but let us change the subjeet. She would not allow me to kiss bet, and I beg to state I did not insist " And now young fellow," said Nick, addressing me as if we had been intimate fuends, "How do y)u think that waB done?" He referred to the kissing, of course, and I hastened to assure him I believed it to be well done. " I wish I could do it as well" I added. I " Oh, you'll coma on as the day breaks up, lad," I he remarked, confidently. " It only wants plenty 1 o' cheek and a firm determination. However, I've been a long time at it-oh, more'n 40 years, lad, and I ought to be good at it now. Fill up the drinks, Flora-what's yours, young fella? I wor at the kissing game when I wor only ten year old, and I tell yo the wimmen likes it as well as we do only they're more cute. Aint that so, Flora'r ?" " I must say it is, Nick," said Miss Flora, can- didly. "There, I told you so-all the same-all like kissing," he remarked, complacently. " You must acquire the habit, young man, or you'll be nowhere with the gals." "I'll eertainly have a big try, sir," I replied, at the same time throwing a most insinuating glance at Miss Flora. " The first time I get a reasonable chance I will try it." " That's right j never hesitate an instant. Say," he continued, earnestly, " if ye think ye'd be shy, or anything, why not go in for a little practice first? Flora hero, i'll let ye have a few tries jest in fun, you know-and then you could venture on your own hook afterwards." '* If the gentleman is in no hurry till after Christmas, I might have no objections to give him a few lessons," rematked Flora, reflectively. " In the meantime, however, I fear I shan't be able to spare the time." " Nonsense, rot ! not to be thought of for a minnit, young laúy," he asserted stoutly. " If you're so stuck up and pertickler, we'll have to put bira on elsewhere." "Oh, anywhere at all, and many thanks for your kind interest," I said, entering into the joke at once. " I may inform you, too, that I am not hard to please as regards looks, you know. Even this young lady would do for me." " Hurrah ! One for the new chum !" shouted Nick, uproariously. "I say, Florar, he had ye then." " Humph ! my turn next," said that young person pettishly, and throwing her nose in the air. "I'll pay hira outsoun, mébbe." So she did, too, as the reader is aware, and when I reflected on the awful flippancy of my words, I felt that I deserved all I got. Nick and I con- tinued to fraternise and exchange confidences for some time longer, and when he left to go after hia other business in the town, I was included in the list of his many warm friends, and had a pressing invitation to visit Swamp Oak Gully and pass my Christmas amid its gay scones. " You don't fail to come now, Tom," he urged, warm y. " I like to see nice people out there, and you are certainly that description of man, ain't he, Florar ? But there, I can see you quite agree with me, and- aro jest dying with love for him now. You fear Becky, or Dolly 'ill cat you out, and I dessay they will too-Dolly will, fur certain-and it will sarvo you jolly well right, fur not being more obleeging." "Oh, but I'll be there too, you know, Nick,"she remarked. [ " So ye will, my duck, so ye will j but you know you won't have a ghost o' a chance with my Dolly. She's far better looking, and far fatter nor you, yon I know," - " I just adore fat girls, Mr. Bannatyne, I said. I " Aie the ones you refer to your daughters^?" " Thoy jest are that same, young man," he de- clared, proudly, " aud better girls, or fatter, don't reside oa this here river. You'll fall-in love with 'era both," he continued, rapturously, " and you'll get 'em both, too, if you want 'em, see ! So there." And with this pai ting assertion, and a triumphant glance at Flora, ray new friend departed.! After he left-I may say, indeed, immediately after he left-the little kissing dispute, already hinted at, took place between Flora and myself, and I need only state that it resulted in a sort of cool- ness between us that lasted for nearly a week. It was over long before Christmas though, and I had the distinguished honour of escorting that muscular young lady to Swamp Oak Gully on the eve of that auspicious day. This was only one of the many proud triumphs of my varied life, and I meation it here merely to show that I am of a forgiving disposition, and could k never harbour spite. Flora wanted to teach me all r she knew about kissing four days after we had the little trouble over it, and said she was sorry, and " would I love her when she was old ?" Anel a lot more such nice things ; so it will be conceded we were now very good friends indeed. We rode out to the Gully theiefore, on Christmas eve like two chums should, and my. companion beguiled the journey by giving mo a brief history of all the peo- ple wo were likely to meet. Nick aud his two single daughters met us at the door of their big, rambling, flower-embowered house, and the warm welcome they extended to me-I being the only stranger among them-will never fade from my mind. " Wclcomo to the Gully, my lad, a hundred wel- comes," roared the genial Nick, seizing my hand and almost jerking me out of the saddle. " Here, boy," to one of his aboriginal servants, " get the saddles and shoes off'n these couple o' 'osses, and turn 'em out into tb e big paddock. Not a word now. Off shoes, as I tell you. These 'osses won't be wanted fur a month." " Still as foolish as ever," lamented Flora, gazing in affected pity at our jolly host. Tho black boy only grinned, but I was relieved to see that he did not set about unshoeing our horses, but merely turned them into the paddock after laying away the saddles. " Dolly ! Becky ! como here till I interduco ye to the stranger," now howled their father. " This is tho lad, yo huzzies. This is the ' Tom ' I've been tolling ye about Ho knows nothing about kissing young gals, and I promised I'd get you two to teach him. Now, then, which o' ye wolunteers to make a beginning ?" There was quito a bevy of young maidens around us, and, in response to Nick's challenge, an eager and almost unanimous cry of *' I will," " so will I," " me too," assailed our ears from each side, and then the mischievous but friendly girls made a simultan nous rush at nie, and for the next few minutes I had a rough, but by no means unpleasant time of it. They hugged and scrambled rue all round the shrubbery in their extravagantly affected attempts to kiss me, but I kept nice and cool all along, and, in this way, made the acting a real fact. Pre- sently they began to drop down to ray little game, however, and then they retired by twos and threes, blushing and confused. " He's a regulur fraud, girls," now announced Nick decisively. "A confounded delusion and a snare. I've been keeping my eye on him all the time, and I can see plainly he knows more about the. game than any o' ye. He kissed each o' ye at least four times, and Florar, there, twice that. I suppose, though, it's har as has been breaking him in ?" " Well, what of it ?" demanded Flora. " Oh, nothing, only you re a pair of frauds, he replied. "Well, let us get inside. Supper Í3 almost ready, and I want to see if you are all as good at that as you have proved to be at kissing." We entered, and having each been shown to our rooms, a hasty toilette was made ere coming down to share in the feast, and for the next ten minutes the sounds of merry voices and hearty laughter re-echoed throughout all the corners of the dear old place. It was like a children's carnival in a valley of flowers : a sweet endearing vision of complete and undreamed of bliss, and a memory to live and gladden the heart while reason holds her throne. Every passago and doorway was a gleaming arch of scarlet and golden blossoms, and each window ledge and balcony bore its load of the lovely flowers and green lea ves of th is hraavenly region. The place was a veritable Eden of bright blooms, and the cun ! ningly-arranged designs that adorned the roof and walls had turned the old house into a fairy palace. As darkness began to fall, soft lights shone out through the rich green of the floral designs, and the swoet notes of a grand piano added its charm to the hour. Down in the banquetting hall beautiful lamps, garnished with flowers, flashed over the massive tables, and shone on the heads of many " fair women and brave men." (This last may not be original, but it is strictly correct, but most true as regards the "brave men" statement I being there in person.) And the hum of young voices and gentle mirth was ever in the air. Ah ! dear ravishing memory ! Sweet never-to-be-for- gotten scene, come to me now over the buried years and let me again tasto of thy bliss ! Come to me as thou wert then, and come oft, in thy beauty, for never since then have I tasted of such happi- ness ! Ah, me ! the poetry of that feast and the sweet fresh pork, the romance, and the glorious roast duck ! Soft and low on our enraptured ears fell the notes of the piano as we fell on to Becky's soft buns ; and the hura of the prying mo?quitoe was smothered in the popping of corks, as we poured torrents of the rich, red wine down our throats after the feast was over. Oh, to think of it ! oh, to dream of it ! Kerry dance, indeed ! Pah ! it could never com- pare with that happy scene, nor get within ten feet three inches of the dance that came after in the " big barn." We kept it up the whole night, and were still at it when the inconsiderate sun showed his red disc above the Tabulam Range, and the mocking laugh of the goburra was ringing through the woods. I recollect Flora tried hard to monopo- lise me at first, butl objected! and then she took rae aside and told me I was " a false young man," and a " cruel deceiver." I did not attempt to deny it. Nay, I believe I even went so far as to admit it might bo so, upon which the dear girl hit me over the hat with her parachute. She had it in her hand at the time, and had called me outside to tell me she must go home, as she could not bear my flirting with the other girls. She also said her heart was broken, and that she did not know what I could possibly see in the "Miss Norries," 'eos they both squinted. It was about this time that she found it incumbent on her to bang me with the sunshade, and :hen we two parted to meet no more-for an hour. Shortly after this sad event tired nature began to assert herself, and gradually the gay scene was deserted, and slumber reigned supreme in the chambers of Swamp Oak Gully. (To be concluded next week.) 