HOUSE OF KIMMON. • STOEY OP THB “ BLACK OOUNTBY I BOOTH BTAPPOBBBH1BB. J Bt JEANIE Q WYNNE BEIT ANY, Author of Aunt Sauokn’s Two Legacies,’ ’ eto. CHAPTER LIX.—Tins Pains op Freedom. I • After her mother’s death aud burial, Made* I line returned to Mr. Saltring's without any Tesistonco on hor father's,part. It was ngroed botweon hor undo and herself that she should •got part euddonly from ,thoBo w^o had be. inendod hor in ho^.soro need.' Moroovor, thoy artfarrmnftri nnt'tVt.lut n*A«V!U(.> ;« *»._ determined not'tfe be precipitate In lotting the events which had occurred become known to their relatives, for Mr. Rockiugham well know that nothing short of the most dexterous action would onsuo for his niece any recognition by them. Borides tho Saltrings, only one family "r““ admitted into confidence, narooly, tho pflW ! nnd Ifiaf rnmn nKnitf ttiia «a« Towers ; and that came about this wayi Mr. Rockingham had resolved to make in* quiries aeto tho places Felbois had visited when he had come to Langton; and fortune so far favoured him that it was of Jody Waddy ho chanced to inquire first. Early in tho morning after his return from Manchester, ho looked first on tho ohurch stops AlJgdy. who was indeed there, smoking his imle alrty9p9^a9fr49ttfih&jUita.; hat as the clergyman approached, and then wi Rockingham to address him. 14 It's not worth swearing about, Jody, put in tho clergyrqan. 44 It’s a plain question, and requires only a plain answer/' 44 Have you seen a strange, foreign-looking {gentleman about hero anywhere ?" Mr. liock in^ham asked, An’ if I havon't," responded Jody, solemnly looking upwards, 44 may tlie Lord——" 44\Yell, then,” rosumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he, was quite ready to give the plain answer required, but that he perhaps took the word in a wrong senso, “ ho wor tho darnedest tongue-" 44 That isn't quite what I meant," explained Hr. Rockingham. 44 Bo you happon to know whom he came to see ?" 44 It might ha* been mo," replied Jody, shaking his. shaggy head,41 by the way as he called me4 my friend,' when he oughttoha': knowod, too, as I'd xather.be frionde with a polecat, i or my missis yonder, than 'im. I've n0W-.beaft.,W«lil>.“9^«o. wor-hewv-^and .I’m. feared as be wished mo ul," 44 Well, well," said Mr. Rockingham, grow ing impatient under this tirade j for he felt sure he referred to Pelbois, as m a place like Langton a foreigner was so rare a visitor. 44 What was ho like ?" 441 don't know," answerod Jody. I couldn’t abide to look at 'im. He looked black enough, I know that; an* ho pullod a hat over his faco, he did, an'ho asked mo to show 'im tho way to Doctor Towore's, an* then had the faco, to gromblo at tho road. An', 0 Lord, don't I wish I. had tho burying of'im ; ho wor the aggravatinest furriner-" Jody, to hii utter surprise, found himself left at this point by the clergyman. Ho looked after him as ho disappeared down the road, with a fixed eyo of disapproval. 44 Oh!" ho exclaimed,441 thought he wanted to know about it, but it's like ’ora all—;they all leave me to talk to tho ghostesea. 1 ain't sure the ghostesea ain't better to talk to ; they don’t snap'a man's nose off in a-answerm'^flf ’ctP,4* the ghosteeee don't, OlflJU&yitrfgM.; but she ullll ]Tiiipiii ghost, to my mind, an* "sbecouldn't walk for a good while afore she died, sol don't suppose *er ghost can walk." And the old man tilled his dirty pipe again. It was a habit of his to baul about a spado, as another man might have done a stick, as a 1 mark of office. He had got his spade now. He only know one song, and that was appro priatetobis office; and botwoen his puna ho eang it now, though ho hadn't tho faintest notion of koepiog in tune, and had considerably mutilated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain he liked best was— V I’ve buried ’em deep, and my 'duty JWo done; *. and one line, refoiTing to the numbers the gravedigger of the song had buried, always brought to his ' . ~ __s face an individual smirk. Onco in singing this song at tho Bull's Head, when a little tho worso for drink, ho had remarked to one of his companions—no, not companions, for he had none—but to one of those soatou beside tho samo tiro with himself at that time, •4 If there'd only come a pestilence, as they talk.of in tho chureb, au* I could ,’avb the baryta’ of ’em, I bolieve 1 wouldn’t mind dyin* at tne end ot it myself. When I know as I've buried more than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done.’* Mr. Rockingham was far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides had carried him to the corner house, inhabited by tho doctor and his family. Doctor Towers had always had a friendly fooling for Mr. Rockingham, because he had novor taken advantage of nis priesthood to inquire into private affairs, so he was always welcome whon he oiliedi The tiny sitttagroom was empty When Mr, Rockingham entered it, aud eat down ou one of tho chintz-covered chairs, and looked down the street through tho small window, The doctor was just starting out on hia first round, but he came at onco to Mr. Rocking '44 You are just going out j I fear," he began,. « and wbat I have come about cannot bo put in a nutshell. Had I not better walk with ^ 41 If you don’t mind," said the doctor, 441 Bhouldbe very glad if you would, as thoro arc some patients fought to sco early. Thero’s a good oeal of sickness about" The clergyman took his hat aud put it on, os the sign that ho was roady, and ho and tho doctor passed out of tho door, and had soon left the straggling village bohind. 441 hope you will not think," began the clergyman, with some diffidonce, 44 that what I am going to say is unduo interference with yon? affairs. It you will have tho pationceto bear me, you will see that at any rate I am as deeply implicated asauy ouo can bo in tho affair of which I am going to speak, aud my only motive is to liberato you, if possible, from wbat must be, if my surmises are correct, a moat bitter bond. A man who has caused mo the bitterest trouble my life has known is, I find, also connected with your house." The doctor’s great chest heavod, and his piercing eyes caught all tho expression of tho clergyman’s face as he spoke. .... 41 The name of your married siBter is the aime as that of tho roan I havo alluded to. I Lave traced the man to your house." The doctor’s faco became very pale. •» Will you tell me in tho samo friendly spirit in which I ask, if that man ever professed to maxrv your sister F" M He, did marry her," replied the doctor, 44 Gaia you give mo the date f" “Itwaa February, 18—.” 44 You axe sure of that P" 41 have reason enough to be sure." by specul axnt&tfttmeal; witti Ma WkjtTXrfwhj**>dOotpnbllsheie. £234) “ Then/* aaiil tho clergyman, “ I am, indeed, a messenger of gdod to you.” ' t *‘ How can you be V’1 “ Ho is not your aistor's huBband.” “ Explain yourself.” ‘‘ Ho married my sister baforo that date.** Tho doctor atood still in tho road. The clergyman also stopped, Tho two mon looked Qa<di other, a now meaning iu oacb face. What a bond tlioro ia in a common Borrow! That interchanged look made theso two mon 1 brothers. “Strange, passing strange!” said Towers. “ How can I rejoice in your presence ? I feol us if you had taken my place in a prison-coil. All tho roat ia small,” ho added, thinking of hie sistor, “ compared with hor bearing his name and boinpjus wife. That he hail betrayed, ruinedihor, Booms notliing to it, At least she is still, mine, and need never troublo herself about him again.” “ How you must havo auiTorod,” responded tho olergyraan sadly, “ to have learnt your lesson so well! I too havo had to loam that tho caao j’b loss wretched whon a belovod ono ib‘ choatod and ruined by a bad man, than whon ho has tho right to call her liis proporty, and bid her go ana come, and nono arts ablo to holp or forbid. When I saw Pelbois he told mo ho hud peon somewhero aftor money, Havo you indeod boon paying him to leave to you what was not his to claim ?” * “ That is the wholo story,” “ Then it is ovor, and I havo been a messenger of good after all.” “ You havo indeod; you havo reniovod tho shadowthat covorod our house. Death removed one; you havo removed tho other. If things like this happen to mo, I shall believe thero is a God of mercy after all,” Tho clergyman did not bogin, as some very young curates would havo done, to attempt to prove to this man of acionco the existence of a Uodofraorcy. Mr. Rockingham confined his preaching to tho pulpit; moroovor, he was far-Bightod enough to see that Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that momont, for ho had given ono little glanco up ward, and his eyes wero swimming with tears. They walked on a little further, and tho doctor said, “You havo boon uo very kind to mo, and mado yourself so closo a friend by what you havo done, that it cannot bo wrong in mo to ask you if your sister is beyond tho roach of that j “ She is beyond tho roach of that man, boyond tho roaoh of everyone. Man could not free her, so God did it;” and ho added, us if dotorrained to bo thoroughly frank with this man, whom ho I had respected all along, and now felt n strong | affection for, by reason of their common silent I suffering— “ My sister had a daughter. Sho ia with me. So God has not left me entirely desolato.” 1 The doctor looked inquiringly. “ You must guess it already. v Madolina is I my nioco, but I do not wish it to bo known at present. I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer in justice at their hands, Sho must not go to them or be;,known to them unless in her right ful position.” ‘.i Pride r is .a hard dictator->t, times.” re marked Xfr Towers, with a sigh; •' , “ That is true," repliod tho vicar, “ and my family I havo found as hard os over, oven when. I took my poor darling’s romaius to their resting-place in the family vault. But I have a plun in ray head that shall right Madelino, • and until then she shall remain at Mrs. Salt rin^s as before, which sho is vory willing to Moromight havo been said, but the doctor’s timo was of importance, and they were at tho gate of tho houso ho was to visit first. Dr, Towora was bo light hearted whon he entorod his patient’s room, ao very chatty, that the vory Bight of him produced a good effoct; and when ho bad loft that house and was once moro in a country lano, ho found himBolf unwontcdly singing. Then when "*■ liberty to return home to his usual oariytittffiBi, beheads somo purchases of special dainties in tho villager out’of-their reach hithorto, and Bent them on before him to herald the approach of better fortune. Miss Towers took in tho basket hersolf when it arrived, and called hor eiBter’u attention to it. “What can bo the meaning of hiB spending all this money?” said Madamo Pelbois, as wo shall continue.to call her. “These things must bo bo expensive, It's bo early in the season.” “I toll you what it ie,” said Amy, putting her thin hands together tightly, “wo are some how in luck.” “Very much bo, indeed,” said Dr, Towers, coming upon them. “ Wo shall be heroafter as othor people, peaceful and unmoloated. Isn’t that something?” Tho two poor ladios. looked almost Beared. What could thoj think ? He took each by an arm and led thorn into tho little sitting-room, and closed the door. “ Glrla,” he said, “I declare for tho first U.. to U jm-.aw nm-ll. and iuconvcniont,” His Bisters dared not Bpeak, Thoy were almost afraid of thia mood of liis. The doctor was only amuBed by the' fear in thoir faces, and tantalisingly went on, holding bad news as it were high above thoir heads. “What do you say to the gabled white house, Amy?” *. • - “The gabled white house! Mr. Richard son's house?!’ * “Not Mr. Richardson’s now,”- said tho doctor, his face smiling all over. “Don’t you think it would Buit us ?” “ Why do you talk of such things,” answered Louisa aeprecatingly, “when you know they ore quite out of our reach?” “Out of our reach they were,” replied tho doctor, “ bo long as other people spent our money for ua; but not bo if our inoomo were our own. We havo never been short of income, but others havo spent it for us; that has been it, arid thaMfrall'eriued.” 7 “Heis dead!” exclaimed Madame Pelbois with a gasp. “ Then he is dead!” “ Dead to you, my Louisa, for over and ovor,” aaid tho doctor, taking hor face, so thin and careworn, between his two largo hands. “Ho is dead to you. Ho is to you as if ho had never lived. You have had a bad dream, that is all. None of it has ever boen,” he wont on, look ing with glowing eyes at the pale face he held. “ VVo must all believe that.” “Tell ub what you havo hoard, nt once, insisted Amy. - “Youhave heard something; tell us tho meaning, of it all.” “ My love,” saiatho doctor, “ there is nothing to tell but this. Louie ia your own, vory own sister, just as if she hod never gone away ; no one else has any right over her. Thero is no more to toll than that. He hna boon a villain to yon, Louie ; but it is oil over. He has uo right over you; he never had. Ho daro not trouble us again, Ho was a married mau at tho vory tim» — —” He did not finish his sen tence, aud it was not needed. It was all ( understood now. ' . i Perhaps tbo doctor would not have lookoa so 1 disappointed when Louisa showed no Bign of pleasure had .ho weighed more carefully go difforonco botweou hiB position and hers. Ho had looked for a wild outburst of joy from both his sisters at tho nows he had communi cated, and it was received in dead Bilenco. The doctor had not made allowance enough for the physical and mental dogonorntion which comoB so often to women who sit at homo and suffer, while tho happier mon go forth to work. Thoy had not tho power left in them to suddenly rejoice at anything, but they bad that innate fear and suspicion that come of such oxperionco, and could not allow thoir minds to trust that thoy had at last euro -ground beneath, their, feet. When the doctor saw tho cold and apa thetic way in which thoy received tho nowe, his heart sank into a depression for the timo being as deep as that which had boon hiB for years until that morning. In his depression ho bogan to ask himself whother tho news ho had board was true, whother he had been too hasty; whether, iu fact, their troublo was over; and ho foltthat nothing could remove this torture of miud but Bomo positive proof. So with a kind of prophetic impulse, he aaid,to his sisters, “You don’t re alise it. I will fetch you proofand went out. As ha spoke the wordB they wero echoed hack to him as if some ono also had spokon them; and a great courage welled up within him. Ho was not goin£ to eoek proof; ho was going to fetch it; ana naturally enough his foot took him into tho vicarago. Ho .was not long there; and when ho cams out with, if anything, a more buoyant look on his face than ho had worn in tho morning, our worthy sexton accosted him with — “ Hai> a fever broke out, Doctor Towers ?” “ Not that I know of,” answered the doctor, not wishing to be interrupted, i “O lord,” said Jody, disconsolately, “I : thought there wor; you look bo jolly glad. And, he addod, explanatorily, “other folk’s i trouble’s yours and ray bios sin*, aiu’t it, doctor 1 > Folks die bo we can live, don’t they?” “I don’t got my living by killing people,” j responded the doctor snappishly, and walkod on, with his hand prossod,-against his side where his pocket was, as if ho had a pain in it He banged open his door, to the serious damagi t of the lock. But what of that ? He would noi > be there long, ho knew. He found the letten whore he had left them. , “ If you want proof,” ho Baid, “ look here.’ It was a boiia'Jide copy of a marriage certificate «It’s true, Louisa,” said Amy. “ You were never married to him at.all;” and eho began t< feel something of hor brother’s gaioty of spirit “ Where Is your womanhood, Amy*” criei r Madame Pelbois bitterly, “ that you triumph ii my disgrace? If I am not his wife, what an j I ? A disgraced being, fit only to creop to a corner, and hide. and uio.*' “ Why should you die, bocauso you have boon deceived ?”roplied horbrothor. “After all, is not anything hotter than to know your self tho property of that man V' “At tho cost of being no longer au lioueat womau," rejoined Louisa, with bittor irony, ‘Iam to huvoniy freedom from him attliat “Look hero," said tho doctor, striking tho table with bis heavy fist .till it shook. ‘‘Lot rao hear nono of that socioty caut about honest women. Is socioty your God to judgo you ? I behove,” ho wont on, with an energy that caused tho littlo room to vibrato, “ that all this world's judgmonts will ho roversod in another. There can ho no disgraco whero thoro is no sin,'* “ But I livo in tho world, and what will the world call mo whon they got to know?” ‘‘Ganit matter what tho world calls Vou, when it called the greatest and ‘ purest being that ever lived, blasphemer? Hold: up your head, and do not fear. Givo tho lio to any word, by your look. Integrity is stronger than slander, and silent truth invulnerablo against busy lies. I promise you, you shall havo no timo to dwell on this; you shall bo up and doing. I mean to take tuo white house I spoke of; not to leavo you in it all day whou I'm away, though. I shall do what Mr. Saltring long ago rocommeuded; I shall have a carriage, and you shall go out with mo; and you can't think about overythiug all at onco." Louisa only looked more melancholy at all this, said to choor her. She would have to •earn Mo a child hownot to bo miserable ; and it throatenod to be as hard a lesson as any she had over had to learn. The doctor, however, was sanguine. Nothing seemed to check tho sudden How of hia spirits sinco he had had the proof. And bofore long tho white house* sohome was carried into execution, much to the general satis faction of the Xangtonions, who looked upon CTw,“° °.r 00 “ieir property, and Mb rospecta* them UB m S01UQ Way or °“I0r reflected upon 