COUNTitr INTELLIGENCE. [From our own correspondents .J BLANCHETOWN, January 26. The weather for the last few days has been almost unbearable, 103 being registered in the shade, but a beautiful change eet in last night, and this morning xre had a slight shower. The river is falling-at an imperceptible rate, and as so much rain lias fallen lately on the Darling-we may soon expect another rise, which will debar several of the residents of this place from entering their Homes on the river bauk. Such a sight as we have here now has not' been Been before, even by tlie oldest resident of Blanclietown (for like other places, we too have our oldest resident). At present on the • bank of the river we have stacked about 2,000 bugs of wheat, and Messrs. Cave & Co.'s agent (Mr. George l'eardale) tells me that within six weeks he will be sending another 8,000 bugs. Much has been said at times of sending means to the heathen to have the gospel pro claimed. I orten think much more good might be done by looking closer home. With the exception of;Mr. Newbould of Truro, and a passing visit f#om Mr. Fairy, no glad tidings have been proclaimed during my term here (threeyears),however, Mr. Newbould, has now assured us of his intention of visiting us every second month. The - rer. gentlemm delivered two addresses yesterday, and during his discourse alluded in sympathetic terms to the sad calamity which overtook the people at Morgan lately. NAB.RACOORTE, January 26. Large bush fires have been racingfor the past two days. One started on Saturday on the Moy Hall boundary, and assisted by the south eastern wind burnt two to three thousand acres of grass, also some valuable stud sheep. It swept alone the fine fertile plains covered with dry irflamable grass, carrying grass, sheep, ai»d fences. The working men's home stead blocks, which are eituated-on the border of Lake Omerofl, barely escaped. A haystack on a block owned " by Nicholson narrowly escaped. Ploughed furrows were around, but the fire helped by the wind crossed these, and the bulk of the flame was only stopped by the earth from a veil recently dug,and willing hands worked hard and just managed to save the stack. J. MePhial have a house, garden and fence utterly ruined. Thegarden was noted for fine crops of grapes, this year comparing favorably with any other year. Luckily not many household effects were on the premises, the owner having recently gone to live with his eon. A running match took place on the local oval on Saturday between E. Howell and H. McEcheran for £10. This match arose out of the railwa) handicap run here on 27th December, when Howell conceded six yards to McEcheran, the latter just winning by a few feet; but on Saturday they started JereL McErheran gained three yards in the start and looked all over a winner, but at 30 yards from home Howell put on a splendid spurt and both breasted the tape together, a dead heat being the judge's verdict. M> Echer»n refused to run off and the stakes were with drawn. Much excitement prevailed, Howell's plucky running being much admired. Sunday was hot and disagreeable, the smoke from the bush fire? causing much annoyance, but on Sunday night cold weather came up and there is every appearance of rain. I note with pleasure the move for the Wednesday half-holiday. F'>r many years it has worked well here ; in faction Wednesday afternoon the place seems deserted. The banks do not close, still preferring the Satur day. The holiday gives the assistants time for recreation, and I am certain the employers (©el the holiday just as nice as the assistants, o,nd get more satisfaction by seeing freati, hearty, jolly workmen around, instead of candle-faced ghosts. 