PRESBYTEiJIAK SYKOD. HSBfiMDAy, J1ABCH18. MOENIKQ BEDEBDNT. *The synod met yesterday morninc at 10 (o'clock, end wne opened devotionaJly. . t^lIOR OF XHK EOCTOH OHCBCUKB. The'«ynod went into conference on the subject of-uuionwiih Victoria, which had been Introduced an the previous evening by the speeches of the Victorian delerata t£eBeve.W.J.«illeBpieandT.K.Cairns ' Careful consideration wne uiven to the .proposals eubmittad by the Victoiian dele gates on behali of the committt e BDnointAri ™ wnuoi wiui bus aeiflgai«s witD tbe denu on the 27th January. ?,. ;Toe ontline of directions approved at the meeting was as followed.- \, lhat the depaties should eoquire iit0 Bn4 ran™° «ritodbyphfm«-ia. tbe tenure on which Si** prop9t?-*- we held ; (6) on the neca 2*J SL 4ct ot VaUimmt to legalise the propr^ed maon-H effected— and the prolttD-jit, ol obtaining such an Act, with «* (jreat, expense or opposition. 2. That ?\iiae enquiries should be made in regard to beneficiary funds, ic, tbe widows' fund, and the aged and infirm mtnisteis' fund, the amount of these funds, tbe number of annuitant, and how the funds are raised and dispensed. S. That enquiry should likewise lie made with rospect to tlieir faome mission fund, thtjr suBtentaiiou fund, tlioir Jubiiee fund, if any, and their ftuiQ for the trainirg and nseittlDK oi Students for the miniHtrv 4 Thnt. ri»flnit-a information Ehonld also be elicited reWivn to tbe attainments required of students preMoUE to their being linenBi'd, and the formula which has to be eigued by ministers and elder, at the ordination and induiliou f. That full Information on all these points *n connection with our own church ebould oe given to the other churcheB by the -deputies, and that a free interchange of 'Opinion in regard to tbn future manage . vent of all such matters and questions should be evoked. 6 That tbe chu-chee 'Sited should be requested to Bppoint deputies to attend the meeting of our com I ttftsion in May, when our deputies will be expected to submit the report of their mission and the information which they I have succeeded in obtaining, so that some I definite proposals in regard to future I negotiations may be formulated for eub I mission. («) To special meetings of tbe I snpreme courts of tbe other churches, to I be held, say, in October; and (i) to tbe ? meeting of our assembly in November. 7. ? Tuecommitte, though acting therein sol.ly ? on their own responsibility, considered H ? expedient to sugcest that as one ol the mvata.1 concamir&uC6; of tbe proposed unfcn. the United Church BboulO be under the government of Prefibyteried, S3 nods, and the general assembly. Thot rno met' ing of assembly should be held cbnuully. That the Preebytery of Peuola should be annexed to the synod uf South Australia. That all tbe FrehbvtoricB iu Tasmania should be merged in the synod of Tesmenia, and that there should be at least two tyuode of the Victorian Cburch. Tbat all mnttere oi purely local lalereet should be edjudicnted upon and dealt with finally by tie ruspcc tlve synods, except in cbbm in irhich by mutual consent any matter of difficulty may be referred for advice in ibe general assembly, bnt tbat all auctions nfF^r.ino the general interest of the Churches bhouk be duly ventilated in the synods. and reported on to lie assembly Finally, the committee considered that it would be inadvisable, either for them or for the deputies, to enter mow fully or pre cisely for the present into details on the various questions that will naturally be raised in connection with tbe important matters involved in the foregring instruc tions. Thc great point to be timid at, is U'. eliciting of tlw mind of tbe cburchts, relative to tba desirableness and pnicri cabillty of incorpnr*tiv« union aud the obtaining of snch information us may form ? safe and proper bEfisforfu'ure dLcorSion ?nd adjuttsicnt. Extracted from the re cords of tbe oommittee by Jambs Nibh, clerk yro. Urn. The iir.'p-isaiB were remitted lo a buni ne«s eommittfe to supply in writing all information at fully ob possible, and it was decided to appoint bs deputies to a com mission of the General rr»sbyterisn Church Assembly to meet in Melbourne in May next, the Moderator (Rev. D A. M'Uougoin and clerk (Hit, Jus. Scott), tbe BtT. J. Lylu or tfct Kev. J Ttnecell ae eub etiscce, or the Bon. Jae. Gioson. It was also resolved to express the synod's un xeicned Dleasure at the dprmrieft' visit., nnrt their earnest hope tbat tbe proposed union Blight be consummated at an early date, and tbe strong conviction of the synod was that tbe beet interests of tbe church would be promoted thereby. Tbe delegates were instructed to report tbeir procedure at a special meeting of the synod to be held in Campbell Town on the last Tuesday in September uext, at 2 p.m. STUDENTS OF THZOIiOOY. The following report on the students of theology was read by the Rev. Joseph Bloch. MA. theological tutor and adopted : — u»«sre. A. D. Thomson and W. Mabin, ?tuJents of theology, hove since they passed tbe entrance examination under tbe board of examiners in May, 1869, been prosecuting their studies under tbe juris diction of the presbytery of Hobart. Tbey appeared for examination for the first time in November 19, 1889, when Mr Thomson read an eeBav on tbe ' PecoUrities of the Bible bs a revelation from God,' and Mr Mabin on the ' Existence of God.' Tbey next appeared before the presbytery for examination on June 24 '.h. 1890. when Mr Mabia delivered three esrays on the follow ing subject* :— ' Tbe missiou of the Holy Ghost;'7 'The historical evidence of the resurrection of Jesus Christ;' 'Han's in dividuality and responsibility vindicated.' Mr Thomson also gave three essays on ?'The creation of tbe world ;' 'The histori cal books of the New Testament; 'Tbe martyr church.' On January 29tb, 1891, they appeared a third time for examina tion, wben II r Thomson delivered a sermon on Daniel, 6-10, and an e^say on the 'Knowledge of God.' Mr Mabin read s sermon on Phil., 3-1C, end an eFsay on the *' Teleological argument for existence of God.' On each occasion the papers read by tbp students gave much satisfaction to the preebytery, and were c rdially sustained, ns well as thn I exbminatioDS on tbe other subjects of study prescribed by tbe rules of tbe cburcb, and vhich were taken in writing. On January 1 29, 1891, Messrs. Thomson and Mabin had completed tbe first half of the second year's coarse of study, but, in consideration of the time that had elapBed since tbey made ap puuwiua ijo ild CUU1TI1 CO oe TOCOlVeQ OS students of tbeolopy, and tbe ability dis played, as well as tbe great diligence with which they had prosecuted their studies tbe presbytery resolved tbat,Bnbject to the approval of the synod, tbe second course Bbould be held as flushed, and tbat they should be pasBed on to the tbird year'» course of Btudy, with whinb they are now 'nS»Bnd. — Joseph Biack, Theologictl Tutor.' ULVBBBTONE UARSE. An application was received from the board of management of West Devon charge, asking leave to mortgage tbe manse at Ulverstonx for £400, for the pur pose of completing tbe same, en.H mortgage to be covered by snle of glebe allotments. The Kev. A. Doctor mored, and the Rev. A. W. Kyd seconded -'That by the synod's authority end direction tbe cburch trnctets raise and borrow a sum not exceeding £400, and mortgage the vrhole. of tbe land, or any part thernof . and tbat the moners so raised be pai^ to tbe managers of the West Devr,n Presbyterian Church, to be by tbem appliei in tbe erection of the mans». Tbis having been agreed to, the synod adjourned until p.m. AFTEEKOON 8ESKBUNT. The Bynod resumed at S o'clock. FBUSBYTETJIAN ALLIANCE The clerk read a letter received from the general secretary of tbe London Presby terian Alliance, in which a request war nude for a proportion of tbe sum of £400 which tbe London Council bad agreed to contribute towards the expenses of the alliance. I It was decided that the request Dt I granted. I cHtmcn extension. I On t.hA nnrtiopr. nf rhumb ATtanHinn. whic! was lully considered, it wan agreed tbat aD effort be made t-n raise a num sufficient to Provide for Sheffield, ae previously arranged at a Fpeci.il me- ting nf s\nod :— Fineol. &0; Swansea, £35; Circular Head, £2'.; *~;41 and O'Brien's Bridge each to receive BECOaNlTION OF HERTIGKS. It was moved by the Bev. E. C. Tennent '-H That tbe synoa cball mark its seme ol the obligation due to the theologies! tutor, the Eev. 3. Black, for his rtrvioes in con nection with tbetraluing of the two nre sentoandidatefcW the^miriUtr?, iSd Ph£ eervlcfS in tbis ras'pect in the past, fe» KiuituigbiBinB honorarium of £25 from the balance in the Tian4s ot the genera treasurer as a slight acknowledgement of ™/!5f Tam»w» tervioes which be haB rendered the church in this respect ' 'he proposition was seconded by the Eev. H.T,rinll ana carried. OttUBOH PB0PE2TI. *«?= ni\\. a. x. uull moved -?' Tbat it be an instruction to the standing committee on cburch lands to prepare and bring up at tbi) next annuM meeting of the synod, a, detailed list of the properties of the cburcb showing by what Ull»s and in what man ner suci properties an held.' ™ Rev. James Scott seconded the motion, which was carried, and it was agreed that arrangements be marie tbat the deeds be kept at the MicitVa office. BTUrSHrs' ABSISUNOE FDTJD. It was proposed by the Rev. E C. Ten nent. BfiGOIldHd hv Mib TtbiT r^- w«-.» -—.- carried, ?? That it. is hisbly d-sirable tbat a fund be forthwith oriRinat«d f.:t the train Ing and assisting of men qunlined lor and dnsiroue of becoming Btudent* for tbe home or foreign ministry of th« Presb)teriBn Church of ToFmania, who may b» unable *» meet the expense of tbe loog curriculum, «ue& fund to b- entitled 'The Presby cerinn Students' Scholarship Pond,' and to be controlled by the committee of higher education. Further, that tuch fuDd be initiated by a special donation of £20 from tbe balance ol the interest of the deben ture fund, and supported by two annual lecturesgiven by euoh ministers, am] in such Mnces an the committee may appoint, backed by a Btrcng apjieal to the Bimpathy Ila llDAralltV Of Oar tidhiaran'B ar*A tanntn. mended as a ™it»b!e objeos for legacies. And, lastly, tbat such fund be made Bvall able as Foon ns its capital shall have reached £600 Provided also that it shall be applied, at tbe discretion of tbe com mittee, to tbe assisted education of tbose only who hav- witnessed a good and credirsble confession of faith in Jesus Christ.'' ADJOUBNHBKT, Upon the completion of other business, the t-vnod adjourned until Tuesday, March 3\. 1893, in Bt. AnurswVi Cburch, gob»rt, at Sp.m, ^ ? 