The Libor Organisation. -o The political programme settled by the convention of delegates from the various labor council of Victoria at the Trades Hall MTelbourne, this week, will be simultaneously considered by the council at ?elbunrne, Ballarat, Geelong, and Bendigo, and by the Soee al Demo cratic Leaene :at 3Melbourne at their meetings this evenin,. Apnenled to the 'vTort there will also be recommendation' as to the appointment of league commit tees hp each of the several councile, these from time to tim' to meet the.c cference thnu brinin shboutas federated political orconisati n thronghont the colony. The polittial prograrmir which will be reeomm" ded'. for adoption by the whole lah r rnrty is a very camp ehensire ne, andl takes in nearly the whole of the programme of the Social Democratic Leagne the Ptceptions heinethe proposal for theab liti n.of'.heLegislatire Cona cil. mnnicipal, possession and centrol of in'n.lrr m'ono olies, a d' the estahblish-. meat of an i ,traltin Repulultc. ts cnnrction withathe fresttre of the c n vention's rcontmendation t ittn -y be mentioned that of the l16 delegates who formed it. 13 "ere ien of social eemo eratic rainciples. The programme which ,will he. een?m mended will'as nearly as possibl, as f t lows: p holish pliiral:'otin'. Onpose legislation in favor of female suffrage on the property bas?s. Reform the system of electoral regis tration both : Municipal, and Parlia mentary. -. ; . " Equal electirali districts. Annual Parliames. ... A second ballot on the'French principle The state to palf iiabsolutely inecessary election expeiises. 'All other expenditure by the candidate:to be declared corrupt. Abolish all monetary restrictions nowt imposed upon candidates for Parliament. and substitute some other method to serve, its avowed object. Justices of the poate and jurors to be selected by ~allot.: A cumulative system of income tax. A progressive tax on land values; The scale of: State land to be discon. tinued. " , Cumulativ increase In probate duties. A law enacting i' maximum labor day of eighthours.' Improved dellins. '` The Melbourne comiittee who have' been nominatel are-Messrs. T. Farrow,' WV. D. Flign, ' .Linrig'stone: -:Foster: M'Donald. Allen. Bfosyn. Eleming.. Paul., Pasfield, Hurrel .and Prendergast. ,: The Goveiri ep~1a~atip'ao'opportufa nity on thed p g'forever the nmuCh" ve3''ea ' iver ?yndicate quiestion. It will'?i t renmembeied that the late Government proinise'd ike sytdi. c ate to sell ther,Yea' River reserve for a certain amount..:Before the trans cttion had been,cpmipleted, theMutnro .overnment took chmrpand of the country he New Min'ster of Lands, Mr: M'Lean solutely decliied tb'spll the.Yeh River d, as promised by the 'previous vernment, and then an apparently e.ess sea of troubles arose over the di tel territory: At last Mr. M'Lean deed to throw the land open for selec. tion the ordinary nwy, and so 'give the Yea fver syvndicate an opportunityof obta ng the coveted reserve. Noad. Vanta was however, to be given them over her selectors." A board will meet on the 6th inst. to dividethielands. and the Go ernment hails with delight an opportu'ty of. laing what has proved to be a troublesome ghost. The " laying" will, however, .depend. upon how the "dividing" of the land will be carried out. 'The Yea Rivei syndidate'are deteremiied to obtain the'whole of the teserve, and have deided not to accept any one por tion of r. In ;the eient of, the eserve beinr spfi up amongi otherselectors, the syndicate will svithdra o iw eir claim, and once more briLn?,Lhe mtter before Parlihmcnt, sFrr t-threre is still a pro baoilfy of this itiolnal"~ sipdiptebecoining unpleasantly pidrine?et, from a Govern. meat point of svi'wduriini' g "Ij, mijig session. 