Federal Mlcotrels. do Saturday evening Mr. Harold Asbton's Federal Minstrels made their first appearance to a Portland audience. That is to say they did so under the title referred to, but who among P'ortlan I ploay. goers has not pleasant remembrances of Keenan and Mloynham, those pIremers among end men and song and dance artists? There was a very fair house considering it was Saturday night, and an a4recable aurptise awaited many in the fact that the ball was well seated, about a hundred chairs, we ounderstand, having beeo purchased for the ha:l. lThe first part opened with the usual circle. and a lively medley overture sent nmatters off with a soing. The first solo was contributed by Mr. Santley, the inater locutor, who sang the "Four Jolly Smiths" In a strident manner befitting the theme and its treatment. Mr. All. Moynbae sang "Emancipation Day," an old favorite, and varied the song with the "cobbler's dance." Mr. Watkins sang "They've all got em," and made the most out of a not very humorous composition, and Miss Edith Vane, who possesses a strong soprano voice of good compass, Fang "'Love's Vision" to an appreciative andience. A novelty was introduced into this part in the shape of a song and dance by Mr. Laurence Lyndon, who proved himself a capital hand at this business, and had to come back. hIMr. S. Keenan brought down the house with his comio song, and Mlr. Lavwler delighted lovers of good singing by his contribution '" Wait till the Tido Comes In." A laughable absurdity, "Papa's Baby Boy," concluded the first part. Messrs. Aloynham and IKeenan opened the second part and kept the audience in a roar wiih their absurd. ties, and were succeeded by an item that of itself lifted the company above the appelation of mediocre. This was Senor Manuel L1pz. a young Spantish student, who conntibuted a oenmline solo. From the time the performer's limber fingers first swept the strige the attention of the audience waes enchained, and so spell. bound were they that when the instru meoot barely whispered every note could be heard with the utmost distinctneiss. Rapturous applauso ensuaed, and the gifted young artisto had to re-appear: indeed few would have complained had he occupied the remainder of the e'ening. Mies Amy Olive sang a sero-comie com. position with indilfferent success, and Clarence Lyndon followel and delighted the audienc with his skipping rope clog d-tce, an excellent performance. Mr. Watkins was no less succrssful in his quasi-pathetic contribution *We 1Breathed upon lim Gently and he D)ied." He had to come back and gave The Ghost of Benjamin inns." MIr. Liwlero sing. ing was again much enjoyed in the ballad, " A Vision," and the evening's amusement was conoloded by a farce distinctly abore the average of its class. Mies Celia Prescott, the clever pianiste, mist not be omitted in this notice. 'lo.nightan entire change of programme is promised and we can safely advise all those of our readers who can manage it to be present, and they will not be disap. pointed. 