IN QUIET WAYS_. I. Br CnAzLEs WooD, F.IiG.S.,-Authod OF " TIROUGH HOLLA ,'" "UHDER NORTHEa. - SaIESrn LE7ERS FRoM MAJoRCA," ErC., ETC. Prior Houghton fell en troubled times. He was destined to be the last of his, Order. Henry VIIL ascended the throne, and in due time waged war against these religious Orders. The Papal power was dis owned, and amongst others, the Char terhouse monks suffered. They were treated without mercy. Some were hanged, some were starved to death in their cells. Houghton was executed at Tybnur on May 5th, 1535. His head was severed from his body, and was raised upon a pole on London Bridge.? So the Priory was. dissolved, and King Henry VIIL taking possession of what did not belong to him, with that fine disregard to the laws of meum and teinm which characterised hinm, bestowed it upon Lord North. Changes were the order of the day. The monastic buildings were pulled down, the cells disappeared. At mid night there was no longer seen the small procession of monks flitting down the corridors to the chapel; no longer heard the dull monotony of Gregorian Chants-; the.subdued voices of monks going through the midnight mass. New buildings arose; old buildings were . enlarged and altered; the Strangers' Court was turned into a dwelling-house.- The Guesten Hall was enlarged. The staircase leading to the halls above was constructed; and both rooms and staircase leading to the halls above was constructed ; and both rooms and staircase still exist; the former-the Governor's Room- with its fine tapestry, imposing mantel piece, and plaster ceilings. All these exist much as-they were, together with the chimney-pieces in, the old Gown Boy's Hall and the [Master's Lodge. The latter is very quaint and beautiful; in a centre panel is seen the portrait of Sutton; and other interesting portraits hang upon its walls. Here Lord North lived a secular life, and the old monastic lacecincts rang with revelry, where once nothing but the severest' decorum existed. The very stones must have blushed occasionally at such unfamiliar sounds. Here he entertained his royal patron, Henry VIIL; and here, too, Elizabeth visited him when her turn came to reign and rule.. But there had been great slaughter, many martyrs in Smithfield, between the reigns of the bluff old King and the Virgin Queen. Elizabeth, however, was a staunch Protestant, and upheld the Faith: and it might fairly be hoped that hence forth it was established on a sure basis. There is a portion at the end of the Cloister in the Charterhouse still calledQueen Elizabeth's Walk. James I. stayed here when he first came to England from Scotland. Time rolled on, and fromn Lord North the Charterhouse passed to the Duke of Norfolk: until in 1611 Thomas Sutton bought the premises and founded his famous Charity. This was a school for "poor boys,,' and a refuge for "poor brethren." With the buildings, as he found them, he interfered very little and made few changes. He added a north aisle to the chapel, which, with its arcade, its semi-circular arches and Doric capitals, is a very interesting example of the I architecture of the period. He built the schoolhouse for the poor children; and this same schoolhouse was handed down to -prosterity, and was used when the Institution had changed its 'character, and was fretqiented more by the children of the rich than of the poor. In 1872, when: Oharterhouse School was removed to Godahming, the school buildings were pulled down:with unsparing hand to make sway. for new buildings for Merchant Taylor's School by whom the site had been purchased for £90,000. Thus some of the most ancient traditions of old Charterhouse School disappeared for ever from the face of the earth: and we can imagine the regret of many an old Carthusian as he visits the-scenes of his boyhood, and, seeking his old haunts, finds them out. Ascending the broad staircase lead ing- to the governor's room, and passing through a door which I-ids you on to the reof of the present!; cloisters, you have a full view of the side of the school buildings, of the fine play-green with its racket and tennis'2 courts. On the opposite: wall yaout notice the word " OCaows " -painted in large white letters, and this, the custodian will tell you, was traced by the hand of the late Lord Ellenborough, when he was a Carthusian. The dwellings of the "Poor Brothers " remain. Those aredecayed gentlemen, for whom the world, or fate or fortune, must have proved too much, slic?" &ae;?-a?upiedi .iteFr position in life than they have now attained to. Yet, if they cultivate that " con tented mind which is a continual feast," their autumn of life may still have much to recommend it, containing, much peace and happiness. Anythiingi more quiet, indeed, than this retreat in the very heart of London cannot be imagined. Henceforth nothing need disturb them. They know exactly what to expect, what is before them. 'The calmness of old age may enfold themn as they put on the maintle of the Order-or " gowns," as I believe it is called. Each brother must be at least sixty years of age. Each has two rooms given to him ; receives light and fuel; roll and milk in the morning; an excellent dinner at three o'clock, daily; aundan income of £36 a year. There are few restrictions. They may go out into the world and visit their friends, and remain away for weeks and months at a time: and treturn when .they please to their quiet plrecincts. You may attend the chapel on" a Sunday morning and see them asseniblh in the centre pews set alpart 'for their use. Each pensioner has his own seat, and keepl it jealously. . The chapel itself is interesting. The corm munion table is inthe south-eist corner and above it is a beautiful stained window repreinting the Crucifiion, given by the masters and boys of Charterhouse School in 1844. The aedr tIe deaend the Preacher will probably perform .the SService -between them, and :yon, a stranger, will possibly occupy a seat immediately below them,- but,i'- ittle to their left. -Of the singingn and playing, great, things cannot be re corded ; but the whole servioeis char acterised by a simplicity that is refreshing, and very oppropriate to itt principal congregation; - -the grey headed gentleman who have renounced the pomps and vanities of the world, and withdraw from it almost as com pletely as those monks that flourished there six centuries ago. In front of you, on the other side of the chapel, curtains are drawn before the arches. There is a sad look about them ; for once upon a time those curtains were undrawn, abd' the benches beyond them were filled with the happy faces of old Charterlhouse boys; amongst whom at diferent epochs might be numbered': COEihiw the poet; Isaac Barrow the diviide, celebrated for being the most fighting boy in the school; Blackstone, . Addison, Steele ; John- Wesleywho attributed his long life to obeying:-his father's wish that he should run -rund the Chartbrhouse playing-green-thri?e times every morning before-breakfast Lord: Ellenborougi?h Lod Live'p61 and Bishop Monk; Tlhackeray, Eastlake, John Leach, Bishop Thirlwall, and Georgs Grote: -A goodly 'array of names, conferri?g distinction" upon the old sachool But the, curtains are now .drawn in the chapel; and -the seats behind ale empty and silent : excepting that you people them with ghosts-the shades of the great armyof the departed_ .. , As you leave the chapel, in the outer vestibule you see tablets to the memory of Thackeray, John Leech, and others; and your mind wanders insensiblyb to the singular figure that petined. Vanity Fair, Pendennis, and Coloiel N eircome you are' in danger of alling into a dream and losing yourself in a last world; - and this old Chaiierhouse is the very spot for indulging in a reverie. In .the? uhapiEl_: `-l ea?.~e-ieln Sutton'lies Lord El?enborough. The Brethren themselves -may. fall. into many a reverie, and'few will dis turb them. It is seldom that anyone from the outer world strolls iii upon their seclusion. They may-sit upon the benches beneath the windows,-and muse upon the past, which-in many instances must have held a good-deal that is sad. Here and there upon the walls you will observe a trained fig tree, so that they may almost literally sit under its shadow. They may pace the court and quadrangles., or' passing through the inner court, like Harvey, meditate amongst the' tombs. For against the further si s- :re: tabletis erected to the memory-of-those who lie beneath : and one admires in some, cases -the old-fashioned- dignity and' stateliness of expression of a past .age, whilst- in others, the - inevitable' "rhyme "--- so often the case on tomb stones-has rather the effect of raising a smile than of. drawing a tear. Ido not know whether the Brethren are given to calling very much upon each other; whether they -go -ii for afternoon tea and polite attentions and reciprocal favours. The Community consisted of eighty Brethren, but "'hard times" and depreciated land have brought them down to aboutfifty; but it is probable that amongst so many there is a mixture of tenipera ments. Some will like solitude and seclusion, and perhaps seldom come forth from their shells. .Quiet ltten tions would ,the lost upon them; and they only ask _to lbe left to peace and repose. Others. more genially iiclined, meet often, and take interest in all that is going on in the world of which they have ceased to be active members. But there are- two occasions '-o which they meet together. One is daily at the hour of three, in the dinng-.. roonm. It is a noble room panelled with old oak, with galleries, from which the panels are withdrawn on state occasions-such as Founder's Day--when music accompanies the repast. Here, too, they occasionally . have etertainments, and sometimes one or twoof the Brothers -contribute to the evening's amusement. A fine. polrtrait of Thomas: Sutton :odoks gravely and approvingly ddown upon all: as- if he would bid them be happy and contented, and contrast their lot, not with the more prosperous: days that once were theirs, -but. with:-thh fate of those on whom the s-orld :h~s not smiled, yet who, having foiil." no harbour of refuge for their life'i autumn, are still left to buffet with its turbulent waves. The other isa weekly o'ccasion.lheri they assemble in the little chapel Here they must feel a -double refuge from the world. It is all they hasi to look forward to-the future li fe;all indeed that everyone has to look for ward to rich or , owhen theantunamn of life has set in, and the grasshopper is beginning to be a burde -To th , - life has been more or less- a failudii; riches have not increased, their. barns Shave not remained full and flourishing; and as the preacher before his- serman. prays thait "' they mayso pass through things temporal that they finiallt-lose not the things eternal," the inust feel' that here and here onlyis their tbtter part. As they separate. after the Blessing, and file out in their gowns, and return to their quite rooms, it may be that, in- spite of crdtchets and. quavers, the deceitfulnessofthe'human heart and the infirmities of th. flesh, the Peace- which passeth all under standing has fallen upon each.. If ad, blessed are they, and richer than thu monarch upon his throne whos·h e pirit perhaps goes forth on its quest, and returns to him like the dove to the ark, restless'and unhappy, because as yet it has found it not. Sb we leave them,-a- Sabbathi?tilk- ' ness over aill; a-soiuhd of far-off.limils"' ringing oit upoi th: air. calling other worshippers to other service ;htiove them the blue, serca sky, which by and-by fades into night; aid they. look ui, and Ipondlcr o-ver the unfiAerie. of that' world to which all are-hasten: ing ; and receive the benediction of the stars. (Concludedi-) ' advice, or else we shall be poor pleadaesfr the right. 