Turf Talk. - Speculation on the leading events of the spring - races on both rides' of the Murray is almost a dead' letter.. For the V. E. C. Derby a line of 300 to 100 was booked about Stromboli, and there have been - some inquiries for Oxide without leading to business. \- The leading feature in the local betting market last . Monday was a movement in favour of Bungebah for the A. J. C. Epsom Handicap, for which the speedy.. son of Grandmaster was backed at prices Tanging from 100 to 6 to 100 to 10. and the latter was the best offer at the finish. Consequent on the aforesaid de monstration Bungebah eased in the quotations for the V. A. T. C. Cauifield Cup, and receded from 100 to 12 to 100 to- 10, vtiie latter price being freely offered. There were no - transactions recorded on the other events of the Spring campaign, and consequently no change on previous quotations. . . . , ? : The general entry for the Spring Meeting of the - Australian Jockey Club closed on Monday with a total : of 727 entrants for the 19 events that-required atten- ?' tion, and- the result must be most - satisfactory to the ? committee, as it shows an appreciable advanceon the support accorded to the spring meetings of former years. Last year the lists closed wim a total of 713, or 14 less than were teceived 4ost Monday. The events ttiat exhibit an increase, when compared with those of last year, are the Hurdle Bace, Trial Stakes, Spring Stakes, Spring Maiden Stakes, Second Hurdle Bace, Craven Plate, Suburban- Handicap., Wycombe Stakes, Steeplechase, and Bandwick Plate ; while & decrease is apparent in the nominations for the . Kensington Handicap, Grand Stand Plate, Squatters' Handicap, Sydney Handicap, Selling Plate, Members' Handicap, Waverley Handicap, and Filial Handicap. Both in numbers and quality a decided improvement is shown in the entrants for .the principal events-and ? weight- for-ageraces. In addition to the local jumping talent, which is well represented, Busaoo {-winner 01 ' the V. A. T. C. Grand National Steeplechase), Tabba ' (winner of the G. N. Hurdle Babe at the came meet- * ing), Jupiter, Chemist, ? Schoolboy, Studley, Grand- ? wing, Quilpj Montiose XL, '. Beggar -: Boy, Elite, . Australasia, Intrigue^ and other performers of more - or less note.came from the other, colonies ; while the ? ? weight - for - age contingent include tb.9; : great Carbine and - : his stable mates Me gaphone, Werong, and Aster, Marvel, High- - born, Sir William, Correze, Bungebah, Melos, StromboU, Little Bernie, Bengal, Theodore, Oxide, Albemarle, Gatling ? the Queenslanders, King Olaf . and Buttons ; and the New Zealandere, Tirailleur, TiraiUerie, Medallion, Silver Enight, Lebel, ana ' Sternchaser. The several events filled as under : — Hurdle Race, 35 ; Trial Stakes, 37; Spring Stakes, 24 ; Kensington Handicap, 48 ; Shorts, 52 ; Grand Stand Plate, 33 ; Spring Maiden Stakes, 25 ; Squat-* tens' Handicap, 45 ; Second Hurdle Bace, 35 ; Craven Plate, 27; Suburban Handicap, 74; Wycombe Stakes, 35 ; Sydney Handicap, 40 ; Selling Plate, 36; Members' Handicap, 36; Steeplechase, 29; Waverley Handicap, 38 ; Bandwick Plate, 28 ; and Final Handicap, SO. As usual Mr. Scarr had the adjustments for the handicaps to be decided at the MooreueldvAugost reunion out in good time last Monday. The first event on the card— the Tramway Handicap— has Victor Hugo at the top of the tree, and when his many good deeds over short distances are considered, he cannot be said to have been badly used when asked to carry 9st 71b. His stable mate, Ke, has also been fairly treated, while Broker, Oddfellow, and Grandola have not been overburdened. Souvenir tops the long list of those in the Welter Handicap, and on figures the most likely to work their way to the front seem to be Damask, Rainbow, and Castaway. Danton, Bonnie Lad, Merriwa, and Lunelle would appear to be about the best off in the Kbgarab Stakes, while Test lias also been eft with a fair chance. When allotted 8st 101b in the Mo.orefield Handicap Little Bernie has not been imposed, upon, and with the comfortable impost- of 7st 71b Bustler has been thrown in, for he won hr something like a canter on Saturday last at Canterbury Park. Sweetbit has also been reasonably treated, and Avenger should be well suited/with 7st 51b,.so that although the field will not be a large one, the- race is almost certain to be closely contested. The Stewards' Mile will be likely to bring about au interesting race, and on public form Damask, Dochra, Moraine, Mayday, and Glen garry may have slightly the best of the figures. The opportunity of withdrawing their horses on declaration of first forfeits for the A. J. C. Epsom Handicap and The Metropolitan was freely taken ad vantage of on Monday by ownersand trainers, and the lists of those that remain in are set forth in another part of this issue. The malcontents for the Epsom Handicap number 44, and include Highborn, Splen dora, Paris, Ernest, Scots Grey, Little Bernie, Forbes, Helene, Yunko, Silence, Biriganbil, Sydney, Escort, The Swell, and Denman. Prominent among the withdrawals from the Metropolitan are Medallion, King Olaf, Gnaroo, Fernando, Dundas, Killaloe, Forbes, Hop Bitters, Helene, Yunko, Easy John, and Eveline ; while 38 out of the original 56 entrants still remain in. Mr. H. Barnes's brown horse Myles, who met with an accident while returning to bis o^uarters after the second day's racing in connection with the Richmond Itiver Turf Club Meeting, has since succumbed to his injuries. ' The V. A. T. C. programme, which appears in another column, will be fully notified in our next issue. . The Two-year-old Stakes instituted by the Corowa Bating Club has received excellent support, the sub scription list having closed with 55 nominations. Among the sires represented are Garfield, Middle march, Sunrise, Horatio, All Gold, The Gondolier, Wellesley, Oudies, Scylla, Hastings, Bosworth, Hobart, Glcnmarkie, Boolka, Musk Rose, Rapidity, and Abuse. The recently-formed Mawarra Bacing Club are making due preparation for their inaugural meeting on the Wollongong course, and have appointed the following stewards : — Messrs. H. A. Pringle, A. Graham, D. Griffin, J. Richards, F. O'Donnell, W. Ahearn, M. Tynan, P. Doyle, J. Kirby, E. Hulbert, and T.F. Armstrong. The annual meeting of the members of the Vic torian Club was held at the rooms, Bourke- street, Melbourne, on Tuesday evening, when a satisfactory report was submitted and adopted. Notwithstanding that a considerable Bum had. been spent in the im provement of the rooms during the period under review, there was still a credit balance of £2000. Messrs. S. Lyons and A. A. Samuels were elected to the vacancies on the committee, and Messrs. W. Pearson and G. O. Ross Fenner were re-elected auditors. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that Dreadnought has been scratched for the Caulueld and Melbourne Cups, and Merrie England for the latter event. Registration has been granted to the South. Broken Hill race meeting by the A. J. C. authorities. After coming to grief in the Hunters' Steeplecliase at the Wyndhani race meeting on the 8th instant, the cross-country horse Silvertail jumped the boundary fence, and eluded capture owing to the dense fog. Though an active search was instituted he was not discovered until the following Wednesday. Some time ago a project was started at Wollongong for the formation of a racing com pany to take the place of the old turf club. The result has eo far been very satis factory to the promoters. The proposed capital was £2000, in as many shares. The whole of the shares have been taken up and allotted locally. The direc tors and other necessary officials have been appointed, and no time has been lost before commencing active operations. A twp days' meeting .for September 9 and 10 is advertised, aud.already horses are being located in view of the meeting. From present expec tations the first meeting under the new management bids fair to be very successful. The racehorse Mark ? Twain sustained an injury to his leg whilst galloping at the Flcmington burning ground on Wednesday morniug. Liberal support was accorded to TattersalFs Club August Meeting last Monday, when the five events on ~ the card closed with 142 nominations, of which the Hurdle Race attracted 28 ; Tramway Handicap, 44 ; Selling Eaoe, 13; Two-year- Old Stakes, 21; and Spring Handicap, 36. The candidates include a number of good performers, and the meeting promises to be most successful. As will have been seen by advertisement the general entry for the forthcoming Hawkesbury meeting on the 24th and 26th of next month will close with the secre tary, Mr. C. S. Guest, at or before 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 25th, when entries will be received for the following items :— Hurdle Race, a handicap of 120 bovs., second horse to receive 20 sovs. from the prize, 2\. miles ; Public Auction Stakes of 100 sovs., for all hones, w.f.a.t second horse to receive 10 sovs. from the prize, winner to be sold for 100 sovs., selling allowances, 6 furlongs ; and September Handicap ot 100 8OV8., second horse to receive 20 sovb. and the third 10 bovs. from the prize, for all horses that have never won an advertised prize of 45 sovb. at the time of running, 7 furlongs. Second Day : Second Hurdle Race, a handicap of 120 sovs., second horse to receive 20 sovs. from the prize, 2\ miles ; Members' Handicap of 100 80V8., second horse to receive 10 sovs. from the prize, 7 furlongs ; Disposal Stakes of 100 sovs., for all horses, w.f.a., second horse to receive 10 sov3. from the prize, winner to be sold for 100 sovs., selling allowance, 7 furlongs ; and Ladies' Bracelet, bracelets value 50 sovb. for the winner, 30 sovs. for the second, and 20 sove. for the third horse for cheques, if pre ferred), for three-year- offls and upwards, lowest ?weight 7st 71b, once round the course. One sovereign, will secure a nomination for each event, and entries wili also be received by the secretaries of the A. jr. C. and V. R. C. at the same hour. , On Friday, the 21st, the day of our publication, the ?weights will be declared for the Murrumbidgee handi caps, and the forfeits will fall due on the 28th, when the general eutry will close. , ..? - 'The hounds are to meet at Homebush at 3 p.m. . to-day (Saturday), the 22nd, when a good run is likely to take place. Those interested should not forget that the second payment for the V. A. T. C. Caulfield Cup will fall due at 4 p.m. on Friday, the 28th instant. There are over 30 horses in training at Wagga for the forthcoming spring meeting of the Mumimbidgce Turf Club. The number will be considerably in creased in a few days by further arrivals. Piety, Stelladean, Eurolio, and Ariadne, in charge of Beck, reached here . on Saturday morning. Tapanui and J. 5, in the care oX Sullivan, arrived on Tuesday evening. , The Rosehill management have reason to be satis fied with the liberal response made by owners and trainers, with regard to entries for the prin cipal handicaps of the November Meeting. The JwEebill Stakes, is responsible for no less than 55 entrants, while 65 were nominated for the Birthday Handicap. A glance over the lists pub lished elsewhere shows that the quality of the can didates for both races is up to the average. The lion's share of the prize-money at Canterbury Park on Saturday fell to Mr. J. Brown (ns), who secured £100 by the success of Bustler in the Canter bury Handicap ; Mr. J. Chaafe (ns) received £75, earned by Carrington in the Selling Rice ; Messrs. T. Mutton (ns), J. Abrahams, and H. Giltinan (ns) each benefited to the extent of £60 by the victories of Tramp, Sorvenir, and Chatham in the Hurdle Race, Flying Handicap, and Steward's Mile respectively ; and Mr. R. J. Boulais got £50 for May Day's achieve ment in the Park Stakes — making a total of £405. After securing the Selling Race at Canterbury on Saturday Carrington was brought under the lianuner, and was knocked down at 110 guineas to Mr. Z. Goodman, a sportsman hailing from South Africa. The son of Arcus was entered to be sold for £25, so that the club benefitted to the extent of £80 10s by the transaction. The Hobartville-bred filly, Gaillardia. by Trenton from Paresseuse, who was purchased by the Hon. D. S. Wallace at the Sydney autumn sales for 250 guineas, and who opened her two-year-old career at Geelong by running second to Facta in the First Two-year-old Stakes, turned the tables on the daughter of Oudeis and Mary Gladstane, on Saturday last, in the V. A. T. C. Sapling Stakes, and helped to recoup her owner for his outlay. The nominations for the Wagga Gold Cup, Town Plate, and Hurdle Race, run at the annual spring meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club on August 21 and September 1, are the largest received for these events for some years. The racecourse is in good order. Among the horses training at Wagga now are Bronzewing, Roebuck, Associate, Omeo, Oudeis, Latima filly, Esmond, Osric, Elton, Oliver Twist, Smon, Myrtle, Moss Rose, Transit, Emerald colt, Rushlight, The Dude, May Day, The Joker, Fairy King, Sundown, Guinea, Wanda filly, Tumberumba, Ariadne. The following are shortly expected to arrive :— Tapanui, J 5, Piety, Stella Dean, Sandal, Eurobie, Frantic, Strike a Light, Ghost, Salome. The annual spring meeting of the Junce Racing Club has been postponed to September 30. The Wallsend Jockey Club meeting is to take place on Saturday. (to-day), the late dry weather having restored the course to its usual good condition. Melauite was withdrawn from the A. J. C. Epsom Handicap on Tuesday last. Mr. Gco; Kiss held a sale of stud horse stock at his bazaar, Pitt-street, on Tuesday, when the following changedhands : — Thoroughbreds : Ch h The Card, by Master Tell, by William Tell (imp.) from Matchless, Mr. E. Robinson, 55 guineas ; b h Young Garnet, by Sir Garnet from Countess, Mr. Cox, 41 guineas ; coaching stallion by Lord John (imp.), Mr. Cox, 28 guineas; trotting stallion, Mr. Samuels; blk jn (pony) Midget, Mr. Skinner, 11£ guineas; and bay pony stallion Liverpool Lad, Mr. Emanuel, 12J guineas. Several well-bred roadster, trotting, draught, and pony stallions are for private sale at the bazaar. The bay gelding Crusoe, winner of the V. R. C. Grand National Hurdle Race at Flemington, fell while being schooled over the steeplechase fences at Moonee Valley on the 13tii instant, and was injured so badly that he had to be destroyed. Crusoe was engaged in the V. A. T. C. Graud National Steeple chase, in which his prospects were supposed to be very good. ? Our local correspondent writes : — A meeting is con vened for next week to start a Pony Racing Associa tion in Grafton. It is suggested that race3 be held three times a year or quarterly. The association will most likely be formed, and the inaugural meet will almost certainly be a fixture for Prince of Wales's Birthday. Mr. W. A. B. Greaves, of Newbold, has disposed of his pony stallion The Mahdi to Mr. James Walker, of Soutbt Grafton. Our Gosford correspondent writes that a public meeting was held on Saturday last at the residence of Mr. Dunlop, Kincumber, at which it was decided to hold a race meeting on October 10th next. A strong committee was elected as under : — Starter, Mr. W. Coulter ; treasurer, Mr. T. Deasey ; secretary, Mr. M. Ward ; committee, Messrs. W. Frost, J. Setrce, W. Picket, J. Jackson, F. Humphreys, P. Burns, and H. Campbell. A private match (says our Lismore correspondent) was run on the Lismore racecourse last Saturday between Mr. T. Armstrong's b g Champagne and Mr. J. Wightniau's br g Hazeldean, the former carrying Ost 71b, and the latter 9st, the stakes being £20 a side and a side wager of £10. Champagne, who was ridden, by J. Patterson, took the running, and, leading throughout, won by a couple of lengths. The weather was very chilly at Bandwick last Tues day morning, and a cold nor'-wester rendered over coats necessary. Pippin and First Light went average work, and so did old Strephon, while Rialto showed more pace than Bradley over a fairly good mile. The Queensland pair, Yowi and Euroka, each went once round, and so did Sandhurst and Merrigal. Maud and Bella were schooled over the hurdles; but Cobar was content with a gallop on the llat. Fairly good work was done by 1 he Mason, and Thelma went particularly well with Escort and Eileen over six furlongs. The Humpy Logan rattled over seven furlongs fairly well ; and, after Yolncy had gone a strong once round, The Swell finished up with him over the last three-quarters of a mile. King Olaf and Sir Anthony each did satisfactory tasks. Rover went a strong once round, and Welcome and Reginald covered six furlongs very nicely, while Letty Lind was seut twice round at a strong pace. Jack cantered once round and was then almost fully extended for another turn. Corvette got home before Piecrust and Empire at the end of a strongly run mile ; while Stromboli finished before Albeinarlc and Bengal over once round, and the two-year-olds under Payteu's care cantered and spurted. Dantou and Carrington spurted f mile, and Victor Hugo failed to give Arrogant a long start over the same distance. . After indulging in a canter. Souvenir and Grand Duchess brushed home for half a mile. Lamond went strong work, and Chorus ran a fast six furlongs. A good mile and a half was cast behind by Little Beruie and Warrego; and Marvel went au excellent mile and three furlongs alone. E. K. showed more pace than Straun in a once around gallop, and, after cantering, Papua was sent once round at a good working pace, while Cremorne performed the ? same class of work. A good 'gallop was registered by Medallion, accompanied by La Belle. Melos went once round in great form, Falliser and Silver Night covered six furlongs smartly, and Gat ling put a good mile to his credit. Komifech did as he _ chose with Sovereign, Ditisk and Moraine went once round fairly well, and Kilmore cast a 'ihile behind ; creditably. Wflga appeared to hold Mitre over once : round, aud..Bungebah sailed along for. a mile in ? his- best style. Sunshine beat The Markee over a mile, and Sir Anthony performed a good strong gallop alone. The Gift went very well for a mile with Forty Winks as a companion ; The Bonce had all the better of Roundabout in a fairly-run once round, and Chatham, Oxide, and Plover were treated to a mile and three furlongs , and the firstnamed got home in front. Kir William and Easy John were mated for a serviceable working gallop. Blyihwood and Kelvin did good work, and eo did Scots' Grey and Ethelbert ; while among -others that exercised were Starch, Charlie, Carloviteh, Re, Alcides, Rose of Stella, Demnan, Bengal, Emih Pasha, Faux Pas, Transparent, Grandoha,- Oddfellow, Correze, Melba, Aaron, Theodore, Avenger, Brunswick, Singleton, Patrol, Michigan, Wonderful, and Laurel II. A protest has been referred to Mr, Clibborn, of the Australian Jockey Club, against the election of the committee of .the Shoathaven Tnrf Club, on the ground that the ballot papers were initialled instead of being signed, as required by law. Messrs. William Inglis and Son report the sale of the thoroughbred stallion Moonshee, by Gemma di Vergy from Maria, to Messrs. Webb and Kay, Spring Hill, for 250 guineas ; and the b h Sovereign, by Guinea from a mare by Reprieve, to Mr. M. Felat for 60 guineas. The trotting stallion Black Prince was purchased by Mr. H. B. Smith for 130 guineas, and Mr. R. F. Siggs gave 120 guineas for a bay colt by Vermont Junior. Mr. Kenna secured a roadster £ tall ion by Cock Robin for 50 guineas, and Mr. Keenan bought the draught stallion Young Scotch man for 70 guineas. Sir Modred's progeny continue to uphold the credit of their handsome sire on the American race tracks. At the Sheepshead Bay June Meeting, Masterlode, a four-year-old son of the Australian sire and Bessie Peyton, won the following events : — Han- dicap, 1| mfle^ with 8st 41b up, in 2 minutes 37.2-5 seconds ; Handicap, 1£- mile, with 8st lllb up, in 3 minutes 3 1-5 seconds ; handicap, 1 mile 3 fur longs, with 9st 21b up, in 2 minutes 25 3-5 seconds ; handicap, 1J mile, with 9st 21b up, in 2 minutes 39 1-5 seconds ; and handicap, 2 miles, with 9st lib up, in 3 minutes 36 seconds, and on each occasion in good company. At the same meeting Sir John, by Sir Modred from Manan, carried 8st 'lb to victory over a mile and a quarter ; and at Jerome Park, Dr. Wilcox, a two-year-old, by Sir Modred from Rosa, won a six-furlongs race with 8st 61b in the saddle, having covered the distance in 1 minute 19 seconds. ? 