FLIGHTS AND DAKTS. TBt Aeeow.1 The Rev. P. W. Samwell, of Mitcham, is a church parson of the new and welcome school. If you Kapundaites should ever have the opportunity of hearing him, don't omit to embrace it. I often dart into a place of worship on Sundays, and am not particular as to sect or locality as long as I am likely to hear something of an elevating description. It matters not to me what people may term themselves. If after listening to a discourse I leave the edifice with a lighter step than I entered it and feel that I liave listened to truths that are rarely expressed though sadly required, I give the parson full credit, no matter whom he may be. Such was the case the other Sunday evening. Thepreacher Ihavealready named. The text was," Cast thy bread on the waters," &c.; Many persons would have termed the sermon a lecture on every day matters. The preacher commenced his address by denouncing the careless way in which parents place, or rather misplace, their sons in the beginning of their career, by their choice of a trade 01 calling which in many cases is totally unsuitable for them. He then proceeded—" as a young man speaking principally to young men " —to show the value of bodily recreation when combined with mental exercise. Speaking of "respectable" callings, and referring to the modern craze of parents to give their sons a clerkship or profession, lie spoke to the effect—" Religion was not intended to bo heaped in one corner, or for the aristocracy alone. From the day that its founder first labored with his hands as a carpenter upon earth, the example was set that however humble the trade or call ing it was worthy and entitled to a full share." The whole sermon was one for the times, and bristled with social details appertaining to daily existence. Towards the close of his discourse, the preacher said that no doubt, many would be surprised at his remarks, and would wonderingly ask " What has all this to do with religion." To this he replied, " Everything! for the matters on which he had been speaking were of a religious nature." It was useless for people to imagine that religion was for the Sunday alone, and the singing of hymns, reading of prayers, and attendance at church were of no avail unless all sprung from the religion imbued from the daily life and surroundings. Sniggers, who had been sitting next to me during the service —by-the-by he follows me about like a ghost—was quite taken with the whole discourse. We had only just left the church door when he nudged me and said, "I thought we should hear something practical. That's the parson what was writing to the newspapers a short time ago in favor of the drama; he's a regular straight out 'un, he is, and I think he ought to be a bishop when he grows older." In the course of a late nocturnal flight I darted into the Gawler Institute. It was on the occasion of the annual yearly meeting of subscribers. From the commotion visible at such a laio hour it was apparent some thing above the ordinary and quiet usual proceedings had transpired. Tiie election of six committeemen had first ensued, and the president " was in a fix." It appeal's there were t wo gentlemen bearing the same surname, one of whom was among the elected. But as some of the subscribers had voted under the supposition that the candidate was the " other man," the ques tion arose whether the election should not be quashed. It was a matter not only affccting the "two Dromios," but those who were defeated by a vote or two. After the president had been tantalised to an exciting degree, and as several subscribers had left the assembly, it was wisely and fairly decided that the meeting should adjourn for a week, when a fresh election will take plaee. I see by your columns that Mr. Joseph Provis, Lite of Gawler, is already proving his usefulness in trying to work up the old Xapunda Mine. That he may be successful is the earnest wish of all good-wishers for the welfare of your district. I meant to have referred to Mr. Provis's removal from Crawler, but missed the chance till now. As I have had exceptional opportunities of judging of Jlr. Provis's worth, especially to his late pupils, I cannot refrain from now giving expression to that fact. There is not the slightest doubt of his ability as teacher in any branch of mechanical work, and his mode of teaching was most favor ably acknowledged by his late pupils as a decidedly progressive one—a fact his present pupils will, no doubt, readily endorse. May Mr. P.'s practical correspondence be the means of unearthing the requisite pluck and energy to convert Kapunda, as of yore, into a thriving, busy mining centre. The whole colony will naturally be benefited by the revival. 