ANGLO-COLONIAL GOSSIP. [From our own Correspondent.! London. June 20. I Commander Walcob is now staying in Germany, where he is taking the waters. MesBrs. Bonnin and Simms have been stay ing at the Hotel Metropole, Brighton. Mr. Sanderson starts for his trip to Norway by the Garonne, leaving on July L Sir Arthur Blyth is, I am glad to hear, in better health, though hiB doctor will not allow bim yet to leave London. Chief Justice Way, with many other South Australians, was present at the conversazione of the Royal Colonial Institute held in the Natural History Museum, South Kensington. Mr. Berens is thinking of settling down in a London suburb and devoting himself to his projected book on the science of political economy. Some of his old friends gave Mr. Henry Taylor a welcome the other night at Ander ton'e Hotel. Letters regretting absenoe were read from Mr. Jesse Codings and Mr. Schnard horst, and expressing the hope that Mr. Taylor would yet live to do good work in the Radical cause. Mr. Schnaidhorst has made overtures to Mr. Taylor to remain in England and take up similar work which he did so well in connection with the Agricultural Labourers' Union, but Mr. Taylor does not see his way at present to accept the offer. Mr. Taylor is giving a lecture about the country entitled "South Australia and the Ely in the Oint ment"—a reference to the land question in South Australia. The recent discussions among the Wesleyans on the questions of inspiration and Sabbath keeping have evidently alarmed Mr. Spurgeon. In conjunction with a number of ministers he has issued a manifesto declaring for out-and out Calvinism. It is in the following terms:— "We the undersigned, banded together in fraternal union, observing with growing pain and sorrow the loosening hold of many upcn the truths of revelation, are constrained to avow our firmest belief in the verbal inspiration of all Holy Scripture as originally given. To us the Bible does not merely contain the Word of God, but ts the Word of God. From begin ning to end we accept it, believe it. and con tinue to preach it. To us the Old Testament is no less inspired than the New. Thebookis an organic whole. Reverence for the New Testa ment accompanied by scepticism as to the Old appears to us absurd. The two must stand or fall together. We accept Christ's own verdict concerning ' Moses and all the prophets' in pre ference to any of the supposed discoveries of Bo-called higher criticism. We hold and maintain the truths generally known as 'the doctrines of grace.' The electing love of God the Father, the propitiatory and substitutionary sacrifice of His Son Jesus Christ, regeneration by the Holy Ghost, the imputation of Christ's righteousness, the justi fication of the sinner (once for all) by faith, his walk in newness of life and growth in grace by the active indwelling of the Holy Ghost, and the priestly intercession of our Lord Jesus, as alBO the hopeless perdition of all who reject the Saviour, according to the words of the Lord in Matt. xxv. 4G ' These shall go away into eternal punishment,' are, in our judg ment, revealed and fundamental traths. Our hope iB the personal pre-millennial return of the Lord Jesus m glory. The signatories inelude —C. H. Spurgeon, A. G. Brown, J. Douglas, M.A., W. Fuller Goocb, G. D. Hooper, J. Stephens, M.A., Frank H. White, J. H. Barnard, J. Wesley Boud. W. H. Broad. J. A. Brown, M.D., J. B. Cox, E. J. Farley, A. Fergusson, Finlay Gibson, Charles Graham, J. W. Harrald, W. Jackson, W. R. Lane, H. O. Mackey, F. B. Monti, J. S. Morris, H. Sinclair Paterson, M.D., Frank M. Smith, Charles Spurgeon, J. L. Stanley, H. E. Stone, W. Thomas, George Turner, and W. Williams. Mr. B. C. Molloy, MP., who was recently in Australia, has lately been travelling in Mashonaland. Ho says that Mashonaiana is a fever countiy. For instance, he says that for over three solid months Fort Salisbury and the surrounding country has been an island formed by swollen rivers, the result of the incessant rains—rivers so deep, rapid, and dangerous that no supplies could reach the Email occupying force of military and pros pectors, with whom there was practically no postal communication. Had the Matabele impis, he continued, seized this moment to strike the invader, Mr. Rhodes and the Duke of Fife might have adopted as a Com pany's motto, "Love's Labour Lost." At areeentmeetingof the Hampstead Board of Guardians the death was reported, from heart disease of Montagu Ambrose, tem porarily an inmate of the workhouse, and said to he an Australian landowner. At the pre- ■ vious meeting of the Board thu now deceased had personally thanked the (J uardians for the kind treatment he bad received in the infirmary of the workhouse, and stated that he was a landowner in Australia, ninety miles above Adelaide, where his wife still was. He had, he said, come to England some time ago, but had no friends here, andhad run out of money, meanwhile being taken ill. He had written home for funds toenable him to take his passage back to Australia, and the Guardians had allowed him to remain in the workhouse pend ing the arrival of the necessary money. The Master of the Hampstead Workhouse says that Mr. Ambrose was admitted to the Workhouse Infirmary in April last from a common lodging- j house in Hampstead very ill, and he did not give the address of any relatives or friends. The following letters were found upon him:— i " South Australian Office, July 15,1890. Mr. M. Ambrose, 35, Droop-street, Queen's Park, ■Harrow-road. Sir—In reply to your letter of the 14th inst. I am directed to inform you that the Agent-General has not received any in structions from the South Australian Govern ment with regard to the payment of your passage back to Australia, and he regrets that it is not in his power to assist you, or to suggest what course you should adopt in order to get back.—I am, &c.;, Saul. Deeking, Assistant Agent-General." "South Austra lian Office, November29,1890. To Mr. Montagu Ambrose, Chelsea Workhouse. Dear Sir—I j am di rected to acknowledge the receipt of your ] letter of the 27tb inst., and to inform you that the Agent-General lias not received any communication from the Government of South Australia respecting the payment of your pas sage back to Adelaide.—Faithfully yours. Sahl. Deebixg, Assistant Agent-General." The following letter was also read:—" 134, Kiiburn-lane, Kensal Green W., June 8, 1891\. Sir—Dear friend, I thank you for letting me know of the death of Montagu Ambrose. I saw him last, when he called here, some six weeks or more ago, to ask for a little help, which I had occasionally given, and he promised to let me know when he had settled again. I trust he was ready for the sudden call, as I also pray we, too, may be rendy. I am not in a position to bury him. —Yours truly, H. Bromley." 