THE CAREER OF JOHN WESLEY.—V. THE MORAVIANS — FETTER LANE — THE FOUNDRY. It was a turning point in John Wesley's experiences that May night of 1738, when heavy in heart, he entered the society meeting in Aldersgate-street, London, and heard read Luther's preface to the epistle to the Romans. Peter Bnhler had laboured hard for many days to overcome Wesley's habit of reasoning on the doctrines of Scripture. sometimes exclaiming—' My brother! my brother; that philosophy of yours must be purged away.' Wesley thought that being without faith he ought to leave off preaching. But Bohler replied ' By no means. Preach faith till you have it ; and then because you have it you will preach it.' And Wesley himself had, with unsparing severity, subjected himself to the most rigorous requirements of what he believed to be Divine law, and had for ten years believed in Christ, but as he himself tells us, never believed as he did now. He had practised religion— now he experienced its bliss. It is somewhat puzzling to find Wesley some twelve months after this entering in his journal the following :— 1 My friends affirm I am n^ad, because I said I was not a Christian a year ago. 1 affirm I am not a Christian now. . . . For many years I have been, yea, still am, hankering after a happiness in loving and being beloved by one or anothpr. And in these I have taken more pleasure than in God. AF>nin joy in the Holy Ghost I have not. . . . AfTRin I have not the peace of God. I have health, '•tieneih, friends, a competent fortune, a composed che. rful tunper. . . . But I have none which can wilh any propriety be called 'a peace which passeth nil understanding.' . . . Though I have constantly used all the means of grace for twenty years 1 am not a Christian. Out of this mental and spiritual mnze this earnest soul had through many a confl'rt lo win his way. In due course it will appear that lie at I n^tli, like the strong man he was, burst the thenlog'c withs and fetters with which he had been bound. Meanwhile, he was constrained to become a member of the first Moravian Society founded at Fetter Lane, London. The rules of that society are entitled 'orders of a religious scciety meeting in Fetter Lane : in obedience to the command of God by St. James, and by the advice of Peter Bohler, May 1, 1738.' It could not be that Wesley's masculine mind wonld find congenial aliment in the stillnesses, the indwellings, the experiences and mysteries of the Moravian society. He was desirous of knowing something more of this singular peop'e with whom he had been brnueht into contact. He would study their system at its headquarters—Germany—and accordingly to Germany he went, arriving in due course at the Moravian settlement in Her;nhuth, the cradle of Moravianism. Here he embraced all opportunities of conversing with the most experienced of the brethren in regard to the work of God smong them ; and with the teachers and elders concerning their church discipline. He heard the notable preacher, Christian Divid. on several occasions ; had fnquent intercourse with Baron Natteville and Count Zirzendorf, heads of the academy and the society ; examined the social and domestic economv of the Moravians, and, after an ahsence of about four months, Wesley returned to London. The day following he preached three times, besides expounding to the besotted people of the minories. A letter to Count Zinzendorf thanking him and his countess for their hospitality, and a communication to the Moravians at Herrnhuth give an insight of Wesley's impressions of German Moravianism. In his letter to the brethren at Herrnhuth he writes ;—' I rejoice in your steadfast faith and love to our blessed Redeemer. . . . But of some other things I stand in doubt. . . . 1 Is not the connt all in all to you ? Do you not magnify your ' church too much ? Do you not use guile and dissimulation in many cases I Are you not of a close, dark, 'reserved temper and behaviour?' These weighty as might have been expected, quickly brought Wesley into trouble. Brother Charles had been happy in the Moravian connection ; and while John was at Bristol during (he spring months of 1739, the strained relations between ^the Methodists nd Moravians eventuated in a crisis. \- It appeared that many misunderstandings and offences had crept in, and John Wesley was requested to return from Bristol to confer with the brethren in London. A humiliation meeting was held, reciprocal acknowledgments of over zeal, over warmth of temper, and hasty judgments of character, were made, and for a time things went on more smoothly. As the year drew to its close, however, the meetings in Fetter Lane grew more polemical. Wesley became more and more dissatisfied with his old Moravian friends, and well he might. He had been prominent in the formation of their Society in Fetter Lane, but his hopes and aspirations concerning them had been blighted. Moravian heresies had, in London at last, corrupted the Moravian bands, and he had long pondered the resolution to come out from among them and be separate, To this resolution he gave practical effect on July 20Lh, 1740. At the conclusion of a lovefeast, John Wesley stood up and read a paper, stating the errors into which they had fallen, and concluding thus—' I believe theEe assertions to be contrary to the word of God. I have warned you hereof again and again, and besought you to turn back to the law and the testimony. I have bcrne long with you, hoping you would turn. But as I find you more and more confirmed in the error of your ways, nothing now remains but that I should give you up to God. You that are of the same judgment, follow me.' Without saying more, he withdrew, some eighteen or twenty, following him. The day following, the seceding society, numbering about twenty five men and fifty women met for the first time at the Foundry, instead of at Fetter Lane, and so the Methodist Society was founded on July 23rd, 1740. The Foundry, the cradle of Methodism, was an uncouth ruin when Wesley purchased it for a preaching station, In former years it had been the Government Foundry for the forging-of cannon, and it retained its name long after it became a preaching station. The immediate neighbourhood was known then as Windmill Hill, not far from Moorfields, and now forms a street running parallel with the City Road. Though the first Methodist meeting-house of which the metropolis could boast, it was not the first place of worship owned by John Wesley. Kingswood School, near Bristol, begun by Whitfield nearly two years prior to the reconstruction of the Foundry, was left in Wesley's hands, and he became responsible for all debts in connection with its completion. Kingswood was Whitfield's first field-pulpit, for here, in the spring of 1739, he began his glorious career of outdoor preaching, and nobly did he and Wesley co-operate, till not only Kingswood School, but also the meeting-house in Horse Fair, Bristol, could be recognised as scenes where, without fear or favour, they and their followers could worship according to their conscience. Kingswood, even prior to the erection of the School-room, was the sphere of Wesley's first lay preacher. Here John Cennick, sent by Whitfield to be the teacher of the school, ' found that the^ young man (was it Maxfield ?) appointed to read a Berinon to the colliers had not arrived. The place for meeting was under a sycamore tree. More than five hundred colliers had assembled. Cennick was requested to take his place. He reluctantly complied, spoke to the people from the fulness of his heart, and the word was greatly blessed, Cennick preached again next day, and also on the following Sunday, Thus encouraged, he constantly preached at Kingswood and the neighbourhood for well nigh two years, and sometimes supplied Wesley's place in Bristol. 