HICKIN'S ATHLETIC HALL. Sinnott Beats Douglas NoxwxxssraimrKO that heavy showers fell during the early part of the evening Abe Hickin's Athletic Hall was well patronised on Thursday night by a good class of sports." Abe put a first-class programme forward— just WCBUIIV1 VU«HUUftWllUU. rCMUflCffWUWKU as M.O.,andasthe preliminary boxers entered the ring he gave them to understand that he and the spectators wanted no child's play. The result was that the opening bouts were quiok, last, and all that could be expected. First Tom and Fat O'Brien pat in a triplet of very smart rounds. The way the former shaped impressed thoBe present with the idea that he could hold his own with more than half the nine- etoners claiming themselves as beaters of all in their class. Morris and " Milky" also put in a quartette of willing rounds. The next pair were Tom Duggan and Atobie WaUter, from Broken HuL Before putting oh .the gloves tiie latter stated he was wilting to play high -doss mnsio with -any middle-weight in Australia. His display with Duggan did not make ns think he was a champion. At any rate, Dan Creadon stepped into the ring and offered to give him a ohance to 1 make a name for himself. Oreedon also challenged Jim Ryan, who immediately accepted. A match at an early date may lie looked for. But we are digressing. Duggan had the beat of the new aspirant for middle-weight championship honors. Subse quent to a five minutes' interval, H. Sinnott andA. Douglas entered the ring to contest the beet of eight rounds. 41 Chips " Moore and A. Goghiu were behind the latter, whilst Binnott had the assistance of J. Hunt and G. Mauris. The officials were— Referee, W. Book; timekeepers, Joe Harris and B. Carter. The contest was under the new Australian rules. Right from the jump Sin nott oommenoed to deal out the punishment in full measure. He treated hie opponent to ' about a dozen full -toned upper-cuts. Douglas than turned his back to prance away, and before the performance had been on a minute Sinnott planted a heavy right on the jaw, end sent his opponent olean ont. The tune- keeper made a mistake in declaring time after Douglas had been on strike of lOsec, whereas it should have been SOsec- Sinnott said he was not particular, and would give Douglas another chance. After a couple pf minutes' interval the show was continued For three and a half rounds, although not having the ghost of a show, Douglas stood up until he wae sent clean out. Binnott was returned u tba Wjrtnar, To-morrow night Don Creed on, champioST middle-weight of Australia, and Jim Byan, Ate to box tiie best of 8 rounds for a nurse, 