Tlie A-iitericnii Inuinits. TÍIK Now York Tribune says :-No olaas of savages is more widely imaginative than the Amerioan Indian, and none is capable of wilder work undor the influence of religious delusion. Theo foots are particularly true of tho Sioux, and although thia now dream of conquest is not confined to tho Dakota'tribes it seems to have originated among them, and in receiving its greatest power for harm from their belief in it. They aro not only by far tho most numerous body ot: wild Indians now liv- ing, but they are the bravest," the Cruellest, the most fanatical and tho least tractable. They havo tho best lcadors and the largest resources. Thoy are of all the moat devoted to their tribal oustomn, Thoy aro proud of their history, loyal to their traditions, and faithful to their chief men. A large body nf them is still wild, implacable "and vioioua. Tho Indians composing' it rarely appear at the agencies and ding tenaciously to their barbarous , ways. They entertain a vast oontomptfor the white man's civilisation, and keep their minda ever dwelling on the time when tho Indian will again be supreme on the soil of which they ooueitlor ho has beon de- spoiled only as a punishment of the Almighty, The " Coming of the Ghosts " is not a strange idea to the Indian mind.- In ono form or anothor it is a common superstition, and, although a largo sec- tion of every tribe have seemed from time to timo to grow woaker in the faith they put' in it, there is no doubt that concerted action on tho part of thoir chiefs and medioinc-men might easily revive it. Fortunately tho red man\hna only a feebto talent for organisation. Men Uko Joseph, tho NczPercea, able to dlrcot large bodies of savages and to oompel obedience to his will, oro exceedingly raro, and when they have developed in tho past our great Christian Government has generally succeeded in bribing them before they did much harm. But it is almost impossible to eradioate superstition from the mind of an Indian, and it is astonishing what silly things ho will nocept, and what preposterous folly he will commit under its evil influence In many oases no amount of education suffices to break its spell, and Indians who have been taught in eastern sohools and have become familiar with tho life of great cities have thereafter taken the most conspicuous parts in fanatioal disturbances. DEATH OP MB. KINGLAKE.-Mr. Alexander William Kinglake, the well-known historian, died on Jana ary 3rd. Hois well-known as the author of "Eothen," nn account of his experiences in Eastern travel, published in 1811. . His [; Invasion of the Crimea" was tho first portion of. o History of the Russian war of 1851-6, a work upon which he had been for. some time engaged, [appeared in 1863, and some passages gave great'offence at tho Court ot the Tuileries. The sale , of the book was prohibited In Franoe daring' the Empire,1" [Death. -It ls with sincere rrgret that we announce the demise of Mrs. James Beatson, of Ulmarra, whioh took place on Wednesday, at the age of 41. The deceased lady was first prostrated by an attack of measles, whioh brought on capil- lary bronchitis, and this resulted in inflammation oil tho lungs, terminating fatally. .- Mrs. Beatson was the youngest daughter of the late Alexander M'Phee, of Clarenza, where her two brothers reside. A j sister (Mis. H. Livingstone) is -living on the' Richmond, and another (Mrs. Gillies) on tho Coldstream. Bhe had boon a resident of the Clarence for fully SO years, residing at Glareozt till her marriage, und from that period till her death living at Ulmarra. Deceased, who was very muoh respeoted, leaves a husband, six young chil- dren, and a largo circle of friends to lament their los?. Her mortal remains were followed to their lost resting plooe in the Presbyterian cemetery, Grafton, by a numerous procession of mourners. v Plying Poxes.-Mr.. James S. Bray in álotter to the S. M. Herald writes : " While in and around Emu Plaina on Now Year's D iy, I came ; across Bovoral orchards that had wires spread over acree of fruit trees. I ventured interviewing the pro- prietor of tho largest orchard, and obtained tho fol- lowing particulars : The orohard is owned by a Mr. George Walker. Tho wires'were put up about seven years ago, and Mr. Walker said that tba oost of labour and material in putting up the wire to prevent loss occasioned by the visits of tho flying foxes to his trees was repaid to him in two year*. Mr. Walker's remedy is an established fnot, but tho wires aro not as regularly fixed as they sh Oula. ba. To make a permanent job, meshes of from 12ln. to ISin. would be effeotivo, and corve thc double pur- pose of keeping the wires from overlapping and becoming entangled. The lighter tho wires, excopt those on tho poles tho better, for then the foxes, who are keen of sight, have lesa ohanoe of. soeing tho wires, These pests naturally tako tho greatest caro of their immense wings, and one brought into contact with the wires will never again troublo that particular plnoe."' Public Holiday.-Friday tho 13th Marnh has been gazetted a public holiday for Fernmount, Boat Harbour, Raleigh, Coffs Harbour, Deep Creek, Bowraville, Macksville, and Nambucca Heads. . > Roman Catholic.-Confirmation will be hold at St. Mary's pro-Uathodral on Sunday, 25th inst., by his Lordship tho Bishop of Grafton who will be in town till that timo. Wo aro pleased to hear that Kev. Father Byrno, who left by the Kallatina on n month's absence from his charge, has almost recovered from his severe illness, and it is expected will shortly be fully restored to health. Good Templars.-At a recent meeting of tho Exeontive Counoil in Sydney it was stated that Mr. R. Crabb was to take a leoturing tour on tho Western line, and Rev. E. Tuoker was about to commence on the Northern rivers. Miss Jessie Ackerman was also to take an extended mission under the auspices of the order. During last year 1500 public meetings, attended by about 250,000 persons were hold in the colony in addition toopoo air and lodge meetings. The Dorrigo Road.-Specifications are on view at the Court Houso for carrying out a contract on tho road from Fernmount to the Grafton.and Armidale road. It comprises 80 chains olenrlng CG feet wide, 80 chains road construction, one first class and olx box oulvorts, two stono causeways, supply of 175 yards metal, und 87 yards blinding. Views of the Coast.—We have been shown by Mr. J. W. Peterson, of Prince-Street several photographic views of coast scenery taken by Mr. C. Ehlers, of Victoria-street. In several of them are shown the unfinished jetties at Woolgoolga and Coff's Harbour, the photographs giving a distinct outline of the beach and headlands, and those who have not seen these places can form a capital idea of their capabilities from the pictures. Several views en route to the coast in the vicinity of Half- way Creek have been taken, the bush scenery being exceptionally well brought out. Some are the selections in the locality of the Harbour, showing not only the dwellings of the holders, but the occupants as well, on several the old aboriginal identities are shown, one is a picture of Mr. Spicer's mill at Coff's Harbour, and the whole collection is very comprehensive as illustrating what is going on in this portion of the coast. We understand Mr. Ehlers can supply copies of any of the views. The Roads District.-We nra informed that the Grafton Roads district has been divided, South Grafton and locality embracing tho South sido of the rivor being portioned off into a separate district under Mr. Everett, from tho Bega distriot, and who has already arrived. Tho new arrange- ment will facilitate the business in connection with tho roads, nnd should load to more promptitude in dealing with improvements. The Nymboida Pant.-Plans and specifica- tions aro exhibited at the Court House for the con- struction of a hand-goared punt for the Nymboida River. It is to bo construotod of wood, 85 feet long over tho transoms, with 7 feet flaps nt each end ; IQ feet 9 indies wida in tho olear between the korb logs, with footway two feet in tho olear ; depth 2 feet 7 inches. Motion is to be imparted by wire rope passing over end guides, ned under grooved wheel to hnnd winch. The contractor is to inoludo in his tender the delivery of the punt complote where it is to ply. Poul Brood in Bees.-Wo have reooived from the Teohnioal Education branch of the Pub- lia Instruction Department, a small phamplet on tho above. It desoribes at some length the causes and nature of " Foul Br.iod," and as a preventative recommends apiarists to giva the bees carbolio aoid mixed with syrup or honey in the proportion of 1 to 400 or GOO. Tho bees will require a mixture of 1 in 200, and if honey be coming in quickly the beoB may ref UBO tho speoifio in any form. In tho lather oase it ia recommended to take out tho brood combes and pour tho medicated syrup into tho cells immediately around and over the brood. The syrup is beBt pourod by holding tho comb in an inclination for ordinary writing, not by plaoing it on its side. The preparation is.enid to bo a certain preventivo of foul brood in hives New England Farmers' Union.-At tho annual mooting, hold on Monday last, tho report of this as ld, and it was stated that the sales of produoe had increased, the amount passing through tho sales- man at Armidale being £4050. There aro GO paid up members on the roll. Mr, J. Mooro was elected President for the year. Death of Mr. W. Mathews.- We psr o-ive. by the metropolitan papers, that Mr. W. Mathews died on Sunday last. The dcocaecd will, doubtless, bo remembered by many Grafton people as at one time headmaster of tho Grafton Public Bobool whon that institution was located near whoro tho Bank of N. S. Wales now aranda. Whilo hero in fait tho samo applies to wherever ho was located -ho took a very aotivo part in sioial and religious subjects, nnd not unfrequently in political mattera, so far aa hm position wonld admit of. He took a particularly warm interest in tho School of Arts and the mutual improvement olasses of thoso bygone years. Ho had his peculiarities-who has not?-but underneath them he was a warm-hearted and kind friend. Peace to his ashes. Forfeited Conditional Purchases. - Tho following have hoon doolarcd forfeited: W. Gwynne, ,40 acres, Jiggi \ D. F. McPherson, 510 acres" Broadwato- ; F. Gulliver. 4G5J acres, Evans ; J. Hodgkinson, 400 aores, Nuwrybar j F. M'Intosh, 300 acres, Broadwater. . Separate Schools for Aboriginal. Chil- dren.-The Minister of Public Instruction has deoidod that soparato schools shall bo- established for tho aboriginal ohildrenVnt tho camps on the Macleay, Hustings aiid Wallamba' Rivers, Tuero aro upwards of GO children of school ago, at'tho aboriginal stttlomeutr on theso rivers j .and as strong ohjeotion was made by the parents of whito children to their attendance at the local Fublio schools, it has been found advisable to provide education for thom by meanB of sepnrato schools. Mr. Kolan, Inspector of Schools at Port Mnoqiurie, has the matter in hand, and tho schools .will bo opened almost immediately. INCUBATION-Tho United States Oonsul-Gcneral in Egypt describes the system of hatching oggs by artificial heat pursued in that o untry from time immemorial, and still in active operation. One establishment visited by the Consul-Genoral was wholly constructed of sun-dried brioks, mortar, and earth. It was 70ft. long, GO ft. wide, and 10ft. high, and was provided with 12 compartments or incubators, eaoh capable of hatching 7500 eggs, or altogether 90,000 at one time. Tho season begins in March and lasts until May, and three batches of eggs aro hatched in this time, each taking an average of three weeks. Tho fourth week ÍB given to removing tho ohiokena and preparing tho incubators for a new batch of eggs. Tho number of eggs treated at thin establishment in a Bingle season was there fore 270.000, frnm whioh 230,000 ohiokenB are usually obtained. The loss of ohiokens after incubation is comparatively small. Tho whole staff of the place is a man and a boy, who keep up the fires to a temperature of not. leas than Ü8 degrees F" arrange tho eggs, move them four or five times in the 21 hours, look after tho ohiokons, and hand them over to tho buyers. J, The number of ohiokens hatched in this manner throughout Egypt is estimated at 75,000,000, and -would under ordinary oiroumstanoea require 1,500,000 mothers, 