" " . .- M;.., .. r >i Parisian Parlance. 1 Paris. Mav 30. rlhq omnibus strike of Paris having fuUUlod ! all the requirements of tho EnoyoUoal. his Holiness ought to telegraph to the mon Papal benediotion on thoir vfotory. The strike possessed all tho most boautilul olomonti for euoooss. Tbo employees wore ground oxoaod- ing small in thoir social mill ; thoy wero paid from 2 francs to 6 franoa por day ; tho working hours wore 15 to 18 ; thoy had two holidays monthly, whon no pay was allowed ; thoy had to doposit 200 fronos oash as soourity, tha in terest on whioh tho company used as dividend grist ; tho mon wore subjoot to n moroiloss Kjrstum of finos, whioh also fationod dividends Deductions wero farthor made for tho siok and ponsion funds, so tho wondor is how tho men managed to llvo from overwork and undor pay. It wonld bo in torch ting to know the donth rato among the company's employees. On . tho oompany's 600-frnno shares tho dividend fluctuated botweon 13 and 16 por cent. Tho directors wero paid 30,000 francs a year oaoh. Tho gods, before destroying thom, Btrnok thom blind, nn when tho mou petitlonod for a working day of 12 hours, that off-days ought to oarry wages, and tho lovicd finos and tho intorcst on thoir aooumulatod guarantees to bo credited to tho Siok and Acoi'iont Fand, the directors, in thoir majestic baahawism, declined listening to tho epokosmon and dis missed thom from tho sorvioo. A oondnotor of sn omnibUB and a tiokot checker in two days formed three- fourths of tho omployoos into a If gal syndioato. Tho mon petitioned again ; tho same haughty enobbism was extended to tho request. A strike was voted. For two days Paris was without omnibuses. Tho Press and pnblio opinion sustained tho strikors. 'Within 48 hours tho lnsolont dirootors oapitulatod; all they refused thoy had to grant, and the white slaves aro now froe mon. Tho employ oca resumed work ; eomo dis played joy-ooloored oookndcs in thoir hats, ethers wore laurel leaves. Tho oonduotor, M. Contenzonao, who displayed such remarkable organising oapaoity and surety of forosight, was offered, and has aooopted, tho managership of ah important faotory ; but in obodionoo to the call of his comrades ho agreed to not as con ductor, under the now regime, for ono ran between station and station, amidst groat oheoring. Ho is oertoin to bo elcatod a deputy. The omnibuB etriko ia pregnant with instruc tion . It shows the folly of conceding a mono poly to any company in this ago of liberty of work. Wore people bero as froo to start oinni- buses as cabs, citizens would no longer bo tbo shuttlecooks of a privilogo, whioh ia tho old namo for monopoly. Tho etriko shows the ineptitude of ptacing men in the situation of directors who are in a Rip Van Winkle sleep reepeoting tho social ahanges everywhere eddying. The strike has imparted froah vigour to tho onwardness oi tko labour movement on tbo continent. It has brought boms to tho working classes that tho soorot of their power lies in syndicating, and with that weapon thoy are omnipotent. Society oonats upon capital and employers rooognuing this fact— and in time, for it has mods up its mind that the gospel of humanity shall take precedence of political economy; that the workmen must not he sweated out of oxlstonoo, nor the employee, during his lifo, ekiuned ltko a flint-. Tho well-wlshora -of Franco— and eho has more than she believes— cannot but look with alarm on tho voting of the ultra protectionist tariff. It is now established that tho Govern- ' msnt is in a minority, varying from 80 to 120, to oarry its counter tariff oi moderation. Foreign conntrios will retaliate, beotuso re ciprocal trodo-troaties becomo impossible. Ex terior markets will booome olosod to France, so that when her products will bo loft on hor hands, it requires no ghost from the gravo to predict the home consequences. Very grave observers more than shako their heads at tho oomlng future. Tbo Melinite hubbub is getting beautifully lees. This is partly due to Uio explosion of the legend that melinite was an cxolusively t ronoh institution, oapablo of out- marvelling Julos Vtrno marvclB. Melinite is well known to be piorio acid, tho centenary of whose discovery almost coinoidos with that of tho Frcnoh Bo- volution ; thore are no two pieria acids. M. Turpin discovered tho way to oxplodo tho acid, and to avenge himself on tho Ftenoh Govern ment, Armstrong and Co., and his adversaries in general, baa revealed his scorot in a volumo, whioh has been seized, and hintod at the War Offioe harbouriug traitors. Ho has beon arrested to onablo him to establish his acousa- tions. His oommoroial partner, M. Tripono, is also undor bolts and burs, he boing tho alleged "honest broker" for the salo of copies of War Offico projootllo aud gun inventions. The latter aro commodities thst fetch high prices in the foreign market, and do Government is a model of chivalry as to how it obtains possession of thom. Odd that thoro ehould be such oagernesB to possess the latest intelligence how to destroy, and but very littlo as to how to savo mankind. Tho Temps is tho only journal that says any thing handsome about the brilliant sssistanoo lent by Lord Charles Boreeford to tbo stranded Ikenob cruiser Scignelay, off Jappa. The oooa- slon was vory propitious for indulgenoe in tho IntATQRttnnnl vnilhinl awwnHcn Knajwaaa Dnna Russia still block tho way? Tho dlBtreoaslng accounts eking out respecting the Frenoh exhibi tion at Moscow, and the many rifts discovered in theallisnoe Into aro commencing to "dump," as the President of tho Transvaal would aay, the tide of Russophilism. Then the Musco vites' treatment of tho Jews and tho flooks of fresh exiles morohod into Siberia are, too, too bitter pills for French justice and the brother hood of Frenoh humanity to ewallow. The ohuroh oi St. Germain l'Auxorrois is close to the Looiao. It was from its tcwer that tho tocain Bounded for tho St. Bar tholomew massacre. Tho olorgy of tho parish havo jnst celebrated tho diamond wedding of its care, tho Abba Legrand, and the father of the Paris olergy. Ho 1b aged 83, is in holy orders since GO years, and cure of tho parish slnco 1860. His most distinguished parishioners wore tho lata Emperor and EmproBS ; tho latter had him dcoorated with the Logien of Honour. Tho abho's parish has been nearly improved out of existence by new streets and theoroation of monster outfitting establishments. He thus wittily olaims to have in his parish, houses where there aro habilt tans habitants, and houses with habitants atnt habilt. The Abbe Legrand has refusad promotion. During the wild days of the oommune ho never quitted his post nor banged bis oootnms. Communist General Clu- osaret turned him ont of his presbytery and in stalled himoolf and hiaoonrt-martial staff there. Tbo poor abbo and his ourato were the two first tried, tb? fiitair jyn? terminated with a I'ou- quier-Finviiio rapidity. Tho twoolergymon wero condemned todeath; tho coal hoto of their own residonoo became their coll. Tho equad that arrived to load thom to exeeution wore blind drunk, and fell asloep, and tboir offioer oonnivod at tho escape of the condemned by removing a grating through whioh they gained tho streot. When tho troops entered Paris tho abbe had to attend many oommuniBts oondemncd to he shot. It was nmong tbem ho recognised tho offioor — a mason by trsdo — who had suved his lifo. By his ii tor- coesion ho saved tbo man's life, aud ho is to day tbo beodlo of tho ohuroh. Tbo lattor adjoins the mayoralty oi tho first srrondieBement of Paris, and of whioh JqIob Ferrv was mayor when the oommuno broke out. When Thiers and his oolleaguea bolted from Parin in Marob, 1871, they forgot to warn M. Forry. The latter fell Into tbo hands of the enemy, who viewed him as a bchiu louche. Tho Abbo Legrand crawled bis way to find Jules Feny, who oxpeoted every moment to bo his last. Ho reBoned him, hid him in tho ooal- holo odl, then in tho ohnrob, facilitating his esoaps into sn unguarded stroot by a ladder, nud from thonoe tho ex- Frontier dodged his way to Versailles. M. Koeny went to London for 10 days to stndy English manners oad sooloty. Ho put np eomowhoro botweon Loiooster oquiro, tho Haymarket, and Wltitcohapel. Naturally tho timo was foggy. The result of his doxnogiaphlo observations is n drama, " Noll Horn," in four hots and six scones. Poor Noll — no relation of Dickens's creation— is the step-denghter of a drunken London detootive. who boats tho girl and his wife to a chorus of ourses. Nell fleos thehoueo; joins tho Salvation Army; qnitsit on account of itp malpractioes ; booomos tho mistress of a Frenchman to fortify hor morality, but ho duly deserts her and tho infant jhe has by him. Next sho resides with an aged gentle man, who in time turns her up. Finally she dies a aandldats for Jack the Rippor risks. Exoopt the open air meeting . of the Salvation Army,. withJtB /strange , prqbeetxg :twd services, the ii . l, : . v. , ) <; L '-1 l J.S vl , ) i) 1 J . t'i , . pnblio comprehended nothing of a drama joined by basting BtitoheB. Tho drama, whiohls agon not a myetory of London, is represented at' the now " Theatre Lihro," whore authors are freo to tiy their 'prentioo hands, at . the expense of - violating all tho unitloo and all tbo dodonoieo. Tho oaths that so plentifully lord tho dialogue," wore rendered in Anglo- Boxon rawnoao, .whioh, for tho Frenoh, did date happily 'for Latin. Tho opcotatora at first hooted and whistled, finally, comprehending nothing, thoy laughod at tbo whole thing, demanding tho oiohcatra of tho Salvation Army " oat." Bidlonlo kills in Franoo. At Oran, in Algeria, tho sensational poison ing oaeo is boing tried. Jcsnno Doniloff is a Russian, aged 24, neither beautiful nor plain, hnt distinguished by a "fatal air." Sho was brought np nt Nioo, where hor family kept a boarding.houso. Whon a girl shd'olopod to Paris, and lived six months with hor soduoor. Abandonod, sho roturnod to Nioo,' mixod with sooloty os usual, and having oapturod n trab- licutonant of attillory, Woleo, thoy ogrood to wed. Remembering hor past, the Minister of War, nndWoios's own family, would not eono- tion tho union. Sho lived with Weiss as his mistress, and after 18 months, when ho leit tho . army to beoomo a snb-profoot in Algeria, ho wodded hor. HoiB 36 yoaro of ago, o flno-looking man. Two oliildren woro tho rosult of the union. In 1889 tho wilo mode tbo acquaintance of a railway onginoor named Boqnes. To potsoss one anothor they agreed to got rid of tho husband. To Bhoot him or to givo him prassio add would bo too violent and load to dleoovery. Roqnes obtained Fowlor's eolation of areonio, and told hor bow to administer it, inoroasing tbo dosos daily. Without romorso, eho ooolly kiliod hor husband, professing doop aflootion at his illnoss, while daily writing to Roquos, who was at Madrid, tho progress of the pationt towards that death they so muoh desired. It was by intercepting ono of tbosa lottors tho orimo was discovered, and the wife arrested in tho midst of hor diaholiool work. Roqnes was arrested in Madrid, bat doring a momentary absonoo of his guard he seized ono of thoir riflos and shot himself. Boforo ho loft for Spain ho and tho wretchod wifo experimented on dogs with tho bast poison to administer to tho husband. Sho has confessed hor oiiino. Tho huBband, who has recovered, declared to tho jury ho would never pardon tho priBonor, and only beggod to novor again boar hor namo montioaod. Sho will bo transported for life. Froo marriages genorally cud in freo dissolutions. Tbo Homo Minister is oieditod with tho in tention to publish every year tho solemn declarations of tho Paris printors respecting tho number of oopios thoy Btrike off oi all news papers and periodiosiB for tho protootion of advertisers. "Evelyno Leal," tho yonng English " heiress," who captnrod 36 husbands by bolt ing from thom after pluoking them of their ossh and pre scats — thoy spaoulating on hor adver tised wealth — has boen sontonood only to bIx months' imprisonment. As ono of hor victims in willing to wod her and go to tho Congo her dnrsnoe will not be long ; it will he if sho re- 