THE EIGHT-OAR RACE PORT V. ADELAIDE. TO THE BDITOK. • Sir—The question of weight v. form has been discussed in your columns recently, and judging from what ,ha6 been written tbe issue of the race to-day will depend on whether an exceptionally light crew is possessed of form so superior to that of their rivals as to compensate for .the physical superiority of the latter. I 'cannot call to mind so light an < eight as the Ports are puttiug iu rowing; a two-mile race. At Henley, Bedford and Radley have been represented by very light crews,' but the course is only about one and a quarter miles, and these two schools nefver oould hold a candle to the heavier metal at- Eton, which has frequently _ beaten College eights from both Universities. Still I, for one, am a firm believer in form as against physique. Some of your readers may possibly remember a memorable afternoon in July, many years ago now, when Tom Egan, with a crew - of light London twatermen, rowing down, to take his position as umpire, was quickly followed by the Oxford Eight .. on their way to the start for the Grand Challenge. As they passed the steward '-s stand they elicited a burst of applause for their magnificent physique and massive swing. And well tbey might, for in that eight was George Morrison, the greatest No. 5 and coach that Oxford has produced; Wane, now Head Master of Eton; John Arkell* who had stroked Oxford to victory at Putney ; and Rislev, a . future stroke, who kept on his rowing for yeans after most of his contemporaries, had retired. When the London R.C. Eight rowed down they asked what ghost of a chance such a light crew could have against the Oxford Eight, who averaged all but a stone per man heavier. Yet though a strong wind blew down the Reach the first was London by half a length. Though terribly-exhausted by their terrific race they beat on the following day the Cambridge Eight, stroked by the redoubtable Jack Hall; by three-quarters of a length.. Imaginative persons affirm that the yell with^ which Casamajpr. (7 in the London boat) <aJled oii his eigh't to save the foul which 'Cambridge was so neat making, when little Henry Western (telot thirteen) had crossed into the light-blues' water to get Poplar for a finish, still haunts the Henley waters. To conclude, spite of the caution not prophesy before the event, I go. for form and the Ports, as against weight, which does hot work uniformly, and gets short and scratchy when extended. . I am, Sir, TOWPATH No. 2, 