Rocky Cape Notes. (FBOM OBB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) As nothing has appeared of late concerning this remote nnd humble part of our snu| little island in the columns of the ' Welling ton Times,' I take this opportunity to pen n few lines that may be a little interesting to some of your readers. Tho stillness Hint ever exists hers was disturbed on Wednesday evening by the vooil nnd Instrumental talent of a few of our well known nmatcurs in a building kindly provided liy Mr. James Boys, the proceeds to go to the II. C. Cricket Club for the purchase of matting, etc. There was a very good attendance, and the Unit item on the programme was a Pianoforte Duct, 'Woodland Whispers,' played in splendid stylo by Messrs, Button nml A. Dallas. ' A Rolling Stone gathers no Moss' was then sung by Mis* Carrall in her custom ary manner, that, of course, being most brilliantly. W. Lntlmcr then sang 'Sweet Alice' and was loudly applauded. The next was a recltatlou ' llccelpe to brow a Storm,' by Miss llovsand Mr llanchop, tills vasvery amusing piecenndns Mr. llnillchop was leav ing thu stage a plate followed lilin.but lie being n bachelor, tliu fair damsel did not aim accurately. 'The Good Rhine Wine' was sung by Mr. Rockwell, which elicited an encore ; Miss Dallas sang ' Love at f Tome ' In ia very pleasing style. After an interval of fifteen minutes came a ' Stump Speech ' by O. Maurice, which was much appreciated ; .Mr. Adams then reel ted ' IIIiIiIv'h Troubles,' which kept thu audience in roars of laughter to the finish, ami the cucuru brought forth ' Don Quixotte's Ghost,' which w.i* per MisH Carroll then appeared ng.iin and Miug :? ' The Fisherman and din Child' very nicely ; Misses Daihuand S. Walker then amused the audience by singing a duct, 'Hunliiii; : Tower ; then Mr. Adams was seen to mount . tlie stage in Iuh usual olfliaud lnaiincr and brought the house down ngain witli hl. : recitation, ' llow we bciit tliu Favourite' ; Mr. .loe Dalhu sang ' Uocs j'our Heart beat true to mo ' very creditably. The con clusion was n pianoforte piece, 'The Abyslnnlnn Kxpcdltlon' ivhicli wax plavcil splendidly by. Mr. T. Ilrnkey. A vote' of thanks til tlie chairman, Mr. .lames Dallas, concluded the li ret part of a very enjoyable evening. The room ivai then cleared and a ? very mcial dance followed which was kept ' upliUtlu ' wee small lioiir»,'asuppor lieliiir / provideil : ami much credit in due t«i Mrs. J. Boys and family for their kindness in this respect. {ivvvw.Vyr.8i!. , ,y - 