. CHAPTER II. . MAUllIOE tISCOMBE'S DELIltlUM. The words which had been uttered the previous evening by Maurice Liacombe still rang in Sybil's ears throughout tlio whole of the next live-long day, as though a hot iron had boon seared across his brain. Usually joyous when em ployed in his day's work, Binging and light-hearted as the veriest school-boy ro> loused from his studies, ho wna on the morning after this night of Mental tcr turo sad and absent in manner. Tho day was an mutually busy ono, Tito frtjclc loads o( cuno stacked high in uir cams pouring in to food the lullufs, whioh ground away with a crackling | noiae, slowly but surely extracting every particle of juice from the long, sweot Bticka. The lino of draya crawling at funeral pace, driven by Kanakas, pulled up, each in turn, to receivo a load of , " megass," thence to be cavted away and spread out in tho sun, where, as children I in other countries might play in the hay | fields, so would the little black savages I the offspring of Kanaka women-- delight in rolling and tossing it in each other's faceB, In tho far distance glimmered and shone with almost supernatural brilliancy tho mighty mountains, on which could be traced tumbling water-falls,sparkling and dancing like millions of orystals under tho vigorous sunrays, The aceno was all color, life and move ment. Sybil of an ovenitig would delight to join in a friendly game o£ oavda with the overseers, where his cheory manner and good-natured banter would always find a ready welcoma. After the day's work succeeding that of bis midnight interview with Liscombe, he was in no ready frame of mind for the light-hearted throng which was awaiting his coming at the barracks. He merely stopped as lie rode homewards for a short half hour to tell them that* he would not put in an appearance that evening. " Why, what's up,old boy, with you?" queried Fred Roycroft, a bright, good looking young fellow, employed on tho placo as Btorekeoper. i " Yes," added Alex Sugden, "youlook as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up a half-penny." " She's thrown him over," said Arthur Richards in a playful tone. At any other time Sybil would have had quick reparteo at his command to parry these thrusts with, but this even ing he was chslrait, and found but little to 8 muse him. The society of his fellow-creatum for once proved irk Bomo. Have wo not all felt so at times? When some cloud lowers over the sun shine of our path, would we not wish to be away, far away and alone to think it over and try if possible of finding some way out of ou? trouble ? " Well, lure wo are, boys," said Roy oroft, placing glasses on tho table with a whisky botllo beside them, "Let ub | chase away dull care and make our old friend smile again. Never shall I forget him Bhouting to mo the evening that alligator was behind me in the river. If ever a man swam for his life I did on that occasion," .* By Georgo, yes 1" said Sugden, " you had a narrow squeak that time, and I can thank Preaoott for being alive now." Sybil, who was leaning over the table flicking tho dust from his boots, poo poohea the idea as was his wont when any special aot of his doing was brought for ward, " Nonsense, boys," he answered; "it was all due to Roycroft's swimming. Cer tainly, I drew his attention to tho alli gator, and can truly say lie cut to land like.a torpedo boat." "Gilemesome whisky, and hang the cursod crocodiles," bawled Itiohards, holding his glasB at arm's length, "I'll take good care they don't get me for a meal." Talk flowed on in this fashion, waxing louder as tho gloasses were drained, when one of them suddenly exclaimed : "Who tho devil can this bo galloping i lor his life?1' at tho same time looking in the direction from whence the sound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing on the still calm air of sunset. " Well, Jim, what's wrong with you V shouted Roycroft, as Singleton pulled his mare up in frarA of tho house a fow seconds later. "Matter? Nothing much with me. Tlio boss though'a coma to grief. On tho road home ho got slung off, and sprained an anklo. He's as tight as they make'em. He told me to ride like blazes fov a bandage, and I'm horo accord ingly." Tho quartette listened in silence to Singleton's account of fcho accident, though it could hardly be said that any one of them showed the slightest sign of pity for Maurice Liscombe. " Curse him !" was all Richards mut tered whilst pacing the verandah, " Now look sharp with the bandages !" said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and riding onwards to the store. Soon all tho necessary articles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Single ton to the house where Sybil resided with Maurice Liscombe, a distance of less than half a mile from the barracks. As they rode along the river bank, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between their respective animals, which is the delight of all young colonists when they can get an opportunity of showing what mettle their steeds are made of. On entering the house they found the manager of Rappoe atretched at length on the eofa, with wild eyes staring into space, and now and then an effort to articulate something which waB perfectly unintelligible to them. "A knife at once," aaid Roycroft to Singleton, who set himself up as an authority whenever anything in the doctoring liae cropped up. " I must cut that boot off, first thing." So, suiting the action to the word, he ripped tho seams to pieces, which at once caused relief. Liscombe, then sinking back, waa soon wrapped in heavy sleep. To give Roycroft his due, although far from having any great knowledge or tskill as a surgeon, he was what might ftave been termed a handy man when occasion demanded. Ha could bind or stitch wounds, could prepare and put on a poultice with all the skill of a profes sional nurse, and, on more than one oc casion had been known to oxtraot teeth, though how much unnecessary pain he had inflicted ho waB not prepared to say. u Seems a nasty wronch, and likely to lay him up for a time," said Roycroft, as he bathod tho anklo with ammonia and water. Tho two woro standing on either side of the manager, who lay as one inanimate, save for the labored breathing and con vulsivo twitching of hia lipa, caused by heavy drinking. " That beast can never go to the town ship without coming back tight, Some night he'll got his neck broke, and it won't be much loss either. I know one man on the placo as wouldn't mind seeing him toos up." These remarks were uttered by Single ton, who was exproosive in his phrase ology, if not, having duo regard for Queen's English. '. Who's that?" queried Roycroft, wind ing yards upon yards of soft linen round tho swollen ankle. "Now. then, can't you guess, instead of tiying to play the goat V You know jolly well tho man 1 inoan," Roycroft often assumed this kind of fuitjlied ignorance on certain subjects, befng what ono might have termed rather ft safe customer, as regards not saving too muoh, " ° " Well, if you want to know, Pmcotfa the man 1 m referring to. Lord ! to hear mm cursing the bo8s this morning was enough to havo frightened the devil him self. There must lia' been some jolly row on laefc night, for I never in all my born days " Before Singleton had finished, Maurice luscombo opened his eyos, though what waa taking place he soorned scarcely to bo aware of. His e}'ea rolled wildy from ono to the other, His arms were thrown over Ins head, clutching at the cushions upon winch lie lay. For a moment all waa silent. In another instant a low, chuck ling demonincial laugh broko from LiB* combe himself: "Escape me, can he? Never-!" The tone of his voico was unnatural and unlike that ever heard before bv those watching beside him. It waa clearly discernible that lie was wandering in hia mind from the dis jointed naturo of his remarks ; "As true as my namo's LiBcombe- saw whole affair plain as-call it murder of course I do that fellow Prescott- moon shining full-sea oalm-I'll have money > ®[av7nS relieved himself of so much, ho u vtrtS °^es 01100 U10pe a°d slumbered, "haton earth is the old fool drivin" at? oxclaimed Singleton. "Prcscott mixed up with full mooiiB and murder. It strikes me the moon's had a go at him by his talk. Perhaps Prescott'll be able to toll us all about it." "Take my advico," said Roycroft, and keep whatyou'vo heard to yourself. It might oause trouble." " Perhaps your right," said Singleton, though I ve always heard say that, when a man's suftWing from delirium its not right to attach too much importance to what he says. Now taking my own case, for example, wlien I was laid up rheumatic fever, I took all sorts of odp fancies into my hoad. Even my wife, who's the best woman on earth, came in for a share of cursing occasionally. It | strikes me, however, in this casa that! there s something amiss between the boss and Prescott, I've noticed 'em for some! time baok not hitting it off quite pro per. ' " Yes/'said Royoroft, " that has been pretty evident to all of us, and no wonder either, A better ohap never trod this earth than Prescott. I've never known him guilty of a mean action yot. A gentleman in every sense of the teim, which is more than can be said of Mm," pointing to the manager. 41 Why, the way Pi'csootb i« spoken to sometimes, it's a wonder to me that he hasn't broken every bone in his body before this." "Good Lord 1 do you think for a mo ment that Prescott would take such a mean advantage as to strike this flabby thing hero," said Singleton, throwing a look of contempt on tho sleeping form "No, he's not built that way. Give S a man of his own Bize and weight, and then thero would be something to talk about. I'll baok Prescott any day for a fiver," ! evoni'nff w?8 now wearing on. Without all was still aud paaceful, save for the the cry of birds which piped merrily all through the night, aa some are wont to do in this hot land. Or again might be heard the piteous wail of wild dogs, serenading tho bright moon in some deop recess of tho thick jungle, a whine so piteous and uncanny as to make those who hear it for the first timo imagino it from the regions where torments may exist. What nights are these of the tropics, whore the deep vault of Heaven ia studded with counties millions of bright worlds? Do they not speak to us of something that we may hope for iu that unveiled future whither all, we believe, are trending ; something of peace, some thing of rest and roposo from all the busy toil and vexation of spirit, which i3 the general lot of mankind on earth ? Yes, such aro tho dreamy, calm, ethereal nights of these lands where Great Sol in running his daily course beats down upon tho earth so fiercely, Beside such nights as these, what com parison can be drawn with those of tem perate latitudes whoro the stars shine but feebly, where fogs drift up from cold morasses, and whero the sun looks sick so often through banks of dull- hued clouds? One is all life, color and gaiety j the other sombre, dull and sad. The birds in their rich plumage darting across the jungle path, the lizards timidly gaz ing from their bower of fern and rich, moist grasses, the troops of dazzling butterflies, the emerald colored snakes gliding noiselessly through the under growth, all seem to be ondowed with greater vitality in lands where spices grow, and, alas! where Europeans sicken and die. Over all this wealth of color, this abundance of Nature's greatest gifts, when but to be able to be proof against malarial fever, would mean only to live in order to enjoy, comes the warning note of death. The ride, perhaps when the sun has set, floundering girth deep on your trusted steed through stagnant water, are then exhaled from its noxious depths where infusorial life ia teeming the dreaded malarial gases. This sickness, deadly in its purpose, strikes down strong and weak. Men who have endured the hardships of campaign, men who havo travelled many weary leagues in the saddle without food for days would gladly experience them all again rather than fight the common eneaiy of the tropics, which racks them both in mind and body as nothing else can. Lying for woekB together, with every bone, as it were, being hammered by mallets, by sprays of ice-cold water coursing down the upine, as soon to be followed by scorching irons, aa it wore, tearing the flesh asunder, aro some of the feelings of this tropical fever. Sybil had as yet escaped all sickness, as most do whoso rich English blood is not made thin until a summer or two has passed. With hia fine physique and woll trained musclos ho could defy almost any thing in tho shapo of bodily ailments, and would laugh when any one complained of headaches, ao much the rulcmthall about him. " Well," said Singleton, breaking a somowhat prolonged silence, "do you think you'll want me any longer, 'cos, if you don't, I think I'll be getting baok to the missis." Singleton waa a married man, and al ways spoke of hia bettor half as tho missis. A kinder husband never breathed than this somowhat rough-and-ready stockman, who took a pride in seeing everything around hia small home aa neat and natty as hands could make it. Its well-kept gardon, in which ho would work after the day had finished, Tho snug littlo parlor, with its suite of fresh, bright-colored chintz and favorite books and photographs. Its tall and cool- look, ing ferns, shading tho verandah, the pride and joy of hia wifo. Theso all told of kind and loving hands whioh, in others, might have been left to languish and deoay, ono thing more, Singleton,'' Mid Eoyeroft, " When you're passing the barracks, BOO if Preacott ia there, and if BO, tell him to come aa soon as he can, I want to arrange about the boas. He must have some onn by him all night. In ono of his moments of frenzy he might become troublesome," "Bight, old boy. There'a my little beauty outside pulling on her bridle aa if she saw a thousand ghosts, so I'll be off at once. Good-night I and keep the old beggar quiot," Tn another second ho had swung lightly into tlio saddle and was cantering through the moonlight with many a leap from the young mare, who seemed to have an idea that shadows of trees and stumps were treacherous water-jumps, Roycroft and the manager were alone. The room they were in was long and airy, and, as the sea-breezo came in gentle gusts, it made music in the glass chande lier above. In ti e garden, flying-foxea amidst the cocoa nut and bananna trees played hide-and-seek; the crickets chirped a«d bats flew in and out, attracted by the All creatures of night-timo were hold ing high festival. Presently a deep groan came from Maurice Liacombe, which atartled Roy croft somewhat, who was enjoying a cigaretto in an arm-chair. In another inatanfc he had risen in a sitting posture, but seemed to take no heed of Roycroft's presence. His eyes had a fixed bleary look, and woro an ex pression of pain aa he drew from hia pocket a sealed letter and ag quickly thrust it back again, fearing lest any one should see it. That he was suffering from delirium waB evident, " Poor Dugdale 1 Poor Dugdale 1" ho kept repeating to himself. "Never mind ; you'll be avenged for it. Pres cott'll have a hard caso to. prove, a hard case to prove-d--n him 1" Roycroft listened with eome interest, wondering what on earth this charge levelled against Preacott could mean. In the distance came the noise of clat toring hoofs, which Roycroft guessed to be Sybil riding homewards Soon the young Englishman pulled up and dismounted. When ho entered tne room he stood for an instant gazing at the bloated features and swollen ankle of the manager, then taking hia seat close to Roycroft, they talked for a time in low voices, " Is ho wandering ? Haa he been say ing anything ?'' queried Sybil, who waa apparently anxioua to know something about the patient, " Yes, he is saying a lot more than he ought to." "Anything about mef la he uncon scious?" "Very much BO, and for that reason I attach no importance to his words." "Bjut what haa ho boon aaying}" Sybil inquired, anxiously, Bettor not be too curious; it mightn't please you," ! "Oome, now, Roycroft; thore can be ' nothing between us. Tako me into your confidence ; I promise you it'll go no fur ther." "For your own sako, I trust not; it's a very ugly report, old boy." At these words Sybil rose to hia feet, fearing what he guessed when he had heard thai. Liscombe waB delirious. Ad vancing slowly towards Roycroft he took him gently by the shoulder, gazing fear lessly into his eyes. "Does he-doea he "-hero he fal tered a little-" mention the name of Dugdale, accusing me of-of-" Ho sauk into a chair, the vrords refus ing to come. Koycroft stood over him, wondering what it all meant. 