N|i<. peqrg Wegtsla^d. For eighteen years Mr. Tionry Westlancl has been one of the leading members of Mr. J. L. Toole's com pany, and as the stage manager of that popular como dian, Mr. Westland has idled an important position with credit to himself and with satisfaction to those about him. Mr. "Westland has bo?n thirty years in the dramatic profession, having made his first appearance when only a lad of sixteen years of age at the Soho, now the Hoyalty Thoatre, London. Mr. Westland was born in London in 1844, and was intended to be a mu sician. But much against the wishes of his father he decided on becoming an actor, and on gaining the engagement above alluded to shewed what ability ho possessed in playing Grumpy in the Quiet Family. Mr. Westland was rather more fortunate than the majority of young actors, as his salary was five shillings over the regulation " pound a week," and he had good parts from the first, But on the twenty-five shillings a week he had to keep himself, and provide whatever wardrobe was required for the characters he sustained. It is not surprising to find that occasionally he felt himself pinched for want of funds. In 1861-2 8 Mr. Westland was one of a stock company at the Theatre Royal' Dublin, and while hero had the advantage of studying the methods of sueli clever actors and actresses as the late John Drew -the best Irish comedian of his timo —the late G. V. Brooke, Charles Matthews, Mr. aud Mrs. Frank Matthews, John Brougham, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Wigan, Mr, and Mrs. Barney Williams, Mr. and Mrs, W. J. Florence, and Charles Kcan. Two years later at the Theatre Royal, Brighton, he met the late Mr. Buckstonc, Mr. and Mrs, George Rignolil and Mr. Charles Warner, when friendships wore formed that have remained unbroken to this day. Accepting an engagement from the late Charles Foohtuv in 1860 he subsequently passed a short season at the Haymarket, and the same year was engaged by Mr. Sefton Parry for the new Holborn Theatre, where lie was associated with tho original production of The Flying Scud. At this thoatro Mr. Westland had tho unpleasant expori ouco of being nearly blown up in a gas explosion under the stago, which happened while the company were playing Family Jars. The stage rooked to and fro us if shaken by an earthquake, and tongues of (lumo burst out in several dilforont directions. The audience rose .in terror, but aooiug the actors go about tlioir work as if nothing untoward had happened, aud a gas explosion woro tho most natural thing in tho world, tho frightened beholders of this unusual scene one by ono sat down again, astonished at tho display of so much ouoluoss. The actors felt a good donl of in ward perturbation, but an hour or two afterwards tho accident was forgotten in the amusemont of recalling a montal plcburo of tho rooking stage, with tho furni ture tumbling about everywhere. At the Holborn Thoatro—now built over—Mr. AVostluud supported Miss Fanny Josophs in tho original cast of Blow for Blow. Afbor various ongugomonts, Mr. Westland passod to tlio now Globe Theatre, where lie opened in Not Sueli a Fool as he Looks, the author, tho late IT, J. Byron, playing tho principal part. Of this olovur humourist, whom ho also supported somo yours after wards, Mr, AVostlaud tells some au.uslug anecdotes. Byron, among other eh arue tori sties, hated to bo lloniKccl, and to bo tho cynosure of a orowd gave him almost as muali pain and annoyauce as rtu attack of rheumatics, Ouco, while playing at the Crystal Pal ace, whore tho audiouaos make it part of their business to remain aftor the porCoinmuco to watch tho actors go out of tho theatre, Byron, rather than run the gauntlot of so-muoh staring, rushed along a passage and jumped out of a window into tho street, At a dross rehearsal of A Fool aul His Monoy, the night boforo tho perform ance, Byron, sitting in tho stalls, waltod for the drop suouo to l'lso on tho second act. Tho interval had been abnormally long, and tlio patience of the few pooplo soattorod about the stalls was bogluuing to wear out .when tho noise was hoard of a saw at work-behind tho scenes. C| What's that for, Byron I" dumaudud a L'rloud " .1 couldn't say, roully," replied- the author, laconically " I suppose they aro cutting out the soeoad act," It was at tho Globe Theatre thut Mr, AVostlaud mot Mr. Jolm, BUUngton, who,afterwards baotttao his,follow worker lu Mr. Toole's company. Dion Bouoioaulb sought out Mr. Westland and engaged him for the Prinoess iTheatre, where he met, the late Benjamin. Webster.. Jn 3872'Mr. Arthur Garner, now of the Australian firm' of Messrs. Williamson and Garner, engaged a company, among'them the subject of this sketch, who travelled with this combination for twelve months, until Mr. John Hollingsliead singled him out to support Mr. J. L. Toole oh a tour. Subsequently Mr. Garner re-engaged Mr! Westland for the Amphi theatre, Liverpool, where he had the honor of playing • the-Ghost to Barry Sullivan's Hamlet. He also nearly put the-great.nian's eye out during the performance, for the Gliost, intent on doing the old-fashiened heavy business in beckoning with the sword, thrust his weapon so near Hamlet's face that it grazed his nose, and almost touched his eye. Strange to say, Barry Sullivan never lost his temper over the incident, only exclaiming, in deprecation of the other's apology, " I know you couldn't help it. my boy. It's alright. But don't do* that stupid old-fashioned business again." This business, although favored by Kean, was regarded as clumsy,- and Mr. .lames Catlicart (now of the Bijou Theatre, Melbourne), had advised Mr. W estland not to do it, but, in his nervousness, the young man had forgotten; In 3872 Mr. Westland joined Mr. Toole's company, with whom ho has remained ever since, travelling with them to the United States in 1871. In his position as stage manager Mr. Westland lias occasionally had to rush from London to Manchester, rehearse a company • in three act comedy and farce, see that the requisite scenery is ready, and then hurry back to London to play at night. Tho same oxperionco was of frequent occurrence from Dublin to Belfast and from Edinburgh to Dundee, During tho thirty years Mr. Westland has bten travelling lie has mover met with an accident. The only time he was in any great peril was when ho was returning by tho Cuba from America to England, in advance of Mr. Toole, to propare the wayfor another London season. The Ouba—one of the Cuuard line— was caught by a hurricane, and during the threo days aud nights the storm lasted was almost battered to pieces. Everything was thrown overboard that could aid in lightening the ship, and tho sailors, trying to get through their work, had to bo lashed together so as to give strength to each other. Tho deok was flooded with water, and none of the passengers dared to veuturo. above tho companion ladder, the prevailing feeling being that tho Ouba could never make land, save by a miraolo. By skilful navigation, tho Captain brought her into port, seven days after time, but she had re oeived such knocking about that nover again has this boat crossed tho Atlantic. His leisure moments Mr. Westland devotes to angling with a rod and lino, and during his sojourn in Aus tralia has spent many pleasant days at his favourite pastime. Ho considers tho Auckland Harbour to bo the best ilshing-ground in Australia, and while in that oity made au oxoursion with tho Auckland Fishing Olub whioh mustered tho day of tho outing, forty people, in cluding'ladies, gentlemen and children. The after noon's sport resulted in a catch of one thousand and seven sohhappor, tho larger portion of whioh was given to tho hospitals, At a farowoll Ashing excursion given in Mr, Wostland's honour, tho oatoh amounted to flvo hundred Ash, so that, according to this statemont, Auck land can certainly provido good sport, Mr, Westland, on leaving Melbourno, proceeds with Mr. Toole and his company to Adolaido to play a short season of seven nights, having that city by the Vic toria oti February 18-for Colombo, whore tlioy give a performance of A Fool and I-Iis Money, resinning their journey to England almost immediately, Captain and Mrs, Collins returned from their Tus. manian holiday-on Thursday, January 20, by tho Googoe. . . ■ Dip H. J. Turner aud Major Hammond woro amongst tho passengers for Tasmania by (ho Flinders on Friday January lit). " ' • , 