A Champion Yarn. Here is a rat and oyster story With an im portant bearing on the question, ," Do the inferior animals think ?" It is told by a knight of the oyster-knife, operatine more than a hundred miles from Inverc:rgill. It seems that several open barrels of oysters in sea water are kept in the cellar. of. his pre mises, arid he has been'much troubled lately with the depredations of rats. One aged rat, as bie as a kitten, Was a particularly accom plished oyster thief.. He would sit on the e(dge of the barrel and drop his tail 'into the water until a gaping oyster seized it. Then he would haul out that mollusc, and take him to a corner; and, presently, when the oyster wasn't t' inking and did another yawn, the rat would release his tail and go back to the barrel. He would thus accumulate a row of oysters, who would die a slow death by star vation, and as soon as they had given up the ghost'and opened their shells, the rat would go and have a right royal feed. Here the reader is allowed to pause and draw breath. Well, it would appear that after a while the oysters got tired of the sport. They no doubt considered that at four shillings a score they couldnh't afford to be wasted on a mere grey whiskered old rat. So last Tuesday mor~ning the manager of the saloon heard a #ightful squalling .in his cellar, inu then a low gurgling moan, f~e 'went down and dis covered the Venerable rodent in the agonies of drowning. It was evident that he had dipped his tail into the briny liquid, as before mentioned, this time with surprising results. For the oysters had evidently held a consultation, and instead of one of. them grasping hold of the seductive morsel as usual, a whole half-dozen clipped on in a cluster, and then began to. hat.l away like sailors, at a hawser, They had got their enemy under watel, and they held him there until 'he was effectually drowned. They then let go with three cheers, that were taken up by all the oysters in the barrel, and-and at this point my informant left and came upstairs. Which is a very surprising story, and reveals a degree of strategical ability on the part of the common or native oyster never previously suspected. 