JEail ^cui0. OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. ITroni our Suac-ial Corresnondent.1 London. November 6. There will be large gatheriugs of antipa deans at- the Colonial Institute on December S and January 12. On the first-nanied osea Biou Sir Edivard Braddon promises with his paper, *' Australasia : a vindication,' to deal effectually with recent irresponsible critics of Greater Britain; whilst on January 12 Pro fessor Audersou Sniart will discourse on 4i Uui Mi-* K. Price Williams, M.I.C.E., leaves for Adelaide ia the Britannia on business connected srith the completion of the Transcontinental railwav to Pine Creek. Mr. 'and Mrs. Alfred Simnis have returned to toN-n after a visit to Chipstow, the Wye, South Wales, Peterborough, and Market Deeping-. They go north next week. Mr. Meldrum, whose indisposition was referred to at the Bank of South Australia meeting on Wednesday, is not really very ill, but his heart is weak, and the doctor forbida excitement of any sorb. If he came to the meeting lie knew he should be impelled to speak, and that would be bad, even dangerous lor him. Mr. Herbert Lloyd, son oi Sir. Edward Iiloyd, of Idoj/d's News and the Daily Chronicle, starts on an extended tour of the Australian colonies in the coarse of the present month. Mr. Hirst, who offered such practical proof oi his ueiier in tne rutureprosparicy oi me Bank of South Australia at Wednesday's meet ing, is blind, and modulates his voice in extra ordinary fashion. At one moment it rose to a iiigh falsetto, at another falling to a level monotone very difficult to catch. The sub stance was, however, excellent, and coming from a known expert greatly cheered and heartened tip the shareholders. Mr. W. A. McArthur and Mr. Geo. JVIcArthur sail for Australia by the Massilia on the 26th, Mrs. and Miss Kauffman are booked to Adelaide, and Mr. and Mrs. Murray-Smith and family to Melbourne by the same vessel. Mr. C. E. and Lady Morgan hare decided to leave for Adelaide by the Britannia, joining the vessel at Brindisi about the 20th. Mr. and Mrs. Harrold also go by the Britannia, and other Adelaide passengers include Mrs. E. P. Anderson, Mrs. Boyle, Mrs. Benton. and Mrs. Skene. 3Tew vessels leaving the port of London during the present decade have aroused more sailed this morning in a veritable hurly-burly of excitement, the crowd of passengers and ' passengers' friends rendering the vessel for an hour or so an inferno. You must be sure vrhen the Ophir arrives to ascertain how all the various patent apparatuses have answered. The ventilation arrangement is perhaps the most important, for, if it answers expectations the most susceptible to heat need no longer fear the tropics. An expert criticising the Ophir in a lengthy letter to Fairplay says : — ' At first there was some little anxiety to sea whether the saloon and cabins would be cool when the ship -was lander full steam. ; for it may be said f at once that the engines (boilers) and the pas- I sengers have the best portion of the great ship allotted to them— that is, amidships. Much to the satisfaction of all it was found that the unique system of ventilation, coupled with the high and airy situation of the pas senger aecormnodation, rendered the tem perature delightfully cool I hear that during a preliminary trip the water which actuates the hydraulic steering gear (Brown's) was pur posely allowed to escape in order to try steering the huge vessel up the Clyde by means of her twin-screws alone, which was successfully done.' In the ship of the future this writer predicts electricity will replacs -steam. 'I should not like to cause a pang or painful spasm to the new-unionists, but I can discern a glimmering of the future when a beautiful bright little engine, officered by half-a-dozen intelligent chemical and electrical experts, will take the place of the coal demou and his accompanying dirt and heat and bar barism ; days when the pitch of the screw will not lie set at random, and when smoke issuing- from the funnel will be reckoned equivalent to professional disgrace.' It will be remembered that at the last meet ing of the South Australian Petroleum Fields Company Mr. Pearson offered to lend the company certain moneys required for the purchase of the Burmah property. On Wed nesday he met the shareholders to confess his inability to keep this pledge and to propose a scheme' for raising the necessary spin. After hearing Mr. Pearson and some discussion it was unanimously decided that the directors be authorised to issue £7,500 first mortgage deben tures bearing interest at 10 per cent, for the purpose of completing the purchase of the Burmah property, and as a bonus for the amount subscribed that two shares be trans ferred to each of the subscribers for every £1 subscribed, such shaves to be a portion of those deposited by Mr. Pearson, and that such debentures shall be first offered' to the existing shareholders pro rata, any balance not sub scribed by the shareholders to be disposed of as the directors may deem fit. A formal meeting of the Kangarilla Com pany was held on Wednesday for the purpose of confirming certain resolutions altering the the extraordinary general meeting held on the 19th idt. The Chairman then said that since their last meeting, which was held on the 19th October, the directors had received information of the first sale, amounting to over £900 worth of concentrated ore. These sales would be continued monthly, and he hoped that each month the sales would become larger and larger. A great deal of sensational nonsense has, no doubt, been cabled to Australia during this last week concerning the Armstrong divorce suit. The plain truth is said to be as follows : — -When Mr. Armstrong came from Australia Madame Melba made a desperate attempt to live with him. His tastes and habits were en tirely antipathetic to hers. Still she tried, as she explains, to be nice, and for a short time II f e ran fairly smoothly with the reunited couple. When, however, the novelty of being a great prima donna's husband wore off Armstrong constantly, she alleges, ill-treated her. Poor Melba endured it as long as she could, hating the fuss and scandal of legal proceed ings. But seven or eight weeks ago things came to a crisis, and Mrs. Armstrong instructed Malleson & Malleson, her solicitors, to file a petition for judicial separation on the ground of cruelty. Armstrong has retaliated with a petition, for divorce, making the Dake of Orleans co-respondent. This is really, Melba?s friends say, a piece of the merest brag. They know the 'truth about the duke. In pure selfish thoughtlessness he compromised her abomin ably in ijublic There, however, the matter ended. Armstrong knows— nobody better — that he has not the ghost of a chance of proving adultery. Melba is a passionless woman, vrrapt up in her art. All her life, all her energy- all her all are in it. The young duke's adoring admiration tickled her vanity at first. He followed her about everywhere, listening to her lovely voice with hungry ears, and snapping up greedily any kindly word she threw at him. Most prima donnas are troubled with a follower or followers of this description. If the young man bad not fceen the Duke of Orleans no one would have noticed him. At Vienna madam received the duke at her hotel occasionally, and let him escort her once to the opera when she was not playing. This evening's entertainment was a serious indiscretion from an Austrian point of 'view, and led to scandaL The Imperial family formed the worst conclusions on seeing the pair together in public, and it is alleged that when they came to the front of the duke's box the ladies of the court circle withdrew. When Meiba learnt the significance placed on this incident she was greatly annoyed, and Upon the duke following her to St. Petersburg she got the Czar to intervene and order him off. The young man seemed bent, however, on playing the fool, and presently actually ventured to Paris to see and hear the prima donna. Theabsurdest stories were current at this time. One paper declarad the duke was in Melba's house disguised as butler; another that she had concealed him in her boudoir. fThen, however, the police actually did pay anadame a domiciliary visit they found not an indication of his royal highness having been there. The sole suspicious fact was that Melba declined to say whether she had or had not seen her friend in Paris. Arm strong has had two detectives and a solicitor rummaging in Vienna for the last fortnight, but -without much result. The allegation in the petition is that Melba committed adultery with the Duke of Orleans in Sachzer's Hotel, 'Vienna, on February 20, the latter figuring as 3iL de Villiers. The proprietor, -according to Armstrong, admits Melba came there, but blandly denies she was accompanied by the Orleanifit prince. The Duke of Orleans was vrarned 10 days or more ago that an attempt was about to be made to serve him with a cita tion as co-respondent in the divorce suit, and his servants have been on the alert for sue picious strangers. At St. Jbhann, in Moravia, where the prmce was staying with Baron Hirsch, several stratagems were tried fruit lessly. On Wednesday morning, however, as he* arrived at Vienna, his royal highness got neatly caught. Two gentlemen in evening dress asked leave to present a bouquet anS a petition as the duke stepped from the railway carriage. He handed the flowers to a secretary, and opened the petition, which was neatly tied with ribbon. No sooner, however, did *' Victoria, by the grace of God.' reach his eye. than he realised what had happened, and fliiicing the papers from him, cursed the rapidly-retreating form of the process-server *vitb 'fluency. It subsequently transpired Armstrong claims £20,000 damages. Melba's fate now. to a great extent, depends on the reality of her royal friend's friendship. If he fn:bu:ii& hinsself to the ordeal of tha witness Lot. all will be well. If, however, hw royal liigtji-.ess is too b./.y or too proud to d ? so the jury will almost certainly charitably assume the worst. A gossip reminds me that it was in conse quence of a breach of -etiquette At a State con cert that the duke was obliged to Ikub 8b. Petersburg. After Melba sang- the prince was so enraptured tiiftb he Ic-d the applause in stead of waiting for the Czar to do so. His Majesty ordered hint out of the room forth with, but lie ignored the Imperial message till one of the grand duchesses cause and implored him not to make a scandal. Kext day he was requested to leave Kiissia. la the Italian Opera Company at present in London are many artistes who know Slelba and sympathise with her in her present trouble. None of them fora moment believe her to have been guilty of anything worse than indiscretion in her friend ship for Prince Louis. An absurd story ap peared in souie of last evening's papers to the effect that the trial would take place in Mel bourne. Needless to say, as proceedings have been commenced iu the English Courts in the English Courts the case will be tried. On dit in Vienna ti:at the Duke of Orleans is intensely cbagrined_ at having been successfully served with a citation. His scheme was to avoid service indefinitely, and thus render Arm strong's^ malice abortive. Now the prince is en the horns of a dilemma, and either horn i! cans scandal. The affairs of ~Mr. Christie Murray occupied the official receiver for a short time yesterday. Mr. Murray's creditors were called to consider how the estate should be dealt with. Only two, however, put in an appearance, and it soon became evident that the petitioning creditor, represented by Mr. llegg, waa practically the only actor ia the matter. Mr. Murray, who appeared disinclined to afford this worthy much satisfaction, said he had no banking account except his pocket, and his unfinished stories were merely the literary chips an author collected about him, and quite valueless. 'Ned's Chum' had been per formed at the Globe in order that it might ba geen and judged. If bankruptcy proceedings had not been taken against nun the piece might have been made a valuable property. Mr. Murray finally wrathfuUy explained that these proceedings were a speculation on the part of the petitioning creditor's solicitors, who had purchased the debt for £5. He had seen the transfer, and he considered it a disgraceful transaction. The official receiver didn't think they could go into that. Mr. W. Alexander Colyer, appearing for Mr. Murray, assured Sir. Flegg that the whole transaction should be carefully examined into at the public ex amination. The official receiver then formally observed that no offer having- been niade the estate inust be wound up in bankruptcy. 