EDLEEN VAUCHAN ; OR PATHS OF PERIL BY CARMEN SYLVA (Heu MajRSTT the Queen of Roumanta), Author of The Witch's Citadel, Legends op the Carpathians, Thoughts op a Queen. Roumanian Fairy Tales, Out op Two Worlds, &a; All Rights Reserved. Chapter xvii.— (Continued.) Tho news of tho disaster affected no one so deeply as Llewellyn. He could hardly control himself as he stood bofore the ruins of the little liomeatead and of her who had onco been Temoiah. and who knew him as little as anyone else. She smiled, and sang, and washed, end hung her linen out to dry ; and when fatigue overcame her, alio lay down on her mother a grave and covered herself with loaves. nice here ! — nice aud warm ! A nice warm bed 1 she would say. Kathleen was in a state of roiml verging on inanity. She hardly ever spoke, for fear of I betraying herself as she had done on that first day. What Vaughnn thought of her he kept to | himself, and only thanked God that be had placed his children in safe keeping. He went over to the vicarage as often as he found time, for he could hardly bear to be at home. It rent his heart to see his adored wife slowly fading, to lock a horrible suspicion in his breast and behave to Kathleen as if be did not think her a criminal. She shrank from him as from a judge, and cursed Ulla bitteriy for having played upon her jealousy and suggested the idea to her that she should go and look at Tom's child. How she would have shuddered, had she seen XJlla searching the ruins of the cottage one moonlit night ! UHa socghc after a particular kind of ashes, and when she found a tiny bone among them, she grinned with unholy delight. She held it up against the mooulight and examined it closely to find out to what limb it had belonged. She also discovered a tiny, half burned fragment of a small skull; thoso were precious troves, and they quickly disappeared in her bosom. "The child wasdestined for my prey, I always knew that. Ashes! ashes! Ay, ay, thou wouldst not abandon it to me. So I sent the little demon and poisoned her heart, knowing what she would da She will also fall my prey. She will soon be ripe. She will soon succumb to my power. A little more patience, a very little more patience ! As surely as the sand runs, the river rolls, the ea has ebb and flow, so surely wilt the little demon who knows to hate bo well, fall my prey. She must only forget her love first. Ay, ay, little witch, soon, soon, soon, when thou seest thyself cast out and contemned, thou wilt come to ine as surely as the river rolls, the sea ebbs and flows, the moon changes, and the autumn foliage falls 1 And then I will cnslavo thee, turtuze thee, madden thee, make thee a scourge to all man kind. Ay, ay, ay, the wind cuts, the frcst chills, the fire purifies. The wind shall lash thee, the frost nip thee, the fire cleanse thee, thy body and soul shall be racked, till thou art ripe, ana sly, and strong, and I can leave my realm to thee, little witch !" Thus murmured Ulla to herself while she gathered the ashes in her hollow hand- and blew away what did not seem to belong to the remains of the child. Kathleen wandered restlessly about her room of nights and through the forests by uay. 41 Oh, that I had only confessed at once,! she mooned. 44 But as I was silent then, I dare not speak now, or they will accuse 'me of arson. Who knows what they think of me ? If Tom has seen the cross I am lost ; then he will feel convinced of my guilt. And Vaugbaw. Yanghan. How he looks at me, how he treats me. I laughed at him the day. he spoke tome about Tom ; he bos not forgotten that He thinks I have done that deed. , Ah me/nh me, how., wretched I feel. I have not deserved that for all my wicked -thoughts. Oh, why did I'not'turn.back when I grew uneasy? but I thought Temorah would be there. Temorah alone ! What could she have dono to quench that fire? ub, what indeed?". Thus her thoughts whirled incessantly around one point. Always tho some thoughts,' always the same. There was no escaping from them. Then she mused that she could never become honest Morgan's wife now, with her heavy con science and tliat terrible suspicion upon her, and she grew still sadder. She fancied herself leading a peaceful life at his side, as his loved and honored wife. 44 Over 1 over !" she wailed. If she had only had a human being to whom she could, have unburdened her heart. But an ungovernable dread kept her aloof from every one, joined to the secret conviction tbfct her story would not be believed. She roamed about the autumn seared country, along the sea shore, past the copper green lakes, up to the so-called Devil's-bridge that bangs between perpendicular rocks abovo a rushing torrent, and does not look aa if it had been built by mortal hands. There she leant over, and thought of springing dowu into the cold, turbu lent depth below. But her young body shrank from death and she wandered on again. One evening she perceived thatslie could not get home before nightfall, unless she forded the river, as thero was no bridge across it which she could have reached iu time. Slie unhesitatingly pulled off her shoes and stockings, and was about to step into the water, .when she felt her self grasped by two strong bands and lifted from the ground. "Stop a bit, my girl," said Tom's voice. 44 We've got a little matter to settle between us." 41 Let mo go 1 let me go 1 "screamed Kathleen. 44 1 won't be kept ; let mo go ! I'll have nothiug to do with you ! " 41 But I have something to do with you, my girl, as you shall see directly." He quiokly bore her to a cavern near the lonely bank ; there in the damp, dense darkness, he flung her upon the ground and set his knee on her chest. > 44 Now then, sweetheart! Prepare for sen tence! Come, make a clean, breast of it! Con fess your crime 1" 44 What would you 'do ? Let me go ! Tom, Tom. I conjure you by all.I have dono for you, let me go 1 What would you do ? Tom, let me Ro!" Be laid tus nana on ncr turoat. 44 If you value your life, confess that you set Temorah'o cottage on fire." 44 No, no, no, cried Kathleen, 44 1 did hot!" She had sufficient presence of mind to tell her self that an unprincipled man like Tom, would not hesitate to bring her to the gallows. . He tightened hU grasp upon her tluoat. 44 1 will know tho truth," he said, ooolly, "and I shall know it." ." What shall you know when you have killed me/' murmured Kathleen. Ho waited a while, gazing Bteadily at the white but resolute faco before bim. Then he asked once more : 44 Did you act Tcmorah's cottage on fire? " 44 No, no, no, I did not ! " 44 If fear cannot extort the truth from you, love will/' hissed Tom, and tkeu Kathleen knew sLe was lost. About the same titao, Lewes was sitting alone by his lamp, a letter from Rdleen before him, in whioh she entreated bim to procure her money. She had none left. She enclosed a tetter from Tom, threatening to commit suicido or to join a gang of housebreakers if she did not help bim at once. Lowes sat with his bond bowed upon his hands, aud his emnoiatod fingers straying among the lank hair wliicu was tmtimug day bv day. His faco was furrowod an with yoars of sickness, his glance lustreless, his gait uncertain. Owon had been greatly dis tressed to noto these changes in liis excellent friend and often disoussed his failing health with their omployer. But Lewes was always tho same faultless man of business, truo to his duty aud clor headed, foreseeing and improving : overy opportunity of increasing Vaughan's wealth. But the thoughts which racked the head clerk's brain were only tho bitterer for tliis. What was tho use of so much opulence? Edieen was pining to her grave ; ho had scon that the Inst time he was with her. He Lad attempted to bog Vaughan to make some provision for Tom, but on this point Vaughan was iucxornble ; he could not bear to hear Tom's liamo or liia utter destitution mentioned. On such occasions his eyes would glitter like steel, his voico would grow harxh and inoisive, and all his love for Edlccn was powerless to soften him, but rather increased his hatred against tho author of hor sufferings. She was obliged to beg money of hiiu now and then in order to ludo tho faofc of her Bcciet xesourocs, which Tom's continued extravagance might otherwise hare led him to suspect. Edieen was so agitated every time she had to beg for her prodigal son, that she was obliged to keep her bed beiore and after the ordeal ; for Vaughan could no loi ger restrain himself, even in Edleen's presence, whenever the unwelcome topic was resumed. Lewe> had witnessed one of these scenes; it had been a torture to bim, and ho felt as if he dared not place that lovely woman in so dis tressful a situation again. He sat there all night, only walking up and down now and then with noiseless steps, afraid of waking anyone in the house, and then dropping into Lis chair again. " Truly, I love that woman better than my own self — better than ray honor even 1 I mean to do what will make a criminal of me, and I know what it is than I do. I do it in cold blood, for I am perfectly cool ; my heart does not even beat faster. Perhaps the Lord 'will forgive me in His mercy, on account of my great, great lore." The plan he Lad formed horiified him. .He shuddered to think he should have been capable of conceiving such an idea. Again his trans parent hands pushed the thin hair from - his temples ; a pale flush suffused his wrinkled brow and the white marks his convulsive fingers had left upon him 44 1 am a lost man, a lost man ! I am no better than—. And if I do that, how long will it remain concealed ? How long ? Oh, if the dis covery is only delayed so long as she lives, it will be all the same what becomes of me after wards. She shall have money, poor woman ! I will procure her money that she can die iu peace,-... ... Why is he so blind? What hatm would it do him to sacrifice a hundredth, a thirtieth, n tenth part of his fortune to secure her peace ? But no ! There he stands, great, strong, irreproachable, feared, with his extensive schemes. What good - will they do him when he kucels before her coffin ? And. a poor man like me goes toper .. ditiou for her sake! Which of us loves her ; better, he or I? Which ? If I do this, I love her better. Ay, my haughty master, your love is ; inferior to that of the servant whom you will - despise, dismiss and prosecute without pity, without remorse, without giving a thought to . the motive of bis actions. And all my long, houest, . faultless career will be dust and asLes like the stones he thinks real to-day and that are but so much rabbish. Hitherto I only changed Btouea ; now it is my own turn to change ; now I shall be worthless myself. Tbey . will still think me real for a little wLilc, but then they will cast me out like a bad.shanl, and . crush me under foot to prove that I had nc er been real And yet I was true and honest as few men are, skilful too, and now my very skill roust .suggest a . disgusting expedient to me. What has that woman made of me with her eyes ; Ah, but when I have become a criminal through her fault, £Aen I will tell her at last. 4 For you ! To serve you ! Out of love for you 1 . Fool, fool that I am ! She will listen to me with a look of pity, and say:. 4-Wellthen, love ray poor child, too!' That is all she will say with her gentle voice. I know. her. Don't I know - ber?" He laughed out aloud. " She will sav : 4 1 am dvinv : do not forsake - ray child !' -And then I can answer, 4 1 will join his gang !' That is the answer I can make her. No, ehe shall not know how I find her the - money. She shall nuver know, or else she will end with despising me for what she herself has driven me to. .Besides, what does it matter? I shall go to the devil, > and there's an end of it, : Tho firm will not be any. the .worse for it. I take - so little. So small a loss- is of no consequence ; it will be a long time before they notice it at all. ; And whcn.the discovery is made .she will be in ' hor grave and ray lito will be of.noiraportance to 1 anyone. . Owen,- old friend,- how it will grieve you ! how you will blamo and despise me ! But you have not- loved this woman ; you do not know what it is to lovo Edieen Vaughan, Owon, old Owen ! Such lovo.is a. strength and a weak ness of which you have no idea I" Ho took up his pen to write a business letter. Great drops of perspiration stood on his fore '' head; ho. tore wnat lie had written in littlo pieces and burnt them with nervous care. " Strange ! I cannot manage it. There roust bo soruo formula by which one sells one's kou! to tLo devil, and which silences one's conscience. " He walked to and fro a whilo ; .when he sat ; down again and wrote another similar lotter, but to a different address. He destroyed it as carefully as the first, but with less agitation. On his third attempt he seemed to have gruwn accustomed to tho sightof his own handwritiug. He read the letter over ami over again—read it during a whole hour, shurt as it was. Onco he soUed the sheet as if ho would tear it up again ; but then his eyes fell on Edlucn's despairing linos, and he refrained. Ho folded the letter, unfolded and perused it onco more, but finally slipped it into anenvolope and wrote tho address. And now tho letter lay beforn him, looking exactly like tho other letters whioh littoied his desk. But Lewes did not look as he had looked on the previous day ; the dim dawn stole through the London fog and showed him aged, and white, and weary, like a spectre, like his own ghost risen from the grave. Chapter XVIII. — From the Abyss. The same dawn shone rosy upon the river bank, throwing Us bright reflections far into the ahndy cavern, where Kathleen lay on tho sand liko a broken, torn, and trampled flower, from which all life and frngrnnco have passed, of which none will know hcuceforwnrd how fair ami proud a flower it bos been. Hor long lashos cast dark shadows on her livid cheeks ; her lips quiver from timo to time as a dry leaf moves in the summer air ; her arms lay nervelessly oxtended, her hands lightly clasping each other ; her dishevelled black hair was grey with dust ; Ler ..breathing so low as though slio wore dying. Tom had walked off whistling, spurning her with Lis foot and calling hor 44 murderess" closo to her car. But she had not moved a musolo or . breathed a sound as ho stalked away through the magnificent morning landscape to refresh Limselt with a bath and a few hours of sound sleop before he entered his mother's presence, tender, gentle, smoothing her cushions, covering up hor foot, giving her food with a little spoou to spare her weak hands the exertion of moving. : Once she Inquired after Kathleen. 44 Oh," said Tom, gaily, "Kathleen is madly iu love with ine. She doesn't think of an> tiling elae, poor little thing. A pity I can't marry her." And thoa they turned to other topics. Kathleen lay aa still as a corpse, whilo hour after hour went by. Onco she tried to raiso herself on her arm, but sho fell hack upon her ' dusty couch again, and moved her parched, thirsty lips. It was a wonder she did not die, ; at least it seemed so to her ; and what could sho do but die ? Why had Tom uot killed her? Ho. had como near doing so as it was, aud she would willingly have accepted death nt his hands. At last, towards evening, sho .raised herself by I desperate effort and left tho cavern with totter ' ing steps. Unconscious of what she did, she . I walked into tho river, hut, like many mountain I streams, it was not particularly deep, and flou'<ul I limpidly over its bed of bright pebbles. She | tried to lie down in it, but did uot possess ! sufficient strength of purpose to hold hor head \ under tho water, and so emerged from it again, ' dripping wet. She was obliged to ait down m tho bank and wring o.ut her hair. aud. clothes beforo sho could drag herself further in . her ; utter .exhaustion. Thou >hp crept along the rooks through the loneliest ravines, towards tl»« - ' troon, oopporish loko that would soon receive and comfort her for evor. It looked a beautiful and inviting goal when, with failing strength, sho rcnolicd it at last. She thought sho would glido in quite slowly and juiotly. Sho dropped down upon the margin >nd dipped her hare, soro little foot in tho beau tiful -.green water, looking listlessly at them without thinking. Sho wns not conscious of »ny further thoughts, only of a dim feeling that tho water was cool — cool and pleasant. Sho slipped further down till it reached licr waist. She put her arm round the stump nf a tree and slid still lower. Hor limbs grow cooler and cooler. Now her heart also felt cool — cool —cool — and then all was ovor. Tho moon roso above tho hills onoo moro to boo what people were about iu tho valley of tears down below, and sliono upon tho green lake, and upon n most beautiful group beside it. Llewellyn, with his silvery hoard, was seated near tho margin, holding a young girl on his knees, who appeared to bo dead ; for sho was as whito as a ooqiso and no breath stirred on licr lips. And yet tho philanthropist seemed to beliovc in tho possibility of restoring her to life; for ho was chafing hor limbs, pouring some drops from bis flask hotwocn licr sot tcctli, try ing to stimulate tlio action of her lungs, nnd watching hor. beautiful breast in tho moonlight, not with the admiration of au artist, but with the eager intcntncss of a physician, until at last a slight movement made him smile nnd fool for the. renewed pulsation which oauscd tho veins at lier throat to throb. Slowly tho black lashes wero raised, and Kathleen fixed a stony, absent look upon the foco that was kindly bending over and smiling at her. f'My poor child," said Llewellyn presently. This first word from a human lip broke the charm, and Kathleen almost screamed : " "What, I am still alive ?" Sho flung her arms across her face. " But I will not, I daro not !" Llewellyn watchod her quietly, and when ho saw her try to veil hor bosom — that first instinc tive gestuie which marks, with ovory female being from 3 to 80 years of age, tho . roturii of lifo and consciousness — he began to speak to her softly, liko tho murmuring of a brook, or the distant rustling of leaves. He told her that life was too precious to bo thrown away like this, even though it seemed unbear- nblo for the time. He persuaded her to drink n little from his flnsk, and whon Bhe finally hurst into a flood of toars ho suffered her to weep herself calm, and gently smoothed her damp liair. Presently she turned to him and told him all Tho old man listened in deep emotion, and wrapt tho mantle he had thrown about hor benumbed limbs more tightly round her, with alia parent's tenderness. She told him all and everything, and when she saw at last that he did not spurn her from him:iu horror, sho accepted a morsel of bread from him. Tho morning wns hienking when Kathleen fell asleep from sheer exhaustion. Llewellyn sat silently by her, considering where he ahould take her in her present state. The nearest human habitation in these parts was Martyn's house. If he could take her so far, she was euro of aid in tho caso of her probablo sickness. Ho saw tho surrounding hillB steep themselves in ruddy light, tho autumnal trees, still rich with golden foliage, tako a warmer hue, wliilo tho lake and its borders bolow still lay voilcd in deep bluo shadows. It was so lovely a daybreak that tho aged minstrel could not resist its charm. Ho had nevqr been capable of prolonged sadness, and. now he could not help smiling at sight of all tho splendor given to his viow. For several minutes ho did not perceive that Kathleen's gloomy eyes were fixed upon him with tho bitter queetion'in them : " How oan ho smile whilst I am dying with misery?" Then he became awaro of hor waking, nnd asked hor kindly wliot'hor sho felt strong enough to rfae. Sho stood up immediately. "Oh, yes," sho replied, gruffly and shortly. "I can walk now. ' Good-bye." "Nay, my child, we shall go together." "Where?" Her shrinking glance sought tho ground. \- " I know tlio right plaoe for sick people. Later on, when we aro sure of your health, we will take yon home." ' . i "Me? IVhero will you take me now?: Not toitho vicarage ? I have no business thero." : ' "No, cerlniuly inot to the vicarage. Trust yourself to my guidance; my child. i - "We will first scok a human habitation, where! you 'can change your clotheB, aud then smooth your way: soras to enable you to tread it." ,'M.know.but one person to go to— Ulla, tho witch;'! ..m " ',' Whoi" :! .v vi;: : , "Ullo.'tho witcb." : '' | 'r:: : it.- !' Is UUa still alive ?" , u ; .. " Oh, ycs.c.And sho is -just suoli an'other out- cast as I am. .That's tboright place foririo : tho cavern of the.witoh who poisons arid' . deludes human hearts' to > revenge herself on i mankind. : ycsplwill'gotohcr.": J , " So slic is alive fh \- "Yes. "Why does that surprise yonso?. Do yon know anything about hor?" "Oh, yes, being .so old as- 1 am I .have, seen much arid known many. ' But "you midst not go toflier; you must return' to your duty.'"- »;> f t'My duty'?" ' — '' ..."Ji , " What is Edloen'to do without you ?'V x'- " To die, as she is sura to do anyhow. " ' She will not die quickly;' nor yet easily." ' And I am to enter that house?" m : "I- shall prepo're it for your reception;" - - " Sooner than go there I 'will go intoi the wide world."- j; "" " i : ' : m;. " Indeed ! As what?"- I . i" As nothing lit all" ' ' Wo slinll soon renoh a : house' now; lot mo ' wrap -my, oloak.morc closely around yon, so as to hide your feet." Slowly and painfully the two passed on through tlio lovely autumn morning. Kathleen's eyes were fixed upon tho dust at her feet ; hor whito face seemed hardened with despair. She looked like a Medusa with her tangleu, black hair, and uever spoko a word. Saving a nuicido is always an' ungrateful enterprise ; for it is a difficult task to reconcile him to life afterwards, while he is siok witli shamo and vexed at having lost his chance of dying. All this tho sngc, who knew human hearts so woll, told himself as he walked on in profound silenco. Suddenly, at a turn in the road, a sweet, soft singing reached their ears, and they saw the valley with the ruins of ff'emorah's cottngo before them ; Temorah lior- solf wns pacing tho meadow, rooking a whito pillow in her srms nnd singing. Knthleeu stood rooted to the ground. "Take mo away," sho whispered, "take mo away fiom here." "Come, my child, pass on; the poor dead womnn over thero will not know us." \- " I cannot go past that place." Llewellyn aighed wearily nnd turned into a rather long by-way. Ilo thought Kathleen walked very slowly, nnd the girl fancied Jte must he tired, until at lost they reached the beautiful valley iu which Martyu's dwell ing stood. ""You do not mean to tako mo in hero ?"said Kathleen, knitting her brows. "'Yes, I do, my ohihl "Whoro can you ho better than with an excellent friend and a clover physician ? He will help us. " "Help us 1 Thai's what people call holp- ing !" . " All, yes, human aid is always imperfect and "eruel" Llewellyn knooked. The doctor's good- natured old cook came to the door and clasped licr bands in dismayed surprise at Kathleen's appearance. " Ploaso, good woman, let us have a warm bed and liot tea without loss of time.( Wo fell from tho rocks into tho .lako, and it is quito a miracle that we aro still alive. And wo hnvo not taken any food oither sinco the day before yesterday." The good old woman kept her thoughts to her self and asked no questions (a habit oho had acquired from her mastor), but did as sho was hidden. Mcanwliilo Llewellyn sat down by Martyn's bed and told him tho whole story, ask ing him what ought to bo done. " I'll think about it," said Martyn, .hurriedly dressing himself. Then lie went in to Kathloon, who was lying among tho whito pillows in a clean, white night dress of tho old cook's, hor black lashes and hair contrasting forcibly with lior livid pallor, iier bluo lips and nnils showing tho beginning effect of tlio cold water upon her, which would probably bring on a violent fover. Whon she recognised tho dootor, slio turned her faco to tho wall and lifted liar palo hand, ns if to motion him from the room; hut the poor limp hand fell wearily on tho white linen again, and Martyn took it gently in his as ho sat down at the bedside and Baid with his pleasant voice ; — " When death hns closed his door against one, ono must try and make fricuds again with lifo." No answer. "And whon one has done wroDg and harbored evil thoughts, ono must sometimes travel a long nnd weary way beforo ono can obtain pardon from ono's Bolf." " I have more than atoned for all," muttored Kathloon botwoon her sot tooth. " Yes, you are vory unfortunato ; but that is no reason why you should not live. There aro many unhappy people who go on living." " Oh, of course. And I can go begging. Ono can always do that ; for a girl without a charac ter is not likely to got a situation with obildrou or invalids. But then, I can sing a littlo ; I'll turn sti'oet singer ; tlmt'B also a way of living." "Do you imagine we should ho so careless of you ? Don't you think wo all fool it our duty to try and nmko up to you for tho wrong you liavo suffered ? " " Oh !" murmured Kathloon with an expres sion of such docp disgust, such infinite weari ness, ouoh hopeless despair, that it cut Martyn to tho soul. Ho had never liked hor, thinking her frivolous, and greatly disapproving of her flirting with Torn aud Morgan at the samo time, but now ho saw her so miserable, ho forgot his dislike. By and byo Kathleen's teeth began to chattor with a violent fit of ague, but she did not grow dolirious. Sho lay perfectly silent for foar of betraying licrsolf. Only thero was a continual feeling upon hor of falling from a rock and wading up to hor Bhonlders iu docp, blaok water, of boing pulled out by the liair, aud then falling back and wading on again. Sho grow to bo especially afraid of being pullod out, for that mado her head actio terribly every time, just as if thoy wero pulling out lier braiu. It wns a trying night, and her frionds did not quit her couch, not wishing to trust lier with strangors ill caso sho should grow dolirious. "When morning came, Bhe suddenly sat up in her bed. "Hark I "she said. "Hark! there lie is! there he is ! Don't lot him in, oh, don't let him in. There he fa again. Ah me, ah me, take ine away 1 " A fewmomcntB later thoy heard a stop on the gravel walk. Martyn looked out; it -really wob Tom. Martyn wont and stood, before his door. ""What do you want hero ?" "Why, to see you of oourso." " I am not at home for you ; I-sliall hover bo at home for you again, do you hoar ? AU I liavo to say to you is, that you had bettor: start for London : immediately and not show yoursolf about this country for some months atthe very .least.'" l " Must it be London? I oan go and stay with :my friend Llewellyn." ' "Llewellyn's door fa shut. against- you; lie would not bike you in. Go to London-and stay there. We don'twantyou hero." ; ."But what has occurred to- produce this fahange ? " I " Need I tell you what has ocourrcd ? Go, we know you no longor. Go wkero peoplo are igno'- rant of your character, or wliero you enn asso ciate with'.BCoundr'ols of y our own Btainp. " ; Martyn slammed tlio door bohind him, and returned to Kathleen, whom Llewellyn had not .'loft. Sho had listened with dilated ayes. Now fahe heaved a dcop sigh, lny back among! her pil lows, and sunk into a deep, peaceful sleep, i " Oli;" whispered Martyn. "That is woll .Sho'll'ho'all right to-morrow." 