The Parting of the : . Veil. t - I - -' CI"" "CHAPTER nr. e THE -MAN TOH A, EEMAUKJLBLE COUGH» - :--* 'No'w", Pinnie, we are going" to my little >home." If yon were a-young woman in .Tstead of-a great awkward boy, i you could k tgo tb my room and Bee all my artist > work.' ".-'.Grear, "big,-and awkward? said the ?lend« youth, * I thought I was not so large.* \- -Mka Lamont, .laughed.1 heartily, as Kñnie cast his eyes down upon his loose .. sleeves,- and undertook to 4 modulate ' his . Walk .to the graceful movement cf his " companion. . But her laugh was- hushed to EÜsnco as she realised that the boy had never jet had occasion, to penetrate-the depths of a joke. ' 4 We will take a cab,* said Helen. ?If it ia not too far. Miss Helen, I r. would like to walk.* . \- 'Oh yss, it is but a mile or two.' J »-I am sure it would no the'much to walk that,' mused th* youth, looking at . .the thousand objects afound.him with an unconscious interest. \- The young girl smiled, and her 6yes beamed as they rested upon thé strange boy. She had never seen a person so simple-mindad and innocent of the world. She thought to rouse .bim . to something like gaiety by her merry "manner and sprightly conversation. It was a failure. His -sober ayes sought hers in silence, without question. Hialeffort to conform his actions to her own was a trifle painful, but j in the matter of merriment he made no attempts. He had sean it in others the faculty may have been omitted in his .nature. In thir waik Pinnie told his story, little recking that its st"1» copter was to Sovs of profound and tragic initT^t to elsn Lamont. All that he could tell' waa that his parents had been lost at sea while he waa sn infant, and that he was saved by being picked'from the deck and tossed into a boat in. the midst of sailors. He had heard that he was a year old at the'rime. Where his infant life had been passed he never knew. His earliest re- collection was of a huge stone building, and of being taken through the streets therefrom by Leon Spanero. He had been told many times by Spanero, when angry, that ne hg¿ taken him from -*an orphan î-èîi when a brafc.?' jsveü his name waa unknown to him. Ko one had ever told him why he was i Pinnie-he bsd no other ».'ie-unless it -Were Spanero ; an¿ "panero had knocked hjm. dot» * ones for using that title on an "iccasicn where a second name seemed desirable. .And have yon never worked any- where else I* asked the gul, who had listened to th* story with great interest. .Ko, because Spanero always told me ?boat it. Sometimes he speaks to me kindly.' .Told you shout what? asked the young woman. .About how * cubs* 1were ¿worked to death as soon as possible to make way for new ones.' 1 And yon believed tais f said Helen, looking into his face in profound wonder. *He would knock me down if he thought I did not . believe what he1 told me.' 'And have you never talked with the other painters during all these yean? asked the astonished girl. I heard ons of the men say onco that Spanero told him that I waa a little daft once and had never recovered. I asked Spanero what he meant by .daft/ after- ward, and he flew st me with his knife. So I never asked again.' . Halen looked at the boy for a moment, and for an instant it occurred to her that possibly he was not of strong mind. But of all the toilers at the school, she had . found this boy the moat intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know more of him. Then Pinnie recalled her to the topic, * is it not true V . 'What, Pinnie?' ' That men killed boys by working them to death if they have no parents V' 'No,' said the -girlf' indignantly. 'Pinnie, did you really never have any one to love you V 'To what? he asked, with a curious look on his face. ' To lovs you-like youl' '*Oh,yes,' he said sadly, ' I think your pictures loves ms. I stay by them after you go at night.' . ' . The girl turned upon him ni the street, and a pallor spread , over her face-' followed by deep crimson flushes', even to her snowy neck. What did this childish tmlk mean-what iniquity had there been here that this mystery of life 'should ippsar i¿ th? veTy heart of a eily ? .PinnieT * * ' ? ' V .Yes, M isa Lamont.' But ahe did not continue. Waa it possible, after all, that the boy wa3 of nnsound mind % She changed the subject. And so they walked and talked until they reached the outskirts of the city. ' Pinnie,' shs said, ' I am doing all the talking-do you never chat V * No, I think not.' 1 ' But I knew there is a deep thought in you somewhere.'' Ho turned his eyes away, and slowly whispered, 'There may have been once, but I have lost it.' ' No, x*innie, it is not lost-it "is laid aside for all these years, and we will find it.' ' Miss Lamont.' the boy replied with a heavy heart, * I; sometimes think so. Rather the feeling is present* when I do not think.' Halen had seen a like expression on his face-once when he looked upon a painting of himself which she had quickly put on canvas for amusement. The in- tellectuality had been painfully magnified but from that picture Pinnie had caught an inspiration. She said nothing to him. He dropped the hand that he had taken and continued, speaking slowly and carefully * There are times when the dream-life yon have spoken of goes away, anda door .pens wide, and I see that I live in prison and when I want-to got out I-I-dare ¿are not.' Still she uttered not a word. She was not sure of her footing in'such depths. The dream of life of which she hid spoken ..was made up of pleasant; hopes playing kids and saek with the common facts of life. .Then I dare not-I-' " He hroke off, and began again. ? " : " 7 * I dare not step beyond- but I think, sometimes, very, very hard-of what, I hardly know.' ? . Still Helen kept silence-wise unto the moment. . ' I think of those who have Been and talked with the children, ¿nd the flowers, and the woods, which we paint. And I think that perhaps if I had seen the great sea, and the ships., and thé life you and others talk of- then Imight have thought -is that the sea, Miss Lamont. - Ia it ? That ia the sea.' He had lifted his eyes-and they rested opon the waters of the bay, in aight pf which they had come by the turning of a corner. They stopped. He stood motion- less and speechless, bçt>- with fixed stare and hands to bia eyes^ shut out the other world-and gazed upon the realms of waters-unconscious of her presence. (.h, sad awakening. In all the upheaval and overturnings of after life, when the electric * impnls . aroused fear, love or passion, Helen Lamont never felt such a thrilling sense, of profound sympathy," anger, surprise, and mystery as at thia discsvery cf human wrong. The - fscts revealed were still in the shadow-bufc ber soul revolted against the outlino-represent- ing the dwarf ago of this life. She atocd by him fora moment and caught her breath. * Pinnie, Pinnie. my poor boy. What does iï mean T sho cried. \- *Jt.Í3 the sea-th« groat rea !' Likp the evelaticns of i he lightning in the dak ness was the'sadden chango from sadness to'joy upon his face. . 'And -why- do .you say.: this V ; asked Helen, : suppressing! her. own feelings. . Of course it her breast there dawned a fuller conception of the awful crime against this waxen facëd youth. ... Finuie turned his face and plodded on, bent over »nd thoughtful. . He had gazed upon the ocean, and his; soul . was filled as with the realisation of a dream. " He waa unconscious of the girl by his side. She walked on deeply mystified. Atlast he spake to-her without lifting his head : 'And, Miss Lamont, this, is the green grass-and this is tho country of our paintings Y 'No, Finnie, this is net the country; see, hero are building« P 'A..few, so far apart/ he muttered, looking at the residences within the large suburban lots. ' And there are flowers net painted, are they Y And he leaned over a fence in transport to catch the rich perfume he had never known before. The time had coma when Helen could .bear this uncertainty no longor. She put her white hand on his arin, and said earnestly-'I do not understand you. Finnie. Do you moan that you - have never seen the sea before Y ' I have often heard of it. My life began on tfio sea-it^was roy birth place, I suppose.' . 'And you have not seen it for a long timeî' 'I never remember to have sean it.' 'Hoirl And lived in thia- city for years 1' * I have lived at the school,' Pinnie replied. ' And yon have not seen the flowers and the woods Y 'Oh, yes, indeed; I sae them every day-you knew,' said he, looking at her surprised. ' Then why have you not seen th« sea ¥ ' Ob,'he responded, with some Imita- tion. 'You mean these, th« living trees and floV?rs. I-I-have seen the-th« painted flower's T The tone and fo?k-out into the world before him-would bavs touched a stony heart with pity. To the malting heart of the lovely girl, herself battling for-life in the open world, in was crashing. Sh« wept. . The shadows of evening w«i« gathering about them, and no one was near. She had opened the door of a prison house, of the existence of which she was unconcioi*. and still to Sime sx í?9tnn^BTlng> l^^tf wisb^ffld 'Hmediate relief. Oh, of a man's sad want-this was the most touching she had ever known or dreamed. 3t was the star- vation of a soul. 4 Miss Lamont,' he said, af tar her tears wer« dried, 'I think .I know something of why you cry. But your life most he happy with all these richea !' .1 have no riches, child,' sh« replied. 'Theso are th« riches of others,' pointing, to the houses and gardens. * I have nothing but my hands and thoughts.' 1 Riches,' he muttered. ' I have sean the woods and flowers and tho sea-what are riches, Miss Helen, that others have and we do not Î Whera are they Y 'Içwnotteil yon now, Pingie, B»t ali these things that you are not ours.' * God does not give them away, I sup- pose,' Eaid the yoong man,' with the simplicity of a little child. 'Why, Pinnie, you must have read of these thing,' exclaimed the girl sud- denly. 5 No, I cannot read.' I * You ? You cannot read Y she asked in astonishment. ' No ma'am,'Pinnie answered, hanging his head. 'Ton never told me this. I would have taught you.' * I was going to. tell you. Are we near your home. Miss Lamont Y ' YtSj Pinnie, it is close by.' ' May I not rest here a little ? This is a great way. I did not know the miles were so long.' The boy sat down cn the edge of the paven-ent, under the oak trees which still remained of the primeval wood, within a few rois of the house whither they were going. He looked again upon the.ssa and the sea and the woods, over . which darkness was slowly gathering. The glory of the-scene swept over him with an incomprehensible power. He had seen irs beauty oft befare, set round with brick walls, but now, rising from the ; water with its sheeny banner trailing-over the broad waters, was a picture for which there was no language within his powers He was glorified, and spread-his arms over the vista, as if th« sublimity might tn some degree escape him. Truly, the granduer of the universe waa poured into his soul, and all the infinite possibilities of a ^Téterions natur« overwhelmed him He sank ¿67* uP°tt tho' walk, covered his face with hlá b»uds weP*» for what ha knew not. In the presence of this new and won- derful revelation to th« son! of the youth, Miss Lamont withdrew a distance-and witnessed that of which philosophy can furnish no counterpart-the «verpo wering sense of the majesty of God filling a soul for the fu-st time. But an end must come-and any descent from such heights of contempla- tion, on the part of either the enthralled youth or the silent witness, must be painful. She came to him, touched his arm, and said, ' Come, it is night ; we most go.' He rose mechanically-and walked by her side as an automatons He looked neither to the right hand nor the left, hut trudged on. They reached the gate. As he stood by to let her enter and lead the way, à long hollow cough startled his reverie.' Looking np he saw an aged, bene, thin, grey-haired man about to pass. With an unaccountable instinct, which is a part of oar better natara, th« old man. lifted his eye« to nod a passing recogni- tion-and immediately brought bis shamb- ling feet to a dead halt. He riveted a cold, grey, cunning pair of stony «yes on the youth, but not a muscio moved on his pallid, yet ashen face. The youth re- turned the steely stare with th« unflinch- ing look of innocence, of ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination in ' those livid features ? A sickly faintness cam« over him-he swayed to one side, and would have fallen had not th« old man with sudden energy grasped the youth with unnatural strength. Taking him. by both shoulders he gasped, with a house whisper, 'I have you now.' Helen, who had gone before to the door, shrieked at the Bight of this sudden assault, and rushed to the gateway. But the old man had fled, and Pinnie , lay upon the ground. Aa> the- apparition (cok wings in the gathering gloom, he left as the only legacy of mystery the excla- mation, ' My God, it ia not a ghost, not a vision I' and a hollow cough echoed back as he passed into the gloom. (To be continued.) Tho labor party in Sydney fear that the daily press will mangle the speeches of their representatives in Parliament. If the reports are not fair, a Herculean effort is to be made to establish a daily labor paper. By the way, the MIXER'S Parlia- mentary reports, telegraphed from Sydney, will be much more lengthy and attractive than hitherto. Eighteen photographic views of Broken Hill sent post free any where for 2i. 61. in stamps. W. C. Wight and Co., Argent street, Broken Hill.* FACTS.-If you want to boy in the cheapest market, follow your wife or mother ; they wilt guide you to A. E. Lichberg and Co.'s, where you can get drapery, grocery, crockery, and iron- mongery at such ridiculous prlcos that you cannot resist buying. Their motto is : Small profits end quick returns. A. Ii Lichberg and Co.'s Oxido-atreet, Bröken Hill.* The buüineßs hitherto carried on by the Palace Tailoring Company has been trans- ferred to Shierlaw'a, Árgent-stroat. + "The Bcachcombera," a story of the slave trade cf Queensland. Cheap edition ; illustrated. W. C. Wight and Co., oppo- site The itrtí UoyJa * 