"THE MY SURGEON." (adaptel from the Prenoh expressly for Iff* CLAXBXCB AND JtlCBMOKD EXA111XER) BT SEO. S. MOKiua. CHAPTER VI. THE hysterical convulsions into which Mies Morp had folien, for some considerable timo whe diverted Mr. Bnraham's thoughts from every otl subject ; but when the poor girl had to some est recovered, ha, far a few moments, quitted daughter's room for his own, which was immc sttely adjacent. Ho had not been there tong, however, before door gently opened and Edward Lawrence appen upon the threshold. Mr. Burnham started back surprise. Tho young man paused ; bat there i such an aspect of humiliation in bis appearer that the Englishman felt to some extent re-assui " You scarcely expected to eeo me, Monsieur," s Edward, in a low voice. "Certainly not ; assassins are generally m prudent" " No doubt I should be equally careful were I assassin ; but I shall very readily convince you t I am nothing of the kind, whatever you may th on the subject." Mr. Burnham slightly bowed. " Ah yes, but do not be eo swift in judgorn« What I am going to tell yon will leave me calpa enough ; but the proof that I am no nssassit exceedingly simple. When the crime was c< nutted of which yon were the victim I was sorv on board H.M.S, Toulouse, on the Pacido stati These certificates of my service show that n clearly." The Englishman carefully soanned the doenmc presented to him. " Bnt where, then, did yon get the cameo 1 V were you so agitated when you heard just II about the attack and murder 1 It is quite cert that you knew something about the crime, ovei yon had no share in it." "I do not deny that I knew there had bee robbery ; but I was wholly ignorant of the circi stances." " You sent a broooh to my step-daughter, soy it was one ot your heirlooms. Am I to suppose y family-" Lawrence shivered. A means of justification had. not thought of waB suggested by the w " family," but he instantly dismissed the thon aa unworthy ; and hastily interrupting Mr. Bc ham, " No, no," he oried aloud ; " a thousand til no I My family hoB always been greatly reaped .nd deservedly so, too." " What share, then, have you had in the or! mi asked Mr. Burnham. "I accepted it as an inheritance. That was crime. Listen to me, monsieur ; my time is j oious, and I have not a moment to lose." Mr. Burnham signified his attention, Then LE renee recounted all the past : tho feigned death Pierro Crannon, his revelation of the hidden ti sure, his tragic death ; the senrob for the troan at L'Irglas ; and finally, his sucaess. When ho 1 finished the long and sorrowful recital, he ham to Mr. Burnham a portfolio and a casket. " Yi half-million of francs have been invested in Gove: ment stocks," ho continued, " and you will find the portfolio a documont from me making over yon tho whole amount. The casket contains eve thing élue that yon had lost, except-" Hero Toioe failed ; and covoring his fuco in his hand sat down, overwhelmed with remorse and sorrow Mr, Burnham examined tho papers and t ' casket ; and when Battened that all was restore " Monsieur," ho said, somewhat embarrassed, " t fade- you nave related to me aro so extraordinn and this restitution ÍB SO unexpected, that I soaroi know what even my own toolings are upon tho st jeot ; or whethor I should reproaoh, or thank ye But you have certainly bcon guilty of a very serie error." "A crime, Monsieur," interrupted Lawreno " a brime, and nothing less. I will no lone oonceal tho truth. After what Cranon had tc me I could think of nothing elsa than tho cc ccaled treasure. I struggled ogainBt the idea possessing myself of tho gold, but all in vain. D and night the vision of wealth haunted me like ghost, only this was a pleasant vision, and co stantly, in my imagination, I journeyed to L'lrgh and held within my hands the portfolio and t casket. . Whenever a superior oflioer psBsed me the publio thoroughfare-, Boaroely deigning return. my salute ; when lovely womon in dano and assemblies disdained my humble uniforu whenever indeed I felt the pressure of my povorl and low estate, a voioe whispered in my ci 'L'Irglas 1 'L'Irglas I' That inoludcd and oxpresef everything desirable. No moro laok of ooln, bi abundance of money, and with it all that weall could bestow. Greetings from everybody, oarr ?gea and horses, the smiles of womankind, ar universal respect. To beoomo rioh it would 1 enough for ono to say, as they do in fairy tales, ' will.' I had only, like another Moses, to strike tl rook, and immediately would issue forth a Btreat not of water, but of gold. I had no need to kill i to rob anyone, neither to perjure myself, or I deceive anybody else ¡ but only to take possessio of a treasure, the whereabouts of whioh I had ni sought to know, nor had I in any wise betraye the unhappy wretoh who hod volunteered th information, and who had no kind of olaim upo my reticence, fer he waa dead. At last I yieldcc But losing my poverty, I also loat my peace c mind, and on gaining the esteem of other people, lost my own self-respect. Every moment itsoeme aa if a voioe were crying out,1 Restore what yo have Btolen,' I always had poiBon in my ves pocket, for . I was determined not to survive th discovery of my orime. In vain did I say to myael that my fears were groundless, and that tho owne of the property bad long been dead. It was all t no purpose. I was always in a state of ohroni alarm, aa children fear the darknoss, withou knowing why. But, alas, I had not thc innooenc of childhood." Lawrenoe paused. For some time ho Boomed ti ba severely suffering, and carried his hand fre quently to his breast. After a brief silence bi resumed : " But all these details of my temptation! and sufferings are of no importance to you, one only oonoern myself. I will withdraw," He made a atop towards the door, and thee stopped, as if he desired to ask for something " Wo shall not meet again," said he, in a broken voice, without raising his eyes. " Tho farewell I am now taking muet be understood as that of a dying man. I had hoped, I had wished, Monsieur, that my oonfcBsion might be kept secret by you. Ii yon would grant me this favour, and if you would permit mo ono last interview with-" He looked very earnestly at Mr. Burnham, but he, too, was gazing on the ground. " I understand you," said Edward. " You con- sider me unworthy of this last favour. I have no right to complain. Only the para deserve compas- sion," He bowed deeply, and was on the point of quit- ting the apartment when Fanny suddenly carno in. She was dressed wholly in white, her abundant hair hanging dishevelled upon her Bhonlders, and her eyes glittered with feverish brilliancy, On seeing her onter, Lawrence could not restrain a cry of delight and surprise. The two lovers atood facing each other, mute and motionless. Mr. Burnham ran towards his daughter. "What oro you doing here, Fanny?" he oriod. " Return at onoo to your room." " Oh, Monsieur, do not snatoh from me this last sorrowful joy," said Lawrence, in accents BO mournful and plaintive that tho young girl burst into tears, " May tboBO tears bring rioh. blessings upon yon," exclaimed Lawrence. " I had not avon hoped ever to see you again." "I have understood everything," murmured Fanny, in tho midst of har sobs. " And you despise me than 7" Her only answer was to fling horaolf into his arms. Lawrence so little expected this generous notion that ho seemed as if stunned with delight. But quiokly awaking to tho reality of his joy, he clasped the fair young form rapturously to his breast, and covered hor hoad with kisses. For some minutes nothing was heard bnt sighs and broken sentences of loving words, spasmodically uttered. Mr. Burnham, who had remained mute with surprise and stupefaction at Fanny's courage and devotion, nt longth seized the young girl's arm with somo degreo of violonco, and endeavoured to drag her from Edward's grasp, but ehe rosis tod, and rofusod to bo separated from him. " Leave me hore, father," she said almost deliri- ously; "I have promised to bo his, como what may." "Fanny, you must bo insane," Burnham well nigh shouted. " I havo promised to bo his, his only ; and I will novor, nover leave him in his sorrow and pain." "MonBlour," said tho Englishman, trembling with rage, and almost spec cb lees with vexation, " I demand that yon lot Miss Morpeth go." " Hear me, father," she oried excitedly, falling on hor knees. " Loavo mo altogether, and lot mo follow him. I will not dishonour your illnBtrioUB j family, for thoBtain that covers my birth has nover permitted me to boor yonr name. I shall make no Told in your lifo, for I have nover been for yon anything bat a source of remorse and embarrase- I mont. From this burden and vexation I will now \ for ever relieve voa. Persuade yourself that from this day I am dead. This white robe shall be my shroud. Adieu, father. I am no longer yonr daughter, but only Edward's bride henceforth. Adieu until we meet in Heaven." Speaking thus, she encircled Edward's neck with her arms, and hid her face upon his breast. Mr. Burnham could no longer endure the spec- tacle. In the extremity of his indignation he seized Fanny with one hand, and with the other appeared to threaten Edward. " UBS no violenoo, Monsieur," said he, making considerable effort to speak, " for you have nothing to fear on my part. I would not, indeed I cannot, accept tho eacrifioe that Miss Fanny so nobly proffers. I long since resolved not to live ia poverty, and yon cannot think me willing to live in poverty and dishonour also. Take your daughter, Monsieur, and may Heaven's best blessings ever be upon her. As for me, he feebly whispered, can you not see how well the poison has done its work ? So saying he fell, as if fainting, upon the floor. Fanny cried out in terror, and kneeling down raieed his head, covering it with caresses. Then Edward faintly smiled. "You are too good," he whispered, and closing his eyes upon all earthly things sank, as if to sleep, at her feet. 