: THE FEDERATION CONVENTION. As the delegates penetrate into the substance of their very arduous and deli cate task, they meet with the difficulties 1 which all along were threatened, and pro blems whose, solution appears the more unlikely as they approach them nearer. ; w e ail Know, tor instance, how it became i the rule to avoid by every artifice any ! allusion to the fiscal differences which | divide the colonies. The thing was not to be , mentioned at all. Victoria was to be ready to say nothing about Protection, and New South Wales was to abandon all idea of sticking to Free Trade. The federal parliament was to settle all, and both' Free Trade and Protection were but ; the small, dust in the balance, when com- | pared with that splendid idea of Federa- j tion to -which all else should be sacrificed, i It was very like the plan adopted by an I ingenious, cook in a " haunted" house in ; Ireland, who had to tramp up long stair cases to bed, and who knew that the | ghost invariably stood on a particular : lobby. She always walked , backwards j past that landing, and so avoided the | sight, of the apparition." The ghost re- | mained, but was kept out of sight. On j Monday evening, Colonel Smith, speaking ! for Victoria, very plainly forced the ghoBt on the eyes of the public. He assured the delegates that Victoria would only federate on conditions, which included her favourite protection against all the world. She would not even lend her hand to do away with border customs, to establish intercolonial free trade, unless it was settled before hand, that United Australia should restrict its trade with all the earth. outside. Of course .the meaning of this is that New South Wales is to be coerced into the fiscal preferences of Vic toria, jand that no colony once federated, shall have the power to alter its fiscal policy, according to its new interests or new- lights. While that spirit lasts, feder- taon is impossible. It may be, or at least it may be supposed to be, that Protection ! ftOjbest policy for. one state, and Eree Trade for another, each then ought to be free to choose for itself, after federation as well as before. There is no need of uniformity of tariff against the rest of the world. Let there be intercolonial free- trade for which all are prepared, and then let; the principles of free trade and pro tection against the world, be fought out by .the experience of trade. Colonel Smith, although very enthus iastic, did not give us -much enlightenment about the claims- of that fiscal' policy which he insisted onas Victoria's sine qua non. _The immense' exportation, from Ameripa of breadstuffs would probably have remained unaffected had America reversed her fiscal policy, unless .she im- posed an export duty on such produce, and the immense superiority of the qual ity of the manufactures of the States to those of other countries, is so absurdly false, that we suppose he must never look into figures. We have lately printed in the Protestant Standard a speech of Mr. Gladstone, in which he gives the clearest facts which show that the manufactures of the TJnited States are startlingly- small in ;comparison with those of England alone, notwithstanding her population of 62,000,000. In fact those of England alone' stand at one half of those of the whole world, America included. Still we should be far from forcing free trade on any country. Each country should judge for itself. Let us not force free trade ; let us not force protection. After all, nothing will test the matter but ex perience. The very first resolution sup poses each colony to be guaranteed the independence and advantage it already enjoys, and these would certainly be violated if either of the rival fiscal systems were to be federally enforced. Mr. Smith was equally rash about .that "standing army." The name is not a popular one ; but as used by Colonel Smith it seems very suspicious of the conscription. The 36,000 men seem to be taken by some other meanB than voluntary enlistment. But the most dangerous part of the deliberations is that which touches the relative claims of the colonies in the voting of the Senate. The difficulties of saving the smaller states from being swamped, faces another difficulty how to prevent the smaller states from ruling the roost, to the in justice of the larger. Is it quite safe to give little Perth as many members as Sydney or Melbourne ? And if, as is likely, Queensland is to be divided into three colonies, the present Northern colony will thus be inordinately repre sented. We see a hard task before the delegates. Not an impossible one ; but one that will require patience and time. There is nothing in our circumstances to make speed necessary. There is only one thing which would make such a change desirable within measurable dis tance — that is the possibility that if, the Btates do not federate in some way, they will fly off farther from each other. The abolition of intercolonial customs would seem to be another reason for speedy union, but we hold that the colonies can at any moment abolish such customs, if they really wish to do so, not waiting for any federation. They are already free to choose. Why do they keep up the border mulct ? Echo answers " why." 