GENERAL NEWS. Genedax Booth.—The programme for the Welcome of General Booth, who will arrive in Adelaide to-day, ib on a very extended scale, and the processions, which will form a part of the monster meetings, will be unique in their character for this ony, though thoroughly in keeping with the intense enthusiasm mani fested by the Salvationists and their friends wherever the Army assembles in large numbers. Few more extraordinary spectacles have been witnessed in Adelaide than those which null be seen in connection with the entry to the city of the General and his staff and field officers and the subsequent demonstrations. General Booth came to Australia early in September of this year, and since then he has travelled, conducted meetings, and lectured in New Zealand and all the eastern colonies. His stay in Adelaide will last until next Wed nesday, when he leaves by the steamer for India on his return to England, The proceed ings of to-day will be opened by the arrival from Victoria at 8 this morning of a special excursion train, conveying about 300 officers. The General, accompanied by Colonel Nicot (his General Secretary) and Commissioner Coombs (chief of the Aimy in Australia), will come from the east by the ordinary express. Instead of proceeding to the city direct the General will leave the train at Aldgate, and be the guest of the Rev. F. Hastings, one of his personal friendB when they were both in England some years ago. The General and party will then leave by the 12 o'olock train, and reach Adelaide so as to be wel comed at North-terrace Station at about 1.30, when people have an opportunity of turning out in large numbers. There will be a monster reception at the railway station, and a tremendous pro cession through the city. The route for the march of the Salvationists will be along North-terrace into King William street, thence down Rundle, Fulteney, and Firie streets, then again into the chief thoroughfare of the city, and along Hindley street to Light-square, where the prooession will disperse. On either side of the General's chariot will ride a couple of the chief of the army officers—Colonel Kilbey and Major Hammond mounted on one side, and Colonel Taylor and Brigadier Roth well on e other. The principal officers in Australia will be prosent, as well as the Guards' Band. A " reception meeting" will be held in the Jubilee Exhibition Building at 7.45 in the evening. Three meetings will be held in the Exhibition Building to-morrow, and the advertisements remind patrons of "silver coin collection at the doors." "Two Holiness Conventions" are announced for Monday afternoon and evening, while ou Tuesday there will be a " monster final gather ing" in the Exhibition Buildings, when the General will explain his scheme of "Darkest England." Tickets are required for admis sion. On Tuesday afternoon the General will epeak to a "select meeting,"at whiohSir J. C. Bray, the Chief Secretary, will preside, on " Darkest England, and the way out." General Booth is to be the gueBt of Mr. C. H. Goode while in Adelaide. On Monday morning a deputation from the Wesleyan Methodist Conference will wait upon him at Mr. Goode's residence; later in the morning Mr. Booth will address the Adelaide Minis terial Association, and we understand that at 1 o'clock he will lunch with the Chief Secretary and other, members of the Legislature^ at FarliamentHouee. Following are the principal officers of the Aimy who will take part in the meetings during the weekColonel Kilbey (Chief Secretary to Commissioner Coombs), Colonel Taylor (head of the Rescue Depart wnanf.l flnls-mol ann \Tra Rn.vlov Iwhn ATA lend ing the Array in New Zealand), Brigadier Rothwell (who has charge of the work in New South WaleB), Majors Rolfe and Robinson (of New Zealand), Majors Peart, Dean, and Hos kins (of New South Wales), Majors Barrett, Hammond, McFie, Graham, and Spratt (of Victoria), Major Complin (Tasmania), and Major Quick (Queensland). Major Jeffries is of course at the head of the Army in Adelaide. The week after next a contingent of thirteen officers will leave for Western Australia, Adjutant and Mrs. Knight being in charge. Theift Amongst School Children.—In view of the near approach of free education in our State schools, it is interesting to note that in England, where the fees in Government schools have only recently been abolished, steps are being taken to turn into channels of thrift the pence hitherto paid to the schools for " services rendered." It is fair to assume that in the colonies at any rate the majority of parents can afford the nominal fees of State schools, and if a movement were set on foot many would no doubt be glad to devote a few pence weekly to the promotion of habits of thrift and foresight amongst the rising gene ration—a splendid "object lesson," all must agree. The following from a late English paper may be commended to the notice of the Minister of Education" Since the abolition of 6cliool-fees parents and children are being urged to invest the money saved. Both the Education Department and the Post-Office Savings Bank issued -circulars to this effect, advising the formation of Penny Banks in schools, and offering free deposit-books for the children's use. School Savings Banks thrive in France and Belgium, and the practice is equally successful in Liverpool, where 25,000 children are-depositors to the amount of nearly £11,000." Homestead League.—'The meeting of the executive was held on Wednesday evening, Mr. >E. Clement, J.F., in the chair. It was reported that a blocker had been returned at the last election for the District Council of Port Broughton. The committee expected that the regulations, for loans to .blockers under the Loan Act reoently passed would shortly be published. A letter in the Kapunda Bcrali of the 3rd inst. evoked a reply from the League,' which Showed how settlement on ' workifigmen's blocks in the neighbourhood of that town and elsewhere in the colony bad been delayed by the Government at one time and another, and the hope was expressed that the allotments made would not' be disallowed ' because the applicants were without money. Wool Steamers.—Me38rB. George Wills and Cu. have just received a cable from Lou don announcing the arrival there of the steamer Woolloomooloo early on Thursday morning, November 19, and as she left Port Adelaide late on Saturday night, October 19, she has performed the passage in a few hours over thirty- nine days, which is about the smartest run on record for a cargo steamer from South Australia. The Hubbuok also arrived in London on the afternoon of November 18. Both these steamers were sent away from the colony for the November wool sales, and so they have both arrived in good time. They belong to Lund's line. Red Rust at SMiTHFreta—We have been shown a sample of wheat, pioked out of a pad dock at Smitbfield, showing that red rust has largely spoiled it. Tub Agent-Generalship.—On Thursday in the Assembly the Treasurer stated, in reply to Mr. Uolder, that he had telegraphed to Mr. S. Deering, Acting Agent- General, requesting him to ascertain whether there was any likeli hood of Sir Arthur Blyth resuming his duties at the close of his leave of absence. On Friday an answer was received by cable to the effect that Sir Arthur intended resigning when his leave ending on December 31 expired. Artificial Rain-production.—At a meet ing of gentlemen interested in experiments for the artificial production of rain a resolution was carried to the effect that it was desirable to initiate experiments, and a committee was appointed to collect information and report to a subsequent meeting. It was suggested that the Government might subsidize private sub scriptions raised for the purpose. Adelaide Hospital Additions.—The first batch of tenders that were received for the errction of the southern wards of the eastern wing of the Adelaide Hospital were informal, and the work had to be readvertised. Fresh tenders have been received, and it is probable that one of them will be accepted in a day or two. If so, the work will be proceeded with immediately, Alberton State School.—A site has been purchased in Alberton for the erection of the new State school, and the Superintendent of Public Buildings has received instructions to proceed with the work, The plans are in hand, and tenders will be invited in about a fortnight. The new school will accommodate GOO children. Historical Gallebv. — Before Mr. T. N. Stephens (Under-Treasurer) left Adelaide eight months ago for the purpose of acting as Collector of CustomB during the absence of Mr. F. J. Sanderson be started making a collection of photographs of the gentlemen who have occupied the position of Treasurer of the colony from time to time. A liBt of the Treasurers having been prepared letters were written to those who were living, and to the relatives of deceased Ministers, asking for likenesses. InmanycaseB copies were at onoe forwarded to Mr. Stephens and in others promises were made. Up to the present only twelve jihotographs have been received. They are those of the late Sir R. R. Torrens, the Hons. C. Mann, Neville Blyth, T. Reynolds, and H. K. Hughes, and of Sir J. C. Bray, Sir Arthur Blyth, the Hon. T, Playford, Hon. VV. B. Rounsevell, Hon. B. T. Finniss, Messrs. F. W. Holder, and S. Newland. Mr. Stephens resumed his duties as Under-Treasurer on Friday morning, and he has started the work of hanging the collection on the walls of'his office. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, November 14, were :—Births, 94 males, 91 females; deaths, 38 males, 50 females; total, 185 births, 88 deaths. Excess of births, 97. The District of Adelaide—Births, 22 males, 30 females; deaths, 10 males, 17 females; total, 52 births. 27 deaths. Excess of births. 25. T,r>iiGESt. Ai.ran.—At thnmeetmcof T.ndvn St. Alban, No. 38, S.A.C., held in the Free masons' Hal), Flinders-street, on Wednesday evening, November 18, Brother Caleb Pea cock was installed as Master of the Lodge in the presence of an influential gathering of members of the craft. Those present included the Deputy Grand Master (Brother the Hon. A. M. Simpson, M.L.C.) and several other officers of the Grand Lodge of South Aus tralia, as well as V.W. Brother McMillan (Grand Superintendent of Works in the Grand Lodge of New South Wales). The retiring W.M. (Brother Dr. W. Barlow, LL.D.) was Installing Master, and was assisted in the very impressive ceremonies connected with the installation by the Director of Cere monies of the Lodge (R.W. Brother G. C. Knight, 18°, Senior Grand Warden) and also Past Masters Brothers Canon Poole (Grand Chaplain), W. L. Ware, A. Kemp, E. Cooke, Ardoer, J. R. Gurner, J. E. Thomas, T. Day, J. H. Cunningham (Grand Secretary), and T. J. C. Hantke. Following the installation of the Master Brother Peacock invested the following as officers of the Lodge for the year:—S.W., Past Master Brother A. G. Pendleton; J.W., Brother A. B. Moncrieff; Chaplain, Brother Bishop Kennion; Director of Ceremonies, Past Master Brother G. O. Knight (S.G.W.); Treasurer, Past Master Brother W. L. Ware; Secretary, Past Master Brother J. E. Thomas; Senior Deacon, Brother F. H. Snow; Junior Deaeon, Brother C. H. Goode; Inner Guard, Brother C. T. Cowle; •Organist, Wpl. Brother J. Shakespeare; Stewards, Brothers . T. Roberts and E. B. Grundy; and Tyler, Past Master Brother N. KildaeL Before the Lodge closed Brother Dr. Barlow, who had occupied the principal chair for two years, presented the Lodge with three Masonic imple ments in African ivory of most exquisite workmanship. At the banquet which followed the Masonic ceremonies. Brother MoMillan replied to the toast of the Grand Lodge of New South Wales, and remarked that he had visited nearly if not all the Lodges in the sister colony, and he had never seen a ceremony con nected with an installation performed in a more admirable manner than that which he had witnessed that evening. Moke Snakes.—On Wednesday evening someof the members of the Permanent Foroe saw a snake and a deafadder on the sandhills near Largs 'Fort. The snake, which measured 5 ft. G in. in length, was coiled about the adder, which was 2 ft. -6 in. long. Both reptiles were dispatohed. 'Received. — The Heretic, containing! number of literary and other-articles, thejlatter of - a strictly anti-Roman Catbolio character; a thoughtful pamphlet on "Baptism" by B. Cornish. of Maitland.; the. Australian Paste ralists' Pohcu', containing artioles and para graphs affecting pastoral and landed interests 'throughout Australasia, and also a'portrait of Mr. W. Alison, one of the chief promoters of the Pastoralists' Union in New South Wales, -.and itsffirst Wioe-Presidont The Dalhocsie Springs Murder—At the Port Augusta Circuit Court on Wednesday Tommy, an aboriginal, was indicted on a charge of murdering Thomas Home, a Station Manager, at Dalbouaie Springs on September 25\. The evidence showed that Home had been guilty of gross immorality towards a woman whom he knew to be Tommy's Inbra, and the aboriginal in a fit of jealousy attacked Home in Mb tent and beat in his head with a stick. The Acting Chief Justice summed up strongly in favour of a verdict of manslaughter, and on the Jury returning that verdict the prisoner was sentenced to imprisonment for the term of his natural life. Death op an Old Colonist.—The friends of the late Mrs. Thomas Maslin, who arrived in the colony early in 1837, will regret to learn that she died at ner residence at Aldinga on Monday, November 16, at the advanced age of 89 years. Christmas Cheer for Poor Children. —A healthy movement Co again provide Christmas cheer for the poor ohildren in and around the City of Adelaide and to the inmates of the various charitable institutions has been started, and the first meeting was held onWednesdayaftemoonintheMayor'sParlour. A strong executive was formed to carry out the work, and the Editors of the daily papers were asked to reoeive and acknowledge funds. An interesting report dealing with the wholo affair was read and adopted. A Parliamentary Party in the North.— We have received from Mr. H. Cobb, of Port Germein, a very clear photograph of the legislators who lately visited Port Germein. Tne scene is at the Gorge, and the subjects of the picture look as if they had done their duty in thoroughly inspecting the railway route from Orroroo to Port Germein, which was the object of their journey. Accompanying the portrait is a reprinted report of the trip from the Areas Express. Death op an Old Resident ok Auburn.— Our correspondent at Auburn wrote on November 17 :—Another old resident, Mr. J. Taylor, sen., died last evening from influenza. The deceased was seventy-eight years of age, and had been a resident in the district for over forty-eight years. He first lived in New South WaleB. After returning to England for his wife and family he settled in this locality. During the earlier days he held some of the best sections between, here and Watervale. Later on he built the District Hotel, and the two breweries at one time working in the town. Deceased leaves a numerous family of grown up sons and daughters. He will be burned to-morrow afternoon. The Commissioner op Public Works.— The Hon. W. B. Rounsevell (Commissioner of PublioWorkB) was able to attend a Cabinet meeting on Monday afternoon, but he is still far from well. I Railway Revenue.—The railway revenue for the week ending November 14 was £22,468, that for the corresponding week of 1890 being £23,152, tbus showing a decrease of £684. A Pleasant Change.—From Sunday till Wednesday evening the thermometer fre quently registered over 90° in the shade, but the atmosphere rapidly cooled, and is now wintry. A spell of drought and dust broke up early on Thursday, and copiouB rains fell over a consi derable area in the south, greatly refreshing the late crops and feed, and recouping farmers supplies for domestic purposes. Young Women's Chbistian Association. . —The seventh annual meeting of this Associa tion was held on Thursday evening, November j 19\. Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.Sc., presided, and the attendance. was fair. The report stated that in February Miss Kneale, from Victoria, was appointed to the post of General Secretary, the committee having for some time being convinced that such an officer was necessary for the success of the Association. In the beginning of the year Miss Frew, who had acted as Superintendent of the Home, felt it incumbent on her to resign that position, but in August she saw her way clear to resume her duties. The committee acknowledged their great indebtedness to Miss Frew for her care ful and untiring efforts on behalf of the home, which had alwayB been gratuitously and cheerfully given. The Sunday Bible-class numbered eighty members. The Prayer Union, of wbich Miss T. Koehencke was the Secretary, had held good meetings. Two missionary meetings haa been held, which had neipeu wj aruuoo liio uiusBiuuury bfmiu iwo girls bad expressed the desire to go to India, and one had offered for China, The Girls' In stitute had been carried on with vigour, classes for drawing, singing, and sewing being held. Weekly visits had been made by earnest workers to large workrooms in the city, and good work had been done by the Hospital Flower Mission. Reference was made to the departure of Miss C, E. Goode, one of the Hon. Secretaries, for China as a missionary. Fifty new members and associates had been welcomed during the year. The Semaphore Branch bad forty-seven members. The receipts had amounted to £342 13s. 7d., of which £152 Is. was in subscriptions. There was a balance due to the Bank of £54 2s. Id. The report was adopted, and a resolution of thank fulness to Ged recorded. A donation of £4 had been received from an anony mous friend. The following elections were made for the ensuing year:—Patroness, the Countess of Kintore: President, Mrs. Colton; Vice - Presidents. Mrs. Paton and Mrs. Fisher; Treasurer. Mrs. James Robin; Committee, Mrs. Beeby, Miss Bag sfaaw, Mesdatnes Chappie, Chinner, Keynes, Dunn, Drew, Fuller, Fowler, J. R. Glasson, Cbas. Goode, Harvey, Herring, H. Scott, Melvin, Milner, Waterhouse, and Miss Tito; Hon. Secretary, Miss Robin; General Secretary, MiBS Kneale; Superintendent of Home, Miss F. M. S. Frew; Board of Advice, Messrs. F. Chappie, C. Fisher, and C. H. Goode, Rev. J. McEwin, Messrs. J. Viner Smith and R. G. Wilkinson. Bicycles and Telegiiai>h Messengees. — For about two years messengers who are em ployed in the Telegraph Service in the suburbs have been using bicyoles, and during the last twelve months the boys in the same depart ment of the General Post-Office have been supplied with machines instead of ponies. The result of the experiment has been emi nently satisfactory. Mr. Todd's original sug gestion to the Minister was that the boys should he paid an extra £10 a. year and he compelled to find their own machines, which they would naturally be inclined to look after with greater care. The Minister disapproved of this recom mendation, and after further consultation he agreed that the boys should be supplied with bicycles. A number of maohines were shortly afterwards obtained, and now many telegraph messengers and the officers who go round the city and suburbs attending to telephones travel on such vehicles. Those which are used by the messengers are painted the orthodox .'Post OfBee colour—red—and each one is numbered to correBpoud with the number allotted to the boy who uses it. Tbey are inspected weekly, and Mr. Todd Btates that .the amount of repairing that has bad to he dong has; been very small. He asserts that the bicycles are much cheaper than horses, because the cost of repairs of the whole of them every year amounts to very little more at the most than would bo required to keep one horse. Only the night messengers use horses. Chapel of Reparation. —The good Nuns of St. Dominic's Priory, Jicrtb Adelaide, aw (says ttie Southern Cross) appealing to the Catholic community to assist them in the pious work of erecting a Chapel for the per petual adoration of our Lord in the blessed Sacrament. The foundation-stone of the Church of the Holy Ghost was liud by Arch bishop Reynolds on Sunday, October 25. The Nuns have already spent about £8,000 on their property, North Adelaide, and the proposed additions will cost between £3,000 and £4,000. His Grace, who has long ardently desired the erection of a Church of Reparation in his Diooese, has written to the Rev. Mother Prioress cordially blessing the work and authorizing the appeal. [There is a referenoe to this matter elsewhere.—Ed.] Sad Death. — At about 7.30 a.m. on Monday a woman named Hannah Mahar was found dead in bed. Deceased, with her four children, resided in a three-roomed cottage in Rundle-street, Kent Town. She had t>een confined to her bed for some time, and Dr. Ewbank had attended her not long ago. John Mahar, son of deceased, said that he heard ber moaning heavily in the night, and when he went into the room m themorninghe found her dead. Lance-corporal Overington visited the bouse on Monday, and examined the body, which he described as being in avery dirty and deplorable state. Deceased was 45 years of age, and was much addicted to drink. Death of a Famous St. Bernard Dog.— A little more than two years ago Sir Edwin Smith, upon returning from England, brought with him a famous St. Bernard dog and a slut. They were selected for Sir Edwin by Rev. Arthur Carter, who was a great expert in dogs, and was Judge of St. Bernards at the great Windsor Show. Since Sir Edwin has nad tlieui they have taken prizes in Melbourne, where they were the subjects of laudatory comment. The name of the slut is "Nell." She met with an accident a month ago, and died on Monday from ber injuries. The Late Mb. C. F. Niesche.—We regret to announce the death ot Mr. Charles F. Niesche, photographer, of Rundle-street, at the early age of thirty-nine years. Besides being well known as a business man, he was during the last twenty years a member of the leading Musical Associations of the time, and up to his death, which occurred at the residence of his brother (Dr. Niesche, of Carrington street) on Monday, an aotive member of the Adelaide Liedertafel and the Orpheus Society. Owing to ill-health he has been missed from the concert platform as a soloist for about two years, but prior to that lent his valuable aid to many charitable and other concerts, and for many years was closely identified with St. Patrick's Church choir at West-terrace, where his full baritone voice was often heard to great advantage in the principal eolos. Being a j colonial born ho was also a member cf the Aus tralian Natives' Association. The Late Mr. James Shannon.—Many old colonists will regret to hear of the death of Mr. JameB Shannon, J.P., which occurred at his eBtate, Minecrow, near Lucindale, South East, on Sunday morning, November 15, at the age of fifty-one years. The deceased gentleman arrived in the colony in 1852. His father wasone of the pioneers of the Eudunda district, where he devoted himself chiefly to agricultural pursuits, and grew some magnifi- j cent crops of wheat. In one year he realized a i guinea per bushel for his produce. Mr. j Shannon vas well known and highly esteemed for his sterling qualities—a kind and generous disposition and a true friend, lie with hiB late brother William successfully conducted pastoral and agricultural operations on a large scale in the Lower North. Upon dissolving partnership he purchased the North-West Bend Sheep Station on the Riyer Murray with 90,000 sheep, where he had the misfortune to meet with heavy losses through bad seasons. In 1876 he was elected to the House of Assembly for the District of Light, having for his col- | leagues Mr. David Moody and the late Mr. Jauies White. Upon the expiration of that Parliament he did not reofier himself. On the death of his brother, Mr. W. S. Shannon, he took over the Minecrow Estate, and had since resided there, conducting pastoral pur suits. Ho leaves a widow and five young children. Sensational Case of Burning,— A lady residing in North Adelaide was proceeding along lung William-street at about 4.30 p.m. on Monday afternoon when, as if by magic, her clothes caught fire. A passer by seeing the flames on her shirt immediately rushed towards her and endeavoured to extinguish tbein, rolling the unfortunate woman on the {lavement and beating the flames* with ler umbrella, which was burnt to nieces. When the lady became conscious that she was on fire she rushed into the office of the Kquitable Life Assurance Society of the United States close by. The clerks procured mats together with a rug, and wrapped them around her, while a considerable quantity of water was thrown over her. In the lady's excitability she again rushed into the street, increasing the flames. Eventually she was hurried back into the office and the Are ex tinguished. Her clothes were burned to the corsets, and the door of the Assurance Office was very much scorched and blistered. While in the office she was completely enveloped in flames, which reached halfway up the office wall. Had it not been for the timely assist ance of the passers by and the clerks the con sequences would probably have been fatal. When the flames were extinguished the suf ferer was conveyed in a cab to a doctor's residence, and afterwards to her home. How the fire originated is a mystery. We have been informed by Dr. Cawley that the lady is doiDg as well as can be expected. She has suf fered a very severe shook to the system, and he, back and her arms right up to the shoulders have received severe burns. Hcgh Gilmorb Memoriae. Fvsn. —7. F. Tairweather, Mount Gainbier, 10s. 0d.; a Friend, £2. Gilmobe Memoriae Fund.—£418 12s. Gd. Farther amounts—£2 2s., P. J. O'Drisooll, C. Hmedley, T. Hack, A. W. Dobbie k Co.; £2, J. D. Hill; £1 Is., Friend, J. Smith, A. C. Thomson, E. C, Le Messurier, K., T. C. Curtin, gen., P. McM. Glynn, P. Whelan, Mrs. Saint, P. Gay, J. B. Spence, J. S. Seott, Admirer, T. Drew, D. W. Melvin, J. Craven, D. Davidson, G. F. Michell, Mayor of Port Pirie, C. Geddes: £1, J. P. Morice, N. and J.W.G., J.L.W.; small sumB, £15 19s. Total, £468 IDs. Gd, J. W. Connel should have been J. W. Cowel. Mr. Scott Barry, who took an excellent photo of the Ilev. H. Gilmore, has offered to supply copies to the committee at cost price. The photos will be on Bale at the various booksellers, who have kindly con sented to hand over all prooeeds. Each photo sold will bear a profit to the fund. The price i*b Is. each. £3 3s., Burden and Bonython, Flinders-street Baptist; £22s., .7. E. Morley; £2, Another Widow; £1 Is., Alf. Le Messurier, A. Binks, R. Cooper, R Hanton, G.F.B., W.S., G.R, Delta, S. Oorry; £L •I.A.G.M., R- Burden. Mrs. H. Wheeler, T. C. Curtin, jun., F. Maxwell, G.R.C.; Islington Workshops (part), £4 14s. Gd.; Balakiava, £2 4s.; Melrose, £2 14s.; Lang horne's Creek, £1. 15s.; D. & W. Murray's Clothing Factory, £1 15s.; total, £oj0. December's Criminal Sittings.—The fol lowing in a list of prisoners to be tried at the Supreme Court on December 1, 2, ind 3:— Joan Kraham, housebreaking; John Versi ooor, unnatural otfenoe; Ameer Khan, unlaw fully wounding; James Quintoc, escape from lawful custody; Hannah Stark, forging and uttering; William Henry Saunders, criminal assault; Gustav Didschum, larceny by a bailee; Gustav Petersen, horse-stealing; Amy Wells, laroeny; Polly Price, Alice Matilda Campbell, and Frances Lyons, stealing from the person; William Thomas, horse-stealing ? William Woods, larceny by a bailee; Michael Fitzgerald, unlawfully wounding; Benjamin Watte, murder. The Late Db. Forster.—Mr. JohnForster ■ M.R.C.8., L.S.A., whose death at. Hackney in his eighty-fourth year we record to-day, cams out to South Australia from Yorkshire utl849. He practised his profession for some time, and then successfully took a large shipment of horses to India for the army. Returning, ho soon afterwards went to New Zealand, where he resided for two .years. Again coming to South Australia, he engaged in pastoral pur suits, but, meeting with reverses, he resumed his surgical practice, and continued it until about three years ago. The greater part of hie life in the colony was passed in the district of Mount Barker, and he also resided for a time at Hindmarsh. His wife died about seven years ago. They had no family. Resumption op Offices,—Mr. F. J. Sander eon (Collector of Customs), whose eight months' leave of absence expired yesterday, will resume bis duties to- day, and the officers who were temporarily transferred when his holiday began will return to their old posts Mr. T. N. Stephens, who has acted as Collec tor of Customs, will resume his position as Under-Treasurer, and Mr. L. S. Spilier, who lias performed the duties of that offioe, will go back to the Taxation Office as Deputy Com missioner of Taxes, a position which has been temporarily filled by Mr. Searcy, who will return to the Port as Secretary to the Customs Department. Horses fob Remount Service.—Thie week's Government Gazette contains informa tion in reference to the remount service in India. The authorities have forwarded a number of particulars to the Government, and they estimate that 1,475 horses—1,275 Aus tralian and Cape horses and 200 Arabs and Persians—will be purchased for army purposes during the year 1802-93. Purchases will be made in Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, by remount agents under the orders of the Director, Army Remount Department. The Calcutta remount depot will be open for tbe reception of horses from November 1, 1892, to the end of the purchasing season. The average price for an Australian or Cape remount has been fixed at G50 rupees, and for Arabs and Persians 550 rupees. Chaffets' Irrigation Colonies.—We are informed that the R.M.S. Ormuz, which arrived on Tuesday, broughc nine passengers for tbe Chaffeye' Irrigation Colonies, five of whom axe destined for Renmark and four for Mildura. The Forged Bane op Adelaide Notes.— By advertisement it was announced that the Bank of Adelaide would be obliged if holders of forged notes would produce them for inspec tion at the Bank's head office before Thursday, the 12th inBt. Many holders of the forged notes did as requested. Ail notes exhibited at the Bank up to and inchidiing the date named are being generously honoured as presented. About 230 forged cotes have already been pre sented, and cash in return has been given. Dry Creek Smelting Works.—The Govern ment intend to try to secure the services of an expert to report upon the beat means of pre venting injurious effects from tbe fumes at the Dry Creek Smelting Works. Sinking of a Barge on the Darling.— Tbe Secretary of the Adelaide Underwriters' Association (Mr. W. Ware) has reosived a telegram from his agent at Wentworth that the barge Leviathan sank in deep water on the evening of November 18 ten miles below Para Station, with 934 bales of wool. Ten bales were saved on the bank. Hard Times with Melbourne Printers.— flie advertising and printing mania, which was tbe leading characteristic of the land boom, and which induced scores of printers to flock to the metropolis, has (says the Mel bourne Standard of November 18) passed periencing hard times. At the last meeting of the Melbourne Typographical Society a de putation from the unemployed members was received. The members of the deputation were appoointed at a mass meeting of the unemployed, which had been held the previous week. After hearing the various speakers a long discussion ensued, eventuating in the following resolution being carried:—" That a ballot of the trade be taken upon the advisa bility of striking a levy of Is. per week for the benefit of the financial unemployed; and that no member he eligible for relief unless be has been a member of theMelboumeTypographical Society for at least six months, suoh levy not to extend over six weeks." Subsequently upon being submitted to the trade the resolu tion was adopted, but by no means unani mously, the numbers being—Aves, 373; Noes, 230. The levy to start from November 14, and terminating on December 12. New Private School.—We have received the prospectus of a school about to be started in North Adelaide. The establishment will be known as the Queen's School, and although the name is new in Adelaide, the principals— Messrs. J. H. Lindon, M.A., and E. L. Heinemann, B. A—ore by no means unknown in the scholastic world of South Australia. Mr. Lindon has for the last six years done yeoman services at St. Peter's College, both as second master and as acting head master, while Mr. Heinemann, for nearly three years assistant at the same school, has won for him- self numerous friends among boys and parents alike. The principals intend to follow as closely as possible the curriculum of the English public schools. They mean to attach some importance to deportment by introducing compulsory drills, and a cadet corps will be formed. The Adelaide Collegiate School will be incorporated with the Queen's School, and for the present the dayschool will be carried on at the Christ Church schoolrooms. A boarding-house, with ample accommodation for twenty-five boarders, will be opened on Barton-terrace. Testing the Efficiency of Fire Brigades. —This week's Government Gazette notifies the approval of His Excellency the Governor to a new by-law made by the Fire Brigade Board. This is to the effect that the Board authorizes any member of the Board to call out at any time during the day or night any fire brigade for the purpose of testing its efficiency. The Board also authorizes the Mayor of any muni cipality in which a fire brigade is established to exercise the same power, provided that one member of the Board iB present at the time, or that he has the special sanotion of the Board obtained in writing. ,r . _ Major-Gekeral Doivnes. —Major-General Downes, who was ordered absolute rest and quietness by the doctor who attended mm after bis recent accident, will probahly, when he has snfficiently reoovered toleayethe house, take a month's trip to New Zealand in order to obtain a thorough restoration. He was very weak on Wedfiesday. Criticisms on Australians. — At the Mayor's banquet in Melbourne on November 20 the Governor, in the course of his speech (according to the Argus), said:—" These Aus tralian Colonies have recently been the subject i>f unsparing criticism on the part of certain ■raters in certain English periodicals. These, travelling scribes bave come out here as ■visitors,. They were strangers, and we took them in. (Laughter.) I mean took them in in the kindly sense, of course. They ac cepted the hospitality so freely offered them. No stone was left unturned to make their stay here pleasant. Some of us even went so far as to see their plays acted by them selves. (Laughter.) Have we received * good. measure, pressed down, and running over' in return for our kindness? (No, (10.) We have been represented to our cousins at home as only a degree better than ■ savages, our finances have been declared xotten, and the loyalty of our people to the throne and the British connection has been declared not to be worth an hour's purchase. X do not propose dealing closely or at length itvith these accusations. I have not time. I ■rill not even attempt to speak of all the colonies, for my opportunities of knowing them have been but limited. But I do know tViotoria. I can speak, having had great opportunities of knowing her people and judging of their sentiments, ana I have no hesitation in saying that while very properly jealous of their local liberties and privileges, the great masses of our people are sound and loyal in their viewB, and are sound upon the subject of their connection with the British Empire. (Loud cheers.) To pick out all the weak points of a people and to emphasize them, to magnify tenfold every small peculiarity or shortcoming possessed by such a people, to judge of the general sentiments of a community by the frothy 'verbosity and exuberance of a few shallow thinking and irresponsible individuals—(Hear, hear)—is not to my mind the fair or proper way to paint the portrait of a nation. (Hear, hear.) And I think that those who adopt it are acting most unwisely. If you persist in painting a man with oertain features of his face emphasized, I believe in time that man twill learn to regard your'caricature as a fairly good representation of himself, and it is quite ■certain that those who do not know the man by sight will accept your picture of him as gospel truth. (Hear, hear.) These articles may not carry much weight ■with educated people in the old country ■who know the colonieB, but must tie borne in mind that the masses people at home must trust to what they read to get their ideas and education upon colonial questions. Is it wise, then, to impress upon the British democracy that their Australian cousin is little short of a savage wild cat; that he is handier with his knife than his fists; and that his one prevailing sentiment towards the eld country is one of resentment? Is it wise to din into the ears of the British investor that the one overpowering desire which the public men of this continent have in their hearts is the desire to dip their hands as deeply as possible into the pockets of that ' same British investor, and when he is milked dry to repudiate him? (No, no.) Are such statements as these likely to foster friendly -feelings between the various branches of the British people? Are they likely to con solidate the British Empire? I think not. (Hear, hear.) I think that if suoh a course is persisted in, nothing is more likely to bring about a dissolution of the happy partnership which exists between the old land and her children, and the sooner somebody who can apeak with authority at home—(A Voice— "A good Agent-General; that iB it")—sets himself the taBk of contradicting these state \- ments, and of educating the people at home as to the true state of the case, the better will it be for the safety, honour, and ■ welfare of the Queen's dominions. (Loud cheers.) The Inspector op Mines.—On Saturday morning Mr. J. V. Parkes (Inspector of Mines) returned from the Northern Terri tory . to Adelaide by the express train! from' Melbourne. In the Territory' he noB Hpens two or vureo niunnus epecting the mineral country. When be completed bis work in the Territory he made a most gratifying statement as to the mineral jreeionrceB of that, part of the province, and readers of the Observer were given an epitome of his remarks in the form of a telegram from our local correspondent. Mr. Partes visited Charters Towers on the way back. He will submit a full report to the Commissioner of Crown Lands as soon as possible. The Christmas " Graphic. "—We have re ceived from the publishers a copy of the iwded Christmas Graphic, which is crowded with literary and piotorial matter adapted to the approaching festive season. The illustrations 5n the body of the paper consisb chiefly of sketches in colours depicting in a spirited manner scenes described in adventurous stories fln prose and verse. Some of the situations thus (represented are pathetic, others grotesque, but all are entertaining. With the number is issued two supplements—one containing a successful reproduction in black and white of Sir Joshua Keynolds's famous pioture of the Ladies Horatia, Laura, and Maria Waldegrave; the other a charming oleograph of a painting of Ophelia" by Marcus Stone. Excursions to New Zealand.—We are asked to call attention to the fifteenth season of the Union Company's excursions to the West Coast Sounds of New Zealand, which will tso made by the fine steamer Tarawera. The ^principal sounds will be visited, and every facility given excursionists of exploring the wonderful fjords. A special feature of this \- Reason's trips will be the stay of the steamer in IMilford Sound for two days, to enable excur sionists to visit Lake Ada and the wonderful Sutherland Falls, the highest in the world. iXhose who desire it wiil have an opportunity wf arranging for the overland journey from Milford Sound to Lake Te Anau via MoKinnon Tass, a route which embraces some of the grandest and most beautiful scenery in New Eoalahd. The excursions, each occupying Bbout ten days, will start from Fort Chalmers rbout January 11, January 21, and February J respectively. ' Aboriginal .Ingenuity.—We have "been ehown a walking-stick belonging to Councillor Craigie, of the Norwood and Kensington Cor 3jpration,which has been designed and made by,' ■Hiaboriginal native of Wilmington. Thehead of it is carved into the semblance riff bl bird, nbt fitnown.to natural histoiy.unless it'W&d; extinct in the antediluvian period.'. Below that is a face, which might , be' either a poftrait of a retired Councillor in bygone ages or the missing link. The shaft of the stick is ornamented by the carven efjigies of a, lizard, 'snakei and spiders,. or oioadie,' rather .suggestive of the imagination of a man who has* get'em again," tout the whole work is nevertheless eixceedinglv creditable to the representative of the original liolders of tbe soil. i Metal Markets.—The Smelting Company I at the Dry Creek Smelting Works have received the following cable advice from their London agents, dated Friday, 13th inst. :— •' Standard silver, 3s. 7|d. per oz.; soft Spanish lead £1110s. per ton " Licensed Victuallers* Association.—A meeting of the committee was held on Thurs day evening,. November 12, Mr. A. J. Wight presiding over a good attendance. A letter.was read from the Commissioner of Public Works in answer to complaints made by. the Associa tion as to the manner in which the Bail way Re freshment-rooms Act was being administered by the Railway Commissioners. Mr. Rounse vell's answer was considered very unsatisfac tory and evasive. The correspondence between the Trades and Labour Counoil and the Association^ re the action of the Brewers Employes Union in advertising Union-made beer was referred to. .TheSecretary was in structed to write again asking for the Council's decision. on the questions submitted. An application from a' firm of brewers and one of the members of the Association asking the com mittee to arbitrate on a dispute that had arisen between them was received, ancj it was resolved that the committee accept the task. The case of a member breaking bis agreement to uphold the uniform price of oolonial ale was discussed. Great regret was expressed at the breach of faith, and it was resolved to make another attempt to get the member not to undersell his brother tradesmen. The Parlia mentary Committee reported the progress of the Licensed Victuallers Bill in Parliament, and expressed their surprise at the frequent absence in the House of several members who they were led to believe would give unqualified support to the amendments introduced by Mr. T. Soherk. The Secretary reported that the executive had attended meetings of members at Port Adelaide and Hindmarsh for the purpose of regulating prices. Several persons proposed at previous meeting were admitted as full members. Ten propositions for new members were received. The balance- sheet of the picnic was laid on the table, showing that all accounts had been paid and a small balance • remained over. Lutheran Schools and Free Education.— In order to strengthen the position of the German-English Lutheran schools with regard to the Free Education Act, a conference of the ministers and teachers of th6 Lutheran Synod of South Australia was held in the Vestry of the Germain Church, Flinders-street, on November 11 and 12. The meeting unani mously agreed that unless energetic steps were taken to render the management of their schools as perfect as possible they would soon be ruined, and the existence of the Lutheran Church in South Australia would consequently be very much endangered. It was therefore their foremoBt duty to consider their position under the present circumstances so as to pre serve their Lutheran creed. They had chiefly protested against the introduction of free edu cation because they considered it unjust that the efficiency of their schools was to be judged by the printed standard rules of the public schools, which even many of these wero unable to fulfil to the letter, although they had nothing else to work for all the year round. It was felt that the purpose of the standard could be defined in a broader and fairer sense without making the secular education of tho schools less efficient. Pleasure was expressed that an Act providing a capitation grant had not been passed, and the Lutheran Church would con tinu to oppose it, for as they had to teach their own language besides the English they would always be at a disadvantage as against the English denominational and private schools, and because they firmly ad hered to the principle of a complete separation of the Church from the State. After further discussion the meeting decided that at the next Synod a plan might be pro posed similar to that already adopted by the Anglican Church, viz.,to unite all their sohools under, the jurisdiction of a Central Board of Education' appointed and authorized by the Synod. The isolated management of each school had hitherto been ofgrea disadvantage, and this would certainly become more marked. After this a general conference of: teachers was determined upon to meet! in January next in order to give practical suggestions regarding a general plan of instruction'which had been previously drafted by a'pfellminarycommittee. Personal.—We take the following, bpm the Christian Weekly of November 13The late iur< vr« Qi ouubUj m.,r•; uuru ui tan Treasury, and leader of the House of Commons, was associated in bis ' early days with the Methodist Church. Some still re member the family when they worshipped at Great Queen-street' and other 'West-End Chapels. His father was a stanch supporter of Methodism, and gave £1,000 towards the erec tion of Victoria Chapel, in St. John's Wood. It is said that Mr. W. H. Smith cherished a high esteem for the ChUrch of his boyhood, and gave generous help to the Thanksgiving Fund. _ He was u Christian politician of unblemished integrity. —The Rev. P. R; C. Usher writes an interest ing article on "Adelaide," viewed after thirty years' absenoe, in the columns of the Melbourne Spectator. . He says that during that poriod it has been transformed, transfigured, and glori fied. He speaks appreciatively of its pulpit talent, and thinks that here "there has beenm ire leisure for mental cultivation than in hurrying ecurrying Melbourne." Mr. Usher also says " that it is unchanged in its hospitality, which has long become proverbial." " Nobody could ever say," he adds, "that Adelaide was an uninviting plaoe."—Tom (Mann, the great organizer and labour leader, preached in the Nutgrove Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, St. Helens, on a recent Sunday, taking as his text Luke x. 35, 36. He Baid that the Church, as a body, bad hitherto held aloof from the labour movement, but be maintained that it was a sacred duty of the Church to do all that was possible for the moral, physical, and spiritual improvement of the working classes. He said | that religion and labour wore inseparable, and I that the bettering of theconditioii of the work ing classes was one of the most commendable duties of Christians, either individually or collectively. That both Mr. Mann and Mr. Tillet should obtain the ear of the Christian Churches, as thoy are now doing, is matter for hope and rejoicing— The Rev. W. H. Fitchett, whose champion ship of Australia has brought him into literary prominence in London, is now on his way back in • the Nord-Deutscher Lloyd's' fine steamer KaiserWilbehn IL, which is iimed td reach Meibpu^e op pewmberSi).., The Melbourne Spectator says—', Mr. Fitcpett has improved tne'shinihg hotf during bis stay in England by ' visiting' tppbest educational establishments, .and* taking botes of tjhe latest'anU best English ipethoas. He alAo visited Scotland, and spent ;6on)e.. time in Yorkslure',' 'where he: heard 'one of the' Rev. . E. 'H/'Sudgeri's 'old boys,' the Rev; . Hinsdale , Ycning,. Whom he deBeribefe ' as a magnificent preacher."— The Rev. A, H. Camo, who :4s Foreign Mis sion Deputation has visited1 many of our Cir cuits! finds it absolutely necessary, on account of dutieB pertaining to the Chairmanship of a district, which position he '.holds, to return almost at onoe to. Samoa; he will, therefore close his work here on Thursday, November 26. The Agent-Genekal.—On Monday after noon the Government approved of Sir Arthur Blyth (Agent-General) being granted another month's leave "of absence from November 30, when his present leave will expire. The ex tended leave will be confirmed in Executive Council to-morrow. The Railwat Commissioners ano the Walla noo Sidinos.—On Saturday Mr. J. H. -Smith and.Mr.J.Hill returned from Wallaroo, whither they .travelled on Friday, accompanied by Mr. Roberta (Loco. Engineer) for the purpose of meeting the Managers of the mines and smelting works, and discussing matters connected with the railway sidings there. Mr. Smith says the railway question Wis gohe into fully, but that nothing transpired which would interest the public. ; "The Season's' GREBTma&^-It ' is so long since the old, and in many cases costly, custom of bestowing solid Christmas and New Tear's gifts upon relations and friends slipped away into the limbo of discarded usages in favour of the more artistic and graCeful method of these modern times, that we have almost forgotten exactly what our grandfathers ' and grand mothers favoured in their day and generation. Comforters, mittens, . samplers, - workboxes, jewellery, hampers of game,' and kindred tokens of esteem were largely in vogue during the festive season, but the develop ment of the limner's skill and the astonish ing improvement in those appliances by which the artist's creations are given to the world has changed all that sort of thing, and now kindly hearted people can exchange greetings with their kindred and friends all over the world in a touching graoeful fashion through the medium of the Christinas and New Tear's card. Howmuch this artistic means of showing that oar dear ones are'not "unforgotten though afar" is appreciated is proved beyond question by the enormous busi ness done by the firms issuing the tokens in question, and each year these reminders grow more beautiful and more varied. The signs of the seasons are' indicated by the steady now of Christmas and New Tear's cards which, sets in about November. We have before us now a large, varied, and charming assortment sent us by Messrs. Raphael Tack & Sons, of London. This firm has established a world-wide repu tation for the novelty, diversity, and beauty of the cards which it annually issues. .■ In a recent circular they say:—"In round figures, we disposed last season of some twenty-one million cards, to which must be added about half a million booklets, these being practically cards in another guise and a somewhat more poetic form, employed, as they are, in the same way for seasonable little reminders, and gifts. The Home trade was responsible for about half the quantity named, the remaining half being exported bv.us to nearly every part of the world, the United States standing second on the list, while the Colonies made a good third; the remainder being distributed on the Continent of Europe, South America, the Dutch Possessions, China, Japan, &c.;, &c.;" One might have supposed that the ingenuity and Bkill of its staff of designers had been exhausted by previous efforts, but this impression is en tirely dissipated by an examination of the specimens which are now before us. Not only have familiar designs been improved upon, but new ones in almost countless variety have been added to the list. No less than 1,000 distinct sets of Christmas publications have been prepared by them. Theyhavedevoted special attention to lithographic work, and some of the larger illustrations are exquisite gems of art, perfect in grouping, in drawing, and in colouring. Great prominence is given in the smaller cards to jewelling and rosting, and the devices are beautiful, quaint, and curious according to the taste and fancy of the designer. The festive season must be a perfect harvest to the art student and professional draftsman, not to speak of the ready writer of verse. In the collection under notice there are cards on which exquisite landscapes are depicted, booklets containing choice sketches, floral designs, and peculiar fancies capped by poetical sentiments, while others show that the animal kingdom has been ransacked for subjects. One style of gift is exceedingly tasteful, a book in the form of a harp, and very appropriately oalled stringed melodies, the leaves alter nately embellished with floral emblems, views of wonderful historical \ scenes in the dear old country which Australians with a true British feeling are wont to speak. Of as "home," and scraps of poetry called from the works of writers whose names are household property wherever' the English language is spoken. To those who look'upon'life on the light and laughing'side there are -comical coneeite and fantastic caricatures; to those in whom the hump of veneration is highly de veloped there are Scriptural subjects and moral maxims admirably illustrated. To describe the whole'of these in detail would, in short, take columns of our -space. We have received from Mr. W. O. Rigby, of King William-street, specimens of hand • painted Christmas cards entirely devoted to the delineation of Australian flora, and we under stand that he has a great variety. This is a step in the right direction. Quite recently we had occasion to speak of the tasteful introduc tion of Australian flowers in the ornamentation of high-class ohinaware, and it is gratifying to And that the beauty of our native flowers and shrubs is being recognised. Death of tiie Oldest Australian.—The prevailing disease, influenza, has removed from our midst (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph of November 11) a very old resident of the Ryde district, Mr. William Small, at the age of ninety-six. At the time of his death he was the oldest Australian in the colonies. He came of a family of extraordinary longevity, but being so far advanced in years he fell an easy victim to the scourge. He was born in a farmhouse at Ryde on December 14, 179(1, a few years after the arrival of the first fleet,- his father having reached the colony with the first batch of conviots as a gaol warder. In bis youth he was taught bootmakiug, and worked for Mr. Pope, of Ryde, but his health being bad he was advised to seek some other occupation. He therefore entered the police force, and after ten years'service, during which time he rose to the rank of Inspeotor. ho again changed his occupation and Bought to earn his livelihood as a tiller of the soil. Captain Rossi, of Goulburn (the father of the present Captain Rossi), offered him the management of his run at Goulburn, and as an extra inducement agreed to hand over one-third of the increase of stock to him. His wife, however, being adverse totbis, be replied tbab they, "-must draw the- line somewhere," and oOuld not bury themselves alive. . He then settled at Ryde on a 30-acre estate granted 'to his father by the Government, and passed the remainder of his days fruitgrowing; . He had g wonder fully retentive memory,-and oould remember distinctly events which occurred- almost a : century figo. - Speaking of the old conviot days he more than once was known to say that the excessive brutality of the officers towards the convicts was the cause of the greater number of the crimes committed in the early days of the colony. The law allowed of 999 lashes being administered in the presence of a medioal man, and frequently each lash was administered with a minute in terval. Mr. Small leaves many sons and grand sons, almost all of whom ore gathered round Willianisdale, his pretty little home at Ryde, and in 1888 he had living no less than 268 lineal descendants. Mr. Small's sister Rebecca (Mis. Oakes) was the first white person born in Australia, having been born on September 22, 1789. 1 Field Naturalists.—The annual conver sazione of the Field Naturalists' flection of the Royal Society was held on Tuesday evening at the S.A. Institute. Mr. J. G. 'O. Tepper, F.L.S., occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of members and friends. The Chairman expressed pleasure at seeing so many ' Chairman expressed pleasure at seemg so many present, and briefly referred to the good work done by .the Society during its eight years of existence.. He trusted the excursions would be more largely attended than of" late, and urged those present 'to, induce their friends to ' join the " section. The chief feature of the evening's entertain ment took the form of an exhibition on a screen of objects of natural history by means of the oxyhydrogen microscope. Mr. W. B. Poole explained a number of views of vegetable sections, consisting mostly of the stems of plants, which had been cut very fine and Btained. A good idea of the cell-growth of various plants was imparted by the views. Mr. J. W. Bussell showed a number of photo micrographs, which came out very clearly, and comprised marine objects, portions of insects, ' human skin and hair, besides other objects. He alBO showed some living specimens in water obtained by Mr. D. Fleming from the Botanic Gardens. The inhabitants of the water, including polyzoa, the _ larvae of mosquitos (the latter extremely active), were a source of much interest. Mr. W. Shakespeare, who manipulated the apparatus, afterwards showed some views of bis own, besides exhibit ing various objects through a kaleidoscopic attachment. The meeting afterwards assumed a social form, and refreshments were handed round. " The entertainment, which introduced a new departure from the ordinary gatherings of this kind, was regarded as highly successful. The University or Adelaide.—The fol lowing have been nominated to fill the seven vacancies on the University Council. The election by the' Senate mil take place on November 25:—F. Ayers, M. A., W. Barlow, LL.D., Hon. J. A. Cockbum, M.D., M.P., Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., J. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc., Bishop Eennion, M.A., D.D., A. A. London, M.D., G. J. R. Murray, M. A., and E. C. Stirling, M.A., ED. Sooth Australian Caledonian Society. —The quarterly meeting of this Society was held at the Widows' Fund Building on Tuesday evening. The Chief (Mr. Hugh Fraser, J.P.) presided over a fair attendanoe of members. 1 our new members were elected. The Chief and several members referred to the success of the Halloween Bocial held at the Albert Hall on the 2nd inst. A vote of thanks, proposed by the Hon. John Darling, M.L.C., to the Goodwood Scotch Choir and other ladies and gentlemen for their valuable assistance on that occasion was carried unani mously. It was proposed to hold an enter tainment on the " Burns' Anniversary." Bdbha Waterworks.—The Burra Corpora tion are arranging terms with the Government for a renewal of the Burra Waterworks lease, which expires at the end of the present year. Mr. Jones, the Conservator of Water, visited and inspected the works on Tuesday to make enquiries as to the need of the additional plant— a now boiler and extra pumping machinery which is asked for. The New Under-Secretary ron Ikdia. The Hon. G. N. Curzon, M.P., who has been appointed Under-Secretary for India in place of Sir John Gorst, is the eldest son of Lord Scarsdalc. He is thirty-two years old. He was educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford, and is now a Follow of All Souls' College, Oxford. He was ap pointed Private Secretary to Lord Salisbury in June, 1885. He has written Lothian and Arnold history prize essays, and was Pre sident of the Union at Oxford. He is a Magistrate and Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Derby, for the Southern Division of which he stood at the general election of 1885\. He now represents the Southport Divi sion of Lancashire in Parliament. Water Supply at Paskevillr.—Our cor respondent at Paskeville wrote on November 1C:—Mr. Hicks, ' the engineer at Beetaloo, was here this evening.' He visited the reser voir expeoting to find some water in it, but he sayB it is quite dry. He also states that there iB no'water in the Bute Railway Station dams, and not likelv to be anv. Notwithstanding the Treasurers reply to Mr. Grainger a fort night ago with reference to charging for water not received Mr. Hicks says that he has re ceived no orders than those he had at first, namely, to got the water rate. Many resi dents here refused to pay the rates to the col lector lost week, and they were given seven days' notice to pay. The season has been extraordinarily dry, and to- morrow some farmers will start carting water. The railway dam is almoBt empty, and is not likely to get any more water during the summer. No other water is procurable within many miles, and it seems self-evident that we will soon have to get trains to bring us water fiom Kadina. Colonial Aht.—The latest oil painting by Mr. £. W. Christmas, a very promising local artist, who 'is going to England shortly to enlarge his experience, is a typical Australian landscape near Beetaloo. It is a faithful view of a gum- fringed creek partially dry, with a little pool of water left in the stony bed, tinged with the golden glow of the setting sun. The deepening shadows in the dense growth of treeB on the right bank, about middle distance, are cleverly managed, and contrast well with the clearer view of the distant landscape where it iB more open. On the left bank stands a thoroughly characteristic old gumtree, and this is relieved by the glow at the baok, which throws it ont in clear relief, making it a sort of silhouette against a soft and suitable summer evening sky. A eouple of native companions stand alert oil the boulders wbioh mark the foreground. A Feium) op Stuart's.---The Telegraph Stationmaster, Tennant's Creek, telegraphed under date November 14 to the Postmaster General "Regret to report death of bay cob, name unknown, lost by the late explorer Stuart near the Kersohner's Ponds during his trip across the continent. Will endeavour to obtain and preserve two of his hoofs and for ward to you, but fear late rains have washed remains out of waterhole where he died." This horse, according to Mr. P. Auld, one of the members of tliB party, m st have benu -about flirty years of age. , Labour Matters. — The Port Augusta jDispatck of November 13 saysAt a meeting of the Port Augusta Working Men's Associa tion,' held on Monday last, it was decided to issue a circular to the several kindred Societies in the-North, asking them to appoint delegates to consider the advisableness of forming a District Trades and Labour Council. Last week Mr. Foynton visited Port Adelaide, with a view of interviewing the Working Men's Association there as to the employment of local labour at Fort Augusta on wool ships. Mr. Foynton assures us that a satisfactory arrangement was arrived at after full investi gation had been made. TbapAocidektatMorphettVale.—Alittle boy, six years old, son of Mr. W. Roberts, of Morphett Vale, had his leg brokeu very badly on Friday morning. He was trying to get on to the back of a trap as it was moving, and his foot caught in the wheel, which took it round before the horse could be stopped. Dr. Hor neck set the limb, and ordered the boy to be taken to the Children's Hospital. The Late Ma. A. Smabt.—Mr. Albert Hpiart, a well-known eharebroker of Adelaide, died at his residence on Monday afternoon after a protracted illness. The deoeased, who was thirty-nine years of age, was one of the partners of BIyth, Smart, & Co., timber mer chants, of Pine-street, about eleven years ago. He subsequently carried on the bnmness alone at Hurtle- square^ and about eight years ago he turned his attention to sharebroking. General Booth is Melbourne.—The fol lowing description of a characteristic Salvation Army fete day in honour of General Booth appears in Monday's Argui:—" It began with a procession - fall of life and colour, - and pleasingly varied by a troop of Salvation cavalry, mounted on horses which apparently had not experienced the melting mood of con version. At-the Exhibition the Salvationists abandoned themselves entirely to the wild delirium of tta occasion. They recruited their exhausted spirits immediately with a prayer meeting, and this meeting,-with rare intervals, lasted the whole of the day. Others wandered at random about the building and grounds, sustaining the spirit with halleluiahs and 'the body with bananas, which, posBiblyonacconnt of their true salvation colour, were the favourite article of diet. Then as the afternoon wore-on the 'General' held a special meeting for officers, olosing with the levee, in wbioh he had valiantly barked himself to shake hands with every man, woman, and child who came forward to claim the honour. It was precisely eight minutes to 5 o'clock when the * General' entered upon this herculean task, and simultaneously the drummer of the guard's band flourished his sticks and led the trombones and bombardons into a lively march. Although the faot was not announced on the printed programme, it was evident to the most casual observer that the drummer and'General'Booth were com mencing a competition which must make tremendous oslls upon the physical energy of both, and that the conditions were 'one to win.* The ' General' opened the contest with a cheerful smile, and in two minutes he had sucoessfully shaken hands with forty-five people, as well as kissing three bauies—a deviation from the conditions, whioh seemed to tell volumes for his staying power. The drummer showed no signs of fatigue, but Wheu a venerable man came along and engaged the 'General' in an impromptu danoe a look of anxiety shot across his features. _ A moment later an old lady set the fashion of kissing the ' General's' hand, and _ the drummer's brow cleared. It was a decided handicap. Twenty minutes had passed, and still the 'General shook hands at the rate of twenty a minute, and still the drummer thundered away at the big drum. Bat the ' General's' smile had become mechanical, and at times bis eye wandered uneasily over the vast masses of the unshaken. _ The drummer was still going well within himself, and apparently ready for a desperate finish. As the moments new on he hurried the tempo, and the people moving across the platform in time to the musio broke into a trot. 1 General' Booth's right hand swung back wards and forwards with the regularity of a pendulum, and great drops of perspiration stood out on his brow. But he stuck to his work nobly, and in exactly fifty-eight minutes the last hand had been shaken, and the wearied 'General' sank back in his chair with a sigh of relief. The drummer looked trium phantly at the exhausted figure of his chief. Then be dashed a single drop of perspiration from his brow, and vented his feelings in one superhuman effort to burst in the head of the big drum. The contest was over and the drummer had the belt." A Chemist's Label.—Mr. Juscioe Bundey was on Monday and Tuesday engaged at the Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court in hearing a case of importance to tradesmen andfirms who use labels. Messrs. A. M. Biokford & Sons sought to restrain Mr. John Arthur Provost, chemist, from using a label which they alleged bore marked similarity to that which they used in wrapping up their oough elixir. A strong Bar was engaged on Cither eide. Despite the arguments advanced by Sir 'John Downer, Q.O., M.P.,"the counsel for the defendant. His Honor , found against him. Mr. Provost «VM uv VUD VU1U7 Ul VUni^O Ut bUO l iiiunnj street retail premises of Messrs. A. M.Biokford and Sons. He bought the goodwill of that business, and was for a long timeBupplied with the firm's cough elixir for sale. . A difference arose, and Messrs, Biokford refused to supply Provost with any more cough elixir at the rate they had previously charged. On defendant offering for sale arl article wrapped in the same way, and having an almost similar label, the firm took action. Sir John's main contention was that the plaintiffs having sold the goodwill the sale passed trade ir?rks as well. His Honor in giving judg ment considered that all rights of the retail business did pass to defendant, but not the rights of the wholesale business, and thought defendant was aware of it, or he would not have altered the label in any respect. Shipping at Port Adelaide.—Shipping operations are very brisk just now at Port Adelaide. The New Dock and the Company's Basin are pretty well lined with deep-sea vessels, of which there are some twenty in harbour. In addition to the sailing craft there are fine specimens of ocean steamers. The steamer Strathclyde is at No. 1 Quay discharg- ing 1,700 tons of cargo, among which is a large boiler for the Glanville Sugar Refinery, and which will have to be taken out of the vessel's hold by the South Australian Company's crane. The steamer Nairnshire, which came opposite the South Australian Company's shed on Tuesday afternoon, has 1,600 tons of general cargo for this port. At tbe other end of the Port the Anchor Liner Bungaree is lying. There are also a few intercolonial steamere at work, and tbe usual fleetof coasters and smaller craft. School op Design Exhibition.—There was a very large attendance of ladies and gentlemen at the exhibition of artistic work done by the students of the School of Design, which was opened by His Excellenoy the Govemor, the Earl of Kin tore, on Tuesday. The examples were inspected with great satis faction by tbe visitors. A Pr.OMisiNC Gtmnast.—We are informed that Mr. ' Hugo Leschon, son of Mr. A. Leschen, teacher of gymnastics, Adelaide, has been studying in Dresden, where be has lately obtained the highest possible distinction and several prizes for gymnastics. He is also studying Heil-Gymnastik from the best masters in Dresden, and intends visiting Berlin, Birmingham, Liverpool, and other places in order to perfect himself in the art. WOBD-GUEBSING COMPETITION. — In the case of Smith v. Walsh, in whioh the Hon. C. C. Kingston, Q.C., and Mr. W. Symon were retained respectively for the plaintiff and defendant, the plaintiff has consented to judg ment being entered for tbe defendant without costs, thus terminating the proceedings against Mr. Walsh. . Abchbishop Betnolds.—Dr. Reynolds left by express on Monday from Mount Barker to be present at a meeting of the Arohbishops to be held in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Mel bourne, on Wednesday, and to ' take part in the oonseoration of the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Ballarat on next Sunday. He will return about the middle of next week. Australians ik the Royal Navy.—Certain correspondence relative to the admission of men and ooys of Australian birth into the Royal Navy has been laid before Parliament. The first letter is one dated September 25, ' 1891, transmitting " a oopy of a letter (Sep tember 9, 1891) from the Admiralty, showing the arrangements which the Lords Commis sioners of. the Admiralty are willing to make for the admission into the Royal Navy of men and boys of Australian and New Zealand birth. This question was raised by the House of Representatives of New Zealand in an addresB, of which a copy is enolosed." The address is as follows, and it was presented to Lord Onslow -.—We the House of Repre sentatives of New Zealand in Parliament assembled respectfully request that your Excellency may' be pleased to communicate with Lord Knutsford, asking that alterations may be made in the regulations affeoting the admission of boys aDd young men into Her Majesty's Australasian Naval Squadron, in the direction of permitting one or two of the vessels to be partly or wholly recruited, as vacancies may occur, from persons of New Zealand birth, of sound constitution, good morals,- and who shall have passed an educa tional examination equal to that of the sixth standard of the public schools of the I colony, and such other examinations as the Lords of the Admiralty may prescribe. House of Representatives, June 18, 1891," ■ The following is a letter from too Admiralty to +l«*a nnlnnial OIRoa • *• Admip.tU.V KArtfAIYlKaP the Colonial Office-.—"Admiralty, September 9, 1891. Sir—I have laid before my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty your letter of the 12th ultimo relative to the admission of : boys and young men oi New Zealand birth into Her Majesty's Australasian Naval Squadron, and after full consideration their ' Lordships desire me to state for the informa tion of Lord Knutsford that, while they are not prepared to depart from the prinoiple of the continuous and general service system, their Lordships will be willing to make ar . raDgements for the admission into the Royal Navy of men and boys of Australian and New Zealand birth on the following linesL Able or ordinary seamen to be entered on the Aus tralian Station to fill vacancies as non-con tinuous service men for six months' trial on the station, andif after that time they are found suitable they will be allowed to join the navy as continuous service men, and will be paid (as -continuous service men) from the date of their original entry. Men so entered will be sent to England for training in gunnery, &c.;, but they will afterwards be employed on the Australian Station if they so idesire. II. Roys who volunteer and come up to the standard will be accepted and brought to England for training with the paid-off crews of Her Majesty's ships, and after undergoing the necessary training they will be employed as far as possible on the Australian Station if they so desire." An Adelaide Romance.—A trustworthy correspondent furnishes the following interest ing anecdote: — Many years ago certain residents of Adelaide left England, leaving behind them, on acoount of her extreme weak ness, their then only daughter. The child was eft in charge of the maternal grandmother, who after a snort time died, and then the child was taken charge of by an aunt, who also in the course of time died. Up till thiB everything went on right, but at the death of the aunt, there being nobody interested in the child, she was taken in charge by a clergyman, whodid not even think it necessary to oommunicate with the parents. No letters coming from England led the parents here to seek for news of their child, and after the death of the aunt all trace of her was lost.. Advertisements were inserted without avail.- A sister going home insti tuted enquiries without success, and so the mystery remained as if it would never be un ravelled. A visitor from Adelaide happened by accident to clear it up. She was paying a visit to the village where the parson had gone, and amongst others met the long lost daughter. The visitor, on saying she came from Adelaide, was asked • if she knew any one by the name of , and on her replying^m the affirmative the young lady said, "That is my name, and my father and mother are believed to be in Adelaide." The end of it so' far' 1b. that the young lady arrived per Orient steamer Ormuz on Tuesday morning. Europeans in China.—The special corre spondent of the Melbourne Argtu. telegraph ing from Shanghai on November 14, says:— <' rTIio ' The Chinese authorities have at length taken steps to punish some of those who were conoemed in the recent outrages on foreigners. Two rioters have been beheaded, and others have been beaten with bamboos. The actual leaders of the movement have, however, been screened from punishment. What is more to the purpose, the authorities have to-day paid a sum of 11,000 taels (about £2,500) as an indem nity for the outrages committed at Wuhu, and a sum of 20,000 taels as indemnity to the families of the men who were murdered at Wu-Bueh. On my arrival here, however, I found that these payments have not brought the crisis to a close. Mr. Hannen and Mr. JamieBon, Her Majesty's Consuls, inform me that the trouble is probably over for the winter, but that it will recur in the spring. They deolare that it iB absolutely necessary, if peace is to be pre served; that the foreign gunboats, with which the Yang-tse-kiang positively bristles, shall remain there. Mr. Hannen, however, is of opinion that any serious demonstration by the Powers -would have been followed by a general massao're of Europeans. The port of Shanghai is.at present filled with British, French, and German warships.' Li Hung Chang, the most powerful statesman in China, is playing off Russia against, England. It is understood here that thB advance of Russia on the Pamir Plateau has modified the British policy, and . that the fear of throwing China into the hands of Russia has caused Lord Salisbury to abandon the intended demonstration. There has been rioting near Eoochow, and the revo lutionists have sacked Tehewi. They are J5.000 .strong, and are armed with repeating rifles. . They are everywhere defeating the Imperial troops." ■ ■'' Local Court fob Stibling.—A' meeting . .was held in the Stirling Institute on November 18, 'attended by residents of Stirling, Crafers, and Rridgewater.r to.Gons'tler .the question of .'^establishing a Local Court in the district. ;Mr.iW". H. MilfOrdipresided. 'Mr.;®. ,D. .•H'iihBObj' J.P., ',USdyed1ri-", That it iB desitable . jto^fiMisl),aJshwDphf J;' ilestajpianigan, ' Ppie;silpborted the motion, hut Messrs.' Garrod and Logan were-oppoBed to'it. -The motion -was carried. irewi»,'/w,~ ^\^itfotd,: s:' Ai6ss; r. d. HapSljn, ipr.1 MbLhcnlto.' Mbnzell, Rudd, and ■! Rpgete. were .appoiMod .a pompiittee, with vpower/tQ add .to their number, to approach the Governmenton thequestioa. ! ...■i^'^EBcptoilrikh1 I*bee'.Trapr —On Friday Averring ra fairly well-attended meeting of manufacturers, wfaioh bad been convened by the Chamber of Manufactures, decided that it was 'ldesirable thit Australia should adopt intercolonial free trade as soon as possible, and thatsufficient duties should be levied on over sea imports for the protection of such industries as could be carried on in Australia. The object in calling the meeting was to have an expression of opinion before a conference on the subject to be held at Hobart. Death of Mrs. E. Goui.d.—Mrs. Gould, j widow of the late Mr. Eplira-im Gould, an old colonist and an ex-Major of the Town of Hindniarsh, died at her residence, Ninth street, Bowden, on Saturday night, after only a fewdays' illness. It is only five weeks to day since we published the announcement of the husband's death, and gave a short account of bis career. Death of A. E. Edits.—Our corre spondent at Two Wells writes:—"Surprise and regret are expressed at the somewhat sudden death of Mr. A. E. Ellis, which took place after less than a week's illness at, his residenoe, Two Wells, on Saturday morning. Deceased had been a resident of the town for about five years. Qe took an active interest in tree-planting, and it is due to his exertions that the reserve adjoining the police station presents such an example of what the district would grow if that branoh of industry received more attention. Be was comparatively a young man, and seemed strong and healthy till seized by this last illness. He leaves a wife and five children." The Date Mb. T. Barnes.—Our obituary I column announces the deatfa of Mr. Thomas Barnes, sen., which occurred on Sunday at his residence, Magill. Mr. Barnes was seventy three years of age, and came to South Aus tralia forty-five years ago. For many years he held the position of Clerk of the District Council of Burnside, and later he was engaged in farming pursuits on Yorke'e Peninsula. The cause of death was pneumonia, which super vened on influenza. Sudden Death in a Restaurant. —On Saturday afternoon, at about 2 o'clock, a fanner of Blyth's Plains, named George Sem mens, aged sixty, arrived in Adelaide by rail, and went witn his wife to the Cyclorama Dining-roomB in Hindley-Btreet. He bad just begun a meal when he suddenly fell back in his chair and expired. Dr. Dines answered a telephone call promptly, but could do nothing. We are informed that deceased had suffered from influenza about twelve months ago, and since then had experienced shortness of breath and pains in the region of the heart. Our Blyth corresspondent' writes on November 16: —Very widespread regret is felt here at the sudden death of Mr. George Semmens, Chair man of the Blyth District Counoil, which occurred in the city on Saturday. He left home in his usual good health in the morning and expired while at dinner in Adelaide. The remains are being brought to Blyth by train for interment in the Blytb Cemetery. The funeral of the late Mr. George Semmens, who died suddenly in an Adelaide restaurant, was very largely attended to-day. On the arrival of the tram from Adelaide at midday the remains were conveyed to the Blyth Wesleyan Church, of which the deceased was a pro minent member, where a short service was conducted by the pastor, the Rev. J. Gilling ham. The children of the Wesleyan Sunday-school, of which the deceased was Secretary, were also in attendance, under the charge of the Superintendent, Mr. Wiltshire, and placed floral wreaths on the coffin. The remains were then conveyed to the Blyth Public Cemetery, followed by a long cortege, consisting of between forty and fifty vehicles and numerous horsemen. The debased was one of the first settlers in the district, having at first occupied a part of the Old Emu Flat mineral survey. He was selected as a Coun cillor when the Distriot of Blyth was formed, and with the exception of a few short intervals was connected with the Council up to the time of his death. In all other local matters he took a prominent part. He leaves a widow and agrown-upfamily." Accident.—The $.£!. Sl/ir of November 13 reports that Mr. W. Hart, of Elizabeth-street, met with a somewhat severe acoident on Wed nesday. He had driven up from MacDonnell Bay, and was about to take the horse out of the buggy, bub before doing so booked the buggy into the ehed where it is usually .kept. When ho oommenccd to release the horse the animal apparently thinking itself , at liberty started to turn round, with the result that Mr. Hart was severely oruslied between the shaft and a post, sustaining severe internal injuries. As Mr. Hart is eeventy-eighfc years of age it is probable that be will be confined to the house for some time as the result of the mishap. A Useful Masonic Career.—At the first roeetipg of the new Commercial, Lodge, No. 39, 8.A.C., held.on Saturday evening, Novem ber 14, at the Freemasons' Hall, ^Flinders street, a special honour for services rendered to the craft in general was conferred upon several prominent Freemasons, One of the most de serving of thoBe to whom honour was paid is Brother W. Barlow, LL.D. (Dublin), who has been for many years a very useful though modest and gratuitous worker in the ancient craft. Prior to coming to South Australia Dr. Barlow was Master of the Military Lodge in Dublin. He worked with acceptance as Master in the Mostyn Lodge, working under the Irish Constitution, in this city. Whilst the new South Australian Constitution was strug gling for recognition in England the doctor visited the old country and assisted the move ment towards that end in at substantial way. For the last two years be has been at | the head of Lodge St. AJban, founded a couple of years ago. Not only as Master of Lodges has he made his influence felt. For two years Dr. Barlow waB President of the Masters' and Wardens' Association in South Australia, and to his valuable papers and rulings might be attributed much of the success of that body. In connection with Lodge St. Alban he has perhaps been the most con spicuous figure. The design of this Lodge is to be essentially a Masonic literary body, and Dr. Barlow's address in leaving the chair is spoken of as being unsurpassed by any of the discourses upon kindred subjects hitherto pub lished in Australia. In addition to the work in connection with his Lodge and with the Masters' and Wardens'Association Dr. Barlow has been elected by prominent members of the craft to the highly important work of super vising the compilation of the new ritual, which we are informed is fairly well on its way to com pletion. Besides being a Past Pnnoipal of the Royal Arch Chapter of Ireland he is a Knight Templar m tbe United Religious and Military Orders of St. John, Palestine, Rhodes, and Malta. . .. ;. .A Nefarious Practice.—We have seen a circular and a bottle of solution called the New Electro Silvering Solution, which, it is alleged, has been sold to people under the pre- tence of coming from:Meases. A. W. Dobbie and Co's establishment. The circular bears at the foot the name of R. G. Dobbie & Co., and the person or persons who have sold tbe solu- tion have done so, representing that they came from Messrs. A. W. Dobbie & Co. When ques- tioned as to the differenoe in the initials they are stated to have explained that a printer's error was responsible for it. We are informed that electroplating can only be done by a proper electro-depositing process, while the solution which has been foisted on tbe public as being an electroplater, when applied leaves a polish for a few hours, after winch the article turns black. It is simply a solution of common mercury. Messrs. A. W. Dobbie & Co. call attention to the matter by advertisement, and are offering a reward for the apprehension of the persons guilty of the false representa- tions in respect of the firm. It is stated that the practice has been going on for two or three years. 