CAPITAL AND LABOR. In a recent address delivered by the Archbishop of York to the workin? men of Hall Mb Lordship remarked :— ? Wh«n we reid our books of political economy we read about labor and capital on every otiv-r pasre- labor with a very bia L, aad capital with a very big C. (Laughter.) Labour and Caniral ! Well. now. it is all very well to write and read about labor with a big L and capital with a big C ; but what I want to know is, has any man in this room ever seen labor with a big L, and capital witb a big C, outside a book? I never have. What yeu do see is not labour and capital, but labourers and capitaliB's, and that ib a very different thing; because, then you come to deal with that queer old-world, old-fashioned, mysterioaR, difficult thing that you do not find in books,, but that you do find in men nnd women, whicb we call human nature. (Hear, hear.) I think tbot you w;ll agree with roe that there is a great d -al of human nature about men. (Laughter.) If you come to settle what labor is to do for capital, and what capital is to do for labor, it Is all very wll in tbe book ; but when you come to deal with men in tbe shop, id the factory, in the street, with tbeir passions and thsir prejudices, with their needs, with their aspirations, with their sorrows, with their trials, with all the infirmities which infect and weaken our human nature, it is not so easy a thing to arrange the. relations between those who suffer and toil and those whom they look upon as free from toil and suffering. It is not so easy a thing to adjust men and women and children as it is to adjust words with a book, and, therefore, I do not think you would be wise in going to tbe clergymen of the parish, or even the archbishou of the province to settle ail these trade disputes, I beard with the greatest delight what your representatives of yonr trade societies aaid to-night about conciliation, and boards of arbitration, and -hit T/mnf«u. in what I should like to' see growing more and morn amongst you. Shall I tell you how the Apostles, whom we are bound to follow, settled a question of money long ago? It has always seemed to me very instructive. There was dispute in the early days of the Christian Church about the distribution of money, very much what it is about now— (laughter)— and there was a murmuring between the Christian* and Hebrews— two different classes — aud they came to the Apostles to complain, to ask them to settle it. Now, what di i the Apostles say? They said, * It is not meet that we should leave the Word of God to serve iables. We have something else to do; we have to study he Word of God, and care for your souls ; but we are nol in different to your bodies by any means— only we think yon can manage ibis matter better than we can do.' They 8«id, ' Choose you out seven men from amongst you wbo can settle this business ; and the saying pleased the multitude, and they chose se*en men who were full of faith and the Holy Ghost, and those seven men disposed o[ the question justly and reasonablj ; at any rs'e, we read no more of r in the bh'ory. N'W, I venture to say to you, my de-c friends, aud 1 trouM say -h« Mine to you em-.iloyers Sn.1 capitalists it I were adum siiig them, choo« you out of your o-vn body hone.4tmen.and, if you e»n.flndllv:r., Christian men— (ap»iau*e) —choose you out meu who desire to be just, cboo»e yo-.i out men who feel that thuir iellnw-moi-. ore brothers in Cbriat, and tha' they must think as rou^h of then as they do of them selves. Choose eucba board of conciliation or arbitration (call it what you like), choose hones', kindly men choose pac tical men who know what they arc rie»!i'£ with. Settle them together to con^i - ?-.» what is tuht, and 1 believe that o it ;.£- that conference there can come ojoreg-J than woul I come out of reams of po-H a economy and armies o( political epjutei* stirring you up to strife.' 