Amusements. ''The Corsican Brothers' at Her Majesty's has justified the wisdom of Mr. George Eignold in reviving that play. It bids fair to hold its own very well indeed with many, if not most, produc tions which are supposed to bS more directly in touch with the taste of the present day. Little matters which slightly detracted from the fall effect which, with such a stage as that of Her Majesty's, and such improved means as are now available, was to be looked for in the ghost scenes, have been pnt right, and everything works as smoothly as could be desired. Mr. Bignold appears to the utmost ad vantage in the duel scene. Like a very much greater representative of the twin brothers, Ckarles Kean, his acting as Fabien dei Franchi in the earlier scenes is wanting in ease and light ness, but, again like his distinguished predecessor, he is at his very best in the tragic situation with which the drama ends, and in that which imme diately leads up to it. Mr. Bland Holt and company are doing well at the Eoyal in ' London Day by Day.' The east all round is a strong one. Mr. Bland Holt has a character which may be said, in a phrase appro priate to it, to suit him 'right down to the ground,' and evidently it suits Mr, Holfe audi ences too. At the Garrick Theatre Mr. J. P. Sheridan in the burlesque of ' Little Black- eyed Susan ' has been playing Captain Crosstree, and exhibit ing that noble commander in a light which is subversive of all the laws of gravity. Mr. Sheri dan, indeed, assumes two or three disguises, the first of which introduces him in an aspect which is at once suggestive of a the Count' of Monte Christo and the Wandering Jew. He is very funny in each and all of his disguises, and is well supported by his company. On Saturday evening next there will be a revival of 'Fun on the Bristol,' in which Mr. Sheridan has so often provoked roars of laughter, as he doubt less will again, as Widow O'Brien. All the signs which ate usually considered as indicative of a healthy state of things are to be noted in connection with Mr. Dan Tracey's Vaudeville Company, at the School of Arts, The hall is invariably well attended, and very often chock full in all parts. The company is a most capable and carefully selected one, and in the diversity and agreeable lightness of the enter tainment which it offers fully answers to its dis tinctive title. The Alhambra keeps up its old reputation for minstrelsy and variety business, Mr. . Frank Smith having now gathered under his banner a very strong array of talent in both of the depart mentsref erred to. Messrs. Hugo, Delowery, Sadler, and Eocldoy keep the corners lively. Sentimental as well as comic songs have capital representatives. In song and dance1 specialities thore are admirable performers, both male and female ; arid particular mention may be made of the very diverting musi cal act of the fiarvey Brothers. The view of the Battle of Gettysburg continues to attract a large number of visitors. The repre sentation of the battle field by night, and the effects with which it is accompanied, excite tho liveliest interest. The Bedfern Skating Sink in Cleveland-street is weekly increasing: in popularity. The hall is crowded with skaters both afternoon and evening, and Mr. Garten is untiring in his efforts to pro mote the cemfort of his patrons. A grand plain and fancy carnival and ball is announced to take place on the 13th instant, and a 1-mile champion race on the 22nd. There is every prospect ot a splendid season in the Wagga district. , . . . About 150 officers of the Australian Joint Stock Bank assembled at Gunsler's XtoomB, Pitt-street, last evening, and celebrated their first smoke concert of tho season. Mr. William Eeid (one of . the vice-presidents) presided. Pleasure was given to the company by an agree able selection of vocal and instrumental music, and in a few instances talent w«£ manifested abojre ike amateur average. . Mr. L. Bellingham was really funny (and clever, too) in his sketches of police, court babitaee, but his knowledge of police eourtprocedure is— perhaps complimentary for himself— a bit faulty* In response to con tinued calls be gave a humorous recitation entitled 'Spot/' of which the avferage police c Art critic wouli observe ' There are no flies on that.'. An excellent surprise programme brought' the concert te- a successfnl termSiatioa; . ;-? ^i^Brigade-Surgeon W4UiainsirI».MX-., has been .granted leaiMB of absence from May 11 to June 15 |iixt. ; Surgeon ; J3 wansfcbn. will assume command of the Permanent Medical StatiCorpB durinjSfthat '&^-%i?.*xW:^f-'?* - ' W-'^:--;£::^--: ?-?-?'??.,-' »o»iw(IB»l»i«*oB(IaaUaearit«,e«Bja«rB0,-0. 