-fHE 11 LAOIES' PAGE. I ; — Miwi y ' aib..,. ») a TttSirib M:-. 7 '< /.>: 5 fccie ' -18KX JP- P."?1 " - -j'» K&tlfceirl;#@iB«-£7rel|lj'B9c»AiumflmMgmerai' rna&tgnQiSSwp; the!Bath-f- ftrtuonHottK -V' « in»tati reewtaxrivaii vh&hae; Oxhibitedat'-fclfo Rdyal Aaadaifei TM yriiiiehgsj whWwere4ispteywlto j&ekeehept; interest y tbfi writers.- -£wo pt the rifotbilhrag rQH t&esday; obtained a gold medal >at the JubQeeEifeibititm lof/the Royal Botanical Society. Xjfc wonldsSem ghost flower-painting is the: lajaffB tfdrte, though landscape and porteaRwere afeoin- ; ohidod in lint ., (ha . piotaro ol pansies, agnod by tt© iEnapree8 Ftedmaek,- perhaps posBoflBOfl fhembftt interest fob the 'Hnpany. A musical pflraiQme" $j|$J prevjded, tiader Qwdire&&>n o£ Signer fle J&eaupuis;, and . tff'ftdAa - Tln JUnAaWi Oil!' TTarnitian and' JTre. rKafcticgB' contributed \«Ccetftble items . Xgbt fimtrits J"';' aerrcd,; ''%&£, .a ' piBaa»i;ia£ pale Hue trimmed with gold, Miss Bell grey. X have received from Messrs. Martin and Hicks a little bookGalted The Writing- desk Bcek whioh '. is ri' compeiidiata of information that vsjll be useful te writers. So frequently ladies inquire bowto utilise some fragrant dower as a satchet brperfume, : that I insert the f eagy -way of getting a home- made extract from any odoriferous dowers : — In some of Ihe flower-growing countries the " cold process, of procuring essences is preferred. c Pore, fresh lata is spread from .a fourth to a third of an inch deep bvera glass tray, and the : freshly gathered flowers are strewn upon it. A j sheet of glass is plaoed over the tray, aadheld ; in position by means of the frame at a height of j about 4in. Alter a- cettaia period, varying: from six to 1 2 hours, .the flowers are replaced ' by fresh ones : and this change is repeated more or less frequently (according to the nature of . the flowers used) until the lard has absorbed a sufficient quantity -of the odoriferous oil. ' In thh Case of the jasmine "The flowers mfrst be re newed 30 times before die lard becomes properly charged with their odour, _ while the violet requires 60 and the "heliotrope S0 of these changes to produce a satisfactory perfume. The ' lard is afterwards, melted and mixed with alcoholic spirits, which combine with the volatile oil and rise to the surface. This fluid is then skimmed off and Altered. ; A few weeks ago, I, gave some hints on bath preparations, which some of my corres- poedeBtsheve - toH -me tbey-formd most for the bath, moat refreshing in the .hot weather, easily, md.mtirfonyym . Mix together thoroughly loz. of tincture of orris, loz. of -tincture ofr benzoin,: 10 drops of Oil of nerolijjhnd JbONlrops of Oil rof lemon, and beep in a weil- bofked bottler YThen required for thb'haflhai a tabcmfnlpf |S£ iaiscturq to apiht bf Ipn-waatiEtQ. jit siiu.baizr .tha water milk-white, ana will then emit its, fcrua perfnme, whBreaain the bottle its odour is anyt thlpg but pleasant. After the bath with soapt iad water is completed apply this scented wated ill over the surfaced, the hody by means of af >ft doth, and let it dry thoroughly. This? idition to the bath will be found to impart? ot only a dainty sweetness to the person, but£ !so a wondsrfm ; sot tness 'and - emoothneste '-to I he skin. The ateve 'formula may be varied inl &e; matter of essences, to suit personal taste, | but thabenzoin shbBla never be omittcd, as it? $ that which gives permanence to the perfume I ind proves eo benefiqd to teldn.. ; . i | Thb pretty c-orelet styles so fskshionafeie ; fer ladies' wear are repeated for young girls. i!Kjg?w rnp/#i M-oai'-' _ y ery:. prpty jare deg gidjf :aoqOTdlBa- hodke dross is now aeen with a vdvet Swiss belt. - 1 Skke to manyi ditBe fcooks are' made longer, ipr, raflber thewfappdar lo the wiii8t<'>ia Icept Hu mML tfee id puffs, after the Empire gownp. i 'S'lami caehwmBtfe. and BinfllVr flnewocJ-Ii are combined .'fffh' Silk hird 1 et for i&epti; pfaidnte-, crose and Mk, trimming ha theiiakirk ain. | wide rftbomvelYet iB usas fihish at the: exbremeedge. - " <3hildren'Sjadpeta dUhown! for a longer basque, while military braidis a; useful triirrmmg -until fur is resdled heeded. ' Many littla dr eases when composed of rich clpih are merely worn with a oape for pro menade, capeB being as fashionable forbhil- drbnaafm ladies. Tweed drehses are heariy Ihlyslain .in vttfdEfiu . Jnst a piain Bkirt ; sed hito front band, and folly gathered or box-pleated at back.; otherwise a pleat or two is formed down either side of the tonic front, thus lending the effect ot a panel. Another style opens on the one side only tore veal ayelvet foundation. New4 too, ie the skirt with its entire tuiness rannea out at ine nacE, ana wjbioh the ;French GaR jupe imulce, 8mc& it moulds, or flts the hips perfectly. - 33ie bbit. skirt, with front out' all in one, -and the fulness removed from hfpd with gores, is still favoured, and this ia seen whh a variety of foot trimmings, also worn with a deep piped hem. There is ho doubt but that die-style for tweeds will continue to be of the simplest, while materials of a soft cHhging nalhre will lje ! relieved by" a lew f0ldj>.'- ; ... V , As.yet amart crinoline and Clancy ateaws are employed, a pretty shape havmg " a raantled brim, and dowers oyer /tiie croWh. Berries are being well , worn, especially the purplish berry, which goes so well wiih the petunia iade« now «o fashionable. Bed currants make np prettily for just now, as also t do nuts, small plums, and: mountain ash. berries'/ ; . Tweeds axe mostly of a twill nature, which ' produced a change frdm those we have been wearing, and many beautiful tarthna ane shomgf aegiidai .thAHueahdiggeen mix. turee- wHgIl make up very stylishly. ; Swrge, navy Hue MfAcially, is much favptow; hlues ihe leading colp 'this .ktsohj not only f for jackefcs sand long mantles braided with black, and most serviceable mid generafly be. coming is this cbloSir', There are' many pretty :greysj5q, ihtudiiiga gjceeniginy, while petunia shade is effective, especially in velvet, whichj by the way, will be in much dcinasd this season . : Ite&p; bines ape., very fashio>iablef therrfore serge holds its own, the newest makes show ing a decided coarse twill or diagqna! affect. So prominent ie blue, .that it is introduced in ! all Ihe new gxeensy which are mostly of a 1 bluish tint, and axe very soft and becoming. Greys "arS also well-worn, stei, dull stiver, pearl, and lavehdet greyB leading just now. Black is much worn, as also is deep butter - ; cup mtd oxng» yellowe, which are especially chosen for stylish evening gowns, over which is worn afuM skirt of spotted or figured Rus sian heh The ealk islip i&.made a&a; gored foandatkm nice and fullat back, and finished with two pinked- out flounces. "'The "''her to go overhw sidel mid very full at back, finisheda deep hem ux whioh very narrow- ribbon is run m and out, or else a ruche of the net is of tep seen, while blaek feather ruche forms another finish to these styli. bvehing skirts, which . are nmii afriffe Ic&g; dt the hack, Tjijere ,is a idyly fjhkde of bhrgreen, also jturquoure \- render this heading " Bita wfll be glad g I gmggMgto clearly and conciBelyVtbat miteuahtN will be ixuBerted ahd adbarofledged; i -.aiHBOTHiNflioiO '-ovt. L BajDIShPods. — Owld-any«f yonreorreeponi Ky8 ' Ten Cbeul — Will someone kindly inform the cheapest way Cff tfDtg iMffgflSpmfflrahop r — WzngmD, ;.g- /""'..IT a.V|# r Chksse.— WOfldscaia of yOtffSoMwrrea- ponflSt eajodrp O'frjaSiieese ?i % T ffirottgh youigluabmnaood- Wmple recipe for malSttg vin-rr-fBapqi' QuEBiES.— Se of typmp reactew in form me of a »d Untedufctspr«ftwyin fruit ie keep focto w%d»n8eyd«rted ; it; did not keep) E Anxicpts, peaMpears, I; ilka best. Can aayiie-||ipwE best to feed parrots with, and hOTPh%eaJ"them, as I am a great toveror dizos rowus paurrvwy 4 — a-\ Young Wife and a Loveb of Hojib. ;; Polishing Iboh. — Would one_ of your:, readers kindly state the GO&t; of one, if .it should: be . used and for how long? — Wiltjamb-- town. . Song Wanted. — Ck»uld any of your corres pondents kindly send tne the words. of " Mollie Barimg -Constant Readeb. Mousnino -W reaths. — Can - any of your correspondents kindly inform me the best way to nuike monmfng wreaths suitable for laymg on graves. I Imvajjinade the ! oundstioii: of cypress and ivy tendrils hdi perhaps there H a better method, and I am anxious to know. — Anxiety. Whiting Material Case. — Could any of your many readers furnish me with hints on making a writing esse that will hang on ihe wall and look like a wall pocket? — A Constant Reader. -Quek v.— Will someone kindly give me a simple cure for unpleasant taste in the mouth in the morning ?- — A Constant Rbadeb. Chemicat — Would any of your renders tell me the chemical used to keep milk sweet In hot weather? You will greatly oblige A Constant Readee. v " Hyhx Wanted.— W here can I find the words of Arehdeacon- Parmr V Cfaristmas HyamV' bediming, Bd in want ?? — Readefu r . - ' Wall Rockets.— Will someone tell, me - how . to make bo me cheap and pretty wall pockets ? and oblige. — Ruby. ,- — ; t\ i - Query. — W ould rEousewife -kindly tell me how she makes her bread with the acid, yeast and do y&ft; pot thnmnquaatyof acidyisiBt in as you would hop yeast r" Win it dd to put potatoes in the yeast in summer time ; also : do you set a sponge at night? I bave tried the acid yeast before, but coul Will it do to mix a little hop yeast to help it to work, and how long before yoii want itrare you to make the yeast ? — A New Beginner. X>£a8 Cake.— Would ,/Nin.eteea- Years-a - Baker," give me a recipe for a cheap Christmas cake, and a Christmas pudding? — SUBSCRIBER. Meat Pies. — Would some erne tefl me how to make meat pies like the bakers sell ? — Sub- scbibee. - Tripe;> — Can auyone/t(t mfiilijfe to -fry tripe in batter, and should Uie tnpe' be hbUed (partially eocked) !bef batter r —Annie. Oaier .--W.hat is tfce h®t way to preserve and botttethem ? — Cafes. 7/ hind reader obl wifli the wbrda of &: temperance recitation heginning wiHi.%MSh« was .drunk — mad drunk, was Molly7fhe night that I saw her first ; I have seen some tertiblb -cases, but her's was "the very" worst"?— A Constant Reader. ? r >. -> vj Would " Nineteen "?ears" a Baker" kindly ten me how to make; little taxis light an A flakey, like I see them in bakers'' window#? I have made them as follows -—Three-quarter : pound butter in llb. -flqur, diyidod Jbtttter- j in three, rubbed "one-third in, then rolled i ihe other two-thirds separately, sprinkling each ! lot with flour, then let it stand fQt half anhqhr. They rise ffnrly wel!, but not so well us I wish, and then the next day they seem a little tough;' — Housewife. - iNjWERjj, . GiYO.-rhe Gaelfe 4or the hame 5ohn is' ! Eion; aiid not Iftn.— BtIJirl. ; Ginger Ale. — Boil 3oz» of bruised ginger in ffiree galloiMi of wator ?very ieiewly forbad houfc, . aiffi fSlb. -of! loaf Boar, aifcd boff '10 minutes longer ; have in a pan loz. gf crsamof tartar and the rind Amd juice of two' large lemons, and pour fhe boiling ;iiquqr On - them : rfir well, and when jirst tepid ; put m half a quartern or rather more hf good 'fresh yeast. : Ckver, and let it work for three days sknu- ming now and again. Strain through a (dqth or a flannel and.bottle. ; - Ti v 1 Ginger BNEfi-Take 4gal, -of watm. 1 2oz of ginger (bruisl and"toz. bf lip 4) tedf an hour, and stirm llb. of sugar. When luk© warm, add a little yeast ; bottle next day, and it ' " "" ." t to a boil ; boil 20 minutes ; then stir iff 4 lib. 1 sugar ; kanstrirmg until dlved. into a raes-rth&n; crocl best — cbver -with tM |VOQlIeni othjwntei lukesArm ad pinsBMt ; ie£' worfclsours. Mean- time soak loz. tartaric add and foz. isinglass in pint of cold water, and stir miq4he beer to clear it. It will theu be readyMi bottle : ,or- better, to sate trouble of bDttliug, put into King Rtver. , . . i . „ a.. _ .... j Furniture FousH.--FOrrdSr; — — ytuW .ko taste ; wo ana amsy tweq powdwi mdjated f?L in the apoon: tbenwithtfae Borne on the fop of oak%Aad liflit smoom. it over fotopmad da. eighth of an inch thick ; now: jmtit away W dj, which it will do in a fe w honrs. Sfawgd vonwanta pink colour, uae tdropotttefflSBtt You can buy cochineal from most caomttts. Marion. , , „rx,\\.ira£:' jagaaS&s; Cholfleub au Gbatin.— Half bofl the caniifiower iff salt and vR j take it drain and divide in two ; Piece ® thick craim; then cover with fine-seasoned crumbs and butter : put into theoven and bake till crumbB are a light proved by bottling off and keying In a cool place. THodown the corks It improTes the barley to bake ft in the oven for Ifl 0 If minutes sltsi the bread is taken out. Found to be very successful. — Rook. To Rejcove Sun-burn.— Of scraped horse radish take as much as will fill a &bkspoo;&, pour on it half -pint of warm milk; use It before washing, allowing it to diy on the skin before applying the water. Tried suc cessfully. — Rook. Old Rhymes.—" J. Crisp" wifi . find many old rhymes like the one he - quotes in Gole s .«» Funny Picture Book/' Cole's Book Arcade. — Forester. Ironing a Shirt.— To iron a white shirt use one tab! espopnf ul of starch, to mm pizit ef "watelr7 an3 half a teagjoontul ofglom, ? I: pay 41 for a box ofglbss, and it lasks we months. Roll thaHrirt up for 10" miliutti before ironing. — FohESTKR. j , \ j?\ / J I Toothache. — If -. a - " Bush 1 bonate of iron for toothache and neuralgia, I am sure she will fiad great ,f3&xiswa;' for years from weakness of the .iwaFeB-in the head "and face, ahd tiedr lmanjPd|ff&eff;| remedies. Some would give tempotary relief ; some were no good, till about two years ago I wasa|hrised to - fry carbonate of iron (not thHur: the carixmute is a powder. I took sixpence worth in six does, one every other morning, and have never had a pain in my head or face since. K " Bush Girl" tries this Sfi6hmike tb know the1 result through The Weekly Ttnte aA T am convinced it is a sure CUre.-©DRESTEE. ... _ Shirtb.— I have always fonnd thefollowing method successful in iroffm weshirta : — 33lxhalf a cup oi staijffi -wilK-ime c&p; of cold and sape A pfee'pt xwis and "nuanInto it, then pour 12cupe tff?0hot (not boilingy water on the starch ; stir, and let stand until the following day, or longer, as tareh-iSithpTovcd by king, but u must beten not to let any daBt fall into it." the shuts lie flveurs after stskdung. - Before ironing rub WeRwith & elean doth. Be careful about the iron, which should be very dean. Uae a fcfaiit- board for the fronts of shirts. Suffi- fiieojtimsaveml. shirts. ; - Solf that wants die song " That islov©i"\iwiU net it in & 19 sonc-book "An. tralian Melodist," price 6d;t at Cohens Book Arcade. — Irkna Janet. . ff dhgiss Aphles. — The . way to dry apples : There upa small Amerifean apple parer and corer, inexpensive, and very suitable for that. Pare a» quartern or TEmaHer if preferred, " and iget a large packing-needle - and thread, and pass through the quarters like threading a bead necklace, then nan g over the line in the sun to flyjgawqi.feis-, >&. 1hem-frr6m -getting - damp. Yhen perfectly dry unthread and put in a wooden box in a gtple rrjtedy for a .Sick- head ache. Takli a leinon and squeeze the juice into -a cup of hot water, without any sugar is" much more beneficial, and drink slowly and not too hot. .Esparaly.. U you are .subject- ttoih, taketcb, lemons for a few days at a time firsk thing in the morning, about an hour before tiuAiuti and last thin0, poinff to KeA [?] mtii.- .--fikl to mee Eager" to discuss Maltese lace-making. I, atitch. d should 8Q aopswrhqmoukl advise me. -<&? ' Eager" baraa tosenher abbess to Bo%)in?» care S 