THE BARNARDO array. Silt, To fairly substantial response already made to the Barnardo appeal is one of the most pleasing features of the people of Tasmania. Since, on the one hand, many of the kindly, and, we understand, chiefly poor donors, have been doubtless influenced by simple faith in the represented usefulness of the institution and sympathy with the declared objects of its founder; and, on the other hand, considerable numbers who can well spare their welcome miss hesitate to unloose their purse strings from the reasonable difficulty of distinguishing it from the host of other claimants You promiscuous charity. I beg leave to give my version of the matter, based on personal experience. I would promise, at the outset, that I am a severe sceptic in regard to the efficacy of most forms of charity, public or private. I agree in the main with the avowal of a great English judge, that numerous as were the sins - he had committed, he trusted they would all be forgiven for having resolutely abstained from the deadly sin of promiscuous charity." In the same sense we may interpret Ruskin's saying, that " more harm is done by indiscreet praise than by indiBorcet blame." It is truly unfortunate for the really deserving recipients of generous help that they are too often con- founded with the mob of beggars whose in- digence springs from indolence, want of foresight, or vice. Not less is it to be deplored that corporate caterers for the alleviation of public woes are perhaps forced to adopt the mendicant whine, and to resort to the mean and con- temptible artifice of working on the morbid vanity and weakness of human nature. Hence, it is unfortunately too easy to point out many institutions revelling in ill-gotten abundance, while the few of a genuinely meritorious stamp languish for a little timely help. Then, there arises the broader question, namely, to what extent inconsiderate relief is destructive of a spirit of independence and systematically breeds pauperism instead of judiciously and wholesomely nipping it in the bud, With regard to ourselves, for instance, I had, as a member of your excellently administered Charity Commission, more food for thought than I cared to swallow, much less assimilate and while gazing at the unspeakably filthy and uncontrolled gutter children that swarm in this land of plenty, and are born and bred in the pig- styes (insufficiently piggish in the eyes of your Corporation) that adorn the back slums of your fine streets, I feel con- strained to make a probably imprudent inquiry into the organisation, principles, and modus operandi of your well intentioned Benevolent Institutions. At all events, they clearly do not proceed on the now recognised infallible lines of the Charity Organisa- tion Society of London. Where are your clean, tidy, and cheerful brigades of shoe blacks and message boys ; your trustworthy commissionaires, your truant officers and visiting inspectors ? There is not a shadow of a ghost even of a feeble imitation of the right way of helping your fictitious juvenile poor, or, indeed, your meretricious human vermin now infesting your two leading cities towards habits either of industry or virtue. Having had occasion, as co-trustee with a former resident of Hobart, Colonel Seddon, to carefully scrutinise the character and aims of various public institutions for tho purpose of administering a handsome charitable bequest. it was decided that, of all the roger claimants none seemed so con- spicuously eligible as Dr. Barnardo's Homes. First of all, the man himself, who, from trifling beginnings has, by 24 years' hard labour, created, by means of inconceivably resolute struggles against an unbelieving public, a huge institution, with various essential branches, devoted to the education, feeding, and clothing of juvenile outcasts, commanded our abstract respect and veneration. Secondly, we found that the nobly sacrificing individuality of his character shone over, and inspired every detail of his brilliant work. The grand law of sympathy permeated each and everything connected with the gigantic task he had, at first single-handed, undertaken, and in spite of the scoffs of the ignorant, and even the sneers of rival self assumed philanthropists, h'lB triumph over the rougher ingredients of humanity has been complete. Thirdly, the lads whom he has rescued from lives of infinite degradation, and not only trained, but habituated to be come good and useful members of society, are precisely akin to what we would wish our own sons to be-industrious, respectful, and helpfully considerate. Fourthly, he sends forth the cream of the cream of his human products into those colonies that desire an infusion of new blood of a whole- some and vigorous type, I would therefore here venture to offer a suggestion, by the acceptance of which the widows' and the poor mans' water that have been sent from here to assist a splendid achievement, the fruits would be returned an hundredfold. Since no colony, especially in connection with (farming, is so distinctly as this in want of willing hands procured at an economical rate, let the worthy doctor be invited to try the experiment of importing say, 50 of his picked youth, with the co-opera- tion of the Agent- General, I could personally aid in the selection and despatch the consign- ment by October next, A simple application addressed tome,atating the locality, the nature of the work required, and the amounts or kind of the proposed remuneration, counter- signed by the Warden or minister of the parish, would probably'aSbrd a sufficiently tangible basis for a form of immigration, of an entirely unobjectionable and singularly I i promising description, -Yours, etc., I J. S. LAURIE. ' Bellerive, January 25. 