GHOSTS : WHAT ARE THEY ? [By Frotkessob Alt&sd; Russel Wali&cs;,] in tne Arena for * ebraaty, Ue, VVallaoa has a paper entitled, 'What ate Phantasms, aad why do they appear!' D.*. Wallase clings to the orthodox theory of ghoEts; viz , that thg apparitions which appear -from time to time to comntomcate information ought to pay a more or lest friendly call upon th-dr relatives, aad are u* very truth none other than the spirit forms of the dead. Se tells some goad ghost storier. As illuBtratiOg &e; impossibility of the telepathic hypothesis o? communication bbtfreeu uriEg personB, tⅇ tne~ toiiowing instance or tbe-experienca of Mrs, Storie, of Edinburgh, who lone night saw in a dre^m her twia btotbtr knocked down by a tt&ifi;, alfciftt whiob she ealw a railway compartment-' itt which sat a gentleman she knew, the Rev. Mr, John stone j She afterwards learnt that her brother had been run over and killed by a train at tha moment of her dream, and in the train Mr. Johnstone was seated. But as heir brother conld^ot possibly have known Mr.' Johnstone was in the train, Dr. Wallace argues that this : keowledge could only have bean acquired by ber*rotber after death. He aUo tells a story ol tbe Yorkshire vicar in New Zealand who wa&sfcved; from drowning by hearing a voice ' easing to bM before going to bed, after arrang ing tb be TOWllfea afext Hioreing by a boating party; ' Don't go with those men.' He asked, *' Why not 1' The voioe answered, *? You are not to go.' He asked, ' How can I help it ? They! will call me up.' The voioe* replied, 'Yon must bolt your door.' He did so. Tbe parly' rattled at the door in the morning, but be lsy still. at-d they went away without him, A ftw hours afterwards he heard that the whole party had been drowned. Dr. Wallaoe maintains that it was a spirit-friend who foreEaw the catastrophe and interposed to save the vicar's life. From these and other, acts, Dr. Wallace regards it as proved that the spirits of the ko- called dead EtUl live, aud that some of them, under speoial copditiens and in various ways, mate their existence known-tons. What reasonable ex planation, he auks, can we give of the causes and purposes of theee phenomena 1 First of all he frankly admits that most of tfae.T oammuni catioDB are-trivial sud commonplace. This ia due tb the faot that the majority of those who die are trivial and commonplace, and that the production of these dreams, impressions, and phantasms may be »8 a special -exercise .of their lorst spiritual faoulty, as agreeable to some spirits as billiards, chemical experiments, or practical joking are tb some mortals. Secondly, some spirits are condemned to haunt the places where they committed crimes aa a kind of penal servitude, even continuing to repro duce some incidents connected with it, Thirdly, good and benevolvent spirit*- wish whenever possible to give some message to their friends. Dr. Wallace's conolusiotr-onlhe whole matter is that if we look upan tUese phenomena not as anything supernatural but as* perfectly natural and orderly exercise of faculties and powers of the spi-ita&l; being for the purpose of communication with those still in the physical body, we shall find every objec tion answered and every difficulty disappear. This is a hard saying, for it leaveB untouched tbe great difficulty, wnich indeed it suggests, viz., why in the natuie of things should these communications be so very oacasioaal and accidental? Barely the cumber of recorded cases in which the epitita of the departed have appeared to re&eecre; tbe living of their ooa tinned exietence bears no proportion at all to the number of benevolently disposed epicit3 i ttho would certainly have made tuch commuui- | cations if they had only had the chance 2 ! The late machinery hall is tbe JoVtee E\ bibirion Grcncds is to ba fitted up am a military gjnjfcatiairi, and the work will ba bf gun early text month. Tfce fleet of the Royal S;uth Australian Yacbt Squ*dron received several additions of rew boats l&sfe; taaeon, and tiieie will pro babij befreth jscbte ready to enter tbe rasing atEEa en tLe opf-nicg of the equidron next EfBJipc. Mr Fraz»r, of Bifkenhead, the fcnijder ci tfce Miracds, Gladys, and Shoaa, wbich h&ve; proved very fnsc«^5la5 boats, has rrceivtd an ctdfr from Mr. E, Farrow, the i p&tt; c*rer of tbe MirancJa, to build Mm au IS it, bc&?;, euitable far caoapetioar ia tha lerslh a!-«8 isce*. Tee yacbt will be bailt wi?h a ctn-r-Tbosrd, Bad *iii Crav vsry little ! water. Sha »iii ba sUes a largH amoaut of | bs&w;, at.d fortei kcetU wiitija a very rasmy 1 bent icesde ?«5-. Vnz*t will bave her aom- ; pUfed in time to t»V-- n»tt ia {hs oneaiaK -ia- motiitrnticii oifc91 92. ~ 1 