: : — : — : ;:i-' frThe Face at the Wi ndow. BiIvanlTodd met mo al tho Bavillo one 1 ovtuing ondtook mo aside. - I was-, living in (wo rooms not far from tbo Edgwnre Look here. WlHiams." bo began 41 1 am £ going to .Egypt on this cholera commission, and -rsbaU bo away for sis months at leant. A? If j du like to movo into niy house while I )r am away, do so/?. ; ,./' '"- h lotoyour homo in Grosvenor street ?" 1 exclaimed; .://' V : "Yes, Why not!" be replied lightly. I >-vill leave obequea for the rent. and taxes. You wlll.ba doing me a kindness. Gait Is a tidy roaOrbutl would prefer not toJeavetho servants alona In the bouss'.. >-. j£ Bat us to refit?" X. said dbbioaely, /« 'Never mind about that. Or sidy. . In Vv> idacs of rent you can nayr. tho servants', board wages,' or/, find tbcirkeepllyou pleave." ' '/ 'v.,; " :/>'"" ' ./ w Dons with you," I orled heartily g&»tV A eek laterlmovedinto tbo house In tV G oivenor street; No. 100f It was a fait-rized house On' the right of tho ' ball /was tho > diniog roomV opaoioas: end waioeboted in o krwlth maoh sombre farnitdrej and one ti!R&y; largo window whloh looked opon the street Behind this was the oonsolUog toom. . The window hero was overlooked, bat a window u A garden well stooked with ferns,. and nbovo it & cartons : laoe' blind, eooared tho needful privacy. /' 4 So muoh for tho house. Ihadbeon in it V " abont three weeks : tho .words, " Come and sea me; I am Uvlag in Grosvenor Blreot now," v w were beginning to loso tboir first sweetness in the mouth, when,ongolog oat one morning; X foand a man standing on the doorstep. Ho had that moment rang tho bell. ' : jl " Dootor Bllvanl Todd ?' ho asked, looking y'pA from mo to n paper ho held In his hanu. 1 Aro yon Dootor Silvan! Todd, sir?'! . . ' No," 1 hastened to answer, fearing that he was collecting ratoi and.Uxas. 11 1 am' dA not Dootor Todd. . Ho is in Egypt— In sgt tho Boodan ; right ap in tbo ooantry, In ijfg faoti" «s| . : " Aoyono living here besido Dootor Silvnni Todd!" ho asked jerkily, poising' a penoU. $$ ahovo his list, -it Living hero ? Well, X am living horo, j but-" ip " Christian name, aarnemo .and- profes A-C fllon," bo pat In briskly. "A oardwillln. I , saro aceuraoy." Then ho explained that bo.was a canvasser for n directory. w " Yoar card,. sir? Thank yon," be said. $ "Tho name shall be inserted, May X .take your order for ft copy!" 4 . . "No," I replied brusqnoly, "Is that all := you want!" , ® "All this morning,. thank yoa," lie airily | answered. Uo was not ono whit abashed by mymen- tner or eoratiny. " Then good-morning.'? I held Iho. door opon, and only/shot it a -.when he had fairly turned. the oorncr. I am -d a ehy man, and bis coolness had staggered | - ; mo. -Bat if I had not'aoon him; whan my £ back was torned, as he supposed, In tho &ot; | ,.:.of examining my lotterbox— not tho look of 5 . tho door, -or the bolts . or ohain, bns the 5\. letter-box of all things— I; wes ft Dotoh- h- - man. .. J'. " rM- What- conld , Ibio. man . want with my .f leUor-boxf I began, thongh : X woold not t' &l; . have oonlossed to tho feeUng forlbo world, . to. dislikO 'tho stillnees and gloom of Ibo \- hoase. It wan nataral that each. quarters i ehonld soem quiot.iQ oomparieon with -my' \- . old . lodgings ; bal this alone;did notaoooant 1 for my nnoaalnesfWhioh graw so' marked | -that the striking of a olookstnxtlo'd mo, and a ray of sunlight shooting athwart the dim- r . nefls o! tbo room made mo jamp, . i - - No,l oaught tho infeotioa from Gait. He was & tall. moonfaoed man, ordinarily $ tbo- ; < model ol a line and rale servant, sober aiid ( . ' - ' steady, and not too" Intelligent. " Bat ho had f > a qaeor habit of going stealthily aboat tho : . houeo, and though 1 did not mind this maota, : I did object to another triok ho had of glano- \- : ing ovir bia ehoaldexu as ho.waitedat tablo, : whilo hU laoe woold put on at these timos dn . \- apploasant lietealng expression. Moro than 1 onco I oams upon him standing 'etUl in the bail listening, And if I wont into the oon- \- ' euUiog.room.-to water, tbo forno, hs waasaro- t v . to bo at my elbow the next minute, listening : .'.again; Idaroaoy. I - ' But this was not all. One night eomeihing 1 . hoppsned,- whlob gave mo real- ground for | - nneaslncas. I.had gqne to bed oarly, but t . could not sleep, and while I was lying awake, L I thought I heard a cautious footap-on the j .'Btatifl.' At my door.U panecd— if it was a . footstop— for: I ooold only bear the oreaking j of a board at intorvalB | then it sabmpd to go I- . ''lower. > .v ?, " Allfanoy !" I eaid to myaolf, and- turned \ . ovor. " All fancy 1" S > Bat I was hot aaito satisfied, and Dreaantlv with a bard woid' 'for my folly, jamped-np, 5 and id my pyjamas, jastae l waB, went out « 1 on tbo landing. ' 1 oonld hear noiblhg, I I ereptfloltlydown tlio stairs in tho dark. All 1 j was still. Tho tiokiDg ol the eight-day clook I - . and iho. ocoaaional grating of a . window as 5 . tbo breeze roso or fell wiere the only sounds inside tho hoa'eo,1 Outside a oeb rumbled by; r . I reaohed thofoot.of the staira, and, satisfied now that I had deoeived myself; waa turning i . to go baolr, wbca my movement brought the . koyholo ol tho oonBuUlng-room door under my eye, , A thin boam of light shot from it \- into tho darkness of the ball. / . Well, I bcaitatod perbopa' while ike olobk . above ttoked adoson times. I oonsidered tho poedton. Bbmoono'. mlght havd carelessly left a light harning In that room, .Only .tho room was not In sec. And tken'.wkat/o! the steps on .tho. Stairs? ; On the/other hand; . thoro migbt be .a balar inside. Ahd'thon .hid I not better isdmmon tho polioe! . Bat \- auppoeo X'did thiD. andlol'a mere lighted oaudlo? That would bo o humlliation in- deed. X feared the, bnrglair,: bat ridioule moro. Stopping forward, I flung open tbp : dpor and stoodnii my'guard. . por a.Qcobhd or tpro 1 was daBzlcd by the light; though It prDoecded ool7; from A sinsld . -oandlo on tho matbl;>Nolono'moud In" the .room. -No ,ona.wna'to,;UODon._ I stepped- oapticiUDly in wit ji u omllbVbq myjftco, and, 'and'jUmped, Xedarea"a» ft oobple of feet aside..' .V " Why, Gait 1" I cried .tho next minale, -ficeing that ii really.. was ;tho servant who,'; alone and uaU-drcased, was slanding by -tbo windojv. ,-" Y/hat arc you doing horo? What. nro'yoa dQlng.'up thinitinio otnlghtt" !T. 'oriod imperativoly. ' . Ha did not antiwar.1 Ho waa' irflmhling violently, i had gtvon mm a greavDooos, that w'uo olcar. ' Ho'phflsod 'one hand aorosq his brow. in a stupid way. , In (ho other ho held tho gatca syringo'I have mentibhad. l- \- thought I gmsjicu tbopoeijtlon. , ' "-I-'Will toll yoa what it is I" I tiald, taking up tho candlo, and hoIdiDgit bo that ilehght fell upon hie dosed faotf and diBteudodoyco, «,4 l will toll vou what it lfl, my tijnnl;.- You have been walking in your sleep l"- ' -. ' 116 shbded lile oyos wlth bis hand and partly turned from mo. ! ' l am afraid I have, elr/' ho muttered. fthjeotly, .r ilo w 0<J still forced to. steady hlmsolfby roatldg otto hand ; on tho table," I' took the ' pyringofrora lilrriii . " I-iupposo thaVthlsis not. tho first iimo " you havodonoU?' said quoruloueljr. < \- T> have a servant who walked la his olcep. Xt was too provoklDg. . . , "No, cir/'ho onowerod, bis tooth ohatter- ing wlrh the fright or tho oold. "I dsod to: do It when I was a boy. But X thought I bad . grown out of it years ago."... ; - . " t hdpo tliiit fouv/iil Kriiw.noi o.l it now/ : I ropHod eeVoraJy. '.'l.Thc:?, get to. bcd» -g lor gaodncir 'eake nUy thoro if you ' rfl3,.v;r1".h3 eajd humbly. " 1 am eorry t X difttomcdyou.fiir." jnado-o- BJgn. to.him.to go-first.- Ae ! r-i'Swod 1- glanced round tho rocm at tho ' : v/ ' -ogo mcdloy thai covered . tahlu and 4ljUqo!fmtt.oircfl.owbi on to oh.aitfiiau , braokotB. On shell above the flropleoowas a mummy's head with bosriblo glass oyos that seemed to bo winking at mo, and in bottles below itworoproparationswhioh Todd had been using to Illustrate his pbyelologioal lcolurcs at Bartholomew's. . " Ugh 1" I ozolalmed, olomng (ho door with'ashudder.- . I soon fell asleep, when I got back to bed. But onos at lassv I awoke With a Bioxt and sat op; in the belief that eooeono vu Again moving about the house. Next day I bad. A bad norfonshoadaehe, and was<as: irritablo as could bo; eo that when Gait as tisua1 orept upon mo whUn L was waterlog, the ferns, X lost my pationoo. with htm and turned sharply.. ' ' '» "WeUIIoxoIsimed.: . : V I oame to seo it yon wanted anything, sir."-,: " ' - \- Wantod. any thing, Indeed I . . ." No, nothing 1" I retorted, ." And I think, Gait, that you would bo far mors usefully, employed, U instead ; of - following' mo ; about, tho. hoQso . you' were to dean the windows.. The one In ue dinlDg-room Is in a disgrace ful elate, .considering that there, are three servants in tho.honso and only, one master." - ' " Yery wclh' slr," ho ahBwerod respe'ot- fnlly,.- /- . Ho was hot ot 'ali pat out. And I, who am shy in my doalings with servante,' and yasterday would not bavo dreamed, of. ao re- fanklng him folt a. glow of prido in mymoral 'courage,...' / - . "I will see. to it,' sir," ho .aaid; ,>bbt Dootor Todd usually allowed mo . to' bavo a man to olean tho ooteido." "Then cot a man. D jit in tho DBual way. That Is all I want," I answered. Ho assonted again, adding something, bowover, about tbo diflioolty of Hading a man to help, Ihad this in my mind flvo mlnnteB later, when a m&u.;'.aeaostedrme ae.I oroeeod Bond atrcet on my way -to ohambers, " IVill yoar honor glvo mo a job of work?" ho said. 7 looked at bim; He , was not tearful as beggars- are. On tho contrary, thero was a merry twinkle in bis sly Irish eyes. , , " A job of work ? 'I answored, glapoiog at my slim umbrella and . varnished, boots. \- va x iook as u a oaa yoos ot wozk to givo ttway.?" " "Your honor looks as if you would qivo Ihomaway 'if you had," ho answered with readv Ait. . ./ I laughed. " Osn you clean windows !" Ia iked, "Olean ell yoar windwB. elr. for AshQr ling I" be rapped oat. ' "Then you would bavo ft bad bargain, " I repliod, tbinklog with prldo of my five floors and batement. " Horo I you may takb this tolOOGroavcnoratxcct." I peneilled alow words on a.oard request? log Gall to let the bearer olean tho lower windows, and to pay him a shilling when ho bad.done. Por so wo; reason, I do not now remember why, I went homo from ohamhere early that afternoon, I had -soaroely . taken tho lalch key from the door beforo I learned that thero was a quarrel going forward. Gall .' was standing at tho consulting room door, his baok to it, In front of him was my shabby Irishman, gestionlaticg wildly, and talking at the top of his voloo. . As I viped my fsct on tbo mat, Gait out himeboit. - " You do not go into this room," ho said ; "that is enough for you 1" " And why not, my honey ?" tho Irishman was beginning. " Bnro, 'and his honor was saying that ! was to olean the windows, over? bleBsod ono of thorn." " ' " He' said nothing -of the kind," I- inter, posed sternly, as I oame forward. " I did not say that you were to oome into the houoo at all. I eald\ that you were to :olean tbo ootsido ox the windows. HowJs this, :Galtf".r / .'-. / ; The servant mu.tcred something, v "I eipeot him to do - bh work. Now, as you havo lot this 'msn - olean ths other win dows, be may as ' well finish the job by.dolng this room. You oah- stay, with bim. -Open tho door." -But GiU did hot- stir. He looked at me lAlenly, 1 ' D jotor Todd is particular about admitting strangers to this room,'; sir," he said, in a tons that matohod his faoo. "And to the boaso, I have no doubt 1" I returned, throwing open the door , myself. " Stay T" I added, alter < glanolng round. '.'-Qloss. tbo -inner window . over .the ferns. That is better. Now . be ban do no dam ago.! ' . - 1 saw tbis.arrangomenb. oarrled ont beforo I left them. Then I went into the front room to writo a letter, but was presently roused by tho xopotition of a load knook. .Gait, I know; must be able to Ueair.it as well as I- could myself. ; 1 strode into the hell. "Do yon not hear that somcoho is at tho door V t said oartly. : Z j': - Ho did not movo, Instead, bo: pointed silently to the window cloancr, who was hard at work. "NonccnBol" I exclaimed. : "Go to . tho dooiatoDoe." _.V- Still a moment's hesitation, and- ho wont; Tho poraon at tho door kept him soms timo, Aftorward I needed' coal in the front room and a oup of tea. His ecruples had arisen rather late in tbo day I- thought, and'I took A mlsohievoos pleasace inkebpiog him from his post V" \- . But what did it ftU mean! What, Indeed!. I did noi.oonhool, as yet, the man who hod been so' ioqoisitivo about ihe lottorbox with Gfllt. Tho /Iattor'fl oonduot .by itself' was enough topuBzlome. His sleep-walhing and stealthy ways, ; his horvousn&ss;, and his strange bbatinaoy about tho consulting room, gave eaopo for, wild cbojeotares, and oertainly filled rae wUh diatruai of him, Q8 'well da a se'oret prsjadioo against.ibo hooeo. . At breakfast .next mornlog I was more 'Btraolr'lhan before by tho norvous manner in which he bbnUnually oiartoill and glano'ed bo- 'hind him. < . . - -. I, what is It that yon arc afraid of, Gali?V I eaid auddonly, thinking to tsko him by snrprlse. ' Then, as.bs did sot ahswor, "la lt burglars?" I asked; the soo'ne with ths Ixish man in my mind. .. f1BuT8larB,BT, . " Yes. Mind what you aro doing with tho -kidneys l"I-.aaid sharply; "I thought., that -tbo burglary aloes by in Bond street, ot that jeweller's, might havo frightened you. Man ftliva 1 thero ie nothing hero to tempt that .'gang" ./ i bops not, sir," ho roplied huskily. I put down my knlfo and fork and looked r.him. ... , /' '"Bially, Gait, I do not think that you are >well" I remarked,- in a inoro kiudly tone. ' oau uuc& aucuujr. . \ . He began to tell mo that ho had not . boon himself of late, whon ho stopped speaking and with, a- low exclamatloh etaggered baok from the tabled Tuo- plato ho y was -holdipg foll/ and wac shaUerod 'tin the arm/c! iby chair, 'The gravy ran ovor my Bloevo. ; I jumped up in a rago. . " What on psrtbls the maiter.with you?" I fxclalmed, very tbiioh Inolinod to take him and nhako him. x "I Kaw a— a faoo at tho window,'.'' ho gasped. . .. !' ' ' . 'His own faoo was white. His llps'trombled qo tbat ho oculd sosreely framo his words. > - A'faco at tho r/indqw 1 I had been sittion nt a round tabto olosa- to the 'window, and v?hon I rose 1 had doncuo wtth my back to tlio light.'' Now, I turned nwiftly'round. tol- lowing tho direction of his oyes. -Looking, past mo, thoj'.wcro, fixed... cr; a. corner of tho window. Dot thoro. was no faoo to bo occni Gait was vfJplng ilia brow with lile handkor 'chler, ' .-' "Havo yon. been drinkteg?p'T aokod- ' ' ' 'Nojfiir." : . . Thero was no indignation in his answer, ' 'Urnphl I am surprlood to hear It," ! .said, .'.'Por obeme/rnan I pinok -pp.a epirit. Now go-downotairs and compose yourpoilL You can tell Qaroliuo to bring mq.upcDuthor plate." >yhcn,.fhc plate hod. bcon brought I ro- pum'ojl z.ijjy '. BiaJly, 'Quit , ws ho j'swlflg -'ft»b«M1erl'.Waa.,.U9..(ing bm.At his mind! Or woo it moroly that something badanetiang his nerves? A man most bo pretty far gono— faxlhcr, I thought/ than could bo eomfortablo lor his neighbors— bo foro ho could eonjnro up laoes in broad day light, and— : ... What was that! X was out of my obalr in the fifth of a eeoond, for with tbo tail of mv a yo, as I-reacbod aoross tho table lor tbo suit, . I .had seen a faoo at my oioow— a face glaod to tbo pano, end such a ono 1 A fa'eo," white, bloodlesB, with no forehead, ii long Opper lip,: and fianked. by hugo oarsl A greedy faoo, with doll eyee,. that glared. in upon mo; I was not frightened, bull was .startled. Tho faoo- wan unexposed, and it was horribly qIoeq- to mo. IcwaB.no wonder that I sprang np as I did. Yet the thing was -fiardly -seen— I had barely tnrncd my full Bozo opoait— beforo U wna gono./ \- " Tho impudent saoundroll" 1 cried, 'when my first snrpriso was over;. . " 1 will Boon put a etop to that I" I ran so tho front door, and openiog it, looked into the street. Near at hand there was ho' one. In the distaneo two or three brougbame were waiting, a batohcr'e cart was rattling elf, -half a dozen peoplb wcro going tblB way or that/ But no one'wa'B by tho win aow. Yet this did not greatly astonish mo. Tho bouses in Grosvenor-Btreet havo proje'ot log pqrtieo.es which would bido a IurUIvo, though his pursuers wexo but a few yards die-. ' kly first impuleo was to go up the otreel, batlsBB/as I;wok; and hunt him ont. 'Bui after .all ho had done no harm, "find I don, tented zhyoolf with vowing vengeance U'bo- should repeat his insolenoe, end went baok to my breakfast/- ; Thobgh l oould etUl. laugh at the sorious way. irf wbioh Gait had taken it, I. did not return to my old seat.- I removed my plate BO'that i might faoo tho window. Somehow tho'frfoohannted my: memory disagreeably.' If my eyes fell upon -a - dark corner, a pale imago -of tho flat foaturos and fishy eyes shaped itself in :the;gloom, The furniture, too; took queer forms wbora tho firelight fell npon it, and this wont so far - that X foil, sensibly relieved when I was fairly outside tho house. Bol that day being a buBy one, by the evening 1 had . forgotten my. domestic oougurns, ana wnen uarouno iook ou tna oovers at dinner Ii asked wboro GiUt was. Gait was not very woll and had gone to his room to He down, . " I do not think that ho has been woll lor soma time," Ixomarkod.- "No, elr," said Oaroline,solomnly. . .She shook her head, as if she could folly aooonnt for it, : " What do yon think is tho matter ?" I was constrained, to ask. " Well, sir, wo think it Is tho smell of tbo doctor's stall." "Oh, fodosd," I answered, much tiokled. " Bat you are not lU!" "No, sir. Bat you see, Gait— he. is moro lothedootor'sroom. Ho hasbcenin thero a good bit lately, and ho fa not like tho same man." That romtnds mo of something," I said. "I loft my little silver matoh-box, on tbo oornor of tbo. table in that room this morn tag.-: Will you fatoir it for mo'boforo 1 forgot It; Caroline - \- i Whilo iho was About my errand, I, think iog .over what she had eaid, began to soo n eonneetion' between Galt's' oddity, or illness or wbatovtTr it was, and thooonsuUingrbom. Isaw aolcar ponpootiooA Still thoro could, not bo anything in .what thoeorvant said. Dootor a stOu 1 That w&e; obsutd. Ana1 it was still more .absurd to suppose, though I disllkod the room myself, thht thore oould bo any malign influence about it. . That was rubbish-indeed, yet— - A shrill scream, and the violent closing o! a; door, cut short my reasoning. I ran. oat into tho hall. : Tbo girl was leaning against the wall under . the lamp, her hand proesed to hor eido, hor -broath ooming In Raspe. ' Sho was on the verge of fainting, ' Luckily her bry had reached- other cars rand- tho oook came .flying from below, wbllo on an oppor landing,- 1, looking' about ' for any oanse of fear, eaugbt a glimpse of Gait's pale face poeringdown at us. . " Goodness, Oarolino 1 what is the matter now?!.' I. asked roughly. . I waa getting very thrcd of these excursions and alarms, and was finding.it more and more bard not to- start and glanoe behind me, as Gatt did, "Isaw q faoe— a face," eho sobbed. " At the window!" I oskad eagerly. "No, sir; ' Ovor— over the mantelahelf." ?' The mommy's head. Why, you seo that every -day I" I oriod. " There must have been something else beside that to frighten you?'? " Thero— thero was something else," Oaro->: -line gasped. ! . "Lor a meroy IV oxolalraod tho oook, looking behind her ond then at mo to eco that I was hot leaving them. ";\ybat else 1/ What elao I What else did yon see?" I repoatod impatiently. ' Bat, and it was provoking enough to make ft .saint swear nnd return violently to his dinner, Oarollne would nob soy; No, though I ftsked her Again and ngalo, ' and in tlic main she wqs astoat and eouoiblo girl, She h&d.;'eoon oomething else beside the head, and that was AU sho would toll us. X concluded tin the end that she was- embroidering the matter, ond that oil she had Been was the' mammy's, hpad; upon whiob; perhaps, the light; passing, through tho open doo?, might Have .fallen with a now effect. > I wont baok to my dinner , but flfsti took' tho lamp ond thoroughly soarched tbo "oou-' suUing-room.' 0! oourao Uound nothiug. or nothmg that ' should not have hcdfl "thcrfii- Tho mummy'a faoQ smirked -opon mo an' otianged; save that it looked a/littlo rpOW dirty. Thopreparatib&B; in theii bottles- be< low it were antoqobed, and in tho midot of; them the board 'on wuioh thc-dootosnpinnodr his oarda o! invitation stood 'ob fashionably untidy, as ever. "It, too, would, bavo been the better, whero.lt was hot hidden by " fixtures," lor a litllo floap and- water. " / Therft .was notbing'now. In tho room Vno'-' thing had boen removed. or altered. ;' YoAI Boarohcd under thoNtablo and in tho- oup boards, I could not got/the faco I had seen attho window out of my mind.' Tho very: .features eMhe parohmcnt mask above mo put on a grotesque likeness to it.1. But by this :tlme I was In a oondition ta imaginotnny. thing.' .':./ . Anything ? .No, not qaite anything, . . For surely that ory was nob fanoy, could not bo laooy. ' That Bhort,- quick eoroam; whiob oamo ehooting lip tho olaircaao lato that night, and pioroEd my cars, &o; that I dropped thooxtiPRUioher and snatohed up tho cftndlo- stiakl That waa not fanoy. It woa rca!, ao Kai uo tuu nuibs, iuuv x oaw into tho looking-glass b momont later. "Hang it all 1" I muttered hastily. "I eaunot stood this, I shall bo seeing a ghost -next. Is tbo hoaso bewitched ?" / . I rah down the otairfl;listoDing qb I went; Thoro was Bilenca. nbovo and below. I lcxob'edtho lowest flight and halted abrnptly; From thcrb I' could see tho ball, and raising my oandlo Qbovo my head peered downward. Ah! what was'-U? Who was it? Step by stop X oamo down. until I touobed a proetrato form. Thon I sot the oandlo on the stairs, and: stoopedjover it. Thank Heaven, there wee no blood! ; Ik .was Gait, and ho was alive. With an effort I turned him over, re coiling an instant as n .clasp-knifo rolled from. Uls band. : I picked it up, : and ho 'sighed. Ho. had moroly laioted, theo/atid pushing tbo mat under bis head I rose to my Hot, my first fears relieved, ... I looked round. Tho dlolng-room door was wido open, thut of tho conButting room ,vfna ojar. Without taking, up, 'the candle, with aqgreo a;momont'b thoogut, 1 flung tho letter open. and. stood on tlio tbreabold look ing in; I held my.breatU and flhiverodi, I: oonfcoa. for toaw what ho bad iesu'ahd Oaro- liDQ -had. ecen ; bnt overcoming- tho first ,nctvou9 desire to cry out or fiee/ I'btood looking tho thing la tho faoo until all fear was gono.: . Truly in. tlio-faoe—forak. was a .faesi eaw— a lumino'ua death's head. /Eyes,' mouth; and ribatrUB'.wcro.black oayornB in. a P&1q Iftmbcnt ma&kt; .It wftl fitlui- coougb, n ni.isiiKi> nv j. lehii::. Bui taking into account its position over tho fireplace, a moment's reflection satisfied ma that someone had tnoklod out tbo poor mummy's head with luminous paint, and thon had writton below it on tho fixtures board, in lcttcre rough, baft dear," Thiol I" Thief 1 I understand tho word, tho somo thing olse whiob Oarolino had seon ; but who had writton it, or why? Yet it olcarly be- noved mo to una out. In tuo oiox, ana also at the function of tho steel and hBft, were somo fragments of ft thing almost as straogo in that house— dry earth. Wo had no garden at One Haudrcd and Ninety, cxeept the win do wgarden at my elbow; and why should Gait have boon digging In the half-harrowfo! of earth which it bold, and digging, or aboat to dig, thero at midnight? Why, iodeodl Ibronght tbo candles oloio to tho window, and scanned tho sarfaooof the soanty eoil which rnado up our solo garden ground. / Surely 1 was on the traok, for on potting aside fair sized ferns I saw that tho handful of earth against . tho base of tho biggest 'stone had been lately moved' and watered; With tbo knlfo.I dug oat- tho damp mould. 1 was not A bit surprised to find that a Hoy oaverh in or Under tbo filono facoamo visible. I'thrast in my band, and feoling ft handful of ha2d','6hHtp',Bmooth things, pulled thorn out. How I started at sight of them I How .tfacy flashed find glittered In tho palo rays of tho oandlo 1 They woro diamonds— -a neck- .laoe, pendant and oraocietB. Tnoy wero in .their settings," when the Bound of .heavy hrcathipgfjrebihd' rao warned mo to' tarn. Our eycftinat, Gait's and mino, uf;,,Tbiel»l"Iaaid. . ' " Givothom to me 1" ha mattered doggedly, ttretohing-oot his band. " Nothing of the kind," I answerpd. I crtll hold bis knlfo, and there was a moment when X felt glad Ihad it. Tho man was a .-ooward, bnt a coward in a oornor is on awk ward tiring. I hod tho knifo, however, and did not quail. '?Noth!ng o! tbo kind, you tWcfl" I ibundcrcd, "Iahall be more likely to give you to tho poUco unloso yon toll mo this moment tho wbolo tsutb." A knook-oamo to the door. " You will not go," ho muttored. "Most oextoinly X shall;" 1 returned; sou passing tnroaga tuo nan oponca mo door. - A man slopped quickly in and removed his halt Ho waa the man who called to oanvas for tho direetory. ' "Yon aro Mr. Williams?" ho said with a steady look at me. " I am sorry to drop in at a queer boar, but business is business, and mine is unpleasant," " Perhaps you will explain what It is," X replied. Jihad an ano&sy; prcflontlment of tho troth; and sorely ooough ho answered: "lama detective, Mr Williams Yon havo tbo proceeds ofa jewolrobbory hore, and It is my-daty to warn yon that everything you say will bo givanasjsvidonoo ogainat you." That I say I" I cried. " Against me I Mo! You aro forgetting yourself, man!" Good heavens Ibis-was too.absnrdl And yet— and yet my right hand hidden. in my pocket was olasping tho jawole— was full of tbo stolen property ! No wondor that X grew hot &U; ovor! 11 Better tako it easy, sir. I havo pot been looking in' at that window yonder a dozen times a flay for nothing.' When I saw that Jim's plant— Jim is my pal, who did that bit of painting inside thero, and soarobod.. tho room too wbon ho was cleaning the window —when LflaWu7on - oomo. down with a light, and your miraiaU of a heap opon tho floor, I thpught it a good timo to drop in. And now, if yon will band over the atones oomfortably. and quietly, why it is likely tbat it will bo better for both of you." A groan prooo'ediDg from tho opon. door of tbo aonsulting. room/proved, that -Gait .was listening. . For myself, anger and perplexity dre w mo asunder. ; I mot tbo deteotivo'a oun niog oyc3, and olenohed my fist. I folt tho jowols- between my fingers, and tarnod eiok withtorror. , , . "Ia tho servant ia tbero ?" aekod tho man pointing over his ehoulder; T nodded assent. ./ 'Ho made/a, Bigd that I ehohld go in firat, and I obeyed, though - tbo blood flow to my fooe. and I felt as.it tbo prison warder's hand already o'ast its shadows opon me. Gait still ssthuddled up ia bio chair, and as Itookmy plaoo beside bim tho deteotlvo eyed us both with a contempt ho did dot try to conooal. "A pretty pair you aro ! Tho idea of such as you trying on this game! , Why, It ia enough to make d dog l&ugh; 1" //'/./ And laugh bo did. How I hated him for hid vnlgftr triumph ! "Look horc," I: Bold jVJ you will bebavo yourself properly whilo you are in my house, my man.: You know &9 wcll'-os I do that I no ho thief." / . ." Yon havo got tho plunder, " ho said/bo- ooming gravo again. ''And you and yonr acoompltoo havo it biddan away aouiowhoro for tho past fortnights It will bo for you and him to say uow it was oomo by." ; Gait looked up, tho plolUre ol.wrctobod neae. - :.V- ' " X fonod it in tho letUr-box orio morning," ho mattered, "Tho robbery, in bond streot wob in tho pa'pero tha samo morning.", w ' Tho doteotrvo nodded sagely; / ."I thought bo," he answered. '( Tho burg lets were 'chafled. Ooo wQB . taken a few yards from here. We found . nothing ppon him, but ho owned up that ho had dropped somo of the plunder through tho letter slit of a house a few doors away. ' I - Bpotted this louso/ And now it will ba only a qabstion At receiving goods/knowing them to bavo been stolen. 1 daresay that if tbo things aro rostorod: at ondo that no - obargo will bo ;made.'- ;.'.-/ -/ ;vV 1 ' \- "Hers is -the jewellery,'? I replied hastily. " I onlyufllstfovsredits proaenoo in the house. afowmihntCBSgo. = "And your eorvarit ?" .ho asked, BS 'he cnatobod at tho jowols. , .v. . Tho ..bqadflrof perspiration were standing oh Gait's brow. . Hobad boon an honest man' heforotho disebvary : of that mass of bril! llants iatheloitcr-boxhad corrupted him,, s ! " I am, quiUBuro.hfl will .toll tho'truth," X. said. " 1 will answer for hia appoaranoe.' Doyou,hot think you could manago mat torBf?' , . " I.thlnk X oould," ho answered ejowly . I think I' oould rquoro it. and do no wrong to anyono— for & consideration, leir." ' I ipado a bargain with thocfficer.- Ho was havo' twonty pounds, and to lot it bo In ferred tbat Gait voluntarily oamo to bim with tho stolon property. " Wait for mo in tho hall," I aald, taking a oandlo from tho iablo ; " I must iotoh tbo moucy from my bedroom." (l.u, atiJ dm (IntnAtlvn vMi-A alanilSna in. gcther in -tho hall, looking at ono another no illilerapered dogs look, r ; 'Heroifl yourmoncy," I eaid, " Now bo caroful that you iuUH your p&rt; of tho bar gain," Ho put tho n'otoa in Iris pookot, "You will hear no mora of it," he said, cmnhatio&ily;,'- Gait routtored'his gratitude,- while I, pnt a stop lohisefluBiyo thankfulness. "Go to bed,". I said, brusquely, "and do not feel too euro that ho will keep his word/-1 Dot 'our midnight visitor did keep to tho loiter. Wo hnvo not slncb heard of him, or of tho jqwcIb, As .day after day passed,. and. still no paragraph appeared' in' the news papers, -no summons arrived in Grosvenor street, .the truth began to dawn , opon mo. I made pautlons inquiries in Bootland Yard; and learned tbat two mon had been coDviotod of tbo robbory, but tho diamonds bad novor bcon found, and tholr disappcaranoa havo bo ponui a etanSiug iriyatbry. . \- : " There .aro moro of tbo.. gang about," said tlio inspeclor. ''AVo- havo .our cyca upon two Irishmen, but wo can prove nothing ; and wo cannot see' how tho men who wero in it could have passed tbo plunder to them.'' I oan'flco very well how it was done— yery well) and bow any. little 'oxpouscB aUondlng tho prooess wero poid- but 1 am shy and ncrvouH, -< I blush; it is true, as I pass a cor tain. gbideDlth's shop -in-Bond street, bat 1 kscpmy oaoQUuccl SodaQ9G&U;«(:T5T 