THE CUCKOO AND THE SPARROW. In nil article ' concerning the cuckoo' in 'Longman's Magazine,' an interesting ac count is given of the cuckoo's well-known, and seldom-seen, performance. The surpris ing and exceptional nature of this pheno menon, and in some measure also the diffi culty of accepting the explanation usually given of the origin of the instinct in the young bird, must be held to account for the disposition shown to accept accounts of it with reserve. One of the most graphic sketches of the occurrence by an eye-witness is that in Mr. Gould's ' Birds of Great Britain.' The account by Mrs. Blackburn, who watched the movements of the young cuckoo, is full of interest. The nest under observation was that of the common meadow pipet, and it had at first two eggs in it besides that of the cuckoo. ' At one visit,' continues Mrs. Blackburn, ' the pipets were found to be hatched, but not the cuckoo. At the next visit, which was after an interval of forty eight hours, we found the young cuckoo alone in the nest, and both the young pipets lying down the bank, about ten inches from the margin of the nest, but quite lively after being warmed in the hand. They were re placed in the nest beside the cuckoo, which struggled about until it got its back under one of them, when it climbed backwards directly up the open sido of the nest, and hitched the pipet from its back on to the edge. It then stood quite upright on its legs, which were straddled wide apart, with the claws firmly fixed half-way down the inside of the nest, among the interlacing fibres of which the nest was woven, and, stretching its legs apart and backwards, it elbowed the pipet fairly over the margin so far that its struggles took it down the bank instead of back into the nest. Alter this the cuckoo stood a minute or two, feeling back with its wings, as if to make sure that the pipet was fairly overboard, and then sub sided into the bottom of the nest.' The ejected bird was replaced, but on again visit ing the nest oil the following morning both pipets were found dead out of the nest. Mrs. Blackburn continues :—' The cuckoo was perfectly naked, without the vestige of a feather, or oven a hint of future feathers ; its eyes were not yet opened, and its neck seemed too weak to support the weight of its head. . . . The most singular thing of all was the direct purpose with which the blind little monster made for the open side of the nest, the only part whero it could throw its burthen down the bank. I think all the spectators felt the sort of horror and awe at the apparent inadequacy of the crea ture's intelligence to its acts that one might have felt at seeing a toothless hag raise a ghost by an incantation. It was horribly t uncannj' and gruesome.' 