THEODORA. f A Utter. from a Father to his Daughter. 1 . Dearest Chick,-— To-day the greatest of living actresses left us, and I fear Australia has bidden her for ever farewell, yet she leaves us with thankful hearts and loving memories of her, who has been a liberal education to all here in the dramatic art, for unquestionably her sixty representations in Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide haye placed the standard of Australian theatrical taste (already higher than even London or Paris) to such a pinnacle that mediocrity in acting will not stand a ghost of a ohance here ever again. Contrary to what I last said, I could not resist the treat her powerful impersonation of ' Theodora' would give me, soLil. and I went; and, being unable to get seats reserved, went as Dieties to Olympus, and had a splend'd seat. There was .another Bernhardt crush in spite of torrents of rain aud a crammed houseful of all sorts and conditions of men, not to say women or 'ladies'. A conspicuous feature was that troublesome O.P. box containing Miss Kate Bishop, Mrs. George Rignold, and Miss 01 ga Nethergole; and people noticed their eager and almost suspended breathing and unbounded enthusiasm at each of the ' Divine' Sarah's 'points' in the play. Doubtless you have read the plot, which in a nutshell is as follows : — An Empress, who was once a circus girl (fact), who in disguise had a lover, who loved her as Mytea hated Theodora, plotted against her. She, knowing the latter fact, obtained a love filter to force love in spite of his political hatred ; gets poison by treachery of a witch, poisons her lover, is caught by the Emperor with her lover's dead body in her arms, and immediately ordered to be strangled by the avfionfimiAr. I There are four scenes of unsurpassed beauty in Madame Bernhardt's delineation of them. First, obtaining the love filter from the witch, a former mate of old circus days. Here the great Frenchwoman shews the very highest powers of comedy. You be hold her living her old gaydays of theatrical life over again. Her recognition of Ajax, the old performing lion, is superb in its mixture of pathos and love for dumb, if ferocious animals (seemingly a part of her nature). How she helps make x soup, cut celery (ye immortals 1) it is something good to see her cutting celery. Imagine magni ficent acting in cutting celery into- soup! How stupid it sounds here on paper ; but, Darling Chick, again I say if you had- seen Sarah Bernhardt cut the end of a stick of ..! ? ? A 4-U^n-rrr V-aViin/1 nvar Viov aVimil coiory u Liu iiuium ? der, you would have gnawed your woman s fingers off in sheer envy that so common an act, done so often by yoursslf, should have given scope for one of the prettiest gestues ever seen in woman 01 shown on the stage. She then sipa that soup, and eats a little bread ; and many will be the utterly vain attempts of the ladies to do the like with the same inimatable grace. Her next great opportunity is the quarrel scene with Justraim. History notes they were both of low origin ; and here we have some high-class Billingsgate, the flow of abuse, her profound contempt, the malicious sarcasm of her epithets, her utterly cutting sneers, are simply astounding; and here again the audience rose en masss and applauded her again and again. Her finest scene is the death of Marcellus, whom she stabs with the dagger worn in her hair, in order to prevent his betraying her lover, if put to the torture. To her it is a work of dire necessity. Never in the whole course of my life could I conceive so fearfully dramatic a scene — her sympathy for his wounds, her womanly horror at _death, and more so her being its terrible instrument, her tender pity for his sufferings ; and yet you pee her eyes flash as she remembers the fatal weapon in her hair, and see her feel with horror stricken face the heart spot she must strike ; then, goaded by his curse to in cite her to do the deed, with an electric flash of the dagger from her hair she plunges into the place indicated by her. other hand. The Emperor and his guards rush in to^find her deadly calm and, in a voice of icy cold ness, pointing to tho dead body of a man who had insulted her so that she slew him in a torrent of rage. Well, my darling, all this scene (so inadequately described here) kept the audience perfectly spell-bound, as if turned into stone ; but at its climax a hoarse shriek of mingled relief and frantic roars of applause rent the house, and again and again she had to bow to the delighted people. It was thought nothing could exceed this scene, but the next, if less dramatic, was more thrilling and natural. Here her wounded lover is dying, cursing the hated Theodora, whom he has discovered to be identical with his beloved Myrtea ; here she administers the poison, thinking it to be the love filter, and discovers too late the fatal error. Oh, darling, it was so terribly sor rowful and pathetic to see her shrink from his curses, to see him dying, and, when he sinks breathless in her arms, the look of un utterable woe depicted on her face can never be erased from my. mind, or the solemn calmness when the executioner bursts in, with the fatal silken cord, to strangle her for her infidelity to the Emperor. To see Sarah Bernhardt adjust her lovely hair and present her neck, and the look on her face as she gives the signal to the executioner, is to see the very reality ; and we are glad to rid our selves of this awful scene by the unbounded applause she obtains at the close of the play. Now, my dear, I will give you my im pressions as to the reasons Madame Sarah Bernhardt excels all other actresses of the time, if not of all time. In the first place she is not beautiful (from a conventional point of view), she labours under her de cidedly Jewish physiognomy, she has not the noble air of Modjeska or the stately presence of Ristori. - Then what has she P She has, first of all, that irresistible charm of manner, which is only seen in a Frenchwoman, and undoubtedly, she excels in gracefulness of carriage, of expressiveness of face, and gestures beyond any woman, I think, in the world, especially in the use of her eyes. Were the whole of her body stone her face alone could pourtray a complete comedy or tragedy. Again, had sho no head, every limb, every part of her body, could faithfully depict every emotion! Even her very fingers seem to tell a tale. As Austin Brereton says, ' A basilisk glance can be instantly changed into one of love and softness, so tender as to melt the soul.' To sum up, her powers con sist in depicting nature truthfully, but with an intensity of power which is beyond the scope of any other actress. With regard to what has been said about the ' misuse of her powers,' I can only say we can't all be parsons, especially the ladies ; and, when the fit comes upon a certain sec tion of, the public to crv out 'Oh, shocking !' level headed men only smile. I laughed to think one idiot said Sarah could play * Zady Macbeth ' : he seems to forget that she is about the most cold-blooded murderess in the whole dramatic category. As to the - f dis gusting costumes' in Cleopatra, this is on a par with the eastern ladies who pull their ' petticoats up to hide their faces. Goody goodies always seem to forget that Milton, their favourite author, marks Satan by no means a saint, a very imposing personage. I have seen Madame Bernhardt vary close, and everybody would say, if they Baw her in rags walk down King-street and knew her not, how distinguished she looked, and every eye would be attracted by the grace of her movements and the charms of her person.— Dad. 