ANONYMITY OR SIGNATURE. Jobs Morley is a stanch advocate of signature as against anonymity. Mrs. Gamp and many other old ladies would say that much can be said on both sides. Anonymity is a hand writing on the wall. The mystery abont the body to which the hand is attached is a never falling source of terror. Oh, if one conld occasionally see that body! The unknown generally is believed to be divine, or demo niacal. At least it is superhuman; and so the unknown " we" of a newspaper is, to many: persons, superhuman, if neither good nor bad. There is some advantage in this. No man may truly say that ghosts and dreams and super stitions have never done any good at all. The anonymity of newspapers has had its use, and even now is useful; it would be absurd to say it nay. But is its utility equal to that of sig nature? Under anonymity we have the value of the ideas given out, plus the supernatural nees of the anonymity. But this latter iB an ever diminishing quantity. We are losirg our faith In ghosts and dreams. If we Baw a hand writing on the wall we might say how clever it was; but we should not bo more afraid of it than of John Frost's ghoBt. So that it comes to this, that the anonymous article goes for what it is worth, and nothing more; and that may happen to be little. Signature would carry the worth of what is written, plus the character of the person who wrote it. The instant effect of this would be that many per sons who now write under the cover of anonymity would not write at all; that writers would be more like to keep themselves to their respective crafts; hnd that a much better Average of writing would be produoed. John I Horley adds another, a significant suggestion, i It is that amongst the oauses of improvement in individual writers probably is to be found j the greater self-restraint whioh comes from the fact of the 'writer appearing in hie own name. It would make a difference if every person writing to or for a newspaper were to pnt his j own name to his effusion. 