ODDS and ENDS Branch Establishment — A tree. A splendid bill of the play— Shake spear. Collars in Queen Elizabeth's time were rough on the neck. When was beefsteak do highest When de cow jumped ober de moon. " Anybody 'and think," remarked the office boy discontentedly, " from the amount of work they expect me to do that I owned an interest in the con cern." James—" Is Miss Knowitall a .graduate of Vassar ?" William — " She is. I thought she was. I heard her ask if the muzzle of a gun was to event it going off." My income is small," said a rather dilatory lover, " and perhaps it is cruel of me to take you from your father's roof." But I don't live on the roof," was the prompt response. "Look here, Pete," said a darkey, to his companion, " don't stand' on the rail road." " Why Joe ?" " 'Kase if de cars see that mouth of yours de will think I am the station, an' run right in." What a sweet young lady Maude has become ! And formerly she was no saucy." " An expert young lady, you think ?" " A what ?" " An ex-pert young lady." " Oh !" N. E. Body—" That's a pretty bad pair of shoes you have on, my friend." Impecunious Beilley — " Yes sor ; the gentleman who give 'em to me yesterday is charitable, sor, but he's mighty economical " Doctor—" Well, my little fellow, you have got quite well again ? I was sure that the pills I have left for yon would cure you. How did how take them — in water or in cake?" " Oh, I used them in my popgun." " Are you sure it was the spirit of Lindley Murray who came at the me dium's call ?" " Oh, yes ; he said so himself. I said I want the spirit of Lindley Murray,' and the ghost replied, I'm him.' " , Tit for Tat.— The Honeymoon was on the Wane.— He— " An awfully lovely girl we've just passed." She — Oh, I did not see her, but I thought the young man looked a perfect duck" (a long silence followed). . -Mr. Isaacs— "I sells you dot coat at a great sacrifice." Customer— " But you say that of all your goods. How do you make a living ?" Mr. Isaacs — " Mein freint, i makes a schmall profit on the paper and string." Anxious Mother.— " Don't you know that George Washington never, never told a lie ?" Sinful Boy— " Maybe; bis mother didn't ' carp',' how" much cakes . and jam he took, and ; lie; wasn't afraid to tell her." When Dr. H. and Lawyer A. were walking arm-in-arm, a wag said to a friend ; " these two are just equal to one highwayman." "Why?" asked his friend. " Because," replied the wag. it is a lawyer and a doctor — your money or your life." Good as a Coat- of- Arms. — Irate .Customer — " See here — that suit of clothes I bought of you yesterday is full of moth holes !" Dealer— " Das is all recht, mine frent ! Moths neffer eat cotton an' yea ladies an' shentlemens .see dose holes, dey knows you years only high- priced all-vool goots." Ethel— "When angels come upon earth, mamma, are they in disguise ?" Mawima— Yes, dear ; why do you ask ?" Ethel — " Because' I heard cousin Frank 87 to PaPa is moring that you were an angel, and papa said per haps you were, but , that you must be one in disguise." » Be easy," said a. rich invalid to his son-in-law, who was every hour per plexing him with com plaints of his wife's misbehavior. Be easy, I say ; as her behavior is so blamable, I will alter my will, end cut her off with a shilling." The old man heard no more of his daughter's failings. From the Paris Figaro , which is the great journal of ' century end literature," is taken the following century-end an- announcement Madam X., an indefatig able talker, having died, her son-in- law eut to the friends of the family an intimation of her demise in these words: At a quarter-past-seven this morning my mother-in-law ceased to speak." Prosperity spoils a man — After a good season comes a bad one, as sure as fate; but most men seem to think that good fortune has came to stay, and tbey set up a buggy and pair, and spend every penny as it comes in. They find it much harder to come down than to go up. Wouldn't it be better to spread the fun a little thinner ? A Bad Spec.— A missionary, just ar rived from the East, met, at the out skirts of a Kansas settlement, a boy with a. pole on his shoulder. " Ah, my boy," said the good man, " going fish ing, I see ! I, too, am something of a fisherman — I am a fisher of men." " You won't ketch much in this town," said the boy, " Thar's seven real estate agents here now." Pray, my lord, queried a gentle man of a judge, " what is the difference | between common law and equity ?" " very little in the end," responded his Lordship. " At common law you are more quickly disposed of. The former is a bullet which is instantaneously and charmingly effective , the later an angler's hook, which plays with the victim before it kills him. Comraou law is prussic acid ; equity is laudnutn. SORROW. Many are the tears that fall, But the saddest of them all Are the tears which slowly sneak to your chin, a down your check, When you find your new summer hat Has been sat on and crushed flat. Not in Arabic. The Arabs have no " hello !" in their language. The nearest they come to it is to throw a stone an i hit a man in the back, and then ; ask him as he turns around : " Does it please Heaven to give you good health this morning ?" she wrote a little herself SOMETIMES. Nothing gives the average editor such a thrill of keen delight as to meet those modest, unassuming persons who simply write a little" themselves. The delight is intensified if those Eliots and Thackerays in embryo im part this information in low-voiced con fidence, with the further information that they " wouldn't have it known for all the world." In most cases the editor feels quite safe in promising them that the general public will never know anything about it. He wishes that he might be as ignorant of this knowledge as the general public. My friend Blank is such an editor. He is one of that blunt, straightforward sort of men much given to telling the truth, and abhorring anything that savors of beating around the bush." he is a terror to those who " write a tlittle," and who beg him to tell them if sat the exact truth" about their produc tions. I sat behind a screen in his office the other day, when there came a timid little knock a the door and Blank roar ed out: "Come in!" in a voice that cracked the plastering. A timid, girlish little thing of forty-four or forty-five years fluttered in. " Is this Mr. Blank ?" she asked. Yes'm !" Yes? I'm so glad to know you, Mr. Blank. I have long been a sub scribe r to your paper, and really don't know how i could get along without it. And I think your pieces are just splen did. How 1 envy you writers ! Aud I — I know its dreadful bold in me to try, even ; but, then, I write a little myself, sometimes." " Do, eh ?" " Oh, yes, just a very, very little bit. It is all so crude and poor that I hardly dare show it to anybody. really, it is too foolish in me to try, even ; but, somehow, I just can't help it ! It just seems to me that I must write. I'd give worlds if I could write" as you do. Would, you be willing to tell me exactly what yon think of some of my poor little scribblings, n.y brain children, as I love to cnll them ?" " Got 'em with yon ?" " Yes ; just one or two foolish little fancies that I dashed off in an idle hour. I know just how crude and poor they are." ' " Let me see them." "4 You'll tell me exactly what you think ? 44 Exactly." 44 Thanks ; it is best that I know the truth." Blank reads the " foolish little fancies." I peep out, and see a tri- umphant smile on the author's face. Blank hands back the verses. Aren't they too dreadfully, awfully bad ?" " They're pretty bad." "Sir!" " It is the exact truth." "Sir!" " There is no poetry in them." " Sir, you shall answer for 'this.!" " You begged me to tell the truth." " 1 did not beg you to vent your petty jealousy and spleen over verses of which you are manifestly jealous. I pity you ! I supposed, sir, that you were incapable of such envy and malice, and that you were always ready to do honor to real talent. But I see I am mistaken. Remember, sir, that the verses were not offered for sale. Indeed, they are not for sale to such a paper as this. I bid you adieu, sir !" " The woods are full of 'em." says Blank, sententiously, as the door bangs behind the woman who "wrote a little.' 