OUR LQNDON LETTER. Froh Odr Correspondent. LONDON, 5th June, Tho centre of publio interest has during tho past week been in the law courts, and upon tho baccarat case, rather than in the Houses of Par liament or at the polling booths. The election at Paisley has resulted in the return of tho Gladstonian candidate, Mr. William Dunn, by a large majority, 1308, ovor his opponent, Mr. R. M'Korrell, ns compared with a Liberal majority of 867 ;p 1885 and 566 in 1886. On the other hand Sir Reginald Hanson, Conservative, was returned for tho oity of London without opposition ; and Mr. Victor Cavendish for Wost Derbyshire, in succession to his father, tho lato Lord Edward Cavendish, was oqually fortunate. The most important busiuoss transacted in tho House of Commons during the week has been the passage of the Behring Sea Fishery Bill, which is a necessary step in tho negotiations now going on with the United States about tho control of tho seal fishery. It appears that whilo Lord Salisbury was waiting an answer from Washington about the modification proposed in the terms of arbitration, a proposal was thrown out as to whethor it would not bo possible, pending the arbitration, to stop seal killing altogether. Lord Salisbury fell in with the suggestion, nnd the objoot of tbo prosont bill is to arm British ofliaers with tho power to prevont seal catching by British ships on compensation boing granted to the owners of shipB already fitted out for that industry. The samo restriction is to bo placed upon American sealers, oxoopt that tbo North Ameri can Company is to bo allowed to oatoh 7500 seals in order to recoup thcmselvos for the expendi ture to whioh they are put in maintaining tho native population of the islands in whioh thoy havo established depots. Care will be taken that none of tbo money shall go into tho pookets of seal ship owners who aro oitizons of the United States. Tho news that the Government has practically withdrawn tho Newfoundland Bill has caused great satisfaction in that island, although tho inhabitants arc muoh annoyed at the action of the Franeb admiral, who has not only for bidden the residents to soil bait, but has ordered the American iishormen not to buy it at sea to oatoh fish, his assumption being that the Fronch have exclusive jurisdiotion over the French shore, and that ho did not reeogniso any Ameri- oan rights, inasmueh as they wero only dorivod from an Anglo- Amerioan treaty of 1818, which, so far as the Fiench shore is conoorned, was, ho alleged, ultra vires. In the oourse of somo remarks at tho Colonial Instituto, Sir William Whiteway, tbo Premier of Nowlouudland, put tho case of that colony vory forcibly. But ho admitted that the looal Legislature bad exas perated tho Fronoh fishermen by refusing to soil them bait, whioh could only bo proaurod on tho Newfoundland coast. The reason for this courso was that by tbo heavy bountios given by tho French to their fishermen Newfoundland eod was all but exoluded from foieign markets. He contended that the rights were only given to the Fronoh in order that thoy . might erect sheds on what was called the Fronoh shore, for tho purpose of drying and curing ood, ling and liaddook. The Frenoh insisted that tho Newfoundlanders should koop vacant a block of land, half a mile wide, round that coast, in case that at any time they should roquire to erect drying sheds there ; and as access to the baok country can only be had through that half mile, a large portion of tho island remains undeve loped. Tho squabble between the Parnellites and the M'Oarthyites still continues. The National Press charges Mr. Parnell with theft and other crimes. Mr. Harrington turns round on Tim Healey, -who' - is supposed to bo . the writer of tho article, and charges him' genornlly with almost every' crime iu the deonlogue, and speaifically with having demanded a fee of £200 for defending tho Ponsonby tenants in the interests ot the Plan of Campaign, an honorarium about ten times as large as an ordinary advocate of Mr. Healey's calibre would have obtained. Meanwhilo a convincing proof of tho success of Mr. Bill- four's policy is to be found in the announcement made by him at reoent meetings of the Woman's Liberal- Unionist Association, tlmt ho oontemplatss suspending the operation of the Crimes Act all over Ireland, with tho exooption of one county and a few baronies. A report has been oirenlated by a Fronoh deputy named Millevoyo, a member of tbo Boulangist party, upon tho authority of the late Prince Napoleon, that England is so far oommitted to the Triple AUianco that in the event of war between France and Italy tho British fleet would oo-operate with the Italian fleet for the protection of the Italian coast, whereby Italy would be free to mobiliso her army iu perfect seourity. The general opinion in this country is that no such compact has been made, but that if Italy wore attacked by France England would givo assistanco to tho Italian fleet in the defence of tbo Italian coast. The East End tailors are out on strike for the purpose of abolishing sweating, . and as many ,of them are foreigners they aro behaving with a eertain amount of indiscretion whioh may< turn tho public against them, and prevent that sym pathy without whioh the strike aannot proceed, for tho men have no raserve of money. A moro exoitiug strike would be thnt whioh is threa tened by the omnibus drivers and conductors of London, who have bean stimulated by the suc cess of their brethren in Paris to demand (1) a working day of 12 hours, and one day off in 14 ; (2), an increase of pay whioh will bring tho wages of drivors to 8s., conductors 6s. and horse keepers and workers to 5s., and (3) a mitigation of tho fine syston, and seven oloar days' notice before dismissal It cannot be said that these demands are excessive. But the question is whether the oompanies can afford to grant thom. A similar conaession has reoently been mado to the Parisian Johus, but then the oompany pays Inrgo dividends, and ebarges a minimum fee of 3d. for an inside aud lid. for an outsido plane. In Loudon tho fare betwooa Tottenham Court-road aud Char ing Cross, a distanoe of moro than two miles, is a penny, and the same is charged io some oases for oron longer distances. I sincorelytrust that the men will win, for thoy aro as a genoral rule remarkably oivil, well conducted and efficient. About thoir honesty there seems to ho some difference of opinion. Their enemies assert that the strike is oaused by the notion of the genoral Omnibus Oompauy, following the example of thoir rivals of tho Road Car Company, and introduoing the "tioket system," which ensures all the money received for fares boing handed ovor to the company, "instead of such a percentage as the driver and conduotor decided to be paid, noting on the principles of distributive justioe, as expounded in the Ethios of Aristotle, and not forgetting the scriptural maxim against muzzling the ox when lie trondeth out the corn." Meotings at 2 o'olook in tho morning havo been hold at both extremities of London, and tho probability is that unless the companies concede the demands of the men London will bo without omnibuses on Monday next. It is admitted that before the introduction of tho tioket system the driver and conduotor supplemented thoir wagoa out of tho earnings of the bus by about 8s. a day, but they had to make cortain payments to horsekcopers, timekeepers and others whioh absorbed about two-thirds of this sum. The English version of the Pope's oncyolioal on tho oondition of labor has boon issued. It asserts a number of truisms— such as that the hours for daily labor must not be too long ; that they should be shorter for minors and quarry- men than for others ; and that tliero should be no Sunday work. One sentonoo is: "Mastors and rich mon must remember their duty ; tho poor, whose interests are at stake, must make evory lawful aud proper effort ; and sinoo reli gion nlone, as we said at tho beginning, can destroy the evil at its root, all races must be persuaded that the primary thing needful is to return to real Christianity, in tho absenco of which all the plans and deVioes of tho wiso will bo of little avaiL" The Bishop of Manchester is tho first Anglican prelate who has spokea on the encyclical. Dr. Moorhouse said that his Holiness's address "showed a large mind, a very extensivo knowledge and a very sagacious fore sight." I am glad to seo that the former Bishop of Melbourne is showing in his present position the same masculinity of intelleot that ho dis played at the antipodos. What are wo to say of a train stopped by brigandB, tho passengers robbed, and several of them taken into tbo mountains and hejd to ranson ? This is an admixture of the systems of the Groek " Klephts " and your fellow oolonist, the lato Nod Kelly, who took up a portion of tho North- eastern railway botweon Benalla ami Wangaratta, oxocpt that ' tho objcot of Kelly was to kill the polioc, and not to injure or capture passengers. Tho inoident occurred near tho Sinokll statioD of tho railway between Constantinople and Adrianoplo, and occurred pa tho evening of 1st June to tlie train which passes through tho place about midnight. Tho signalman was ovor- powored, the line was takon up, nnd when tho train camo to a standstill, somo of the carriages being overturned, tho brigands, 30 in number, led by a chief named Anastatius, appeared upon the scene, robbed all the passengers, went through tbo baggage, took captivo tho occupants of the first class compnrtmonts, four Germans and two Austri- ans, and carried thom off to tho mountains. Ono of them, Moritz Israel, a Berlin linen merahnnt, wnsrelonsod upon condition that if bo brought back a sum of £8000 his fellow enptivos, Oscar Grogor, Osoar Kolscb Zosbig, Albert Maquet, Siegeldorf and FranzRoot, should be released, but that ia default of compliauco with this demand, or on any attempt boing made to oapture tho gang, the prisoners would be put to death. The sooond and third class passengers were sot at liberty. Ilerr Israel went to tho German em bassy at Constantinople, and after some nego tiation, tho monoy was prooured from tho Ottoman Bank ou accouut of tho Turkish Government, and Israel, accompanied by the third dragoman of tho ombassy, started for the plaoe appointed for tho brigands. It is believed that Anastatius, who is a bandit of groat eminenoo in his profession, expected to have caught in his net Mr. Stephen Rnlti, a rioh English banker, wIiobc ransom would have boen fixed at very muoh mora than £8000. Tho Vienna correspondent of tho Times hints that several of tho railway servants wero implieated in the plot. Tho bandits, who aro Greeks, appear to havo received the most ac curate information as to tho oiroumstances of tho passengers, and to have soleoted the riohest for oapturo. The whole affair re calls to ono's recollection tho sad tragedy in 1870 by which, in tho very neighborhood of Athens, four English travollors wero sacrifioed to tho vongcanoo of their captors. It was known that these brigands had accomplices amongst Greek officialsand politicians, but tho " unspeak able Turk " is too honorable for auy such com plicity. The Czar has returned to. St. Potorshnrg af tor paying a visit to the Fronoh Exhibition which is now being held at tho ancient onpitai of tho Russian Empire. There seems little doubt that an attempt was mado to introduoe dynamito into the exhibition building, and that tho Emperor was only preserrod from assassination by the vigilance of the police. It ia not remarkable that attempts upon his lifo Bhould bo made. Alexander III. is responsible for one of the most atrocious ediots ever signed by any sovereign. Ho onnnot bo ignorant of the fiendish cruelty that is driving into death or cxilo 5,000,000 of his most submis sive subjects. No compassion is shown to ago or sex, and the ingenuity of the offioials is making tho interval between the wholesale expa triation, wbieh is the end at whieh the Govern ment aims, as uneadurablo ae possible. Foreign intervention only adds to the brutal determination of the Czar and his advisers, and the only pro blem is tho haven to whioh tho persecuted Jews shall wend their way. Turkoy offers thom an asylum, tho hospitality of Persia is invoked for them, while a very large proportion will desoond upon England. . Already tho immigration of destitute aliens is largely on the inorease, and societies are being formed in Russia for assisting an oxtonsivo emigration of the most indigent olass of Russian JewB to the United Kingdom. Steamors from tho Baltic will begin conveying thom to London almost immediately, aud 60,000 aro likely to bo landed during the ensuing summer and autumn. Lord Rothsohild said the other ovening at the council of tho United Synagogues that the Jewish community could not conceal from itself the faet that it was just now entoring upon a period of danger, considering that thero was reason to apprehend the influx of a largo number of destitute co-roliglonists. He for ono, however, did not beliovo that there would be any very large arrivals in this country. In his opinion, the greater number of fairly well to do Russian Jows who wero driven from their native homos would seek other plaaoe of refuge than this country, in view of the information reoently plaoed within their reach as to the con- -dition of tho labor market hero. As for their poorer brethren, every effort had been made to mako tbem aware of tho hardships that pro bably awaitod thom in England, and he did not antioipato any largo influx to these shores unless the English Jews were to adopt suoh sehemes of relief — and that was not very pro bable — as would induce large numbers of thoso unfortunate people to avail thomselvcs of thoso benefits. Thero was, howovor, ono paramount duty devolving upon the Jewish oommunity — the task of Anglicising the largo numbers of poor foreign brethren living in the East End. Meanwhile, publio opinion is rapidly coming round to tho boliof that in the oiroumstances of this country it would bo wiso to adopt tho policy of tho United States, and prohibit tho introduc tion of aliens who have neither money nor baggage. At present the condition of many of tho foreign Jews who aro landed, prino'ipally in German steamcre from Hamburg, is pitiable in tho extreme. Many of them are olad in filthy rags, and have nothing in tho world more than what they stand up in ; their appearance is so loathsome that tho boat men refuso to land them, and they have no monoy even to pay the few pence neoesBary for their railway fare from Tilbury to Londou. It is,- of oourse, contrary to English tradition to deny refuge to tho poorest man of Adam's kin, but it is questionable whether the Govorament is justified iu exposing the humbler elass of British workmen to the competition of the- myriads of Russian Jews who contemplate flocking to London within the next six months. A somewhat singular movement has been initiated by the peasantry in German Switzer land, who viow with alarm the growth of Socialist opinions in the larger towns of their republic. The object of tho programme is to minimise as muoh as possible tho interference and power of the cantonal and general govern ment This is to be effected by " simplification of State administration ; reduction of the staff of offioials ; taxos on landed property to bo loviod on what it produces, and not according to its value ; creation of privileges of inherit ance in favor of those sons of the peasantry who embrace the profession of their fathers as farmers; work to be provided for women, and encouraged by an equnl distribution of industry all over the country ; custom tariffs to he raised, determined opposition to the workday of eight hours, pro tection against usury, the abolition of publio fes tivals aud Government pensions, opposition to all superfluous State expenditure, and improved education." It will be interesting to watch this movement ; the European peasant, who in every othor country except Great Britain is usually a landowner, is generally as conservative as tho town workman is demo cratic, and it is quite upon the cards that the firmest advocates of particularism will bo found amongst the tillers of the soil. Your old governor, Sir Henry Looh, has treated the threatened "Boer Trek" into Beoliuannland with great firmness, and has made President Krugar understand very dis tinctly that until ail dangor of the " trek " bad passed away it would be impossible to discuss tho situation in Swaziland. "Tho in formation," said Sir Henry, "which I continue to rcceivo is coutlioting, nnd I should bo glad to rooeive your Honor's nssuranao that tho rumors that the treks are not abandoned are untrustworthy." The uncer tainty which prevailed had compelled tho Capo Government to send troops to Boohuanalanil. Tho letter went on to say : " Our oonfideuoo would not he restored, nor tho responsibilities of the Government of the South Afrioan Govern ment ended by the mere declaration by tho leaders that the treks, which have been originally organ ised for tho object I havo indicated, are now willing to oeeupy tho sameeountry in ostensibly a friendly instead of a hostile manner." The letter seems to have had the dosired affect, for tho Volksraad confirmed the President's procla mation that any trckkor would bo liable to a fine of £500, or ono year's imprisonment with hard labor. The baccarat caso lias completely taken tho , wind out of tho sails ot tho Berkeley peerage caso, whioh otherwise would havo boen a cause cillbrc. Lord Eldon deoidc-d against the unolo of tbo petitioner in 1811, and it is diffioull after this lapse of yoars to obtain any evidence of Mary Cote's marriage to the Earl of Borkeley strong enough to upset the dcoision. But thero seems reason to beiiavo that Lord Eldon was wrong In assuming that tho signature of tho vioar, Hapsman, to the oertifioato of marriage was a forgery. Tho opinion of Mr. Holmes was that not only was tho signature bond Me, but that tho wliolo entry in tho banns' hook was in tho handwriting of tho vicar. Ifo had coma to this oonolusiou by comparing tho entries with others whioh wore admitted to he In the vioar'a hand writing, and ho was also of opinion thnt tho signature of Mary Colo, tfie bride, and Wm. Tudor, a lad of 16, who was ono of the wit nesses, wns also genuine. Ho was also examined as to tho physical oonditiou of tho ontry for the marriage in 1785 in the rogistor of marriages, which he said he had oarefully examined witli the aid of a microscope. He said the entry was on n part of the last fly loaf of the register, the hook boing turned upside down when tho ontry was writton. This part so writton was then pasted down on tho cover, and anothor sheet of papor, not belonging to tho regiBtor, pasted over it and the whole cavor, so that tbo ontry was oompletely concealed. Tlion to th'o remaining part of tho last fly-loaf so tampered with wasadded another pieoe of paper, whioh also did not belong to the register, witli paste, so as to mako it represent a - whole page, but the join was visible. It socmod also that on tho remaining part of tho fly leaf there was registered a marriage, in 1790, oallod the Cowley marringo. Some evi dence was then given by a miaroooopio export ns to the oharaotar of tho ink in tho cutrios, with a view to vorify dates. Ho oamo to tho con clusion that the ink of tho ontry of 1785 was older than that of the Oowloy and somo other entries of a later dale. Tho committoo thou adjournod sine die. Lord Olnnoarty has joined the majority, and Bollo Biltou is now Countess of Olnnoarty. It is understood that she will loavo the stago, and oudeavorto graoo hor now rank. Poor Lord Olnn oarty had been an invalid for somo yoars, suffer ing from time to timo from bad attaoke of tho gout, which had undermined a constitution never robust. I do not suppose that tho marringo of his eon, and the strictures passed upon bis own conduct in compelling Lord Dunlo to oommonce proceedings for divorce, had any tendoncy to inoroasq his happiness or improve his bodily hoalth. Thero has boen another financial orisis in Buenos Ayros and a run on all the banks, whioh compelled tho Old and Now Italian Banks, the Fronoh Bank of the River Plate and tho Com mercial Bank to close thoir doors. Tho Legis lature, with its usual consideration for persons in difficulties, has passed a law suspending for 30 days the right of unpaid depositors to tako legal proceedings against defaulting banks. Everyone now dreads that the disturbances re cently suppressed in Cordova will break out again in other parts of the rcpubtio. Mr. Edouin and Miss Atlierton, who hw reoovercd from her long illness, havo appeared at the Stiand in a new faroiqal oomcdy, adapted from the German of Von Morot. The story is of the sketchiest description, but Edouin, as an old commodore, who lives in a house whioh ho has made to look exaotly liko the cabin of a ship, and Miss Athertop as a fast widow of rank, keQp the audience iu a roar for a couple of hours. A oiovor skit on Ibaqn, ontitled Ibsen's Ghost or Toole up to Date, has beeu produced at Toolo's. It commences with a continuation of Hodda Gabler. Goorgo Tesraan, after tho suicide of his wifo, )ias married Then, whose lover, Lovborg, had also shuffled off the mortal coil. She is as feeble and rabbit like as for merly, anil Teaman's tiiok of saying "Just fanoy " has grown on him. Thea has developed a mania for kissing everybody, 'and sho oannot keep her littlo habit from her husband. " Judge Brack kissed mo yesterday," sho tells her hus band with an inane smile. Her grandfather oomes on q visit, and it turns out that the kissing mania is hereditary, and arises from the old gontlemen having kissed one of his wife's bridesmaid's. Tboa persuades him to put vino leavos in his hair and shoot himself, but meantime ho has turned into Ibsen himself, and Thea has been transformed into Hedda Gabler. At last the grandfather, his wife and Thea all commit suioido, the only remark of Tesman being when he sees the throe corpses, " Fanoy that 1" Toole as Ibsen is droll in tho extreme, and in no part moro so than when he tries to express himself in dumb show, u la Enfant Prodiguo, and Miss Van- brugh was very lunny in her parody of the two Ibsen heroines. Mr. Robert Buchanan has writton anothor skit on Ibsen, which ho calls Tho Giftod Lady. Tho heroine, Bedolia Dangloton, is tho wifo of a dramatic author, and herself tho writer of comio plays. ShS ' is omanoipated, and is surrounded by ser vants and friends who are in the samo mental condition. Sho is attracted by the genius of a fantastic poet, Algernon Wormwood, who haunts tho house, accompanied by bis two friends, Vitus Dance, tho oritio of the future, and Vergris, a fin de siiele French poet. Thoro iB another emancipated woman, Mrj. Felicia Strangways, who has dosertod hor seven children, including a rocont pair of twins, to follow the absurd poet — twins being so oonyentiopal. Wormwood's dramas are rejeoted, and it is understood that they become masterpieces by the world's rejec tion. Finally Dangleton becomes himself an Ibseuite, whereupon his wifo peroeives ber folly, becomes uncmanoipated, and dismissoa Worm wood, who goes baok to the drapery husinoss, whioh he had originally followed. To persons Who havo seon A Doll's House, Hedda Gablor and Tho Woman From tho Sea, tho piooo is vory amusing, but I am afraid it will be caviare to the general The effeots arc not so broad and intel ligible as is the case with Toole's parody. Madame Melba made her first appearance for tbis season at the Italian opera on 2nd Juno in Gounod's Romeo et Juliotte. Hor improve ment from last year is very remarkable, and the tremulous tones of tbroo yoars ago havo given place to the pure production of a musical and resonant voice. Her singing alike in the trivial musio of the waltz air in tho first aot and tho impassioned strains of the third and fourth wero admirable. Jean do Reszke was an ideal Romeo, and tho rest of the cast was oxcoption- ally good. Sho was subsequently to appear as Gilda, in Rigoletto. Tho growing crops of wheat all ovor Europe have suffered from the reoent wot and cold weather, and priocs are likely to rise, tho more eapeoially as thero does not seem to he muoh prospect of any large import from Australia or South America. Indeed in Argontino the sup ply of grain is said not to bo sufficient for local requirements. I have paid another visit to tho Military Tour, namont at the Agricultural Hall, and liavo again boen muoh pleased with tho appearance, tho physique nnd the prowess of the Victorian Mounted Riflemen. There is a markod differ ence between them and the English troopers ; they aro slighter, more lithe, and I think moro active, hut they certainly are quite ns strong physically, for on Wednesday thoy unhorsed nu equal number of British light cavalrymen. Their display of taction resembles somewhat that of tho 20th Hussars, who havo been trained to aot as mounted infantry. The horses of the latter are better trained, but the men are no smartor, and they cortainly aro not better horsemen. The officers and men of the Victorian Mounted Rifles aro great popular favorites, and their visit to Great Britain has mado tho publio of this country realise that there are well trained troops in tho Australian ooionics, a fact of which thoy previously wore not aware. The detachment has been vory successful in tho competitions. Lieutenant Bon has taken the second and Captain M'Loish the third prize in tho officers' riding and jumping competition, and Jefforson the first prize in the same for non-commissioned officers and privates. Sergeant M'Laughlin has gained tho first prize for tilting at tho ring, and Mawlcy the first prize for tent pegging, and the third for lemon cutting. Mr. H. M. Slanloy has definitely decided to visit Australia, and has signed n contract with Mr. R. Smythe. He proposes to sail in Septem ber, and to remain ou our side for about s|x months. Of oourso curiosity will induco largo numbers to pay thoir money to see a person who lias managed to make himself so much talked about but if thoy want to understand tho truth about the interior of Africa aud tho last expedi tion whioh Stanley commanded, thoy will do well to read the various hnoks whioh havo been writteu on tho snbjcot within tho iast twelve months, and mako thomselvos acquainted with both sides of the question. Sir Graham Berry and Sir Saul Samuel have returned from Vienna, and speak highly of the kindness and hospitality thoy received there, and of the kindly feeling evinced to the Aus tralian colonics by the other membors ot the 1'oBtul Union. On Saturday last they were entertained by the Kaiser. I do not think that they have gained any great diplomatic victory, or that it was worth while for two Agents- General to go all tho way to Vienna tnorely to arrange for the concession of one representative for Australia nnd the neighboring islands, Judgo Casey has gone to Hungary in ordor to Btudy tho zone railway system, whioh is said to be working extremely well. 