SOCK AND BUSKIN. Sarah Bernhardt hag left Her Majesty's and gone to tlio Royal. Theodora vma produood at tlio Boyal on Thursday night. A grand spectacle. » It in reported that the butchers, bakers and milkmen are forming n Union on account of the Bernhardt season. Goody once more feels comfortable. He is back in bis old quarters at the Boyal. - Charles Cartwrighb and MJsr Olgn Nnthcr- solo appear in 'J lie Profligate at the Gnrrick to-night. Harry Poulton played Simeon Strong in The Idler during tlio provincial tour with Wright. Laurenco Cautley plnys it hero. m John L. Sullivan appeared at Her Majesty's on Thursday in Honest Hearts and Willing Hands. mm The picture-in front of Her Majesty's has been gazed at by admiring young pugilists with admiration. Mind some of the boxing clubs don't collar it. m m m Jack, the fighting kangaroo, is on intelli gent animal. He dodges the blows of the Lone Fisherman as cleverly as Griffo. » The actress in Euangeltne who has the best figure and handsomest presence is not eligible . for tho matrimonial stakes. She is married. Alas, poor Johnnies ! m m m Catlierino Fortescno has any amount of diamonds. Their, glittor would make a pawn broker mad with envy. mm Dr. Bill resumes practice at tho Criterion to- night, Myra Kemblo will appear. « It is said Messrs. Brongh and Boncicanlt have taken a lengthy renewed loose of tho Cri., and alterations arc to bo mado in tho stage which will vastly improve the houso, m m m Two pantomimes in Sydney at Xmos, at Her Majesty's and tho Boyal. Duncan Macullum is in Sydney. Duncan is well-known in theatrical oircles. mm How are tho Williard and Hernia Company faring in China and Japan ? Wo trnst the rioters have not abducted any of the yonng ladies. » " Jugs and Mugs " is a favorite ditty in tho Old Guard. All our Btaff will be there when it'B on at the Boyal. mm Lewis John Lolir is in New Zealand again with tho Williamson Juvonilo Opera Troupo. He don't play, he goes ahead. Sarah Bernhardt cutlets is tho latest'dish at ono cafd. They must be nice. m m Tho hurdle race on skates at Darlinghursb Bink 1b awfully funny. Why don't tho girls try it ? w « m Goppin doesn't seem to be " coppin " out very well over tho Dancing Girl at tho Mel bourne Boyah judging by tho Argus' report. Dr. Bill will be ono oJ tho California Theatre's strongest _ attractions ''during the coming season in 'Frisco. m m Why don't somo enterprising Australian manager engage Sir William Gordon-Cum- ming for a starring tour in this conntry? Langtry, Irving and tho other English freaks would not be in it with him. m m m Mrs. Langtry, cut up at her London failures, has cut down her personal expenses and moved intocheaper quarters. It is stated that Honry Irvibg'sj sons had given up their plans to . enter into, other pursuits than the stago, and both will become professionals. Thoy are said to inherit some of their father's talent. Honest Hearts and Willing Hands opened at Her Majesty's on Thursday last to a fair audience. m m Sullivan inappropriately rigged out in full oveding dress in tho first act was bad. » » m John L. in his forgo, a smith to the waiet and a masher below, was bettor. m » In the last act, however, Sullivan in the ring, and consequently in his element, was really good. # m m Jack Sweeney makes qnito a hit in Honest Hearts and Willing Hands. Ho is called upon to sing on more than oue occasion. The spirit is willing but the voice is weak. # # Janet Achurch and Charles Charrington played Camille and A Doll's House at Nhill on Tuesday and Wednesday. m m m There was a large audience at tho Princess Theatre 011 Friday night to witness tho first production of Mg Sweetheart , the musical comedy with which Mr. Charles J. S. Palmer has been touring Australia, and we are pleased to bo able to say that the piece was well re ceived » » m. An actor with a new suit wanted to cap the cliinax, and to do so bought a but. The newspaper-heading, " Mrs. Potter in a Harom," neither looks nor sounds well. # . What makes actors so fly ? Because they are in the wings so much. m m A ihan is in a bad box when it is not paid for. Strong bills lift tho business. mm Tho estate of the lata Lawrence Barrett has been inventoried by tlio executors at over .£40,000. In a lottur left to his wife tho tragediun bequeathed his Cassias armor and sword to tho Players' Club. m m m . We sometimes wish that those who criti cise our aoters could take their places on the stage. « When you want to seo a play that "holds the boards" you must plank down your money. # » # " How did Sullivan strike you f" " Good Lord ! ho didn't strike me." m m m Tho San Francisco Drama of June 13 sayB : — John L. Sullivan, Esq., actor, has won a tumultuous triumph, aud the sceucsof excite ment at the portals" of the Bush-street Theatre this week liavo had no parallel in our amuse ment history. Tho rush to secure seats and get a peep at " the big fellow" were as good as a circus, m m m An important and unlooked-for event of the noxt dramatic season in New York will bo tho return of tho stago of tho beautiful Mrs. Scott Siddons, great granddaughter of the famous Sarah Siddons. # # A New York paper says : — " It is wliis- pored that Henry Irving's visit to these shores tliis Summer is not merely for plea sure, but with a view to canvassing tho desirability of another American tour. Lot it be hoped devoutly that rumor is correct in this instance. Mr. Irving's engagement always exercises a salutary effect upon public taste in this country." # # # Although Sarah Bernhardt will not appear in Now York until lato in next season, pre parations aro now being mado at the Tremont for that occasion. Charles W. Witham, sceno painter, and Edward Morse, stage carpenter, will be at work all summer upon the sets, which will equal in beauty anything yet Been in this country. m An aspirant for dramatic fame in the person of Mr. Georgo Dobbyn, of South Brisbano, is now a member of Mr. Georgo Bignold's 00m- pany at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydnoy, says Brisbane Boomeba.no. Mr. Dobbyn is well known to a largo circle of friends in this city as an amateur of unquestioned natural ability in tho representation of Shakespearian char acters. Wo have witnessed his performance of Bicliard III., and though naturally crude and unfinished in conception and rendering, it showed unmistakeablo signs of gennino talent that time and opportunity will mako notable. # « J. A. South 's company, playing in Gympie, is votod"as good as the Gympie Minstrels." This is more of a compliment than it seems. Business is good, and South is gradually getting North. # # Mr. J. L. Toolo and company produced for the first time, on Saturday, May 30, Ibsen's Ghost ; or, Toole up to Date, at J.L.T.'s own London theatre. mm The Stage of May 28 says Mr. Christie Murray will return to England somo time towards tho end of July. His intention is to arrange a provincial tour for his play oallcd Chums, which has been a prononncod success in Australia and New Zealand. Thepieco, which deals in a picturesquo manner with Colonial life, will bo represented by a strong company, in which will bo found Mr. G. P. Carey, a clover Australian oomodian ; and special scenery will be oarriod. A novelty in the tour will do Mr. Murray's first appearanco in England. as an actor in his own play. His porformauco is spokon of very highly, so ho may rest assured of a hearty welcome over horo. With tho company also will bo Mr. Fred. Stanmaur, who left England for the colonics soni'o few years ago. 