The Shearers' Dispute. ? ? At last the clouds have begun to roll away, and we have the promise of brighter and happier days in the relations of employer and employed. The correspondence in another column showing that all the difficulties have been removed in the way of a free conference between pastoralists and shearers will be read with satisfaction by the public, who, whatever mav be their personal leanings, musthave felt that this long continuance of strained relations was disastrous to the general welfare. This is not the time for any review of the past, but rather for saying let bygones be bygones, and for looking forward in the hope that no contre temps will occur to disturb the harmony of the pending negotiations. The Bhearers have done well in withdrawing a stumbling-block that lay in the way, and the pastoralists have done well in frankly agreeing to a free conference. We may regret that these things did not take place long ago ; but he would be no friend to the cause of peace and good understanding who would raise the question of whose fault it was. To an outsider it may have appeared as if there was some, probably unintentional, playing at cross-purposes, or rather a coyness on both 6ides at seeming to be nrnking1 concessions or advances. But now that the reserve has been broken through no one will be guilty of the ' bad form ' of rais ing the ghosts of the past. The struggle of the past has been bad for the country and bad for all ; and the sooner it is buried and out of sight the better. The labour party have now, as they feel and know, the opportunity of having their griev ances considered in a constitutional way, and as far as legislation can go they have it in their hands to have anything which they may regard as wrongs made right. In such circumstances it would be worse than madness for them to have any sympathy with violence as a remedy. This conference we confidently hope will be the closing of a period to be itself remembered with regret, but which, if wisely turned, may be the prelude to a long term of peace and progress. If we may add one closing admonition, we would express the hope that both parties will show their confidence in their good intentions and their cause by taking the public into their confidence and holding the conference with open doors. Nothing good comes of secret conclave. The public is as much interested as either party — possibly more than both — in having the affair ended satisfactorily, and the public sympathy, frankly invited and frankly given, will be a stimulus and not an obstacle to progress. 