BROADBRIM'S JS7EW Y O JiK LETTER. It was a cvclone, a blijzard, a monsoon, and a typhoon all in one. Knocked out was no name for it. Disaster does not describe it. Calamity is only a -weak figure of speech tor the defeat. The Republican party, for the time being, iJ gone. Phew ! Wasn't it a stun ner? Didn't the ins mourn and the outs rejoice? I can imagine ike feeling* of (he anciftBt Jews when they first cau^lit aigut or the Promised Land. Well, its over, the battle is fought and won, and now we can sit quietly down to figure on the loss and gain. One of Chauncey Depew's best jokes at the Stanley dinner on Saturday night whs that he was glad of Stanley's arrival at tins time, for having succeeded in diarovering Livingston and having found Emin Pasha, perimj.s he would help us to discover what had become of the Rtpublican party. In sooth, it was a brutal joke. I don't believe in jesting on the dead, at least before the corpse is cold. If t-lie great chiefs of the Sioux or the Sacs and : Foxes cm!') have witnessed the scalp dance i of the ereat Winouiskv and the Tammany 1 Braves, it would have delighted their hearts, j and in deep libations of fire water they would i hare given thanks to the great. Spirit for the magnificent victory accorded his faithful children. At an assemblage of Republicans and Democrats down at Jerry Flynn's, in the Sixth Ward, McCarty remarked -it wuz the O'Kinlej Tariff playin' into the hands av the British to down Parnell and Home Rule. But Tim Feeny paralyzed the crowd, for he said that he knew the rayson, and he had just got it from head-quarters from ould Boss Croker himself. The crowd held their breaths and gathered about Tiin anxious to know the great secret, and he told them in a solemn voice that the Boss iould him the rayson of the vichtory wuz bekase Tammany li»d the most vo'es. It may not he in the politest form or the best grammar, but its the frozen truth, and that's about the size of it. While to the Republicans, no doubt, the result of the elections is little less than a calamity to the cause of humanity and " a government of the people, and for the people, and by the people," there is a gain wliererer human government is known. Where on the face of the globe could such a revolution occur without bloodshed or violence ? We have in our midst elements as turbulent and cruel as can be found on the face of the eBrth. Europe has thrown upon us the worst of her anarchists and murderers whom she had to drive out, because she could not control them. We have placed t he ballot in their hands and yet the Government is unshaken. Cleveland goes out and Harrison takes his place, Har rison retiree, and there is a reasonable expectation that- a Democrat will succeed liiui in the While House. If he should do so, on the day of the inauguration the outgoing and the incoming Presidents will ride to the capital in tlie same carriage. The defeated candidate will receive almost as many cheers from the multitude assembled as his successor. The great ledgers of the Republic will be handed over to the proper officers, balanced to the hundreth part of a dollar, and the next dav the business will go forward as if there had never been a change. It is no use grum bling, speculating on c tuses or moralizing on future possibilities, the American people have decided for the Democrats, and the best thing to do is to accept the result in an honest fashion. From one end of the Union to the other we hear but one report, and that is that it was the quietest and most orderly election ever seen m this country. The battle is over, carry off the detd ; but as I have often said in these letters before, my sympathies generally run with the underdog in the fight. " Bequiescat in pace." King down. The arrival of Stanley was one of the start ling sensations uf the week, for he lias been one of the most marked men in the world for the lust fifteen years. To look at him now one can scarcely realize the accounts of the forlorn condition at the time of his forlorn condition at the time of his nuptials in Westminister Abbey. In his case, evidently, marriage ib not a failure, for Mrs. Stanley—nee Dorothy Tennant—looks like a woman who would bring any man back to life. Certainly Stanley never looked better than he dues now. I dined with him in Paris on his re' urn from Africa in 1878; lie then looked like a ghost, and a very poor ghost at that; he sat all the evening and scarcely said a word, or ate, or drank a thing, in fact lie looked like a very sick man. Now lie has grown stout and cheery ; he looks like a bappy man; he talks more than of yore, and is altogether a different person form what he was when he lett to start on his lastexpedition. He was then advertised to lecture at Stein way Hall, but he lelt here at a moment's notice, and liis coining back is like the march of a conqueror. All classes are eager to lionize him, but Stanley sjw so much lionizing in Africa that the thing has lost its novelty. Evidently Mrs. Stanley is a good enough lion tor him. She is pr«ud of her great husband, and he seems proud of his handsome and talented wife. His lectures will be the grandest succe-s ever seen on the lecture pint iorm, and when he goes to England he will have to get a horse and cart to carry off his bonds Strange complications arise from day to day ; in fact, we are ne*er without a sensation of gome kind. A few specks a«o a man was found dead in one of the rooms of a hotel at Yonkers. He had committed suicide. He had registered under the name of Smith, but had left no clue to his identity, and this looked as if he might find his final resting place in Potter's Field. Ju-t m the nick of time a nice old gentlemen by the name of Sumner appeared upon the scene, and he identified the suicide as a friend and client of his by the name of Edgar, a wall by English chemist, who had come to this country about t wo years ago with a fortune of about one hundred thousand dollars. Sumner took charge of the body, paid all the expenses of the funeral, and then intimated that possibly there night have b«*ea foul play. Mr. Edgar had a couple of nephews who were a liUle uff color, and that possihlv they might have had something to do with it. Mr. Sum ner was sorely exercised at the fate of his old friend, and appeared very anxious to know what bad become of his hundred thousand dollars. After a time there began to he doubts if there were any Edgars in the flesh, and if at the bottom of the whole affair there was not a plot to utilize the body of Smith, the suicide as a dummy for the mythical Edgar whose life was comfortably insuved. The record of the uious old Sumner was over hauled, and it wan discovered thai he had been mixed up in a number of shady affairs, but so far the cunning fox had escaped through the BiesUes of the law. When detestion of the fraud became known, someone wiole a letter | saying that the dead Edgar iiad been seen walking Broadway two we«*ks after he was buried. If it was a plot, Mr. Sumner will never get a stiver of insurance. The Dutchess of Mai lborough, who married tbe notorious Duke of that name, had bsen iu the city for several weeks irjing to raise some money, meanwhile the constables have been bunting around to find something tangible to levy on belonging to Her Grace The iady is called Her Grace and the Duke is her disgrace, ifo charge for this, as I expect to send it to the London Punch. From her first husband Mr. Hammersley, she received at his death the interest of several millions of dollars. The lady lived bigh and fast, and u*ed up her immense income almost as fast as it accumu lated. On the occasion of her marriage she drew a hundred thousand dollars from her late husband's executors, and like the gener oub iadj that she was footed all the bills—bis Graceful nibbs not even having to pay for the staterooms on the elegant stramerlh»t curried him and his lovely American bride ba k to his castle in Halbion's HUe. When they got Lome the roof of his house needed fixing) and away went the tail end of that hundred thou sand dollars, then there was crockery to buy and many of the kettles and pans npeded soldering ; and no wonder, for some of them came ocer in the Conqueror. Several little debts of various kinds remained to be settled, and the Duchess required another dot. She called Bgain on the New York executors for another hundred thousand, they kicked like mules, but she got it. That has gone where the woodbine twineth, as the late Jiui jFisk of blessed memory once remarked to an Erie stockholder, and now like Oliver Twist, she is asking for more, ller English creditors are hustling around to find something to levy on, but as yet they have not found anything large enough to make a canary bird's perch. They wouli like Her Grace to make a post obit on her American expectations, but she is not doing that sort of thing now, she will wait till she gets back to Blenheim. Herr -John Most turned up in Brooklyn on Saturday night to give an oration on the martyrs that were hung in Chicago, Novem ber 11, 18S7. Most was to speak in companv with Lucy Parsons, the colored wife of the Chicago Anarchist, but Mrs. Parsons failed to put i» an appearance. 'Cause why ? Well, she '-.ouldu't, for she was fast locked up in jail in Newark, New Jersey, where she tried to kick up a row the night before, expounding the American Constitution. When the fuu commenced Herr Most, like the brave man that he is, got up and dusted j but Lucy kicked like a Texas steer, and it required several policeman to land her in a dungeon ClII. On Saturday night Most appeared in Brooklyn ; at first the city authorities thought of forbidding the meeting, but the matter being left to the chief of polics be said, " L.-fc it go on." He sent down seventy policemen to the hall, aui they had all their long night clubs : the orders were not to interfere in any way, and as long as they maintained order they were not to be ditsurbed. Herr Most undoubtedly remembered the night before when he just escaped with a whole skin, and " hs roared me gently as a sucking dove." A renegade Baptist preacher named Hush O. Pentecost was advertised to speak, but leai-ing his feathers might be ruffed sent a letter instead. Sam Gompers, the Jnpiter Tonans of the Federation of Labor, is iu trouble, and his Socialistic associates purpose to throw him overboard. Sam is a constitutional kicker. He is the man who tried to down Powderly. Now, he himself is down among the dead men. Weil, this ie a sad, wicked world, and the fewer we praise in it. Ta, ta. 