Stage Gossip. The play of "Nance Oldfield," in which Miss Ellen Terry has been appearing with great suc cess, was originally called " A Tragedy Queen." The heroine was supposed to be Mrs. Bracegirdle, and war represented by Mrs. Stirling. Madame Bernhardt's American tour has proved successful enough to enable her to invest largely in real estates. Thus, recently, the purchase on her behalf of 7000 metres of land at Neuilly was completed for a sum of over ¿610,000 ; and here, it is thought, the actress means to rear herself a lordly pleasure house on her return from the States. _ No doubt the proceeds of her visit, to Australia will form a handsome addition to the golden harvest she reaped in the States. A one-act blank verse play, entitled "The Miser," was recently given in London at the benefit of Mr. Wilson Barrett. ; It was a weird and gloomy phantasy, but'was remarkable for a fine death scene, which was strikingly represented by Mr. Barrett. The Miser is supposed to be visited in turn by a tempting siren, by Satan, who scoffs at his treasured wealth, and finally by Beath, who claims him as his own. . " Ibsen's Ghost, or Toole up to Date," is the title of a successful skit on the Norwegian drama tist, which has been produced at Toole's Theatre. It is said to have been written by Mr. J. M. . Barrie, lt has furnished Miss Irene Vanbrugh' with a character in which she has displayed re markable powers of mimicry. : Miss Terry in her " Stray Memories " in the "Now Review" authoritatively disposes or a pretty little story about Mr. Irving being " so struck with her acting " one very foggy night when she was playing with him at the now defunct Queen's Theatre in Long Acre, that he promised that " if ever he had a theatre of his own he would give her an engagement." Many, we fear, will grieve to learn on such unexceptional authority that this story is " all moonshine." AB a matter of fact, Miss Terry tells us : "I was just ? then acting very badly and feeling ill, caring scarcely at all for my work at a theatre or for anything belonging to a theatre." Her realen-» courager was Charles Reade, who was wont to address her as " Eleanora Delicia." Miss Terry's full baptismal appellation, it appears, is Ellen Alicia. Mr. Jones, the author of "The Middleman," is. hard at work upon a new piece of a totally dif ferent tone and setting from anything he has . hitherto attempted. A piece written by a Mr. Eden Greville, and played for the benefit of a London charity, should not, at all events, fail through want of an impos- . ing name. It is called " Shakspere." The author has the courage not only to choose for his hero and heroine the poet and his fiancee, Anne Hathaway, but to introduce quite a host of distinguished contemporaries, ? There are John Shakspere (the poet's father), Mary Shakspere (his mother), and Tom Green, . Ben Jonson, Gabriel Spencer, and Hemynge (his comrades). Besides these, representatives had to be found for Spencer (the poet), Sir Walter Raleigh, the Earl of Leicester, Lord Southhamp ton, bir Thomas Lacy, Elizabeth Throgmorton, and finally Queen Elizabeth herself. Mr. Augustus Harris, of Drury Lane, bas determined to produce a nautical drama, having evidently taken a hint from the success of the Naval Exhibition held during the current year. The popular manager is adjured not to forget the fact that the sailor and his environments have changed, indeed, from what used to be the case when the late T. P. Cooke was the stavro re presentative of the British tar. But if, ac cording to Carlyle's dictum, the age of romance is as lasting as the human race, and, consequently, has never passed away,: there is no reason why the modern ironclad should not be made the scene of adventures as exciting as those which took place on board the old " wooden walla," though no doubt the latter had a decided advantage in the way of picturesque- ' ness. There was recently produced at the Strand Theatre, London, " A Night's Frolic," an adapta tion of a German three-act farce by Herr Von Moser, author of the original of "The Private Secretary." A curious development of dramatic art may shortly be looked for in America, where the heroine of a sensational tragedy of real life has. had a play written with the double object of Bet ting herself right with the world by giving the true story of her matrimonial affairs, and of making money to pay the costs of pending litiga tion connected with them. This enterprising young woman is Mrs. Eva Ray Hamilton, whose right to bear that name is more than doubtful. One legal decision has already pronounced her as riot being legally married ; but the point has not yet been brought to the final court of appeal, and she is going to fight for her stakes as the widow of Robert Ray Hamilton to the bitter end. The lady's idea af making a play out of her experiences I is certainly a very literal realisation of a sugges tion of the lato Dion Boucicault with respect to I the material to be used in what he described as the " contemporaneous drama " of the future. . Several London music hall managers have been eagerly trying to secure the services of the Baroness AlexanderiBsa Becsery, who has made such a sensation at a Berlin cafó chantant with her short petticoats and« broad Bongs. The fact that the baroness is the wife of a well-known Hun garian magnate, and a former friend of the Empress of Austria, of course, helpa to account for her popularity. Many versions are given of the circumstances which have led Madame Le Baronne to appear on the café cu autant stage, the moat generally accepted explanation being that it is due to her noble husband's refusal to grant her as much pin money as she requires. A scientist says that an adult requires five pounds of solid food a day. There is no royal road to anything. One thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast withers as rapidly; that which grows slowly endures. 