OUR SOUTHERN LETTER. (FKOM OUB OWN COKBESFONDENT.) FBBTH, Sep. 19. In the absence of anything of an exciting nature in the way of news with which to interest their readers, our newspapers have, since my last letter, been getting up a little excitement upon their own account. The first publication to sacrifice itself upon the altar of public amusement was the Fremautle weekly sheet which rejoices in the name of ' Liberty.' For some time past —a period, which dates from its birth— 'Liberty' has degenerated into License and without being funny has consistently been coarse in its allusions to the affairs of private individuals. About a fortnight ago however a rather more grossly personal paragraph than usual appeared in' License' which a Mr. Glover of this city took as a reflection upon his wife. Thereupon Mr. Glover purchased a riding whip and proceeded to the offending office and having found the Editor (engaged in the somewhat unsentimental occupation of type setting) proceeded to introduce the cowhide to his back. The Editor it appears, bore his castigation with becoming meekness at the time, but subsequently took out a summons against his assaulter. It was generally expected that the result of the case would be that Mr. Glover, in view of the extenuating circumstance of the case, would have been fined a shilling. To everyone's istonishment Mr. Fairbairn sentenced him to six days imprisonment. However in response toan influential deputation Mr. Glover was liberated upon the thirl day.. Mr. Commissioner of Titles James was the cause of the second newspaper episode. That gentleman, who as many of j'our readers are aware, is possessed of a very pretty wit, inserted in his public capacity a notice in the Government Gazette with reference to the increased charges levied in the * West Australian ' and the ' Daily News ' upon Land Titles advertisements. Both newspapers replied to the attack with great vigour and pretended to treat the notice as a JETR D'ESPRIT of Mr. Commissioner's. At this he waxed exceeding wroth and threatened the 'West Australian' with a libel action. That newspaper, haunted by the ghosts of Gribbles Rogerses and Hensmans, struck its colours and expressed its sorrow at having pained Mr. Commissioner. Thereupon Mr. Commissioner expressed HIS sorrow at having pained the ' West Australian.' and thus what might have been an exciting battle ended in smoke. 