(Ba OLD PLoLGOER.) An noe! how old one must necessarily feel as he recalls all the delightful memories as sociated with H. J. Byron's grand old bur lesque of "Aladdin." I have seen it hashed up by some of the " grand phantasmagorias" that travel on wheels through the Old Coun. try, playing to the "real, genuine tip. toppers" at a shilling per head, and gradu ally sloping downwards till the twopenny standing plank-boards were reached. I have seen it gorgeously staged at the old anl new Theatre Royal, in Melbourne ; at the Theatre Royal, Ballarat; at the Lyceum, Sandhurst; at military camps and digging townships in the mountains of New Zealand. As I waited on Friday evening in one of the "patent softwood seats" for the rising of the curtain my mind's eye wandered back to the days when the Melbourne Theatre Royal could boast of possessing one of the best conmpanies in the world, when the great Thespian trium virate of Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove existed not, and G eorge Coppin, Dick Stewart, and John Hennings "made the ghost walk " on pay day. It was easy to recall the bois terous mirth of John Dunn (father-in-law of the gifted Australian novelist, Marcus Clark); the racy humor, flowing as naturally as water from well, of J. Ri. Grevillc ; and the Mephistophelian laugh of Harwood. Ah! what pantomimes, what burlesques, there were in those palmy day, and what magni ficent scenery that genuine but must modest of artists, Hennings, delighted us with. One wonders whether the youths and maidens of these later land-boomnyears derive the intense enjoyment we did in the sixties. Let us hope they do, for the cankerworm of care will o'ertake them quickly enough. At that time Aspinall's glorious wit lit up, like an electric are, the columns of Melbourne Pul?ch and Garnet Walch had not found it nooos sary to place his varied gifts at the disposal of the big advertisers and land boomers. With these ghost-like memories chasing one another like elfl in a fairy dance, I confess, as I reclined on the "patent softwood," to having entertained some misgivings as tothe success of the Yea Amateurs' first essay in burlesque. But as the hall began to fill up, and the demand for additional chairs was renewed again and again, I felt like the manager who opened the front door to an eager public after the bailiffs had slipped in at the back, and thusly replied tobis friend's interrogatories: "How do I feel! Feel is no word for it. This house again puts me on the pig's back. Hang the bailiffs, hang the judges, hang the lawyers. Come and square up with the bailiffs, and drown dull care in a bottle of fizz. That's how I feel, old man." After a brilliant overture by Mrs. Hender son (the musical directress), the uprising of the curtain disclosed to our view the Vizier (Mr. Fred. Martin) having a cup of tea with the Mandarins (Messrs R. Drysdale, A. Wall, and J. Robinson), and singing right merrily: " The tea! the tea Refreshing tea. The green, the fresh, the ever free From all impurity." Evidently, H. J. B. had not made the same discoveries as our Customs officials, who lately condemned a whole shipload of the "ever free." Later on a yuuth yclept Pekoe (Mr. Charles S. M'Kay), the Vizier's hope, and his own pride, iewails his sad fate to his money-lending and usurious papa, telling him " In vain at bowls do I attempt to play." He has a loving eye on the charming and modest Princess, and alsoon eye to the main chance, in the shape of the Princess's dowery, but the Vizier gives him a little fatherly advice, telling him at the same time that " The Emperor's very hard up, and he'll come down soft." After which he confidingly says to his son with a knowing wink, " Leave it, boy, to your papa." Then the Emperor (Mr. Alick M'Kay) beards his Vizier, and upbraids him forsinging and dancing when he must know that "The Royal Exchequer is so very low." Which gives a chance to the Vizier to press his young hopeful's suit, after the manner of cringing Irish agent-attorney with spend thrift, good-natured Irish landlord. The Princess looks horrified when the proposal is broached to her, but, like many other dutiful daughters, unwillingly submits to be mcrificed, a"o.l than obmes the rollicking chorus: "Ching-a-ring, a-ring-n, Pop it on her finger ; What's the use of waiting, Loving folks should never linger." The second scene-a street in Pekin, which most be the most cosmopolitan of cities, if the artists (Messrs. Geddes and Alick M'Kay) are true to nature, though I suspect that, like poets, they occasiodiAlly take a little latitude-introduces us to two tea merchants, Messrs. Purcell and Kelly, and the Cuno SiCLt (showing that, after all, "there is something in a name) was "cheek by jowl" with " Good luck" in real Chinese charac ters. A capital scene it was, sand a particu larly good one foramateurs. Hero Abanasar, the magician (Mr. John C. Smith) takes the inhabitants of the Celestial City into his confidence: " I'd have you know, I keep no caravan, aml make no show." But with a box slung over his shoulders he discloses as many mysterious phials as a modern homn opathist. Aladdin (Mrs. M. J. Kelly) trips on with an airy grace, anxious to push his way on in the world, and ready to give one.two-three to anybldy daring to oppose his plans, followed by his adoring mama, the Widow Twankay (Mr. Geddes) who conies on at first with " lasted breath and whisp'ring humbleness, crying out, "Have you seen Aladldin, my Aladdin, Pass down this way!" butquicklydevelopsan aggressivenessworthy of the mother of that scamp Aladdin. Then we have the Jewelled Cavern Scene-another notch, please, for local artistic combinations - wherein the Genius of the Ring (Miss Halley) has a good deal to do, anl does it very well. In the fourth scene we have a chance of ad miring the pluck and daring which bent Aladdin ever onward, until he sends the Widow to the Emperor and Princess to tell them : " Say I roll in riches, Positively which is Not by any means a fabrication, I declare." And the Widow has to comply, unavailingly murmuring, "I shall, I'm afraid oh ! afraid ohil afraid oh ! Get the bastinado-inado-inado." The Slave of the Lamp (little Katie Dunn) in clear- ringing tones spurs Aladdin on: " Whoever owns that precious little lamp, A king or clown, philanthropist or scamp," can have everything he asks or wishes for, and Aladdin, seizing it with avidity, hurries off the Widow to the Palace with the injunc tion, " Come, do not lose a moment-a moment a moment; And if they at home ain't, at home ain't, Wait until they are. and tell 'em You're Aladdin's mar." And so on to the end of the chapter, till we find the Widow actually flirting with the Emperor, anil Aladdin triumphantly carry. ing off the Princess, after despatching his love-sick rival with a sword thrust. Alto gether, it was a couple of hours' real good fan, songs and dances, jokes and pans, run ning along, scarcely ahitch occurring from start to finish. As the result of the enter tainment, two cheques of £5 13s. 9d. each have been despatched to the Alexandra Hos pitals. The costumes were artistic and ap. propriate, and Mrs. Kelly, who devoted a lot of time to their manipulation, and un sparingly provided- the materials at her own cost, showed that she can blend colors even as the artist does with brush and palette. Mrs. Itenderson worked with her usual en thusiasm, and the entire company are to le congratulated on. their successful debht. And in this respect hMiss Grace M'Leish's name (though not in the programme) deserves special mention for her assistance in the songs and concerted pieces. 