©rtgmal &xixdt;& BOGUS MIKING COMPANIES. Mb. Outtbih, the Victorian Minister of MineB, Is anxious to distinguish himself by the Introduction of a law to prevent the formation of bogus mining companies and gambling in shares With this object in view he recently invited the committee of the Melbourne Stock Exchange to a conference, and tentatively submitted his proposals. Toe committee w&s; naturally flattered by the compliment and expressed sympathy with the laudable purpose of the MinlsUr ; bat its members did not seem to be much impressed by the ' methods he proposed for accomplishing it. ' There is, of course, no question as to the magnitude of the evil to be attacked. ' Mr, Oattrlm pot the case at strongly as possible, and what he Bald of Illegitimate mining speculation in Vic foiia will hold good with reference to every one of the colonies. The people «f Victoria, he stated, had been fleeced to the extent of many thousands of pounds annually by the floating of bogus com* Snles. ' When there was a line of well fined reef and a well-defined gutter, and as soon as a claim struck good gold, . either quartz or alluvial, the whole ?«f the neighborhood for a mile on ' each side was pegged out. Claims were placed on the market without the ghost of a chance of their ever seeing the color of gold on them. In times of excitement people were led away, and they took shares in all sorts of ventures, and of course they lost their money ' All this 1b very true and very sad. If a law were able to protect tteonle from the'uuelvee, to pro Tide with a good mental balance men who habitually go off their heads whenever there is a mining boom, and to keep the fool and his money from being parted, such a law ought cerbataly to be passed. Unhappily it is outside the pro Tlnoe of legislation to radically alter human aature. The most that can be attempted Is to protect unwise people from the machinations of clever rogues or wild cat speculators, who employ their wits to reap a harvest from the folly of the multitude In times of general excitement. It is doubtful to what extent glowing prospectuses really influence the minds of aharebnyen when a boom 1b la active operation. The history of the South Sea babbles, as well as of many mining ananlas of recent date, Indicates that scarcely any limit can be placed to human credulity and hope of gain, and that the two commonly run together. Bat If men have fully determined to gamble, usually they do not enquire too curiously as to the real merits of the stock, being satisfied that It passes car rent in the market ; and as this is the ease when the gambling fever is at its height companies will float on the slen derest representations concerning the vaioeof the properly. All that the law can do under such circumstances is to pro* tecs the bona fide investor from being de ceived by false reports,and In that direction something undoubtedly remains to be ac complished. One of the most necessary scforms is to increase the measure of responsibility of those who give their names as provisional direotors of new companies fox the truth of the statements contained In the prospectuses they endorse. Were this done the names of ?sen in whom the public have confidence would perhaps not be so easily scoured. The zeal of the Minister for the sup Ession of companymongerlng carries i far beyond simple measures of this kind. His design is first to prevent the floating of bogus companies, and secondly when companies are floated to make It an effence to boom the shares by means o Bogus transactions. In his opinion no wining company should be permitted fee register unless careful examination lias first been made by Government experts of the locality In which the com pany proposes to work. The registration ?f the company should then depend on a certificate being given that there is a fair chance of the operations of the company swing conducted at a profit. This pro posal was viewed with natural suspicion fcy the committee of the Stock Exchange, and the more it is considered the plainer become the objections to It, If there Is ene Industry that depends on specula tion more than another it is mining. Speculation is Indeed the very life of It, aad In the nature of things it must be so. S!liilng deals largely with uncertainties. Whatever progress may be made in the art of judging from superficial appearances the character of the mineral deposits mdemeath, there will always be more os less doubt only to be removed by the pick. Mr. Onttrlm'a scheme briefly amounts to a proposal that the Government shall dictate where and how capital may be invested. It makes the sanction of official experts a prerequisite of expenditure on mining -development in any direction. She Minister talks of 'men of known probity, In whom the public had implicit confidence' as necessary for the positions ?f mining experts, bat there are none aaeh to whom the public would be willing to entrust the task of limiting its specula tions. Any attempt to put the mining indutry in leading strings would certainly fee resented as an intolerable intrusion Into the legitimate domain of private enterprise. The whole scheme, in fact, breathes the spirit of over- legislation. It Is highly doubtful whether it could be effectually enforced. Assuming that the department honestly tried to make It operative, the natural tendency of official experts would be to authorise the prose cution of such ventures only aa would assuredly prove successful. A single failure oi a registered company would discredit the system, and justify the plea ef companies to whom the right of regis tration had been refused that as they could sot have done worse they ought to have been- allowed a chance of doing better. Consequently the officials mlghb be expected to become cautious to the last degree. Such a hindrance to speculation wonld soon manifest its absurdity and be ?wept away without the Government even waiting for the repeal of the Act. Just Slow the trouble in Victoria is not that speculation is too rife, but that there Is too little of it It may be urged that this 'condition is due to a reaction from former booms, but as Mr. Outtrim's plan would not only abolish endue speculation, but speculation of any kind, and therefore strike mining in a vital part, It is not to be preferred as a remedy to one which would treat a wound by the removal of the limb- To ?oppress gambling In stocks the Minister baa a fancy for a clause from a Canadian Act, which renders every person gailty of a misdemeanor who with the intent to profit by the rise or fall in the price of stock, er of goods or merchandise, and without the bona fide Intention of acquiring, agrees ?rally or In writing to purchase ouch stock, goods, or merchandise. It would be Interesting to know how this well meaning clause has worked. Judging from the effect of legislative Interference with gambling in some other directions, we should be prepared to learn that the clauee had proved wholly inoperative. The weak element in both Mr. Outtrim'fl propositions is their impracticability, A more favorable view may be taken of the proposal that companies should nob be registered until » certain amount of capital bas been subscribed. The Minister thinks that before a company becomes entitled Co operate a certificate from a bank manager swould be furnished showing not only that the required amount of capital has been subscribed but that since subscrip tion lb has not been used for other par poses than mining— as, for example, in payments to promoters. The necessity of some provision of this kind was admitted by Mr. Were, the' chairman of the Stock Exchange committee. He remarked : — *' The experience of the Stock Exchange vent to show (hat of lake ooaspMtles bad been floated with too little money placed to their credit. The Act provided that 5 per cent, of the subscribed capital must be paid up, but in many oases that had not been done. The promoters collared from a half to three-fourths of the amount, and In some esses even more, having but a very small sum to the credit of the company.' Iu this direction it seems that new legislation is not nearly so much required aB vigorous enforcement of the existing law. It 1b to the -credit of the Stock Exchange that so far as possible it endeavors to seoure coaa pllatce with the Act, Before stocks are placed on the official list information Is re quited which is said to be intended to throw difficulties in the way of bogus companies which have succeeded In securing registration. These difficulties will be Increased if the Stock Ex obacge, as is ptopoBed, refuses to place on its official list companies which cannot show that 5 per cent, of the subscribed capital has been paid up and placed to their credit. Precautions of this kind, however desirable, would not be called for at all if it were not for the systematic and deliberate evasion of the law. It is stated that nineteen out of every twenty no-liability companies in Victoria are registered illegally. Affidavits are made that the 5 per cent, of the capital has been paid up, when, as a matter of fact, the promoters have simply sgreed that a portion of the capital shall be deemed to have been paid up If Mr Outtrlm will take practical action to en force the law as it stands In the interests of legitimate mining he will render a really useful service to the inves ting public. 