TiE. STOPPAGE OF TIE "The fllowing le'ter has been sent to the Editor of the Argul. in reply to what Mr. Speight said to the deputatt.n which w:ited upon hirs :-Sir.-Or reading i. your col umns this morning the report of the depu. tation from the residents of Coalville to the Railway G'mmi-sionets I was very much struck with some of the information given by the chairman to the members of the delru tation, and can only thirnk that the feeling imported into the discussion,-" which is to be deprecated," has in some way caused an oblivion of some of the frtets of the case. Hiltherto I have nrt interfered in the mutter, as the tale has to be told later on, but ,ir justice to the company, and to the boardl of directors, for and on cecountof whom I am now writing tot you. I cannot allow some of the statements of the commissioners to pass unchallenged. Taking the items "to be dis. puted" in the report in the order in which they occur, I come to the statement by -the chairman 1\. That on receiving a letter from the 'de partment that they could not give more than i5o. 7d. a ton for the coal. the company re. plied that the price was £1, and that if the department would- not pay that the mine would be stopped, This is wholly incorrect. The. mine was stopped because the. company got formal potice on the. 13th January" that the com missioners would not be justified in paying oiirre than 15s 7d per ton for the coal. To this-.a reply wassefit on the 16th to the effectthat the mine would be stopped be. cause' thh price was reduced below an amount at which the company could carry on. Not one word about £1 a ton. In a previous letter we had asked if the depart. ment would give us £1 per ton, but we never threatened to close the:mine if they refused to give as this price. ' 2\. Mr. Speight.-We gave them 13s Id to start wilh, and after a while we gave them 2s fid more. This is also incorrect. The company never sold any coal at 13s Id. We started at 14s per ton, and this went on for about 15 or 16 months at asteady loss to the company. At the time of the New South Wales coal strike in 1588, Mr. Gillies..the then Minister of Railway's. announced in Parliament, int September I think of thu:t year, that the Government would give 251 for all Victorian coal during the remainder of that year and r22s 6d afterwards. - The commissioners interpreted this for themselves, and took delivery of our coal for consumption at War. ragn?, MoH, Traralgon, Sale, and other sta tions along the line, but deducted the car riage to Melbourne, where at that time hardly, any was taken, except during the strike. So for the remainder of .that year, "about three el'onths," we had 25s per ton, lrsn'dý lid for haulage to Melbourne--.is 7d-although at that time all our coaliwas kept np country fortebnsub.ption on the oippslind lines and saving the carriage of New ~roh ; Wales coal to Warragul.. We haveoaways given credit to the Minister of Biiltiayo'of the day for this small but abso. lately.necessary rise of Is 7d .per ton. Withorut this we should have been shut up two-years ao. 3\. Mr` Speight then went on to say that the coal was not een wo:th irt . 7d., that there had been trials nmde. and that the coal'w as from 25 to 40 per cent. inferior to Newcastle coal, that he had given the company results and they would not believe them, that he did cotcare'to punish them;as they were unsatisfactory, &c.;, Minding up with--"In fact, trie drivers would not use the coal if they got a ghost of a show' of avoiding it,' Sc. Very nice this, but which for the present I will pass without"-comment, except as to accuracy again. \- I cann asure Mr. Spei??t that no, results have- been tfurnished to this company, although we unnderstad two sets of trials have been made-one on the Oakleigh line, tihe other fromr Spencer.street. We call 'on aMr. Speight to furnish us with these results, and as he has done all he can to blacken (pardon the atrocity) the' character of the Moe coal, we ask him to punish them also if be chooses. He Bsays he did not punish them because they were unsatisfactory. We invite him to do so now after his public declara. tion. Mr.:. Speight also states. in. con; nection With his figuri?f that half of the coal.or more has been brought to Melbourne. This was only drrirg th 'strike when'?we gbt.drily messages from tle riailway store. keeper to try and double our output if' pos. sibles, or; on previous occasions when there was only a few days'aupply at Spencer-street and gales of wind at sea. With these excep tions.I venture to say that three-quarters on an average of what coal we produced never went beyond Warragul. Mr: Speight can easily get returns and put me in the wrong if this is not so. I am presuming on ob taininga large portion of your space, but I most plead the great imp',rtsnce of the question and the anxiety that public opinion should bo not prejudiced, also the great im portance not only to the Moe Company, but to the coal industry of Victoria. I have only written once-two years ago-on a coal question;.when I had to take exception to-:' statement given to the press by the chair man of commissioners as to the inferiority of Moe coal, and as the executive officer of the company 1 have felt a delicacy in coming into conflict with the chairman, but my duty to and instructions from my directors would not allow me to be silenton this occasion. Thanking you in anticipation for. the. pri vilege accorded to me.--I am ec., "' " - - L. HENDERSON, Secrelary Moe Ooal-mining Company Limited. \- 432 Collins.street, Jan. 24. 