The Disguised Heir. CHAPTER XXIV. A MYSTERIOUS ATTACK. While Viva was arranging the dainties that the I old gentleman had sent her into parcels, to be divided among the " little onea" when they came back to school, all tears and trouble (which was their usual state for the first few days), enjoying some of the good things herself, which she shared with Minny, read- ing all the ghost and love stories, and revelling in the illustrations of the Christmas books, Miss God- frey was spending the days in a far more dignified and sumptuous manner. She issued elegant cards for the dinner and thea- tricals some three weeks ahead, and she also gave some superintendence to the arrangements for the dinner party on the Thursday. That was to be a small but dainty and elegant little entertainment, the guests invited were few, but belonging to the cream of the county, with one exception-the rich American, Captain Salt. It was the Wednesday evening, and the guests were invited for Thursday. " Dinner was over j the Earl, Churchila and Marun wore seated at dessort. She wore a robe of pale rose colored silk, with deeper tinted roses at her breast. The scene made a picture. A painter of the new school might have termed the painting if he had worked out the scene on canvas by some fanciful name which should signify all that is richest and most gorgeous in the kingdom of beauty. The purple grapes and crimson peaches piled high in the golden dishes ; the soft glow of the lamp light under its shade of ruby colored silk, and that most superb and sparkling of brunettes in her rose colored silk and freshly gathered flowers. The old Earl had been thinking this same thing. " If Burne Jones could see you now he would paint you and call you ' A Rose Queen,' " he said. " Thank you, Lord Helvellyn," Marian answered. "That is a pretty compliment. Do you think rose color suits me, then ?" " Everything suits you," the Earl answered. " You say the Weldons are coming to-morrow, and the Dashwoods and their fair daughter ? Also that sentimental young widower, Major Alexander, and brave Captain Leighton ; also the Armitages and their fair daughter ? So we shall have the three belles of the county present, counting you in, and I suppose you take the precedence, do you not ?" " I believe I do," Miss Godfrey answered, calmly. The old Earl helped himself to grapes and filled his glass with choice wine, " I drink to your health-the health of the belle of the county." Churchill raised his glass likewise to his lips. Then the Earl stopped, just as he was going to speak, put his glass down and placed his hand on his chest. " Is not the room too warm ?" ho asked. " I feel half stifled-open the window." He could scarcely get out the words. The next moment he fell helplessly over the side of his chair, like one stricken with death. Churchill rushed toward him, unfastened his collar and called out to Marian to open the window. Miss Godfrey arose, walked toward the window with a Btately step, unlocked and threw it open. The blind was up. It was a still, freezing night ; the moon shone clear as amber in the heaven ; all the trees and lawns were white with frost; the pure, icy air rushed into the warm, luxurious room. Marian, with her white neck and arms uncovered, stood in the piercing draught without a shiver. She did not attempt to approach the chair where her brother was bending over the Earl in the 1 greatest anxiety and terror. *' Marian," said Churchill, in a whisper, " he is dead I believe. " I will call his man ; I will sent for his doctor," said Marian. Then she went to the bell and rang it, and in a little while the valet, the butler, and French maid were all in the room bending over the Earl. " He is not dead," said the valet, whose name was Pierson, and who was a trusted servant of the Earl. " His lordship is subject to these attacks, though he has not had one for three years, and I thought he had got over them. We must lay him on the floor flat, and you, mademoiselle," turning to the French maid, " please to bring the medicine chest from my Lord's room." " How dreadful," said Miss Godfrey, " anything sudden like this is." Marian was not in the least fluttered or upset. The valet thought her rather unfeeling, but the butler considered her very sensible not to give way to nerves, and make a fuss about herself, as so many " half bred" ladies would have done. Marian never once lost her repose of manner all through this trying ordeal. The Earl lay white and ' motionless on the floor for some time; but his faithful valet, who knelt by his side with his hand upon his heart, told those present that the heart beat, though faintly. The French maid brought the sal volatile, and Pierson contrived to give a few diluted drops to the sufferer. They had the desired effect ; the Earl opened his eyes; at first there was no meaning or light in them, but after staring about wildly, as if in search of some one, ho said at last : " Not yet-not this time." Then ho drew a long breath. " I have a weight like a waggon on my chest," he said, " Send for Davison." Davison was the village doctor. " We have sent for him, my lord," said Pierson, " That's well." He lay still, breathing hard for a little while. " The heart again, I suppose," he said. " It may be the weather, my lord," said Pierson. " Or the moon, or the stars, or the seas," said the sarcastic old Earl, bitter to the last. Nobody spoke. Churchill began to shiver, aad he asked if he might shut the window. " Certainly, sir," said the valet. Churchill never gave himself airs ¡ he was liked by all the servants. When the window was closed two more men came in, the Earl was assisted to rise, and was laid on a couch. Suddenly he spoke to Marian : "Your father was within an ace of becoming the Earl of Helvellyn, you see, Miss Marian." "Pray don't say such things, my lord; they distress me." " I can't help that," the Earl answered. " You will have to be distressed, like other people." " How strong he is," said Marian, in a whisper to her brother. The doctor arrived, and seemed very much puzzled by the Earl's symptoms. There was fear of syncope, yet he had not fainted through weak- ness of the heart. The doctor asked if the Earl ever took narcotics. " Never," said the valet. "That is right," said the doctor, "He never should even take a cough lozenge with the least opium in it." The Earl coughed painfully, and his valet gave I him water. The doctor said that he would send some mixture, to be taken three times a day, and a draught, to be taken at once. " Write and pub off the dinner party,', said the Earl to Marian ; " also write and postpone the great party j only let your father and mother and brave Jack Leighton come to-morrow, and that cid Cap- tain Salt. I want to sell him a farm. I must seo him about that ; but put the others off." When he was gone Churchill filled a glass with wine and handed it to Marian. " You want it after the shock," he said. " It can't be helped, Churchill ; he is a very old man." "Yes; but to see him faint like that, it was awful." But Marian's nerves were stronger than Church- ill's. The Earl of Helvellyn was positively able to sit up on the following day ; he was able even to pre vent Marian from writing to put off the dinner party. The doctor expostulated with his noble patient. " The least excitement," he said, " might cause a relapse. His lordship ought to be very careful for a few days, at least." " I am a careful man," the old Earl answered quietly. " I shall not excite myself merely because some dozen guests are seated at my table. If I were in Hindostán, and I had asked a dozen native princes to a feast, I might be afraid of some of them. The Hindoos are rather treacherous, but I shall not fear the Weldons or the Dashwoods, or any of these country people. Make your mind quite easy about me, Dr. Davison. The doctor bowed in acquiescence. Every one bowed in acquiescence to the Earl of Helvellyn, Down in the breakfast room he had an interview with Miss Godfrey. 