BISHOP KENNION AND THE METHODISTS. TO THE BDITOB. Sir—In a previous letter I pointed out that as Bishop Kennion considered the Wesley.ins very much in the light of schismatics he acted very naturally in refraining from attending the centenary celebration of Wesley's death. For this no one can rightfully blame him. The question is whether Bishop Kennion's view ie a correct one or not. He expresses an anxiety that " without bitterness or unkindly expressions the whole question of the relation of the Weslevan Methodists to the Church (of England ?) could be carefully examined intoand believes the result would be that their "attitude towards them (the Methodists) would be better understood than it is." This is very commendable, and I think it is open to Bishop Kennion to write the President of the Wesleyan Conference, and such other Methodist authorities as he chooses to meet him at Bishop's Court, or the Cathedral, or anywhere else to discuss matters, and I feel sure they would have no scruples about expressing their views in harmony with the conditionB mentioned by the Bishop, viz., " with fairness, with courage, with respect for each other's feelings and principles," and " without bitterness or unkindly exriressions." Meanwhile permit me a few thoughts as a contribution to this "whole question." Bishop Kennion lays down aff-a basal line from which enquiries are to be made, " the lines laid down by John Wesley." As Methodists We have no great objection to this, except-when it is not borne in mind that Wesley^ Own 'definition of a Methodist was not one who followed Wesley, but "one who -lived according to the method laid down in the Bible," andthat he constantly held himself free to make Buch adaptations in the work of methodism as were "agteeable to the Holy Scriptures. 1 " • He said-^"I allow no other rule, whether of faith -or"praotioe, than the Holy Scriptures; but on flcri^tand principles I do not think it hud -to "justify -whatever I do." In harmonv with r 'this ; view he differed very seriously from Sher Church of England. In general Church government he said—"I think he (Bishop^StiUingfleet) has unanswerably proved' that neitBfer' Christ nor his Apostles prescribe! • aliy ' particular form of Church government, -tod that'tbe-pTea of 'divine right for diooesan -epiicopacy was never heatd of in the primitive' Cflrtirteb. On the High Church dogma of apostolical' eucces- Ainn eion he hft -vmil-ji wrote m 1785:—'' fTAA. ttf TThe 1 l uninterrupted succession I know to be a fable which no man ever did or can prove." On the suptemacy of Bishops over ' Presbyters, ; he (said Lord King's [account of the primitive Church convinced me many years ago that-Bishops and Presbyters are of the same orqler, and consequently have the same right to ordaih." To his brother Charles he • wrothI firmly believe I am as scriptural - cpiscopos (S.C., Bishop) as much as any mai in'England or Europe." Acting on this belief he ordained Dr. Coke as Superintendent- or' Bishop of the American Methodist Church, and two Presbyters, the Revs. Whatooat land Vasev, for the same -field. He alto ordained "scores of his preachers in England that they might administer the sacraments in his numerous Societies. On the question of schism he Wrote: —"I cannot take schism for a separation from a Church, true or false, because I cannot'find it ever so'taken in Scripture." He believed schism to be separations in a Church producing r feelings of envy and rancour. In regard to Wesley's separation from the Church of England, it is well known that such was never his deliberate intention. A formal and voluntary separation from- the Church he always opposed wnen it was discussed in conference, as it frequently was. Wesley's position is thus expressed in the minutes of Conference:—" I fear wheh the Methodists leave the Church God will leav£ them. But if they are thrust out of it they will be guiltless. Wesley was frequently urged/to leave' the Church because of the treatment reoeivied and for cogent reasons that were giveh. In a letter to the Rev. Mr.' Walker in 1755 be says':—" I will freely acknowledge that ! Cannot'anBwer these arguments to my own satisfaction, eo that my conclusion, which I cannot yet give up—that it is lawful to continue in t the Church—stands, I know not how; almost without any premises tliat aire to bear its Weight." Here he concludes that the lawfulness bt continuing in the Church is at least'doiibtful to himself, though expedient for the' present. After referring to the innovations bf fieldpreaching, extempore prayfeK forming Societies, and employing preachers whp Were not epiecopally ordained—that he had felt compelled to the praetiee—he adds—" W&a; ws poshed on this side, were there no alternative Jdlow&l;, we' should judge' it our bounden duty rather wholly to separate from the Chiirch than to g 've up any one bf these points."; After the ishop of London had excommunicated Mr. Gardner for preaching without a licence, Wesley said — "It is probable the point will now he determined by the Church. For if we must either ' dissent or be silent, actum cut (it is done). We have no time to trifle." Within a few months of Wesley's death he wrote to a Bishop, complaining that "the Methodists found themselves forced either to register'their meetinghouses as 1 Protestant Dissenting" plaoes of worship, or else to forego all the protection and benefits of the Toleration'Act." He adds, "So your- Lordship leaves them only this alternative, ' leave the Church or starve.'" To the question of'whether it 'was not' possible there would be a separation after his death, Wesley answered, " Undoubtedly it- is. But what I said at the'first cotifclrence forty years ago, I say still. I .dare , not . omit doing what good I can while (I live: 'for fear of evils that may follow when I am dead." In a letter to a friend he refers to a " total and immediate separation" bv saying—"Such » separation I have always declared again Bt, and certainly it will not take plajie (if 6ver it does) while 1 live. But a kind ofV separation has alra:r.y tnken place, and will'inevitably spread through by slow degrees." _ This proved true, for the rules forbidding holding services during- Church hours were greatly modified, and even rescinded in liKS, except On - Communion days, _ and not only had' they to register their Chapels as "dissenting places of worship,"' but finally Wesley enrolled a " Deed of Declaration" in the High Court of Chancery, which gave a legal status to the conference, and ensured to it . the use of all the property on behalf of the "people called Methodists." Alluding to this, Wesley said, "You see then in all the pains I have taken about this absolutely necessary deed I have - been labouring not for myself (I have no interest therein) but for the whole body of Methodists, in order to fixupoA them such a foundation as is likely to stand as long a8 the sun and the moon ensure; that is, if they continue to walk by faith, and Bhow forth their faith by their works, otherwise, I pray God to root out the memorial of them from the earth." From the above it will be evident that Bishop Kennion is in error when he speaks of Wesleyans having "completely dernrted from the lines laid down by John Wesley." We hold the same views as he boH Church government, Episoopacy,' and schism, because they were scriptural, practical, and Catholic in tneir spirit and operation. Bishop Kennion affirms that he "likes to re-echo the -expressions" Archbishop Potter used to John Wesley. It. has evidently not occurred to Bishop Kennion that he does not stand in the same relation to modern Methodists as Archbishop Potter did to Wesley and his .coadjutors, and that there is conaderabta impropriety in stiematizing as "irregular" those who have never been brought into the bondage of Episcopal " rule," ana are—to use Wesley's words—"now at full liberty simply to follow the Scrintures and . the primitive Church." I conclude by asking prayerful consideration toCanon Wilberforce s wise words when he said—" I am convinced in the depths ofjmy soul that the direction in which the Holy Ghost is working in this our day is against exclusiveness, and in the direction of the freest spiritual communion between those who differ as to methods, creeds, and definitions of faith, and no English Churchman does credit to himself, or honour-to his Church by speaking superciliously of godly dissenters, by calling them heretics and schismatics, and refusing to receive the Word of God from their lips, when it is manifest they are doing, and doing well, nearly half the Christian work of this country." I am, Sij^&c.;, WESLEYAN METHODIST. 