LEONARD LINDSAY OS the stoey of a buccaneek. BT ANGUS B. BEACH. CHAPTER XXVI.—(Costinced). u Suddenly the witch stopped, and shaded back from her eyes her long flowing hair, gazing intently at the sky. In the next moment, a flash of lightning—ao bright that every one on board the galley, except the sorceteas, was dazzled and blinded by the glaze—tore out of the dark heavens: struck the main topmast of the galley ; and with a crash, like that of all the artillery in the world fired off in one salvo, passed gleaming down the wood, shaking the ship as though she had been lifted a hundred feet, and then allowed to fall splash into the .sea. The explosion was followed by a thick sulphurous smoke, which seemed to come steaming up out of the inmost recesses of the galley, and while the crew, blinded and almost choking in the yellow sulphurous fume, were groping about the deck, they heard the loud screaming laughter of the witch, followed by the croak of the ravens from the cabin. "At length the smote or mist gradually cleared away, and as it did so, and the men recovered their eyesight, they saw Tronda standing as usual on the poop, with her old aspect of haughty command. Her first words, comrades, were— "•Ming that carrion into the sea, and take warning by the fate of Torquil Randa how yon dispute*the will of such as I.' " So the sailors advanced, all trembling, to the foot of the mainmast, where lay the body of the man of whom the witch spoke. He had been struck by the lightning, comrades, but there was neither scaith nor scar upon his fiosh, only on the forehead a small round blue spot. So the mariners lifted up the body, and while it was yet warm plunged it over the side. It; sunk feet first, and as the head disappeared, the crew thought that the dead face frowned. " That night Tronda sat alone in her cabin, beneath the bronze lamp, as she had done when her victim entered. The crystal lay upon the table as before. All at once the flame of the lamp flashed high up, and then sank down into the bronze, so that the cabin was almost in darkness, and the two ravens flattered and croaked. Tronda lifted np her head, and her livid face became as the face of a statue -carved out of blue and grey marble, for before her, standing as he had already done that day, was die form of Torquil Randa, with the blue spot upon his forehead where the lightning had struck it. " There was silence for the space of a minute, and then the form of Torquil spoke. " ' I am cent from the dead,' it said, ' to give you a last warning.' "' Return to those who sent you,' answered the witch; ' I take no warnings.' " * I um bid to tell you,' said the spirit, 'that the measure of your iniquities is nearly full.' " The witch of Lapland rose erect, and stood confronting the apparition. _ "'I have no fear of aught, either dead or living spirit or flesh,' she replied. ' Get you gone, or I will call up the spectres of the winds, who will chase you to the uttermost ends of the earth.' " The figure of Torquil Randa gave a sad smile, and stretching forth its hand, touched the magic crystal, which immediately crumbled into black dust. ' The* powers which are given to me,' said the spirit,' are greater than yours.' " Tronda's frame shivered as she saw this, but she lost no wit of countenance, and looked her terrible visitant steadily in the face. "• There will be given you one last opportunity,' the apparition said. ' Will you. repent?' "' No •' said the witch of Lapland. " The figure of Torquil Randa- grew less and less distinct, and as it disappeared, the flame of the lamp brightened up again, and the ravens, which had nestled at Tronda's feet, flew back to their perches on her chair. " The next day, the galley . meanwhile lying not fax from Cape Tiberoon, in Hia- poniola, there came on board, in a small caaoe, a Spanish girl, who seemed, shipmates, to have hardly life in her to climb np the low side of the gilley. This girl was of .a beauty rarely seen upon the «arth, but those who looked upon the bright ted spot in ;her white cheek, and the sickly flash of her black floating eyes, knew that there was hardly a month's life flickering in her bosom; so she went slowly into the cabin, and fell upon her knees before the witch. "' Mother,' she said, ' I am dying fast, as you can see. I have a lover, my betrothed. He is coming across the ocean to bid me farewell. Oh, that I might live to see him ! I •have little gold, but what I have, grant him a fair breeze, that his ship may come to land before I die, and that I may give up my spirit an his arms." " So saying, the Spanish girl held forth a piece of gold the size of a walnut, Tronda bad opened her mouth to speak, when a third woman entered the cabin. She was a tall and haughty dame, and as she •observed the dying girl a smile, like that of a fiend, passed over her face. Her cheeks flashed, and her eyes glanced with the fire of deadly spite. The younger girl started back at her aspect, and then sunk, all trembling and sobbing, upon the floor. " Then the elder spoke thus— " ' I hate that woman. She is my rival She has wonfromme the man I love. I would prevent their meeting. She is poor, but I am rich. This, for a wind which will keep back his ship, until she be no more.' " With that, shipmates, the woman laid upon the table a lump of virgin ore, as big as a cocoa-nut. The other girl said nothing, but still held out her smaller offering. Tronda stood between them musing. At last, she took the large lump, and dropped it into the great •chestfull at her feet. "'You shall have a baffling wind,' she Baid to the jealous rival. The poor girl, who was dying, rose feebly, and passed out weeping ; the crew let her down with careful bands into her canoe. "But at the moment when Tronda had made her decision, the sudden moan oE a liollow sounding wind passed -through the air, and the galley rocked and laboured, as though an invisible hand had smote her. The witch remained long musing in the cabin, until, hearing the dash, -of oars, she rose and went on deck. The galley was deserted, and the whole crew, •embarked in the boats, were pulling fast for (lie land, wh'.le the horizon was again clouded as it had been .when the witch drew lightning from the heavens. Tronda mounted upon the poop, and stretched forth her arms, to curse the faithless erne, when her eye suddenly fell upon Torquil, standing as he had stood, beneath the mainmast when the levin ibolt struck him. Then she forebore, and •remained wi*h drooping head, gazing into -the sea below. But what was remarkable, was, that when the whole crew of the galley left her at once, instead . of rising, the sunk still deeper the water; and as a heavy swell began to lift and heave around, the ship rolled and pitched with a strange sickly motion. "Then came another portent. Tronda still stood upon the poop, when she started to hear a sadden pattering of feet, and a squeaking and scratching all around her. Immediately there poured forth from every hatchway a whole legion of rats—young • ones and old—brown and grey — all of tham making for the side of the vessel, and then plunging with a loud shrill squeaking into tbe sea, which was speedily dotted with their little heads, all swimming merrily to land. When the last had leaped overboard, the figure of Torquil Randa glided softly aft and confronted the witch. " ' Rats,' quoth the figure, ' leave a sinking ship.' And, as he spoke, the galley appeared to float in the water more heavily and deeply than ever, while the swells rose in great rocking billows, and the moau of a coming wind hurtled over the sea. Still "Tronda confronted the apparition with a lip which never quivered, and an eye which .never blinked. " ' My ancestors,' said she, • were nhampions and heroes; one of them—Eric Westra —descended into the tomb of Sigismund, dibe sea king, and bore from thence the bronze sepulchral lamp which bums beneath, although it was guarded by monsters and potent spells. What art thou, then, that one in whose veins runs the blood of such a hero, should tremble and quake before thee V But the apparition said— " ' I come from a power which is mightier than that of Odin and of Thor, and I am commissioned to pronounce to thee the doom thou shalt undergo as a punishment for thy wicked sorceries, even until the end of time.' " At that there rose a mighty wind, and the galley started away before it. In vain Tronda bade the elements to cease their strife—in vain she knelt upon the poop, and, with her drenched hair all streaming in the tempest, sung hermagic rhymes, and screamed out her most potent charms. The winds blew, and the clouds lowered, and the waves rose, unheedful of her spells, and so at last she started up from the deck, and cried in a lamentable voice— '' 'Alas ! alas ! my power is gone from me, and the elements obey me no more !' " At these words there was a flutter and a croak, and the ravens, flying from the cabin, soared up into the tempest-tossed air, wheeling round and round the rocking masts of the labouring ship. " ' And you too,' said Tronda, looking up at them, ' leave me !' " The sentence, comrades, was no sooner spoken than the foul birds darted off, each bus separate way, and were speedily lost in the darkness. Then the storm burst out with all its fury. Had it been a barque manned by mortals, thegalley would not have lived an hour in that sea; but enchantment kept it afloat until it had finished its destined course. For some space the Lapland witch and the figure of Torquil Randa were the only forms visible in the ship. But as the night fell and the darkness grew intense pale flashes of lightning showed troops of phantoms upon the deck, who worked the ropes and sails as mariners in a gale. These shapes, comrades, were the spirits of the seamen whom Tronda by her incanta- tions had drowned. But still the witch stood erect and fearless through all this tumult of horror, lifting up her unabashed forehead to the gale, and flashing all around her wild grey eyes. The figure of Torquil stayed ever by her side. " At length, comrades, in the thick of the roaring tornado, with all the gibbering ghosts dimly seen flitting on the deck amid the flying spray and foam, there was shouted from the prows, in a voice which boomed like the tones of a church bell, * Land.' "At this the spectre of the Norse mariner turned to Tronda, and said— " ' Now hear your doom. From this time forth you will haunt the cape on which we are driving; and there you will have power over the winds which blow. Tour evil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than to advance the course of mariners ; but yet, for every moment of time a ship is hindered on her course, will you. pass a year of torment, such as it is not in che breast of man to conceive. And this shall last even to the day when the sea shall give up its dead.' " In a moment after, mates, the galley was crushed into splinters, and not i vestige of her, or of her precious cargo of pearls, and jewels, and gold, were ever seen by man. But Tronda, the evil spirit of Cape Morant. still haunts that desolate beach and these stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild midwatches, the mariner has caught a glimpse of her pale face and stony'eyes, and floating locks, driving through the scud of the stonn, with her arms tossed above her head, as though she were still singing the chaunt which raised wind and waves: £ never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her ; but I have heard tell ;of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, in a night of storm, clinging to the end of the bowsprit furling a split sail, beheld the ancient face of the hag, with her grey fishy eyes looking into his own, and who came near letting go hold of the spar in his fright and tumbling into the boiling sea below. But he managed to make his way, all - pale and shaking, on board the ship, where he told what he had witnessed; and certain old men of the crew said it was a most evil omen, and that either the ship would be lost, or he who saw the appearance would be drowned. Now, word being passed through the ship of what had happened, it came to the ears of the stout- hearted admiral himsAlf ; and presently Sir Francis appeared out of the main cabin. " ' What is this, I hear, men,' says he,— that one of you has been frightened by a demon ? " ' It was the devil, Sir Francis !' said the sailor, by name James Gilbert. "'And what if it were?' quoth the admiral. * He is but a coward. If he shows his face to you again, pluck the grisly fiend by the "beard. The devil fears all who do not fear him.' "But for all these bold words of the admiral, the old sailors were right. Before the ship had made Porto Bello, whither she was bound, Gilbert y/as flung from the lee foretop- sail yard-am, into the sea. After the first plunge, he never came to the surface, and the old sailors knew that what had happened was in consequence of his having seen the demon who haunts Point Morant." CHAPTER XXVII. WHAT HAPPENSABOAEDTHESAUCY8USAK— ANDTHEEXDIXUOF EE2AND HE2CEEW Three days after we boarded the Saucy isan, I was the look-out man during a dark mid-watch. The wind was fresh, the sea high, and we were plunging rapidly along ; the sails straining and surging, and the masts and rigging cracking with the pressure. I was standing on the heel of tlie bowsprit, with my arm round the forestay to balance myself, and occasionally ducking and stooping as I best could to avoid the cold showers of brine which our sharp bows tore up, when some one pulled my doublet, and, looking round, I saw Rumbold. Is there any one about ?" quoth he ; '" I want to speak to you privately." But the breeze, although it blew strong, was steady, and the watch lay dozing under the lee of the long-boat between the masts. My mind misgives me," says Rumbold, presently, " that they have a design on me. That fellow Nixon watches every motion as a cat does a mouse. I know that Jerry, Le Chiffon Rouge, and he, are aware that I have pearls about me, and I go in constant dread. Did you see the three rogues to-day, how long and how earnestly they talked, and what sly glances they, every one of them, threw at mc I It was ticklish work living among the Spaniards at the Rio de la Hacha, but I warrant you I feel never a bit more comfortable among my countrymen here." I inquired where Jerry, the Captain, and Nixon were 1 Rumbold replied, that they were all three drinking in the great cabin, and that being pretty far gone, he had been able to slip out to seek me. "Now," quoth he, "I don't intend that these rascals shall have my pearls, if I can keep them—and what is more, I don't intend that they shall have them, even although I may not be able to keep them—they shall go into the sea, which they came out of, first." I said, that surely the fellows would not murder him for his wealth. "Well," he answered, they would not murder, if they could steal without it—but if they can't, I do not suppose that a throat or so cut would make much difference.'" Upon this I replied, heartily shaking Rumbold's band at the same time, — " You helped me, at my time of need, among the Spaniards. Perhaps, I can help you now—will you entrust the pearls to me V " My good fellow,' says Rumbold, with ureat eagerness, " that is preciselvthe favour I came to ask of you." And with that, he fumbled in his bosom, and presently drew out a sort of flat pouch, made of thin but tough leather, with straps which buckled round the body. We both looked eagerly to see that we were not observed, but not a soul could be seen stirring upon deck. A lantern, swinging from tbe weather foreshrouds, cast a dusky gleam around upon the dripping bulwarks, and the wet and slippery planks—but we wero alone. '' Hush :"s;iyshe, softly. *' The pearls are in this pouch—there is a good thousand pounds worth strap t'le belt tightly ro-.nd you, under your clothes, the first time you have an opportunity. If you deliver it up to me safely at Jamaica, a third of the profits shall be yours—if anything happens to me, I make you my legatee—keep pouch and pearls, and make the best of them." He had hardly made the transfer when a shadow glided darkly between us and the lantern. We both rushed aft as far as the foremast and pried eagerly about: but not a creature was to be seen. " Bah ! " said Rumbold, " it was only the light, swinging with the ship as she rolls." But my own belief was that some one had glided across the deck and mounted the weather forerigging. I had not time, how ever, to communicate my thoughts to Rumbold when we heard loud voices and saw a glimmering of lights aft, and immediately Jerry came forwards, walking not very steadily, although he had good sea-legs, and clinging to the rigging, when the ship made a wilder lurch than ordinary. " Farewell—take care !" exclaimed Rumbold. " I must not be seen here.'' So saying, he slid over to leeward, and crept, aft. under the black shadow of the sails. Meantime, Jerry approached, and taking the lantern from the forerigging, grasped my shoulder, and asked me—in a thick voice and with a hiccup—whether all was well r I replied in the affirmative, upon which he steadied himself on the deck as well as he could, and began to hum over a song to himself, sometimes stopping to put the same question to me, half a dozen times over, after the manner of a drunken man, when, all at once, thk ship giving a violent lee-lurch, he was pitched bodily against the bulwarks, and at the same moment a heavy marlingspike fell with a crash from the rigging tearing up white splinters in the deck. Had it not been for that lucky lurch, that sharp and ponderous iron would have cleftthe mate's head. All this happened in a moment, but the weapon had hardly struck the deck, when Jerry bounded to his legs, and with a tre- mendous oath, that there was treachery somewhere, called to me to go aloft in the weatherrigging, while he took the lee. The danger he had escaped seemed to have sobered the mate at once. I sprung into the tightened shrouds, half bewildered at the thing, while Jerry screamed to me, from the opposite rigging, to look sharp and take care of a knife-thrust, for he was certain it was that villainous Portuguee dog who had flung the marline spike. Up we both went into the rocking rigging. We climbed over the rail of the foretop at the same moment, and I saw that Jerry held the barrel of a small pistol between his teeth. " The murthering rogue ! " he cried. "But he has made his last cast. Either he or I go down on that deck a dead man ! " We both looked up to thb heel of the topgallant mast. The white canvas was tugging, and straining upon the bending yard, and the loose lee-rigging was rattling against the mast and sail. " There he is—there's the thief " Jerry roared, and we both sprang into the topmast rigging. Holding on by the topgallant yard, I discerned a black figure, like a shadow, against the light- coloured canvas. All at once I saw its arm move, something bright gleamed through the air, and Jerry shouted— " Devil confound him—he has sent his knife into my shoulder," and immediately stopped, grasping the shrouds as though he feared to fall. Knowing now that the Portuguese had no knife, I sprang rapidly up the shrouds to grapple with him. Just then, a faint watery glimpse of moonlight fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow upon the broad sails on the mainmast, and I saw above me, crouched upon the yard, the form of Vasco—his grim face gazing at me, and his hands clenched as though he was determined to sell his life as dearly as he could. The next moment we had grappled together—neither of us spoke— but the Portuguese attempted to seize my throat with his teeth; I caught him, however, by Ms hair, and wrenched his head backwards, while I sought to gripe his right wrist, and so overpower him. But the creature, although 'he had no strength to cope- with me, was as lithe and slippery as an eel, and suddenly striking me a blow between the eyes, which made abundance of lights dance before them—I felt in a moment his cold long fingers twining round my throat, and closing upon my windpipe. In the instinctivestraggle for breath, I let go hold of his hair, and at the same instant, a sudden and tremendous swing through the air, as the ship rolled violently below, made me clutch the ropes about me, or I should have been flung off into the sea, like a stone from a sling. At* that moment the grasp upon my throat relaxed,—and with a litheness and agility, which were like the qualities of a monkey and a snake united in one creature—the Portuguese slid, as it were, from me, upon the main- royal stay, crawling and worming Limself along towards the other mast. But Jerry, who had by this time recovered the first faintness from his cut, kept his eye steadily upon the rogue, for I calling out that he was escaping to the mainmast, the mate replied—''Ay, ay, I see him!" and, then, steadily taking- aim, the explosion of the pistil re-echoed loudly, from sail to sail, and the Portuguese suddenly dropping his legs from the stay, hung to it by his hands only. " Stand from under," shouted Jerry. " and allow the villain to drop clear. He lias stabbed me as he did Shambling Ned." . Vasco uttered no sound, but he raised his legs agaiu, seeking by a mighty effort to recover his position upon the rope. His feet had. indeed, touched it, when the muscles relaxed again, and he hung as before by his hands, swinging dreadfully with the motion of the ship. All this time Jerry was clutching the forerigging, not having moved since the knife of the Portuguese struck him. The watch upon deck having been aroused by Jerry's cries, and the report of the pistol, were running to-and- fro with lanterns, and some of them were ascending the rigging towards us, when Jerry roared out again— " Stop—scop, every mother's son of you, where you are till the fellow falls, and then stand by to pitch him overboard. The Portuguese heard this, for he turned round hie head to Jerry, and I saw his white teeth, as the wretch grinned in his agonv. The mate answered this look with a" - loud laugh. "Some of you there below," he cried, " go into the great cabin, bring up a fiasron of wine—and we'll drink to the murthering dear's speedy arrival in hell." The Portuguese now let go hold of the rope with his right hand—and then, as if to reserve his strength, hung for awhile with the left. I did not think that the man would have had sueh endurance in him, but he was of a light weight, and the muscles of his arms were strong. All this time he never uttered a sound. Jerry, too, held his peace, and the crew below waited in silence, with their lanterns glimmering on deck. There was something very solemn in all this—the struggling and tossing ship—the rigid figures of the seamen the silence, except for the wind and waves, and the writhing creature waving in the air. At length, he uttered one loud shrill cry of mortal agony, which echoed again and again between the sails, and immediately afterwards dropped like a stone. I heard the heavy thump with which he crashed down upon the deck. Descending as quickly as I could I found that- Jerry, in spite of his wound, which was, however, only a flesh cut, was standing over the Portuguese, who lay all doubled up where he fell. " Up with the houml, and over the side with him to the sharks !" said Jerry, in a low .stern voice. Immediately the poor wretch was plucked from the deck, and four sturdy fellows bore him to the bulwarks. He gave no sign of life: but just as they heaved him up for the fatal swing, the lanterns being; all gleaming around him, I saw him, his eyes still shut, make the sign of the cross upon his forehead. He was, therefore, still alive. " One'" cried Jerry. The four executioners, who seemed to like tie job well, gave the wretch a swinjr. " Two, three!" thundered the mate, and at the last word, Vasco of Lisbon was hove a j fathom from the ship's side, into the boiling I sea. As he plunged down into the brine, every one heard for a moment, and no more, such a cry as he uttered just before he fell from the rigging. Then his vck--? was cliokod for ever. I could hardly deny but that, the Portu guese" merited his fate ; but the flinginir overboard of a living man, without form of trial or condemnation, seemed a hasty and cruel deed. Nevertheless, none of the crew, except myself, appeared to be of that opinion, and most of them said openly that it was a veiy good riddance, and that whether he had attempted the life of the mate or not, he was better in the sea than in the ship. As for Jerry, he had his wound— which was, as I have said, a flesh cut on the shoulder—rubbed with brandy, and seemed to think no more about the matter. When my "watch was up, I went below in no merry mood; and, presently, found an opportunity, while lying in my hammock, which swung among near twoseore of similar sleeping places, to dispose of the pearls &b; Rumbold had recommended. The grey light of the morning was coming down the hatchway, and I had not yet slept, for the end of the wretched Portuguese was still in my head, when there was suddenly a great thumping over head on deck, and an outcry for all hands to turn out and go to quarters. It is curious to observe, at this summons, the sudden rousing of all the sleepers in the ship—how, in a moment, grim heads start out of the warm blankets, and a whole legion of stalwart naked legs come down together, from a score of swinging hammocks upon the deck. But a sailor is soon dressed; and, accordingly, two minutes had not gone by since I lay in" my hammock, when I was at my post, staring over the weather bow at a small sloop, built very low, and which seemed to sail very quickly, which was running along with us, leaning over beforethe breeze, so that we could see almost the whole of her decks, upon which about halfa-dozen of sailors were running with sleepy scared looks, while the steersman was calling out and gesticulating violently. Looking forth upon the sea, I 6aw that a mist, almost as thick as that in which we had stumbled upon the " Saucy Susan," was just lifting from the water, and driving in vapour volumes before the wind. In appeared that the mist had partially dispersed just before all hapds were "roused up, and that the look-out had directly spied tbe sloop, close to windward of us. If there had been less wind and sea, our small friend would very speedily have shown us his stern, for the sharp bows*and rounded sides of the vessel were evidently formed for quick sailing: but the heavy tumbling ridges of sea hove him so to leeward that he had no chance 'with a more powerful ship. Meantime, Le Chiffon Rouge,"mounting into the weatker-mizen rigging, trumpet in "hand, hailed to the sloop to surrender ; and Jerry, in a breath, roared out to know if the guns forward were all ready. She is a barco longo—a Spanish express boat, comrades," he shouted : " and we must overhaul her despatches before we part company." Still the captain of the sloop made no sign, standing very stannchly by the steersman, and conning his ship. Once he motioned to the latter to put the helm down, as if he intended suddenly to luff, and go round on the other tack ; but changing his mind, he glanced at our sails, and continued his course. Le Chiffon Rouge again hailed the sloop to surfender, but still without effect, and I observed that in a temporary lull of the breeze she was beginning to draw away from the ship. Then the bull-like voice of Jerry thundered out along the d«^ck—" The firtt gun ready there—send your cold iron aboard of him Josiah Ward was the captain of the cannon by which I was stationed. His old dim eyes flashed up at the notion of a fray ; and so, stooping over the gnn and sheltering the priming from the wind with his trembling land,' he glanced warily along the mass of iron- as it pointed now up to the zenith, now dotrn to the billows, according to the motion of the ship, and at length suddenly dashed the burning end of a rope, which served for a fusee, into the powder in the pan, which flashed up, while the hollow iron belched forth its- flame, and started back with the explosion, the carriage cracking and the tackles rattling through the blocks, until the discharged cannon lay near the centre of the deck, its grimed mouth yet hot and smoking. The discharge was a lucky one. The ball tore a hole in the mainsail of the sloop, and just then a gust flying heavily over the sea, the canvas was rent from top to bottom with a loud, harsh shriek, and blew fluttering in rags out of the bolt-rope. "Back the main topsail," cried Jerry. " The run is taken out of him.'' But just as the yard swung round, the captain of the sloop made but one leap down into his cabin, the skylight of which was open, and directly re-apptared, carrying in his hand a small metal box or casket. He had not taken a step upon the deck, when I heard the report of a carabine from our ship, and the Spaniard leaped three feet into the , air, and fell in a heap upon the deck, above his burden. "That is the despatch box," quoth old Ward. " He meant to fling it into the sea, but Tommy Nixon was too sharp for him." Just then Le Chiffon Rouge hailed in good Spanish that if any one of the crew of the sloop dared to meddle with the box, he would harg every one of them up to the peak of their own vessel. At that tbe Spanish sailors hastily retired in a body to the bows of the sloop, and our stern boat being manned, was lowered dexterously into the sea, a man standing at bow and stern to unhook the tackles as she touched the water. Nixon had the command o£ the boat, and pulled right aboard the sloop, the crew offering no resistance. The first thing he did when he got on deck was to wrench the despatch box from the grasp of the Spanish captain, who had been shot through the body, and was dying fast. The poor fellow lay "in his blood upon the dcek, coughing from time to time, and sputtering the thick prore from his mouth. Meantime, Nixon had two of the Spanish sailors brought aft to him, and after examining them by means of one of his boat's crew, who spoke a little bad Spanish, he hailed that the despatch-box was all safe, and contained advices from St. Juan, in Porto Rico, to Truxillo, under Cape Honduras, and that he would presently search the cabin for further information. Meantime another boat had been got into the water, and I was ordered to form one of the crew. Jerry himself was in the stern sheet3, and presently we all leaped on board the Spaniard. The first thing the mate asked for was the de3patch-box. It was a very 6tout casket of lead and iron, but by means of a heavy hammer and a marlinespike which he brought with him, Jerry very soon wrenched open the lid, and we, who were crowding about him, soon saw a good packet of letters, and despatches of different lengths, tied for the most part carefully with silk, and bearing huge seals with manifold devices. Jerry straightway sat him down upon the deck, and while the rest looked anxiously on, began wi h great coolness to peruse the documents one by one. They seemed to be but of little interest, for as he read, his brows darkened, and he crumpled up letter after letter, and flung them overboard, where they were soon floating, iike so many white birds between the sloop and the ship. At length he opened a paper, sealed with black and red wax, which he had no sooner seen than he started up, crying, " Ha, this will do, even though there be no other!" And then stuffing the letters he had not read back into the box, which he gave me to carry, he asked, in a sudden fierce tone, of one of the captured Spaniards, whether there was an axe in the shipr Tho man shrunk back from the question. " Why, you fool." continued the mate, in broken SDanish, " I am not going to chop off thy head with it; but I tell thee what, if the axe be not forthcoming speedily, I may find items of making thee a head shorter without it." So the weapon was duly produced. " Now, Benjamin Mackett," says Jerry, addressing one of the first boat's oiew, " I heard you boast the other night how speedily you could fell a tree in Virginia. Take the axe, and prove thy words on the mast of this sloop." At this the Spaniards, who guessed by the gestures which passed what was to be done, set up veiy dismal iame&tstioa;?, Mid began to conjure us, by all the saints, to leave them the means of getting to land. " Yon tu::v yet to land," replied .Terry, very well under a jury-mast, but I intend that you shall be some time about it. or we shall have a score of pestilent armadiloes out swarming about our ears." In the meantime. Mackett, who was a sturdy fellow as might bo, first applied the axe to the standing rigging, and in a very short space the shrouds and stays, cut away from their fastenings at the bulwarks, collapsed, as it were, round the mnst, which being thus deprived of its supports, began to sway and work with the rolling of the ship, creaking and cracking in its step. Then Mackett, flinging aside his doublet, laid the broad bright axe to the wood with good will. The white chips glanced about the deck, and in a few moments a gash was cut so deeply into the mast that I expected to see it snap short at every roll. "Now," says Mackett, stopping in his work, " which side of the sloop shall I send the mast over?" Over any side, with a murrain to thee, so thou makest haste," answered Jerry. Mackett watched the roll of the as narrowly, and just as the sloop lurched heavily, as a great ridge of water heaved up under her keel, he struck the finishing blow with such goodwill that the axe sunk a couple of inches into the wood, and with a crack like a musket- shot, the mast, with all its appurtenances of rigging and fluttering canvas, fell crashing into the sea, smashing to dust the light bulwarks of the sloop, and causing it to careen heavily over as the jagged and splintered end of the timber continued to rub and rasp against the side of the vessel, impelled by the heaving of the swelL "Aiidnow, Spaniards," said Jerry, "you may get to Truxillo as speedily as you like, and give our compliments to the good folks there." With that we all got into our boats again; most of the crew jeering at and flouting the disconsolate looks of the Spaniards, as they stood like men bewildered upon the deck of their crippled ship. Before I went over the side, however, I raised the head of the Spanish captain; the man was quite dead, and becoming stiff and cold already. Our oars fell into the water, and the boats were speedily hoisted up to-the davits of the Saucy Susan. Then Jerry, going aft, touched his hat to Le Chiffon Rouge very ceremoniously, and presented him with the casket of despatches and the particular letter which he had read, the ship all this time lying to, but gradually drifting to leeward of tbe barco longo, which now exposed but little surface to the wind. After a pretty long communion between these two worthies r Le Chiffon Rouge ordered the boatswain to call all hands, and presently the whole crew were grouped round the mainmast. Then the captain, taking off his hat, began to make one of his usual speeches, a part of his duty, in fact, which he appeared fond of, being of :v long-winded nature, and given to using fine words on such occasions. The main points of what he now said were as follows:— The Saucy Susan, as they all knew, was bound 1 on a cruise to the Mosquito and Honduras coast, but, happily, they were their own masters, and could change their crniiing ground as often as they thought fit. Well, here were certain despatches- newly captured from the Barco Longo," as one of them related to a rich Spanish ship which was shortly expected in these seas, the captain proposed that it be read 1 aloud in English, for the benefit of Messieurs the adventurers, that, upon knowing the-contents of the paper, they might determine as tney thought fit. The crew received this oration with signs of great satisfaction, and one or two cried out. "Ay, ay, translate the Don's patter, and then we will consider." Upon this, Le Chiffon Rouge made a sign to Rumbold, who came forward, and placed the important letter in the pearl merchant's hands. Rumbold looked, at the manuscript, which was written in a fair hand, and then read out very fluently as follows:— From my House at Ferrol. Upon such a date. Good and trusty Manual— " You have been absent at the mines in Darien, when in sadness and sorrow, I returned to the main land in the long-boat of the great galleon, reft of all the "treasures which the ship carried, by the band of plundering heretics, who, for our sins, tbe saints permit to infest the Indian seas, I was not able personally to let you know the particulars of our misfortune, and, indeed, I had but small time and less heart to write the story. You are aware that in a few days after reaching Porto Bello, to which .place we scudded before the wind, which was boisterous, I found a quick ship sailing unto Spain, and having taken passage in her, we were so favoured as to avoid all pirates, flebustiers, and buccaneers, and very prosperously across the Atlantic hither. But as touching the Carthagena galleon,, that was indeed a heavy loss, and I have made it my petition to the King that he will cause repre- sentations to be sent to their Majesties of England and France touching the conduct and bearing of their subjects in our Indian seas. The manner of ciu- capture was very sudden. Two days' sail from Carthagena, we beating to windward-, a sail was descried an hour before sunset, but which vanished before the dusk closed, so that little or nothing more was thought of the matter. As is my wont, I retired early to rest, the worthy captain of the galleon assuring me that all was well, and a very good lcok-out kept fro::i all parts of the ship. But truly, our look-out must have been maintained with but sleepy eyes, for as I was dozing, just after having heard midnight chime from the clock in the great cabin,.and looking half-asleep, half-a wake at the lamp as it swung to and fro, and made strange glimmerings and shadows upon the tapestries, I suddenly heard a tremendous outcry, and the running of feet upon the deck above, and then. Manual, a volley of musketry, and one of those savage '* hurrahs" which are the wav-cry of the English, followed almost on the instant by a shock which made the great galleon tremble and surge from side to side. At that moment there came flying down the cabin-stairs our friend Collado, of the Hermitage Plantation, his face like unto grey ashes, and exclaiming that we were ruined and undone, for that while the watch on deck slumbered, being incited thereto by the calmness of the weather, a pirate schooner had suddenly laid the galleon on board, aud that our good captain had fallen in the very volley I had just heard discharged.. " But even while he was speaking the uproar on deck was renewed. I heard the grating and rasping as the sides of the two vessels encountered when they rolled, and the fierce outcries and clash of steel,, and frequent pistol and carbine shots fired while the pirates were clambering up our lofty sides and leaping upon the deck. They were devils, Manual. No man could resist- them. They yelled and fought, and seemed: to de~ spise their lives ; and accordingly, in a moment, and ere I could even put oa my garments, in came the spoilers, rusiaing down the cabin stairs, a tall and strong old man, naked to the waist, and with a handkerchief twisted round his grey hair, leading them on, sword and pistol in hand. Thus were we constrained to surrender. "Nevertheless, Manual, I must do. out spoilers this justice: they sought not to harm our persons, and were even (in their way) courteous to us their prisoners. This I say specially of the leader, wha was of lofty :ind somewhat dignified aspect, and whom they called ' Captain J em ' and sometimes ' Stout Jem.'" Here Eumboldf-. mado a pause, as if to cough, and glanced slU'y at me. Oh, how my heart leaped as 1 listened. Honest, noble Captain Jem I No prisoners but what would have mercy asd courtesy at thy hands Rumbold continued— " This old man presently desired to sDeak with mo privately, and, quoth he, ' There was one of our crew captured by Spaniards at Carthegena; tell me, truly, is he dead or alive At i2>js I bethought me that there had been, isideed, an English prisoner examined sit the alcaide's; for that struma man, IWe Jiose, had informed me of the. iacfc, and jilso that the Englishman behaved veiy fejldly x&fjij;, put to his, and this (I told to the pirate captain, adding, that I understood that he had made his escape into the woods, and, although lie had been seen in the streets of Carthagena at night, and hotly pursued, yet that he had given all his followers the slip, and got clear off, whither none knew. At this the old man wrung my hand in a strange fashion, and whispering me, ' I loved that young man as though I were his parent,' "added, ' We make war upon you Spaniards, but we are no thieves; therefore let each man of you take his clothes and his private stock of money, and ' descend speedily into the boats. The ship and cargo we claim, but not the private goods of passengers and crew.' " I give thee all these particulars, good Manual, because thou art deeply interested in all which befalls me, and so thou wilt not find them tedious. And so, presently, with sorrowful hearts we descended into our boats, and saw the galleon and the schooner trim their course for Jamaica. So far touching our disaster; now to another matter." " And the matter which concerns us most, ipmates," said Jeray. " Go on, Mr. Rumbold." I give the latter part of the letter'with all its details although the information involved in it came at last to nothing. Nevertheless, I think it right to recount at length the document which caused us to change our plans, and indirectly led to the loss of the shin. The letter then ran somewhat as follows : — " And now, good Manual, our friend and correspondent, Juan Gramada, of this-town, designing speedily to send forth a goodly ship, bound to Truxillo, and laden with wines, cloths, laces, and divers sorts of goods proper for the Indian markets, I have advised him that he should cause her to pause in her course at a certain barren cluster of islets to windward of the Dutch possession of Curaooa, and considerably to the east of the usual cruising places of the pirates, who, as I learn, do not often sail to windward of the Gulf of Venezuela. These islets are called Isles des Arcs, or Bird Islets. I have landed upon the .n; they are not inhabited, save by countless flocks of sea birds; and they are full of good harbours and creeks, where a ship may commodiously ride at anchor. My advice, then, to Juan- Gramada, and he hath taken it, was to let hisship paus9 at these islands, her captain having been there once before; and that, in the meantime, you getting this letter, as I hope you will, about a week or a fortnight after the ship sails from Spain, do despatch an agent in whom you can put trust in a good piragua, or small sailing sloop, to the Isles des Aves, bearing intelligence as to whether the seas westward be pretty clear, so as to make the run across the Gulf of Darien as safe as possible. In case of your agent bringing unfavourable or doubtful tidings, then the captain of Gramad&'s ship has instructions to direct the course of the vessel to any other port in New Spain, or to the Havannah, as you may think fit, where the wares can be disposed of to advantage." These were the chief points of the letter, the remainder being devoted to private matters not of interest to any of us. But I started a^ain when I heard the name of the writer pronouncecf. It was Pedro Davosa. When Rumbold had ceased reading, Jerry took up the word. " Now, comrades," quoth he, " you have heard the news. What say ye, shall we continue our course to the southwest, or is there enough in that letter to make us haul our wind and beat up for the Isles des Aves ? I tell yeu that a cargo such as the writer mentioneth is worth looking for, and it may be that we shall in the meantime light upou prey as valuable running down from the islands as- we should have met upon the coast of the main." Upon this, Josiah Ward, being one of the oldest men on board, gave as his opinion that we ought to steer eastward for the Isles des Aves, keeping not far from the mouth of the Gulf of Venezuela, a bay which many Spanish ships were wont to enter and depart fiom. This seemed to settle the matter. The main-topsail was filled, and the direction of the ship altered from south-west to southeast, and then, with a hearty cheer as an opening to our new cruise, we moved away, leaving the Barco Longo, with her overthrown mast, sadly drifting on the sea. TO BE SOSTIXEED.l 