Burra Market, Tone 26 We sold at our last Hurra market, 7,935 sheep, and 21 cattle. SPELLING REFORM. Salient S-oiats of tie Orthography Sill sow before Congress. The Fiftieth Congress is considering a bill for ' an amended autho^raphy,' which provides fora simplification of spelling. The bill pre scribes that it shall take effect upon all the schools of the Territories and those of the District of Columbia, and upon the Military and naval academies, and the Indian and coloured schools in the Territories. It de. dares, furthermore, that any officer, school director, committee or teacher in control of any school described in this act, who shall refuse or neglect to comply with the requirements of the act shall te removed from office. The bill begins by enacting that ' the following amended orthography shall be recognised as correct.' The orthography referred to is grouped ucder the following n heads : — First : The silent e shall be dropped when phonetically useless, as in are, granite, eaten, rained, harken, and so forth. Write er for re, as in theater, meter, saber and so forth. Second : Drop a from ea, having the sound of e, as in feather, leather and so forth. Third : Drop o from co, having the sound of e, as in jeopirdy, leopards and so forth. Fourth : For o having the sound of a write u in above (abuv), dozen, some (sum), tongue (tung), and the like. Fifth : Drop o from ou, having the sound of u, as in journal, nourish, rotign (nil), trouble, tough (tuf), and the like. Sixth : Drop silent u after g, before a and in native English words ; drop final ue, as in Guarantee, guard, guess, guest, guilt and so forth ; apologue, catalogue, and so forth ; demagogue, pedagogue and so forth ; league, harangue, tongue (tung). and so forth. Seven : Double consonants shall be simpli fied. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, I, z, as in e*-b, add, egg, inn, purr, butt, baliff, dull, buzz, and so forth. Medial before another consonant, as battle, ripple, written, (writn), and so forth. Initial unaccented prefixes, and other unac cented syllables as in abbreviate, accuse, affair, and so forth, carvettintr, traveller, and so forth. Eight : Change d and ed, final, to t, when so pronounced, as in crossed (crost), looked, (lookt), and so forth, unless the e affects the preceding soun, as in chafed, chanced. Ninth : Change s to z in distinctive words, as in abuse, verb : house, verb ; rise, verb ; and so forth. * Tenth : Drop t in catch, witch, and so orth. Eleventh: change the spelling in the follow ing words : Ak (ache), anker (anchor), beuty (beauty), coud (could), whole (hole), parla ment (parliament), receit (receipt), rune (rhyme), sent (scent), sithe (scythe), wimen (women), yomen (yeomen) ; drop silent b in bomb. crniDb* debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb. numD. pium, suoue, succumu, uiuiuu ; tuauj;c C back 10 s in cinder, expence, fierce, hence, once, pence, scarce, since, source, thence, fierce, whence ; drop the b of ch in chamo mile, choler, cholera, melancholy, school, stomach ; drop g in feign, foreign, sovereign ; drop h in aghast, burgh, ghost ; drop gh in haughty, though (tho) through (thru) ; drop s in isle, demesne, island ; Provided that the foregoing rules shall not apply to proper names. And provided further, that where ambiguity would result from the nse of the said rules the old form may be retained. 