KEYER! KEVIB! NEVER! \ Never exaggerate. Never point afr another. Neyer betray a confidence. Never wantonly frighien otherB. Never neglect to call uponfriends. Never leave home with unkind words. Never laugh a.$ the jnisfortupe of others. Never give a promise that you do not fulfil. N ever send a present hoping for one in return. Never fail to be punctual at the time appointed Never make yourself the hero of your own story. Never fail to give a polite answer to a civil question. Never pick the teeth or clean the nails in company. ! Never present a gift, saying it is pf no use to yourself. Never question a servant or a child about family affairs. 1 Never read a letter that you find addressed to others. Never fail, if a gentleman, of being polite and kind to ladies. Never call attention to the features or the form of any one person. A teacher in 3 Sunday-school was j examining a class of little boys from a Scripture catechism. The first i question was, " Who stoned Stephen?" i Answer — " 1 he Jews." Second | question—■ "• Where did they stone him?"—" Beyond the limits of the city." The third question, " Why did they take him beyond the limits of the city ?" proved a poser to the whole class. At length a little fellow, vsho had been scratching his head all the \vhile, looked up and said, " Well, i dinna ken, unless it wae to get a fair fling at him." It is the small boy who usually tells things, and the dinner table is his favorite theatre. Not long ago a bright little fellow peered over into the dish at the head of the table, and exclaimed— *■' What a little chicken for so many people." The company smiled surreptitiously, and hjs mother endeavored to quieten him. But he was like Banquo's ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit up, and, clapping his hands, he shouted—" Oh, yes; I know now, mamma. This the little chicken that was sick so long iu the yard, ai.n't it." It was the favorite saying of a drill sergeai^t, when he was instructing the recruits how to stand, " A soldier should always bftve a full chest and an empty stomach." " Begorra," said a vnacious Irishman one day, " sargeant, there's no use reminding me o' that, for since I 'listed me chest has b.eeu fuller than me stomach ; an' if I'd thought the Queen was so hard up, I wouldn't have taken her shillin' —I'd have given one." The English sergeant, though he appreciated the man's mirth, said to him, seiiously— " Then you didn't enlist for want ?" "Oh, no, sergeant," he replied, "I had laBhins 0' that before I joined the army." Oliver Wendell Holmes was a class mate of pr. Clarke at Harvard, and according to the reminiscences of the latter, the Autocrat of the Breakfast Table was as witty then as now- One day the two were talking of metaphy sics, when the bright-tongued little great man exclaimed, "I'll tell you, James, what I think metaphysics is like. It is like a man splitting a log. When it is done he has two more to split Young Wife—" Just to think, Harry, dear, my new hat blew into the street to- day and was run over by three waggons, four carts, and a tram car." Harry— " Humph! that means a new hat of course." Toung wife— " No, truly. It was rescued, and I took it too Madame Wayuppes, who was perfectly charmed. The waggons aucl things had mangled it into the most fashionable shape imaginable, and it is to be trimmed just as it is. Tou never saw anything so utterly fetching!" When are we told that the Jews employed bread as the Egyptians did papyrus ?—When Issiah was told to take a great roll and write ou it with a pen. Why is a speech delivered on deck of a man-of-war like a lady's necklace? Because it is a deck oration (decora tion). Railway Official—" You had better not smoke, eir." Traveller—" That's what my friends say." Railway Official—" But yoti must not smoke Bir.'' Traveller—" So my doctor tells pe." Railway Official (iudignantiy) —JJutypu shan't smoke, sir." Travel ler—' Ah, jw.-t what my wife Bays." A good story has been revived of the reply made by Lord Melbourne to a political friend wjio had been importuning him to give the Order of the Thistle to a peer who was more noted for hie urbanity than for his great talents. " Give the Thistle to—!" said Lord Melbourne, with one of hia Visual expletives ; " why he'd eat it j" Holloway's Pills.—In the complaint peculiar to females these Pills are unrivalled. Their use by the fair sex has become so constant for the removal of their ailments that rare is the household that is without them. Amongst all classes, from the domestic servants to the peeres3, universal favor is accorded to thes renovate ing Pills; their invigorating and purifying prpportifis render tbem safe and invaluable in all cases ; they may be taken by females of all ages for any disorganization or irregu larity of the system, speedily removing the cause and restoring the sufferer to robust health. As a family medicine they are unapproachable for subduing the maladies of young and old. 