? SPORTING. A special general meeting of the committee of tho Hay Jockey Club will bo held at Tat torsall's on Monday next; tho 21th inst., nt 12 o'clock, whon most important bnsiooss will come on for decisioh. Membors are particul arly requested to bo punctual in attendanco'. The socrotary will be glad to acknowledge tho receipt of amounts due by members in ''arra irs who have already been written to without re sponse. A final report of all unpaid sub scriptions will bo laid on tho tablo at tho .mooting under notice. ^ Jaijc Browor is utili keeping up his reputa tion in the si-ter colony as a crosscountry rider, .and on Saturday - at Oaulfiold treated thoso presont to au excellent dinplay of his' horsemanship by steering Busaco to .victory in the Steeplechase. ^ We are ploased to bo able to boast that Rivorina can produce such an ?artist in the pigskin as Jack. Wo hear Bronzewing is greatly fancied iu Wagga for.tho Cup. A plucky bot! A local motallician not long ago laid 500 to 5 against Oarbino for tho Mel bourne Cup. Mick O'Brien is still in our midst, and looks a deal bettor.. Wo would like to see him up 9n Carbine.for the Melbourne Cap. . Elsewhere it 'is announcod that Young Westovor will stand the season at Boyoog Park.. Wo hoar ' Johnny Armstrong'' had soveral mounts at tlio lato Naratdora meeliog. This .individual is the death of tho tipsters. The nominations for tho Wagga Gold Cup, Town Plate, and Hurdle Race, which closod on Friday, are very satisfactory. Since 1889 tho. entries havo, each year become moro numerous, 29 ontrios have been rocoived for the Cup, 32 for tho Towo Plate, and 24 for tho hurdles, Tho Hay nominations ? aro Saxby) Eurolio, Jossie, Argus (Greg. Keighran's colt by Argus Scandal), and Chaucellor, Impostor, and Stella for the hurdles. The rucing mare Scclla arrived in town on Saturday last, aad is now comfortably housed at Mr J, Dillon's Criterion Hotel, in charge of Lou' Seily. Stella is a fino looking mare, by Irish Home Rule,, and we .will be much mistaken if sho does not repay her new owner for hor oats; Fhed Dhew, tobacconist, has a double- book on the Caultield and Melbourne Cups ; £100 to 5s (if not); also, double book Derby and Cup [Advt.] Larry Holmes is now devoting his entire attention to the veteran Chancellor, and as the old. fellow is a bit proppy in:the near front log ho is causing Laurenco a iot'of anxiety/ By. tho way, Larry says ho is thinking of cross- ; iog tho border noon with his pet and seeking frosh fields and pastures new, and promises whou:he roaches there to mako Jack Brewer aad others following the illegitimate gamo ' ait up ' across country. ^ 'Mickey*' Jordan, well known as a jockoy in these parts, is now training the Adelaido mare Lady Superior in Melbourne, and wo also hear that that popular horsemau Charlio Lewis is 'headiog'em' in tho marvellous city. ? Charlio won a couplo.of centuries ovor Bonnie Doon'a win in the HurdloRace ro:sntly. j .Writes 'Echo' in the Albury Border Post : : — Kenilworth, hitherto tho property of Mr M. Carborry, has changed hands, we learn from the latter, the purchaior baing Mr O'Shea, of Narandera, and tho purchase money ran into throe figures, we ' are told, which must bo satisfactory to Mr Carborry. Mr John Car borry bred Keoil worth, who is by Grosvenor, and his performances are of no mean order, the horse having mado a record on almost every ' course ho entered upon. In Englond one Inrce owner of rocehorses pays a gentleman £1000 per yoar solely for settling his bottiog accounts. Thoro must bo some rathor tall wogoring dono by this turf business man in the course of a year. It would bo as well if a similar system were adoptod out . hero (says a sporting writer); and for tho life of mo I cannot understand why tarf agoncios of a legitimate character are not established by woll-kuown men in Sydnoy— not bookmakers. Dreadnought has boon withdrawn from both the Oaulfiold aud Melbourno Cups, a fact which will cause much pain to early puntors who- had . tho son of Chester backed iu doubles. The turf writor in tho Wagga Express says ; — ' The approach of our annual race meeting is causing the trainers of horses to send them along faster, than thoy havo boen doing of lato, and os tho weather during tho past fow days has bpeu fino tho tracks aro dryiug up uicely, aad with a.continaauce of the present woathor j fast.work will doubtloss be ludulgod in next I week, Considerable troublo and expense has boon gon.o- to to make the track all that could bo wished,, and as complaints are hoard as ito the state several of the district courso3 aro In, no doubt a good number of horses will scon reach , here to.onablo thom to have finishing work. Tho following horsos aro here;'— Bronzewing, Roobuck, Associate, Omoe.OudoU Lalina filly, Esmond, Oirie, Elton, Oliver Twist, Simon, Myrtlo, Moss Rose, Transit, Emerald colt, Rushlight, Tho Dude, Miyday, Tho Jokor. Fairy Kiug, Sundown, Guinoi Wanda filly, Tum'jarumba, aud a chestnut golding. Boxos havo beoa takou for J5, Tupi»nui, Piety, Stolladoan, Sandal, Eurolio. By^ Friday evouing's train from Narandara Ariadno arrirud to tako part at our coming mooting, W, Yeoman is expected hero with Frantic, Strike-a-light, Ghost, Salomo, aud two youogstors. Boautiful weather favoured tho Oaulfiold Graud Natioual Steeplechase Moetingou Satur day, and tbo results wero as follows ;— Sapling Stakes, 100 sore., 3 fuelo'oga, : GailUrdi, 7st 71b, I ; Facta, 7at 71b, 2 ; Aeim, 7it 121b,' 3. fourth. Time 3 min. 9 sec. Handicap Hor dlo Raco, 400 soes.« 2£ miles. Yabba, 10st 3lb (McLaughlin), 1; Montroso II,, 9it 4lb (Morrison), 'J ; Ixion, list 71b (Corrigan), 3. Twonty atartod. Botting : 3 to 1 agst Ilavilab, 5 to 1 'icabba, 8 to 1 Ixion. Won oil out by half a longth ; Havilah fourth. Timo, 4 min. 24£ so3. Selling Rice, lfiO sovs. Bridegroom (nil), I ; Dauntless (nil), 2. Only two atortod. Botting ; 2 to 1 on Bridogroom, who won by six lengths. The winnor wossold for 50 aovs. Caulfield Grand National Stoeple chase, 1000 bovs. Busaco, list 101b (Mr J. E. Browor), 1 ; Beggar Boy, lOst 131b (McLaugh Zia), 2; Schoolboy, lOst 2(b (Wiso), 3. Eightoen started. Bettings ; 5 to 1 bach agst Blister and Buaaco, 7 to 1 Beggar Boy, 10 to 1 eaoh Studley, Whisperer II., and Fujiyama, 100 to 8 othors. Won easily by six lengths.' '? Time, 9 min. 33$ see. Balaclava Stakos, I milo 1 furlong. Churchill, 8*t 81b, I ; Ans tralia, 6st 71 b, 2 ; Stooltrap, 7st 61b, 3. - .?Six- toon etirtod. Botting: 2 to 1 ngst Mirneo, 4 to 1 Stamboul, 7 to I Churchill, Won easily by a longth. Time, 2 min. \ soc, 