I A JOURNEY AOKOSS SIBERIA. 13 v Jamks Caui'Ueli* 1’ROM VLADIVOSTOK TO UASDOLXOI. It was a glorious .Juuo n.oruiug when wo started, and wo wore in tho highest of spirits. Our tarantassod wero driven to tho door, our luggugo adjusted with some little difficulty, and wo wero off. Tho yeintsbiks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, nud I discovered afterwards that thoso gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but botweon the villages thoy could jog along iu tho doziest fashion. AVo had scarcely gone half a mile before our fiory steeds, ambitious apparently of out dying tho eagles, Bottled down ‘into quite ruspectablo roadsters, with such a pace as ouo seos to perfection when paying tho cab i man by tho hour. Tho tarantasa is a vohiclo which stands noxt to tho Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is tho smallest'fault to find with it—that might bo said of somo good pcoplo I know who nro tho very salt of tho earth—but tho fault beyond all others iB that it is without spriugs, uud therefore every part of our economy is sorely bruised when the roads aro rough aud wo travel at night. On fair roads it is not so had, but on rough roads this do ■ leotublo vehiolo cun pound tho unfortunato traveller uutil overy Boparnto bone in his body aches. Wo are compelled to take our i luggage insido with us, "as there is no con venience for carrying it outsido, aud luggage is not tho plcasautest of things to sloop on. Tho knobs aud corners aro distinctly in evidence during tho night, as tho yemtshiks then drivo fast, being anxious to get.to their journey'd ond, and fearing robbers. Ono may have dozed off at last, whon a sudden collision with a root or stone will sond you nying noavcnwaiua, coming oncic to curtii with a crush, or your tnruutass lurches into a rut, and your head is banged against tho side, which either dazes you iuto meokuoss or arouses all tho firo ami fury of tho latent Adam. Nevertheless, so groat is the adapt ability of tho human frame to every kind of condition, that boforo my journey was ended I found I could sleep very soundly, oven under tho conditions of a tarantnss. Adjust ment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature, from the local politician to tho Siberian taruutass. Tho road lod along tho shores of Victoria Bay. It is nn altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valloys, tho latter do bouchiug upon tho hav, forest aud opcu land, tho wholo giving promUo of settlement in days tC> como. After a drivo of 21 versts —tho verst is two-thirds of a mile—wo came to a post station, and I had boforo mo the first eamplo of tho hundreds that lay iu front of mo. Tho Russian Government has put a notwork of post routes over the face of tho empire, and tho system is a splendid ono for facilitating communication. Tho stations arc lot by contract, tho contractor being compelled to kocp so many troikas of horses, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of pairs, os else where. Tho central horse is between tho 1 shafts, and trots. Tho other two uro attached , : to tho vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. Tho outside horses aro trained to gallop with their necks bent round, tho ono looking to tho left and tho other to the right, so that as you sit behind they look like two iminonso notes of interrogation. Tho post stations on tho Siberian routo kocp Irom threo troikas to 15, and tho cost is fixed by tho Government at from to 3 kopeks por verst, or, to put it so that it may bo hotter uuderstandod of tho peoplo I am writing for, you get three horses to carry you 20 miles for a littlo under half a crown, with tho services of tho driver thrown iu. Imagine getting threo horsos and a driver in any part of Australia at tho rato of 2s. fid. per 20 miles ! Theao aro tho rates west of Irkutsk ; east of that town tho prico is double. Yet it only emphasises tho great fact-, of political oconomy, so littlo grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst tho ditforenco between prices in various countries may bo immense, tho dif ference in values may bo very little. Tho horses aro just as woli fed ns those in Aus tralia, tho drivers tho samo, though''tlnTir food may not bo quite as fiuo. Undoubtedly tho Australian driver has much more of all good tilings than tho Siborian yomtshik, yet nothing to roprosent tho ouormous difFercuco in pricos. Tho fact is that tho diifcrouco is really ono of moro counters, and not of actual .value. Wo inflate our prices and seem to bo paying much moro; but, bccauso wo inflate all round, it practically reduces things back to oxobangiug articles with high figures attaohed to them, whilst tho real values remain untouched. If I soli a workiug man a hut at 20s., and ho charges mo a day’s work at 20s., wo stand just tho samo as if wo had agreed for 10s. or Is., and iu this simplo statement will bo found the solution of many of tho fuels of tho world whoro low-priced labour mnkos ns either weep with pity at tho cad fate of tho country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that wo Australians aro not as those sinners in Asia or Europe. Pricos or wages in any country are hardly to bo considered as giving any standard of tho well-being of tho peoplo. Tho real faotors arc tho prossuro of competition owing to prossuro of popula tion, tho productive capacity of tho soil, and tho industry aud moral status of tho peoplo. At tlio second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke Gorman fairly well, and was immensely interested whou ho learned I carao from Australia. IIo made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, aud wc Earted with high professions of esteem. niter on I found out that the idea that all Russian ofllcers can Bpeak auothor language than their cwn is an error. Quite one-half with whom I carao in ooutoct could spoak npthing but Russian, or, at best, a few words of French or Gorman. Tho boat lin guists of tho world, as far as the official and and upper clashes nro concerned aro un doubtedly tho Dutch; then tho Gormans, and after .them tho Ru^i^is. When I say tho Germans, I am nbb’*‘aUre- but equal with them aro the Danes, Norwegians, aud Swedes; all of theso surpassing far tho Latin races of overy sort, and tho English-speaking peoples everywhere. I think I have said boforo, and if not I say it now, that tho Americans and Australians 'shape to bo tho worst linguists of tho world because of their isolatio'u. “Evotf with tho roservations I hovo mado about tho Dutch and'Gormans, it is still truo that tlio Russians nro oxoollout linguists, and their pronunciation of any foroign tongue id far superior to any other nation. This may arise from tho great variety of sounds in their own languago. Homo of those are quito unattainable to a Our start was in glorious weather. In tho aftornoon it was overcast, towards overling it began to driz/.lo, and about 8 o’clock it was raining torrents. Tho wholo of tho Amoor’ Province coast is notod for wot, no loss than 230 days out of tho year boing rainy, it became dark as pitch, and at last wo got bogged. Wo had to got out and trudge along tho muddy road, slipping and Hturnb ling no wo went. I began to rofleet .upon tho fact that I-lmd 0,000 railoa ahead boforo reaching tho Ural Mountains, and to ask myself what sort of a journey this was likely to bo if tlio first 50 turned out in this fashion. Trudgiugweurily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask mysolf further if I wa« quite sano when I first re solved to undertake this journey. I know eomo of my friends had. no manner of doubt whatever—they thought I was as mad as a March hare, and tho doubt bogan to riso in my inind if, after all, thoy woron't pretty right. Tho avorago man is a comfort loving rabbit, easily soared by discomforts and dearly loving bis own burrow, hating strange food and strungo beds, prepared to gush with rapture over the glories of the Himalayas, if you tako.him up tho heights in a lift, or to explore foreign. lands, if he can do it in a first-class carriage.- Tho stay-at home shopkooper spirits aro lhe‘ special beta iktfjw of travellers, aqd to feel that thoy aro right and you are wrong is peculiarly galling to tho enterprising souls who brook fresh ground . or deport from beaten and therefore comfortable trades. Thus musing, with a ’ certain bitterness of unreasonable resentment against somo.good folks, at homo, as if thoy wero in eomo fashion responsible for my troubles now, I plodded on, jotting moro und moro doggedly resolved ns I plunged iuto tho mud tlmt I would not go buck at any cost, but would sec it through just to apito tho critics! At last tho dim lights of the littlo town of Busdoluoi cnrao iu sight, and about lmlf-past 10 wc wcro in shelter for tho night. It was a miserable post station—ono of the worst on tho whole Siberian road. Thorc wero two poky littlo rooms, and thoro were no less than ten men of us to occupy them. Aa wo had all como off tho muddy roads, tho condition of tho floor may bo imagined. I selected tho least dirty spot I could find, uud, spreading my rug out, I oudonvoured to sloop. It was not tho slocp of tho righteous. An unevon wood fioor, with merely a railway rug on it, is not orainontly conducivo,to comfort, and tho rosult was that I got up in tho morning bono-soro and weary. Evon if I had boon moro comfortablo, ono stortorous geutloman would lmvo murdered sloop oven moro effec tually than Bauquo’s ghost. Kis splutterings aud explosions, his small artillery of snortings and hoavy cannons of long drawn snoriugs, exceeded anything I hud over heard iu my life. Tho other ltussians took it all calmly, and thou dropped off, though they commented upon it in tho morning, but it kept mo in a fovor of holploss irritation. What could bo dono under such circumstances ? I could not talk to him, and oven if I could, I don’t supposo it would havo dono tho slightest good. It was tho man’s misfortune, not his fault. "Wo aro searching about for magnificont inventions wherewith to bring tho ends of henvon and earth togothor ; will somo practical lover of his species invent a inaohmo which, whou fitted to our oars, shall nuiko us oblivious of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications lor loans l That would bo geniuB yoked to bouovolcuco, and thoro would bo a fortuno in it. "Wo inado a scraggy broakfust tho following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wrotohed journoy; and yet, aa wo pro ceeded, all tho wretchedness could not provent mo oagerly watching the country and admiring its beauty. Bolling hills and downs, lightly olud with beautiful clumps of trees, rivor flats of tho boBt soil, mudo a landsoapo of great beauty | and told us of. tho possibilities of settlement in this remote and unknown part of tho earth. Wo ran alongside;.tho Bive^.. Suifun part of tho way, and somo of its turns and bonds wore exceedingly lovoly; and from a practical standpoint 1 should supposo it will becomo navigable for a considorablo dis tance from its mouth for moderato-sized craft. Wo pusacd over a good deal of country greatly resembling tho soil and rocks of Kyneton, now beginning to bo occupied. I; was a lovely couutry, tho soil far sttporior to the avorago round Melbourne, and I found myself askiug tho question on this second day ' out from Vladivostok, which I asked myself a hundred times beforo I loft] Siberia, what wilL thiB country bo ? Tho quality of tho soil was a revelation, tho beauty of tho scouory a surprL-o, and tho fuot that it has stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China aud Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Beforo I havo finished theso ‘papers I shall try to give an answer aa to what Siberia and tho Araoor provinces aro likely to become. 