NEWS AND NOTES. , HELD OVER.—Owing to pressure >bn our space we are obliged to horn sevezaleiatters over. .•. - Accotmrs AT THE SUB-TBEASURY.^—Accounts axe awaiting payment at t3ie local Sub-Treasury for tlie following i—Messrs.' 3\. Dargan, H..Kennedy, P. Mu^hy, T. H.' Morgan, Mrs. Sands, «nd tiie Shire Council. THE WELSHES.—The readingsxif Mr. A.' M. PerLin's instrument yesterday.- were as 1 follows:—Thermometer inshadeS&J31.; 63 deg, 12 noon 82 deg, 3 pjm. SH'Seg.,;« p.m.- 77 . deg^ : maximum 83 minimum <52. Barometer S aan. 2£h37," 6 jun. ^9-15 still falling. . SALĘ OF A BACEHORSE.—Mr. JepemiaŁ Grane sold bis maie. the Mornin* Star, tq Mr. Hugh M'Cartiiey last week- ^Hie dam of the Morning-"Star was Pet Fox by Horror. The mare is a sister bFFern I«af by Ex Minister by Newn^nister. : . • ) SAŁE OP BOOTHS.—The sale of booths fer the Hibernian race meeting, to beield on the 29th inśt., took, place, at the Newi market Hotel on Ttursday, Messfs, Busi combe and Co. being.the anętwojeere." < iJ3ie three booflis were knocked down *io H. ing prices t—Giancl "Stand booth, gTo. 1 JhaotyiiBiy^aij, ~ ' "" The fmit stall was pold to Mr. B. Tjęeeh |fDrfL . "WESLETA^ MPTĘA^ I>tPBovEMEMT -,ABj EOCIATIOH.—Iłere was a large attendanpe atthemeeting of Qie above association on TBesday^ wben- tite^nanGBS was what is tOTMdahdia^^ghŁ ^aefello^ii^pr^ the Misses Jphnson -and Castlesacting pianoforte aMompanists ^-Pianoforte solo,- IGsses Beed-and S^Jhqfield; solo. Miss S.' Campbell; HujUataon,. Mrę., Chudleigh^ duet, lbs. Ward ami Miss YaUraolo, Miss' L. Stevens; -essay,TMiss Bromley; BO1O,{ lĘ|sCa*aes; reading, Mies J<" Miss -Pbwmw duet, Misaea. ~ ^ 1 \- COMOEBT^J BLACK HIŁŁ.—TŁe ronnnBg bntiuually dBsolate<sitB of łhe Blaił: B5H! School presented a.' very gay nad livdy. the concert and dartce"^ 'aad of titie picnic and Uprises cS Miss Miller's śchooL UiB haMngJui quite fall, and the pecnliar; beant? t^e nighWąnd pf ttiespot, induced THE SOUTH MELBOURNE BUILDING SOCIETT.—We regret to learn that the s affairs of .line South Melbourne Building i Society, are in a much .worse state than R wa&antieipated; at . any iime daring the a -iiythat has been proceeding for some s past A ineetiDg cS the shareholders held in. tiie uppferxbom of the South Mdbournei&Jwii; Hall onThursday evening las^ when ttie report of the auditors -was read by the acting secretary. According to this report the deficiency was as follows, ; >er profit and loss account, £6650 6s; deiciency for which Mr. Tiarlrin admits liabOifer, £45^32 ISs lOd; cash deficit, as per statement. JE3021 5s lid: total, JE54.904 5s 9d< In view of the Astonishing defalcations disclpsed in.the auditors report, it was resolved that -Mr. TjtyŁ-in, the late secretary of the society, aud Mr. Cleaiy, his "accountant, should be joined in a charge of conspiracy. Warrants were accordingly issued, and the late secretary, who was out on bail was arrested a little before midnight. A •warrant was also issued for Mr. deary's arrest, but it could not be put into force immediately, as that gentleman had left for Kyneton on one of his weekly visits. Further delay was caused, as Mr. Cleary t had gone on, with one of bis children, to visit some relatives at Bendigo. Mr. Clear; who was on bis way back at midday yesterday was . arrested by Constable Hickey- On Thursday the day on which Mr. Cleary left Melbourne for Kyneton, he naa engaged assisting the auditors up to 31 adn. In view of the large amount of the defalcations, it was decided that the bail' of Mr. Lavtin should be increased by two securities of £5000,. in addition to th.e bail alrfeady ottered. In describing Mr. deary's ślleged ~connection With this business, one of .the Melbourne evening papers contains several glaring . pSlsstatemente, amongst which it is said that$Mr. Cleaiy bad builig handsome resM^cetóSSjittŁoh.-r®ie8ame Winter eeemi pionbleA to kn'ow why Mi^ Cleaiy went to Bendigo. Had he been better, infonned^ he ,wonld -know. that Mr. Clearly ordywenfr-śithJbiBJcliiidio "visit bis relatives, and that he had arranged to be mfet at Kyneton liy the manager 'of r tiiis jounial to arrange , some business mattes when on the way "back by the L51 p.m. tram," by .'which" be actually reurned to Melbourne. A."WITEB P T-MTK-R IMKTSEKT.—There is an.abundant supply of water in the storage reservoir at Tylden, and the main between there and - the service basin is in no way obstructed. Unless the service basin can be kept full the abundance of water in the "Tylden reservoir counts for little or nothing. ,.Th.e capacity ęf service basin, and. the intake from Tylden. is more than' sufficient to prove a liberal supply for every resident "in' the water district, but 'never-, thelcss the town is threatened with an immediate water famine, or, at least, an intermittent supply. The foreman of the Water Trust, Mr. Gallimore, accounts for the .failure of. the. simply by the. illegal consumption of water for, garden and irrigation purposes. It is stated that so many offenders in this direction have been discovered that the Trust contemplates investing the foreman with such extended powers as will enable him to deal summarily with all persons whom he may discover wasting the water. \- KTNETON G-BAIOUS SCHOOL ENTER- MEKT.—The pupils attending Mr. M*Cormiefs school, gave ail entertainment in the school room last evening to a large and appreiative audience. The different items were gone through • in' a manner, that showed the pupils had received careful instruction. There were several encores der manded daring die evening. Refresh, ments were provided by lie young lady scholars, and altogether a most enjoyable evening was spent. The following was the programme submitted:—Piano solo. Miss 4'Donald; gong, "Tit For Tat," Miss Perkin; tragedy, "Blue Beard," Fatima, Miss E. Heale; Blue Beard, Master E. Heale; Anne, Miss J. Miller ; Gulnare (dumb slave), Miss E. Perkin; TTaggan and Selim, (brothers). Masters Palmer and Richardson; Ghosts, Misses M. Bobertson, K. Best, R. Hoblis, R. Richardson; recitation, " Armada," Master Adand; song, Scarlet Poppies," Miss Thomson ; tableaux, "Playtime,"; song, " Te Banks and Braes," encored Miss Good; recitation, *The Careful Messenger," Master B Hurry; tableaux," Salated and Pygmalion,": song. Miss Heale; imitation, Miss J. Miller; tableaux; "Three little Maids from School"; song,'Miss li. Bowo*s "iailileaux, liro Strips to her Bow/'; piano soli/. Mias Jardme; song, Miss Good; supper; tableaux, "Departure,"; and Apld Lang Syne. Ą PRBBENTłinoN.—Ąbout a dozen members of the Kyneton Hunt Club met at Hardman's Hotel last erening, for the purpose of presenting Mr. Simmons, the owner of Smuggler Bob, ridden by. Mr. T. Ewing, with the silver cup, the trophy offered by the Hunt Club for jumping at lie late Spring Raceś: Mr. 3Ł Rawsón occupied the chair, and made the presentation, włnćh was suitably responded tp. C.T.MS.—The prdinary meeting of the local society was well attended on Thursday - evening. Correspondence was read, and dealt with in reference to the proposed federation of the societies, and it was agreed attóid the conference in Melbourne on" the 9tir of January. The secretary reported the balance from late concertin aid of the prize tnnd of the local R.C. schools to be £8 Se. dU,' The subject of the evening was a debate on local subjects, which was entered into by all members present.. • The "social evening" which was arranged to take place on Thursday next, has been pestponed till Tuesday, 22ndinst. KYNETON STATE SCHOOL CONCEBT.—The n.nTiTig l concert of the scholars- and teachers of Kyneton State school, will be held in the Mechanics' Institute next Wednesday 16th inst. It will be given in two divisions. The performance by the first, second, third and fourth classes, consisting pf. action songs, fflni^ftftl drill, dialogues, -recitations, part songs, piano- selections, and parts of a cantata, '"Hie Birds and Fairias," will take place in the afternoon, doors open at 1.45, to begin at 2.16. The evening entertainment to consist of • pari;: songs, solos, dialogues, selections onpiaiio, and by brass band, and an- operetta- John-Bull^md-his trades, by firth, .fifth, and upper fourii classes, assisted by teachere, -wiń. begin at a quarter past seven, doors .being open at a quarter to seven. The admission to either entertąinjqent or to both, will be one shil ling. ACKKOWLEDOMENT.—The committee the Kyneton Ladies' Benevolent Society beg to acknowledge, with thanks, the receij>t-of XlO from. the Hon. C. Young, as a Christmas gitt to the poor.. '-A NEAT .ALMANAC.—We • bave nsceived from Mr: R T. Church, JBw wellfeiown c^eznivt ;'of Kper Street, ja.'" handsome almanac, arrangtd in ths fpgrm of a fan, witii ji mirror in tŁe centrŁ A" calender each month is arranged around the iihonld h any loom" ór office.' •OF'A trial rf tie Brandford reaper - and binder, •which was postponed trom Saturday last ou -fuMAlilL pf the inclement • wsaUisr, wi ie bcid in Mr.Bughes'paddock onMonday next. Mr. Arthur Watson is"ffie local iegentiortheroadiine.-. . • A^MIHIBXBXL EKTEBTAIKNEHI.- Benhamand%rahenHyqpular andtalented miiustrdJł^e; win ajjpear at Wpodend <m Mmidayi^i^ SÓMBtóriro TG HDH[ iBOJJT,—Up yo?i IŁat fee veiy air^jwi brea&e.; tlie' •drink, and the food you eat conor mioob^ of disease fand ; Is in Uiis way that almost 'all diseases are One-seventh of all wbo die ore carried off byconsumptiim. A great many oftiie rest aiecatried off by shdL~ |GseBaes ace all preventable, benaase, if ' la- naed,amdtpowOTfrilMiflrobe „ a time, it łilla iŁe germ jtf dlsease, and so does not let it get a-fiyrtiiold in iajB system. KiBer liasiproTOd itself to teiHiebertTCcrt^ a % j|heii% imiiated, so rłŁe public are canbuy^ilyRadam'&TiBr;^ INDEPENDENT CHURCH.—The Sunday chool anniversary sermons will be preached n tiie local Independent Church by the ev. W. „. H. ^ Scott on Sunday next, at 11 , an. and 7 p.m. There will be a children's ervice at 3 p.m. on the same date. CATHOLIC YOUNO MEWS' SOCIETT.—A grand optical lantern entertainment will be I mven in the Young Mens" on Tuesday evening nert (l&OTinst;). T^rS, OF HIRFCTEES.^-THE trial of hunters, postponed from the late show, will be held on the show ground on Wednesday nert, 16th inst, at 3 p.m. THE COMING ELECTION. — Some three months ago (writes the Lamxfield Mercury our Kilmore correspondent stated that Mr. I R. Fennelly, C.E., of Kilmore, intended to I oppose the return of the Hon. J. G. Duffy as representative of the electorate of Kilmore, Dalhousie, and Lancefield. This statement was subsequently questioned by j some of our contemporaries, but we may now definitely assert that it was correct. On Monday last Mr. Fennelly assured us that it was his intention to go to the poll against all comers. He said tŁat he had' fully considered the question, and was der to test the feeling of the electors ] by entering the field. ERNEST HCTCHESON.—The plan for the I reserved seats for the concert by the I eminent young Australian pianist will be J open at Mr. M. K. Armstrong's stationer, | Mollison Street, on Monday next, where I seats may be secured on payment of a book- I ing fee of one shilling extra, and where, 1 also, all classes of tickets may be obtained. I A splendid programme, which will appear I in our Tuesday's issue, has been prepared, 1 and as this will be positively the only opportunity of hearing Australia's greatest I piahist, there can be no doubt that o^r I inusic-loving public will freely avail them-; I pelves of—we may call it—the privilege of I attending the concert of Ernest Hutcheson. I Itjnay^rhaps interestour readers to know; I -what impression the playing of Ernest! Hntcheson has made upon the public of Melboume. ' Hie musical critics are unani- I mous in their opinion about the exceptional j ability of Ernest Hutcheson as a pianist of I a very high order, even at his present early age. The Argus, for example, affirms that— "In the second part the young artist under- I took Mendelssohna splendid Prelude, and j Ferguson's E minor, and he rose to the 1 height of the occasion, surpassing anything I that lie he had rtrevionslvflrifiomtili^lifid. previously accomplished. "His ! I performance of Liztfs * La Campanella' was perhaps the most brilliant technical | display that las been yet heard from the j hands of this rising Australian pianistę.} It aroused the audience to such an extent j that a third recall ensued." Again the j jlt^us says—" The etudes were brilliant, I technical displays that would have added j to the reputation of any executant whether | young or old. Brahm's Rhapsody in G| -minor, received a sympathetic and and alto- I gether excellent interpretation. And again of Lizt'e Chant, Polonaise, and the 6th I Rhapsody. These were all extremely well I played—the last being a really splendid I achievement—and were additional proof of ] the young pianist's quite remarkable j manipulative powers, to which undoubtedly I are allied mental qualifications that, when j they have been as fully developed as his technical abilities, should place Ernest j Hutcheson in the foremost rank of living j rianists. As the concert, on Thursday will I ie the only opportunity of hearing the I young Australian pianist, there can be no I doubt he will be welcomed by a large I audience. A magnificent Broadwood piano I will be brought from Melbourne for the 1 occasion. I ^ SOLICITORS WITH WIGS.—Now that both } branches of the legal profession have be- j come amalgamated, it will (the Ballarat Covrięr observes) be competent for solicitors 1 appearing in court, to wear the customary wig and gown. Melbourne tradesmen are I already touting for orders. The solicitors I in the Ballarat district have received a I circular from one modest firm willing I to provide the wigs at eight guineas each | and the gowns at 50s. THE RABBIT PEST.—Two thousand rab- j bits were destroyed at Tanga, New South I Wales, last week, at an expense of .£1 Os Gd. I The Sydney Morning Herald says:—" The method adopted was by poisoned barley, I which is cheaper than wheat, the detailed I expense being—strychnine, 4s; barley, 8s; I phosporus, 2s 6d; labour, 6s. The rabbit I pest is causing increased alarm. The I rodents ate swarming into town and enter- I Ing gardćinB. Two carpenters were engaged j nt Balnma-ld in removing the flooring j boards from the council chambers in order j to get out dead rabbits. About twenty j were found. At the Balranald Council j meeting it was decided to write to the I members of Parliament forthe district, and j ask them -to urge the Minister to take im- J mediate action. If a deaf ear be turned to | these entreaties the members will be asked j to bring the subject forward in the House, j Rabbits have never before been seen at Bal- ranald in such greąt numbers. They are J swarming on to the iiver -frontages from I the back blocks and eating up all the grass. ] are checked it means ruin to I everyone interested in the district-" f j 'PURIFICATION OF- THE ROLLS.—In-the J Legislative Assembly on Thursday, the ] Attorney-GeneraLmoved the second reading of the Bill to provide for the pnrification .of,elector£l rplls. The general principie jof the measure met with universal 1 acoeptanoe,-but there was considerable j difference of opinion in regard to the I methods by- which it was intended to make I |hatprinciple operative. The second read- J ing^jvas eventually agreed to without a j division, and the House went into com- j mittee'pnthe BilL THE HONOUR OF FASLIAHENT.—The I select committee of the Legislative Council anointed to inquire into the conduct of j .the Hon. H. Gore, M.L.C., in connection j with the mining suit brought against'&m; j by the.. .Hon. Mr. Bowman, MiA.j bad a 1 brief sitting pn Thursday, The committee I are Messrs. S. Frąśer, S. W. Cooke, F, I Brown, J. Sternberg, and Pitt, Mr. Fraser was appointed .chamoan. Mr. Gore had I not teen notified of the meeting, and after a prelimlnaiT discussion it was decided to! adjourn untUhalf-past 4 p.m. on Monday I next, when Mr. Gore will be invited to pro- I duce witneBses and documenta in support of I his case. 1 