CHAPTER VII.-THE SHADOW IN THE . SUNLIGHT. ; The torn web' fell-the last:veil of the Strange Hathor. It fell, and all its unravelled threads of glittering gold and scarlet rippled and coiled about the . Wan derer's feet, and about; the pillars pf the loom.; . \ .\?; ),-'?:_ ? ??? ] The web was torn, the veil was rent, the labor was lost, the pictured story of loves and wars was all undone. ; But there, white in the silvery dusk bf the. alabaster shrine, there was the visible Helen, the bride, and the; daughter of Mystery, the World's Desire 1 There , shone that fabled loveliness of which no story was too strange, of which all miracles seemed true. There, her hands folded on her lap, her head bowed-there sat she whose voice was the echo of all sweet voices, she whose rahape was. the I mirror of all fair shapes, she whose changeful beauty, so they said, . was the child of the changeful mpon, Helen sat in a chair of ivory, gleaming even through the sunshine of her outspread hair. She was clothed in soft folds of white; on her breast gleamed the Btar stone, the red stone of the seá-deeps that melts in the sunshine, but that melted not on the breast of Helen. Momont by moment the red drops from the ruby heart of the star fell on her snowy raiment, fell and vanished,-fell and vanished,-and left no stain. The Wanderer looked on her face, but the beauty and the terror "of it, as she raised it, were more than he could bear, and he stood like those who saw the terror and the beauty of that face which changes , men to stone. ' Por the lovely eyes of Helen stared wide, her lips, yet quivering with the last notes of song, were open wide ia fear. She seemed like one who walks alone, and suddenly, in the noonday light, meets the hated dead ; encountering the ghost of an ene j ty come back to earth with the instant summons of doom. For a moment the sight of her terror made even the Wanderer afraid. What was the horror she beheLd in this haunted shrine, where was none save themselves alone ? What was with them in the shrine ? Then he saw that her eyes were 6xed on his golden armor which Paris once had : worn, on the golden shield with the blazon of the White Bull, on the golden helm whose vizor was down so that it quite hid j his oyes and his face ; and then at last her voice broke from her t " Paris ! Paris ! Paris ! Has Death lost hold of thee? Hast thou come to drag me back to thee and to shame ? Paris, dead Paris 1 Who gave thee courage to pass the shadows of men whom on earth thou hadst not dared to face in war ?'' [ Then she wrung lier hands, and laughed I aloud with the empty laugh of fear. A thought came into that crafty mind of the Wanderer's, and he answered her, not in his own voice, hut in the smooth, soft, mocking voice of the traitor Paris, whom he had heard forswear himself in the oath before Ilios. . " So, Lady, thou hast not yet forgiven Paris? Thou weavest the ancient web, thou singest the ancient Bongs-art thou still unkind as of old?" " Why art thou come back to taunt me ?" she said, and now she spoke as if an old familiar fear and horror were laying hold of her and mastering her again, after long freedom. " Was it not enough to betray me in the semblance of my wedded lord ? Why dost thou mock ?" " In love all arts are fair," he answered in the voice of Paris. " Many have loved thee, Lady, and they are all dead for thy sake, and no love but mine has been more strong than death. There is none to blame us now, and s one to hinder. Troy is down, the heroes are white dust ; only love lives yet. Wilt thou not learn, Lady, how a shadow can love ?" She had listened with her head bowed, but now she leaped up with blazing eyes and face of fire. "Begone!" she said, "the heroes are dead for my sake, and to my shame, but the shame is living yet. Begone ! Never in life or death shall my lips touch the false lips that lied away my honor, and the false face that wore the favor of my lord's." For it was by shape-shifting and magic art, as poets tell, that Paris first beguiled Fair Helen. Then the Wanderer spoke again with the sweet, smooth voice of Paris, son of Priam. " As I passed up the shrine where thy glory dwells, Helen, I heard thee sing. And thou didst sing of the, waking of thy heart, of the arising of love within thy BOUI, and of the coming of one for whom thou dost wait, whom thou didst love long since and shalt love for evermore. And aB thou sangest, I came, I Paris, who was thy love, and who ara thy love, and who alone of ghosts and men shall be thy love again. Wilt thou still bid me go ?" (TO BE CONTINUED.) The death is announced of the Honorable Lady Taylor, widow of Sir Henry Taylor, author of the drama of " Philip Von Arlevelde/' which con tains at least one line which is as often quoted as any of Shakspere's-" Tho world knows nothing of its greatest men." The late Lady Taylor was a daughter of the first Lord Monteagle, better known as Mr.- Spring Bice, Lord Melbourne's Chancellor of the Exchequer.. 