©ale* and BktttUtS. A LEGEND OF BOHEMIA. Br Mo.va Caikd, Author of 'The Wings of Aaad,' ' Ls Marriage & Failure?' 'Whom Natnre Leadeth,' tc, Ac [ALL BIGHTS BESEHTED.] In tbe middle ages, Bohemia uras a wild Und of mountains and forests, where no one dared to venture ont of his house or beyond tbe vtUs of his town without carrying anna. In the heart of this romantic country, nestled the quiet old town of Eger, the scene of Wallenstem'a rebellion and of his treacherous murder. Tbe JGgerland is now a wide stretch of fertile plain encircled by a line of bine mountains, a little retired world where even to this day, the customs of ancestors dating far back into history, continue to regulate the lives of the simple inhabitants. The houses of the peasant-farmers are all built on one immemorial pattern ; their inmates wear the same style of garments unvarying even to a button, they Bleep in gaily painted four-post bedsteads, carefully curtained round,' and quaff vast potations of beer ont of big tin or earthenware flagons. The Egerlanders stand apart from their neighbours as absolutely as if miles of «ea girded their little territory instead of a circlet of hills. Once inside this line of w^wiifintfp^ tbe traveller finds himself half constrained to take life on tnedisev&l; terms, so potent is the old-world atmosphere, so strange the charm of the quaint superstitions and child-like worship of the people. Worn oat with the worry and toil of conducting a large business, I found myself, one sunny September, in the heart of this Qtuunt little land, and I blessed, in an illogical —the railway which had enabled me to take a dip into an age when steam-engines were still undreamt o£ For seven happy weeks, I was a Bohemian at heart, a devout Catholic, a worshipper of lean saints. Many a day as I came to a little lonely shrine, by the side of some path across the fields, I have gone down, on my knees, and worshipped — I knew not what — the sweet virgin in her blue robe edged with gold, holding the haloed infant in her arms. I came to lore that mild-faced lady, and to wish that I could carry her home with me to pray to when the foreign mails came inland— bnt alas ! my delicate goddess grew pale at that thought, and I remembered that she belonged to the land of Yesterday, and would fade and die if she were transported to the glaring world that Fate had chosen for my dwelling place. I had one favourite shrine which stood at the foot of a hBl crowned by a large church, whose strange Byzantine-looking cupola, of zinc or copper painted red, could be seen for rotTf*^ nn our the plain. My ?shrine was presided over by a bright blue virgin, whose cerulean eyes had been tinted with the same paint that stained her robe, slightly diluted. On the shrine grateful pilgrims had hung up numerous quaint thank- offerings, for having been preserved from illness or accident At tbe feet of my Lady of Azure, when I approached on one lordy afternoon, knelt a nw-iden, with head bent in prayer. I had the impulse to go up and kneel beside her. It is impossible to describe the sense of happiness that I felt as I joined in worship with this beautiful Bohemian girl. It seemed to me that then, if never before or after, my prayer most be granted. My fellow-worshipper was the daughter of one of the wealthy peasant proprietors of the Egeriand ; her handsome doth dress, with its heavy clasps of antique silver — heirlooms centuries old — and the strange head-gear of black stuff revealed her station. She was large of frame, with regular features, black eyes, and a fine carriage of the head. How I blessed tbe perseverance with which I bad devoted myself to tbe Slavonic language* ! It was not difficult to draw the girl into conversation. She was frank and trustful, U a little shy. This rifld of the Middle Ages fascinated me as much as did her wild, spell bound little country. It seemed to me that an old dream of mine was realised and that I had been permitted to step out of my own noisy century, and to meet and speak with the generations of the past. Our shrine, my beautiful companion told me, had been raised on this spot fire centuries ago by an ancestor of her own, Baron Zwaptolil, one of the great Bohemian nobles, in thanks giving for the rescue of his only daughter from the murderous assault of a robber chieftain, whose powerful band was at that time infesting the district. The girl was sitting, rosary in hand, at the foot of the shrine ; I had stretched myself by the hedge-side., in luxurious case. The eun was hot, the breeze soothing j I sank into a strange lethargic state, as if my body were asleep, while my imagination became abnormally vivid. My companion was relating to me the story that bad been handed down among the owners of the soil from the troubled times of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries ; but such was not precisely my impression. I seemed to be transported back wards, across the great plain of time, and gently landed in the midst of a romance of the Middle Ages. The scene had scarcely changed ; it was still the beautiful Egerlaad : Eger lay at the cod of a four -mile avenue of stately poplars, with its castle and gabled houses in the distance ; the church stood above me on the lull top ; bnt there was now only a rough track up to the village, and the whole country seemed like a vast forest ? it was in fact a part of the great Hercynian forest— with a few farms and scattered hamlets, aud here and there a church. By some magic of place and time, I had become a spectator, though not an actor in the drama. This ' power of knowing all, without the ability to J act, made me feel at times as if I were suffering from a terrible nightmare. I do Dot think ' that I woe able to raise xny bead or to open ' my eyes ; I seemed to be nndcr a spell eiraiUr to that which the wicked Count in the story held over tbe beautiful daughter of old Baron Zwaptolik, whose vast castle used to stand, surrounded by dense forests, scarcely a mile fro in the shrine, Drahomira, dark of hair and swift of foot, with her brilliant brown eyes and rich com plexion, was one of the wealthiest heiresses in the kingdom, and ber hand had been eagerly sought by the sons of the neighbouring nobles, not only for her beauty, but for her riches. Among these aspirants was one who had long loved her with faithful devotion, in spite of the cold and scornful treatment which either coquettry or aversion appeared to inspire in her. The only consolation of the youngCount Vladislav was the fact that Drahomirt behaved to her other soitora inexactly the same manner. She had no wish to leave the home where she was idolised by her indulgent old father, who since her mother's death had lavished all his affections upon their only child. ' If I married, it would be all gain for my lord and all loss for me,' she used to say with her brilliant smile ; ' I pray yon, good knight, pay your court to some unhappy maiden, who, in becoming your wife, may reach something better than her present state, since she cannot achieve a worse !' Vladislav would wateb the self-willed lady moving among the brilliant company, gracious and smiling, yet ever ready to hold at a distance the most' persistent of aspirants. This firmness of character made her subse incomprehensible tome, an astounded spectator panting to interfere and to set crooked things straight. Hie first hint of this change of demeanour occurred about the time of a very strange event which created a stir throughout all Bohemia. One of the daughters of a great seigneur had, on the very eve of her wedding, disappeared from her home, and though search bad been made far and wide, no trace of her could be found, Tbe expectant bridegroom had also vanished. I heard the people talking about thfa incident all around me, and my blood was chilled with a presage of coming eviL **A jealous and disappointed suitor must have carried her off,' said one. ' An enemy of the bridegroom has taken them both away, and is keeping them prisoners ' another suggested, and so on ran tbe surmises. Drahomira, usually so bold and fearless, was white to the lips, ana she started if anyone spoke suddenly to her. '* Beloved and gracious lady,' said Vladislav; 'Fear notliing. 3?o evil shall befall yon whilst I am by your side. Had I bat the right to be always your protector what unspeakable joy would be mine.** At these words, to everybody's dismay, Drahomira swooned. When at last she opened her eyes, she turned them instinctively towards the great window, and a look of terror came into them which startled everyone. I followed her gaze, and saw— yea, I am certain that I saw for less than a second the face of a man with dark hair and eyes, staring straight into the room. The next instant the face had gone and only tbe H.i|fying forest was to be seen from *}-f deep-set window. How I longed to be able to relate what I had witnessed, bnt I was tongue-tied, moving among these knights, and dames, like a ghost, helpless and unnoticed. Drahomira was as fall of life as usual during that evening. To me her gaiety seemed wild and feverish, bnt then I knew what no one else knew in -hat company. Vladislav looked gloomy. The Baron's daughter avoided him, and he thought that she made herself need lessly agreeable to a jacknapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her everywhere. To Vladislav's secret joy, the knight had already drunk deep of the nine that was provided for all comers, in the great halL While his rival was thus putting ** an enemy into his month,' Vladislav remained sober and watchful. The tipsy knicht came swaggering into the midst of the ladies, snatched Drahomira round tbe waist with a noisy laugh, and proposed a moonlight ramble in the forest. Several strong hands were laid on bis arm and he was led back to the banqueting hall, where be continued to toast his mistress in the flowing bowl tOi he rolled off his seat, Btill trolling oat serenades and drinking eoDga from the safe level of the floor. Vladislav rejoiced to see several other knights depart discomfitted that evening when the nours of revelry at length drew to an -and, and the few guests who lived rear rode away in companies large enough to resist tbe bands of marauders that haunted these outlying1 parts of the great Hercynian forest. The rest who were sufficiently sober went off to their rooms in the castle. Vladislav was too perturbed to sleep. He sat looking out upon the moonlit scene thinking of Drahomira. What had caused her sudden terror * Would she ever return his devotion ? Holy Virgin ! Had bis thoughts fashioned a semblance of her out of the inista and the dim moonlight ? He saw her crossing the open space before the castle, and with her a m?T» in a dark cloak. Count Vladislav swore a great oath, and then he made off in pursuit. He could see the two figures, though not their faces, as they stood together in tbe forest, but he was careful to conceal himself that he might not give die man an opportunity to escape. He must know which of Drahoinira's suitors had been able to persuade her to this breach of decorum. Could it be he of the red doublet ? MaA with rage and jealously Vladislav's feelings were not soothed when he saw the man throw his arms round the girl, and break into a thousand protestations. Yet Vladislav dared not approach ; Drahomira would never forgive him if he played the spy ! She broke away from her companion ; the lover became contrite, kneeling at her feet. Then his pleading was recommenced, under which Drahomira seemed to be givinc way. as if in terrur. She tried several times to escape, but he thrice succeeded in recalling her ! He appeared to have extracted flome promise and then she left him at a run. Vladislav intercepted ber as *he fled back towards the castle. _ ' Have you been keeping tryst with the Devil, fair lady?' Drahomira gave a scream and sank back against a tree. 'I think I nave'' she answered wildly. 'What do you mean? Who is tbis fellow ? Vladislav demanded in great excitement. ** Don't ask m* ; I dare not tell you— I moat obey him ? Vladislav save me.' Before the astonished lover could reply the girl had fled past him, and he saw ber no more that night. Her words thrilled him with hope and fear. On the following day tire castle was set in a ferment by the news that another great heiress had disappeared from her home- ' The event filled everyone, from the Baron to tbe stable boy, with the utmost consternation, Drahomira avoided all attempts on the part of her lover to speak to her about the incident of the previous night ; she appeared to have entirely forgotten it and her wild appeal for help. Vladislav determined to watch her closely, and interfere boldly should any more interviews take place in the forest. But he watched in vain; a week passed withont anything remarkable happening Tbe advent of a young horseman, tbe son of a Polish noble, and his immediate adnussioa to the castle as guest, had in it nothing noteworthy, for it was the custom for travellers to receive hospitality from the great houses as they passed through this wild and robber- haunted countiy. Drahomira had often been called upon to welcome such transient guests, but I shall never forget the look on her face when her father presented to her the new comer. Her eyes were full ot terror as she returned his low salute. Alas ! I alone, impotent ghost, knew tiie cause of that terroc. She recognised the face that had gazed at her that night through tbe window ! The Polish Count made a long etay, and his attentions to Drahomira were remarked by all, as well as her snbdned and nervous manner whenever he was present. ' It is insufferable that she should be won under our very noses by a stranger !' said the rivals. This fascinating person left the castle, for a few days, on a visit to Eger. During his absence another of the mysterious elopinents occurred. The Castle was in a panic 'This is very strange!** exclaimed the Count on bis return, 'in my country we would not suffer our daughters to be carried off with ont bringing tbe offenders to a knowledge of our sword-edges. We shall be hearing of the disappearance of our fair hostess Tn»xt ?' Drahomira turned deathly white. Large com panies of armed men now went forth daily from the castle in search of the unknown criminals. The Polish Count took the lead, swearing that he would not rest until he had achieved success. Old Baron Zwaptolik evi dently thought him a. fine fellow. I watched the three persons in whom my fnterest was concentrated with feverish mixiety. Draho mira seemed to be in a sort of stupor. Her eyes followed every movement of the Count, while Vladislav £ooght in vain to induce her to trust bun with her secret. Whenever be addressed her, the eyes of the -watchful Pole would fall npou her, and she became confused and silent. At the end of several days the stranger, with profuse thanks for his hospital reception, announced his intention to bring his visit to a close. I breathed more freely. On the eve of bis depart ore Vladislav, looking out of bis window once more, saw to his horror the figure of Drahomira ^jyprH^nnp into the shadows of the forest. He ruabed out, bat the ni^bt was dark and his footsteps upon a crackling branch warned those whom he sought to plunge oat of sight. Among the shadows of that forest I alone wit nessed the strange scene that was taking place. Count Kasimir had taken the girl to a lonely spot, and he was standing before her holding her hand and looking fixedly into ber eyes. Her gaze was straight and fascinated. *' I have won your love, Drahomira,' he said, not as a question but as an assertion. She bowed her head. ' And you will be my bride.' Again the head was bowed. An expression, like that of some wild beast, came into the man's face. ' Our wedding must be soon !' he said, ' and secret. On this day a week hence, beloved, you will deck yourself in your richest and loveliest array, as beseems a bride of so great & house, and a, maid of such surpassing fair' 'Oh ! vhy did I listen to you?' the girl Tbe man gave a grin. ' My beautiful one cannot evade the fond toils of lore. On this day, a week hence, at an hour after sundown, she will come to her adorer, who will Await her at the church of the holy Saint Sebastian, and there the good priest will call the blessing of God upon our union. ' Drahomira made the Pign of the cross, and the Pole shrank back with an evil frown. As on the previous occasion, she left him in great haste It was in vain that Vladislav tried to pierce the mystery. Her lips were resolutely sealed. On the following morning Count Kasimir departed, and Vladislav breathed again. But Drahomira's mood did not change. The week harried past and tbe day arrived winch the unknown bridegroom had appointed for the wedding. I believed that I moaned made some sort of cry, when I saw Drahomira. be^in to attire herself in her richest roltes, twining diamonds in her hair, and pearls round her slim throat. Her gown, which her mother had worn at her wedding was embroidered with gems, and had formed part of the lady's splendid dower. Over this nia^ni&ccncc; Drahomira threw a large cloak, and stealing dowa stairs, she fled, from ber home, hurrying tip by the bare steep pathway, towards the church on tbe hill- top. The light had almost died when she arrived, and tiie bride could see by tbe gleam through the windows that ^T-flVyft were burning on tbe altar. She also noticed that, according to the clock on tbe tower, she had come nearly twenty minutes too won. Had tbe Holy Virgin taken pity upon her and made the hands to loiter! Draliomira stole into the church, and saw to her surprise, two figures standing before the altar. One of these was Count Kaaunir. and the other* beautiful girl attired in bridal array, adorned like the daughter of Zwaptollk herself, with costly gems. A thrill of horror ran through her ! Was this another bnde of hermysterious bridegroom I He glanced round, as if expecting some one. Drahomira stoop ing low, ran swiftly forward and hid herself behind tbe altar. It was her only chance of escaping detection. She thought that he must hear the violent beating of her heart, as she lay crouching in the shadow within a few feet of him. Presently—it could not have been two minutes after she bad found shelter— a sidedoor opened stealthily, and then the sound of footsteps came along the aisle. ' Here is the priest who will make us for ever one,' whispered the bridegroom. Scarcely bad he uttered the words when an awful shriek rang through the church, for suddenly three or four ruffians rushed upon the miserable girl and struck her down on the very steps of tie altar, in spite of her wild appeal for help to the Virgin and all tbe blessed saints. Another stifled shriek echoed ' it from behind the altar, whOe the wild work of murder went on under the directions and with the help of Count Knsimir, whose cold blooded savagery excelled even that of lus accomplices. Horrible was the scene that followed. Thebeautiful bride lay dead on the floor of the desecrated church, and ber robber- bridegroom was gloating over the rich booty. Her jewels were torn from her, and then the band of ««'*'?''« dragged away the body and flung it into a large bole which they had dug in the forest for the reception of their tramerons victims. Kearly faulting with terror, Drahomira found herself left alone in the silent church, the candies still burning on the altar, awaiting her ownnnptial ceremony. At all hazards she must escape before the return of the robbers and their terrible chief. This then was the secret of the strange dis appearance that had scared all Bohemia 1 _ Terror-stricken as she was, Drahomira.'a heart beat high with revengeful passion = if will and courage could avail, this wicked hand should not see the light of morning ! Bracing herself for a great effort she set off on her homeward journey. She glanced at the dock and saw that in five minutes, the hour of ber appointed wedding would have struck. In that time, therefore, ber marderer-bridegroom would be there. Drahomira set off at a run. The path ran down the hillside, and unluckily it could be seen from a distance. When about half of the way bad been traversed, feeling a horrible sense of paralysed powers, she ven tured to glance back, and a cry of horror escaped her, for there was her terrible enemy rushing down the hill after her !' His accursed influence was asserting itself. She clasped ber crucifix ; the spell seemed to relax ; then she gathered together all her remaining strength and fled down tiie hill, stumbling, recovering herself, springing over hollows, darting round corners ; yet, in spite of her wild efforts, the man was gaining upon her. Horrible and seemingly everlasting were the next five minutes of agony. Every breath appeared to tear her to pieces ; her heart was ready to borBt. Oh, that it migbt ?t^*WMi burst before she fell into this ruffian's hands ! Why was there no precipice that she might have thrown herself over it! Wild farewell thoughts flew threw her brain of her father and of tbe faithful Vladislav, whose love she had disdained through tbe fatal infl'*1''*'* of this murderous devil who pursued her. He bad paralysed the emotions of ber heart as well as the decisions of ber wflL From what evil witch bad he purchased the hateful philtre? Still the race went on ; still the man slowly gained upon the exhausted girL At the foot of the hill, which was abont a quarter of a mile from the castle, stood a hazel-bush, and here Drahomira suddenly sank upon her knees and offered a passionate prayer to the Virgin. Her pursuer gave a shout of triumph, and at the same instant, as he strode down tbe bill, tbe Madonna, mild and pitying, appeared in a vision to her kneeling worshipper. ' Holy Mother, have mercy !' The murderer was now almost at the foot of the hill. If the Virgin had a mind to mercy, it be hoved her to be swift \ The man, sure of his victim, slackened bis pace, and came np at a walk. He laid his hand on the rapier that Le carried in his belt, looking round cautiouslv 'Holy Mother of God, must I die on shriven:' ' Sot so,' replied a voice that sounded to her ears like heavenly music It was the voice of Vladislav ! In an instant the terrified girl had darted to bis side and found that not only her lover, but her father and a goodly company of armed men had come to seek ber. 'ihen suddenly she swayed, and tbe air grew black around her. *' No, I iivtl not faint,' she said, groping for support, *4 there is foul and hideous murder to be avenged.' A few moregasping words from her roused tbe little troop to fury. Vladislav had already started in pursuit of the fugitive chief ; the rest followed at a wild gallop? Baron Zwaptolik and Vladislav, both look ing like men distraught, contended for tbe honour of killing the murderer. 'We ronst trap tbe whole band,' said tbe Baron, 'and spear (hem like rats.' 'Or heretics,' suggested one of the caval cade. The murderer, whose one hope of salvation lay in the aid of bis comrades, had fled like the wind up the hill, thus disclosing their bcailquarters to his pursuers. He was just in time to give warning to the robber band, when the Baron and bis followers fell upon them with shouts and fcrocions curses and although the assassins made a desperate re ustance, and sent home several of their utaganute severaly wounded, the whole troop ns overwhelmed and executed without mercy. The rage of the old Baron, as he fought the villains who had plumed such a fate for his daughter, nu tenable to witness. Vladislav and the chieftain had a fierce hand-to-hand combat, m which at last die robber was slain and Vladislav wounded. When every man of the brutal band bad been put to the sword search was made for the body of the murdered bride and her numerous feUow-ncttms. These were all found in the trench which the robbers had dug, and with them the treasures for which the crimes ^w^T been committed. All Bohemia rang with the tidings. For many months Dcabonura lay prostrate after the shock of that night's experience, and her state caused great anxiety. Vladislav came and went incessantly. The old Baron had given a willing consent to his marriage with his daughter should she herself be favourable to his wishes. 'Oh 1 Vladislav, bad I only listened to you sooner, and to the voice of my heart, all this might never have happened! Then she un folded to him all that bad passed, describing her first meeting with the pretended Count in the forest, bis flatteries and respectful gal lantry ; her admiration of him and desire to penetrate the mystery that surrounded him, his request for another meeting and her fatal consent. After that began bis power over her, which at but grew so strong that she became helpless in bis bands, and was forced to obey him, ask what be might. When she saw bim appear as a guest at the castle, she felt terrified, and tried in vain to throw off the spell of bis power. 'And to think that I was here aU the time, and could not save youf Vladislav exclaimed, de spairingly. ** Oh ! my darling, I feared to offend you, or I afr*mlrt have dared more when I saw those strange meetings. But I could not bear that you should regard me as an enemy, or a opy. Will you let me stand at your side and shield you ironi danger all your life ? My love has been laid at jour feet for many a day V Drahomira'fc beautiful eyes filled with teats. 'If you have not lost patience with me, Vladislav? He clasped her in bis arms, scarcely able to syeak for joy. Two months biter Drabo mira stood once more arrayed in her wedding gown before the bloodstained altar of the church on die bill top. It was her wish to be married there, in spite of its horrible assorifr tions. 'I fear at times,' she said to Vladislav, ' as if the man's power— dead though be be — stall haunted me ; if I stand with yon before that altar I shall feel that I bave defied it, ane then X shall at last be free.79 After the wedding the bride and bridegroom descended the hill and knelt before the little shrine which the Baron bad caused to be erected in the spot where the Virgin had appeared to bis daughter, and at this shrine for the rest of their long and happy married life Vladislav and Drabomira offered many a thanksgiving and many a prayer. It is said by the people that even to this day whoso prays at the shrine of Drabomira is sure of a blessing from the ever-pitfnl Virgin, and many are the pfligrims who visit it, The E-t-. 