IK one of Blake's wildoat poems he imagines an angol singing, ns it) wore, a Christmas carol of "mercy, pity and peace" in the skies, and a devil below making the cynical comment, that tiiero could be no mercy if there were no poor, and no pity if there wore no misery, and that peae'o is only the outcomo of mutual fenr. Wo need not allow our Christmas festivities to bo disturbed by oonsiilorations of this kind, The best reply to them is to look back to the condition of the old world before Christ wosborn into it. Tlio most obvious way of describing it is to compare it with tho old Southern States of America, where society was composed of a few wealthy families, a great many mean whites, and a population of slaves. The comparison, however, is too favorable to antiquity, for tlio mean white of South Carolina had at least ail tho nouossaries of life, and did not require the alms of Ii'ih richer neighbor ; but the mean white of anti quity — even if lie were a Roman born, and allied to the governing families of the world — lived in a garret, and got food and clothing from a patron, with occasional assistance and smno plonltmlo of amuse nionts from tho State. Of the slave it inay safoly bo said that ho was oven less pro tected by law and tile Emperor's autho rity than a negro on tlio most Cod for saken plantation of Alabama. Christinas commomoratos tho beginning of tlio grunt cliango Hint has transformed society, and that is gradually bringing in everywhere tho largo humanity of democratic institu tions. In its first days it created tho conception of charity, so that to relieve want nnd RuHbring was accounted an nlmost divino virtue, compensating for many sins, anil at times entitling tho well door of singular dovolion to lie canonised. Gradually it was folt tiiat tlio self respect of tlio toiling multitude had to he considered as well as their pressing wants, and latterly thoro lias boon n dim achso that tho rough process of a strngglofor oxistonco, ill which tho strong and tlio shrewd shouldered their way to tlio front, did not absolutely confer a divino right upon tlioso men or their suc cessors to divide Ilia harvests of successive years among themselves. Wo may take England, tlio oountry of aristocratic ascend ency, as a fair oxamplo of tlio way 111 which domoeratic ideas arc making tlio tour of tho world. Within tho last year primary education iifth boon made costloss, or nearly so; and Sir John (iorst, a member of tho Conservative Administration, 1h propound ing a sysloin of State iiisurnnco by which tho poorest man shall he scout-ad an honor able indopondcnco in his old ngc. Could tlio first followers of our Lord liavo fore seen a time when ignorance and povorty should ho banished out of tlio world, and when tlio alleviation of want should ho a common care, thoro can bo little doubt that they would have acknowledged it to ho tho consummation of their drenms. Democracy, however, Undoubtedly looks forward to something brightor and 111010 comprehensive than it Is on tho ovo of nclilovtng. It desires political oquallty ill the first instance, as the guarantee of Rolf rcspoct, and it hopes that sooial equality may lie developed out of this. It wishes to participate in tlio enjoy- moots, tlio leisure and tlio refinement that tlio privilcgod classes have hitherto mono- poliSod. It desires peace and goodwill among men, because the blood tax is paid chiefly by tlio poor. Our Lord, who hud to disonchant his disciples of tlio belief that Christianity could do Its work in a genera tion, constantly warned them against the days of carnage and raplno that woro impending. It is permissible 111 tlio pro- sent century to hope that tho civilised nations of tlio world will gradually recoil from war with one another, ns men of the saino raoo — English and Americans or North and South Germans— do, and that the Inforior raeoB will first tako tlio law from tho higher, and later 011 ho possossed with the same feelings. No one can ho very sanguino about the rapid attainment of those results. Still, if wo can Imagine that great wars may docrenso to two or 0110 in a century, and become practically inconceivable five hun dred years honco, tlio change would ho one of inexpressible importiuico to tlio human race. It was 0110 of the early objections to Christianity, that it diminished the light- ing poworot 1110 unman umpire, imrisDiaiis taking sorvico reluctantly and tho Christian Church inclining to a doctrine of passive resistance. At present there would ho universal rejoicing if it were folt that Christianity was so pervading 1111 iiifluoncc that armies wore only maintained for pnrado, or at most ns a guarantee against vory shadowy dangers. If, however, the now democracy achieves its purpose, so that work or support is guaranteed to all on honorable terms, and the prospect of war, though not extin guished, becomes so remote as not to enter into practiaal calculations, wo may fairly n«k ourselves if tlio religious significance of such a day ns Christmas will not disappear altogolhor. Tlio period wlion mercy and pity flame to bo recognised as groat moral necessities was ono of transcendant signi ficance) for the human race ; and if these qualities ccaso to bo required because poverty and misery In all renio- diablo forms lmvo disappeared before wiso changes in society, it is impossible to doubt that tlio community at largo will he a gainer. Still, it scums as if thoro would lio somo compensating loss to individual character. Eor many generations myriads of believers who found the world hard to live In have sustained thomsolvos hy tho thought that the divino founder of their faith had taken upon himself povorty and suffering bofore lie took (loath. Tho old Christmas carols dwell lovingly upon tlio Lord's birth in an ox's stall, and upon all tho surrounding incidents of povorty — tlio woodon cradle and tlio swaddling clothes of simple linen. We are approaching tiniOH when this glorification of poverty will have lost a great deal of its meaning. To the ricii Christinas has been welcome inunother way, as a season when a good dual of graceful beneficence might be (liHuscd within hurting tho solf respect of those whoso wants wore ministered to. The Christmas dole is fortunately very little known or needed in Australian communities ; and it does not seem very extravagant to look forward to tho time when insti tutions like the Immigrants' IIoillo shall liavo passod away, because there are no destitute. That tho Stale will ho healtliior when each of its members is thoroughly independent can hardly lie doubled ; and it may lie that there is not much which Is really Valuable in tlio solf complaconcy of the English squire, who lins given his five pounds to promotu tlio physical comfort of Ids tenantry, and who allows liiniBolf to forget that they live in liovols, are miserably paid, and, as a consequonoo, are insullieiontly clothed and ted all tho year through. Still, it is inconteslably better that a man should recognlso sooial duties and feel general kindliness during one wook in tiie year than that lie should > ho uniformly apatltotic; and it is to lie presumed that as Christmas ceases to call out the feeling 01 general beneiicohco it will he more and mora dwarfed into a family festival. Perhaps it lias already conic to ho tills more than anything else among ourselvos. Wo must trust to human nature with its infinite fertility of resource for gradually developing some now form of sympathy by which citizens may ho drawn nearer to ono anotlior on tlio great days of rejoicing. Porhaps as tho artificial barriers botwecli classes are removed, it may ho found possible to unito more broadly than is at present dona in appropriate holiday making. Meanwhile, it may ho well to remember that, even if wealth comes toho more equally distributed, so that Christmas dolcB should he regarded as an impertinence and fall inevitably into disuse, oven in the old world, the occasions of sympathy are cer tain never to ho wanting. Losses of for tune, sickness and heruavcmailt will con tinue to all time to trouble men, and it is concolvablo that society will ho more firmly comontod together when kindly feeling docs not hold itsolf hack till tliore is actual dostitution needing to lie rcliuved. It is possiblo, too, that as tho higher education is extended to nil there will l>o the oonimon link of intellectual sympathies botweon 111011 who are widely separated hy fortune. It must ho admitted howover that these feelings will liavu 110 natural connection with Christmas ; and it really seoins safo to say that tlio Import ance we now attnoli to the sacred season for tho large humanities it calls out will become less and less as wo learn to distri bute our good footings over the year. Meanwhile, for thosa who livo in the time of transition thoro is thodoublo interest, that wo can take Christmas as wo have received it, and look forward to tlio holler timo when its highest significance will linvo passod into our wliolo Uvea Wiikn a loading, theatre in a city llk0 Melbourne lias to keop Uh doors closed at tho best sanson of tlio year for lack of patronago, thoro would sooin to he some truth in tho averments of tho critics that tlio stago is losing its hold on popular cstoam. Itisoasylo attrlbuto tho fact to business depression, hut past experience docs not warrant this ready method of accounting for it. Precisely at period., wlion the badnosa of tho times bin bran matter of common complaint the thuntrci lias nourished, tho explanation ot i|la phenomenon usually accordod holng that pooplo seek relief from uiicoinfortnblo memorios and forebodings hy diverting tlioniHolvos in tlioir hours of leisure. The root of tlio troublo lies . doopor than this, and may originate in cuuees appertaining to tlio ordinary run of entertain- monl ofl'ored by tlio theatres. For some reason or other iv man of fair intelligence and cducnlion, on tlio rare occasions when ho mnlcoB up his mind to attend tlio tlicntre eii fautiUe, does not relish tho undcrtaldn". If his position in tho world demands that ho shall figure in tlio dross circle, the dinner, " that blissful institution," lias to lio hastily negotiated, and tlio easy raiment of privacy exchanged for a coslumo which most 111011 regard with unmitigated avorsion. Arrived at tlio thootro, unless llioro bo somothiiig specially nttrnclivo on tho programme, I10 finds tlio seats Init ludf oeottpicd, and probably discorns no one present witli whom lie lias tuuro than a nodding acquaintance. For conversation before the play bogins and between tiio acts lio is relegated to tho wife of hie bosom or tlio daughter of his household, and discovers nothing particularly now or strange to say to llioin, or they to him. Not uncommonly it will ho soon lio lias surreptitiously deposited a newspaper in ills pocket, and hotakes himself to Its Columns wlioncver tlio uptnrnod lights givo him tlio olinncc. If tlio " waits" ftro protracted ho leaves the circle, although ready to admit that it is not " good form" to do so, and explores the euffi for n gloam of satisfaction. Christie Murray, writing on tlio Kcnaissanue of tlio fit age in tlio Contemporary, sayB that Charles Iteudo onco declared to him, in his sententious fashion— " Tlio man wliu " aspircB to please tlio puhlio as novelist or "dramatist has to do throo things only : " lie must mnko his audience wait, " mako it laugh, and make it cry; " hut lio must not mako it wait too long." Iteudo was rcforring to tlio evolution of plot wlion lie spoke of waiting, hut our theatrical managers kaop their patrons waiting, in a very literal sense, while the stago is being slowly dressed for tlio next tableau. Tlicro is 110 dramatic rcsurl in Melbourne as yet hlossod with an liydraullo movable stage, so that the per formance of ono act and preparation for tlio next may ho simultaneously accomplished, and tho curtain need to ha only lowered tor tuo Halt minute required for tho oliango of compartments. Wlion thoro Is this latest Improvement the trade of tho adjoining bars may suffer, hut many n wearied occupant of the theatre will rejolco. It is upon tlio character of tlio plays pro- (lnoed, ltowcvcr, and their manner of enactment, that the indictment of tho modern tiioatro chiefly bases itsolf. Outside the realm of simplo balloon- ory and burlcsquo there is so little genuilio ability manifested. IIow abso lute genius will draw lias been demon strated, in Australia as clsowlicrc, by the results of the Sara Bernhardt seasons, when dress cirolo coinpotcil with stalls and pit in orowde and animation ; hut genius iB too subtle and rare to rely on for a regular treasury asset. On tlio occasions when it puts in an appearance, no drama, howovor anclaut or classical, can ciicek tho popular enthusiasm. Really great acting partakes of tlio mysterious, as does greatness in any art. It iB recorded of Bottorton that although his countenance was natuialiy ruddy and sanguine, during his performance of llamlct it instantly turned as wlilto ns Iiis neckcloth, through tho violent anil suddon emotion of amaze ment nnd horror at tlio presence of his fatlior's spcotro, and his whole body soemod to ho affected witli a strong tremor. Ire looked as appalled ns if nn actual glioBb woro before hiin, nnd tlio spectators shared his apparent terror. In the ltichardsoniana, tlio story is told of how, the first timo Bootli attempted to play the ghost to Bottorton's llamlct, the tragedian's aspect completely unnerved ilim, and lie could not speak his part. Most old playgoers can recall similar incidents at remote intervals. There is no complaint of puhlio indifference when actor or actress approaching this cali bre can bo socurod, hut what is wanted is, if possiblo, to rehabilitate tlio theatre in tlio popular estimation, so that it may regain tlio position it hold with our fathers nnd grand fathers. A remarkahlo movement in this direction is boingdovelopod both in Franco and England, although it lias not yet made its impress on this part of the world. Mr. William Archor, a well known London critic, affirms that in consequence of this perturbation tho life of the play goer " lias becomo distinctly worth " living — nt intervals — ovou for thosa " wiio aro not contont to lcavo their " brains, witli their umbrellas, in tho " vestibule," Tho contontion of the new Holiool of theatre patrons is that tlio stago, if it is to ho onco more a force in society, as it indubitably has boon at various epochs in tlio past, must bo '' free " to work out whatever mission it is capable of. Where there are State theatres, us on tlio Etiropoan Continent, the classical driuna retains its footing in a way that would otherwise ho impossible, and a soliool of acting is sustainou 01 lmmcnso ouucauuui" value. But a subsidised theatre is essen tially Conservative and tlio now school aro Radicals to a man. Tlicy maintain that for tlio restoration of modern drama to a pliteo in tlio esteem of cul tured men tlio theatre must bo kept, for a time, independent alike of tlio Stato nnd of tlio commercial manager. " That which is newest, subtlest and most " truly alivo in art," tlioy assort, " will " novor appeal to the crowd, and therefore " ennnot have 'monoy in it.'" In olhot arts than tlio dramatic thoro is less need for combination, because litera ture, painting, sculpture, music, remains though its creator may starve. Rut tho union of original dramatic composition and high class acting can only ho brought about hy aooial effort. It is with this end in view that tho FrOo Stago is receiving support from 1111 increasing number of enthusiasts. Tlio Thi&tra; Libre, established hy M. Antoino, in Paris, isan admittodsuccoss, and a scetion of the citizens, especially tlio younger ones, have eagerly welcomed it. A society lias been formed for its mainten ance witli tlio direct viow to tile production of u " progressive, experimental, unconvcn- " tional drama." During the tlireo years of Us oxistonco it lias beod an acknow ledged forea in tlio great theatrical capital, and lias brought far more lalunt to tlio front than all tlio other theatres put to gether. This rnovemont in England has beon identified with tho plays of Ifenrik Ihson, but it Is a mistake to Bupposo that it has not far wider issues than attach to tho 