THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS, ‘I wodld give a million dollars fora stomach,’ said a wealthy American recently Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal o! money, but ho was not able to buy tho article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all ho had for one thing he hadn’t got. Here is his story, nnd ho shall tell it in his own way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say, ‘ Dp to S years ago I had never lost an hours’ work through sickness. Iu December, 1SS2, whilst living at Bceston, near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, tho latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ‘ fill up ’ and my throat would swell so I couldn’t button my shirt at tho neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a rackiug cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at tho nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. 1 became exhausted and short of breath aud had to call to call the doctor, aud was iu bed five or six weeks. ‘ 1 then went as out-patient to tho Notting ham Hospital, and after atteuding there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about and my friends said it.was all up with me. For eighteen mouths I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air' So I came to Darley Abbey and my funner master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ‘ You are in galloping consumption, and must die ; thootherdoctors, after sounding myluogsaud chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. 1 Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this nntil December, 1SSS. when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm, would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and p-.rched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My' tongue was like a piece of brown leather and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. ‘ I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. • The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 4 I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungsare diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ‘ Well you wont cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another”world.’ ‘ About the middle of March, 1SS9, a neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ‘ Tom did you ever try Mother Seigels ? and told me how he had been curedalterbeing in the hospital. He spoke so much in praiseof this medicine that I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Vic toria street. After the first dose I had a racuation black os ink, vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three davs my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight 1 went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and 1 told him. as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel’s Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and had never lost a day’s work ‘ Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel’s Syrup for six months I was strong ns ever in my life and have confined so ever since.’ In giving his consent to the publication of this remarable statement, Er Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abby, who is acquanted with all the facts alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abby, 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ; Not galloping, certainly (as one of the doctors thought) or he would have galloped into his grave in les3 than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. Mis complaint was ehrOnic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh) which has June symptoms like consumption, for which” it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy. Mother Seigcl’s Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificeut preparation. We heartly congratulate Mr Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to allthinkino poeple, ° 