SAM MORRISON'S EXPERIENCES. * By FRANCIS MYERS. CHAPTER X. Strickland sold his horse and gear at Tam- worth and got by train to Melbourne. It is not necessary to follow him step by step or stage by stage. He was as one who had both surrennered his own will and raised a devil for company's sake. He knew that he had acted madly in parting thus from the publi- can, though he believed that he had been dogged by him, that the man was master of at least a portion of his secret, and that he would surely use it. He blamed himself that he had not destroyed the camp with its con- ents, but still he felt a sense of personal security in the rejection, "There is abso- lutely no evidence that he has been killed ; let them prove it" He even began to imagine a trial scene and the attempt to prove a charge of murder, and his own calm defence thereto ; but, just as he was fashioning out the unanserahle defence, his will was seized again, his mind overshadowed, a beseeching, imploring con- straining beset and bewildered him. Many times this happened in the railway journey, and more than once he felt disposed to leap from the carriage windows and end it. He would have done so, but that he had a fast grip on the life of the present and little belief and no hope in the future. He had no rational idea as to the cause of his troubles. It might be some affection of the brain. It might be some strange psychological effect produced by the combinations of drugs he had handled. He thought over all the ex- periment and its results, at times even imagined that he would in some other way repeat it. He saw discoveries and develop- ments which might be made wonderful powers in his hands, or fulcrums rather, whereon to rest the levers of his own powers ; but just when some flame of expectation was warming him with direct appeal to his own selfishness, memory came as with fa sharp cut of a man's open hand, and fear as blow of a clenched fist striking him down, and then, the supernatural, the indefinable attack on mind and will, as a two-edged sword dividing bone and marrow. He cowered down at such times in his corner of the railway carriage, and buried his jaw his rug, conscious of the pity or aversion, he knew not which, of his fellow-travellers. "Still it will wear away," he said, And so it might have done, but——— It will be remembered that Sam had an elder brother, Jem, who had taken certain steps when an earlier period in this development some little difficulty had been ....* The right of publishing this work has been pur- chased by the proprietors of "The Australian." found in giving an answer to his very plain question "Where's Sam ?" And also that Jem had taken some active steps towards obtaining satisfaction in the matter. When Strickland left Melbourne suddenly, he imagined that he had gone home, and having but a bushman's instinct and a very vague idea of "home" he took end a vcy M, 1)oat and made straight to London. He hardly knew what he expected to find there, but luckily there was a cable- gram with instructions to wait for advices by mail. These, duly received from the Mel- bourne solicitors, suggested that he should begin his quest if possible from the time Strickland and Sam parted in Germany. They contained also introductions to solicitors and other agents who could be employed with safety. Armed and aided thus Jem made rapid headway. A fortnight later he was in Wurtemburg, in a room whose interior had witnessed a strange scene some months before. The same old man sat there and answered the earlier questions of his in- terogator easily enough. "Yes, he had known the youth mentioned." "Well, sir, I am his brother." "Ney, answered the old man, :I should not have thought that; but these things are spiritual. You now do not aspire, and yet had you been taught, educated aright, you might have fulfilled the other part. You are truthful, you are earnest, and you love your brother." ^ "If you will excuse me, sir, I'm in some hurry. I've lost my brother, and have come here to find him, and should take it as a favour if you could lend me any assist- ance." There was something like the ghost of a flush on the old man's face, and an earnest- ness in his voice as he answered — "Thou hast lost thy brother ; tell me all." "There is not much to tell, sir. He was sent home under the care of a Mr. John Strickland, a doctor, whom I believe you knew." "Whom I did know, and prove," inter- polated, rather than answered, the old man. But the other's attention was caught by the word "prove." "How did you prove and what did you make of him ?" he asked. "Nay, that is beyond thee ; proceed with the story." "With all respect, sir, I think it is for you to proceed. What did you know of Sam ? What of his relations with Strickland ? How did they live here ? Where did they part, and did Strickland act towards him as a guardian should ?" "I will tell what I may, friend." "Why not tell what you know ?'' "Restrain all anger, young man, I tell you I love that youth, and my will is to serve him and you. His friend was not, I should say, a true guardian. He left the lad solely to his own devices. His own life was gay, the lad's after a sort studious. The man was keen for worldly pleasure, the boy pure in thought and deed. Nor was there any possible com- panionship between them ; the boy's mind was above that of the man's, and the habit of the man would be to despise the boy be- cause he understood him not. It is ever so." " Did they ever quarrel ?" "I should say not. I should deem it to have been impossible." ''Do you know where and why they parted ?" "I know that the lad went to England, foolishly seeking occult knowledge in the study of diseased minds." "Do you know that that infernal scoun- drel got him shut up in a lunatic asylum, and kept back a cablegram announcing his father's death for several weeks, and then got him out by some infernal scheme or another, and by God, I believe has in some fashion murdered him, and then come back to Australia alone, and claimed a £10,000 legacy left him by father for his care of Sam, and told a cock-and-bull yarn about Sam having gone to Germany on some fool's busi- ness ? I beg your pardon, but he used your name as a professor of occult science, and said Sam had returned to study with you ; told it to old Thomas Dean, our neighbour, though to other folks he mentioned no names." The old man looked sorely perplexed. He turned to the drawer beside him, and took out the parchment leaves, looked at them carefully, counted them, and then said, shaking his head sadly, "Nay, that cannot be ; it is impossible." ''What is impossible ?" Herr Möser made no answer, but thought profoundly, and at length summoned his housekeeper. Without the slightest reserve he asked her if she remembered the day when the Englishman, the doctor his friend, came to visit, and awaited his return. The good dame contrived through many words and much matter to fix the man and the day, and as to the time, it was, as nearly as she could judge, the time of the Herr's daily walk. The English doctor cam in very soon after the Herr had taken his departure, within the half-hour she should judge, and beyond that she knew nothing. "It is well," said Herr Möser, and the dame withdrew. Jem waited a while, the old professor sitting in his chair, with his head bowed down on the desk. The young man was puzzled ; there seemed to be some humbug about all this. He got up at length. "Do you propose to tell me anything, or must I make a judicial inquiry into your conduct, which seems, at least, extraordinary ?" Then the old man turned about and met him, his face overshadowed with an exceed- ingly great trouble, and his eyes strangely aglow. "Can you bring me to speech of this John Strickland ?" "I would give ten thousand pounds to have speech of him myself." "But you say he returned to Australia." "So he did, and when we began to ques- tion him vanished suddenly. I thought he had come back to England, and took passage myself, trusting to pick him up, and if I couldn't do that, to good after Sam, and you see what a mess I'm in. See here, Mr. Moser, I am looking after my brother, and you know something about him. I don't want to be rude or brutal, but I tell you it will go hard with anyone who baulks me. "Take care that thou baulkest not thy- self," said the professor. "And now answer me something, and with care. Have you any fair assurance that your brother did not "return to Australia ?" "Well, yes. We know he did not come out Strickland, and we have searched all passenger lists of all the ships, and make other inquiries, too. We cannot dis- cover he returned. His last letters were from London, and they are about nine months old." "You saw Strickland in Australia ?" "Yes, of course I did. I told you so. I saw him in Melbourne, and on the station, too." "Tell me carefully now, how did he look ? Did you note any change in him from the man you knew of old — any startling change ?" "I haven't seen the dog for ten years, but he seemed to me to look all right — smooth and sleek and cunning as a dingo." "That is good — it was not then accom- plished." " What was not accomplished ? For God's sake, man, can't yon speak out ?" "Calmly and softly, son. I will help you, if help is possible, and now I will advise. This man Strickland is — must be — living. You will not have difficulty in finding him. The instant he is seen you must let me know, and I will go to him with you. The moment I meet John Strickland face to face I will tell yon news of your brother, and maybe I will restore him to you. But seek him not alone, and do nothing without me, or you will find all your troubles increase." Jem snorted, and sighed, and smiled super- ciliously, but the old man checked his in- tended words with uplifted hands. " Nay, nay, be ruled, be wise. I will ac- company you to your own land, to your own people ; I will place myself unreservedly in your power. Waste not your strength, young man ; a time may come when you shall have need to use it all." " I am afraid I am wasting time," said the young man petulantly. " Waste no more, then," was the answer ; " but take this as instruction or advice as it seem good to you. Continue your quest in your own way, and if good comes of it, it is good, but if, before you find or hear of your brother, any tidings reach you of this man Strickland, set a watch on him, and let it be effective. Send also to me, and I will go with you, and as I have said, declare to you the moment our eyes meet what hope you may have of meeting with your brother." " You will not tell me what you know then ?" " I have nought to tell." "Will you see my solicitors or allow them to nnme representatives here or in Berlin ?" "The case is not one in which solicitors can aid." Jem, incredulous, ignorant, yet full of genuine affection for his brother, and, as he held, righteous wrath against this old im- postor, who was both humbugging him with pretence and concealing matters of impor- tance, burst out, " By God, sir, if things were as they once were, in this fusty old town of yours, I would see what rack and thumb- screw could do to make you speak truth and sense, and if you were in our country I would have you arrested for connivance in this matter." "Nevertheless," said the old man, "re- member what I have said, and I in the mean time will work with you, helping so far as I may." Jem left without either thanks or adieux, and fuming inwardly, hurried down to his hotel. He wanted to see a solicitor or some- thing of the sort ; he desired to know if it might not be possible to have the old pro- fessor up and submit him to some examina- tion. He got introduced with some trouble to a man of law, who, of course, in a very few minutes, showed him that he could do nothing in the matter. And Herr Möser too ! More than a quarter a century attached to the university, of blameless life, charitable, well-beloved— "You are mad, my young Herr ; you are mad. The brother will come back, and then you shall be sorry for bad feeling to the old man of the university." There was no comfort to Jem in this. He took train for London the same day, but the man of law was not a little surprised when towards the evening the professor came to him, and with money, begging him to open up communication with Sydney and with Mel- bourne, whereby one John Strickland, the doctor, fully described, should be sought after, and, if found, watched with zeal and discretion, news of his movements being wired daily to Germany. The professor desired also to raise an immediate loan on certain properties he held, so that a consider- able sum in gold should be available. Jem went to London and desired his lawyers to go like bulldogs at the lunatic asylum man, but he was found quite un- assailable ; the patient had been regularly admitted and discharged, there were the medical certificates. The only thing peculiar was that in the certificate for his discharge the name of Strickland appeared. They had been to- gether then so recently as that. Away went the private detectives, wasting time and money to no good purpose. And yet they did discover that somebody who looked like Strickland and his companion had been seen in Liverpool on the day of the departure of the New York packet, and, by a little luck, it was found that the captain of that boat, being then in port, had memory of a pas- senger who answered to the description of Sam. Jem's mind was made up to leave instantly for America, when a cablegram reached him ; — "John Strickland has arrived in Mel- bourne." What should he do now ? It may be that passion decided this matter — the ever-growing fierce desire to meet Strickland face to face — to take him by the throat, if necessary, and choke confession out of him. He bade his agents prosecute the inquiries in America, and himself took ship for Mel- bourne. He was much annoyed and a little ashamed when at Brindisi, with a few Euro- pean and overland passengers, Herr Möser of Wurtemburg stepped aboard. The old man did not speak to him for a day or two, and then only casually, and not on the matter which lay nearest to his heart. But ere a week had passed he had explained that the objects of their journeys were iden- tical, and that he would do what he could in his own way to aid in the recovery of Sam. And before they sighted the Australian shore Jem had almost grown to love the old man, in whose gentle nature there seemed to be room for no guile. 