BUFFALO BILL ORDERED TO THE FRONT. THE GHOST DANCER. When the mail left Buffalo Bill had been ordered to the seat of the Indian tremble. Colonel Cody's destination was Netraka. The State Militia was said to be ready for service at an hour's notice. In an interview Colonel Cody said: " I shall pro bably proseed directly to RmhviUe, 31 miles bom Fine :Bidge. When do I expert the trouble will btgin ? Well, it h like guessing il grata is four inches longer than yon would ex pect it to be evety sight. As it ia a time of the year when everything ia against an out break, no bad Indian still retaining a modioum of sense will go oaths warpath, onleaa he bu food for bis hone and himself. With the fanatical Sioux, who ate now deacing from enntet to enniUe it ia different. They belieTe they are serving the Great Spirit, They believe they axe celebrating the coming of the Messiah, Then will be trouble nnless the dancea aie stopped. What appears most cainoiu to me ia the widespread iLflaenoe of the Messiah movement. The Indians do not telegraph end ao not write letters, and yet all the Western tribes, from the coast of the AliFEittippi, and from British Colombia to Arizona, are dancing the Ghoaf Dance, and locking forward to the coming ol the Great Leader, They will dance, je'J, and tear their bodies rota they are fairly wild; then go and Ecalp defenceless aelUera. On the other hand, the interference of the soldiers may piecititote a war, no that it looke bad either way. Of all bad Indians Sitting Ball ia the worst. Swk Bear and Bed Shirt, who are fighting chiefs. will do whatever is necflssazy to defeat Sitting 8011\. Tfeeae wen with me. Sitting 801 l will always be found with the distuning element. If there ia no dutarbing element he will foment cue. He is a dangeioru Indian, and hia conduct bow portends trouble." Dispatches to the New TorJc World and the Morning Journal state that seven settlers were umrdered by Indians near Libeau, a tettlement in South Dakota. A Herald special cetretpondrnt bbjb that the settlers of Potter snd lJalworth counties, in Sooth Dakota, were fleeing for their lives. Five hundred Indians armed for war crowed the Miaaoori River at the month ol Grant River. No soldier* were Bear. If, therefore, the Indiana meant to naeMCie the acttlerr, the only chance they had left was in flight, and their chance of escape in tbat way was a very poor one. Old Bed Olond. who was disposed to be fiiecdly to the whites, waa the leadter of the Fort IPbD Kearney mastaere. He had a eon with tbe Ghost Dancer*, who m looking for, ward to a chance, of winning his spars. The bt?t figbtirg blood of tbe S'oox and Gheyennea was represented amo?g the Danoera. Tbe Ghent Dance has teldom been witnested by a white man, bat an American paper decorihes cue of them as teen from a di* tanee by en entcrpiiaiog contributor, who pertnaded & friendly half breed to take him to the spot. The dance began at dark, and, though the old tqvaws had carefully raked oat tbe fire* a bUze wiuog from tbejn now and then re vealed the tact that tbe braves were in full wer taint. The watxiora formed ia iojcs at tbe i astern end of tbe csrep, tfoise ia front ti.ffc!i|jp, with the jotrcg baefc* bd! >q-<a*s aacding belied thrm. At thin p^iot ihsre vt.t & pawee of about ten a>ic.ncea. darinff which pt-rfect ti'.cac" and ?b«oiate iai lEcbility jirtrailcd. Then tbe y.i rquwi joittd bstde and fecelt do*n ia tbe cclie cl the valley. They began cauit itp wbat Boanded like a dirge, varied by eavsgely triumphant yella. Toe trarrioa ad vatced. asd joisisg hands in a lamer cirole be hied the old equawa. they be^an the Ghost Dance. Thtv. too, chanted a dirge, bating ebrilly than the eqnawa. sad theD came the in vocation to the. <?ead bravea to atiie and exter ruinate tbe white men. The old women, mean while, bad each procured a burning stick that bad apparrntly been dipped in tome kind of pitch. Ktlnrning with these they etolejike ehadows ntder the linked arms of tbe warriors cod pawed throo?h thfl drda like a prMesttoa ci cDbiozes, This was repeated sgata and eeain. It? eaij that the daaoe UUs till day light, when everyone oonoerned in it is more or lew tihaotted. That the warpaint of the. biavF? means a deadly intention to the whites v nnlottnuately but too clear, 