TOWN TALK. The following news matter appears on the fourth page :—Commercial, Accounts at the Treasury, Special Cablegrams, Warrnambool, The Forestry Question, The Government and the Railway Commissioners, Geelong Police Court. The Premier is in receipt of a tender from Mr Higgins for tiie cutting of the Geelong bar by his Von Schmidt dredge. ITc, how ever, regards the price asked by Mr Higgins as altogether too high, and lias no intention of accepting it. lie has advised the Mayor of Geelong accordingly, so that lie should not call the proposed public meeting to consider the subject. The existing system of dredging by the Jolin Nimuio will therefore con tinue. So many statements have been made in regard to the time it is expected will be taken in cutting the new channel off Point Henry, that those interested in the completion of the short cut into Corio Bay, are begin ning.to despair. It was stated about a fort night since, 011 the authority of tlio hon. Jas. Munrotliat tlicdredgc John Nimmo wouldnot be removed until she completes the cutting of tho channel. Now, however, it is asserted that the Minister of Public "Works has determined to have the Nimmo shifted to the South Channel as soon as possible, as tho deepening of that entrance to • Hob - sou's Bay, is considered essentially necessary, and is viewed as being more of a national character that the cutting of a new channel at Point Henry. Although Mr Higgins, the owner of tho Von Schmidt dredge, stopped negotiations between the department and liiuiseif for the use of his dredge, through the excessive price of his tender, it is still believed an arrangement may be effected which will bring tho Von Schmidt to tho work at Corio Bay. The traffic arrangements at the local rail way station were considerably upset last evening owing to an accident which befel tho train that left tho metropolis for Geelong at 1.25, after tho Port Fairy express, and should have arrived hero under ordinary cir cumstances at 0 o'clock. It appears that when tho train was within two miles of Lara one of the eccentric straps of the engine broke, with the result that the locomotive was disabled. The driver, however, managed to proceed as far as the Lara statiou, and iu-t telligence of the mishap was telegraphed from that place to the railway ofticials a, Geelong. The stair system was suspended aud the pilot engine was sent to Lara in order to bring on the disabled train, which did not arrive at the station until 10 minutes past eight o'cloek, or more than two hours after the usual liiuc. Mot withstanding the delay occasioned by the accident, the evening train to Ballarat, wliicli usually leaves Gee long at 0.30, and the train to Quccnscliif at G.25 were got awnv within a few minutes after the arrival of the delayed train from Melbourne owing to the eflicieut arrange ments of Mr Stephens, the district trailie superintendent, and Mr Hunter, the station master. Another result of the accident was that the train leaving Melbourne at 7.30 did not arrive here until 0.17, hut the 0.30 train for Melbourne was got away at 0.50, which, under the circumstances, was extremely satisfactory to travellers. A collector of marine curiosities in this district, and one who is especially' noted for wreck trophies was victimised on Sunday last. On the previous day ho had purchased the right to the tiguro-hcad of the ship Joseph II. Scainmell, wrecked near Spring Creek, and which was said to ho lying on the beach near Bream Creek. A liorso and waggon were procured, and after a toilsome journey through heavy sand the locality was reached, but to the chagrin of the collector of wreck curios aud his friends, that portion of the wreck desired was found to have been sawn oil'and removed. All that was left of Clio adornment to the bows of tbc ill-fated sliip was a piece of the | figure head, which was not considered at tractive enough to cut away from the prow of the wrecked ship. In our obituary notices is the name of Mr Archibald Douglas, who was identified with Geelong inasmuch as he was one of the founders and first president of the Comunn Ma Fcinne, a society established in 1S5G. lie was a thorough Highlander, and Gaelic | scholar. He look a great interest in educa tion and was the means of gcttiug the I society to offer prizes for the best scholar in [ tlic county of Grant. Bxaminatious for many years were lieltl yearly in writing, I arithmetic, grammar, history, geography, algebra, and cuclid, the prizes being- certifi cates, books, silver and gold medals. Many who were lads at school in those days now hold prominent positions, and, as remarked by the lion. Jas. Mmiro the other week at the Gordon College, " they were to be found all over the colonies, aud espeeiallj- in Mel bourne, holding high places of trust." Some dissatisfaction lias been expressed in the Bellavine district regarding the delay that has taken place in the appointment of gentlemen to act as justices of the peace. The district is not numerously represented on the list of magistrates for the bailiwick, and several who formerly resided in Bellariue have permanently removed from the sliiro, whilst the vacancies created have not been filled. It is urged that care should bo taken in tlio selection of gentlemen to occupy tbc position of magistrate to secure the services of residents who have made pemiaueut homes for themselves and their families, so as to guard against loss by the migration of jus tices from one bailiwick to another. Last evening six waggons containing dutiable goods from the wreck of . the ship Joseph H. Soammell at Spring Creek arrived in Geelong under police escort. Tlio goods were deposited in the stores of the Custom House department. It is intimated in our advertising columns by Mr Chas. Sommers, agent for tho purchasers of the goods from the wreck, that persons retaining salvage goods will be prosecuted, whilst liberal reward will bo paid for information leading to tho recovery of any goods removed from the beach. Cobb and Co. also intimate that a coach will leave their oifieo 1 inMalop-stroet for Spring Creek" daily at 0.30 a.m., returning from the creek at four p.m. ""as r°Ported tf> tlio police at Qucens cltif on Sunday that a party of younir men who were returning from a shooting "excur sion misconducted themselves in a verv scnous manner. When tliev readied the hut occupied by severa1 Chinamen, at a place c-illcd the Springs, near Queeuscliir. two or three of the young fellows either wilfully or recklessly discharged their gnus at the celestial's hut, believing,"go it is asserted, that the Chinamen wore away from home. As a matter of fact the Chinamen were Iving in their bunks, and the shots iired from the guns pissed dangerously close to the men's heads. On ascertaining that the hut u as occupied, and fearing detection, they hastily ran away,- leaving their horse and ii°n%rd'"1C° "l0 c'oso by, and one of c uiinmeu quickly secured possession of both and drove off for the police. It is understood that the names of five of tl.o persons implicated in the outrage have been taken by the police with the view of institu ting a prosecution. 1,st °f the handicaps for the .Meredith athletic sports to be held on M011 ay next, is published in our advertising columns. Eighteen competitors have en tered for the Meredith Handicap (three istances), twelve for the Hurdle Eace, nine for the District Jtace, twelve for the Mile Knee, twelve for the Go-as-you-please, cloven for the Putting the Stone event, eight for the ■Boys' Race, and twelve for the Eunuina Jump. As announced, the Eev. Charles Clark will pay a flying farewell' visit to Gcclong, and will appear on Monday next (Queen's Birth day) at the Mechanics' Institute. The oratorical powers of Mr Clark to move an audience irresistibly to tears or laughter arc well known throughout Australia. Even those who have not had the pleasure of hoar lug him have read of his name and famo 111 that respect. The Eev. Charles Clark's lectures are no mere delivery of earefullv prepared discourses, but are eloquent com positions, interspersed with humorous passages and dramatic incidents, and are given without book or note. In giving evidence before the Eoyal Com mission appointed to inquire into and report upon the condition of the charitahte institu tions in Victoria, the secretary of the Mary borough Hospital (Mr W. E. Avison) recently stated that the majority of medical men ad mitted tlmt female nurses should ho "cnerally employed in hospitals. He pointed out, however, that in most of tlio country insti tutions this would entail considerable extra expense in providing nurses' quarters,because nurses could not he placed on the same footing as domestic servants, and proper arran-e ments must bo nwdo for their comfort. He thought that there should he a uniform K3"Steiri of hook-keeping throughout the various institutions, tickets of recommenda tion aud other details of working should be uniform, and books and forms used should bo supplied by the Government at the cost of the institutions. Dr. Dunn, the resident surgeon of the Maryborough institution, agreed with Mr Avison that it would he ndvisablo to have one common set of forms for all hospitals, and the chairman of the Commission, Professor Morris, said that it was an excellent idea, aud one that had not been sug'g'cstccl to thein. before. A narrow escape from a. serious accident occurred yesterday morning to a cabman named James M'Shnne. He was driving his cab through "West Geelong, and when Hear ing Mr Sccnoy's store, the horse took fright at some children dragging empty boxes along tlio footpath. During tlio course of the animal's career the driver held 011 to the reins pluckily, although the horse kicked violently, smashing the splashboard, thus endangering him considerably. It was not until lie reached the railway station that the driver succeeded in getting it under con trol, fortunately without more serious damage than that mentioned. It is J1W1 time such practices, wl.ieh are so commonly indulged in by children in our suburbs, shuuld be put a stop to, or confined to places where there is no vehicular traffic, or its conse quences 111:13* he more serious. At the Ballarat Juvenile Exhibition the St. Augustine's Orphanage has been awarded the following medals and prizes:—Ferdinand ICnaffki, a gold medal for a hand-made suit of clothes ; Thomas llyan, a silver medal for an improvement in and the workmanship on a school desk: Patrick Brew, a silver medal for a liand-madc suit of clothes; Joliu Far relh*, James ICnaffki, Kobcrt M'Xulty, and Thomas Proctor, first- class certificates for liand-mado suits of clothes; Hugh Brew, a first-class certificate for two pairs of boots; John O'Neill and "Win. K3-.au, second- class certificates ; and Edward Knuncy, honorable mention. This speaks well for the work car ried on at the above institution. The caso of the lad Thomas Stonc*mau,who lias been frequently brought under notice in connection with the theft of £20 worth of fanc3* goods from Messrs II. Franks and Co., b}* whom he was employed as a runner, was finall3* dealt with by the Boncli at tho Police Court on Saturdnt". Supt. Tooliey intimated that nearly* nil the property taken by the bid had been recovered, and as Mr Fielder did not wish that the prosecution should b e proceeded with lie recommended that the bo3* should be allowed oft with a caution. Mr "Why to stated that the b03*'s parents in tended to send him to the country, where he would be out of mischief. Mr Heron recom mended that tho boy should lie sent away to the countr3* for a time and removed from flic temptation of town life. His brother, who appeared in court, promised that this would bo done, and tlic boy was cautioned nnd discharged. Tlic receipts 011 the Government linos of railway* for the week ending Ma3* 1-ltli, ISO I, amounted to £35,9-1 5, as compared with £51,155 Is 8d, for the corresponding period in 1890. Passengers, parcels, etc., £25,90S 5s, as against £2G,-150 lis Sd in 1S90. Merchandise, minerals, and cattle £29,970, 15s as against £2S,00*1 10s for the corresponding period in 1890. Aggre gate to tliisdate from lstJul3*, 1890, £2,933,781 5s Id, as against £2,7SG,791 15s 2d in 1890. Weekfy* average for 10 weeks, £03,777 ISs Id, as against £G0,5S2 Ss 7d. Miles open 2732; 1890, 2130. Three lunacy cases were dealt with by the Bench at the Police Court on Saturday, and the patients in every case were females. A young woman residing at Leopold was dis- charged, as she had recovered her senses. A married woman named Elizabeth Taylor, whose husband has deserted her and whose children were committed to the Industrial Schools a few days ago, was stated by Supt. Toohey to be utterly friendless. Dr. Pincott gave evidence that the patient was full of delusions, and not having any friends to take care of her, was unfit to be at large. This opinion was concurred in by Dr. Small, and the Bench committed the patient to Kew. A young married woman named Mary Stokes was the third patient brought before the Bench. Dr. Carstairs informed the Bench that the woman had improved during the time she had been under examination at the Hospital, and he believed that she would soon fully recover her senses if remanded for another week. Dr. Small gave similar evi- dence, and said that it appeared that the patiout was afflicted with periodical fits of temporary mental derangement. The patient was accordingly remanded for a week. At St. Patrick's Cathedral 011 Mint Suu da3*, n special service was held at i 1 o'clock | in the forenoon, tlie occasion being also tho celebration of the silver jubilee of tlie priest hood of Archbishop Can*. High mass (re ports tlie Agr) was celebrated by Bishops Moore, Boville and Corbett, and Archbishop Carr presided in tlie sanctuary, and at tlic conclusion of the servico administered tho Papal benediction to those present. An eloquent sermon was preached by the Venerable Archdeacon Slattciy, of Gcclong, wlio took for his text tlie words, " And the3' were all filled with the Holy Ghost, amll tlie3* , began to speak in divers tongues the wonderful works ' of 3od." Fully 2000 jiersons attended i public meeting held in the cathedral in the evening to offer Dr. Carr congratula tions upon his having that day attained the silver jubilee of his priesthood. At the re quest of the Archbishop, his people gave their offerings towards tho fund being raised for tho completion of tho cathedral instead of sending him any personal presents, and a largo sum was in that way made up, to which his Grace contributed £2000 and promised £250 more towards providing a stained glass window for the Lady Chapel. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarnt; Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale; Archdeacon Slattcry of Geelong;Mr Duffy, M.L-A., Sir Bryan O'Loglilen, M.L.A*, and Mr Fitzgerald, M.L.C., were amongst tho speakers who offered his Grace their congratulations in tho course of hearty speeches. About £12,000 is required to complete tiie ca thcdrnl, and fully £3000 of that nmount was made up. The mental condition of Colston, tho Nar betliong murderer, has yet to bo finally de cided. Iiicpiiry made of several of the medical men who have been reported to have " certi fied " that ho was insane shows that they liavo not done so. One, however (says the Ttltgrapli) had the opinion that ho was pro bably suffering from brain disease, because ho seemed unable to realise facts, but this gentleman only saw him on one occasion, and is not a specialist in btain diseases. As to tho appointment of a board of ex pert examiners nothing lias yet bec-n done ; it must be admitted that it is therefore pre mature to make any definite statement as to tho mau's mental condition. The quoit tournament to be held on the Prince of Wales' ground on the Queen's birth day has attracted a considerable number of competitors from tho district, including some noted players from Bacchus Marsh, Portarliug ton, and Winclielsea. The prizes, presented by Mr F. Shepherd, include a valuable silver cup, on new at Massingham's. Entries close to-day, but telegrams and letters bearing to-day's post mark will be received up till to-morrow night. Attention is directed to the auction sale, this day, at twelve o'clock, by Mr \V. P. Carr, of Mrs Trickett's cottage, Kirby-strcet, off Mercer street. Messrs Gurr and Co. announce a sale of furniture to-day. at the rooms, Moorabool street, at 2 o'clock. Under a writ of Fi Fa the sheriff's officer will proceed on Friday afternoon to sell by auction in Mr Bannister's (rooms, goods and chattels belonging to the Clifton Land and Spa Com pany. A notice of interest to the ratepayers in tho borough of Newtown and Chilwcll is published in our advertising columns. 