PERTH AUTUMN MEETING. By Telegraph. (From our own Correspondent.) Perth, March 18th. When the entries came out last week they shewed a sreat falling off in the number of Competing horses. For the Turf Club Handicap only fonr horses remained in, of which it s-emed certain only three would start, mas-1 ulul/u swo tw u uul ul lkc iiuuiuci) lauilllf wu Jealousy, belonged to tho same owner. The other two were Wandering Willie and Gonda. It seemed however that, if the field was small, there would be a good race between the two last named and Plaudit, who had arrived at Beverley and was reported to be a very fine horses. Tiien, again, Gonda had run very well at Brookton, twice beating a reported flyer in Queen, as well as Willie. The latter, who was in far too big condition at Brookton, had since running there had a great deal of work, and was so far got fit to run as to be thought by his friends able to run for whatever he started. Consequently, there was a prospect of a fine race between the three. For the next race, the Breeder's Stakes, for two year old?, four were entered — Mr. Towton's Tristan, by Tremando— Trishna, Mr. Wallis's Tremolo, own brother to Terror, a Bmall grey thing of Mr. Leeder's and a stylish looking War Cry filly who had all the look of a flyer, but was backward in condition. For the Autumn Handicap, with 9st 61b for the lowest weight, four remained on the card. The Duke, Hero, Nimrod and Woorabba. But as Hero was said to have broken down, and Nim rod and Woorabba were thought not to have a ghost of a chance, it was expected Mr. Towton's crack would have a walk over. For the great race, the Metropolitan Handicap, Mr. Towton's two, Willie and The Duke, were left in, with Hero, Wisp, and Plaudit, and it was thought there would be a fine struggle between the two last named horses, and the one sent to tne post by Mr. Towton, Plaudit's easy ' weight of 6st 7lbs seeming to give him a great show. For the so-called Steeplechase, which was to be run over an irregular course, inside the course proper, First King bad a great number of sup porters, but in the opinion of many stood bnt a poor chance against the imported steeplechaser, Secrets ry« with his excellent record, For the last- race the six furlong event, a large number of entries retrained in, but the race appeared to lie between Willie, Gonda, Queen and Plaudit. The following is Jhe acconnt of the actual running. Grand Stand Stakes.— JJandicap. H miles G. towton's ch h Wandering Willie ' M 121. ',5, f --- i Dr A'ai'hartiy bS Plaudit, 6st /lbs. — r" tft t 1 -eduFs t> J1 Gonda, 8st ... MN„H oth«s w" 9min lfisof»R Breeders' Stakes'..? iohicns- 2-year-olds Mr. W. A. Wallis's b g Tremolo, t \ Mr. G. A. Towton's b g Tristan, 7st . Mr. G. Brown's blkf lolanthe, 7st 121 bs ? Mr. W. G. Leeder's r g Ragman, "7st 121bs... V Time, lmin 8s<-es. Tristan led to the straight when Tiemolo came up aud won by half a length after a good race. Autumn Handicap. — 1£ miles. Welter Han" dicap for W.A. bred horses only. Mr. W. A. Wallis's g g Nimrod II, 5yrs, 9st 10!b 1 Mr. G. A. Towton's b h The Duke, 4yrs, list 2 The grey led all the way.. Great excitement. Duke believed to be pulled. Metropolitan Handicap. — 2 miles. Mr. G. A. Towton's ch h Wandering Willie, 9st 121b 1 Mr. H. S. Darlot's b c Will o the Wisp ... 2 No others started. Won easily. ' Selling Bace. — 1£ miles. Mr. S. W. Copely's b g Crown, 7st 111b ... 1 Mr. A. Dearden's blk g Emieb, 6st 21b ... 2 Mr. d. Parker's bg Valentine, 5st lllbs ... 3 Woorabba and two others started. Woorabba and Crown led to nearly the last turn when Woorabba fell back and Crown won easily. The Steeplechase was won easily by Secre tary. Flying Stakes. — Handicap, f of a mile. Dr. O'Meehan's bg Plaudit, 6st 71b... ... 1 Mr. H. J. Leeder's b h Gonda, 8st ... ... 2 Mr. G. A. Towton's b m The Queen 3 Tue rest nowhere. 