GODDARD v. TOM LEES. The Barrier Blizzard on Top. \- HOT ENOUGH EOOBI FOE TOM. $ Big1 Joe Croivds Him Up^Tom Doo'S the 'Hoodoo' Act. LEES A RANK QUITTER. Tom Loss and Joe Goddard mot at Charters Towers, in Queensland, laBt Saturday night. Tho meeting was not a joyful ono for Mr. Lees. Tho fight, if it could bo called a fight, was fnll of inciaont for Lecsi It seems to havo been ono of those mills which mako a man yearn to cling on to half a healthy Bapling and seek lor goro. Tom was.m primo condition, and Joo was, as ho always is, strong as a cow camel at springtimo. At the word go, the pair circled round each other for a decent Bpell.then Joo feinted, and looked as muchlikoa dervish ou tho war-path as he possibly could. Tom fled at top speed, and soon got several laps ahead, but Joo would not be denied, and after an exciting chaso the ' blizzard' from the back-blooks caughttho slippery Victorian, and then Tom turned ronnd like a tape-worm ttt bay and landed hard and often on Joe's cast-iron countenance, but Joseph J. Goddard isnever so happy as when blows fall like hail, oithcr on his own or someone else's carcase, and he soon made every bone in Mr. Loos Blmpely frame ache, and judging from tho look on the latler's face he'd havo given a lump of the loser's end to bo in a cemetery just at that moment. Mr. Goddard, on the other hand, was as happy as a nigger in now pants off to a cake dauoo. He put in hi3 tornado act and drove the agilo Mr. Loos four ways at ouco. Then he altered his tactics and did his wild and weird per formance, and crawled all over Thomas, who wrapped his head in his arms and glared at hiB foe liko a demented coon meeting the ghost of his mother-in-law. There was a wail from tho audience, and even Joe seemed to feel that something was wrong. Suddenly out shot Tom's loft duko and landed fair on Joe's noso and before Joseph could mako out what had hit him plump fell the Vic's left dnke again on tho same spot. Then Joseph put on all his war-paint, tho mighty muscles on his arms and chest stood up like bananas on a breakfast-plate, his iron jaws closed with an ominous snap, and then ho hopped off the floor nearly a couple of foot, ond precipitated his huge bulk full upon the Bhuddering Tom ; but the latter buried his head on his chest, dug his tongue iu his cheek, and made himself into a ' hoodoo' charm, but it didn't act with the Barrier champion, for ho pounded away at arms, ribs, head, aud Bhoulacr, and when his discom fited foe turned and danced off, Joseph smote him on tho back or on any part that was visible. If ever a man had tho neodle in this world it was game Joe Goddard. Ho couldn't get Lees to stand up and fight, and for tho life of him ho couldn't make him quit. But iu the eighth round he set himself grimly to the task of making a hole in Tom, and tho way he flayed tho funny fighter would have made a cart-horao jib if' he hadn't tasted oats since ho was foaltd. Tom squirmed to tho loft, Joseph uppercut him : Tom wriggled to the right, Joseph banged him in the ribs. Tom shrunk backwards, Joseph climbed on top of him. Tom lurched forward, and lo, Josoph plugged him with both hands. No, it was not as joyous as u pine-apple picking for Thomas, and he was standing with his eyes glaring botween his elbows, whilo his gory fluid smeared his arms, and Joseph was doing his level best ax un honest Christian to drive him into tho Uoor like a wire nail with a blunt point, when the polico interfered and stopped the content. Tho referee did his duty like a level-headed white man, in spite of the howls of those who had their coin on Goddard. Ho refused to give a decision then, but later ho ordered tho men to meet on 'luosday night, and fight it out. Doubtless Joo won, or would have won if the polico had let it nlono another few seconds, but thoy did not do so, and though it was hard luck for Joe, tho reforee was quito right, and Mr. Turnbull deserves credit for his manly stand in this matter. Lees hod a sinful time, and must have fallen off wondorfully, for ho was a pood fighter.at one timo, and I fully expected to see him make a good fight for victory, though I thought Josoph would annex his hair at tho finale. 