^EXeERIMCES ' . ? OB A ?: DETECTIVE. BY JAMBS MoGOVAN. ; Author ©J " JBrnnpbfc to Biy/'Hanted Do TO," . " 8ttaD«e Qlaet/' '"Et«oe<l> aQd^'JCcaoked,' " Solved Mysteries,?? &o;« . . Thfe Burglar and the Moonlit Face; t T£e honse, which the two had, selaatad to break-iBto'stands" in. the Grange Loan, with itis.face to the road and its bajjkto.the.Blapkford Hfll-an old- fashioned place* but just the Bort , of ' house which eenmfld to promise a rich hiul of.pluhder* Jim<HaIlt)tiiwha waa tha yoaugae and move daring 01 the. two. ctaoksoaen, had .inspected tbaplaca wellbiiforahand, "and also had the'servants manipulated byaolevat tout, and bo Btaked hia soul on getting enough in .'that one night's work to.sat< them up for life. We ace alj cracksmen in a aenaaaud before wa , o'gen our prize packet we thakaihe aama fervent .declaration. , Hallefcwaajnatthirty and hadibaeh-for tea .yeart a criminal,, folly a h»lf of whiah time ha had spent in prison. flawaa a strong muaonlar fellow and. had been bred a ropamaker, and it.wap a ffi'rjrite joke with his associates that he would die by> what he had been trained ta make, but it ia easier to make' a joke than a oorrect prophecy. Hallet^stood there at thebaok of that hoaaa at' Blaokfoid with his companion, Steven MoBride, by hia aide, waiting for tha \- straggling ^clouds to cover tha moon a little better before oroaaing the baok greens He hai no idea that a fate awaited him within, No presentiment oppressed him; no shadowy hand tugged, him back; no unheard voioa whispered to him to tarn and fly. Ha wai full of hope and strung up for anything short of actual murder. The kitchen and. offioat were built out from the house* and-in that kitohen, unfortunately for the housebreakers, one of the servants slept. They wished-to get to the front part of the house, whioh was unoc cupied, but that was too well protested, and through that kitohen was the only road to fortune, " You are not a ooward,"remarked Ma Bride, who waa one of the greatest that ever' aueakai in shoes, ' You can easily Blip through on-your stockings and let ma iu at the front, eh?" << I'm not afraid of man or devil," vriz Hallet'a reply, *' but you'd better'be ready to tun, for the servant keeps her blind up, and on a bright night like this she may be wake ful." The scullery window was easily manipulated. Bod then Hallet, having tied a bit of ragbetora his face and removed hiB shoes, climbed through the window and noiselessly made hii way towards the, kitohen. Both doors happened to be ajar and ha stepped into tha kitchen without a creak or a hitch. The recess containing the bed on whioh lay Jeasia Wright fast asieep faaed him as he entered, with tha moonlight shining clear and full on the faoa and one arm which had been thrown up on tha pillow beside it. JeeBie was not beautiful by any means, but her faoe was one of those whioh look peculiarly attractive in sleep. Her hair and eyelashes were black and her skin fair, almost ' to pallidness, I doubt, however, if Hallet thought of its attractiveness as ho Btaited back, with both hands olenohed agaiust his breast and-hiB heart hammering away with thuds which knight have waked her. Ha was - soared, sickened, and paralysed at the' Bight of that face in the moonlight it was so like one burned deep into his memory, and > so likeso like-a dead onel Ha had usually no more feeling in him than a block of stone, and tbe firat Bight 0! that calm faca waa more like the gasp of a man -pluoged -into oold water than emotion, He stood Btock- still foe a full minute, with his eyes chained to tha faoa and hvt feat chained to the floor; thaa tha sweat broke from his brow, and he was con scious that he was trembling all oyer. Ha might have remained there ohainad for an hour, but a slight movement on the part of tha sleeping girl forced him baok into tha gloom of the lobby leading from the scullery. " I can't go on," be thought with a shiver, as he stood there with his brain in a whirl; then more slowly came the reasoning, "Imait go back." He leant on the lintel and peered in onaa more at-the moonlit face,'with a mixture of superstitious dread and admiration. A mist came over hiB eyes and he thought ha was to fall through the floor, " It's her very image.!" he thought, "and yet I buiied her with my own hands, It's a vara* ing to me.- I must go back. I dja'c cara what MoBride says; it's a warning." He Btaggered baok to the scullery and almott fell out through tha window. Hi* iega were weak.and trembling, and he had to aiutch at the sill to kee() from dropping. MoBcida, who had grown impatient waiting in kout, skirted the house at the same moment and came forward in amazement,. "Wbat'a kept you J" ha "growl ;d, in na pleasant - tone. " Couldn't you maaaga it I Great stioka! what has scmd 30a? Say a you seen a ghost "Something-like-it," faintly gwpad Hallet, ' Do yon miod o' me speaking of my Moll ?-ber that died ten year ago V " yes." "Well, she's in there-her or her vary image. X saw her faoa in the moonlight. It's a warning to me not to go on with this jotj. She said she'd look after me, and by gam I believe she's doing it!" "What was it you saw-a woman or a ghost?" asked MoBride, scanning his pal curiously. " A woman lying asleep," was the trembling reply; "The moon was shining right on her face, nod I couldn't go an inoh past it to sava my life." " A woman 1 a sleeping moll V eohoei MoBride, in the moBt snappish darision. " What a ninny to be soared by a sleeping woman-oh, Lot'!" and be bent, himself nearly double in suppressed laughter, Hallet, instead of blazing up into a passion aa ubual, bore the derision with wonderful meekness, and merely sighed deeply and moved off slowly for the front road so as to leave the plaoe. .What! you don't mean to say yon'ra suoh a deppit mean bunkaB to turn baok I>r that?" cried MoBride, in intense disguBt. " Paaa and pertatem 1 who'd a thought you was auoh a hen?" "I'm not; and them that says I am will have the lie stnck into them at the point of thatl" cried Hallett, rousing up sufficiently to draw a knife. " Am I to begin with you?" "No," and MoBride backed swiftly before tbe locg b'ada. "I didn't mean that, but I'm not going off after getting up the plant and believing all your patter, You may go if you like; I'll stay -'and do the job my self." Hallet started and stood Btill, staring at the ted headed coward with his fierce ayea till MoBride thought he bad gone mad. " You'll not; you're too big a coward to riak it," be remarked at last. " Am 11 Come to me to morrow and see," said McBride ferociously "And if that «irl comes in my way I'll soon make short work of her." v Hallet gripped him by the arm so suddenly and with such a vioe like olenoh that ha thousht the nails would go through, " I knew you were a devil, but you'ra not to do that." he Baid, with a dangerous glare of his awful eyes into thoBe of MoBride. "Try to touch that girl and I'll break your neok with one twist, She's mine-at least she seems to belong to me; and to let you go near ner would be like dipping my hands in Moll's blood. Now. Pete, I'm desperate; don't make a mur derer of me." McBride waB a little man and as helpless aa a baby in the strong hands of hiB companion, and even if he had had courage would not hava attempted to struggle with Hallet. But he had now beoome thoroughly frightened and con vinced that tbe other bad gone Btark mad, and he laid all his strength out in an effort to break free and put distance and spaoe-blaiaed space-between him atd hia foe. Hallet could not be supposed to read tha thoughts of the quaking Boonndrel, and tried hard to hold iv.ui with oue hand whila ha strove to open the knife with the other and hia teetb.< Tbey had. reached tha front road, and McBride, finding himself qaite helpless-in tha terrible grip, uttered a pieroing yell for help, Th'e cry waa answered nriexpeotedly" from tha nearest corner by tbo- fl-»sh of a polioetnan'a lanteu n and a.iuah;nf rhs Ifeht in their diraotion. The two housebreakers, who might , have baaa toin to piecas before they coaid have baaa ei'pwi.ted'bv ordinary.meana,. were too bua'y to notice the flying light till it waa close upon tbtrn. but when they did they parted as swiftly aa if a shell had been exploded bat wean them. Hallet darted west'and Mo8ride, |ia the.flurry of the moment, followed the usual practice and took exactly tha opposite "course. He darted east and failed to doTge under tha policeman's sweeping arms; and slooordiogly waa pinned fast and almost beaten fcoia jelly before he eould be induced to stand still. Hs then tried to explain volubly how he had beea taking a peaceful stroll in that deiightfal quarter when he had been attaoked by a druak man who acoused him of staring^ at him and struck him over the head with astiok. As very few take strolls at two in the morning, and tha gate of the front garden of the house into whiah they bad broken was standing open, tha polioa man's reply was to" handcuff MoBride till ha had. coade an investigation,. . Deep -footprints led right across the garden plot to the;end of ths houBe, aa < the polioeman'a lantern clearly showed, and by following that track He speedily oame to tha open aoullery window with ona pane ..broken-, and /the' sticky ' brown papar still adheiing-to 0)8 fragments. - Tha -inmates .were aptedily roused, and then it .was cleat that an attempt had been mada at hoasa brealiicg-and robbery,..the* natural, infer ansa "being that tbo"thieves badJbeen dgUQdt'in tha tfttempt, As no one was in right bet the policeman be ooolly took all the glory to hiai« .elf, which but adda another case to the long fot of women's wrongs, No one thought o! Jessie Wright, the inpooent, dark-haired aook. who, without BO much as opening an eye) had <one the whole of the scaring; indeed Bhe, like a true heroind, did not think of it herself, bat declared that the robbers oonld not have been near the kitohen or she would certainly have heard them and given the alarm. MoBride stoutly protested that he bad never been within the gate, but one of hiB down at-heel boots happened to fit one of the footprints in the ?ardenplot so accurately that his protest went or nothing, and he was lugged off to the Central, where hiB was relieved of some excel lent housebreaking took and looked up. The fiolioeman reported having Been another man' who had esoaped, and whom he de scribed aB wearing a bit of print rag aoroas his eyes a» a mask. The rag was picked np next day a little farther west, and being fitted to the torn cotton handker chief fonnd in MoBride'a pockes was found to tfelong to that useful artiole. Then MoBride joe0 to the oooasion and deolared that he had fonnd the torn handkerohief on the street, a remark so wanting in freshness that every one laughed so heartily that MoBride himself was forced to join in. What I wanted more particularly to know waB who had worn the printed mask and where he was to be found, MoBride pathetically deolared that he had no pal and that he was an honest engine-fitter looking for work, though we had a record of ten convictions against him; but i had seen him once in Hallet'a company and for Hallet accordingly I went, I heard of him first at his favorite publiohouBe, and thenoe followed him to a rope walk down at DambiedykeB, at whioh I met him full in the face, He looked pale and concerned and not nearly BO bold and defiant bb nsuaL "Anything wrong, Jim?-' I asked oarelessly as I stopped him, ''Oh no, sir; just been in hare aBkiagfor work." I grinned unfeelingly. "Imphmn; and yon got it, of coarse ?" I dryly continued. "Yes. I'm to get a trial on Monday," he an* swered humbly. " Bnmph, you'll maybe get a trial before that," I replied. " I want you." Like an experienced convict he only stared at me and said nothings bat I fanoiea that 8 smothered sigh esoaped him as he quietly took his place at my side after I had fastened a bracelet on his wrist. ?rl glanced down at his shoes with interest and saw that he was oalmly following the look, for be was as quick aa he was strong; but I fanoy be had changed the shoes, for when I took them out to the Grange Loan they fitted cone of the footprints. Then the policeman, even when Hallet was deoked up in the rag found on the road, could not swear to him as MoBride'a companion, while Hallet himself declared that he could prove an alibi. I did not care to let him go easily, however, and I was in hope of MoBride, who would have sold his own mother for 6d<, confessing all to save himself; but the very cowardioe of the wretch kept him silent. He was afraid of Hallet's paBBion and his long knife; so when they were placed at the bar together we had a strong case against MoBride, bat none against Hallet, who was accordingly liberated, Ma Bride getting seven years. One of the witnssses at the trial was JesBie Wright, and daring the whole time Hallet had eyes for no other. Jmie eat down at the Bide of the courtroom after giving ber evidence end more than once was startled to eee the eyes of the biggest prisoner fixed on her face, and she tremulously aebed herself what it meant, Was he marking her for murder or revenge? or could matder and revenge lurk behind suoh piteous dark eyes and that pallid faoe ? She felt glad that he had been captured and put on trial, for on the whole Bhe thought Buob a burly raffian would be safest behind the bars of a prison; but she was disagreeably startled when the charge against Ballet waB dismissed and be was set free. Her womanly inetinota told her that that liberation foretold trouble to herself. There waB little exaltation in Hallet's f aca as he left the courtroom; indeed I watched him curiously, wondering what it was that appeared to oppress him like a nightmare, bat he passed out o! sight withont me Bolving the problem. A few nights later JeaBie Wright was going along the Grange Loan after a night out whaa phe was startled by the faoe of Hallet suddenly appearing before her with the same pallid and piteous expression. She soreamed out and ran and had just time to hear him say V Don't be feared, laBB j I wouldn't harm yon for all the world. Still Bhe ran and ran till she reached the house, thinking his heavy feet were following fast and then finding henelf alone almost fainted on the threshold. "A man chased me," Bhe gasped, as she raached the kitchen, "and, oh, I think it waa one of the thievss, so he'a ..maybe coming back iu the night time." The two servants decided to sleep together, as a carefully went over every look and fastening in the houee, bat no 009 diBtarbed them. Next day T received the following note " Detects ve McGovan. "Dear Bir-You think I'm nut workan, but if j on com down tow the walk you wail Bee. "JIMS Hallst, "P.S.-I want you too com an see," Not sure but there might be some subtle scheme under this tremendous literary effort, I went down in the afternoon and found Hallet with his sleeves up and his hair towdy tearing away like an ordinary workman. " He knowB I've been in quod, air," he re marked, with a jerk of the thumb in the direction of hiB employer; " but ther'a nothing here to steal, and I can work for any two man, so he's glad to get me." " And how long are yon to contiaue this ?" I quietly asked. "Ob, for a good long while I hope," he answered, and then the same strange shado i crossed.his face and the old smothered sigh escaped him, "There's something else," I said keenly "something that you're keeping baok ?" "Not muoh," he slowly replied, keeping his eyeB on his work. " Has nobody been making compIaintB of me?" " No, not yet," "And if they did you wouldn't believe there ?" " Ob, wouldn't I ? Of course I would." He appeared distressed, but worked on in silence for some minutes. At last I said - " Now, Jim, why did you send for me ?" "Ob, nothing, sir, only I've heard that you like to giveB coves a chance." " That's BO, Jim-that's BO." "Well, you could do me a good turn," he Blowly continued, with his pale cheeks raWan ing a little, " a very good tarn. You know that servant girl that was up aa a witness against MoBride ?-I mean the dark one with the splendid long eyelashes and fair skin? Well, if you Ehonld see her any time yoa might say, kind of accidental, ' That man Hallet as waB bad up at the trial's not a bad fellow at all. Works down at Dumbiedykes. Oh, he'a ail right; you needn't be afraid oflhim.' Sae what I mean, Bir?" and he trembled all over aa he asked it, and looked bo pitiful that I instantly divined the truth. "You're in love with her?" I said, with a liege of sadness, ".I don't know if it's that you call it, bat I'd be glad to die for her. She's the very imaare .f my Moll; she was my Bweetheart afore she died, and I waB square, and I've never been a man since she waB took," " I'm aorry for you," "What? Do you think ahe won't look at me ?" There was suoh a wistful and deathly look of despair coming over his face that I had not the heart to speak my thoughts. "Ob, I don't know as to that; there's no saying what may happen it a man keeps straight," I vaguely answered. "That's it!' he cried, eagerly catching at the straw, " Keeping straight does it," and then he tore in at the ropes at a rate that would have stocked a ship in a forenoon, Not long after Jessie Wright, in going down towards the Oausewayside, was again startled by the terrible face of the thief. 01 course she screamed as before and prepared to run for life, but before she could 'do so he dropped on his kneeB before her on tha muddy road and imploringly extended his hands. "Don't scream and run; I'm not BO awful/' he trem blingly gasped, "You are; you're a thief and a convict: they said so at the trial," she exolaimed in terror. " Go away or I'll Boream! I can't keep it back." " I'll do anything you ask; I'll go away and kill myself if you only give me a kind look," he answered, still on his kneea and with Bome thice like tears in his eyes. *'I can't look kind when I'm frightened," ?he answered, shrinking back, and then with a ineh she was gone and nearly fainted at the door as before, though after a little she won dered what ahe bad been bo scared about. Still it was quite intolerable that any reapeoU able girl should be peBtered and frightened by a man following her, so, after consultation with her master, Jessie came next day to the Central to report the annoyance to me, I sympathised with her and meant to say some very harBh and severe thinga about Hallet, but somehow when I was abont to open my month a vision of his piteous^ dark eyes came np before me and sealed my lips, " Did he try to lay hands on yoa or injure you ?' I quietly aBked. " Oh, no. but he frightened me oi* of my wits. Can't you take up a thief when he does that?" "Yet; but Hallet is not exactly a thief just now; he's a working man,aropemaker," and aa I said it,I seemed to feel a gratefal "God bless you for that" from invisible lipB. "Oh!" and JeBsie hesitated, bat still pouted, "Thefaot is, Jessie," I said more oheerily, " I do believe the fellow's iu love with yoa." " Well, he can get out again aa quiok as he likes, for I'd as soon think of jumping off the JNoitb Bridge m haye anything to <jk> witjj biro," was her grave reply, "tod if be comes near me again I'll get the police to him." Her words said much bnt her tons said a deal more, for it plainly revealed to me that she was already better engaged and that all Hallet's hopes were a snare and a delusion. For some weekB Hallet did not annoy her or oome in her way, though I have no doubt he watched and feasted on her shadow as madly as ever, bat at last they did meet, when he only gave her a pitiful look and stepped hambly BBide to let her pass. .Not a word esoaped his lips, and when she bad passed on, womanlike, abe turned and came back. "Why do jou annoy me this way ?" Bhe im periously demanded. " Did I ever do anything to yon to deserve this persecution ?" "I didn't mean it; indeed I didn't," be piteoufily answered. "You're like a Bweethearo I once bad and she died, and yon Beem to live in ber place. If I had yon for a sweetheart or jast to say a kind word to me I'd be something yet" The words were poured forth in a burst, and she could Bee his outstretched hands quiver as he spoke, aud she softened slightly. "You're atbief and a vagabond," she said resentfully, " and how oan yon expect me to look at you 2" "Not now-I'm not one now," he pleaded, with all biB soul in the words. How could abe get rid of him! A bright flash of thought and she had it. " Keep away from me for a year and don't be a thief, and I'll think of it," she said, and then she ran off, comfortably oonsoling herself for the little deception by the thought that by tbat time she would be married and far from the oity. "It may do bim good and it oan do me no barm, and I won't be frightened out of my life every night." she thought, and so the matter reBted. Hallet obeyed ber to the very letter. He never showed bis face to her, aud, though he often wandered out to the Grange Loan, it was always late at night when he oould feast his eyes on the house that held her without annoy* ing or frightening ber. He did not relapse, and though he was away for some time it was only to get work in another town, At the end of the year he onoe more hung about the Grange till he Baw Jessie, who was more horribly startled than ever by his fac8 and who felt a litfle oompunction for the part Bhe had played, '» I'm Borry," was her simple answer, " bat I'm to be mnrried at the New Year." Hallet staggered and looked so deathly that Bhe thought he waB going to drop and put out a band to support bim, "I can't blame you," he said quietly. "I'll go and kill myself." " Ob, no, no, don't say thit," she implored, "Men are the props of the world; men shouldn't kill themselves; forget me and try to get somebody better," and Bhe threw ber arms round bim, wishing she bad told him sooner. "There's not one in the world," be said in dull despair; "and I can't be anything without yon." " Ob, yes, you can j for you're a good fellow, and brave and strong," pleaded Jessie as only a woman can plead. " Promise me to try." 11 If you'll kiss me onoe I'll promise," ha said, and Jessie in the fulness of her BOUI took his f&CB; between ber hands and kissed him twioe on the lipB very heartily. Thus tbey parted, and Hallet Baw nothing of her for nearly six months. When thoy did meet he waB startled at the change in her appsar ance, for ber bright eyes were dull and heavy, and her cbeekB as pale and sunken as his own, " Are you married ?" ho asked. A buret of tears was her answer. '"He took up with another girl and married ber, after I bad waited three years on him," she said at last. "Have mo inctead." he cried, with electric suddenness. "Ob, Jessie, I'll worship you and clave for you night aud day as long &3 I live, and " There was more said, of which I have no record, but Bbe bad bim, and he Blaves for her and worships ber still, jast as be vowed, BO tbere is at least one man in the world who can keep bis word. JJBXT . THE POISONED TWOPENKY PIE. 