NINETEENTH CENTURY HYP0 CBITES. Life-like Portraits of Some Church Professors. Sermon by the Rev. T. J. Malyon, LL.B. A Brilliant Effort. Tho pulpit of the South Yarm Baptist Church was on Sunday last occupicd by tUe Kcv. T. j. Malyon, LL.B., of tiyducy, a gentleman of brilli&ul; elocutionary nnd literary attainments, who may possibly become the pastor of this congregation which ifi nt the present time without a head. The church is a large and important one, and the selection will ncccs&arily; be one of 6ome delicacy, sincc the continued success of a church is to a very large extent bonnd up in its pastor. Like many other Baptist churches |in the suburbs of Melbourne thutiU South Yarra is etrougly evangelical, adopting methods for briuging ia the people which a score of years ago might hare seemed altogether out of harmony with the sadly solemn stylo of worship too often indulged jo. Bufficc it that success has attended the use of the methods, and that tbe Baptist church in me metropolis or \ icioria, at icasc, \- ' is waxing fat and flourishing. One noticed cvidcnco of this on Sunday last ia the choir of young men in front of the building prior to the commencemcot of the service ; in the large body of sweet singers on the platform in the church ; in the use of Sankcy's collection of hyraus, which appear to have become a popular adjunct to the hymunl of the whole of the Protestant churches, aud in many other ways, not excluding the large congregation present. The Rev. T. J. Malyon is a gcntlcimn with a fine pulpit appearance, quite un orthodox in style, ns may be noted iu the fact that lie wears no clerical garb, only a neatly turned down white collar, and black tic together with a well-fitting frock coat. His face is massively cut and intellectual ; but one is a little puz/.lcd in judging from his face whnt age he mfty be. The thick massy hair which in the distuuee seems to have a suspicion of gray ; the face, cut with the deep lines of thought ; the heavy moustache, aud the cleau fihaved chin, give no clue. But the face and the ' form and the gesture is that of the orator. With this outward seeming the voice, with its deep, clear, resonant toucs, fittingly accords. From a critical standpoint one may be inclined to think that the gestures arc too elaborate, the elocution a little too laboured for the pulpit ; but it must be admitted that the whole is masterly and . impressive. But, aftor all, these things constitute but fho minor nart of n nrcacbcr's ounlitics. The essential is that he should hnvc some- , tiling to tell, and be able to invest it with | power and attractiveness ; nnd he should be able to rcasou soundly nnd lo attack both the mind and heart of his hearer with truth, so far ns he understands it, which will carry conviction. The reverend gentleman under notice is specially cnpabtc iu this direction. There is not only the masterly elocutionary display, but there is also the kecu insight into the meaning of words; the habit of dissecting phrases in order to ^ get at their intent ; the ability to break down the clustering errors which, ivy-like, fur round the truth; aud a graphic power of painting word pictures which 6tand out wilh startling distinctness on the mcutal canvass. Tbis was illustrated in his running com ments upon the reading lesson^— a portion of the Surmou on the Mount, though criti cally speaking, one might take exception, in pome instances, to a redundancy of words, as, for exnmplc, in the story of the man who built his house upon the t/uicJ: Bauds. Now, asbuilding upon quicksand is a physical impossibility, the text loses iu Btcad of gains by the interpolation. The sermon tvas bused upon the words of Chri6t (Matthew, Chapter VII.. 21 to 23 verses)—' ' Not every one that saith unto too Lord, Lord, slmll enter into the king dom of heaven ; but he which docth the * will ot my Father which is in heaven. Many will say to me in that day, Lord. Lord, have we not prophesied in Thy nntnc, and in Thy name have cast out devils, and in Thy name done many wonderful works 7 And then will I pro fess unto them, I never knew you ; depart from me. yc that work iniquity.' The sermon was, practically, a brilliant and forcible delineation of the character of o hypocrite, or rather of a gathering of hypo* critcs, euch as there existed at any time during the Christian era, but particularly in the nineteenth century. Starting with the solemn question— 44 How shall we appear in the day of judgment?' the preacher pointed out man's responsibility for his actions, his words, his thoughts. 'You cannot bury your thoughts so deep but they will suffer resurrection then. You must confront them, not as ghosts of the past, but as living realities.' Tbe persons alluded to in the text went a very long way in the profession of religion. You might know them anywhere; they were among tho most religious folk of their locality ; it would seem ns if they were sound enough ; they made a magui* ficent profession, and repeatedly acknow ledged Christ as Lord ; they underlook Christian service of a bigh class; they prophesied ; Ihcy woiked miracles in Christ's name; tbey obtained remarkable success, which even devils acknowledged ; they possessed energy ; they might even have been characteiised by charity ; they might have been surrounded by an aroma of hcavcnlincss, and their footfalls might bavo been as sweet music to those to whom they ministered ; ond they were diligently orthodox. Such were their portraits as photographed by our Master of living realities ol the church of the nineteenth century. But, tbe preacher went on to point out, , they also kept this profession up a loug time. They gave themselves out as gold, j and men took them at their own appraise- j mcnt and even tho Lord did not disown +i.»m rititnnrr their life time : nor were they even made & laughing stook of by the fail ure of the devils to obey the Holy name which 1 they nsed. And for all this they expected a rcw&Td;, but were cast out after all. Was it ' possible then to make such a blunder after such a splendid ministry J The 6eorct of their failure lay in this that their tougue was belied by their bauds. It was a j precedent condition that tUcy should do the i will of the Father, but fchcy did not possess the nature of obedient servants. The world xang with professed obedience : but how iiUle did we fiud of rcnl Christian life, llow many were those who at the bottom of their liearts were desirous of gaining 6omc coiispicious reward for their professions, . ? with not a thought that that which they were doiug was the will of our Father. They prophesied, but they did not juay. i ?« Have .not you been under the impres sion,' asked iho proacher, ' that some pro fessing Christians arc as devilish as the , men whose salvation they are anxious for 1 1 * There ought to be n broadiine of demarca tion. Yet instead of the chu^^BVorang AI.. ? u * ? AC 41m nlih-r3t.{a con verted by tho world.' In the churoh of i ike nineteenth century w'e were'iiot un- ^ accqtointed with men such aa described in the text ; wo had heard their voiccs and said 'hurrah' for them. Bat let such men be asked to do some humble and obscure work, and they really havn t the lime ; tbey havo an important engagement and beg to be exensed, Yet while the air rang with their plaudits, and the Jicws ' papers sounded thiar fame, Christ professed nnto them.' I never know you.' The «orpTise of the hypocrites at this declaration ©f Christ was dramatically told by the preacher. 'Kevcrknewwe! Lord! why all the world know ms. Why I cast out devils in thy name, and all the world 1 knows ihat. Tucto must w some ujxtiuic mistake hero.' And the preacher depicted the cast out spirits ever departing further and further from the light of Christy and then with a few graphic touches painted . the reverse tilde tit the picture, the joy and \- the reward of obedionoe ; and eo concluded . a most admirable sermon I 