PATRIOTIC PROTECTIONIST. 1 Ttac following letter appeared in t^A ' Suburban Times, published in RedfernJJK Saturday June 27 :— Sir,— That the deaire^I individuals to get s«its in the House is prompted by private ambition, and from no desiro to serve eiiher party or country, is shown by the readiness of defeated polt'. ci&rVs; to ?ifflll affjtti ntit'np nmKh'jnionmA. tK squeeze into the Hoase any w*y. During the past fortnight we have seen and heard -old members and 'new candidates tolling electors time after lime how their hearts arc twined round this or that district, and that nothing could induce them to represent any other electorate than Frog Hollow or Buck', jumpers' flat, as the case rimy be. Vet the moment Frog Hollow or Bnck jumper's Flat tells the candidate tluit he don't suit, or that lie iB.no lunger required, what do these self denying patriots do ? . D j they not rush off to some oiher constituency, if there is the ghost of a show -of squeezing in. and getting another 'dpnortuniiy -if savin g their belov-sd country. ? It is worth while for th ? electors of this district to bear this in mind and apply the moral. They have learned from the daily press that one ot the most conspicuous members of the Protectionist creed, after being ignored by his own party and rejected by the Labor party, lias gone away books of milos into the country to gain a seat if he can, and gain it n-t 'by opposing a Federa. tionist, not by opposing a Freetrader, but p- epared to oppose ; even one of h it own parly. Bourke returns ' three members, and there was one Fiee trade candidate and five Protectionists and yet so great is the loyalty of the Protectionists to each other, go much their desire to 'save the oountry,' that they are evidently willing to out each other's throats. We have been continually having the doctrines dinned into our oars that ' party' and ' policy' must be para mount and the individual secondary. I think you will agree with me, sir, that a sixth Protectionist rushing into the field oc cupied by five of his political brethren— -when three alone can be elected — shows clearly that ' party' and *? loyalty' have no place in the transaction, but that it is a mere ques tion of scrambling for die loaves and fishes, ~, and of Belf first and devil take the ''hindlifflBE'* 7* In spite of any pressure -which may have been brought to bear on tho Trades and Labor Council, to encourage in a half-hearted fashion Mr. Howe's candidature for Bourke, he takes with him no sympathy from the real backbone of the Labor party of Bedfetn. If he had had the support ne would have been under no necessity to hump his ewag. The Labor men of Redf era felt that they had no use far mm of his stamp in the House— he ib too weak in the back and not strong enough in the hood to fight in the coming struggle of Labor. We want capable men. and we ?will continue the process of rejection until we get Yours, &c;, AN ELECTOR. Alexandria, June 22. 