WHAT IS IT ? r The Influence that Sometimes Guides Us Against Our Will, " No, I do not believo in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, "but I do believe in tlio ministration of spirits." This is not the ago nor tlio country in which tlie supernatural flourishes. Interest centres aooui/ tne practical, riaunteu nouses are rented without great difficulty, if tlio land lord is willing to knock oif a portion of tho rent. Thero are many, however, who will admit tlio exertion at times of soino poculiar influence swaying our actions. Wo aro led to do tilings wo should not do of our own volition — tlie .wisdom of which wo do not appreciate until afterwards; then we wonder how wo came to do them. Wo aro forced to learn tliub worldly wisdom i3 not alwuys tlmt which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical ago results are what pcoplo are looking after. They boliovo ill what they see ; tho ' e/idence of things not seen " is to bo weighed in tho futui'O. When a man is sick lie wants to get well ; lie cares littio what medical method is employed if it euros. But if it docs not euro iio soon bogins to doubt the skill of tho piiysician, and inquiro into lii3 methods of medication. 'A liappy tiling it is sometimes if somo influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmonson, of Mel bourne,. writes, 21st October, 1890: — " During tho past 10 years I have been ail ing periodically from a serious affection of tho kidneys, und in latter years my complaint bocame more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in tho back. I had often prolonged headaches, tho result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, und I thought this disorder of tho kidneys and liver would bring about a moro serious disease. Finally .1 :rio.d, tho effects, of. Warner's safe euro, and not until then did I cxperienco any amelioration in my condi tion. The uso of this medicine speedily wrought a groit change, and four bottles offected a complete cure. " Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdaio- stroet, Mel bourne; says: — " ilOtli October, 1890. For some years I havo been suffering from fre quent attacks of gravel, often with unbear able pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs wore also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congestion of the liver and periodical heudaehes of a severe naturo. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when tlio acute pains in tho right side, caused by tho congestion of tho liver, ceased, while my kid neys were restored to healthy action. 