RELIGIOUS NEWS. Personal. — We take the following from the Christian Weekly of November 13 :— The late Mr. W. H. Smith, M.P., First Lord of the TrMisiirv- and leader of the House of Commons, was associated in his early days with the Methodist Church. Some still re member the family when they worshipped at Great Queen-street and other West-End Chapels. His father was a stanch supporter of Methodism, and gave £1,000 towards the erec tion of Victoria Chapel, in St. John's Wood. It is said that Mr. W. H. Smith cherished a high esteem for the Church of hU boyhood, and gave generous help to the Thanksgiving Fund. He was a Christian politician of unblemished integrity. — The Rev. P. R. C. Usher writes an interest ing article on 'Adelaide,' viewed after thirty years' absence, in the columns of the Melbourne Spectator. He says that during that period it has been transformed, transfigured, and glori fied. He speaks appreciatively of its pulpit talent, and thinks that here 'there has been mure leisure for mental cultivation than inhurrying scurrying Melbourne.' Mr. Usher also says ' that it is unchanged in its hospitality, which has long become proverbial.' ' Nobody could ever say,' lie adds, 'that Adelaide was an uninviting place.' — Tom .Mann, the great organizer and labour leader, preached in the Nuteiove Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, St. Helens, on a recent Sunday, taking as his text Luke s. oo, 30. He said that the Church, as a body, had hitherto held aloof from the labour movement, but be maintained that it was a sacred duty of the Church to do all that was possible for the moral, physical, and spiritual improvement of the working classes. Ho said that religion and labour were inseparable, and that the bettering of the condition of the work ing classes was one of the most commendable duties of Christians, either individually or collectively. That both Mr. Mann and Mr. Tillet should obtain the ear of the Christian Churches, as they are now doing, is matter for hope and rejoicing — The Rev. W. H. Fitchett, whose champion ship of Australia has brought him into literary prominence in London, is now on his way back in the Nord-Deutscher Lloyd's fine steamer Kaiser Wilhelm II. , which is timed to reach Melbourne on December 2d. The Melbourne j Spectator says — 'Mr. Fitchett has improved the shining hour during his stay in England by visiting the best educational establishments, and taking notes of the latest and best English methods. He also visited Scotland, and spent snmn time in Yorkshire, where he heard ?ne or tne xtev. xj. u. ouukcuo um K-ys,' the Rev. Dinsdale Young, whom ie describes as a magnificent preacher.'' — [Tie Kev. A. H. Came, who as Foreign Mis iion Deputation has visited many of our Cir :uits, finds it absolutely necessary, on account -f duties pertaining to the Chairmanship of a Iistri3t, which position he holds, to return ilmost at once to Samoa ; he will, therefore :lose his work here on Thursday, November 2(5. Chapel of Reparation.— The good Nun3 )f St. Dominic's Priory, North Adelaide, are says the Southern Cross) appealing to the Catholic community to assist them in tho pious work of erecting a Chapel for the per petual adoration of our Lord in the blessed Sacrament. The foundation-stone of the Church of the Holy Ghost was laid by Arch bishop Reynolds on Sunday, October 25. The Nuns have already spent about £8,000 on their property, North Adelaide, and the proposed idditions will cost between £3,000 and £4,000. His Grace, who has long ardently desired the erection of a Church of Reparation in his Diocese, has written to the Rev. Mother Prioress cordially blessing the work and authorizing the appeal. [There is a reference to this matter elsewhere. — Ed.] MitchamFederalFair. — An effort to reduce the building debt on St. Michael's Schoolroom, Mitcham, which was erected last year at a cost of £1,100. is being made by the holdine of a fair. Lady Bray conducted the opening ceremony on Friday, in the presence of a very good audience. The dayschool was established nearly three years ago fn small rented premises which were soon found inadequate for the increasing cumber of scholars, and it was to meet the growing demand that the present fine building was erected. In addition to the dayschool, the Sunday-school, as well as services and meetings are regularly held there. The present debt amounts to £4S5, but of this £85 has been promised by the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge, London, on condition that no legal liability remains at the expiry of four years. A brisk business wa3 done on Friday, and as the fair will be con tinued to-day there is no doubt that a considerable reduction in the debt will be made. The Bijou Orchestra, under Mr. Allen, discoursed a number of operatic and other selections, and added much to the attractiveness of the gathering. The names of the stallholders are as follows :— Plain and fancy stalls, Mesdamea Samwell, Morgan, Hawkes, and Fiyeash ; flower stall, Mesdamea Downes and Pile, and the Miases Hall (2) ; produce stall, Misses Thornber; refreshment stall, SDsses Webb and Crowder ; cake stall, Misses Wicksteed, Glen, and Robertson; advertisement stall. Misses Heath and Nichol son ; sweet stall, Misses J. Kell and Lawrence ; juvenile stall, Misses Thorpe (2) and A. Taylor; fairy well, Misses Farr and Law rence. 