SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. (Cbpyrfykt.) By an M.D. Anthor of " Under a Spell," " Victoria Cross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," &c.;, &c.; chapter n. a nest of conspirators. It was a curious sensation to my unhinged mind, and a kind of fear assailed me as I walked through the dark, almost deserted roads. But I threw this eeling off after I had advanced a short distance, "and occupied myself in endeavouring to fix upon ;(n h tel wherein to pass the night. I decided that I would go to one near Covent Garden as being a considerable way from Bavswater, where I lived, and as affording the means of an enjoyable walk. I'y the time I reached Regent-street I had lost my elasticity of mind. The novelty of the sclioolboy- j:k-i freak had worn off, and the heavy cloud once more settled on my brain with as much force as ever. I moved along as if in a dream, and such was my absentmindedness that I ceased to notice the direction I was taking, though I have a hazy recollection of turning into Leicester-square. I am perfectly ignorant of my subsequent perambulations, all my thoughts being concentrated on the strong desire for my soul to be snatched up into the heaven of its dreams. After a time I woke up tc the realities of existence and found myself wander ing in a labyrinth of dingy streets which were entirely strange to me. The dinginess of tlie house, was equalled by the filth of the pavements and the reeking odour which pervaded them. Lights were burning in many of the wretched tenements, and ribald songs or hoarse laughter indicated' that Revelry was holding high court amongst his de graded followers, whilst a shrill shriek or two notified that Tragedy was not sleeping. I shuddered as 1 made up my mind that I had unwittingly strayed into a regular thieves' rookery, and, as I had so thoroughly lost my bearings, I was in a perfect dilemma as to how I should find my way out of it. I wandered on, scared out of my abstrac tion by the consciousness of the danger I was incur ring by loitering in this unsavoury neighbourhood, but after half-an-liour's attempt to regain civilisa tion I found myself upon the same spot where I first discovered that I had lost myself. No one was in the street to whom I could appeal for direction, hence my only chance consisted in seeking assistance at some house that looked more respectable than the others. But it seemed a choice of evils, for each one had the appearance of being as evil and uncanny as its neighbour. However, I was getting tired, and as necessity has no law, I boldly marched up to the first which shewed signs of waking life, and was about to knock when I found the door yield to my pres. ure. I pushed it open further, and stood in the passage undecided as to my next movements, for the low suppressed voices I heard in the room to my right were not very encouraging. Whilst I hesitated, I listened for a favourable break in the conversation to intro duce myself and my wants to the notice of the foreign gentlemen who were talking so earnestly, but what I heard did not reassure me, and I speedily ascertained that I had stumbled across a nest of conspirators. Any other man in my situation would have quietly withdrawn from the house and so removed himself from a very perilous position, but whilst I was overhearing the details of an ugly assassination scheme, the terrible despair and the dark cloud fell on me and I forgot my danger, my whereabouts— everything except the insane, overwhelming longing for one brief glimpse of Elysium. My forgetfulness was rudely shattered by feeling a powerful grasp thrown around me, whilst a babel of voices uttered curses, not loud but deep, and accompanied by many uncomplimentary epithets, amongst which the word mouchard figured largely. Scarcely conscious of my surroundings, I was dragged, dazed and Btupefied, into the room I had previously meditated entering. My hands were tied behind my back, my legs were securely fastened, and in this ignominious plight I was forced into a chair. I had leisure to look around whilst my captors . withdrew to the further end of the room and con- ' .suited as to my, fate. I counted eight men; most of tii am French, though I detected both a German and an Italian accent, amongst them They appeared to belong to the labouring class, but their leader, evidently a Frenchman, possessed a refined manner and an aristocratic bearing, which seemed singularly out of place amongst the brutal ruffians who were gathered around him. Although the conversation was carried on in a low tone, yet the gestures of the majority coupled with certain ominous words such as "spy" and "death" made me feel more un comfortable than I could have imagined possible, considering how often I had prayed for a dissolution of the body which would bring me face to face with those eternal joys I had as yet only tasted in visions. Hie King of Terrors was more fearful when he stood over me than when I viewed him from a distance. Presently the voices grew louder and the dis cussion became heated. "He must die " exclaimed two or three ruffians together. " Our safety de pends upon it." "I fail to see the necessity of violence," remarked the leader, who was evidently averse to bloodshed. " Then if our scheme proves abortive you will be answerable," replied a saturnine- looking individual, who looked as if he had sworn to eschew soap and water for the natural term of his existence. " He cannot have heard very much of our plans," argued the leader, "and consequently can divulge, very little." " Who is he? Make him explain his reason fo» intruding," exclaimed a voice. " There spoke commonsense," said the leader, who immediately turned round and walked slowly to where I was sitting. "What is your name ?" he continued, addressing me. "Gerald Gray." "Your profession ?" "A certified lunatic." The leader's eyes flashed fire at my answer. " 1 must beg you not to bo flippant," he replied. "To perpetrate a joke when you are at the point of death is the worst possible taste." "I was never more serious in all my life!" was my reply. Indeed, I really began to fear that my uncle was not so very far wrong when he deemed it expedient to keep me under surveillance, for the first result of taking my liberty into my own hands was to land me in this unpleasant dilemma. The leader of this gang of desperadoes was so evidently a gentleman that I determined to throw myself upon his mercy by making a clean breast of everything. This I accordingly did, and my ac count of myself seemed to satisfy him, for he informed his comrades that his impressions concern ing me were favourable. At least half of the men were bent on assassina tion, and they therefore received the chief's report with disgust. "Stab him!" they vociferated. "If you don't we'll denounce you as a traitor! " "He is an Englislnnau," answered the leader, calmly. "His compatriots give us a safe asylum when the gates of other nations are closed in our faces. If his murder were to raise a hue-and-cry against us where should we find a resting-place ? Let us be prudent, my friends, and even postpone the execution of the greatest traitor rather the.u jeopardise our own safety and that of our society." "The captain is right!" muttered two of the murder party. "But we ought to keep the man in custody, and execute him later on, if necessity arises." "Does the last opinion express the feeling of us all ? " asked the leader, looking round. "Ye3, yes," was the unanimous verdict. "Your life is spared for the present," he con tinued, turning to me. "But you will be closely guarded, and will have to accompany us wherever we go. Let me give you a final word of warning. Any attempt to escape, or to communicate with the outside world, will involve your immediate assassi nation." A gloomy hopelessness, amounting almost to despair, wrapped me in its sombre mantle. Life and liberty became of inestimable vaiue when they both seemed slipping away. All my contempt, for death, vanished, and the world looked a much fairer spot tfhan I bad hitherto thought it. In the weakened tat of ay mind emotion conquered physical power, and I became wrapped in the sudden darkness of CHAPTER in. MONSIEUR LE MARQUIS. By the side of a wide open gate, a young glri was intently gazing up the dusty Btretch of road which led from the little village of St. Bracque to the feverish, ever-restless metropolis of France. As he stood there in an attitude of unconscious grace, shading her eyes with one hand, whilst the other rested gently on the topmost bar of the gate, the vivacious peasants who passed and repassed on their way home from work, held their breath as they beheld the Madonna-like vision, and murmured "6ho is as beautiful as an angel." And beautiful indeed was Ethel Brandon ! Stand ing there in the setting sun with a-flood of golden rays lighting up her fair hair ; with dainty blossoms detached by the gentle breeze nestling here and there upon her tresses ; with her deep blue eyes gazing earnestly into the gathering twilight, and with ber features illuminated by a smile, sweet and longing — she was a living impersonation of- all the grace, beauty, and softness which man, by common consent, associates with the Madonna. Presently, the dim outline of a figure far away up the long straight road loomed dark through the slight grey inist, and its appearance aroused the girl from her expectant attitude into one of eagerness. A bright, glad look swept over her features as she briskly moved forward to meet the rapidly advanc ing gentleman, and in another two minutes ber hand was clasped in his. "Oh, Jack!" she exclaimed, "I feared that you must have met with an accident, for you promised to be home at six o'clock, and it is now nearly half- past eight." "What a nervous little sister it is ! " replied Jack Brandon. "But I assure you that I am perfectly safe and sound, and my detention in Paris was due to my meeting a certain person who inquired most tenderly after you. Now can you guess who it was ? " "I have not the least idea," said Ethel. "I know none of our friends who are likely to be at present in Paris." "Have you quite forgotten a certain foreigner to whom you were introduced a few months ago, and who was your most devoted slave during the whole of your stay at the Lorraines ? " "You surely cannot mean that handsome Mar quis ? " asked Ethel with a slightly heightened colour. "How quick you are at guessing ! " laughed Jacik. "Yes, I really mean your admirer, the Marquis do Dijonnais. He was so pleased to see me that for a moment he forgot his usual high-bred sang-froid, and gesticulated so energetically that had I been in London instead of Paris people would have taken my friend for a maniac. We stood talking in the road for at least a quarter of an hour and now I come to think of it, the whole of that time was taken up in inquiries after Mademoiselle Ethel — her health, her impressions of France and the French, her engage ments for the next week, and so forth. Then we dined together, and he was dtsoli that an appoint ment prevented his accompanying me home to pay his respects to you." , "He was a most delightful companion," remarked Ethel, as her thoughts went back to the very pleasant visit she had paid soon after Christinas to her friends the Lorraines, in Hampshire, and where she bad found the French Marquis already domiciled. "He is likely to keep up his character," said Jack. "His conversation during the whole of the dinner was upon one theme— that of making you extract the greatest possible enjoyment out of your visit. His mind was full of picnics, excursions, picture galleries, churches, theatres — in short of everything that would be capable of appealing to the heart of the female form divine. Now don't throw cold water upon his benevolent intentions, because if you do, we shall both miss a splendid opportunity of seeing the inner life of the Parisians. "I shall be too delighted at being initiated into the ways and manners of the gay French capital, to offer the slightest opposition to the Marquis's pro posals," replied Ethel. "Would you be equally pleased if be made you a proposal ? " asked her brother significantly. "Don't be so ridiculous, Jack. Tlie Marquis is Tery- pleasant ..and very, kind, but he does not meditate such an absurdity as you hint at." "I asked you a plain question, which referred to your feelings not the Marquis's, and therefore I claim a brother's right to receive information." "Then you must prevent the Marquis from spoil ing our pleasure, by watching for an opportunity of making him aware that my affections' are pre- engaged," replied Ethel in a low voice, and blushing rosy red. "What nonsense!" answered Jack with a slight sneer.. "Do you wish me to believe that you still have any regard for that maniac Gray ? Come, be senlible, and convince yourself that a marriage with him would be an utter impossibility." "Ah, Jack, do not adopt that tone in speaking of your old schoolfellow," said Ethel, with a sob. "He is not mad in the ordinary acceptation of the word, for his clinging sweetness to me since his illness has shewn a desperate depth of real feeling, such as would be an impossibility with a lunatic." "You have a very extraordinary manner of judg ing his case," answered Jack impatiently. "To my mind, his last escapade is conclusive proof of his uusouud intellect. No man who wished to be con sidered sane, would steal out of his house in the night like a thief, and voluntarily cut himself off from comfort, home, and friends, and sedulously conceal himself from all who wish him well. Gerald Gray has done this as the final climax of his madness." "I may not possess so much intellect as you, but I have a woman's power of instinctively jumping to right conclusions," replied Ethel, with suppressed indignation. " I am sure that Gerald's mind will one day recover its healthy tone, and I am convinced that he is not absenting himself from me of his own free will. I cannot give you any reasons for think ing thus, but I know I am right." "I cannot permit you to carry this folly any farther," said Jack. "The chances aire that Gerald Gray has gone out of your life for ever, and there fore your sentimental ideas concerning him had better be dissipated at once. As your natural guardian, 1 tell you, once for all, that should Gray by any chance ever turn up again, I would oppose your marriage with him. I am anxious to see yci. well settled for life, and I foresee that this desirable consummation will happen under the aegis of our friend the Marquis if you only play your cards properly." "This is tlie first time you have ever presumed to assume authority over me," said Ethel, sorrow fully. "Our father's death has, to a certain extent, placed me ill your power, but I most emphatically declare that neither you nor anyone else shall dictate to me on such a solemn subject as that of matrimony. If you will take my advice, you will discourage the Marquis de Dijonnais should lie endeayour to force his attentions upon me, for I will never entertain the least thought of marriage whilst poor Gerald is living, or whilst his fate is wrapped in mystery." "Come, drop these heroics, and condescend to tommon-sense," replied Jack. "Our income is a small one, but it is enough for us two whilst we live together. Now, I shall want to get married some day, possibly sooner than you imagine, and then you will have barely a sufficiency to enable you to live in a third-rate boarding house, amongst a lot of people whose manners will disgust your ideas of refinement. I am anxious to save you from such a miserable existence, and your acceptance of the Marquis's devotion will raise you to a good position in society add" obviate all the horrors fl> gfPTitpel pauperism." "Are you not counting rather too much upon the Marquis's iuteutions in regard to me?" asked Ethel. "Don't be hypocritical ! " was the rejoinder, " You know perfectlyFwcll'that had FyouJ given him the least encouragement last January, you would have had him at your feet." £5" mg "Perhaps that may be true, but it was seven months ago, and men can alter their minds oyei and over again in that time ! " - "It is useless to" argue the question," replied hei brother." "You are now in full possession of my ideas and wishes upon this subject, and for youi own sake you had better try to fall in with thein. The. Marquis will be here to-morrow morning, and J b.g that you will receive him with cordiality." I - A peremptoriness in her brother's tone wounded . Ethel deeply. Tears started to her eyes at these first symptoms of tlie conversion of fraternal love into something very much like a hostile attempt to coerce her most sacred feelings into a channel which could lead to notliiug but unhappiness. A French Marquisate offered no attraction so sweet as that of life with Gerald, restored to the full health 3j| and strength of manhood; and as she stood confront- .. ing her brother, she mentally resolved that nothing should induce her to give her baud without her heart. Her answer was tinged with a bitterness very oreign to her sweet nature. " Of course I shall j receive the Marquis with the cordiality he has done nothing to forfeit. But let me tell you that though we are in France, I do not intend to submit myself to this nation's method of arranging marriages. I > claim, even against your will, the right of consult- 4jp ing my own inclinations." . "Very well, then," replied Brandon. "Hug your delusions, and cherish them. But when the proper moment arrives, I shall find means to overcome your obstinacy. You may rest assured that such a brilliant match will not be allowed to fall through on account of your absurd whims and fancies. "Then I can only hope that you have misread Monsieur de Dijonnais's feelings," said Ethel. "He is a very agreeable man, and I should be sorry to inflict any disappointment upon him, as I should be forced to do if he proposed to me." " . "Are you declaring war against me ? " demanded Brandon, angrily. "As you wish ! " replied Ethel, with a shrug of her shoulders. "I should much prefer to regard you as a brother, but if you insist upon outraging my strongest, _ my holiest feelings, I shall resist you to the utmost. Our future affection therefore rests with you, to preserve or to mar, according as your policy ol worldliness sways you." " Is your opposition simply based upon your sentimental regard for Gray, or is it dictated by any other motive ?" asked her brother, impatiently. "Have I not given you motive enough ?" replied Ethel. "A marriage without love is godless, and could produce nothing but lifelong misery. With respect to Gerald, I knew him as a bright, intel lectual boy whose manliness and winning ways captivated my girl's heart. I admired him when I was a child of 16, but I loved him passionately at the time his illness first seized him. No matter how strange and eccentric his manner may have been with others, to me it was always sweet and gentle. Where you saw madness, I perceived nothing- but high and noble aspirations struggling to free themselves from a captivity which so inscrutably held them. He was thoroughly conscious of this, and often spoke to me of it, and of his confidence in finally coming off a conqueror. Though his con- dition of health restrained him from declaring his Love, yet his voice, eyes, and manner all told me. that he lived for me alone. Have you heard enough bo convince you that my heart is so absorbed in Gerald's, that it has no room for anyone else? Surely, after this confession, you will cease to persecute me, and allow me to await in peace my lover's return." "Your ideas are monstrous, and even if you possessed all the wealth of Golconda instead of having a very moderate income, I would never sanction an alliance with a man wlio has been declared mad by the law of England. Your opinion is to his sanity is of value only to yourself, but the sooner you agree with tlie majority the better it will be for you. Some wise man stigmatises love ss a state of temporary lunacy, and upon my word I begin to believe that, in your case at least, there 13 some -truth in the definition! Shake off your \ lunacy, look upon life as an evil to be got through as comfortably as possible, and then you will ricognise my superlative wisdom in counselling you to regavd o, inariaye de convena-tce as a very desirable . thing." (jo be continued.) 'W 