IMSSX'B " GHOSTS." TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. SIR-The statement of your English correspondent that Ibsen's " Ghosts," performed at the Independent Theatre, in London, has been " fiercely blamed without exception," is hardly correct. Leaving out of account those few who are favourable to both play and enterprise, and turning to the opinion expressed in the Athenum, we had a very different view from that of the angry majority, and one of more value, if only because the critic has not lost his temper. He says, "The play has scarcely an election able passage, and so far from being prurient it points a lesson of Puritan sternness." As to the unworthy attempts to pass a stop to the undertaking by calling on the Lord Chamberlain to interfere, it raises the question of what value is to be attached to the persistent outcry raised by Conservatives at the Socialists' idea of equal right established by lar The Alfttinottm remarks " That unless the Lord Chamberlain is coaxed or coerced into interference by those who will afterwards laugh at him, the storm will blow over," Surely grown-up people who read Ibsen may be trusted to look after themselves as well as dudes who boast of seeing a Gaiety burlesque 20 times. The value of the opposition to Ibsen and the Free Theatre will be taken for what it is worth by those who are acquainted with the unscrupulous manner in which Wagner s bountiful works were Treated by English critics in this enterprise an honest attempt is being made to have dramatic representations, which shall be placed beyond oatumoruiul influences Nothing is more natural than that the work of annuities should be chosen for the first performance who has never allowed his artistic aims to be influenced by secondary ccuuideraaoas. Ibsen's works in themselves are a protest against canyon terrorism and the selection of " Ghosts " was further intended to emphasise this moaning, and drive the nail home with greater effect. As to the charge of Im- morality made against Ibsen, it would be laughable If it were not melancholy, coming as it does from people who have before them (if their sense of decency leads them to prove on this question) a stone theatres and more in which the Loan nudity of Paris is the staple attraction and without which lunts theatres might oh well close their desire chums things are so well known that people cease to take notice of them Ibsen lava bars the mind. Plangoers In England prefer to see the female figure bared. Will anyone seriously conlon, that if by any possibility a poll could be taken to determine the standard of morality of a Gaiety trade once and that of the npoulng-nlghl andlouno'nt the performance of " Ghosts " It would remit to the detriment of the Utter V Those delicate outskirts of British prudery whose artistic sense of propriety is so grossly outraged by a performance of "(ghosts" or Rismerhnlm, can surely stop away. Nothing compels them to detach themselves note the leading strings of their mother, Mrs Grundy, except, indeed, whim In chosen iv races level with inanity. No sensible person wishes to decry fun or mirth-provoking nonsense "on the stage, but that spirit of the age which lends to burlesque everything, and thinks that the claims to seriousness in art at their value In Drury-lane horses or Lvomini i poultry and Ringo manag-'iiicnl, is not qualified to dictate to those whose endeavours lead them to ilUunaoctuto the theatre from trade. I am, F-., C. IRVINE. [Our correspondent's difficulty is easily explained. The letters of the writer of our "London gossip," to which he refers, is dated March 20, and the resonant, from which he quotes, was published on Saturday, March 21. Ella quotation, therefore, does not see that the statements of the writers our London Gossip" was not correct. Besides, our carry present only quilles the part of the comments of the Atlicincitm that suits his case. The following are also quotations from that journal : - " It is an uncomfortable, and in a sense unclean, piece, against the public production of which men may reasonably protest. ... It is dull, it To undramatic. Its subject is revolting, for acting purposes it is hopolosa."-Ed, S. M. II,] 