The Siege of Sunda Gunge. (From Temple Bar.) [CONCLUDED FROM LAST WEEK.] CHAPTER III. The men saluted and filed out. Vane was left alone. He turned, and was about to seat himself at the table, when, to his surprise, he saw a figure standing in the window of the room. He looked again—and saw that it was Lenora. Whatoould have brought her there he knew not—the truth he did not guess. Won dering, be took a step or two in. her direction, and was about to ask her what she wished, when she came hurriedly forward and stood beside him. " St. George," she said, " you must not go —you shall not go. Tell me you will not; pro mise me." As she spoke he thought for the first time of the veranda; she knew what he was going to do. He would much rather that she had not .known; but he answered simply: "It is my duty, Lenora." " Duty!" she repeated with impatience. " Oh, yes—but do not go! Send some one else; Burely there are plenty of men. Do not go, St. George." She laid her hand upon the young man's arm and looked up into his eyes. Great ia the power of beauty, though it be the beauty of Delilah. It could not make a man like Vane forgetful of his duty, or shake for more than a moment his natural resolution. But as he looked down at the lovely lips which tempted him, he did not turn at once sway. And yet her words jarred on him. He felt no surprise; he knew Lenora well; but he would have chosen that the girl to whom he gave his love, though she might part from him in agony of mind, would not have had him shirk his duty in face of danger. Love might be dearer to her than life, but honour should be dearer than either. He was on the point of speaking, when there appeared at the window of the room another figure. They both looked up, and saw it. It was Mary Sulland. Her face was very pale, and as she came forward a close observer might have seen that she was trembling. But her eyes shone with a strange light, and when she spoke her voice, though low, was thrilling in its distinctness. Her first words showed that she had not overheard, or had not understood, what had already passed between Lenora and St. George. "We know where yon are going," she said with shining eyes. " Lenora shall not be alone In bidding you godspeed before you go. I have come to do so, too;" and as she spoke ahe looked as a Spartan maiden may have looked when she sent her lover forth to death or glory. At the first sound of her voice Vane started. Their eyes met, and one might have thought that some reflection of the light in hers had flashed into his own. Without a word he took her hand and pressed it to his lips. Then with the same action of farewell to Lenora he turned away, reached the door of the apartment, and was gone. The whole scene was over almost in a moment. Yet scenes as brief have often been the turn ing point of lives—and so it was to be with these. Chaptbb IV. Lenora, with a half-hysterioal laugh, turned to the window and went out. Mary Sulland was left alone. Suddenly she sank upon a ohair, and burst into such a passion of tears as shook her very frame. It is not in the nature of any woman, how ever nobly made, however jealous of the honour of the man whom she regards, not to feel, at such a moment, a cruel agony of mind. She was alone. The excitement whioh had sus tained her was already over; and now the hard, plain fact, without disguise, pressed itself re morselessly upon her soul. Her hero bad gone forth to almost certain death. Her hero? Yes—he was her hero. She made no secret of it now, in her own heart. She loved him well. Gladly would Bbc have given her own life for his. But alas! what could she do ? All at once a wild thought struck her. Her cheek flamed; the old light kindled in her eyes. She started to her feet, pale, eager-eyed, and trembling—trembling now with new excitement. She seemed like one possessed by a spirit stronger than her own—by an impulse over mastering and resistless. For a moment or two she stood motionless, her eyes gleaming. Then turning, not to the window, but to the door, she hurried from the room. She went straight to her own chamber. In a few minutes Bhe came out again. She was now draped in a long, close, gray dressing gown, which completely covered her own dress. Her tall, slight figure, thus garmented, lookod like nothing so muoh as a gray ghost—and like a ghost in the failing light of evening she glided out of her chamber, and passed along the pas sages and down a flight of stairs. All at once Bhe stopped. Some noise alarmed her. And now she was afraid —afraid, not of what Bhe was about to do, but of being seen and thwarted in the execution of her plan. Pre sently all being still, Bhe again stole forward. The men were for the most part busy at tlioir posts about the fortifications, and the part of the station through which sho had to pass was Almost deserted. Fortune favoured her beside; po eye observed her as Bhe stole upon her way. At last, to her infinite relief, Bhe reached her destination. She stood in the archway whioh Ud out into the square. It was still empty. Vane's volunteers had gone in searoh of the articles required for the adventure, and had not yet arrived. The open court was before her; and there, in the middle of it, was the well. She knew the archway well!—its image had been dear to her mind's eye all along. It was a kind of tunnel, or covered passage, of brick work, some half-a-dozen yards in length. Near the outer end of the archway there was a but tress, and beyond it a reoess or deep niohe in the masonry. The niche was close beside the buttress, on the side toward the square. The gray figure reaohed the buttress—glided into the recess—and disappeared. Chapter V. Five minutes passed—ten minutes. Then the sound of steps was heard, and men entered the archway in a body. Vane was not among them; but immediately afterwards he appeared, together with another officer—the surgeon. By this time the sun had sunk, and but for the rising moon it would have been quite dark. As it was, the interior of the archway was in gloom; but the open square outside was bathed in light—a light uncertain, shadowy, spectral, yet permitting any object moving in it to be distinctly seen. The woodwork which had sup ported the windlass of the wall had been shat tered by the shot, and now stood in ruins; but the chain remained intact, its end twisted round a broken stump, and the bucket hung in safety inside the opening of the well. No time was lost. Vane spoke a word or two, by way of last directions to the men; then taking a bucket in bis hand, so that, if by any chance he escaped the shot, he might do his share in bringing in the water, he turned toward the square. That his chance was very slight he knew. And as he turned to go forth into the range of the cannon his face, though resolute, was grave. He had already taken a step or two in ad vance, when he suddenly stopped short. What was that ? A soft, gray, ghostly figure started out of the wall in front of him, and flitted forth into the open air. Before he had recovered from his amazement it had already reached the well. For the space of an instant it stood there, motionless; then, as if desiring rather to attract attention than to shun it, it raised both arms above its head and waved them in the moon light. In a moment—just as Vane, recovering a little, started out of the archway—the cannon thundered ; a storm of shot whistled in the air, ploughed up the ground and rattled along the ruined wood-work of the well. Vane was still outside its range, and no shot struok him. But the phantom figure—rwhat of it? He looked, and thrilled. What dark thing was that .whioh now lay motionless beside the mouth of the well ? He had not seen the figure fall—but it was down upon the ground. Chapter VI. When the night was past; when the next day shone; when the dial-finger marked the hour a little after noon, the garrison of Sunda Gunge was shaken suddenly by strange excite ment. First, there became audible a noise of wild confusion in the encampment of the Sepoys round the walls. It grew—it gathered volume; it swelled into a tumult. Guns fired; voices yelled; a sound was heard as of the stampede of innumerable feet. Then, drown ing every other sound, arose the loud hurrahing of English voices ; and this, taken up by those inside the garrison, became in a few minutes a perfect tempest of wild cheering, ringing far and near. Suddenly—unexpectedly—relief had come. The rebels were flying in all directions; their camp was in the hands of the English soldiers. The siege of Sunda Gunge was over. It is not our purpose to dwell upon the scene that followed. From that tumult of wild joy, of almost fierce excitement, we must turn away, and follow St. George Vane. As soon as the fact of the relief, was certain, he stepped oat of the crowd, and made his way, alone and unperceived, along the deserted passages to a certain room, whioh lay in the rear of the walled buildings. It was the very room from whioh the night before a slender gray-draped figure bad stolen softly out. Just as he reaohed the door, and was hesitat ing at the threshold, Mrs. Jessop, who had been called out by the noise of the cheering, was seen returning in a state of muoh excite ment. Vane accosted her eagerly, but in low tones. "Is she better? Can I see her yet?" he said. "She is muoh better; she is dressed and sitting up. But the noise alarmed her. She does not know the cause of it. Will you come in and tell her?" Vane followed her into the room. In a large chair next the window, looking very white and weak, with a bandage round her temples, where the shot had grazed and stunned her, sat Mary Sulland. As Vane entered she looked round. He paused, and for some seconds the two regarded each other. He had not seen her since, the night before, he had carried her, swooning, to her room. He had heard, with infinite relief, that the wound was not serious; and, inquiring hourly at her door throughout the night, he had learned that the swoon was passing off, and that with some hours of rest there would be little to be feared. Yet now, as he stood before her, even the great event which had just happened was less present to his mind than nnxiety to satisfy himself, with his own eves, that she was safe. The shock which he had felt at the moment when he had raised her in his arms, and caught sight of her white face in the moonlight, was with him still. He had felt at that instant a certainty that she was killed. And indeed she had had a wonderful escape. Every sportsman who has tried his gun at a sheet of blank paper knows that it will some times happen that, while the paper will be spotted thick with pellets, there will sometimes be a spaco left free of shot, large enough, perhaps, to have let the game escape, however true the aim. It had so happened here. Amid the storm of shot only one had grazed her; the rest had whistled past her without harm. But where her slender figure had so narrowly escaped, a man, being of larger bulk, would inevitably have been struck down. Mary Bolland had, in foot, been •lightly wounded, where Vane would have been killed. During (he hour* o( night, while he had wandered up and down outside her door, too restless to seek for sleep, he had thought of all these things. He had thought of the girl who had risked her life for his; he had let his memory go back into the past and call to mind all that he had owed to Mary Sulland through the years that he had known her; how all his noblest aspirations, dreams, ambitions, had come from her, or had been fostered and strengthened by hor sympathy; and he had wondered how it was that he himself had never realised, till now, what she had been to him. And now, as he stood beside her, as he looked at her again, he wondered more and more. The look of inquiry on her face recalled him to himself. "I am forgetting," he said. "I am glad to be the first to bring you the good news. I see you guess it. Yes, relief has come. The siege is over." She looked at him with eagerness. One thought filled her mind—it forced a passage to her lips. " Then you will not have to go again for water?" As the words escaped her she flushed red. Her action of the night before had hardly been her own—so overmastering had been the impulse which had hurried her away. And now, like a woman, she was troubled by a doubt —what would he think of her? Had she, in thrusting herself between him and danger, forfeited for ever his esteem ? How could she expect that he would understand ? He did understand, however —at least partly. He saw that she was troubled, and ho took the best course possible to set her at her ease. He meant to regard what she had done as a matter which, between themselves, required no explanation. As for others, they knew nothing. Except that Bhe had been slightly hurt by a stray piece of shot, no one, not even the Colonel or Lenora, knew the truth. The men who had been at the archway had only the vaguest idea of what had passed. The secret was their own. " No," he said, smiling, " I shall not have to go again. Nor, what is of much greater consequence, will you, Mary." She answered with a smile. They understood each other. He was bending over her; she was looking up at him. Mrs. Jessop was not near them, ana it was almost as if they were alone. From the distance came a noise of voices cheering, as if they never meant to stop; but in the room itself there was no sound but their own murmured talk. " As soon as you are well again," he said, " I shall be very angry with you, Mary. I had a chance of getting the Victoria Cross, but now they will let you have it, I suppose." She laughed softly, for his words were music to her. But it was not his words alone that thrilled her blood. She had won a richer prize than the Victoria Cross, and now she knew it. For in his eyes, as she looked up at them, she saw the flame of love. 