HYPNOTISM. I wish I had never seen lrro. I wish I didn’t always want to know the reason why, I wish I wasn’t perpetually troubled by an imperti nent curiosity. Why couldn’t I have been con tent with what I had got in the ** Encyclo pedia” and “Inquire Within Upon Every thing V” Why should I bo always posing as an intelligent inquirer ? It has cost me exactly ten thousand pounds. I am his only nephew, and I corresponded with Uncle Boultby ever tinco he emigrated as a st serago passenger seventeen years ago. You see Uncle Boultby had been very kind to me ns a hoy. Ho used to take me out fishing with him and give me shillings; that is the kind of uncle a boy like*. And when Uncle Boultby was shipped off to America with a single £5 note in his pocket to take his chance, I believe I wa< the only person who was genuinely sorry lor him. Ana Uncle Douttby was quite aware of the fact. The reason of Unde Boultby’s expatriation was, as grandfather nut it, that he didn’t kuow how to say '* No.” Uncle B. was nobody’s enemy hut bii own—that is to say, he got drunk whenever he had the chance, For ten years Unde Boultby worked as a common navvy. In America, yon know, you have to woit err starve; there are no societies in America, as there are in England, for making the life of the working-man beautiful; it it •imply that—work or starve. Then Unde Boultby, after ten yeais, had a shoe of luck; he bought a share In a mining claim and in five years ho made £10,000. Then he came home, and informed me that I was to he his He hadhenn af home a year; he had had one attack of delirium tremens that brought him to death’s door; then, by my advice, he allowed himself to be incarcerated under the Habitual Drunkard* Act. lie was discharged as incur able after vix months; he bwan his old tricks again, anU I had reason tobelieve he would not last mu& longer. So I went down to Ply mouth to-tcok after mv Uncle Boultby. I was-sitting in a first-clam carriage iu the Great Western express with an uncommunica tive person in a tweed suit. His luggage was onlnereck; ft consisted of a Gladstone bag; there was 'a label on the Gladstone big. 1 ■stood-up to read it under the pretenoe of open ing'the-rentilator. 1 read the name Professor Tsdgtr. I was rather pleased than otherwise. 'What slot of information I might be able to extractfrom the Profsmor if I only went the right may to work. I remarked that it was a fine -day. Professor Tadger nodded. I said thill there was very little in the paper. Again the'Frofececr nodded. I tried to get into con versation with him by the usual devices. I could get nothing out of him hut nods. What’s the use of being a professor if you don’t pro fess-? Terhaps, I thought, after all the fellow is jaitacommonconjuror, ora corn-cutter, or a hairdresser. 'They often call themsslve* pro testors. For a wholehour the Profmeor had been resting silently a black hook in German. All X could make out was that the author's namo^WBi^olJjjVjI fed only known German \- sa-vc found out what uiS about. -Suddenly a very extraordinary.*"111*' happened. Professor Tadger began to start K me tn in aixeeesivelv rude manner. I turned my.eycs .yavay, 'When. I looked again in his direction he was still staring—staring in a way that madesny fleah creep. W»* he mad ? He frightened me. “Don’t ilsok atm* like that, sir,” I cried. “ Aren’t you well ?*’ and I was about to seire ■the handle ‘by which you communicate with the “Tion't alarm .yourself,” raid Professor Tadger very-suavely: “ I only wanted to see if vou were susceptible to the influence. I fanned thst you would make a good subject: eo you wotting -if yon didn’t resiit.” Then he explained to me that he took a great interest in whst he called hypnotic*. ' “Ah,” I said lauglyogiy, “yeu'.ve got a show; if it'a at Plymouth I’ll patronise yon. I’m going to Plymcwih.” ••Sotml,” said Professor Tadger; 11 hut I haven't got a show. I take an interest in the thing simply as an observer. I am a biologist-.” “l)o you mean to seriously say that it isn’t bods?” I asked. Professor ledger only glared at me. “ Sleep." be said, very blandly. That’s ail I remember till I found mnelf rubbing my eyes, and seated on the luggage rack in front of Profeiior Tadger, for all the world as if I had been a performing monkey. “ Why don't you caaio down r*’ said Pro fessor Tadger. “ Do you believe iu hypnotism It was a very curious tiling. I remembered perfectly well our conversation up to the point when the Professor ha I said “Sleep,” bull remembered nothing more. I felt very indig. naat indeed, and I came down from the lugg*gc-rack; ibcnlfeit for my watch and I felt for my purse. They were all right. “You have played a very unjustifiable trick upon me,” I said. “Not at all,” said the Professor: “not at all; it was no trick, it wag an experiment. I am successful with about 50 per cent, of ordi nary subject?.’’ It is not nice to bo called an ordinary sub ject. Then ho began to talk about hvpriotiim. I didn't behove half ho laid at first ’ “ You should get over that feeling,” said the Professor. ” Hypnotism is a very interesting subject, a* you would acknowledge if you had seen any of our experiments at Oxfosd. If you to b* rafficicnt to convince you that hypnotism i* not nonsense. Were 1 so inclined," he added, with a little laugh. ” I could relegate you to the luggage-rack till we reached Fly There was no withstanding that argument; I caved in st once. *' You see there is nothing wicked or un canny or diabolical about hvpnotasm,” said Professor Tadger; “you should disabuse your mind of any silly idea of that sort. It is a subject we know very little about; but we should approich it seriously, because, you know, it is a thing that will, sooner or later, be probably introduced into ordinary medical practice. I am not a doctor; but I have hypnotised a great number of peojile, and I have often been able to relieve pain. I'll give s pain. I'll give you instance*. A person comes to me suffering from neuralgia. I hypnotise him. There is no mistake whatever about tb» neuralgia; it has perhaps lasted several days; the face is swollen. I ran remove a headache in the same war.” I don't like the tiling,” I said. “There is a good deal too much hanky-panky for me. Besides, I have seen lots of the so-called ex periments, and it always appeared to me that the poor devils who acted as subjects were simply accomplice* who received payment to make themsclvts ridiculous.” “Thaimay or may not be the case,” said Professor Tadger. “ Hook ujonit as a very sad thing that people should bo hyjuiotised for the amusement nf their l-lio ar-raeu ; but there is certainly some good to be got out of hypno tism, and the study of the subject, the ultimate benefit of the human race being the object in view, can do no harm. There is nothing like a crucial test,” said the Professor. “ We are bjth going to Plymouth. I am stopping at the Koyal. Here it mv auxl.‘> Htfjravt a C*N QU winch *a* iii*cribtd I'norESSOr, TadoeS,-College, Oxford. “ Now, I’ll tell you what I will do for you. If you will present yourself at my hotel with three ordinary individuals between theagesof eleven aud tive- ond-forty — old people and young children are bad subjects, that is why I make the suggestion as to age—I will show you a very extraordinary exp-criment. You shall bring with you a new pack of cards in its vmpper._ 1 will hvpuotiso one of the subjects. You shall select a card yourself whose face I shall not see. I will place the card in the baud oi the subject, hack towards him; I will tell him that it is a photograph of, say, the Prince of Wales. He will obey my •suggestion,’ which I make in a sufficiently authoritative manner, and he will agree that it is a photograph of the Prince of Wales; and to him. pletselo understand, it has ceased to be a playing card, snl, after my ‘mandatory net.’ to limit is a photograph of the Prince of Wales, aud nothing else. I will direct him to throw it upon the table. You shall fling down the rest of the pack, backs upwards, upon it; and. well mixing the cards, you wiil watch us both as narrowly as you nke. I trill then simply say to the subject, • Which of thus photographs is that of the Prince of Wales ?’ He will unhesitatingly select the card originally banded to him.” “ProfessorTadger,” said I, “if you will do that I will beliere ail you say—nay, more, I will give you a testimonial.” “ It is Tery good of you,” said the Profeesor; •’ but I am not in need of a testimonial." “ Can you tell me,” I said, a little severely, * Of any permanent benefit to anybody which &ss; ever been produced by hypnotism i" “ Oh, certainly,’’ said the Professor, affably; 1 ill ere are innumerable recorded case*. I am Hot a doctor, as I have told you, hut 1 hare cured three habitual drunkards.” “The cures took some time, Ishould think?” J remarked, derisively. “One sitting wss enough,” replied the Pro fessor, with a smile. “If you do the card trick.” said I, “you ghali try your hand on Unde Boultby.” The Profemor expressed hi* readiness to Undertake what he called “the experiment with the playing-cards,” and suddenly took an immense interest in Unde Boultby. We reached Plymou h. I went to ree Uncle Boultby. My undo'* doctor told me he didn't think lie would pull through. The same even ing I called upon the Professor with three *’ subjects,” chosen haphazard. The Pro fessor’s triumph was complete. The experiment with the playing-cards came off at the first time. I took the Profetaor straight over to Unda Boultby’a plaoe. Uncle Boultby was Terr bad iadssd—he didn’t even recognise me; he called me Julius Caser. Aud when I introduced the Professor, mypoor uncle said. ’’ Ok, PraluM F<*nr, of ccuree. I hope he kasa't brought his ghost” Professor Tadger stared at Umrethar *?ggfr'...’.g1—P”* he said, iaa fires voice, penky of any kind. . — mmy. Csds Boslte’s *— f fill*jsil husk. —* ha •vat off as sound as a houae'a an instead ~ 4* Open your eyes and listen to mo,” said tho Professor, in an awfnl tone. Uncle Boultby openod his eyes, and tho Pro fessor shook his forefinger at him. 44 When you wake, continued Professor Tadger, “you will hate all kinds of wines, spirits, or fermeuted drinks; the smallest quantity will make you horribly sick. You will turn teetotaller: Wake:” added the Pro fessor—44 wake!*' Uncle Boultby did wake os though from a refreshing sleep. 441 wish you good evening,” said the Professor. 441 hopo Sou’ll get better.’* Then he marched out of le room and I haven't seen his face since. Uncle Boultby did get better—he got well; he turnod teetotaller; he ate hia Christmas dinner with us. There was iust a little brandv in the pudding, which wo Usd forgotten. It made Unde Boultby horribly ill. Uucle Boultby is going to bo married to morrow. I am going to the wedding. I feel as if I were going to my own fuuerai. If it hadn’t been for my cursed curiosity about hypnotism, I should hare been the better by £10,000. As for Professor Tadmr—?bother PirrfoRsnr Tadger —St. Jaunt**t {jdzettc. 