TYnanc?1, cfY/'cvirrPr 'cyclic? Bob, the Engine -Driver's Fantasy. A Stoker's Yam. This is what Bib Cniiks^uVs said. With a. doubtful shake of the he nil. And au oilv hand that beff.ni to feel Hound the fringe of his he-ird so red. As he leant against the driving wheel : ' In the roir of the e»ig:ne upon the rail, Wlvch I d-'mlv feel Underneath mv h^l. Lurks the innate of that which I always fail To put into fitt;n£r words, tli nu eh I hear The grea t song humming within my ear. '? It begins when I start, aud it follows on. It mingles and finds A home in the winds, Who catch and toy with its rough, wild tone. It never ceases, for when we come To a stand it sinks to a softer hum. ?' When I lean wvself over the side to watcli The cranks. I know That somewhere below In the network of rods there is one to catch The mus'c thev make, which he sines a era in To the monster who lets me hold the rein. ' It roars in the tunnel. it rrleams ;n the night, And with wild desire From the furnace fire Leaps sudden and swift with the column of light Tliat shoots to the clouds iu its frenzv 1o win Fresh food for the flame that is seething within. ' It whirls with the smoke : it takes up to the air Tn the whistle that speaks Its stern watchword, and shrieks, As if half given over at times to despair : Nav. it even twines itself round the wheel Till the mighty rim staggers and seems to feel. ' It waves from the mist looming up like a wall On each side as we peer To catch signals at clear ; It flares from the head -light that swims like a ball Of w-iin, dim light, or the eve of a ghost. With its shadowy form in the darkness lost. ' Is it. the wailing snirit of steam St'll following on With n. wild, drear moan, Its mightv firsr-born or a voice from the dream Of the things that will be when the years display The wild results which we shape to-day ? ' It is something like this which I fancy I hear In the roar of the wheel Underneath my heel, As we dash through sna.ee in our wild career ; But to nut it into words, you see, Is the thing just now which is puzzling me.' Tliat was what Bob Cruikshanks said. With an oily hand that still would feel Round the fringes of his beard so red, While the other felt for a pipe which he Lit., with a shake of his head at me. As he leant against the driving wheel. Alexander Anderson. 