AOTA. PQPTOI. ? „ ,.?.:.;; '.. ?: Bt Thtj Flaneur. A national calamity has fallen on the land ! The iTestor of New South Wales has been stricken down in the thickest of the fight, and at a time, toOj when hio unwavering honesty, his shrewd counsel, and his lion-hearted courage were most needed to check the assaults of foes without and the despicable machinations of traitors within. The death of sturdy old Sir John is not a Bingle doom, for by it passes away a moiety o£ this young Struggling worm, vl uut». iuuu«u uuiu m England, Australia was really his native land aiad he loved the colony his lot was cast in 'With a love like unto that which fired the hearb3 of the brave men of old who foughb and fell on Corioli's plains and Marathon. H- died in harness, fighting to the last, and he fell with the sound of victory ringing in his ears, for his vigor ous onslaught most materially helped tc defeat the designs of those wretched tuft- huntars who, for the sake of a title such aa could please none but their spaniel souls, would rivet the fetters of Imperialism on the land for evermore. Almost the last words our grand old hero wrote were contained in a letter to the S. M. Herald, published the very day he died, and here they are :— ' No humbug ! The question now is, Home Rule for New South Wales, or the opposite.' No, humbug! That was his motto all through his. long and useful life. His heart fairly warmed to a manly, open foe $ but he hated the- scheming, skulking humbug with a fierceness that knew no bounds, and he took mighty good care that the humbug was welj.j aware of that fact also.. There was something to adrniue even ift the oH warrior's faulty, for they were- those which bid us remem berrthat the noblest of up alii is but a man.. They were but as. spots on the sun, lostun the glowing splendour oil his good deeds. In this age of sham, when low cunning passes for exalted wisdom, when the glitter of brass catches the eye quicker than the sheen of solid gold,, ami the sweetest song is drowned by the. loudest voice, he was the one maa we could least have spared. His memory, however, willilast for all time, and when the true history of Australia is written, one of the most honoured names to adorn its pages will be that of honest, chivalrous, kindly-hearted Sir John Kobertson — ' The- noblest Eoman of them all!' My veny good' friend the Priaee of Wales Eeems tohave fallen on evil days of late, and the deuce of , it? is- his troubles are o£ such a peculiar nature 1\. that neither Me nor Parke3 can do anything to relieve thim. If he wanted a ' pome' dashed off, or a good reliable tip for the 'Cup' we could oblige him: at once ; but he wants money, and, Heu me miserwn ! so do all of us. This is a terrible thing, \- for although the people inured to poverty may not be able to realize the fact, still ifc is in reality harden1 for a rich, man to went a carriage and pair than it is £6r a poor man to wane a square meal or a clean shirt. Putting aside all ' pribblesond prabbles'* the plain truth seems to ba that Albert Edward has grievously ' outrun the constable,' the Jews have him fast in their toils, and unless Mlamma tmloado her well-stuffeel stocking of seve ral hundred thousand pounds our coming King is lliable to be sold up, just the aame as if he were an ordinary man made out of the same common mud aa-his butcher 01? his baker. There can be no mistake a/bout this, for a London paper — evidently BsBerring to the Wales-Hirach chumship — asks, ' Iaa certain Royal residence mortgaged to a cer tain foreign millionaire for ,£400,000 or any Bum ? (And if so, does tho fact account for eome extra ordinary intimacies lately very publicly com mented upon?) Will the 'assets' of a certain city firm, more or less supposed tohave 'gone under/ include a debt of .£250,000 from a certain perEonage who shall be nameleES, and which sum. or any part of it cannot be got at any price ?' , Just here Me and Parkes will retire to have a real good cry over our afflicted brother who can'^ settle up. : There appears to be some ground for suapect ., : ing that what we members of tbe aristocracy call ... .' shuffling the broads ' and ' rattling tho boxes,' or what the vulgar term card and dice playing, .. :, have had a deal to do with Albert Edward's dis ; 'aster. Thus recalls the notorious gambling . episode in which our friend 'WaleG' held tbe 'bank' it's Mr*. Wilson'a little Tranby Croft party, when Sir Will am Gordon-Cumming is said (uDJustly, I think) t6 have worked the ' Heathen Chinee ' racket fco perfection. Queen Victoria is repotted to bo as mad as. a wet hes. over that affair, and I don't doubt the rumour either, for our 'good and gracious,' and likewise ' downy,' ruler would naturally be firmly opposed to auy vice in which her big boy was likely to como out a losex*. So long as he scoopad the pool every time, Lhe baccarat business was meiely a little harm less amusement, but the moment it began to empty Albert Edward's pockets it was written down as a wile of the devil. The morality of card plajing depends a great deal on whether a man holds a winning flush or a hand that ia as barren of trumps a3 Tummy's bump of benevolence is of hair. If any gentleman (poor mon musfa skip thin par) wiBhes to eavn an honest living by card-3harping tho first thing he ha-3 to learn is the way to take up the ' pasteboards ' when cut, and replace them as they would have been had there been no cut. This is the mode of working the trick. In taking up the cards, place the first and last fingers underneath the paok. Press tho latter against the pack, when the cards below the cut will re volve over those above it. As soon as this revo lution is made, withdraw the first and last finger. In order nob to be perceived, do this with tbe left hand, and hold the right hand over the pack, and at the moment of effecting tho change observe that ' law and order must be upheld at any coat ;' 'the working men don't know when they are well off,' ' Federation is in the air/' or any other remark which will distract attention. Ib may be verv wroner for mo to educate our readers ur- to this, but I intend to balance it off next week by lecturing on Theosophy, or Colonel Olcott and Madame Blavatsky's ' sophy ' — or new religion (latter-day faith-founders always run in pairs), and besides, I'll give the antidote to the card trouble as well. In order to detect such trickery never lose sight o£ the dealer's hands, and do not raise youc eyea when he speaks, even though he says a trourpe oi Mahomet's gazelle-eyed houris are coming down through the ceiling. Also ob serve, when he takes up the cards attar they are jjut, whether he holds them in such a way tbat he aan tell exactly where the cut was made. Here endeth the first lesBon. Looking at a photo of Gordon-Cumming's frank manly face, and remembering his brave deeds at Ulundi (he was the first man to enter Cetewayo's Kraal) and in Stewart's bungled march to relieve General Gordon, I cannot believe that such a man would stoop to a mean swindle for a paltry 'tenner.' The fact is, he annoyed the Prince of Wales, for that worthy swell kept; the baccarat bank on the first nights of the play^in Mrs. Wil son's snug back parlour. On one occasion Tummy's bank lost to Gordon- Cuaiming's side o£ the table, and the banker paid the player .£5. ' There is another £10 here, Sir,' said Sir Wil liam. The Prince then thrust over tbe extra notes and muttered something in his guttural German way about wishing the players would place their stakes where they could be seen. Losing does not improve a man's temper, as most of us who have walked home by the dirt road from Eandwick know. Baccarat is an extremely simple game, just suited to the feeble intellect of the British aris tocracy, and the whole principle is that the players bet that in eash deal they will get nearer fco 8 or 9 pips than the banker. The only legiti mate meano o£ cheating I know of aro using a stocked lob of cards, and secretly increasing the 3takes on the board when you are winning and decreasing them when losing. Gordon-Cumming is aacused of working the increase game on Mr. Waleo ; by no means a good mark to try the trick on. It is said that a?ter losing a little Albert Edward became extra smart, and suspecting; some thing he \- — u— roao with a sigli, And said, ' Can tbia be ? We are ruined by Scottish cheap labour,' And ho went for that heathen Scotch-ee, Or rather his amiable hostess and her loyal family did, for they formed themselves into a private detective band and laid themBelves out to trap bhe man who had accepted their shelter and broken bread with them as a guest. This may be the aristocratic Briton's notion of hospitality, but ifc would bp scorned and oven punished by a chief in ' Darkest Africa,' and I would be heartily pleased to hear the verdict o£ the English Court - svent against the TrarJby Croffc toadies. ij From baccarat to bazaars may be a tremendously \ long stride, but I take- it in order to ro'.a;l 1 good scory recently told ? of a party o£ pretty bazaar banditti who surrounded tvnah'eady well-drained visitor and said, 'Come, Mr, S-oodolesorb, let us puc you down for this lovely :ea-cosy, only forty members at a pound a metn j;v. It will make your tea, ta3te liko champagne, ind you know the Lord I-ove3 a cheerful giver.'' 'Tea, that's all right,' moaned the luckless nan ; ' but I'd like to 'Icnow what heaven thinks; ! )£ you cheerful beggars!1' 'Thinks *ve arc mgels in disguise,' replied the leader or' the jandits, and off they ski.pped to bag another yictirn. Of lata Sit Henry Pcrkea J lias developed, a mania ;or starbling==-or attempting . tostarble^ine world by means of the most sensational statements he can concoct. Ht3 awful shocker about the moneyed idiot who offerbl .£10,000 for a seat in the ' House o£ Jobi\ Davits' was a very fair thing in ifca way for a start. ' This,' aaid Sic Henry, ' I considered to be pretty stiff.' And 00 say all of us — as regards the story — which Bome declare to be atiffor than the greatest pedestrian fr:iud that ever slipped in his tracks accidentally for the purpose. To-day Sir Henry proclaims aloud that he is as great a man aa the Russian Czar, for he, too, has assassins on his trail. This is stiffer than tbe other tale, and it betrays a great want of origin ality even in the censation- liaising line, for after the derision which mot the good old Ivi-ima Ghost ono would naturally think Sir Henry would try another line of gooda entirely. Instead of this, however, we find him endeavouring to scrape sympathy up by a 'norrible tale ' oil a member of the Peak Hill MaBa gang who has kindly written to advi3O Sir Henry to advertise his (Sir Henry'e) funeral for the 17th of May, and he, the Mafia gentleman, will talce cara that the subject is all in readiness for burial. The fact is that some whisky-soaked lunatic, while on a razzle-dazzle at Peak Hill, called foe pen, ink and paper in a public-house, and in the presence of the landlord and a number oi: other persons wrote his awful and extremely secret missive and posted it just for the 'fan of the thing.' Of course the Etupid fellow should be punished for hi3 drunken pranlc, but the idea of treating him as a cross between the envious Casea and Guido Fasvkes meditating an assassination for political purposes is enough to make even Captain Cook's old stitue split; in two with laughter. 