ANOTHER "DREAM" BT SCHKEESEB. OLIVE "GOD'S LIGHT ON THE MOUN- TAINS." " And God said, Lei there be light. And there light." One by one the clouds lifted, and the dense drooping veils of mist were slowly -withdrawn. The great mountains became visible, clearly defined against the heavens' ethereally faint blue. Eternal snow lav frozen white upon them, and their cold high peaks seemed very far away. But one wide bar of luminous gold lightened their slopes towards the cast; and in that warm and tender haze the haxd snow melted, and the pu pie violets opened into bloom. Two dark figures of men advanced into the light. They had climbed for many hours. They had seen tbe radiance from afar, and now they entered it together. They were brothers in their common lot and creed, but es they stepped into the golden glory their brows grew heavy with distrust and wrath. "Whatdoest thoa here!" said the oae. " The light is mine!" " ^fay, fool," said the other, "thou liest— the light is mine! " And the evil frown deepened on their faces, and they forgot their brotherhood and fought —fought with a merciless blind fuiy for every inch of that -wondrous light that was not theirs; fought till the violets on the turf sickened and died in the torrent of blood that was shed. But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. And the Shadow'sname was Death. Then those contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering their eyes they fled swiftly; and the Shadow went with them. And their blood sank into the cool, brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay still upon the mountains- * « * « * Two women came into the Light. They were great Queens, brow-bound with sold and burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dragged a fainting feeble creature 1:1m a child with wings, an almost dying thing that wept and wailed aloud and shuddered as it came. Reaching the Light, the women paused and faced each other. " Loose thou thy hold of Love," said the one—" for lo, we have reached the sroal, and, by the-wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love are mine." "O traitress!" cried the other. "What hast thon to do with beauty -where I am ? I am the mistress of the world; love is my servant, light my heritage. Depute no more, for love and light are mine !" And again the shadow fell. Then those two rival Queens grew pale and thin, and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. But the winged child remained alone weeping. And God's Light lay softly on the mountains. * * * * » A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. Bare-headed and with uplifted eyes he paused and looked and smiled. His limbs were very weary, his hands -were hard with unrewarded toil; hut, though his face was aleand careworn, it was beautiful. His eps parted in a sigh of rapture. T 1 ^^ths.LigW !" he said, » My God, 1 thank Thee !" ' i t And the winged Love, who wept alone, drew near to hua and kissed his feei. "O, -who art thou?" it questioned him sobbingly. "Who art thon that has toiled so fur to find Hie Light, and hast no word of envy on thy Hps, but only peaoe and f piaiser" And the Stranger smiling, answered, " I am known as the Despised and Lonely. In all the world I possess nothing—not even a blessing. Alone I have been from the first Beginning—alone I must be to the last End. Bnt I have sought the Light and found it. wherefore I praise the Giver of the Light who hath not Buffered me to be dismayed. Sorl hear tte name most hated among men —the name of Troth." And again the Shadow fell. Only it -was no more a Shadow but a Brightness, brighten- Mginto the Light itself. And tired Truth drank «i the golden Glory, and grew strong. Love dried its childish tears, and afar off there was a sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Light widened on the mountains. [This poetical allegory is sent to us by a co: corraanondmf irraepondent as joe having originally • .11 appeared s in an n old number of an African misdonair magazine, now extinct. It -was there unsigned, bnt no one who reads it {says our correspondent) can doutt that Uis ocnreotly attributed above. If not by Miss Schroder, otiaoartawlya very happy attempt in the TS^? 0116 concerning the marriage a ® u "<? t Siberian .railes aiTlublished inthe órcnnistanoes entails 0 1 mart fcn^? ^ ' i ?^ in the event of the partaernot d^fing to ^ wilŁ the SiSv,-™ . SsJno 4 now "SOBB rales for the »"?««« in Siberia between Biose whose previous mamaeee have been fafhi^tf tK^TO^^P *?ON~Mn>.a»s ixrnKGS.- PIlsSiSSSspwbng. nagtog ^ ^ 