Good L-iw But Had Pnicfice. Si die time )«('!,' J)).f Honour Ibe Chief Justice held that- «hi»>linj» a huiuliiv was. if t.lw shooter not in imminent fear of his life, nothing short ..f murder. Mr. Justice Hamilton. of the. <'utility ('mill, Ii.ts mm- laid down thu unimpeachable dictum t lint a. man may not. take the (aw into /lis mm hnnd*. \\\"<\- should not fe inclined In ijuiirrel with this as a matter of law, hut 31 r. Justice .Hamilton backs up his opinion strongly by heavily fining the aggrieved in favour nt tin 1 aggressor. He gives a substantial verdict to the man who was legally and morally in the wrong, ami the man who was only moraliy and not legally right has to pay anil grin and bear it. After reading the particulars of the case our soaring brain imagined something like the following possibility miimni;:— Si-KNK : HirtDisliiii-slmi't, Till):: Midnight. Judge lloiiiiUun t» tie fern on his irny Inline frnin the Ytmig Men'* ChrifUnn .(ssomli'.m's gathering. Suddenly Ii)il>e(irb In in'm it gnnvlter. trim tmih the worthy Judge iiy. JrnciK. -What do \i,u want ? CAKiiormi. -Your money or your life. •liTiifiK.—Hut you really must not, you know. ) do not want to pari with either. Hesides.you are taking the law into your own hands, and that is not right, you know. Uahhottkh.-—Blow the law. ] want coin. You have it and I mean to take it and the law into my own hands. Judhb.—But this is wrong. Jf you persist. J shall really have to strike you- -1 really shall. 1 know it is wrong, but I must, positively save my watch. Itaiihottkk fs/i'infi/).—What? Would you, a judge, dare to take the law into your own hands r i shall report you to the Crown Law Department as a hypocrite who dares not practise what Ik; preaches. .InuuE.—Spare me. 1 forgot. I have ninth pleasure in handing you over uiy purse and all that. 1 possess, with the exception of mv watch, 'l'hat is a treasured relic, because it makes me keep uj) to the time of the legal day. <iAM(OTTKR.—-No half measures with me. Fork over the watch. 1 don't get a chance of robbing a judge eveiv day. Ji'DfiE.—Well, take it . I'm u much bigger man than you are. and could easily knock you down, and hand you over to the tender mercies of the police, but fiARROTTEH.—But you dare not. take Dip law into your own hands. Jvtmn.—Tive—tw true. But. tlien J can inform the police and the detectives, and you will be liable to be arrested and punished for this illegal act. Iiakkotteb.—Well, you see, every building society secretary has to take that chance if he lakes the law into hisou-n hands. / do this sort of thing with my eyes open. ) have decided to take the law into my own Ha'. Would you hit a man smaller than yourself y If you had done thai, S'elp me jiminy Hamilton, if ye'd ha' done that I'd brought an action against you for assault, You wouldn't ha' had the ghost of a defence, cos yon tool; the law into your own hands. You have got your legal remedy against me. N\,w, I'll trouble you for that 'ere overcoat. •11 1 DGk.—Hut it is such a cold nigh), and influenza is about. Kakrotteu. — Orf with the overcoat. Ji.'DGi: 'suiting the n-ord tn the nrfi«nj.—Omcoats is orf. OAititoTTKH.—Now your coat and vest. Ji'dgk.—-No, sir. It is necessary that I make a stand. You have got my purse, my watch, my overcoat. If 1 part with my coat and vest you will want my trousers, and I shall lie captured by the police. I will deal yolione strong blow straight from the shoulder, and — 'lAitnoTTEu.—And take the law into your own ("oiirryou'Tor^as'^ ' certainly County Julian.—Ferrari. I admit that you have go the law of me. but J shall certainly call in th detectives. i„i,..i,„ ii, , « r i ,, , be I AR.«niLR.-And he en U ey come Ishal not t< can keep your lioiisers. , ' Thanks: l( '' lD£| v " st Ta-la. : "" J - v ™ In your prayers venu-mber me and the man who cairie.) out strictly the injunction that no man is justified in taking the law into his own hands i (in,;;!lrr bulls. Judge shims.) 