8TRANQE STORIES By James GnccswooD ("TitO Am&toar; Casual."! Author of "Humphrey Dyot," "Reuben Davidgcr," " Under a Cloud," "Dick Temple," "Tho True Uistory of a Littlo Rngftmufiin," "Prcttv Lixzio Lisle," "Korrixon's Crlme/',,Fnir I'hvIHs of Lavender Wharf," "Jail Rirds' Bumps," etc., etc. (All Ricirrs Reseuvkd. No. 3. THE MYSTERY OF THE GREY VEIL. 1'ccuntarily npcaktng, Hibbttoon and nty sell had not a further to fly with. Just ai in an ndvattccd stage of moulting, no creature Appears moro dcjocccd and utterly miserable thau a rooster, difliuult, indeed, would it havo been to discover two bipeds moro com pletely oomcrcd than woro we. Constant chums, wo hod spent oar lout liftlf-crown (HibbiUon pawned his umbrella for tbo amount), In a cheap dinner, and in a melancholy mood wc were amoklag a divided penny screw of tobacco a wo discussed ways .and means. "There is nothing left for me, as far as I enn sco," I remarked, "but to enlist as a soldier. Thank goodneo, fato is not o in exorabio but that 1 havo choice between o barrack and the workhouse, and tho Queen's shilling decide me in favor of tbo former. Unless something turns up betoro . this timo to-morrow, Hib, old boy, that precious coin shall ho mine, And wo will spend it in a sorrowful glass, and Uko a last embrace." " I observe," returned HibbiUon, in. tone of mild icproach, " that you don't suggest that I shall be your redcoat comrade." Ho was of the stnfT soldiers are inade of, bcinc narrow-chested and too short for the service, not to rncotiou his being afflicted with ftciub-foot. " Why, daah it nit, Uib, you mast know that I did not intends " Of couruo you didn't. Rtit I tell you what, Sid, if 1 was a strapping, good looking chap, like yourself, and it canto to taking n desperate— mind yon, a very dvspcrntestcp, X should scorn to go soldieriug At attv rate." " SVhiit, then, would you do ?" "1 would get married." I laughed. " To an heiress, ol course I" " Of course to a party with money, or whore would ho thu use. (Jh, you may laugh, hut I mean it." And ho pulled at his pipu as though ho really did. " What nonsenso ! Yon mean it ! What woman would marry a poor dovil liko me ? Why, I couldn't put tho baun up unices thoy gavo mo tick fur tho cost of them." "ho matter for that," ruturncd Hibhit ton, with increased oarncstucxs, as though his idea was expanding. " Thcro arc scores of women with monuy who would marry you, and jump at the chnnco, if you were not too inrticular as regards Iwauty." " My dear Hib, introduce mo fo tho pig-faccd lady— hy Jove, that's tho last pull' in my pipe, ami thorn in, no moro hacco — introduce me, I say, to tllo pig-faced ludy. with a future of a thousand a year, ami wo will ho married by special license, ami you shall be my bust man at tho wedding," Hihbtiiton made no reply, but pulled so energetically nt his pioc, that I lost sight of Ills lace in tho cloud of amoko ho raised. Presently he emerged from it, jumping up .-frnm his chAir and laying a hand on my shoulder. "Hid, can you talk seriously for a fow minutes ? Arc you really willing to marry)" " What, to tho pig——" " No, no, not bo had a that. But what would vou say to a lady of muaus who was perfectly eliuihle, personally, except, cave, lor a bad squint." " So long as she was able to look favor illy on mo I wouldn't much mind." " Or, supposing oho had a cork leg ) " " What, in addition to a bod squint do von meant Well, I should like toutipulato for an extra hundred a year for that. But what is your dtift, Hib? What's in tho wind." " 'Hint's m may happen. Givo me this assurance, and we nuwj not discuss thu matter any further just at present— you would marry a young woman, who, to pot it mildly, was not exactly a Venus, provided alio was of unblemished reputation, ami kindly, and possessed of picifty of money." " My reply to that, Fred Hibbitsou, said I, grasping his hand, " is try me." X saw no moro of my friend for threo days— in fact it seemed as though ho euro fully avoided mo— aud then lio paid ma nu early morning visit, with lettersiu his hand, and looking radiant, " Hurrah," cxclahnud llibbitnon, flourish tig tho papers as ho hurst into my room (ito would liuvo found mo up aud dressed hud ho cotno half-au-hour later) " hurrah, Sid. X havo douo tho trick for you, by Jovo I No more tobnccoless pouches. No more Bnult- bing hy landladies, aud notes loft on tiio candlestick. Your fortune is as good a made, my hoy. X havo douo it for vou, 1 .aid X would." "But what has happened? What is It you havo been doing?" "Doing? Why, moving that mighty cngiiio of progress— tho Press— in your ho half. 1 havo been advertising." I had nearly forgotten nli about our con vermilion relating to matrimony when I was last in his company, " Advertising on my behalf, and obtained A situation for mo, ult ? Bravo ! What sort of a job is it, Hib ? But in it to go as a porter t It will havo to hu as a Very light one, you know. My dulicrte constitution " "Not another word youvagabond !" ho in tcrruptcd mn, glccfullynUho samotiino thion toning mo with n bootjack, " not another eylluhlo At your peril until i havo rend yon one or two of tliu letters brought to inn hy tho poHtman not hnlfanhour siuce. But, first of nil, 1 had best purhap enlighten yuu us to tho advert isemoiit thatproduced thorn." And he produced n small scrap of print and read from It ; "Matiijiion'v. — A gentleman aged 127, fivo foot ten in height, and bioutl iu proportion well-ndueatcd uud good-looking, ami (KJisuut ing » lively uml a ngreuublo dispoHitiou, is sletiirotts of marrying. Hlu profensiunal |itirstiit3 aro not an yet lucrative, hut may improve. His present object in to escape thoftu snares to which impecunious young men are most liable, nnd hu oilers hiu imtta aud heart to a lady of irreproachable character, of moderate means, aud whoso «go docs not exceed thirty. 1\S, — A pretty fuco or physical perfection on tbo lady's purl nut absolutely iudUncnublu." "That, sir," continual HibbiUon, "hi the advertisement— your adverlUument, I may aay. It appeared In tho paper only yester day morning, aud it Jiua already oticited tlireo replies; with ono of thorn I will not troubloyou. In. that cose tho- lady, who own to being a widow, and acknowledge that she is rather more than thirty, itiforui J'ou that alio would bo couBidurod good uoktug except for lior no«n, which is su« talncd an injury through hur falling down a flight of stone stops when alio was a child, and, in councqucnco of whiah, sho still is compelled to have her head ithavod, and Is subject to tits. So we will pass by the widow, my lioy. This oua— hear It — " lit reply to tho odvcrttscmcut iu tho 'Daily Telephone" of this day, and Initialled S. D,,"I hog to say that if tho Mid advertbemout Is strictly genuine, uud 8\. D. agcntlcman, ho may find all that ho iceks byarranginganiutorviowwith thewritor. Her jneatts are ample, her age undor tweuty-Uvc, aod oho is afllicted with no physical dufo- inlty of face or figuro. Hho Is well edu cated, and, Imt for otto blemish, thorouohly fitted to enjoy life and acrooahto companion ship. Address, In tho first place—' 'Adulk,' Post Office, Putney." Hlhbitson Itaudud mo tho lottcr, which was well written nnd in a lady-like hand. I found that thu word "physical "was under lined, as wcro tho two words- " ono blemish." ' Now what tho douco. Hib, can bo that blemish !' It is a Xormidabln ooe, I'll wager 1" " Twenty-flvo," murmured IlibUtson, toking up the letter aud reading from it. "Thoroughly fitted to enjoy life, mid agreeable companionship. Ample means 1' Bat only one blemish, mind yoa. Hho is particular la laaklug horself uudor stood on that point. Pooh I— fa is a chance fn a thousand. Whit woman alive le not afflicted with a blemish of some kind or other ? Tbore are many that havo half a down, although they manage to conceal thorn until after tbey are married. You willwrlto to Putney, of course!" 'And more to hnmor Hlbbltson than that X woe actuated by any serious intention, Id id to I oddrcessd a brief note to "Add" at the Putney Poat Office, suggesting an inter view, and a prompt reply was returned, in viting me to an address at Fulbam. It was a moit mysterious business. T u house was well situated and artisticallp f Dished, and on being ushered upstairs un oi lady was thcro to meet mc, and my not unnatural apprchcusion that I should find myself tho victim of a hoax, vanished the moment I act eye on tier. She was highly' respectable and well-mannered, but Ufimistakchbly nervous. She was very Auxioux to > introduced to her niece. Appearances, she know, were not ninch tn go hy, hut, sn far aa her poor judgment went, sho thought it her duty to exerctso it in Adele's behaU. She most sincerely hoped that X waa not re garding the matter as a joke. If an, might she earnestly beg of mo— and tears were in tho old lady's eyes as sho addressed mo— to save her nieco and hcrwlf further humilia tion and embarrassment, l>y withdrawing forthwith. I assured her that nothing was further from my thoughts than to amuse myself at the expense of a sensitive girl. 'Indeed, madam," I added, "although my occeptanco of vour niece's invitation is hi perfectly good faith, X havo no wish to cause her tho feast annoyance. If you will kindly tell nto what is tho one blemish, ami I should fed compelled to regard it as an iu- supurablo objection, wo need uot movo any further in the matter, and, a a gentleman, I shall treat your confidence as inviolable." But site sadly shook her head. "Your request Is quite reasonable," she remarked, "but I ought to tell you that I am not &t; liberty to acccdo to it." " But you can satisfy toe this far at all events— the young lady is ia possession of her intellectual faculties." The sorrowful expression of the old lady' eyes gave place to a brighter twinkle as she replied : " How absurd that you should ask such a question. But I beg your pardon. You would, of course, be more anxious od that account than any other. Yes, sir, Adolc is in the tulloat possiblu possession of her " And tho— tho one blemish 1 Is it bodily?" "No!" " Ha she — pray pardon mc — bas »ho the uso of her limbs ? She b not bed-riddctt or incurably crippled ?" " My good sir, nu." Anil tho old lady's momentary flush of indignation gave place before the twiuklo In her oyes again. "My ttiuco b quite free from any bodily alltnout, aud active as a fawn." "Then tho 'blemish' must cxi«t in the unfortunate young lady's face. Is alio then so very ugly J" Thero was a drawing on an easel In a corner of the rount. It was unfinished, but tho faca was that of not a baudsomo girl, hut of one that waa decidedly winning aud lovo- able. "That," said the old lady, "Is Adelo's portrait, as far as sho Iim got on with it, en larged from a photograph takon two yearn since. I havo not tho original at hand, but thn likeness is very striking." " Why, then, madam," I exclaimed, un able to cuncont my delight, " lot mo oiler you a thousand apologies for my string of ridiculous questions, nnd hug of you to per mit mo to see tho young lauy without fur ther delay." Adelo's sunt left mo hy myself. Hero was an incxplicublo enigma. What wm tho " blemish," that was no blemish at all ? Sho was youog, fully oh nice-looking as any lady of my acquaintance, her mental faculties wore unimpaired, her bodily health was per fect. X was in tha midst of bowildcring specula. Uons, wheu tho old lady returned, bringing Atielo with her. Tho latter was of medium height and of Graceful figure, but she woro a veil. A grey veil of light material, but quito impcuottablo to thuso who gaxed on her. Round her bead— she hud beautiful hair and a profusion uf it— sho woro a very narrow circlet of turtoisesholl, and to this thu top of tho veil was attached, in such n way that her faco, from tho very summit of her foro- head downward, was invisible, the lower part of the gauzo nut bunging loose, but secured at her bosom, Although, as already intimated, 1 could nut muko out a single feature of hcr's, sho evidently could see mo distinctly enough, and as I rose to greet her X could fcol that I was uudcr Inspection, Tho brief survey did not seem to bo displeasing to hor, ami ahu advadced aud ottered ma hor iiand. Then sho sat down, the old lady remaining in the room, and wo chatted together, alio taking her part with a much case and free- dotn as though I woro a privileged acquaintance who had inado an ordiuury morning caII. No reference was made to tho object of my visit. Sho was wo| read, and obviously critical. Sho know much more than I of tho latest novels and plays, aud wax convcrsuut with tho current topics of tho day, nor was alio at all deficient ot a fietiao of humor, as her frequent musical lough testified. Tho conversation presently touched on tho arts and sciences, and then I contrived on delicate ground aud complimented hor on her artistic skill as displayed in tho drawing. " It is a thousand pities," said I, lowly, " that tho original of suoh a charming face should remain for a momcut hidden." On this tho old lady immediately applied her handkerchief to her oyes, aud her niece's uiaunor saddened as quickly. " An imupportahtu hardship vou think it probably," she remarked quietly. "For yourself, my dear madam. Yes, 1 can ncarccly imagine a greater hardship." " It tmiit hu twrno with, however," said Adolo wilit a sigh, " For the present you mean of courso? Tho — the iueonvoulcuce is but tem porary t" "> on arc entitled to ask tho question," ;iln> replied " our present business" (witli a bitter stroM on tho last word,) "justifies it. You shall bo nnswercd truthfully, Tho inconvoniencu, as you considerately term it ia not temporary. It is tho lastiug curse of a lifetime. " But tho portrait," I remarked, hesi tatingly, " your own drawing. Your aunt has already informed mo tlut ItUotrlklugly like you." _ " What I A regard features and expres sion? Oh, yes!" Then wills a shrug uf hor fair uhouhlors, sigiiillcciit uf her contempt for thu trivialities mcntioucd, " thu likeness in those rebpoctH Is passftUlu, I believe," " In thoso respects I Why, surely In thoso two qualities all the conditions two fulfilled. What oho cau such a faco ho but pleasant to look on—" But alio interrupted my further speech with a laugh such as I nuver heard before, and placed her outspread hands before Iter veiled imago, as though alia feared that my earnest gozo might pcuotralo its gauxy covorlnga. "I'leaaantl" sho exclaimed passionately, " you would not ho so cruel if you but knew. 1'looAont 1 why it U a fuco to scare a buguar looking down on him from a window. The very does hark at it 1" Adelo, Adolo 1" cried tho old ludy woorully, assho rose from the chair uud em braced hor nicuc and kissed hor, "you should net say such things. Is not the truth dreadful enough tiiac you should exaggerates it ?" This was alarming : " Ladies," I to- marked, speaking with all the ehoorfulnoss I could muster, " wo aro in contldenco here. After what I havo heard, I cannot ho much startled at ull events. Permit mo to jbdgu of this 'dreadful truth ' for myself." But alio abrauk book and tied from tho " Well, sir," tho old lady anxlousty re marked when her nlcco was gone, "after what you have witnessed, have you uny inclination to repeat vour visit? X mean, of course, iu relation to your advertise- "I givo ynu my earnest assurance, madam, that 1 havo every disposition to como again and Again, if you thiuk it pos sible that your uTcno may bo induced to comply with tho suggestion I mentioned boforoalto hurnod away." But tho old lady could not givo mo tho loait glimmer of hopo on that poiut. "It Isa secret, and ao it must remnlu," ho remarked positively, " until a husband has ted her to the altar. After that— It will be for 1dm to deal oa to tbo future. Of oourac, yon will nudorstaud, sir, that this interview is merely pro llmittary. Although my nieco is de sirous of securing a husband's lovo aud protection, it will bo necessary to prove that ho is a man of repeatability, and not a mere needy adventurer. Just as, on the other hand, it will bo ehown to his satisfnotlon that what, after all, is tho ritaln inducemint ia tho affair— money— a sufficient amount Is posiesied by tho lady, aad that U is her' absolutely and without coutro!. I may tell you that my nieco has a fortune of tun thousand pounds, which, subject to the conditions you have already been mado aware of, she will willingly divldo with n suitable apnlieant for her hand as soon ns tho marriage «orvico is completed," " One question, my dear madam. Is there any particular hurry ? Is it a contract that must he completed wiOiiu a short space of time?" " On the contrary, sir, my niece, advised tny tne, stipulates for ft courtship of nt lonsL six months' duration, during which period an accepted lover would see her as often as he chose," " Nee her as I have, you mean, veiled and close-concealed ?" "Exactly." With n promise that I would communieoto with Adclo in a day or two, I hastenod back to Hibbitson to Acquaint him with tho antas- ing particulars at Kulhatn. Clutching tho knees of his trousers, nnd with his mouth ajar, he listened while I related tho strange story from first to last, winding up with the old lady's statement as lo what was tho amount of her tilccu's for tune, and how that sho was willing to divido it on tho marriago day with Iter ac cepted husband, " ljut I can't mako head nr tall of it?" exclaimed Hibbitson, scratching his head witli violence. "Sho is sound wind nnd limb— vou will excuse the horsey phrase as applied to your mysterious brtdo in per spective— alio ts shajiely and graceful, edu cated and companionable, and you have seen her portrait from the photo., and guaranteed genuine, and she is, as you de clare, there dopicted as being nice-looking as Htty reasonable man could dcuiru. Then why tho dickens and all his angola docs alio wear a veil? Why that extraordinary out- hurst, which in your opinion was genuine, respecting frightening beggars and making dogs hark?" " Ah ! yes. But you musn't forget, Hib, that her aunt corrected her there."' " I remember that sho did so," replied Hlhbitson, with another turn nt his linlr, "she reminded tho young lady that the truth was quito dreadful enough without ox, aggerating it." "Truly, Hib. If a man had said as much 'X don't sec iiow I could adopt any courso but one. But you know what women are, they notoriously make u fuss about trifles. Besides, there is plenty of tiino for reflec tions. The party is not wnitinu at thu door for an answer." " l'roirt which sago remarks," said Hib hitson, " X gather that you have already half made up your mind. To he sure five thousand pounds is a tempting sum, but—" And tny friend shook his head dubiously. " You would ad vino jno at this early skigo to abandon tho speculations ? " " Not so, but I would hava you weigh well tho poMiblo consequences. For in stance, fivo thousand would tint prove nn adequate compensation if Uio fearful truth, as the old lady called it, won after all not ; much exaggerated and heroically faithful to your marriage vows, you found it absolutely necessary to banish yourself with your brido to sonto desert island." " But, hang it ull, Hib, she cannot ho co hideous ns that comes to. Tho worst I can conjecture is that since that photograph was taken she may have had a suvcro attack of small-pox, nnd is badly pitted— ticarrcd perhaps. Well, oven such a serious blemish as that, in an nmiabio and accomplished young woman — " " Would count for so little," Hibbitson struck in, " hi this confounded money- grubbing age, that with ten thousand pounds ut her command sho need maku no mystery of tiie matter. Thcro is no lack of business mco who would marry her were she ns ugly as Satan's oistor. No, Sid, my Imy, I am afraid it is something worse than Unit. By- the-byo, did you toko particular notice of that portrait drawing?" " It was unfinished I tell you." " But did it strike you, or dons Uio tnoruory of it rouull to your mind n face you have seen anywhere lately." " Anywhere is a wide field." " Well, wo will narrow it. There arc certain illustrated papers— Uio "Huu nud Cry," for instance— in which are published tho portraits of criminals at largo—" ".Uooil Heavens, Hibbitson 1 You cou't be Bcrious." " Well, there is nothing particularly comic about it. You wouldn't bml it so my boy, if, at tho unveiling after tiio nuptial ccro- tuony, you find that your wife is n party urgently 'wanted in'a police case." Preposterous as was tho last suggestion of my ingenious friend, it took nncn hold on my alarms that X resolved that I would seo tho lady's faco or abandon tho negotiation. There wm hut ono way of bringing tho affair tu that issue, I would go to hur and plcdgo myself in nny way alio chosu to mako her my wify, if i might do so without compromising .my respectability, provided that for one littlo miimtu sho withdrew her veil. And quite determined, for I had passed n sleep less night, to havo thu business eottlod ono way or anothor, I set out for Fullmin, having arranged with Xlihhotson to sco him in thu afternoon nnd acquaint him with tiio result. And 1 again saw Adolo, I need not detail the enormous difficulty I experienced ovcu in prevailing on her to listen to n.y proposi tion with anything liko patience, aud even when I had so far succeeded at least another half-hour was consumed in inducing her to believe that tho oath I proposed taking should ho hold sacred. -Shu at lust con sented. Tiiut'o was a chiming clock on tiio muntel-uhelf, and its silvery hells denoted tliu hour of two, as with trembling fingers uhu unclasped tho tortoise- shell circlet from her head. It could not have been more than a inimito-aiid-a-iiaif alter the hour, whuu, 'pale us a man who lias bcou n ghost, 1 was hurrying from tho houso in a state of mind I will not attempt to describe. 1 Irad not recovered — mydiairwas ntili in M-ild disorder— whan I burst into Ilihbatuon'a room. "Why, Sid I Why, what on earth is tho matter 1 You have scon hur, that is evident 1" " I hare, my doar friend, I have 1" and I covered iny eyes with my hands. ' Wtiere? Is it true then about the dogs barking ?" " Hib," and by a desporato effort I spoko calmly, " situ iu pca-grcuu 1" Hu was ho amazed that his pipe dropped from bis lips uud was broken on tho hearth. " Aslightagroon. llib, 1 solemnly do- cla'ro to you as tiio leaves of tho limo tree itt early spriug; and sho has largo bluo eyes and white teeth and auburn hair— ugh I horrible 1 horrible I" "But surely it is not her natural com plexion ?" " I know nothing about that— I didn't want to hoar thu particulars. I only know that green sho is, aud green site will remain till the day of hor deatn. There is oulyouo thing tor mo to do." " And what Is that ?" " Drown myself ! That's about the easiest ntodo of exit, they say." " But that's childish," "now do you make It? It is my only alternative. 1 must, as a man ot honor, marry hor, if 1 remain alive. Tho Htipulatiou I mado was, that in any ovuut I Would mako hur my wife if 1 might do so without compromising tny respectabi lity, and so far as X am awuro, there would lie uothing immoral in marryiug a grocn- faccil lady. Good bye, old boy 1 I'd best be off at once, and before I become coo! and cowardly." Aud I linrrlad out of tho houso. But botoro Hibhitnun could ovortaku tno— I had barely crossed thu threshold ami reached the street— when a hand wns laid ou my shoul dcr. It was n witch-liko old crone with a noko biinuet, nnd a shabby old cloak reach ing down to hor heels. ".Sir," said sho, " may I speak a fow wordB with you?" "Oh, confound you, ho off. I'vo got nothing to give you." "But still, witli hor hand on my shoulder, sho poked up her wrinkled faco, nnd with- pored tiio words, " Adclo Cranston." " Wotl, what of her ?" ' "Nothing, that I can reveal in thoopon street. Much, if you will allow mo to speak with you iu private. This muoh von may know in advance, however— 1 notd tho secret of hor life's liapplncss— of yours, too, may ho 1" Hibbitson wns at tho door by this time, and heard those last words, nnd exchanged locks with me. Wo hail her up in Ids room Iu lower second that) thero wcro stairs to mount. It was n marvellous story this old womuu had to relate, and it is a great, pity that tny limited snaeo compels mo to con dense. It was litis old hag— alto was a Frenchwomen— who had so hideously nttorod Adclo Cranston's complexion, it was her povorty that induced hor to make tho startling disclosure. Nearly two year previously her husband, who wm a chemist, ns well as a preparer of hair dyes aud waters for tho complexion, was visited at his obscure littlo shop by a lady. Was it possible, sho wished to know, to dyo the human face indelibly, not black or brown, hut fiomo staring color such ns green or blue. It was a curious enquiry, but her husband, who was cunningly clever at his craft, replied that it was quite possible. And with that ho kept her waiting a littlo time, nnd then produced her a small drop of perfectly colorless fluid, aud dropped n minute portion of it on his arm, and in a minuto or two the spot changed to a vivid green. " There, that snot will remain as long as I live, no acid will efface it. It can bo re moved only by cutting away tho skin com pletely. " Will you sell mo some of it ?" tho lady asked, "Not unless you givo tno ft full nud sufficient reason, uud pay mo my pricu," returned tho old rascal ; " it is not for your own face you require it." On which tliu lady boldly declared that it was not for her own face, but for tho face of an enemy, n cousin, and her rivul, and deadly enemy. "She has robbed mc of my lover," said Iho lady, " and I would ho revenged on her. She uses your washes for hor complexion. Mako up a buttle of that, sho will uot know the difference, and hero aro twenty sovc- And the treacherous compact wns made, and with what disastcrously nucccssfnl re sults the reader is already aware. " You atrocious old harridan one," I ex claimed, "what is to prevent my placing you and your hunbund in tho hands of the police V " My husband is dead so you can't hurt him. And us far an I am concerned this is to prevent It." And as shu spoko sho pro duced from ft pocket under her cloak n lia.sk liouid clear as water. " This is a safe solvent of tho green dye that otherwise is immovable. Givo mo ten pounds and it is youra." Ten. I would have given her five hun dred, if I had happened to havo it hy mc. "Givo tnu timo to prove tho virtue of tbe stuff," sahl I. "Como hero again in three days, and if tho magic is accomplished tiie money shall Ik> yours." And on that promiso she left tho flask with mc, and took her de parture. Hthhitsou and I were half- cra'/y with ex citement, "Start off at once, Sid. Lose not a moment," " Yen j hut the confounded difficulty in, I rushed out of tho houso in such a brutally unmannerly way, I don't know how to up- preach her again." " Pooh 1 where is tho difficulty ? What was more natural than that you should leuve her unceremoniously, when you were in such red-hot haste to restore her natural beauty." " Hib, old hoy. you are a jewel." And I pressed his hand gratefully, uud hurried away to Fitlham. And lens than a month afterwards I led Adelo, radiant and lovely, aud without Iter veil, to tho altar. And so I got a ricit and chnrtning wife, and the old woman got her ten pounds, and HibbiUon got— well never mint! thr.t. Ho must have gut something substantial, or he would not have been ahlo to niter hi ways of living in the way ho has. Iiicxt Stuasgk Story.— No. «l, TIIE MAN WITH THE KNIFE AND FORK, WiH'bo Published on Saturday. 