A FINAL RECKONINGS A TAiR OF BUSH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. Br e. A. HENTY. CHAPTER XVIIL-Srruso Accours. euben oon checked the speed of his horse AnxiOs as he was to arrive u soonse possible, he might for aught he knew, yet have occsaon Stry the aimal to the utmost, and he there. jfre reduced the almost rancg pa at which he bid started into an ordinary steady op. The horses wre fresh and in good con tion, ani for severl miles keptup the space without tlo;gi. Tn they were allowed to ease down iný a walk until theygot theirwind again, :i then started into the pace, half canter, half gulop, wht:h is the usual rate of progresion of the colonial hones. They drew rein at last on a slight eminence from which the Donalds' sstio?, a mile or so distant, could be per Thank God," Reben mattered to himself, "I am back bete at lssL There is no ocession f;: further hurry," nd thehorses were allowed to ;o at as easy walk. S.Man an horebaak," Jim sddenly s?id to?ahing Reten's arm. W here-where, Jim " , Gone from de house, ssh.troghb de trees.' Due he go again, he gallop fast." ?eunen had not caught ightof the figure, but: e pressed his spane againt the hona ie. ,"will seewho it is, atanyrate Jim do cn ride straight on to the oue and say hill be there in a few mite." As Reuben rode at a headlong gallop towards the point where his course would probably intersect that of the horseman riding in the deCtic Jim hia pointed nt, he taroed over a y in his mind the thought whether his anuiety for Kate Ellison was not makig a fool of him. Whyo hould heturnfromhis course jst at the so of a o journey to start at foll seld on the track of this ureof which Jim ha cight only a glance? tmlght be a stock. moo cr someone who had ridden over from one of the neighbouring stations to me how Donald wu s getting on; but even o, hetold himself, rLL-m was done by his senringhlmself of ta.- It was not the way Mr. Darker would take to his station; haditbeen a neighbor whto hd come over he would not belikedyto leave again so early; neither of the constables would be riding away in defiance of his orders on no aecount to stir any distance from the hc P. Presently he caught a glimpee of the bonre man. He was not more than half a mile away now, but the view he obtained was so instantas neous that he could not distinguish any perti. cu!ars. "He is riding fast, anyhow." he said "faster than a man would travelonordinary business. He is either a messenger sent on n?--ent bauinese or it is Thorne." lie light! altered thedirection of his cooes., for the speed at which the horseman was travel. ling must take him ahead of him at thepoint where Reuben had calculated opn cutting him off In a shortdistne bhewould get aviewof him, for the trees ended here and the plain wos open and unbroken save by low bsh. When the figre cameclear of thetres he was but a quarter of a mileaway, and laebeagavee start, for he recognised at once the uniform of his owncorps. It could only beone of the men left at Donald's, and, with an exclamation of anger, leuben prescd his horse to the utmost in pursuitof the man, who was now slmost directly ahead, at the same time uttering a load call. The man glanced back, but to Reuben's airprie, instead of toppi waved his hand above his head and psd forward. Two mits were traversed before luben was beside him:. " What do you mean P" he thundaered out. Blt the man pointed ahead. ' He has carried of mis Ellison, sir, and has shot Brown dead. I will tell you after wards. There, do you ee, sir, over that brow there. At the moment Benbensawasfigureon s rie back rise against the sky- line fully two milesin front. " ide steadily, Smithso," he said: " keep me iniew ndI will keep him. We most overtake bin in time, for his horseeis errying double. I shall posh on,.for am better moarted than yu are, and Je may try to douets and tmhrow us off his traces. If any. thing happens to me don't stop for a moment, but i?rtthat fellow downtotheend." tenoben had been holding his hroe somewhat in ?and during the lst mile, forbetbhoht the:e must be some reasonfor the constable's et-are conduct but hbe now let him go, and rgi:g him to his full spoed, soon left the con auL:o behind. He knew that for some dis tance sheal the country was fat and unbroken and that the fugitivewould have no chance of cmcealmentwhich ever wayhturned. Upon rtchiang the spot where be hod aenthsebash raer pasua the wide plain opened before him, an? h e he gave a o exultation as e saW that he had gael onsideronly. The fo tivde, iued, had evidently not been presaing his hone. "He thinks he hes along journe before him," Reuben muttered. "I fanry he's mis taken lie thinks he's only got a contable after him, and that be cn easily rid bsc of him whenverhecoma ptoliam. .o doubt e learned from some ot the convicts that evryone isaw, and thcrefore thck, hiriel safe from ll pursuit whn once he Los miled out?Smithson. All thebetter. I shall over lake him all the sooner." Such indeed wa the new of the? o l rsn~er, who kept along at a tenly raoter, troubh:h himelf very little about the solitary rons.lali whom he believod to be in porsuit cf him. WheC, indeed, on glaoning routd Le raw that his prsued was within a qur:ter of a mile of him, hereined in his horse, and turoiong, colttly awaited his coming. Reuben at once chcked theo speed ci Lis horse. He knew that tIhe jan was uad to to a deadly shot with his pitl, lut Le was can diden: in his own eetll, for, with ccutrt and aosiduanus trnti:ce, he tt attainel a hedid noteare to ge eis aoo the odi-ontare Which a man silting co a sieC!y sCo: pooe5 es over one stting in t(Je J '! of a gni.?dlrti borse: he thereore advanced n?r l a: a wt.lk. to fear cuksd by lyhs rooolute tttitude, uri hsouted: \- Look here, cctu tlle; yoU ht1 b-'t turn oarhurne's bead aol g home agaon. 'iou kno" well enoulgh th:at ono cornsable is no match for mue so you h.l lett: Itii op it-,fore here as you y rn ore , t nd o ou hLa Idoust mobse sny mistabc." ?nn;e in ts r+.:',ccc. for the bouhrooger .hld ?e girlcn the o·,JJ~e it e rcnt cl hj,. o that her body conji.letely covered Li. ~Sh * P Le 'oiJ by .ei rarrn5meot with the Ott'O.' 0 11 was enveloped in a shawl which covered her head aa well as her figure. Her captor held r her tightly presed to him with his left arm, while his right was free to use a pistol. R Reuben cheeked is horse at a distance of some fifty yarets, while he thought over the beht course to pursue. As he parued, Theme, for the first time, noticed that it was an ofiicer with whom he had to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage ex clamatiou, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. "Oh, it's you, is it " he said: "I thought it was only one of your men; but the advice I gaveil as good for you as for him. I advise you to turn lack beforo all my mates are down on voU." " Your mates will never be down on anyone again, Tom Thorne," S-euben said sternly. "We have wiped out sertn of them, and the other is a ,rirnner." "It's a tie " the hush.rranger said furiously. "They are two hundred tmiles away so the nbush." "With your fr:enl BoDbita, eh? Yes they were, but they are not low, Thorne. They are lying under the ashes of that hut of yours close to the tree where you buried your treasure; and it's I who am ginge to have help, not yeu. My men will be up in a few minutes." and he Iglanced round at the constable, whom .the bolh.ranger now perceived for hte tiel time less than half mile away. RenbSc'a words had the effect they were in tended to excite. They tilled the luah ranger with fury and desire for vengan?ce, while the sight of the approohin· z contable showed him that unless he took prompt mear.es he would ha?e two adversaries to fight at once. Without amoment's hesitation be set spurs to his horse and dashed at euban. When within twenty vards he tifee. lieuben felt a sharp pain as if a hot iron had lwen paosd across his cheek. Thorne uttered a shout of exultation as he saw him start, lut, as he kept his ,eat, again raised his hand to fre. In an instant Reuben discharged his Histol. and the bash. ranger's weapon dropped from his hand, for Relben's bullet pased through his nrist. Throwing the burden before him headlong to the ground Thoeme drew a pisltl with his left hand, anti the two shots rung cut again at al. most the ame instant. :cten, hoaoeer, was stichtly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet passed through the bush.-rnger's body, while Thorne's pistol was diverted some what from its aim, and the bullet struck Reuben's left shoulder instead of his head. In an instant he had drawn another pisto. " Surrender, or I fire !" and then seeing, by the change in the bushrangcr's face and by his colpsian tglure. that be was badly bit, he waited, still keeping Thorne covered with the I maule, for the bushrancer had a charge left inthpistolwhich he still grasped in hus left hand. TwiceThorne trieldto raise it, blt in vain. Then he reeled in the saddle, the pistol dropped from his hand, and he fell heavily oer on thea Renben at onceleaped from hi horse sad ran torsise Kate Ellison, who lay motioniess on n the ground as she had beets thrown. Removing I the shawl wrapped round her head be found she wu insmasile. Kneeling beside her, he 1 raised her ead to hi shoulder, and a minute 1 later the constable galloped up. "Badly hrt, captain?" e asked as he t lapd o his hone, for th blood wus tremm. gdown Reuben's face, and his left arm hung s "Nothng to speak f, Smithson. See to Mian Ellison' first Thre is some water in my flask I in theholster; ust aing it here and sprinkle I herfae.- I hopeshe is olsa ned: lut that soundrel threw her off rith such force that she may well be badly hurt." "Is he don, for, captain?' the man asked, glancing atthe prostrate Siure of the bush. rnUgerent pOCeed ?eeto obey Reuben's In. utrnetion"secae i you aint certain about I itLIhadbetr pts bullet into him. These fellows are fond of plajiog'vossum and then tumIg the tablem upn moe." "T tis no fear of that, Smithon: he's hard bit. I hope he's not dead, for 1 would rather that he were tried for his crimes." It was soetime before Kate Ellison opened heres. Tor a moment she looked vaguely rond then, as her eyea faell upon Reuben's sace he uttered a litte cryanld raised herelf into a ittin?itldtion..' "What ii t, Cptain Whitney? Areyou hallvy urt?" "tihank God you have recovered, )li Elison. You began to frighten me horribly. Iw afraid youwre serioualy injured. Do notlooto ualarmed., I can assu eyou I am not moch hurt; only aesh wod, Ifuy, in the cheek, and abrokencollar.bone." "And on have saved me again, Captain "Yeathank God, I hae had that good for. - tem,"B?aen said qietlr. ' and this time for I good, for Tom Thorn wil nver molest you -Batcan't I do nmething? Your face Is bleedingdreadflly. Plese let mebind it up." and tasing off the bottom of her dress, the proceededfo bandage Reuben's face. The constable took of the black silk hand. erhief which he wore round his neck. "I thin, mia this will? make sling for his arm, and when that is done the captain will be prettyrighL Doyou thnkyoUcsunrieback, t lar?' he asked when he ad fastened the handkerchief," or will yon wait till I ride back o the farm ad fetch elpf" "I can ride well enough," ReuMen t ead, trying to rise tohis feet, but he found himself unable to do so. The ball after breaking his collar.b1ne had glanced downwards, and the woundwas a more serious one than he ad t imagined. "o, I don't think can rideback, Smithson." S"Thereais light cart at the farm," Kate Ellisonsaid; "please fetch that. Iwill to herewithCaptatn Whitney till you come ?i' "I think tlat will be the beat way mi," the constable agrmd, ndmoantig heode offt at once0 It was an hour and a hal b efo e retured, bringing thecart; hut before he arrved Mr. and .Buikerhad~ridden!up on botebak, the former having retued from his visit to the farm just as the constab?le rode ln. Whil they had been alone Beaben had hard from ~ts what had tokun place. "I did asyou told mI, Ca plain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The con* stabhsakept avery shrp loek out,and one of t them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not seem any pouibility of danger. Thi mornig as I wu washing .p thseeast things with Ma,.aBarkr,a shot wassumddenly fired oeutaide the door, and before 1Ihadtime to think what it meant that man I rushed in. aH cught me by the writ and sid, 'Come long, it's non . seaming.' )lito Darke caught up someting and rashed at him, but hL k ed her down with the butt. ead of his pirstoL Then ha caucht up her t shawl, whirch was lyigon the chair dor?s by, t anrd threw it oer myhead, andthen caun?ht rne pandcanied me out I tried to struggle, but heaeemedtoholde asif I were in avyce. 1 t beard dAlice scream, and then I must haveys fainted, fOrtho nextthing Iknewr was that I wasbeingearried loeg onhonrseback. I woe somufiai up, and he held me sdtic?t, that I feltitwasuouaetosstruEle, ad I ua'de up t my mind to lie quite eti asl if I wts st:ill ie? sensible, till he put me down and then--Ithinkt Ilintended to tro and eti-ehih istol, cr to got hold of a knife itf there was oner, and if I cciul not kill him to kill mys;elf. There did not see the least tce of i-ce. Mr. tIUrkerwas away and would unot le hack for hours. I sup. po.ti that the con.ta!lesl were shlot, and all the menround were away with you; and frm tlhe dielsnce you nid you were going, I did not think you coald be kick for days. Presently I felt th:i stop and turn Lis ::ooe, and tihen when he apoko I know that he had not killed bath the conet-u.ts, and that ncue of them had followrd him. When you answered I thousht it was your voice, though it see:ed impes.t:le; hut I could rot be hure, lecau, I could not hear pla3nly thtouth the rhal. Then the pIst:h w Ir o dr~, and I udctr.lr felt myself lang, and I did not knuw anything more till I .aw yeo Ilcino over me. litt rwhre are all the others, and Low is it you are Lhere a!ne: Of courme you must have turned back be:t:ore I au ot to heC:e tie .hbohra:engrs were." " ,o, I am ,.l to sa' we ,uce.eded wilth thft part of the wor., :,i.s EISian, and hove 0 iv-pd t G" . ti..he t..ttt rs !tctgether. W e k-ego *0. t.":' a plt'ror. Ltt all theh rcc of the yen' .: a illed. The diolaurel:.o quite so far aus we thought it wras. It was a thir'y riks' ;a' r at.d tovo sixlth. We -:ue f~e the: at dsylreak on the third dsty a ot t:l the feohuyrth dy today, is it t.t At Ie,: ii i;-s I to.e." "It is tho fourih ds, ? !n . \~h:ea we fiound thatthe taCr at tee ;a." was not wait tlthem, and I itar:.ed fm ,o t man ne had t rlcu at hS had :tatrrE to ride back l Leretroty- four Lcu:s bforee, I wo natur.lly 0 o rr anxious atout ry a. kno i, as Idid what detjerafe astiii the man was anpha'e e. So 5 theL hcs. f ft ,n n t Oe . to thee Ii waterhe st?te noils et eur wu? Lacn, where we hod campo o so d-.nl su;ht ut. iOf .'are • tra .hot' I n c" ti trsvlio ir two of t0e hor0ct s to we had ten frfm the • b"'sran'0tr 'ndlwheo ho Ldtn led ofar. Ve modl anther ferty mil? y l an t i .h'th , h? i thenhaltedtill daybre to give oht boreed I er rest, but they were so done up this morning Id that we coull not get them muchbeyonuda foot u, pace. When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped of on, and thank God we are jurt in time." e The tear were standing in the girl's eres, as she laid her hund on his iusd quietly r "Thank you. Then yu have ridden a hun. So dred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, p besides having two fights, a ll beause you w. were uneasy about mue i" "I had, as rousee. rood reason to be uneasy, Miss Ellison " it At this moment n hors?'s hnots were heard I approching, and Jim glloped lup. es had on is arrnii at the station been unable to obtain n any information as to what had taken place. Mrs. lonald was in a dead faint. Mrs. Barker e had just before he arrived ridden off to meet her husband; but the dead body of the eon Sstatble by the door and the disappearance of Ksle slowed him what had taken plhe, and he at once started after his master. e His horse, however, iras a very inferior one to that ridden by tleuben. and until he met the y constable retturing he had been obliged to follow the track of the horses in front, so he did a not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its con. lusion. ie rttered exclama. tiorn of dismay at seeing his master's conthtion, a for Reuben had oean gradually croing faint, e and could now scarcely support himself on his e elbow. Jim, however, had taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, having an eye to his own comforts as well as to the losihility of its being required. a He now knocked off the neck and poured some into the coa. of Reuben's tlaak and put it to his lips, " Thank you, Jim; that is just what I a wantedL" S"MaUsa lie down quiet," Jim said, "no good sit up :" and gathering alargo bunch of grass a he pla'ed it tunder Ileuben's head, and Reuben lay quiet ins half dreamy state until Mr. and t Mrs. Barker rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, but she was so stiff and bruised with her fall that she could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs. a Barker, and burst into tears as her friend threw t her arms round her. '" That's right. my poor child." Mrs. Barker Sstil: "'a cry will do you good?. Thank tod, my dear Kate, for your rescue." ' I do indeed, Moe. Barker. It seems almcrt a miracle." " Cat-ain Whitne sreems to saprng out of the t cround lwhenever ho s wantdc,. HIe aemes hurt bodiy. The constable said it was a broken r co!lr.bone, but it must be something a good deal wor'e than that." '"Oh. don't ay to, Mrs. Barker, after what e he's done for m. If he wereto die!" t "There, there, don't tremble so, child: we I must hope thatt t is not so bad as that; but he would hardly be looking to bad as he does for onlya broken rolhr.bcne. My husband broke ? isone day the horse ron away.with him among some trees, anrd he was up and about again in a day cr two. I lshe badly hurt, do you think, John ?" she a asked her husband who was kneeling br.ides SleReben. I "I hpennt," the settlersaid. " Ie oughtnot tobe like this only from a wound in the collar Sbone; but of course it mar have planced down and done some internal mischief. I am inclned I to tlink that it is extreme exhaustion as much m aanything-the reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement." " Iehas ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning," Kate said,' " and has had two fights besides this. Directly be knew that the leader of the bushrangers had t escape t he came on by himself." S"Oh! they caught the bushrangers,. did they?" Mr. Barker said joyfully. " I was afraid by his getting back hero so soon that they must have missed them somehow, and found they were on the wring scent. AndI he has ridden all the way back, has he ? A very zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very :-alcus young officer indeed." But Kate was too anxious and statken to mark the siguificance of Mr. Barker's tone. "Don't tease her." his wife said in a low voice. "She is terribly upset and shaken, and can hardly sttnd. Ah: what is that i" The interruption was caused by a low groan from the fallen bushranger. "Shoot him dead, sah,' Jim, who was spporting his master's head, exclaimed. "Don't let dat fellow come 'live no longer." "I can't do that, Jim," Mr. Barker said, moving towards the fallen man. "The man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, andarobber: but he is harmlees now. One cannot wish he should recorer, even for his own sake, for there is enough against him to hang him ten times over. However, we must do what we can for the pocr wretch." So saying he mixed some brandy with a little water in the cup, and poured it between the t bshrrager' lit*. "Ibit mortal''" Mrs. Barker asked as he re. joined her. "I think so,".he sall; "I fancy he ao shot thrca;h the luang." "cou must realy sit down, Miss Ellison; you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot lave you on our bands just now. We have got them pretty fullas they are. Ah! here comes the cart." The constable had put a quantity cf straw in the bottom of the light cart, and Barker and Jim raised Reuben and laid him tn it. " We must take the other too," 3Ir. Barker said; "'themanisalire, andwe ca'tlcavehim hete." 's"Y,"9XKate d; "he must go tc~, IHe did Reuben a great wrong many years :go. I hope he will enfess it before he dies." itr. Baker glanced at his wife as KIate used the young oflcer's Christian name; but the was not thinking of Captain Whitney, Lut of the boy Reuben who had been accused ci pooning her father's dog, aon cf cormmittnga burglary from his hore. "Yeo hod better get up in front with the constable, Miss Ellison," the settler faid when the two wounded saen had been placed in the art; "yec etrtai::ly are not fit to ride. tOr, look hers, the constable shall take my horse andI wIil drirve, and than I can look after you,. and you can Cse me for a prop ii youfeel weak; but before e start 1 most insist on yourtakingaaipcfhbrandy and water. It is no u?s your saring no." he peristd as the girl sthook her head. "We shall bhre you fainting I before you get home if you don't." Kate did as she waFs ordered. Mr, Barker thenhelped bro up to her seat. As she got up hloa eves fe u pen eu,'=Ssa' fare, "Oh h r. Broker:" she said, "he looks dead. You are not diceiving me, arse your" "Bless me, n 1" the settler maid cheerfully. 1 "My opinion is that he's dead as!eep. 'loe loss of blood, the suddrn re-action after the long eadtement, ld the exhaustin of hi ride la' e comiletely overcome him,, anl my opinion is that he is soand a-':e-li." "Jim, do ou lead ur mas:ter's haore, while the co:stab.e takbe the other, and then yeu two had better ride on and hElp Mrs. DentIr to g?etthingeaely. Get a Led up at once for Casptain Whiaory, and gt: some olean straw in the outh::ue with one of the arge over it fcrthe oF savit he toucl.e, the re h witah the whip, and th cort :novel shoaly on with Irs. Ilarkhr -idiog bnile it. SIhe would hate gone on ahead to bare assifed in the preparations, but she ea.cted :m?=mntrnilr to seeie Ke faint, anli I thCrght it ttter to remain with hier in eas ler asei:arcce shuld bere uired. The journey ce cul e. noe tince, for Mr. Isrrer ickedl the wanr carefuly so as not to jclt the cart. ir-. lrioe.r cndeavoue.d to keep Kate's attetion fixEt by askisng her questions as to wat bho hald heard about the exlpeditioU, awondering wi. n it would return, and whetheri any of the s?tters were hurt. When they got wijh:n half a mile of home she aid: "I think. dear, ycu are boking a little better nonw. I will ride on. Fortunate!y thereis the t bof.tea we mate last nighEt .or lr. )Donald.E I will got it made Lot, and I will get a cup ct stren; tea ready for you. That will do wondert" Whoa the art arrived Mrs. Donald ran out, nd aus Kate de.cended claspel her in a long embrace. "Caome straiCht in here, my dear," rs.\\. Barber said. " I have got a b?ain Of old water a and a cup of st:ong tea, and the two together will do moardls. We will attend to yourt wounded tere." leuaen remaiced perfectly quiet and inert as he w?s lifie lout andt carried into the house, where a ba had been made up for him in a room cnthe ocond fl cr. I"Just lar him don Throw a b!arket orer him. ar.tle hirmlie perfectly quiet." t"Do m u think he is really n':kep0p IrO. Barnes '.ed as he looed at the quiet face. "1i do. treolt," eer h'sbaid rei,-ie. "LPut sour ear cldoe to hlis ::outh. iebreathingea i qeuic l he usa and." L aiddd, llacrine hs l.rgs on Feueten's wri't, "his plaise is a httle fast, ut ureular and quiet; twenty four hours of sleop w;ll set Ltm up aonr , unkess I am k greatle miotaken, I don't exoet that this woounro will turn out anythinvrsero erious. Let y me think. Was it r t this alternrca that f Iuskin sail :e would he bhck ia '?" a "Yen, either yoTsltrIy Cr todai. "That is lucky. He will be surprised at fled. p icg two new patients on his hand now. a I will go snd have a look at that poor wretch in the ohed. Give me a cUpful of brf.tea: I will pou a sp?rcnful or two between his lips. You had hettargo anud ok after Kate. You vlt nut be nered here at prient. I iI Sour master wakes, Jim, let us know directly," he said to the blackt who had seated himself on t the ground by the side of Reuben's bed. "I can't call the poor fellow away from his master," he added to his wife as he closed the door behind them; "but I am really anxious to know what has taken place out in the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been killed. If, as Kate said, she heard the captain tell the bush-ranger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has in deed been a most successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be safficiently grateful to Whitney for having rid us of these pe ts. What with that, and the thrashing the blacks have had, we shall be able to sleep quietly for months, which is more than we have done for a long time." t Kate came outof the room with Mrs. Donald a minutelater. The basin of cold waterrc d the tea had the effect irs. Barker pre dicted. A little colour had returned into her cheeks, and she lookel altogether more like herself. "How is hel" Mrs. Donald asked. "In my opinion he's doing capitally, Mrs. t Donald; his pulse is quiet and even, and he's I breathing as quietly as a child, andl believe he is simplyin a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to waketlltomorrow morning, and I predict that in a few days he will be up and about. Indeed, if that bullet hasn't misbe hayed itrelf, Isee no reason why he shonldn't be up to-morrow." "That is indeed a relief to as both," Mrs. I Donald said, while Kate could only clasp her hands in silent thankfulns. "And now. how is your hustand ? I hope he is none the worse for all this exertion." "He was terribly agitated at first," Mrs. Donald said. "I fainted, yaou know, and be got out of bed to help me up, and it was as much as I could do when I recovered to get him to lie down, for he wanted to mount and Iride aflte Kate, although, of coure, he Is as weak as a child, and even with my help he could scarcely get into bed again. t Fortunately Mrs. Darker ran in, before she t started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the constable was off in pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I think he was occupied in trying to cheer me, for as soon as he was i bed I broke down and cried till the constable came hack to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shot the Lsobrangir," Three hours later, to the great relief of all, the surgeon arrived. He was tirst taken in to look at IHuben-, having been told all the cireum stnnco s of the r?se, and he cotirmed Mr. Iatkcr's opinion that he was really in a deep I sleeOp. "I would rot wake him on any account," he raid; "it is a great effort of nature, and he will. I hope, awake quite himself. Of coarse I can't say anything about the wound till he does. 1Now for his antagonit." The buohranger was still urconscious, though oecasionally broken words came from his lips. The surgeon examined his wtad. "lie is shot through the lungs," he said, "and is tIleeing internally. I do not think there is the abadow of a chance for him, ant no cre can wisch it otherwise. It will only sare the colony the expense of his trial. And now for my crigisal patient" Ids was some time in MIr. Donald's room, and when he came out proceeded at once to mix him a soothina draught from the case of medicines he carried behind the saddle. "We must get him off to sleep if we can," he said, "or we ahall have him in a high state of frer before morning. A man in his sfate can't go through such ecitement as he has done without paying the penalty. An now, I snppo.e, have done," he :aid with a smile as Mrs. Donald left the reom with the medciue. " Yes, I think so," .Mrs. Barker sild; "if a ou had come an hour earlier I should hase put this young lady under your clarge, but I think that thie assurance of my husbano that Captain Whitney was doing well has Itetn a lbeter medicine than you could give her." "No wonder she is shaken," M.r. Reskin re marked. "Mrs. Barker tells me you haL a heavy fall, too, Miss Ellison." "Yes," she replied. "I was stunned for a time, bhut beyond being stiff and bruised I am none the worse for it." "Look here, Miss Ellison," the doctor said, after putting his inelrs on her wrist, "I suppose you will want to be about to-morrow a when our brave army returns. Now there is nothingyou can do here. Mrs. Donald can a nurseo her husband, the other two rleuire no I nursing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, will take charge of the house, and therefcor. seriously, I wouid ask you to take tlhs draught I am anb'ut to mix for you, and to go upstairs and go to bhe and sleep till morning." "I could net sleep." Kate protested. "Very well, then, lie quiet without sleeping, r and if in the evening you find you are restless you can come down for an hour cr two: but I h really must insilt on your lying down for a btt. n Now, Mrs. Barker, will you tae this tmedicine up andl pt this young lady to beh." "I hope she will get off to sleep," .Mr. Barker said when she came down stairs aain. t "I have co doubt whatever alont it,"Mr. If Ruskin replied. "I hare given er a verr h sroug srring-drau?ht, far strot:-,r it-n I f smould thin of giving at any other time: but I after the tenrion that the poor girl iust have Ii gone through. it would need a strong- dose to T take e.ect. I think you will ar nothingm c re a of her till the morning." Indeed it was not until the sun was well up t the'neat mcrntin that Kate hisncu woke. She couldt hardly beliese that she had slept all night, but the eastern sun coming in tirou! l rtr wiidow showed her that she had done . e hotill felt truisel and shaken all over, but was otherwise henelf again. She dresse- hastily and weut downstairs. " That's criht, my dear," Mrs. Barker, who was already bust in the kitchen, said. "You look , .mny an like younelf." R "IIow are my br:ther and Crltain Whit. nerv" Kate aukd. in I don't tlhir? Mr. Dfnals is awake vet," et Mrs. Barker rellied ; " but Castain Whitney t has just gore cut to the shed wi'h my husband h and the :urngou." " Gone out to the abel " Kate reelated in I astcnishment. "Yes, my dear. 'That puor ..retih out there a is going fnst. He recoorrod cnici-ounuesu about two hours ago. Te c:statble was I sitting p with him. lte na?cd fr nwatr, a3 I then lay for omen time quite quiet. 'Then he said, 'Am I dreaming. or was it Benben a Whitney I fouut t aih ' ' Yes, it w Cap. C tain Reuben Whitncy, our in·peectr,' tae co?nstable replied. "For a time he lay quiet again, antd thenr a1 said: ' I an to see him.' Tie e:C:::ttla toll I him he was asleep anI coul'lt ble waske. " ' Is he badly wounId ?' the ni aeke .a 'I know I hit him ' 'Not v:ery titly, I Lole,' the eonsotab!e ansrd. 'IWhU hie C vcakesark him to come to mre,' tEo man sd. i 'I know I am dying, but I want to ,? tim fdlt. If ,e can't cc:ue let somebody eire e ccoe.' Tte cr~nstobl c:me in asnd rous?c 1 the dcctr, who went out ard soe him,and slid he mnightlive three or faour ho:urs yet. Soon after wardr, just aus the sun re:e, Ji:a came icut to say that his master was awake. Mr. llu.kin weit into him and enamired his wouad and Irbe I thecorus of t!.e bulilt. It hnd lodged 0 lown just atthe botton of thoshoulder-hcne. I am g!ad to say he was able to get it cut. Whoa he had di::e he told his patient whaet the 0 bush ranger had said, and Cap:ain Whitn::ey in a" t wo't do hm unyha:m, wi:l it ?" Kate i anbeI anniously. " o, my dear, cr M.r. I:uJain woul, neot L hse lethimgo. I saw hi as hewesntout, anl shook hans with him, and, except that runstyv Laulage over his face, he locked quite s himolt again. As I told you, a broken collar. bone is a mere noth:ng, and now we know where the bullet went acd have got it cut,there i is no occasion for the slightest annxicty. IHere they come again, so you e.n judge for your- c A very few words passed between Reuben and Kate, fr Mrs. Barker, who sow how nereous tne girl was, at once began to ask him questions about what the bushranger had said, "Ile has made a confesion, Mrs. Barker, d which your husband has written down, and air. Ruskin and Smi'lhson have signed. It is about a very nld story in which I was?t oncerel di when a bhy, but it is a great gralitifcation fors te to hbave it clearted up at lat. I was accusec of 10i-o:.ing a log beleyo: to Miss Elliron's ti oather, and was triel for a bur'glary committed on tic premiuers, and auss aeunittd,thankaonly to a1ien Cllacr's influence enerted on my be- dr half, I fear," he said with a slight smile, * "soiomehatilklgally. Ifowever,theimpuation . wouall have reetod on cce all my ife i it had trot tion f:r Thome's confs'ion. I thought that th he dl: the first affair. I knew that he was cn- eh cero-d in the seeond, although Icould not prove it; Ibut hle has now nmade a tull confession, say. fe i1 float he hicself oion?ed the dog, and conh ticrai:• the tory I told at the trial." or 1,o? am gld!"al t eteeimed. " You hnirw, Captain Whitney, that I was sure of your innocence, but I know how you must lare Iongsb for it to be proved to the world. What will you do, Mr. Barker, to make i: public f"' " I shall re:d a copy of the cofession, pro.r Ipery atteste, to the ragilsrates of Iowes, and Whitney tsl sue, iS pubheltheroweekly." ga "I seippone there Il no hope for kaim' " Kate asked in a low roice. "Iis dying on ,' Barker said. "Roskin L is with him, le was int beveming nncon scions when we left him, andaRuskin said tha 1 the end was at hau.. A quarter of an hour later the surgeon came t in with the news that all was over. "Now, Captain Whitney, you must come Sinto your room and let me bandage up your shoulder properly. I hadn't half tune to do it Dbefore," S" But you won't want me to lie in bed or I any nonsense of that sort ?" Reuben asked. "I would if I thought you would obey my e orders ; but as I see no chance of that, I shall 3 not trouble to give them. Seriously, I do not I think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep yourself very r quiet. I shall bandago your arm across your chest, so there can be no movement of the shoulder,and when that is done 1 think you I wil e all right." There wasn only one more question which Iteubenhad to ask with regard to the event of the preceding day-why it was that Smithson did not go to his comrade's assistance. lIe then learned that Thorn rode quietly up to the back of the house and dismounted, then went to the stable, where Smithson was asleep, harvngbeen on guard during the night, and pushed a piece f wood nderthe latch of th door, so that it could not be raised. Having thus securely fastened Smithson in, he had gone to the front of the house, and had apparently shot down the constable there before the latter was aware of his prsence. Smithson, awakened by the shot, tried in vain to get out, and was only released by Mrs. Barker when she recoverel from the stunning blow which the bushranger had struck her. Ilohad then mounted atoccu and followed in pursuit. In the afternoon the party ret?rned from the bush, haring experienced no further moleta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Ieub n's wound, and in the course of a fcrtnigt he was again able to resume his duties. The complete des. ' tiuction of the Sang of bushrangers, and the energy with which they had been pursued into the very heart of the bush country, made a srut sensation in the colony, and Reuben i e at credit ant instant promotion for his conduct. A month after the return of the party from the bush Mr. Donald was about again, and, as the danger was now past, he abandoned his idea of selling his property. The course which revts took can be judged by the following long conversation between IIre. Donald and her s??er three months later. " Well, Kate, after all he has done for us, of course Ihave nothing to say against it, and I don't suppose you would mind if I had ; still, I do think you might have done better." " I could not have done better," Kate caid hotly," not if I had had the pick of the whole lcavr " " ''cll, not in one way. mr dear, for you know that ersnnally I like him almost as well as you do. Still, I do thick it is a little unfortunate that-owe ever knew him before." "And I think it's extromely fortunate," Kate said stoutly. "If it hadn't been that he had known ci befcre and carad for me-he says worstippec, but that's n onsrne-evr since I was a child, he would never I.ave made that terrible ride, and I-" "Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful cra to think of now. Well, my desr, no doubt it's all for the boot," Alice said, philsotphieslly. "At ar.rate, you areo uito hsppy, an I he is a noble fellow, But I hope for your sake that he won't slay in the police. It wvc:ld be dreadful for you when be was nding about hboting after buslhangere and bLcks, for you know. my dear. there are plenty of others left in the colony." "I told him so ye!strday," Kate snid, shyly. "I caid, of cour.e, that I didn't woot to inf'uence him." Alice broke into a laugh. "You littl? go? e, as if what you say do seat indluctee hi,." Three re-ks later Reuben received a lettor from fr. IHudson. "lMy dear Whitecy, I am glad to hear from you that you are engaged to be marricd, nol the circua::_tance which you tell me of nmake it a mcst interesting ahbair. If I were ycu I should cut the cn:tabu!lary. I inclose a I aper from Wilson giving you three weeks' leave. Ccme down to Sdrney at once and talk it over with me. You inow I regard you as my son, and I am going to have a voice in the matter." Reuben went down to Sydner, and after nsc?tao:ning his views. Mr. indson went into town and forthwith erran~I. for the purchase for him of a partnen hip in the chief engineering firm in the town. 'When he told Captain Wilecn what he had doce t l.e atter declared that he had robbc3 the c !crv of its le:t polire o.ic er. Reuben pro etel a"ainst the generosity of the old settler, but the hater declared he would have no conesere eo the sc:biet. ' I am 0on9 c the nrc.eCtmo n t:a0 colony, he said, " and it's lard it I ca,':t sjld my money as I choose." There is little mo:e to te:. Reuben became one of the le.d!ing cii.uins cf Sy.ney, and tvcnty years aifte:ards sold his busincls and returned to England an,1 bought an e:sate not for from Lowes, where he is sill living with hid wife a?l fa Ily. lie was aceomanile freo Australia by his mother, who, in site of lherstrong object:ous to the sea, went out to liveuwith Lim two years after his marriage. The only point upon which Reuben Whitney and his wife Live never been able tocome to on absolute agreement is as to which owes most to the other. [rIEtr ED.] 