LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. SYDNEY LOO/U. EXAMINATIONS.-A meeting of the Warwick committee will be held OP Saturday (this afternoon) in St. Murk's school-room at 3 o'clock. TEHDEHS.-TUo clerk to tho Inglewood Divisional Board invites tenders in our busi ness columns for the destruction of noxious weeds growing upon the reserves within that division. ACKNOWLEDGMENT.-The Dispenser of the Warwick Hospital acknowledges with thanks sixty volumes and a lot of magailoes from Mr. J. D. Steele, and papers fronr Messrs. De Couluy, J. Millar, and Cadman. E. D. H. AND A. ASSOCIATION.-A Bpecinl meeting of this society will be held in the Town Hall on Saturday (this afternoon), at 2'30 p.m., when business of an important nature will be brought before the meeting. THE WEATHER.-Beautiful fine weather prevailed fa town during the week, the days Deing exceptionally pleasant, while the nights, though somewhat cold, indioate the departure of winter. There are no appear ancea of rain. A STRANGB CASE.-Siiye an Adelaide tele gram dated September 2 Mrs. Ruth Smith, a young married womau, was in searoh of her littlo child who had gone astray last week. The child returned home, but the mother dirt not. The body of the woman was discovered j to day in the Torrens River. | THE WUBAT CROP.-Our Yangan corres pondent, writing under date September 1, Bays:-"Since the last showers fell in this district the wheat crop has made rapid strides. I never saw wheat at this time of year looking so promising as it doe. at present. We should have a grand crop this year. CLIFTON RACES.-We again remind the owners of racehorses that nominations for all handicaps in connection with the Darling Downs Amateur Tort Club races, to be held at Clifton on September 28, will close on Saturday (today), 5th instant. The programme of eveuts appears in our issue this morning. OPKNINO OF THE New CHDROH OF END LAND AT KILLARNKY.-The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Brisbane will open the new Church of Englaud at Killarney on Wednes day next, the 9th instant, 8pecial train «r rangemonts have been made for the occasion, ana a large number of people is expected to be present. MB. COWTON.-We are glad to be able to state that Mr. Cowton, who for the past fort night has been staying at one of the sea-side resorts in the vicinity of Brisbane, returned home during the week much better m health. Though not thoroughly csnvalescent, his medical adviser states that the braeing climate of Warwick will gradually hut surely restore him to his usual health again. FARMERS' MBETISO.-It will be seen by advertisement in this issue that a public meet ing is convened for Tuesday next at 2*30 in in the show building, Swan Creek, to discuss the situation of matters, end U> appoint a delegate or delegates to attend the meeting to be held at Clifton on Tuesday, tho 15th in stant, so that the agricultural district of War wick may be properly represented. STILL THEY COME.-Wo learn with much pleasure that Mr. C. B. Daveney has again placed in our district a gentleman from one of the neighbouring colonies, a Mr. Carten and family, to whom Mr. Daveney has sold Mr. A. Margetts" South Toolburra property of some 2000 acres, and we fuel we are jusUbed in con gratulating Mrr Carten in Manuring the " Red Ridge," as ho possesses in his new purchase .ne of, if uot the best, grazing areas of the dis triut. P.Y.M. GDILD.-The usual weekly meeting of the Guild was held in the Presbyterian Jhurcli on Thursday evening, when the chair waa taken by Mr. 1\ Roso. The minutes of previous meeting were confirmed as read, after which Mr. W. K. Hyslop read the following annonymous papers " Anger," " Honesty, "Matrimony," "Determination, and "Self reliance." After the various papers had been criticised at some length, the meeting was brought to a close. TRY Empire Co.'s "Avena," "Avona" Best Food known. Kept by all grocors. KATE KEARNEY.-Says " Van Tromp" : " I am very pleased to learn from my friend Mr. Aliman that his exceptional dam Kate Kearney, mother of those splendid oolts Dan O'Connell and Dillon, dropped a brown filly foal to Archio on Thursday last. This !B the fifth foal to Archie, the first four being oolts. Naturallyenough," Jerry"is very proudof this latest additiou to his striug, which is a splen did loobinjf healthv foal. Kate Kearney will this year be stinted to Mikado, oucof the best bred sires in Queensland." THE CLOSE SEASON.-The close season for all birds except wild pigeobs in the districts of the Burnett, Darling Downs, East Moreton, West Moreton, and Wide Bay extends from the 1st August to 20th December inclusive each year. For wild pigeons in the districts of East and West Moreton the close season commences on lat September, and exteuds to 20th December. The bettor known of the birds protected by the closo season are awans, wild pigeons, turkeys, cassowaries, ducks, laughing jackasses, magpies, and quails. FOOTBALL -To-day at noon a team of foot ballers representing Combined Warwick will leave town for Allora, where they will try conclusions with Combined Allora and Grcernnoaiit this afternoon at 4, when a closo and interesting game should eventuate. The team to represent tho visitors will bo as follows Full- back-Jas. Ferguson ; S-backs -J. Collins, McNally, Frank j J-backs-I). Collins, 8. Ferguson ; forwards-J. Locke, McKenna, Thompson (2), Devlin, Stewart, Stevens, Tooth, Porter, Fleming, Horri gan, and Jones. The above players are re quested to meet at tho Royal Hotel coruer at II, from wheiice the couvcyauce will leave. DEATH OF MK. II. L. FOSTER.-It is with feelings of genniuo regret that wo have to record the demise of our respected tolcgraph ?nitster and townsman Mr. H. L. Foster, which event took place at his residence, Percy-street, on Wednesday evening last, the immediate cause of death being paralysis. Prior to his death tiie dooeascd gentleman had beeu confined to his bed for about a fortnight, having suffered somewhat seriously during that time, passing peacefully away on Wednes day last despite tho Bkilful efforts of his medi cal advisers and the unremitting attention of an affectionate wife. Mr. Foster was widely respected in Warwick, where he had resided for tho past nine years. Of (rontle demeanour, unpretentious in habits, a kind parent, a eenorous neighbor, bespeak some of tho many ttood qualities of the law Mr. Foster. We are sure wo are only expressing tho feelings of the community of both town and district when wo oxpross onr deepest sympathy with deooased's widow and family. The funeral took place on Thursday, and was largely at tended. Tho Rev. Fathor Horan conducted the burial sorvlco in a solemn and impressive manner. IT is a good rule toacoept only such medioines as are known to he worthy of confidence. The experience of thousands proves that Ayor'» Cherry Pectoral is the best medioine ever used for throat and lung disease. EMC VALE.-We have been requested to (jtate that mass will be celebrated at the B. C. Church, Emu Vale, on Sunday morning next, at 10 o'olock. NEW GOODS now showing at J. DK CONLAT'A Telegraph Stores-New Prints, new Delaines, new Beugalincs, new Hats, now Trimming*. An entire new stock of Bummer Drapery and Clothing at the Telegraph Store*.-[ADVT.] WESLETAN CIIUBOH.-On Sunday morning next the Rev. Richard Martin, from England, will preach in the Wesleyan Church. The Rev, Wm. Jeffries will hold an open-air ser vice iu the Square at 4 p.m , and conduct the people's service in the church on Sunday night from 7 to 8 o'clock. WAHWJOK WESLEVAN IMPROVEMENT ASSO CIATION.-A meeting of tho above association will be held in the Wesleyan Church on 1 Mouday night, the 7th instant, when the | ROT. Richard Martin will read a paper on the subject-"The twofold aim, or edooation and usefulness " A pleasant evening Is anticipated, and all are cordially invited. ^ CHILDREN like it, adults prefer it, " Avcna, or Cooked Rolled Oats.-[Ai>vT.] On, PBINOE ALBERT !-The Prince of Wales (says a Homo paper) is threatened with another and a graver scandal arising from his relations with Lady Brooke, the favorite to whom, in violation of his pledge, be confided the secret of Sir William Qordon-Cumming . cheating. About 20 years ago he figured iu a similar scandal; but England can stand a good deal of that Bort of thing-in a Prince. " AVENA," 'packed in 21b. packets, 71b. and 3Jlb. bags. Sole agents, ROBERT HABPEB fcU>. MORDBR BV A BLAOKFEIAOW.-A case of the murder of a blackfellow by another oc curred at Mitchell reoenlly. An aboriginal known as " Mitchell Dick," during a quarrel, drew his knife and attempted to cut two or three others who were present. One black, known as 11 Poco," received a nasty stab in the thigh, one of the arteries being severed. The cnt was so Bevere that the man bled to death before medical aid could be obtained. T£MTKKHIKU) TOURNAMENT.-'A.t & meeting held at Tetiterfield on Thursday night last, Captain Qhauvel in the chair, it was deoided (says the S. II. Berald\ to hold a military tournament there on two days in November. A large and influential committee was an pointed to carry out the affair, which promi ses to eclipse the large gathering of last year. Sixty pounds were subscribed ID tue room, and promises of liber*! support have been re ceived. MOST Digestible, Highly Nutritious, Cooked Rolled Oats. " Avena." Try it.-[ADVT.] THE LEADER OF THE OPPOSITION.-The se lecting of Mr. H. M. Nelson as Leader of the Opposition (says the Tooioonj Herald) has given almost universal gratification. Mr. Nelson is a man of great culture, of undoubted natural talent, courteons to a degree, and if he resembles (lie poet Gray, in that his incli nation would lead him rather to live a life of learned ease than involve- himself in the throes of political turmoil, yet it is believed by those who know him best that his keen sense of duty will urge him to a vigorous and painstaking discharge of tho political responsj >ilities he has undertaken. In addition to all, his thorough integrity has never been ques tioned. We congratulate the Opposit.on on the wisdom of their choice. , SERIOUS A'OOIDEHT AT WARRA.-Sub-inspec |tor Graham has (says Wednesday's D. D. OastUt) reoeived from Senior-constable War ner, of Warra, particulars of a very serious if not fatal accident which occurred ou the 23rd ultimo to a young man named Arthur Bolton, son pf the railwey station-master at Warra. Arthur and hi* brother, who had been after cattle, came homeward at racing speed, and while crossing the Warra railway bridge, the two horses came into violent collision, that ridden by Arthur being hurled to the ground. The youog man WM BO serious'y hurt that ne was taken to the Dilby Hospital p6it day. Last week inflammation set in and the doctor holds out little hope of bis recovery. Arthur Bolton, who is 17 years old, was a general favorite, and tho sad accident has cast a gloom over the district. THE Universal Verdict - " Avena," or Cooked Rolled Oats, the Beat Food for Break fast.-[ADVT.] A CONVERTED ISLANDER.-The Qatemland Time* Is Informed that amongst the Gambler a passengers was a South Sea Islander, named John Walter, who had been converted to Christianity, aud who had followed the occu* pation of a gold miner. He had been tempor arily in the service of Miss Alice Niokila, 01 Brisbane. Some little time back he was robbed of £100, which he had Intended to utilise in paying a visit to the native island. It is worthy of mention that, a short time ago, he sent to England for a oase of Bibles, printed in tho Tongan language, and caused them to be distributed to hie fellow- countrymen. Walter is said to be a very devout man, and1 to have lived an exemplary life. It is not aenn atoly known whether he is amongst those saved or not. MIKADO.-By a preliminary notice appear ng in another column it will be seen that tho thoroughbred horse Mikado has been secured by Mr. Allman, and will serve a limited numberof mares in this distriotdttriugtheoom ing season, Mr. Altman is to be congratulated on having introduced so valuable an addition in tho shape of a sire into the district, and the district is to be complimented at being the pos sessor of so worthy a performer. Mikado, as a glance at the portion of his pedigree now published will show, is by Marvellous, sire of Marvel, the only horse iu the parent colony that can claim victory against that mighty horse Carbine in n weight-forage race, fhls in itself speaks volumes for Mikado. How ever, a glance at his performances, some of which are published, will nbow that his fume precedes him as a most successful raco- horse in the adjoining colony as well as in Queensland. As far ns pedigree and performances are con cerned, Mikado can hold his own against any sire in Queensland. Wo wish Mr. Allman | every success with him. RKOOTKKY OF GREEN'S Hour. -Tho mys teries in connection with the disappearance of the man Grceu have been solved by the finding of his dead body floating in the Uondamine on Wednesday last. The body was found by Senior-sergeant llurke and Constable McKeeiv ing about a quarter of a mile east of the Holene-street bridge, and from circumstances surrounding the case it is (juito evident that tho unfortunate man met his untimely death by accident. Green, on leaving the Sports man's Arms on tho night of his disappearance, must have gone down Victoria-street-, at the extreme end of which there is a tog crossing over the Condamine, and by means of which a Bhorter route can be taken to Canning Downs tlmn by following the rnud. This was evidently the deceased'* intention. How ever, he mutt have missed the log in question, and, proceeding further up the river, found a second log. This the deceased evidently attempted to cross, and in so doing fell into the water and met his death. The body waa very much decomposed when found, ana was at once taken to the Hospital morgue, wliera Dr. Margetts held a potl-morltm examination upon It, the result of which was tliat he pro nounoed tho cause of death to be asphyxia from drowning. 8lnoe tho date of deceased s disappearance the senior officer of police hid kopt up a continual search for the body. The remains were interred on Thursday. 1 FOE weak digostion-" Avena." Avena i» very strengthening. Try it.-[APVT.J GLADSTONE AND Sporoeox.-The following is Mr. Gladstone's letter to Mrs. Spurgeon In reference to her husband's illness: "Corton, Lowestoft, Joly 10. My dear Madam,-In my own home, darkened at the present time, I have read with studied interest daily accounts of Mr. Spurgeou's ill ness, and I cannot help conveying to you the Mfnmi ngsurance of ray sympathy with yon and witliBtm, apd of my cordial admiration not only of his splendid powers, but still more of his devoted and unfailing character. May I humbly commend you with him, in all con tingencies, to the infinite Stores of tfi&*&iyine; lovo and mercy, and subscribe mysetfTnW dear Madam, faithfully yours.-W. E. GLAD STONE 1" To Mrs. Spurgeon's reply Mr. Spurgeon was able to write the postscript: " Yours is a word of lovo inch as those only write who have been iu the King's oountry and have seen much of His face. My heart s love to you.-C. H. Spcbobok." " AVENA," or Cooked Rolled Oats-The Best Breakfast Food now in use.-[ADVT.] Clever ARBEST.-Says a Melbourne tele gram dated September 1:-The arrest was effected this morning of a man charged with the robbery of £350, the property of the Mel bourne Tramway Company, on 7th July last. An ofheer of the oompany, named Byruh, was taking out money on a tram to pay the era ' ployees at Brunswick, when a man came up, boarded the tram, and told Byroh that he bad been sent by the company to tell blm to re turn, and he would oarry the wages to Brans wick. The stranger showed a letter, purport ing to be aimed by the manager, to this effect, and Ryrch hauded over to him his money bag. Nothing more was heard of the man until this morning, when Detective Uurvett arrested Frank Croson Jones on a charge of stealing the money, the accused being identified by witnesses. Jones attempted to commit sui cide when the officer confronted him. The police reoovered £834. The money stolen was in notes, but the money reoovered consisted of £173 in gold, and the rest in money orders (or various amounts and in the names of different persons in 8ydney. The prisoner had taken his passage for Sydney by the Barcoo, whioh was to leave on Saturday. ASK your grocer for " Avena." " Avena," or Cooked Boiled Oats. Try it.-[ADVT.] A Danoeboto WEBD.-It is reported (says the Melbourne Leader) that the loco weed has found iu way to Australia from America. The loco weed is to vegetation what the rattle snake is to animal life. The name comes from the Spanish and signifies insanity. It is a dusky green, and grows in small bunches or handfuls, and scatters itself in' a sparse and meagre way about the country. It is a sort of vegetable nomad and travels about not a little. Localities where it this season flour ishes in abundance may not see any of it next year, nor indeed for a number of years to come'. She prime property of the loco is to prodtioe insanity to men and animals who pat take of it. Animals-males, horses, sheep, and cattle-avoid it' naturally, and under ordi nary circumstances, never touch it. But in the winter, when an inch or two of snow ha* covered the green grasses, these green bunches of loco standing clear above the snow are tempting baits to animals. Even then it is not common for them to eat it 8till aomo do, and it at once creates an appetite in the victim slirilar in its intense force to the alc&hol; habit in mankind. Once started on the downward path of loco, a mule will abandon all other kinds of feed and look for it. In a short time its effects become perfectly apparent. You will see a locoed mule standing out in the shadowless plains, with not a living, moving thing in his vicinity. His head is drooping and nis eyes half closed. On the instant he will kick and thrust out his heals in the most warlike way. Under the influence of loco be sdes himself surrounded by multitudes of threatening ghosts and is repelling them. The miud of the animal is completely gone. He cannot be driveu or worked because of his utter lack of reason. MAINTAINS strength, invigorates the weak "Arena," "Avena," "Avena." Ask for it. Tbk TEMPERANCE Party IN AMEBIC*. The New York correspondent of the 8. M. Herald writes as follows:-" The temperanoe party have for many months beeu strangely quiet, but they are steadily winning their way into new fieldB, and, in spite of occasional re buffs from the courts, they more than bold their own in territory already conquered. Thus, in Massachusetts, when the law forbid ding the sale of liquor to a standing customer was proved to be a failure from a repressive, standpoint, a fresh movement was mode by passing more rigorous laws for the punishment of drunkenness. As the case stands now, a man who has bera arrested more than twice iu one year for inebriety cannot be let off again With a mere floe, but must be sent to the penitentiary for some period not less than a month nor more than a year. Elaborate provision has been. made for the thorough registry of convictions, and a new dipso maniac hospital is being erected at an expense to the State of 1150,000. All over the Union the alliance between the temperance societies and the churohes, especially inoluding the Roman Catholic communion, is becoming closer and more hearty. The new American order of Pauli&ts; requires absolute abstinence asa condition of affiliation, and only a few days ago a local division of the knights of St. Edward was denounced by an Indiana Bishop for giv ing an excursion at which beer was permitted to be sold, and this was promptly followed by their suspension from the national lorgtutisa tiou. On the whole, though it would seem that the trend of temperance activity was mom.in the direction of high license that ab solute prohibition, many of the prohibitionists preferring to reach their purpose by high li cense as a preliminary measure. In the South the temperance issue rages even more fiercely than at the North, and a great struggle at Atalanta, which has for several years oonvulsed the city at each annual election, is now settled on the basis of high license, with new and highly embarrassing conditions. No saloon can be maintained or opened on a residence street, or in any locality outside the business portion of the city, nor mhy any saloon use a blind, screen, or curtain of any kind to hide its patrons fron public view. This is gener* ally regarded as a critical viotory, and the new regulations will probably be adopted by a number of other towns and cities." Harvesting operations in England have had to be suspended in onnsoquenoe of oontinued wet weather, and the crops are now rottins in the fields. BAUDS* & So.vs' EUOALTITI EXTRACT.-Under tha din tlngulshai patronise of nia Majesty the King ol Italy, m per communication made by tha Minister for Foreign Allaire, through the Conaul-Qenrral for Italv at Mel bourne, March 14, 1878. Awarded Diploma at the Am sterdam Exhibition, 1888. Acknowledged by Medical Clinics and Universities at! over the Olobj. There are imitationi of Eucalypti Extract In the market, products of simple distillation, forming crude roslnous oils. In order that these crude olU- may not be tako*» for our Pure Volatile Eucalypti Extract, which Is recognised by the inodloal dlvlilo" of tho Prussian Got eminent to be of perfectly pure origin, as per Information forwar.lod to us througn the Consul at Melbourne March S, 1878. wo state:-It Is proved by tests made by tho Medical Clinics of the Universities at Bonn and Oriefswild, (Prussia), and roported by Dr. Shulc, Professor of Ph ir macologv at Bonn, and Profeuor Dr. Hosier, Director of the Medical Clinic at Qrelfswald, that only proJucts that are saturated with oxygen and free of adds, resi nous and other substances, adherent to primary dlatllla tion, will develop tho sanativo qualities proper to the elant. All crude oil, or so-called Eucalypti Extractss arc to bo classed according to tho named authorities among tho turpentines which are of insignificant modi dual valuo, and abandoned long slnco as an Internal raodicamont. These crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti Extracts, are discernible 1\. By their deflcloncy In pungent odour (which our product, tho otilv genuine Kuoalyptl Extraot, de> felons most freely through Its surplus of oxygen) S. By their alcoholic, thin, and mobile appearance being reducod in specific density through the pres ence of adds. 8\. By their taste, tho result ot the contracting ten* dency of resins and taoats. If these crude alls, or so-called Eucalypti Extracts, are applied by mistake in eases of croup, bronchitis, diph theria, internal inflammations, dyaentry, fee., the con sequenoes are most appalling. For safety's sake ask ' always (or Bonder fc Son's Eucalypti Extract-Band hurst, Victoria, Australia.-8 amdu * Botfl,-[Abvt.J 