HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. Cn.the night of October 27th, 1842, the tood fihip"Mary Compton," of Bristol, Fngmnd, Was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the v* eather was clear, and the captain ex pected ©very moment to get sight of% the.Hght in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour.-; Once there, and they- were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fear ful «hock and went to pieces. Four men, in cluding >the Captain, were saved. On reach in gthe shore they'found a strange tiling had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and'foot and extinguished the light. - C j Souls, as .well1' as ships,* steer .by.jbhe lights. Hope is the most important- lighthouse ins; the World. What shall be said/of'the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-fossed spirit ? a Tou.are beyond human.aidThese words, w»re said'by a phyaicinn to a woman who liadj come to consult him. Admitting that ihe thought so, had he the right to say so ? No ; for lie might be wroug-and in any case lie had-no business to put out the light. ' \ This woman had been ill for some lime. Jn June, 1889, ohe was. greatly alarmed; by, her ' symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and sheVwas so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled, '* and," she said " all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of fulling. She broke, dut In a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cou.L'h racked her framo so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep, . ! u X could scarcely crawl about the house," ahe say», "I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail.'-^'I^vvent to the dispensary. at New Briggate and- risked the doctor to tell me the worst. - His'answer was,' I have mixed ' you some medicinn-j ."you can take it or leave it. I took it for-three Weeks, then gave up in despair. ' "I talked with two other physicians. THg last one said, " Ton are-pa* t humaii aid."' < ^ "My heart sank within me, for I had five littli children, and my death would-leavefch'em without a mother's love and care.' I went' , hpme: and- cried till (I was aick/rTHud -no L appetite and had lost flesh till I was i'wax thin as a ghost.. My mother came to see me and did not know me., .My skin was, of a green ,and; yellow-colour, and when I ate anything it1 seemed to stick in* my throat.'' About this time I commenced vomiting, and what 1 threw up' was tinged with; blood, Once I bcnan' to vomit at nine o'clock on Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. * 'At this time I remembered^hat Mrs. .TVilsori' with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East street, Leeds (where I live), * had: been ourtd by. Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr* Jesson's, the chemist, in Great G«rden street, and got1 a bottle. A few doses stopped : the vomiting, arid by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could,; eat-a dry crust, and by the time X had finished the second'bottle !I had- got over' all' my bad' symptoms, and was fast , getting my'strength back, Iain now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my Ufa. * . tf I should .havi taken Mother ..Seigel's ' Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was; out of work and we,had only a trifie ^coming In from his club, l^ut I thank -God j-*did| get 'it at last,-and it cured me,'bad.'off as' X^was..".All my friends and neighbours know1 the fact's* I have related j and I will re'plyto any letters of enquiry "' (Si^ed), Mrs. Ami Mills, 40i"Bread' Street, York "Road, Xieeds. , (V \ This was a cafceof indigestion and "dyspepsia with symptoms showing how. far it had affected the nervous system., 'A few months, or possibly weeks more, atod*Mrs, Mills would have.had no tale to tell. £ She did wrong' to* wait' oiie' hour for any reason after having known what Mother Soigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 