THE WILD WEST. THE SIOUX REVOLT. Reason of the Rising. Gossip About " Sitting Bull." The Sioux Nation— The Napoleon of the Redskins—' T he Massacre of Custer's Troops. Tiif. Sioux revolt bids fair lo be a murderous business before tho hatchet iB buried and the pipe of peace is smoked. Dakota has about 30,000 Indians, divided into two dbzeti tHbes, and only about a third-have assumed the ways (and the clothes) of civilization (accorded to the Pall Mall Gazette). About one-tenth are agricul turalists, and their children attend 21 day schools iind eight koarding-Bchools,- the average daily attendance being 826. Tho number of Dakota Indians who can lead is under 2000. The amount of land held in reserves by the Indians is over 41,000,000 acres, of which 5,000,000 are well adapted for farming purposes. The tribes, however, . ntlltf Alii Iff, An 1 f)fl n rillnn fThm, l,n«»A WlliJ VUltlVUtO (kOAdO. Alley 11UW more than 24,000 horses, 7000 head of cattle, and 600 swine, how the quarrel has arisen, Tile Red-man troubles have existed for many years, arising out of plunder and broken faith on. the part of the Government on the, one baud and retaliation and renrisals on the other. The present crisis is due, firstly, to bad faith on tbe part of the Ame rican Government in supplying insufficient food of poor quality ; secondly, to the way in which the Sioux have been cheated out of their lands without receiving the promised recompeilse ; and, thirdly, to the frenzied prophecies of visionaries, who find the ground well procured for the reception of their mystical outpourings, " ghost dances," and Rll the rest of it. The sale of the Sioitx lands was recently the subject of a treaty negotiated by General Crook — who is affec tionately styled by the tribesmen " the Indian's friond" — whioh would confer count less benefits, it wns represented, on the Sioux. Ultimately tlioy wero induced (not without misgivings) to sign that treaty ; and within a month the Government issues of rations and. other supplies, with annuities and so forth, were out down to tbe tune of £3,000,000 sterling a year ! Genoral Crook, who had always acted in good faith, took this dishonorable cheeseparing policy so much to heart that his grief is said to have hastened .his death. the difficulty of dealing with the . . indians. The present imbroglio is also duo in part perhaps to the absence of any one so well equipped for thedelieate task of -conciliation as General Crook. It is no easy matter to manage Indians. .Ignorant, suspicious, and mischievous, .they are yet shrewd to resent what they consider an insult. Tlioy will beg tobacco, for instance, shamelessly ; but they are humiliated if their request is denied, "the-NArOLEON of the redskins." Canada's policy towards the Rcdmcn has been framed on more humane and straight forward lines than that of the United States, hut- the Sioux who entered tho Dominion with Sitting Bull some years ago were troublesome, for a time, now and thon. Sitting Bull, who has been styled by the enterprise of American journalism "the Napoleon of the Redskins," is undoubtedly a born leader of men, a fact which luis been proved . over and over again in many a sortie by the great chief and his braves. It is the penalty of greatness — oven in the case of a cut-throat savage warrior— to- bo misrepresented ; and Sitting Bull cannot complain on this score, for he has been gibbeted (in print) from time to time as a loafer, a elude', a thief, a graduato of Yale, a graduate of West Point, a " coffee- cooler" (whatever that may be), a brave man, and an arrant coward. how the warrior's fame began. About 1867 Sitting Bull was a blanket warrior on the plains. Ho was bold and independent, and desnised the whites. Two years later lie began to attract attention. One of his tribe was murdered— as lie said —in " cold blood." He met Goneral Mor row for a "pow-wow" on the subject, and tho General, foreseeing the difficulties that must arise, consented to "cover" the body — that is, he piled Markets and presents over the corpse until Sitting Bull declared himself satisfied.. From his independent and fearless action on this occasion his suc cess may be dated. His forces immediately began to grow in numbers and in influence, aud ultimately ho found himsolf at the head of one of the most powerful tribes of tho plains. He made his camp in the wilds, allowed no white visitors to bis ter ritory, and wished simply to be left alone. He never asked tlie Government for favors. He lived on tho Yollowstone River, claim ing all tho land along that stream and its tributaries. Hli! DEFEAT of GENERAL OUSTER. In 1875 and 1870 a trilling squabble (such as may usually be found at tho root of these qitarrelB) led to a prolonged and bitter struggle, fortunately accompanied by little bloodshed:- Entrenching his forces around Fort Pease, the beleaguered garrison ut last fonnd themselves faeo to face witli an even more rddoubfcuble enemy than Sitting Bull they were in peril of starvation. At great risk tlity nianaged to send a messago for rolicf. When Sitting Bull hoard that the troops were on the way he gave a promise that if, as lie imagined, the soldiers were only coming to take away the white men, not a gun should be fired, and the b'esiegod men should depart in peace. That promise was honorably, kept, but as soon as the evacuation wns complete tho great chief burned the fort to tho ground. War was declared, however, against Sitting Bull, and the l'UBlr attack on him by General Custor (who lost his life and Mb whole command) at 'tho battle of Little Big Horn (Juntf 25, 1876) is matter of history. Of Sitting Bull's conduct during the fight tlioro are conflict ing accounts; but immediately after- it ho broko up his villago and flod to the moun tains, After doing alt he conld to keep his country I10 was forced to give it up, and to seek refuge under, tlie British flag. Once in Canada, Sitting Bull and his peoplo longed to return to the States. What has happened since is matter of suuh recent history that it.is unnonessary to recall it here. tne chief's cruelty to iiis captives. male captives was as follows : — Tho wretched victim 'was tied to a treo or down on tho ground. , His tpngno was then torn out and Mb sinews cfit from arm and leg and bound round Ms feet, and while lie still breathed a. fire was kindled on Mb stomach. Alter tho rebellion some enterprising impresario stnrtcd a sort of circus show with Silting Bull as the central figure, and sucli was tlie exploration in whioh he was held that'at the first performance the chief was shot at. No wonder, that, in warfare with Red Indians : the white horseman reserves tho last cnambor of-, his revolver for himself. -WHAT SITTING BULL LOOKS LIKE, In personal appearance (says a writor who knows hlin well) Sitting Bull is about 5ft. 8in. tall, and his weight is 1801b. A shot in tlie hip some . years ago has somewhat shortened his left log and causes Mm to walk with a limp, lie is 50 yeai'B old and of a sulky disposition. When talking it is his habit to squat down on his heels — whence his nanio. His neck is short and thick, his head large, his face full, and his fore head high. His eyes are deep-sot, and he does not care to look a stranger in tho face BaVe when lie is angry, when ho 'glares with eyes that btlrn like hot coal. He is a burly aud .remarkable Indian, whom many con sider a great man. c - 