SPORTING. UU 1 The S.A.J.C. have a somewhat difficult : matter to deal with at the present time in j reference to the bookmakers they will recog- j nise in conjunction with the A.R.C. They | have held two conferences with the latter body | already on this subject, but the ruling in the Lammey case crops up as an embarrassment, and hampers both clubs to some extent in the action they would otherwise have taken, j Straightly put, theS.A.J.C. have ample powers j to conduct their own business on a freehold, and : need only recognise the members of the S.A. j Tattersall's in their betting room. Outside I this body, however, their are a number of j smaller bookmakers who have been accustomed j for years past to bet on the Derby and flat i enclosures and to attend the country meetings. ? Amongst these are many who have met their ; liabilities and kept their names good, and -they ; have organised the second body of betting men ] known as Tiers Tattersall's. By the calendar j issued by the S. A. J.C. not more than a dozen bookmakers are recognised as licensed by the premier club, aud these are all members of the S.A. Tattersalk. To qualify a betting member of this club he has to pay an entrance fee of £25 and put up a guarantee of £500. This is relatively equiva lent to what is done by the members of the Victorian Club, the principal club in Al«i boume, but in that city there are also Bowes's Tattersall's, and Mander's Club, some of the members ot which are recognised by the V.R.C. and allowed to have licenses to bet on the hill. The members of Tier's Tattersall's in Adelaide claim a similar privilege. They know they are not qualified to enter and put up tbe guarantees in the S.A. Tattersali's, but admitting tliat they do business on a smaller scale they want to have licenses to wager in the outside paddock. The S.A.J.O. sent uxJ a proposition to S. A. Tattersall's that some of these men should be admitted as honorary members with a smaller qualification than the othei-s, but the premier club have leplied that they cannot make any alterations in their rules or any provision to admit the outsiders, seeing that the latter would have the use of the club rooms and have the hall mark of the premier club to trade with if this concession were granted, it can be understood at once why the premier club refuse to entertain this proposition. We think it a fair thing- that some of the.meaibers of Tiers Tattersall's should be recoguisod : that they should be called upon to deposit a sum of .say £25 a piece to form a fund, fron: which any disputed wagti-s might he paid, and chat tlie S.A. .I.C. should then recognise a certain mmibi-i- of members, who~e names sin mid ba *»ubmLtw-d to tlii-ni fur approval. and tlw'.t thtsfc i-luuild be licensed ti- con duct tlteif .business outside the grand - .stand fnulosui v. 1* would then depend upon the member- of the s-'c-ond 'ftittr-rsall's to keep their own ranks clean and send up the names of reliable men, and the list could be registered in the calendar for the guidance of the seeretarys of country chiOs, who would bs requested to recognise only those nietallicians who were- authorised to wager by the S.A. J.C. A matter worthy of the attention of the S.A. J.C. has been brought under our notice, and that is the advisability of makings condi tion that the leading country courses shall \w enclosed with a rail. The premier club could | make this a condition before granting licenses, | as the expense vould in most cases amount to not more than L~-'0 or £00. Tlie rail would prevent hoisc-s being run inside a post, and .stop some of the dodges that are i-esorted to at these meeting for running off good horses by animals that hare not the ghost of a chuuee o£ winning. The usual day's outing- at the Grange lias been fixed for Saturday, December 19. It c-au hardly be called a race meeting, but the pro gramme includes a trot, a swimming match, tlie trrai!ge li.i-udicap. and a hack race, tor which nominations will be received by Mr. j Wadey rp to 14th inst. Whether the horses ; run straight or swim crooked there will no ? doubt be the usual attaudanc-e of sightseers \ v ho are glad of an excuse for getting a breath : cf sea air on a summer afternoon. i As we are now inaugurating pony meetings it is to be hoped the stewards will act promptly \ ar.d with severe decision if lieeded in i the case of malpractice. The Richmond j course is the latest of those inaugu- ! rated in the suburbs of Melbourne, and : already the stewards have found trouble ; in conducting their meetings. Last Monday '' they had several times to take action. In tlie Portsea Handicap Marksman bolted four times round the course before he could be stopped. The owner took the jockey off, and the stewards disqualified the pony for a period of j six months. After the National Handicap they also decided to suspend W. M'Donald, the i ider of Marigold, for three months for sus picious riding. The St. Jvilda Handicap saw i-onie more peculiar riding, and the rider of Fortune lodged a complaint against Cran bouine's jockey for foul riding, but the stewards dismissed the complaint. A protes against the winner, Dandy Dick, was talked of, but came to nothing. It appears that whilst the lidei.s of Fortune and Cranbonrne weie trying to out-jockey each othw, tlie xidur of Dandy Dick slipped up on the inside, and just snatched the race. For some time past the want of a supreme tribunal in racing matters in Tasmania has been greatly felt, and at last an effort is being made to obtain one. At first it was '? intended to locate this between the Tas manian Racing Ciub and the Tasmaniau Turf Club, oi, rather, in representatives from each of those bodies sitting in conclave ; but other counsels prevailed, and it was determined that the country racing clubs should also have a voice in the council of control. * Sir John, by Countryman (late Cetewayo) : — Rosebud, who is being trained at head quarters by J. Kieholson, has been purchased from Mr. O'Shanassy, of St. Arnaud, by Mr. John O:Regan. and will continue in Nichol son's hands. In addition to the pony race meeting which is announced to take place on the Port Ade laide course a movement is on foot to organise similar meetings on Mr. T. Jordan's course, at Edwardstown, and if the operations are con fined purely to pony racing and trotting it is not likely tbat the racing authorities will inter fere, as the V.R.C have declined to take cognisance of these meetings. Queenslander, by Papapa from Maori Girl, who beat a good steeplechaser and others in | the Bacchus Marsh cross_ country event laso i Thursday, won the Trial Steeplechase ad : Hawkes' Bay, N.Z., last June, carrying 12 st. i ;- lb., and running the two miles in 4 min. ! 48? sec. This hor«e is entered for our Metro- ; politan meetings, and should be worthy of tttntion for Onkaparinga. The weights for the Woochester meeting, to take place on Boxinsr Day, have been allotted by Mr. H. L. Chinnick, who has j started on a somewhat low scale in the Hat races and in the Hurdles has presented the unusual feature of all the horse3 but one being at the minimum !? st. In the Flying Handicap no less than eiglit owners have to find boys \vho can scale at (i st. 7 lb., and what this means on a country course that is not railed in can be imagined. Mr. Hughes has issued the weights for the two principal events at Quoru. in which Vistula has been allotted 12 st. in the Hurdles and S st. in the Chi-istmas Handicap. This bhould1 not deprive him of the chance of winning one or other of these events. Spindle and Little Lad should also run well in the Hurdle.';, and Mudbury and True Briton in tlie Handicap. Paddy's Land is not a big horw?, and must feel his impost of 10 st. in the latter, although he has a good record as a winner at country meetings. The running at tjuom on Boxing Day will throw a little light on the chances of some of the competitors at Hawker on January 1, ? when Satan will be a Triton amongst minnows if he puts in an appearance. Mr. Hughes has given them a steadier, however, in the Totalizator Handicap with 10 st. 12 lb., and in the New Years' Gift with 10 st. fl lb. Paddy's Land and Mudbury ; should have a &ay; in any events in which they are started. For the Nairne race.-, which take place on Boxing- Day, Mr. Ferry ' has entered three or four representatives, and if he elects to go up there should pull off one or two of the events. It is more than likely, however, tbe prizes will be left to the local candidates.^ The appearance of the weights for the Standish and Bagot Handicaps, to be run a& Flemington on New Year's Day, has given an impetus to speculation this week, and numerous wagers have been made with local metallieiaus over the double event, besides straight-oufi investments. On the appearance of the weights Loid Hopetoun aud Steeltrap were at once scratched for the Standish, and we fail to see what Lord Hopetoun has done of late to entitle him to the award of 9 st. Whimbrel is top weight at 9 St. 0 lb., but] he also has been scratched, perhaps be cause the short distance is not his forte. Teksum, it st. 2 lb., sbould_ take some beating ; also Gladstone (an improving horse), who won the race last year with a stone less than he is now asked to carry. Prattler, who then van second with 7 st. 10 lb. has been allotted S st. 6 ib., and should have a trood say in it. Hero, Pigeontoe, and Deerswood are all well handi capped at their respective 'weights, and then we come to Ascot Vale and Skiff, and lower down Wild Rose. Epi, and Competency. On recent running Lardy Dardy must have a chance, and Merriment is not out of it. Amongst the light weights Courteous and Cooramin should command respect, and for half a dozen to supply the winner we select Gladstone, Deerswood, Wild Rose, Com petency, Courteous, and Lardy Dardy. For the Bagot Handicap tlie Melbourne Cup ! winner, Malvolio, is hardly likely to be tried ' at 9 st. 2 lb., but Clonard (S st. 4 lb.), Chintz (7 st. 12 lb.), The Spot (7 st. 12 lb.), Tantallon (7 st. 9 lb.), and Portsea (7 st. 9 lb.), with a chance for Pigeontoe (8 st. 3 lb.) look a likely half-dozen, and if Chintz should be in the humor on the day she will take a lot of beat ing. 