Parkes, Poet, and individualist at the Railway Institute. By J.M., Baemain.j He weren't no saint — tliom engineers Is all pretty inuuh alike j One wife in Natchez-imilor-tlie-Hill, And another one here in Bike. A kcerlcssman in his talk was Jim, And an awkivard hand in a row, But lie never funked, and he never lied — I reckon lie never knowed how. The fire broke out as she elcarcd the bar. And burned a liole in tlie night, And quick as a Hash she turned and made For that willor-bank on the right. Tliere was ruuuiu' and cnrsin', but Jim roared out, Over all the infernal roar, " I'll hold the nozzle agin the bank Till the last galoot's ashore ! " Through the hot black breath of the burniu' boat Jim Bludso's voice was heard. And they all had trust in his cussedness And knowed ho would keep his word ; And sure's your born they all got oil' Afore the smoke stack fell ; And Bludso's ghost went up alone In the smoke of the "Prairie Belle." — Pike Cuiiii/i/ Ballads. Jim Bliulso is the man referred to by Sir Henry Parkes in his speech at the opening eeromoiiy of the Railway lustirution as an angel. The discriminating reader will at oiiee pei'ceive the marked similarity of character of our loading politician and the " keerless Jim," as delineated in the first five lines of the descriptive verse, after that the resemblances eea.ses. All our politicians know how, and are only too anxious, to lie, but they can't find an andieuce to listen to them, so they arc di-iven to the misei'-.iblo e.vpedient of firing their mendacious state ments at the unfortunate railway employees, who have to listen and applaud, or else'ot the sack. Parkes' speech was evidently levelled at those who believe in national co-operation, as they are the oppo nents of the individualistic system he made such a feeble effort to defend. His e-xamples were chosen with a discrimina- ticu that would at once prove a le.ss distin guished speaker ad d idiot. Jim Bludso may have been an individualistrc person, while ho behaved like an Australian Pre mier, bnt ho at once became a Socialist of the most pronounced type when he resolved to sacrifice his life to save his fellows. Utter selfishness and individualism are syuonomous terms. Individualism means jumping on your fellows to i-aiso yoni-solf. Jay Gould is a good example of the beauties of an individualistic system : Parkes said of liiiu, " He exhibited the singular charac- tei'istic to the world that in a single life time he had, by his own efforts, amassed a fortune of £00,000,000 sterling, the largest fortune in the world." He simply pointed this out as another instance of the " import- aneo of individualism being preserved." Later ou Sir Henry told the I'uilway em- plo3"ees, " they should remember the words of the poet wlio said — ' I thought of Chutterton, the marvellous boy. The sleepless soul that perished in its pride j Of him who walked in glory and in joy, Following his plough along the mouutaiu side." | " The- should think of Burns following his plough along the mountain side. He did not wait for his glory or his jo until he was surrounded by adveutitions cirouni- stauces — until the doors of the rich and powerful wei'c ojiened to him : but he en joyed them — the joy of motive and the joj- of power— in the humble position of a Scotch jiloiighman. — (Applause)." It would .be just as well if the railwaj employees, and evciyonc else, did think of these things; Think of Ghatterton and Jaj" Gould, and then j-ou sec the beauties of the iudividualistic system that crashes starved genius into tbe suicide's grave, while one robber, alone, has £(JU,0UU,000 sterling. Think of Burns, and how ho eii- jdycd his jiower — " Still my heart melts at human wretchedness, And with sincere, thuni/li una roil in;/, sighs I view the helpless cliildroii of distress, Witli tears indignant 1 behold the oppression, Rejoicing in the honest man's destruction." This is how Burns expressed his jo' at the benefits the poor derived from indivi dualism. Again he glories in the .sj'steni : ".See j'oii poor o'er-labonred wight. So abject, mean, and vile. Who bogs a brotlier of tbe earth to give him leave to toil ; And SCO yen lordling fellow- worm, his poor petition spurn, Unmindful, though a weeping wife and helpless oit'spring mouru." Then how joyfully ho exults over his own condition and shows his keen ai>precialiou of the benefits he derived from indivi dualism : " If I'm designed, yon lording's slave, Bj- nature's law designed. Why was an independent wish Ere planted in my mind ? " The crusliing humiliation of constantly having to beg his fellow worms to give him leave to toil broke Burns' heart, ami he retired into an early grave, presumablt", to judge b .Parkes' remark.s, to indulge in uueontrolliible laughter and enjoy his power. Then wbeu ho was dead tbe public wanted to erect a momimeiitto him, and the widow dried up the tears of mirth that Hewed down her cheeks and remarked, in her usual jocular waj", when referring to her husband's death, " Ho asked 30 for bread an' you gave him a stone." The beauty of individualism is that eveiy oiie has his choice, and can cither become a slave, a robber, or die. It's not much, but such as it is we all have a choice of at least two of these. Ghatterton chose the last ; ami this is what he wrote, some time before his death, to show his appreciation of the benefits individualism had showered ou him: — "1 never drink to cxce.ss, ami have, without v»nit\', too much sense to be attached to the retailers of iniquit3' — No ; it is 1113- pride, 1113' damned native uncon querable pride, that plunges mo into dis- ti'action ; you must know that lt)/2Uths of 1113' composition is prido. I must either live, a slave, a servant ; to have no will of 1113 own ; no sentiments of 1113' own which I ma3- freol3" declare as saeh ; or die." But Ghatterton found that, even when starva tion had conquered Iiis pride, ami he begged a fellow worm to give him leave to toil — " his fellow worm, his poor petition spumed": and, after four da3-s without food, ho committed suicide, at less than eighteen years of age. It's a i)it3- we did not all iiave a full allowaucc of " damned uucoiUuerable pride," and a projier Union amongst the workers, and then we would have no robber millionaires ami starving geniuses in Australia. We have a poet amongst us now who once wrote a poem entitled ' Our Gomiug Gouutrymen and this is what he wrote in the last two verses ; — 'Thnngli no wopUliniise niiiiidafp. now.. May 3'oar suffering spirits bow, Though yoit feel, ami justly may, Yo liavo won your bread caeli dii'. " Ye .all Christhan faith will need Not to eursc your lot indeed, Still pursued by wretchedness. New and ditl'erent, but not less." This maymow be looked upon as a Fulfilled prophecy-, although it was only a poor llrummagom soi't of pout who wi'ote it. Now, this poet ("r) has changed his tune, and devotes his spare energies to greasing fat pigs of the Jay Gould and Royal family type. By leaving his native country-, early in life, he managed to dodge the English workhouse, and his " Ghristiau faith," or somethiug, has kejit him considerably ahead of the piu'suing wrctehcduuss, " new and different, but not les.s," in this land, but it may overhaul him a bit about next, election time. Parkes also moutioneil Gook and Stephenson as noble examples of wiiat our social system produces, but us he will, doubtless, shortly bo claiming the credit of having first di.scovored Australia himself, and of having been the original inventor of railways, it is hardly worth while comment ing on such obscure individuals as Cook and Stephenson, lu conclusion, the main object of national co-operation of Sydney is to secure a system of goverumeut which will render it unnecessary- for " the poor, but honest man," to go cap in hand to beg a robber to give him leave to toil, and our .sincere prayer is that, if the Lord don't help us, ho may not help the robbers, and we'll make skin and hair iiy at the uext election. 