DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From, our own Correspondent.) On Sunday afternoon the usual monthly meeting of the Pious Union of Our Lady of Good Counsel was held, under the presidency of the spiritual director (Very Rev. N. Crane, O.M.I.) There was a large attendance, including many new members. Fr. Crane addressed those present. The members of the Hibernian Catholio Benefit Gatholia Society were requested to approach Holy Communion in a body, wearing their regalia, on Sunday, 24th inst. The Very Rev. Dr. Barry, who made the announcement at the eight o'clock Mass, said he hoped to see a Urge numbefc ooaply with ⅈ old nd« of the society at the first Mass on Sunday next. The devotions for the Month of Mary are being continued each evening at 7.30, and are largely attended. There is rosary, sermon or lecture, and Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament every evening. The local art gallery has recently acquired a valuable addition to its art treasures through tbe generosity of the venerable Bishop of Sandhurst. The venerable prelate some months ago sent instructions to a personal friend in the Oardinalate in the Eternal City to have a faithful painting of the glorious Sovereign Pontiff, Leo XIII., produced by one of the first masters in Rome. A life-like picture has been painted by the artist, and represents bis Holiness in a standing postare in the attitude of delivering a papal allocution. The dress is the one usually wom by the Holy Father when giving an audience, and consists of the scarlet velvet manteletta, bordered with ermine. The pontifical stole, richly worked, and having the figureof a dove, with its wings extended, embroidered thereon, adds much to the effect of the oil-painting. The dove, of course, is symbolical of the perpetual presence of the Holy Ghost with God's Vicar on earth. The picturo is mounted in an elegant massive gilt frame, and meets the eye of the visitor almost immediately on entering the art gallery. The committee and general public of Sandhurst are certainly to be congratulated on possessing this valuable work of art. Leo XIII. was born at Carpineto, in the diocese of Anagui, near Rome, on the 2nd March, 1810. He was ordained priest in 1837, being then 27 years of age. He was consecrated Titular Archbishop and Nuncio to the Holy See at Brussels in 1843; was sent as Bishop to Perugia in 1846; and was elevated to the dignity of Cardinal in 1853. He was elected Pope on the 20th of February, 1878; celebrated his golden jubilee as priest in December, 1887; and, if he survives, will celebrate his golden episcopal jubilee in 1893. 