v--" Ghosts and Zdrsieries . ' " ' Bohh Biiaa " Onracsr. Ir,tosQxa." j 1 Ithna bscn rosorvod for its modoru'profoa- sors to raise tbo art :ot optical doooplioa.ti) tho 'dignity ota ooiontlfio perlormanoo by availing thomsolvea ; of, modern disaoveries in "op'tios, pqoDmotios, olbotrioity,'' au'd ,'otbor branches of . hnowiodgo preeumably imlinowqto the nndiout, world. The majority of tho foots '.performed depend upon olover arrangements ol roflseiiiug ot light-ubcorbing oucfaoos, whioh outirely deoolvo tbo oyo at ovou' very 'olosaquarjora.'..' Bnt this field has vory lately boea intruded ou by tho addition or substitatiba 'hf mcohahlcal ' dovioee, by tbo aid of which' apparent mirtalos' ' are porfoimod, rivolllog tho wondoraraoordodi' by Fostern travellers. , J ' " PcrrEn'o .Ghost" Aim 'Tnu BuAmii'uc, " Nronn."- >' - f ' Topper's Ghost was -..based upon tho simple principlo that tbe imago of uny person or thing projootcd upon n roileotlng enrlaoo with a dark, baoegtound, was rcfraoted to upparontty tho ' coma distance behind that aurfsoo — u result soon every day in nn ordinary mirror, but owing toits etortllng offeot to tho. dark nnd hollow back ground ' which allbwod a roal poruoa to appurently walk through tho refracted imago. Bomo dozen years .' ago (nayB a writer in " Invention") Mr. Topper, in con junction .with Mr. Walker, invented the mysterious obango trick, in whioh a maii was apparently changed into a wofoan, and yice-veisa, on tho staga in fall view of; tho andi'enob. Tbie, like . the "ghost," was a purely oplionl dovloo, - and was rovivlfiod with ' some modifications last year , by anothor' 'performer. Long previous j to this, the "Talking Head" had boon suoqoss- fully exhibited all over tbo world. Tho spec tator saw what was apparently a fouc-leggod tablo standing ou an empty staga. Upon this table was a human load, obviously attoobed to a body, ,os it was undoubted/ that of a. live porson ; but bow tbo body waa oonocjalcd puzzled many thousands of spectators for a pon- ' eidorablo timo. Tho next to suooood Frofdstor Peppw's first illtiBion, if, wo mlstako not, was tho Beautiful Nfobo,"' whioh ooneiitod ol on apparently human hoad turned to atono, whiph at tho command of tbo exhibitor again bodamo opdowod with lifo, aud was followed by j tbo " Strango Lady," oxbibited at tho Royal Aquarium, and 6omov/hat of tbo same ordor its .the' "Talking Head." ' Tbo ladyroposes body- less on thrco brass bare, and to prove that thoro is no deoeption Dr. J onnlngs opons tho dobr at the book, through whiqh. on unintorrnptod viow oau bo obtained, proving .that thu illusion is not oreated by louana of rcfloot'ou. Fow over auoaoed in diroovoring, " how it is dons;" and tbu majority are even more puzzled by j tho "moglo hand,' shown at tho asmo timo, end whioh bos. frcquontly defied ths soru'iny of even professional oonjdrors. Dr. Jonningajwaa tho firot porfortnor who started thii olasg of ontertairiment . ' at Woohaiinetor, and that it ehould have' oontfnued to bo a saooosa for so long a period is a strong testimony to its 'Jag- rinatiGO. . ' " TniuuA." | Aruoog tbo most notablo oxamples of ; the ita-rjit h vim that havo from lima to timo startled tho uninitiated oro the inventions of a gentleman whoso noma may 'be-quite unfamiliar to our readers, but whoso, productions havo found thoir Way to eveky part of the habitable globe. ThegenUeman in question, -Mr. J. H. Winston, unlike most performers, does :not attach his name 10 the advertisements aunouuo- iog his oxhibitiono, but he is .well known tcj all professors of tho myeliu art ou tto inventor of all tho illnrions thnt hnva appoarod ''at! tho Crystal Palsoo for soma years past. One of his first productions, "Thauua," ho first pro duced nt that plaoo of ontortiunmont in oonuoo- tion with tho oelobrated oonjtirerj'pr Lynn, in- 1884.' This is probably tho beat lino wn of j Mr. Winston's inventions, aa there is ecarcoly.ajaity of importanoo in any part of tbo' "'world where, it hua not booh oxldbited: Tho solution of tho myBtory is ridiculously simple, it was onoo writton : "Tho. lady is plttOt d upon an' inclined plane, ' hor. head, ebouldera, and aims alonb being visibto. ,Tho plane on whioh hor body lios is iuviolblo in tho darkness beneath. At tho nook, howovcr, begins a falso buat, olegantly 'oorsotted,', tho waist of whioh touohea tho ocntre of tho board on which bpr. trunk is apparently swinging!. The faleo bust fa in tho eameperpondioular with her head, shoulders, nnd . anna,, and uho might., bo stubbed in tho apparsnt region of thob|oart with tho sharpest of daggora without 'sustaining tho slightest injury." Mr. Winston, howqvor, btatoa that tbo rem explanation of tho illusion isnotquito so "ridiaulouely simplo " as ; this writer appears to think. Tho explanation gjvon above, liko tbo anatomy of tho lady, Is fall right bo far as it gooa ; but tbo roal sooret lioa In the prodnotion of the darknoqa bolow tho.wpiat. . Sir. Winston disooverod n' mqjhcd of absorhlbg 'ell rayeof llghtr falling unbn: tho Idollnod' p)ano , end thus rendering. it iavislblo,! odd it wag by this means, and not merely' by (cooping j thu lower half of th« lady "in tho dark, "'"that! tho lllaBioiyta really producod. " ' , Rww.Wuft.Wrf«'.Pi.n)»ww»T) n Among Mr; Winaton'o other prodnotions may ho mentioned' ".Ihdas," an improved kind of "Thauma,"in whioh tbo ddrknoea reforrodto nbovo was oonvortcd ' Into p blaze of light, - a " vanlabing lady" on' a prioolplo novor usod by uny other performer, and tho mysterious " She- who. must-bolbboyod," tho ooeret of which .has bsfiled expert exponents of " modern magto." Jn tho latter, illusion tho visitor sees before . him, suspended in mid-Mr, a email brazen .urs . about 6 inches in depth, and out of this email rcooptno'o, whloh is said to contain thonihos of the toriihlo "whito' quoob," but whioh would oirtoinly not hold an ordinary atzed baby, rifoa a fiill-grownlody.who demonstratea jhsr Buhitnnllality by tapping tho sidos and bottom of tho urn and finally retires into tha aamo narrow compass, leaving tho amazed spectators vainly-puzzling oUt "how It'adono.". " Oloo- | -patm, tho snngiopf thoonolont Bgyptiana) rii- 'iini-i(ated nud»oatored,,'ln>olsoiinothor ofjthla of startling illueJdqs.anij 'offeota illuBtaaUvp of :Mr Eider, -Haggard's hovel of 'that name, i ; , : ".Trtn MxiD Ok,5vxa;Moo».":r j , Fab of all Mr. Winston's produbtion). tha palm muat ooftalnly bo nwaraed to hlalataat ' II Lliterto Volanfo," or tho ' Uai ofltha . XfloOn, "-produced at tbo Crystal Filaoo. (Tho ontiro heolr ol tho stago la oouupled by1 : an im- cjipo moon, whioh is illaminatod from behind. . Tbabnly'ohjeot ofthlu largo tmnaparoabqurfoca . iato render it tnipoeslblo tor cuy opaquo gab- etonco, however smclFor fine, 4aqh as wiro or ntricg, to 'bo lotorpoesd between tho QuiloriDO . nnd thls'trnnsparonoy Without ita being at onoo dMeotedlby tho sharp eyos of tbaspeotatora. Alter o brief iatroduouoo, Mr.' Wiirton loads his erifcjiet, a yonbn lady about 6 foot 6 inphos in .height, , ou lo tbo very, front of tho stggo, within oborit O loot of ths audlonoo, and after polling bar into a mosmorlotranos .sbojim-, mediarelyoccenda soVoxal fdst'cnd performg the' most astonishing ovolutious hi inla-hlr at j the bidding of. tho exhibitor,, Mr. WIngton .g'vos praotisal demoDStrationoof tho impassibility of thosubjept being oupported by, wirca or, ctriligo, And obtieidering that thp whole exhibition, tikes 'pJato' olindrt: within rcioh'of tbo'' audlcaeo, and 8 1 or '1,0 'foot " In ' iront ' of; tho filumlnntod haoligioiind, cqeta : cn-v, 5mp4sa!-': .bfllty- 'to Jonpp6ri tho -Ipdy' by . tapohamcal 'meann " without >ltol bolng-' nt' .oaop irip- p or eat ''to ; thd cpoototow,'., A 'similar lllimoa wad -toi Bomo- ' -tiUp pihjliltirs1'' biidorj tho mohogomenb aj'tli Odrmcrta/aiiljmariy havo : regretted.' to n3 't|fc;Mt\ia:bow olppa. j It 'ptodup'od'sn sioolleiifc offoor,' but 'v/ao rroutvo-i c6tnpliehedin''ait'o tlia: conib' mtxncoi osMr.. . "Wwtou'ef ): J, 1 '7 jj. ji o; IsutnnijV (tj I ;. \- TYo havo rcj'omd unt tholast.Bnyiipooinl. edlurion to Mr, MrTckolyno,:V7h.Oi fW?;P0|iglth- : ptat)ding, i» p:qbahly t&3 aqyen of Jnventoro in thq.llluslvo art, This io tho latest ondoortalgly |ho most rt.ortllDgffteooptloji yptiprasonjop nt , 1Hh3tihca6QuarttCT.:of.;myst«:7yr <thc EgrotlAo. liJaUil A wBtoWAiiycPnSciodH Jsplapglin o coflo of.apjtoprloto clzp, In loll vtowisfltho .acdlencoindtnbloplupodon.n.wgojonstand, . proTiqttaly.ifcpijfed fQojid for,.exar»ipati9fi by- , ,.ihO Bndosco,.tapJ7!!t9 pcisRUw :thw Idea 0 Ita' :be!ng pocslhlo.to qte.- n itrep floor-': nTho.-o irfo, tath j&fljeKPSute.tl; the3,:<5$Wi»»4.rtIth.l> l#r. eUh:bIota)i!ic4!.ittt8K'.tl;4 oxtcsloru the icr. ,. feriPKR.IteoFo too ouAIotyK r» fotticopftoflocwhyate Ueppsrswy«3jo WBi tkn ttellirvUbsfcho.'PvdffanJj&jaftiiss;/lt. wlti Mg, nand\ and cage and U4NcMt»: xahjs i<ja. , ThlKopf .«ftiaffl,-,dep<«dsijjal!to»ohaaionl no , qpHoupmpirj- iihtrtiit tonont hup ; ifi' wl n.'floUoff /« 'djiiV .-tont/i oM-"l ."i - > ,«>. t Vi" i i: ?";.>> ); .'l "ij'-i/.t; less , one, of . tho most msmfbg it not, as.vro' inollna to think, tha very best over offered to tiro Lentjon publid. " < A rimfoeiiahon m wnn Fagt. 1 Woro wo -to turn to tho oast, thoro woul& bo do Inok'of most tntoroatlng mattor in this pon. racUon. Tho narrator oi tho following woo bim- coif an oxcolleht nmatoue proatidlgitatour : MTho apartment being 'filled, tho maglolana 1 hqgan their . performanoel Tho : audlonoo sat ' on tho floor about the fakirs, go lhat they had noway of, concealing themselves or of hiding anything. Attboirnqup't I examined them, and oitisflod toyeelf .that thoy had nothing about' thorn. 'Jhtn ono 'of;. tho. women otopnod iato Union-, elosuro, tbo rest remaining behind the speata- tors, who formed a oIoeo riogabont them ;Tho light was now turned dotvn a little, and ia a momonc tho woman' n fuco begun to' bu illuminated by a ghostly light that ex truded quiokly over bor entire body., Bho then began to move round and round, nttaring a low murmuring Bound tho wbiloi gradually quiokonirg tbo puoo until sho was whirling about liko a top. A momoht of this, and tho light that had clung about ;hcr socmod to bo whirled off by centrifugal forco, aud assumod a pillar- liho form beside her. Aa soon ds this was accomplished . ebs stopped, turned, and began to mould tho light with bor hand, ond though I could distinctly oco hor bands movo through tho light as if it woro a oloud, it bogah to aeeumo human form. ..Wo saw tbo arms, hasdp, and logs all moulded, and finally a.faoo ond. houdgoar. Bho next called for a light, and tho oundlca boiog relighted, there stood an utter stranger, a nntivo seemingly ovolvci out of oloudland. Ho ntoppod forward and graspod me by tho hand ;. his hands wcro moist, as if with perspiration, and be was a vary lioalthy spirit. After ho had talked arid drunk a glass of arrack ho took his plaoo hoetdo tbo wouiuu ogain and began to whirl about. Tha lights were dimniod, but not so that wo could not sue, and in a low moments tho figure begun to fado, soon assnm'ng tbo sppcoranoe of a pillar or form of light, and then attaching itself to tho woman, end seemingly bring absorbed by hor. All ibis wbb done in a very short 'spaoo of timo, befotd tho eyicB of at loist 60 pcopio, and not 10 feet from mysoll. Tho girl appoarod greatly exhausted aitorwnrds. Now this would ba' ox-, plained by the eplritu&list; as a matorialisrition, and by tho Psyonqlogioal Society vu soma 'now sen eo' or power, &o.;, but, botweea'yqu arid! mo, who bnow that all things can ho .'explained bv cold foots, it was merely a olover triok, so skil- Inlly done that I did not disoover it in any other way or ehapo ."—Tall Mall Budget, Juno 18. 