THE GHOST OF THE TRAIN ING STABLES. A (continqed. Coulsou turned to his companiou with a smilo. " He'll do, Captain. The iaoney is as good as in tho biuik. Ton can put on his clothes, Jevons, and take him homo. He's a clipper, and no mistake. He caiuo up tho straight like a - — " " Eockot " suggested Berkeley. " How's that for a name f By Gunpowder out of Falling Star — not bad, I think." "Couldn't be bettor," was tho hearty answer. "A few more of his sort, and we.'ll soon have you back at Tho Hall, Master Charles. I shall live to lead in a Derby winner for you yet. Lord! I think it would almost bring tlio old man out of his grave to know tlie Berkeleys had their own again." Tho words were hardly past bis lips- when a crack, like the report of a pistol, close behind them made both men jump as if they had beau shot. Mr. Slimmy, who, having heard and' seen all he wanted was in the act of beating a masterly retreat, bad unfortunately sot his ; foot oil a rotten branch, which instantly snapped beneath his weight. Taken by surprise the tout lost his foothold" and his balance at tho same time and made an in effectual grab at tbe swinging boughs, pitched forward, and despite his wild on- devors to recover himself, descended preci pitately in a shower of leaves and dry twigs on the wrong side of the hedgo. " Wliore the deuce did the fellow coma from ?" ejaculated Berkeley, as ho gazed blankly at tbe heap on the ground. Coul- Bon's only answer was to swing himself off the horse and fling tho bridle to his com panion. Tho quick-witted trainer had reckoned up the situation in a moment, and before the luckless Slimmy could gather himself together Coulson's hand'was on his collar, and Coulson's " crop " was crackin" and curling about his person, picking out tho tonderest parts with a scientiflc pre cision that made him writhe and twist in frantic efforts to free himself from that iron grip. But tlio trainer stood six feet in his socks, and was well built. Ho held his victim like a rat, while his strong right arm brought the lash whistling down again and again with a force that cut through the tout's seedy clothing like a knife. "For God's salco, Coulaon," cried Cap tain Berkeley, " hold hard, or you will kill the man." "And a good thing, too," said tho trainer, relinquishing his hold on Slimmy with a suddenness that sent him sprawling into the muddy ditch. " I know him, and I'll have no touting on my place. If ho shows his face here again he'll find himself in tho horsepond. Stop that row," he went on, turning to where Slimmy lay in the ditch, crying and cursing alternately, "and get off my ground before I chuck you over tho fence." White with rage and pain, the tout picked himself up and scrambled through the gap in the hedgo as fast as his aching limbs could carry him. But when he had put a safe distance between himself and Coulson he turned and shook his fist at tho trainer's retreating figure. "Curse you," lie said, with a horrible imprecation. "I'll pay you out for this. I'll he even with you, if I swing for it, swelp me if I ain't." Owner and trainer rode home in sileuoe. Coulson was a good deal upset by tho discovery that his horse was being watched. Ho had recognised Slimmy, and Slimmy was known to be in tho employ of a party populoxly supposed to stick at nothing, and quite capable of trying to got at a horse that threatened to upset their game. Then, again, the arrangements and time of the trial had been kept so quiet that it seemed impossible tho tout could get wind of it, except from, some one Meetly coimected -with tho stables. Alto gether Coulson felt uneasy, and, after some consideration, ho mentioned his snspicions to his head lad, in whom he had tho most implicit confidence. Jevons thought things over lor .a bit. Then ho suggested tho colt's box sliould bo changed, and that ho should sit up with him. " Put him in tho end box ne.xttho sadillo- , room, sir ;-it is so seldom used that an out- sidor would not think of trying it, and there isn't many of the lads as would like to run about in there to- niglit, leastways not one as had a bod conscieiico." Coulson knew what ho meant.' In tho box next tho saddlo-room his father, old Alick Coulson, had come by his end, kicked to death by tho Ebor favorite on tho very eve of tho race. A training-stable is not exactly a hot-bed of superstition, but, without doubt, a feeling did exisit in con nection with that particular box, and, as 'Jevons had said, it was very rarely usoih " Shall you liko to sit up there your self ? " tho trainer asked bluntly. Jevons did not mind at all. He said ho did not hold with ghosts and sucli liko, and ho was sure a sportsman liko tho old master would know bettor than to come, upsotting tho colt and spoiling his Jevous', nerve just before the race. Still, as there was gas in the saddle-room and a fire, if Mr. Coulson had no objection lie might as woll sit there, and look in ovory now and again to see his charge next door was getting on all right. The trainer readily agreed. Ho had a high opinion of tho lad's coolness and common sense, but ho also felt that to pass tho night alone and without a light in a place wliich, however undeservedly, had the reputation of being liaimted, and that, too, on-tho very aiiniversary of the tragedy from which the superstition took its rise, was a pcrformanco calcuhated to try tho strongest nerves, and lie preferred that Jevons should not face tho ordeal. Indeed, it struck him as he left the lad for the night that ho would scarcely have cared to undertake tho watch himself. It might bo fancy, but there was a queer feel about tho place. " Fifteen years ago to-night," thought Coulson, " sinco an Ebor crack stood in tliat box. It was a dark horse, too, and owned by the squire. It is a coincidence, anyway. No, I slior.ldu't caro to take on JovouBB job." Nor was he alone in his conclusions, . Several other people expressed a similar conviction, notably Jevons' subordinate, who had hoard of the arrangement in tho morning. " I wouldn't bo in Bill's shoes to-night — no, not for fifty down," ho said, and slipped off unobserved to the nearest box to post a letter. Tho communication he despatched was addressed to "3. Downey," Esq., Groat Northern Hotel, York," and was marked " immediate." The lad was going over to the " races in tho afternoon, and felt tolerably certain of getting speocli with tho jockey, but he was a careful young man, and wisely left nothing to chauco. (to be continued.) 