Silll 11 ( iA111/ ij(.:13 1 311 '.11 'IITICP ( '1~1~1·, 111. HII~II~ 11'1(·11111 1111 1(1 "'1)* i111 "k\~ I''' ' t'1 I 11111 in1)'1 If II[H I'IJILI( I iiII:1 Ili\III pItII y1~H1 tcij.'i,,,1· 1(111(( 'ii r1111)·111111 1\1·)1 1) 11)PI(IPI 'III I'11 1' sl*. \\\11: 1 1()1111 11( 11 1Bllil II)~t r1) I '1 I 1'111~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~yi nIii' I ilI m 111 11 11 11 1(11 i.I J In\ l null tm1. (·111.1( 1\1( 11 (1 1' 1 '1 trnmiil iiI( li iimm111111~ 11( 1''1111 ·)1AIII(I~II( IuIt i iuniri mr'iui iii) nurrurmnr tiiii i~ll F '1. liii i11111 'nlit Ii, 11 (1 IIII 1)1(1) l lll l 1 IY L'et the salhib ask the question befor he shoots,' said he, calmly. 'Do you know the descendant of this ll.uhon Cogswecll?' ; Yn'Ys.' ' Who, where, and what is the person ?' She i ta graidilreco of the Ilajal Nahanilnha and resides in his palce tin Odeyporeeo Whati sho? A true daughter of Vishnu, and I, sahlbl am her slave.' " ' I lowered nmy weapon, and lie a em-ment more he continued : Let theo sahib listen,' ho said, with a "dignity that impressed me, eandslet Ish take heed. During the nlight befor e left his native place a doublo, crimo was committed, with the com. mission of which he was accused. Being cast into prison, an unknown friend released him, and Shoescapod.' I was by this time wallking beekn and forth in the little room, too much agitated to allow myself o to speak; but in my hand I still carried the revol. I ler, and In my mind many schemes arose for rid ding myself of this unpleasant confidant. I did not interrupt him, however. ' You are bound for the East on a most dang, r. o, udnsalonss ,' he said, and your path will be beset witll treachery and dangerU.;usally. When you least expect it death sill .are you in tle face. When apparently in the g eotest ecurity, perils se ubtlet 'nd sudden will dind on vtlicer 1ind. i e : l-~n the' : ( roe D acl will iaong cr you, suspeseeidl the tiniest web the Sspid r/slpins. And so lo]p as the itjilh Neh. manla lires your per il will "? , ,until it ends 'wih your deathll, unless yc aroTerep.erd to turn en back from eour present idltention.s and forsske 0 all further cffrt to find the heir of Reuben Coge. well,' N' Never I'I cried. Agoid that faint smil, like the flitticg of a d. phantom, passed across his face. 'I have not done,' lie continud, ' for I know bef,:e I spokes thatyou would not turn lnotk. I there Is, Shlib, a brighter side, for a friend-the friend who liberated you froml prison-will watel over you constantly, and when dangers threaten and tho sword is about to fall you will bo suro to be warned. How cannot he told, buh let it not y matter how tho warning comes sheed it; no mat. ter how many there are, hood thone all, or you s will die.' ' Wiho is this frieond ? I asked, pausing abruptly ir in my restless paeing to and fro; 'and, Simrlas, who are you? Not a servant, surely I' o 'Yes, sahib, your servant. Liston ; you shall Skinow all that can be told. Wsth that you must If be satiasfed, for nothing more can be revealed at present. . When yousr enemies find that yon escape them If and still live, they will resort to apparent waror It ing to lead you into danger; but heed them Is not. You will always know the messages of your a friend by the word "Nurha," either spoken or written.' d IWhydo you teoll me this?' I asked." To Sfrightoen me ? If that is your reason, Simrha,you o will not succeed. 'No more questions can be answered, sahib. Of all that you have been told take hiesd, for the truth ihas beeo spoken. I deceived you in order a to enter your service, but that was done for tirhe purpose of this interview. You could not be x spoken to untll we were on the water. Now that t the words are spoken, we muit part. ltemember, r sahl, all that yon have heard, and if you heed : the warning we shall meet again l.If not, you sill fail ; aend, if even you had a hundred lives re given you, one after another, you would still be dead.' Turning abruptly, lhe roeopened tile door, and left me, while I, seating myself once more upon tihe edge of the bunk, leaned my head upon my hands, and pondered over the strngeowords I had just heard. Was I, then, in such great danger constantly 7 Was tieo llndoo Ilajah so powerful that his Influ ence extended into foreign lands, threatening people's lives Ball I The idea was preposte. rous. iAnd yet, how had Simrha known so much of my affairs? How was he to know that I was in any way coneooted with tle affairs of Reuben Cogawell? Nay, more I How had le becomo possessed of his intimate knowledge re.arding thle circumstances which hald hastened my departure for tho East, There was only one answer to the many ques. tions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that the agents of the Itsaqh were upon overy hand, watchful, subtle--ayeo, and flatal too. But whly had he warned me? Why lhad lhe selected sne out of the chlos of IIlndoo hatred to be watched over and fnlally saved as lhe had hill. r sltcd7 We1as it only to load me into greater dangers ? Was it part of the Ireachery to which ihe referred? or did there exist some motive of whlich 1 had no conception for Islas friendliness to. wards me ? Alas I there was no answer to that I ' Stop' I exclaimned, hurriedly. 'I will go on deck and find hiem, question him further, aind force him to tell men moreo. Wrlthouti thinelling twice, 1 left the stateroom for tlhe deck, onl reaching which, isowever, not a sign of Simrhla could be soon anywhere naong tihe paesseaogrs, althlouglh I walkeJ b.icek and forth, eagerly loolkig fhor him. At last, feeling that to con lnuo lily search unn. oaled wouoll bo fruillias, I Ipkes to the chief o clleor, ladex cIlained to hlhmly wics to find Illy ' c, ys ,' Ie saeil, 'Irccn ,,eor hit perfectly ca etrLangsc.lcokng fallow, with big black ye... .c ie Ict Ilcialt-cih I lc tolIhc'(sso. 11o syIko to IUe here oll deckc los icaet all cL hi: g'II. lost 11cchi -elel 11?,11, hto I ssclchsee n ccencerdsIhltp. I willi Callig tei lplrsuer to hia nid, we toree resmled the lrh, but after ocup.ying C an horle in frIUI lesI en1deavolrs to inlld him, we met ,gall. I'lto ellc ln't ihlcl ceti cllp very wcell, ueciless ho went , rt?hemr!,' csli thn oll , r, 'i ani hl co? eu notl v'ly c 115 Ilcd tlht inl dylght w'vlthlct illy heetr lcg of It, Thi thing iI vesry pe li:er, and 1I IIll li· 111h1 if i Iare to ranaeck iheo ship from asie it' It wis h tlr sli erlg', every o1e of the1 lpass ellll e i hat pcc t o thnvcl l , | la hic g e oe1s p('lhed tn psss Iin rIv',w hefore usI Wel w,'n1t d Oll I1nlto UIselu d, whero elee vwacy s nsee riitt iii-1csn iv '. I'We 1iceiceI i.llC5 Ih lclctcker-en i11cichoe lceric-rcmlecc. tl raptei unt ia, Icceciol If thce ehip schtc-o a ec istli elncc by cy i clcpllii l l cly har eesecreed Imslelecil ese ll 1 1?Ic-sle d d appecacl ed, '!e1ilce e e llce ilil l 11 c-ce runc ged aIlc ic llicle]?l eve tlni al lct Ills Ies i sltc ccec I m l eh e h ilt cl che eIlcll-i w(iI IItic, nlctll sicy ccilc Inceeec t iai1ee .sile 'lis e necte hsvc , ieee I vclibi c , ulc -caid t1ec Ichh i Alller t IieIII IIhI Ilie a Nc' cu h , a call l i d for I cc 11111 p, l lv lllec t hl e nci I cI cthcAcl I'ccIe A'lec i ccchlic 'c t Ic anIl c lthcucllh I culc n ?, h i. i AIheve thal he -ceeI',sll cclesltcllccc chin hilmseclf Into I thlccc n, I c olrhide I thls-c ic ce tel pll- ii h to ee i'c,,-: Ii s e11e 11e l ie1i ic1 1 i cll c eI tcw tlle c ell i' cIh d i I c 1111 1 1' 11 ()1n t111h f,,ll,,?tllil{ 11,)t gll'y ( 'Ir Iai st of ? se 911 11111,? li 11 cci-ll cl- 11 e e l clc111c111 1 c cchi e11111 )i 1 ti )eollc ellc I ee l cc0 1 ellltl l, p ell el-esllll lIce 111 c cli I c-IIU!IIei mIIy eIl r cc1 11 (1111 Ieii. ths?I s el ls ile e i-ech'l e-si-ce l ec ,'Ft I ll oficerr, sand 1 hare asked him to repent it to you. if, after you have heard it, you would like to have tihe ship guno over ogonti, it shall be dtone, although 1 thinkl it useless; and ttle stoward's story nothsing bit inmasghitio.' "' Let use hear it " L said:"' Iiesaid ilirt i'af an hour Wbefro ie was pot Itjg Away, sim glasse iln their proper places, Lid had occasion to stop;into a back pantry, whero heo kept several kindsof dainty foeed, e i. Ito oi;nodl tile door suidlenly, and ausfrightoined nlearly out of Ilis wits tyIthoe sigt that met Ilis gzo. , .Standing at the fartherond of the pantry, with a glass of nwio at'his lips, was the figuro of my sinduoo servant iunrha. Tile toneardo iuleoly.recovered his wits, how ever, and crying, 'Alln, 1 havoe cught you, htave 1 ' sprang towards him witls arms outstretched. But be hiad nlot taken the second step before he came to asuddel stop,for thke East Indlla was no longer there. Ile Ihad disappeared btfore thle stoward's eyes, and at the further end of a little closat-litk room, from whlch thero was absolutely no means of escape, except by passing through tile door behind the indignant steward. Tihe man rubbod hli eyes, thinking that some thilng blurre hlis vision, but thile IIdoo i had van ished like thisitmo of a lamp when quicklSnolllsied oout. 'Tlhon cone loolr satisied hihn thitIhe o s lot Shi sIrt o:;d. Tho?oughl?frilgtened, he turned ad fled from tlse ptl ., couviced Ithat le had soon a Sghost, and g?ing straight to the chief oillecr, ha had told the story which itl turn was related to me. SAll imagination, 1 say,' ejaculated tile olctier ' uot all til some, M. Mr.orton (that was tile name I had caused to ba entered in tLe ptssaengr list for mine) we will mnak another search if you say i so.' 'Lot us go ilto pantry,' 1 replied. 'II? d Sisnhr indesed been thore engaged in drinkiug a mno, there will bksome evidences of hIis proesence there, surely.' We went togather to the stoward's pantry, and there, upon tile little table at the further enld wats a half.empty bottleoof claret and a glass, both of Swhich tile steward took his oath were not there whenl he had gone out of tilhe place a couple of hIslors before, encountering in Ilis way what ho now thorouglly believed to be the phantoul of Sunrhla. SGhosts don't driukt wine and cat biscuits,' said the chief offier, ' and here are crumbs which show that somebody has been ongaged in eating. WYhat say you, Mr. Merton l' 1 did not know what to say, feoeling as thoughll was surrounded by nneanny shalpes and inex" plicablo ceoots.-which somehow influenced me strangely. 'Lot us mako another search,' said 1, after a pause. Tils time it was made with even more the. roughness than it had been before, tile difer ect parts of tile vessel obeing examined simulta. neously. . Tie result, however, was the same as before, as after two hours hasd been consumed io the fruit. less search for tilhe Ilindoo, tilero chief oflicer sought me out agitin. ' t is useless,'he said ; ' the fellow is not aboard this ship-1 am certain of that.' Iltow, then, do you account for the sitward's L story l11 asked. ' Superstiton and imsgination,'ho replied; and ihe turned away to attend to his duties. When 1 went down to my tste-room it was with mingled feelings of superstitious dread and sceptical doubt in my mind. 1 could not shako off the feeling that Simrha was somewhere aboard the vessel, and caughlt myself looking earnestly into darle corners and obscure places, half erpect ing to see him silently and complacently regarding me with that peculiarly satisfied smile of mingled indulgence, triumph, and frieondliness upon Ills swarthy face. 1 even went so far as to pull aside tile curtains and peer under my bunk, as though expecting to see his gleaming and kindly eyes looking at nlo from among the life-preservers. Thus the time wore away. Twice the steward reported that articles were missing from his pall. try, but tile chltf oeileor charged the fact to the man's superstitions terror, saying selltenlltisly, 'now that Clark had seen one ghost Ihe would be troubled writ them all his lifoe.' We moade port at Liverpool soon after daylight in the morning, and I had requested to be notified at tile earliest rlasunmt when I could go ashore, and acordingly 1 was aroused by a loud rap on myy door just as darkness was floeing beforo the ad. vance of tile sun. 1 arose and rubbed my eoyes preparatory to dres. sing. . WYas it fancy, or was there something pinlned to my coat, whore it lhung on its hook against tile bulkhead ? It was no fancy, but fact, and 1 seized tile frag. ment of paper with trembling Iandsl, and as 1 read a straoge, creoping nensation tingled through ilmy nervous system. There was as otleonce of the presenceo of Sim. rth, for there could ba no doubt that it was he who Intended to actas tihe mysterious felond who was to give in timely warningof any npproaclhng dolllrFI . , Tha note ws Tsrlton io tohe lfindustanli lang age, lnd was a? oltoos: 'lo not stop? loindon. ( ., mslluediatojy to .. .. t lssac n0.. -.. w.l..a. L'. L..... Wl, you realcho ?sais you eilllocr frkm N(irha again.' I heitatlled., N', wans tih,'limn f1r inn Ai0 decidl whetier or n 0t I shonld follow toh aslvoo tlnis glum I^m, for if flollowedl it atl l, It must he to dIn no Inpli n illy in blind cullildnl co and ?h dsoner. Ilow hido tihe not bo et ptllcd in nill roon0 while I- hlpt? W,\, Simllo resally aliveo and aboardl thile slip ? If so, he ,elst il.]IndI ih eleit to sleceossfltlly evade thIl inlU's who had srdl.l vl foro him no diligently througnll every f tit ofl the vushed. It wane creltliIhat I contld lot Avotll him. llWhy, then, nttempt it ? It he woron odeo'ed al y frienns, I at tlat my Inialoosn wou,,ld, sueed if mly , nooty, it woltlll flol any way, for couht nlot esnlape thlo o[range snllll. ' I1l l ollo oboyI I 'il l I ai n ou n I l sd th ou I .rolng plo.lled l ool s ont ills tl ) o: 'ill t 111hnlo lnllo )'nln oyo ' \holso n? lonol tl; os 1 1000, 1 ' lne a O oldIh A rrllfloo on too l artlo' I' d l IIo tha t 0 I was i110 o '1ioi' o Iloo1 rh*o[lothoholl o --ot 0 O0 loIo XIt lIntsals'lIodo I or Ilno I 'lli g Inro ltIood.' |t.' trtiltot wOvos e pl,'OtO i d o ino th0 , 0 o101 00,,0 t hnla n, illI I lit tO ', nilp wiithi o t dto hlos, in:oloing my wayo l0a ilhilly ol I i 00hl tI 0I.v0 l', 0mi0 tho n,,1 00 ,0000 thlooe lo- iol d l I rklvld to IIIIIohIo1 oio tlho l[Ollllt ,)ii, l+lrontlh I ·'n I0t 0t0,IY0 y o lr oll-' tt llnd hn saIo'Io l my 1o1oooo i slo O ptl ibrotono loolotoe l o tolo Ialatht l, + i nl e h ( h ,[11, I giI Iht whai,,11 I h1:1,1 ,,11111 ,ihte111 nl.+ )III'+(~/ It h -i,],,ll 1 ,i \ h ['ll a m111111,1 11111d I'Ilh o1' O 'lhthholohto ? I0 01 h At0 noilo o vol J I d min llle 1 'IIs tt, hu IIn i il. Ioot1111 11 1111 tI1 lr III I 'ni t ooi n h1 a sr eao0 th1oo oo o'oooooio 'loot ooo tooa nt eoooll oof1(oollo 000000. 00 0 ootlr d oys i oaoed oo th way, o I o Ioi de lho , too tokll loly doloinotltlno onl ihoo I noio ll o 11l (o hoo Alth. /ki -0 [T00 000 0'.oo o.. 