NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Pugilism. Comic opera. Deputations. Fire in a hotel. "Table Talk." Riots in China. "Wheat scarcity. Quebec scandals. Women's suffrage. Famine in Russia. Carpenters' strike. European outlook. A missing butcher. Congregationalism. Germans in Africa. "The Gondoliers." Collision in Greece. Cricket in England. America's champion. Ambitious amateurs. Port Musical Society. Evading the Customs. "Hans the Boatman." Hunt Club nomination. A charge of wife murder. A ball at Glenelg shortly. Prepare for the Russians. "Under the Speaker's Eye." "Fair Melusina" at the Port. The cricket season is upon us. Balmaceda has "cut his stick." Ironmasters and their employes. Payment of members in Canada. Criminal law of South Australia. Last week of the Musical Ghost. Schoolmaster charged with murder. "Dem little kiddies" are back again. Carriage of liquor by mail contractors. Mr. Justice Bundey lectured the Natives. Waste of good liquor by fire at a Port hotel. Zalewski's expedition in Africa annihilated. The Port Adelaide courthouse being reno- vated. Sullivan to-night, Gilbert and Sullivan to- morrow. The oldest Congregational minister in Eng- land is dead. Get your horses entered for Hunt Club Races before 4 p.m. Ex-President Grevy's remains to be accorded a State funeral. The Port Musical Society give their eighth concert to-night. Tarrawingie is being connected with Broken Hill by telegraph. Mr. John Roberts, the billiard champion, is visiting Broken Hill. A Sydney butcher named John Rennie has mysteriously disappeared. The Carthage is expected to arrive at Largs Bay at daylight on Thursday. There are eight questions on the Assembly notice-paper for this afternoon. "Battery" wants our footballers and cricketers to be prepared for war. Melbourne express late this morning. Delay of 50 minutes on the Victorian side. The Treasurer and :the Minister of Educa- tion are both suffering from influenza. Mr. Tomkinson has some remarks to make on the Blockholders Loan Bill this afternoon. The Royal Comic Opera Company will open in the "Gondoliers" at the Theatre to- morrow, night. A brother of Tom Busst, the well-known cyclist, attempted, to commit suicide on Thurs- day last. Mr. F. W. Holder, M.P., was presented with another testimonial from the Burra Wesleyans yesterday. Influenza is very prevalent in Melbourne just now, and several deaths are reported in the city and country. The Nationalists stoutly declare that Mr. Parnell's marriage has done him everywhere more harm than good. "Experience has led me to respect juries and place confidence in their verdicts in criminal cases."—Judge Bundey. Mr. Arthur Boult has resigned the con- ductorship of St. Peter's Cathedral choir, being about to leave the. colony. The Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. W. L. Ware) in- tends to hold a ball in the Glenelg Town Hall on Friday, September 25. In London financial circles it is considered beyond doubt that the New South Wales loan will prove a great success. Weather forecast for to-day—"Weather unsettled, cloudy, showery, and variable, with south and south-easterly winds." Mr. T. J. Jessop, the hon. conductor of the Y.M.C.A. Musical Society, is forming an orchestra in connection with that body. Mr. W. Russell does not think that rain clouds must essentially be about in order to cause rain by the explosion of dynamite. To-morrow the Hon. J. L. Parsons will take the preliminary steps towards securing the appointment of an official "Hansard" staff. Amongst those who lost their lives by the terrible disaster which befell the steamer Gambier a few days ago were the wife and two children of Mr. Baker, of Broken Hill. A satisfactory arrangement has been arrived at between the Railway Commissioners and Mr. Broad, the owner of the cattle which were killed in the recent railway accident at Farina. Pastor Daniel Allen, whose name was so well known throughout the colonies in connection with the Particular Baptist Church and the temperance movement, died yesterday, aged 67. A petition asking Parliament to allow the Tarrawingie Tramway Company to carry passengers, and goods for the public con- venience is being numerously signed at Broken Hill. A very large specimen of the native iguana was recently brought down from the Peake by Inspector Besley, writes the Port Augusta Dis- patch. It measures about 5 ft. from tip of nose to end of tail, and is all round proportionately large. At the end of a concert given on board the City of New York last month, the captain (writes a correspondent) announced that "God Save the Queen" and the "Star Spangled Banner" would be sung. "God Save the Queen" was given with great energy, but not a single American present knew the words or the tune of the "Star Spangled Banner." Mr. Caldwell will ask this afternoon—" Is it the intention" of the Government of this colony to intimate to the Home Government that the practice which has hitherto^ obtained in conferring honors of limited application to her Majesty's subjects in the Australian colo- nies does not meet with the approval of her Majesty's loyal subjects in these colonies?" There is at Paris a regular guild or trade union of "examiners of eggs," who earn their livelihood by giving opinions in the various markets of the metropolis as to whether the eggs offered for sale are either good or bad. And although they are necessarily limited to a mere outward inspection of the egg they never make an error or mistake a stale for a fresh one. The heaviest hammers in the world are in Krupp's factory at Essen, and in the foundry of the Cleveland City Forge and Iron Company of America. The latter establishment possesses a trip hammer, familiarly known by the work men as " Tom Coe," which can descend on an object with a force equal to 3,000 tons, and has a capacity for forging a piece of iron weighing 150 tons. Mrs. Sisby, an aged woman, residing at Lan- caster, Wisconsin, made a confession on her death-bed that she murdered her son's wife nine years ago. The son was arrested, but was never brought up for trial. The crime was the result of a quarrel between the two women. The son was aware of his mother's guilt, but shielded her by remaining silent, although he refused to live with her. If the brightness of a star when seen with the eye alone be taken as 1, it will when looked at through a two-inch telescope appear 100 times as bright; through a four-inch telescope it will seem to be 400 times brighter; through an eight-inch instrument 1,600 times; through a sixteen-inch apparatus, 6,400 times; and through a thirty-two-inch telescope its original brightness will be magnified 32,400 times. When the Princess Christian visited the Royal School of Art Needlework in London recently the members made her some silver wedding presentations, which included a Bible and prayerbook (copied from a Bible presented to Queen Elizabeth) in embroidered crimson and-vellum ; also a silk quilt embroidered with a white satin shield in the centre, with mono- gram and crown on a buttercup-satin ground. A group of six Washington women meet once a month and in full dress toilets partake of dinners at the home of one of the number, after which those called upon by the hostess must rise and talk at least five minutes upon some topic of interest or respond to a toast. No preparation is allowed, the object intended being the cultivation of the art of impromptu and graceful speaking in response, contro- versy, or acknowledgment. 