Rowing and Sailing Notes. /Our cablegram from London, March 5, says: W. O'Connor, the Canadian sculler, has is8ued a chal lenge to the world for a race for Í83O0O a-Bide. Oar oablegram from London, March 8, says : Thé daily practice allowa that tho Cambridge University crew ia improving vastly. In a trial yesterday the Light Bluea beat the time of the Oxford orow at all tho pointa up to Chiswick. A ead aooident occurred at the Port Fairy regatta (Vic.) on March 6. Mr.. George Best, the seoretary to the regatta committee, in company with another young man named Bruce, after preparing a boat to take part in the sailing dingey raoo, were pro ceeding to tho starting-point, when a sudden chango of wind Btruck the boat, whioh capsized, and sank her in about 12ft of water. Both men struok out for the shore, whioh was only a few yards away j but Bruce was almost exhausted when rescued, and it was only after strenuous exertions that he was brought round. Mr. BoBt appears to have beoome entangled in the rigging of the boat, as he disappeared, and it was 20min be fore his body waa recovered. The doctors present, and others, worked for nearly three hours trying to resositato him, but without avail. Mr. Best waa a comparatively young maUj and leaves a wife and three or four ohildren. It ia a singular coincidence that his father was drowned almost at the same spot 35 years ago. The North Shore Bowing Club had a handioap Bkiff raoo on Saturday afternoon. for whioh the following membors were entered :-No. 1, Btart at 2.45 : A. Berckelman, Ssoo i A. M'Donald, 6seo ; A. Thompson, lOaeo; G. Crawley, 15aeo. No. 2, start 3.15: J. F. Connolly, soraton; C. Thompson, 33eoj D, Fell, 13sec; T. Abbott, 20aeo. No. 3, start at 3.45: L. Quist, Saeo; F. Moore, 8aco; W. Woods, lOseo ; B. Johnson, 20soo. No. 4, start at 4.15 : John Thomp son, Boratoh; F. Binney, Gsoo; C. Coggins, 13seo; J. Elliott, 25aeo. The prize waa a trophy presented hy the' hon. sec, Mr. V. Horniman, and Mr. Holmes acted as starter and umpire, and Mr. A. Jordan judge. The Possum waa tho club steamer, on board of whioh there waa only a email attendance, membors very naturally preferring tho open air in their various boats. The following wore the rosults of the various heats : First, A. M'Donald, Gseo, 1 ; A. Thompson, lOaeo, 2; A. Berokleman, 3seo, 3. Second hoat: T. Abbott, 20eeo, 1; C. Thompaon, 3aeo, 2; J. T. Thompson, scratch, 3; D. Fell, 13aeo, 4. Third heat: B. Johnaon, 20seo, 1; L. Quiit, 3aeo, 2; F. Moore, 8seo, 3; W. Woods, lOseû, 4. Fourth heat : John Thompson, ecratch, 1 ; C. Coggin, 13aeo, 2 ; J. Elliott, 25sec, 3. Final heat : E. Johnson, 20 seo, 1 ; John Thompson, scratch, 2; A, M'Donald, Gaec, 3; T. Abbott, 20sec, 4. There waa considerable exoitemont over this raco, whioh resulted in an excel lent contoat, notwithstanding tho considerable crowd ing of boata round the finishing boats in tho final. Tho Neutral Bay Sailing Club had their third race on Saturday afternoon for Major Bennie's prize of ¿230 9s, with a club prizo of ¿84, and a Bweep stake of 5a per boat for second prizo. The conditions were limited crews, and best and best boata. The course waa from the Port Jackson Oo.'s buoy in Noutral Bay, round tho Pilo Light, leaving Clark and Shark Islande on the port side, and baok round tho Ori nb Co.'a buoy, and thence round Clark and Shark Islands to tho finishing flagboat. Tho entries and handicaps aro : Varuna, scratch ; Mulgoa, 8min; Sea Bro?zo, Omin; Xantho, Ornin ; Whaler, 11min ; Phryne, 16min ; Ethel, lGmin ; Loroloi, 20min; Happy Thought, 23min. The result in tho previous two racea was Mulgoa 7 points, Varuna 0 points, Xantho 5 points, Phryne 2_points, Happy Thought 2 points. At 3.15 the boats got away to a capital start, Xantho fir¿t aorosa tho lino, with Happy Thought, Varuna, Mulgoa, Sea Breeze, and Myee in the order named. Tho Varuna, however, Boon had the lead, with Mulgoa second acros3 to Clark Island. At Shark Island rounding the places were Varuna, Mulgoa, Sea Broeze, Xantho, Happy Thought, Myee. The finishing times at the flagboat were: Varuna, 5h 22min llsec ; Mulgoa, 5h 29min 30aec ; Sea Breeze, 5h 44min 8soc ; and Happy Thought, 5h 54min. Tho Mulgoa, thorefore, defeated the Varuna by 41seo, and having gained 12 points and thua boating tho othera m previoua conteata wins the prizo, with Varuna firat club prize and Happy Thought second. Messrs. H. W. Carey and A. L. Johnston were Btartor and umpire, and Mr. A. A. Northcote had charge of tho club Btoamor. The boats of the Port Jackson sailed their final heat for the Foy medals on Saturday afternoon. The club also gave prizes of £4, £3, £2, £1. The points hitherto gained in the first two races were as fol- lows:-Violet and Our Tom, 4 points ; Imogene, Iverna, Isadora, and Atalanta, each 3 points. The following were the entries and handicaps for the third contest: Wild Wave, 22ft (F. A. Toope), 9min; Our May, 24ft (C. Bradley), 9min ; Imogene, 22ft (H. Turner), 9min ; Iverna, 22ft (B. Toombs), 9min ; The Ghost, 24ft (A. Thomas), 8min : Massilia, 24ft (P. Roberts), 6min ; Esmeralda, 22ft (J. Sharp), 5min ; Violet, 22ft (W. Wilfrew), 4 1/2min ; Our Tom 24ft (G. Parrett), 4 1/2min; Idothea, 24ft (H. Beach), 4min; Atalanta, 22ft (J. Robinson), 3min ; Isadore, 24ft (J. Young), 3min; Mantura, 24ft (C. Webb), scratch. The Mark Foy system of starting was adopted by giving the handicaps at the start instead of at the finish. Capital starts were effected, especially by the Iverna, Imogene, Our Own, Isadore, Atalanta, and Mantura, and the boats worked the northern shore to Bradley's, whence they made for the Manly buoy. Bounding the buoy at Manly the times were: Iverna, 4h. 22min 48sec; Our Tom, 4h 23mm 33sec; Isadore, 4h 24min 28sec; Massilia, 4h 24min 51sec; Imogene, 4h. 25hmin 3sec; Atalanta, 4h 25min 46sec ; Violet, 4h 25min 51sec; Mantura, 4h 26min 28sec ; The Ghost, 4h 27min 11sec ; and Wild Wave. And on the run to Shark Island the same positions were maintained. The finishing times were : Our Tom, 5h 13min 32sec ; Isadore, 5h 15min 34sec; Massilia, 5h 13min 29sec; Mantura, 5h 14min 52sec; Ivorna, 5h 15min 21sec; Atalanta, 5h 16min 12sec. The Our Tom, therefore, wins the medals and first prize ; the other three prizes being awarded in the order named. Mr. George Hel- lings was commodore of the race, and Mr. T. L. Mul- hall was starter and umpire. The ooean yawl race, between the yachts Volunteer and Thelma, took place on Saturday after noon, over a course of about 40 miles, from the Orlando's buoy in Farm Cove down to and round a boat two miles to the eastward of Barren joey and back to tho flagboat, Fort Macquarie. The time allowanoa for ratings were : Miranda, 27 rating, J. H. Want, M.L.A., scratch ; Volunteer, 23 rating, W. P. Smairl, 4min 4soo ; and Thelma, ll rating, J. F. Hoare, 24ain 253ec. Tho conditions of the race were : To bo sailed under tho Royal Sydnoy Yacht Squadron's rulos. Each yacht to bo ricrged and sail as a yawl, and carry tho following sails only : Mainsail or trysail, mizzen-topaail, with or without a yard on tho foot and foresail, working or balloon, any jib (not jib-topsail), booming ont balloon foresail allowed. No ro3triotion as to crew, except that tho helmsman shall bo an amateur. The contest waa for a sweepstake of ¿£25 each boat. THÍH race was sailed on November 21) last, and won by tho Thelma on a foul, which, howover, Vice-commodore Hoare, of tho JR.S.Y. Squadron, refused to tako advantage of, and hence tho contest was a re-sailing of tho provions race. From some reason tho Miranda did not start on Saturday, and thora woe littlo or no wind when tho other t;vo boats carno up to the line afc 10 a.m. Tho broozo was vory light from the E.S.E. and tho Volunteer followed cloaoly on tho Thelma, the latter having a lead of 30sec. At Bradley's the Thelma had a short load, and the Volun- j teer coming first about then got a load. Chowder Bay was made from Shark Point, and from "Watsons Bay both mado tho heads, where Thelma mado a board to the South Hoad, when both vessels stood to sea, the Tholma following tho Volunteer in a jumpy seaway. The wind then freshened somewhat, and tho North Head waa cleared, the Thelma standing a litt1 o further out than tho Volunte r. Tho latter then went away with a lead, both carrying balloon foresails. From Long Reef there was a nice breeze to tho rounding boat, which was mado by tho Voluntoor at lh 48min 43soc, and the Thelma at 2h 3min. A course was at once shaped direct for tho heads, and the llagboat waa passed by the Volunteer at 3h 58min 50sec, and tho Thelma at 4h 21min, the Volunteer thus winning with 2min 39seo to spare. Mr. J. W. Ferguson was commodore of tho raco. The Johnstones Bay Sailing Club had a race on Saturday afternoon for 16-footers for a trophy pre- sented by Mrs. A. F. Mundy, with a second prize of £1 given by the club. The course was twice round Fort Denison, and the entries were Sophia (F. Doran), Sophie (T. Leach), Our Own (W. Addison), Our Boys (G. Fletcher). Our Boys capsized off Dawes Point, and the Sophia gave up the contest. The result was a very easy win for Our Own, sailed by T. Colebrook, by 4min from the Sophie, sailed by W. Cameron. The Balmain Sailing Club had a race on Saturday afternoon for all boats 20ft and over, handicapped, over 'the White Horse Point course. Tho entries and han dicaps wero : Adelphi, 24ft, M. Fitzhardingo, scratch ; Aomb, 22ft, H. Loos, 4min; and Phyllis, 20ft, E. Yeend, 4min. Tho Phyllis waa first away, followed by Adelphi and Acme, and tho Phyllis continuod to increase her lead. Tho times of rounding were : Phyllis, 4h 15min 3seo ; Adolphi, 4a 15min lOaoo ; Acme, 4h 15min 25soc. Tho finishing times were : Phyllis, Gh 17miu ; Adolphi, Gh 17rain 30aoo; Acme, Gh 18min SGsoc. Tho result was thoreforo a win for the Phyllia without her timo allowance, tho Acme being second on ber timo allowance. The Royal Sydney Yacht Club have an ocean yacht race on March 17. Tho Miranda, Volunteer, and Tholma will competo, and tho course has been fixed from a buoy off Fort Macquarie to a flagboat two miles east of Barranioey Hoad, and back to the flag boat. Tho race is for a sweepstake of ¿£75. It is to be sailed under tho rules of the Eoyal Sydney Yacht Squadron. Each yacht is to be rigged and sailed as a yawl, and is to carry the following ¡¿ails only : Main Eail or trysail, mizzen-topsail (with or without a yard on tho foot), and foresail or balloon, or any jib (not a jib topsail) ; booming out balloon foresail allowed. Tho official measurer is to preparo tho time allow ances. There is no restriction with regard to crow, except that the helmsman must be an amateur. A match in light skiffs for ¿850 a-aido was rowed on the Clarenco River at Chatsworth on March 7 between Albert Baker and Henry Fisher. Baker scaled list 71b, and Fisher 12st 81b. Tho latter, who is only 22 years of age, ia Gft 2in in height, and gives promise of being a first-class oarsman. Ho defeated Baker very easily. At the last monthly mooting of tho R.S.Y. Squad ron, Commodore A. G. Milson presided, and thero was a largo attendance of members. The question of a clubhouse was considered, and tho nooessity for having ono without delay was clearly shown. A sub committee was appointed to go fully into the matter. Tho Sydnoy Dual Swimming Club waa again to tho fore on March 4, when a great number of lady and genclemon mombers met for their weekly swim. This club has made rapid strides sinco its formation, and numbers of influential families are taking advantage of tho benefits derivable. Thero was a notable im provement in the swimming of tho ladies and children m particular; in fact, judging from appearances, thero promises to bo some first-class swimmers ema nett) informs us visitors' tickets are about to be issued, so as to give strangers and friends an oppor tunity of seeing the working of tho club. The employes of tho Australian Gaslight Co. intend holding a Handicap Double Scull Raco in olub skiffs on Saturday afternoon, tho course being from Iron Cove Bridge to Long Nose Point. The following aro the handicap? and competitors: W. Clarke and E. Walker 301b, J. Cahol and E. Cunninghame 101b; J. Johnston and C. Develin, J. Smith and W. Jenkins, D. Eollins and R. Wild, D. Feathers and H. Fitz patrick, W. and J. Murphy, feather. Great interest i s attacking to the raoo. The Sydney crew for the forthcoming Inter-Univer sity Race, to be held on the champion course on April 4, have been chosen. They are: Messrs. Cox, Sawyer, Torpey, Conlon, Scott, Thomas, R. J." Millard, and Helsham, with Messrs. Coyle and Lloyd, as emergency men. Mr. Tom Robin, tho cap tain of the University Boat Club, ia coaching the crew, who will now take np their quarters at tho Glebe Bowing Club shed. Adolaido and Melbourne will each sand representative crews. His Excellency the Governor will witness tho contest, and also pre side at the dinner, which is to take ichica after the race at St. Paul's College. Not a little surprise (says a correspondent) was ex perienoedby the good people af Si. AlbánB last week to sea a largo sailing boat ooma up to the bridge with .a oxew ol three, "who introduoad themselves as voyagers from Long Ialand. The boat was a centre board fishing boat, owned at Brooklyn, and the orew three Sydney men, who were having a weak'a outing* on the Hawkesbury and ita lower affluonta. It is said that BO large a boat has not reached so high a point on tho Macdonald for 20 years ; and when tho orew told persona at Wilson's Ferry where they had been they wera promptly told that they wore descendants in a diroot line of the celebrated Munchausen. Faofc is sometimes stranger than fiction, howerer, and aa our trio of amateur boatmen had had a bitter ex perience of the etorm of Monday, some miles lower down the river, it waa soothing to thom to know that they had thus broken the record of late years by reaching the picturesque town by water, tho wharf being over two miles below the bridge. A meeting of tho Sydney Amateur Canvas Dingoy Cl nb waa held on March 4 at Mr. Thos. Prmcli'a Albion Hotel, when the resignation of Mr. E. G. S. Forster was received, but owing to tho meagre at tendance the mooting waa further adjourned. The Mayor of Botany (Alderman Swinbourne) has presented a trophy to tho Botany Sailing Club, and a ratio to decide the ownership ha3 boen fixed to-dáy (Saturday, March 14.) The conditions are : The boats handicapped, best and beat, to start from mooringa. Tho stoamer Invincible haï boon engaged to follow the raes. Our Newcastle correspondent says : Considorablo interest ia being manifested in the sonlling oontest between tho two Hunter Uiver men, Croase and Scho field, which takes plaoe at Raymond Terrace on March 19. Tho mon aro in active training, the former hoing attended by Messenger and tho latter by M'Loan, a brother ot the champion. It ia believed tli8 winner will make a bid for tho championship ot" the world at no distant dato. A committee mooting of tho N.S.W. Rowing Aaso« elation was held at tho Exchange on Tnoaday, Mr. C. W. Schräder presiding. Mr. Holmes, hon. seoretary, notified that he was taking steps to obtain a new eight-oar boat for presentation to tho aasociation for tho noxt intercolonial contest. A lengthy discussion took placo aa to the classification of amateur oars men in connection with the recent Globe regatta. It was pointed out that the error had arisen through a misapprehension, and it waa decided to condone tho olïonco on tho preaont occaaion, but to insist that the association should be properly recognised in tho future. A quantity of routine business and corres pondence was dealt with. Tho following aro tho entries and handicapa for tho Mercantile Bowing Club Skiff Eace this (Saturday) afternoon ovor a course from Dawo3 Point round Goat Island and back to the Point, the prizo being# boat preaentod by Mr. J. Blackman, captain of tl*t dub : W. Frooman, G. M'Gill, aoratoh ; W. Martin, 12ÏOC ; N. M'Donald, A. Ramsay, G. Jenkins, 25; J. Thomson, 30 ; C. Thomson, 35 ; A. M'Gregor, 40 ; F. Drury, F. Pike, A. Williame, E. Grace, Jamoa Thom son, A. Hollingworth, C. Chandlor, G. Ruwald, 45; T. Thompaon, S. J. Daly, T. Barkell, 05; W. Eames, A. Pieroe, 75; J. Daly, J. George, A. Clarke, A. M'Konzie, SO; G. Hanchard, A. Stockley, W. Milton, 90 ; W. M'Keown, 110 ; F. Senior, 120 ; D. Fletcher, 140. M'Loan, tho champion oaraman of tho world, and Stanbury,who meeta him on the Parramatta, have both' ' arrived m Sydney, and will shortly go on to the river to prepare for their contest on April 28. Both are looking ia excellent health. Tho Oxford and Cambridge University eight-oared raoo ia expected to bo rowed on March 21. At latest advicoa the crews were :-Cambridge : Lord (Trinity Hall), bow; Noblo (Caius), Francklyn (Third Trinity), Fiaon (Corpus), L'Andale (Trinity Hall), Kerr (First Trinity), Fogg-Eliot (Trinity Hall), Rowlatt (Trinity Hall) stroke, Braddon (Trinity Hall) oox. Mr. Elin had been acting as " coach." Oxford : C. H. Hodgson (Brasonoae), bow ; 2, W. Poole (Magdalen) ; 3, R. P. P. Rowe (Magdalen) j 4, V. Nickalls (Magdalen) ; 5, F. Wilkinson (Brasenoao)j 6, H. Legge (Trinity) ; 7, W. A. L. Fletcher (Christ Church) ; C. W. Kent (Brasenose), stroke ; L.. S. Williams (Brasenoso), cox. Our cablegram from London, Maroh 10, saya: The betting on the Oiford and Cambridgo boatraoe, which takes place on the 21st instant, is 2 to 1 on Oxford. 