Intercolonail And Typhoid is prevalent in Victoria. Rule or ruin appears to be Parnells policy. Dom Bosco has 300,000 children in his 'orphanages all over the world. There were two hundred and thirty one applicants for the position of cleric of markets, Sydney. - About 30,000 sheep are said to have perched in the late bush fire in the Lis - more district in Victoria. Tke Brazilian Ministry have resigned owing to the Congress refusing to le galise their past acts. The biggest hog of which there is any record was killed in New York in 1859, and weighed 1,690 lbs. alive. Owing to prevalence of small -pox at Colombo the Victorian Board of Health has decided to proclaim it an infected port. The lost Explorer," a novel by J. P. Eogan, author of "The Irish in Australia," has reached its third edition. Toe acreage under wheat in the United States has not increased during the last ten years. It is estimated at 38,000,000. Dr. Magee, who, as Anglican Arch bishop of York, will now be Primate of England, is the first Irishman who ever held that position. The Melbourne builders .and con tractors are opposed to the formation of £100, 000 defence fund by the capital issues to fight the unionists. With regard to the failure of the South Australian loan, the Treasurer states that there is plenty of money to carry out with for the next twelve mouths, and he says that no extensive works have been authorized. At the opening of an addition to St. H Mary's Cathedral Schools on Sunday, Cardinal Moran said that during the past six years he has witnessed the opening of twenty-eight new Catholic schools in the city and suburbs. Mrs. Ayres, widow of General Ro- meyn B. Ayres, of the United States army, and Miss Hallie Vorhees, daughter of United States Senator Vorhees, Indiana, have, it is reported, become catholics. A pathetic scene was witnessed lately Paris, the arrest of a man for steeling five cents' worth of cakes, who fourteen medals, crosses and other operations, all given him for gallantry the field of battle. the New South Wales Government to invite tenders for the rnanu- of 175,000 tons of steel rails colony. They must be made colonial minerals aud fuel and cost more than the imported The sugar exported from Queensland from 20th June to 30th January last j amounted to 38,951 tons. The estimated population of New Zealand at the close of last year was 630;781. The profits of the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank during the last half- year were 1,800,000 dollars. The King and Queen of Italy have accepted the German Emperor's invita tion to be godfather and godmother to his newly-born son. " Dead men's gold" in the Pall Mall Budget throws some light on the immense fortunes amassed by English traders and money lenders. Archbishop Corrigan ,New York, has been, we believe, the first American bishop to announce the annual collec tion for the anti-slavery crusade, in ac cordance with the recent Papal Ency clical on that subject. Commander Reiter, the naval officer who stood by and let General Bar- rundia be murdered on board an American ship, without ' offering to prevent or resent the outrage, has been deprived of his command and officially reprimanded. Minister Mizner, who, sanctioned the crime, has been removed. There are now no fewer than ten lines of railway in course of construc tion in Mayo, Galway, Donegal, Kerry, Clare, and Cork, all particularly at the expense of the State, while' in the unions of Galway, Mayo, and Donegal relief works of a lighter description have been opened, upon which several thousand of the poorest classes are now employed. Twenty-two States and Territories of fifty-two, nearly one-half of the United States, were first colonised and settled by Catholics, and their history, if fairly written, must go back to Catholic founders. How, then can Catholics be regarded as strangers in that land ? History written to favour the self conceit and fallacies of a few and to pander to prejudice may try to ignore these Catholics founders and bury them in oblivion. During the past autumn the High land Land Court took evidence in 419 cases on Lady Matheson's estate at Lewis, where the agitation was started twenty years ago. On Monday the last batch of decisions occurred, the result being an average reduction of thirty-two per cent, on the crofters' rents. There was a sum of £6,200 due for arrears of rent, of which seventy -seven per cent, has been can celled, the amount wiped out being £4807. An atrocious murder has been com mitted at the village of Merlemont, near Berck- sur-Mer, tie victim being an old lady aged eighty-nine years, the mother of the Cure. The crime was committed while the latter was absent saying Mass at the village church. After taking the woman's life, the murderers threw her body on the fire, where it was afterwards found with the head half charred. Robbery was the motive of the crime, and it is believed that the police are on the track of the criminals. It would be a happy settlement of many trade disputes if the example of the Cork seamen and firemen were more extensively followed. The Cork Steam Packet Company, refusing to 'concede the men's demands, the latter struck. The company sent sixty of them to gaol for leaving their work without notice. The men have now retaliated by chartering two steamers, by which all the cattle dealers have promised to send their goods to Eng land. That is the way to defeat Capitalism by its own weapons. A distressing incident occurred at Leeds on Thursday night. An enter tainment was given at a school in the suburb of Worthley. A number of girls were dressed up in cotton wool and each carried a Chinese lantern in her hand. Just before the time for commencement a lantern caught fire. The girls clustered round to see what was the matter and their dresses caught fire. Fifteen girls were serious ly burnt. A fire brigade tender, which was on the spot, conveyed them to the infirmary, where there injuries were attended to. It is feareel that some will not recover. Lord Dunraven says he is unalteiv ' ably opposed to the conditions of the' deed of gift of the America's Cup, and therefore lie will not enter his yacht, for an international race. So long as; he sticks to this resolution Lord Dun-: raven will not be in danger of being beaten. The greatest electric railroad which has been planned is the one proposed in Russia, between St.. Petersburg and Archangel, a ; distance of 500 miles. The plan is to erect stations along the route for the generation of electricty. The estimated cost is about 15,000dols; a mile. The Inspector-General of New South Wales Police in hie annual report states that the arrests last year for all offences totalled 19,732 being an apparent increase of 763 over 1889, and he adds; that less evil' would result were public- houses permitted to be opened during certain hours on Sunday. In. Paris the tram-cars are now need: ; as travelling post offices. Each ve- hicle is fitted with a letter-box, into j which any one-— whether a passenger or j not— may drop missives, that are collected duly at the end of the journey by post-office employees and distributed by! the next delivery. ! A destructive earthquake occurred in! Java in December. The town of Joana was the worst . sufferer, the Chinese, " quarter being wrecked, and the European portion rendered uninhabitable. Twelve of the inhabitants were killed and seven-' teen injured.All the west and middle of Java v. as more or less affected by the disturbance. Until quite lately, Captian Pluskow, of the first Regiment of : guards, had been Considered the biggest man- in the German Army, says an exchange. He! measured over eighty inches in height. But a short time since, a young Rhine- lander joined the first Regiment of Foot Guards as a "one year's volunteer", who attains the colossal height of over 7ft.4in. It is stated that the telephone between London and Paris will now soon be completed. The land wires have nearly all been fixed, and the sub marine cable will be laid about the middle of the present month, if a' favourable day can bo obtained. About seven hours will probably suffice, for putting down the eable. Tho Post; office authorities anticipate a large, telephonic business with Paris. \ One of the. results of compulsory : education in. England is that tho crows are having it all their own way in North Norfolk in un roofing ricks and doing other mischief, and the fault is laid at the door of the School Board, which has madi? it, jve are told, " very difficult nowadays to get a boy for crow keeping." Mechanical wind-turned clappers have been tried, and some one has invented a " clock- working crow-keeper." It is in the figure of a man, carved in thin wood, who raises to the shoulders and fires a gun. But Norfolk crows are sharp enough to see through the wind-turned clapper : and they have even got to know the difference between shot and blank cartridges. The School Board seems to be educating the crows. There is an end of all romance about hidden ocean depths. The whole ocean is now mapped out for us. The report of the expedition sent out from London for the purpose of ocean surveys has recently published. Nearly four years were given to the examination of the currents and the floors of the four great oceans. The Atlantic, we are told, if drained, would be a vast plain with a mountain raDge in the middle running north arid south. Another range crosses it from Newfoundland to Ireland, on the top of which lies the submarine cable. The ocean is thus divided into three great basins, no longer "unfathomed depths." Tho tops of these sea mountains are two miles below a sailing-ship, and the basins, according to Recluse, almost five miles. These mountains are whitened for thousands of miles by a tiny creamy species of shell, lying as thickly on their sides as frost crystals on a snow bank. The deepest parts are red in colour, heaped with volcanic masses. Through the black, motionless waters of these abysses move gigantic abnormal crea tures never seen in upper currents. A peasant revolt has occurred at Monte Maggiore, Sicily, on the estate of Prince " La Tribuna." The agri cultural labourers on his estate, owing to their impoverished condition, banded together and ravaged the country, de-' vastating farms an and carrying off. provi sions. The gendarmes had great diffi culty in putting an end to the dis turbances. In an autograph letter to President Carnot, of the French Republic, the Pope says that his sympathy for the bereaved Empress of Austria creates for her the first claim on the Golden Rose in hie fatherly heart. Yet lie adds that if Providence spares him another year lie win not fian to recog nize the admirable Christian qualities of Madame Carnot. The first number of the Pilot for 1891 contains a portrait and biographical sketch of Patrick Donahoe, its founder, i who has just assumed control of it, and other interesting and valuable articles. The paper has been enlarged | so as to give about a page additional of reading matter." Mr. Donalioe has our congratulations on re-entering his old field. The Servian Government is begin ning to experience the inconvenience of dealing with a free Parliament which is mostly composed of peasants. These honorable members, being very frugal in. their own disbursements, have been shocked by the high, figures entered for Civil Service salaries and military expenditure, and they have been cutting down the Estimates in such a manner that the Finance Minister declares he cannot consent, to the proposed retrenchments. , The Budget Committee has been guided in all this by M. Stanojevitch, the new leader of the Extreme Radicals, who seems to have discovered that economy is the best cry which he can raise to win adherents. The reductions which the rustic economists. demand already amount to 2,000,000f., and if the Com mittee continue to hold out against any compromise, as it is now doing, there must be a Cabinet crisis. The Times is at it again. Its last attempt at felon-setting has been to imply that William O'Brien had sympathies with dynamite. The way it put the cowardly insinuation is characteristic. Mr. O'Brien writes for Patrick Ford's paper, and Partiek Ford has reaffirmed his faith in the .gospel of ctynamite. Now, this is the atrocious lie. William O'Brien never wrote a line for Patiick Ford but an article of his contributed to the A New York Herald was copied by Ford as it might have been copied in Print ing House Square. Mr. O'Brien is as much opposed to the methods of dyna mite as he is to the employment of forgers, the under-hand stabbing of a nation's reputation, and the hysterical repetition of Satanic falsehoods. Surely Pigott's ghost ought not to have been laid so soon nor the declen sion in the dividends to the Times shareholders so readily forgotten. But some offenders are incorrigible. They can no more be cleared from the inborn instinct of sin than the blackamoor can be washed white. In a book by the Deputy Mermeix, entitled "les Coulisses dc Boulangisme," which has just been brought out at Paris, we find at page 153 an interest ing story about , the devotion of a country priest. During the war in 1870 the inhabitants of a village of the Ardennes received a Prussian battalion with discharges of fire-arms and killed two or three of the enemy's soldiers. They then blockaded them selves in the church. The Prussian commandant demanded fifty prisoners to be handed over to him for execution, in reprisal for the loss of his men. The victims were drawn by lot, and amongst them was one brave peasant with five sons. Seeing this the cure said, " My children, God forbids sui cide, but he does not forbid sacrifice," and he offered his own life, which was comparatively useless, in exchange for that father of the family. He was shot. That is the narrative, pretty and heroic, and possibly true; that cure's name should be perpetuated in hon our. He deserves fifty statues for Garibaldi's one. A Queensland aboriginal called Kingsmill is now reckoned the best short distance runner in Australia. The "Flaneur" in Sydney "Free man's Journal" declares that the new Governor of New South Wales arrived on the 17th January, "amidst a per fect furore oi silence." The Commander in Chief of the Indian station, Admiral Sir Bryan Robin son, is a member of the famous family which has given colonial rulers like Sir Hercules and Sir William of the same name. These three brothers, all Meath men, ate the sons of Rear- Admiral Her cules Robinson, who was widely known as a sailor and as an author about forty years ago. It is cabled that Joseph Cowen, of Newcastle, is about to re-enter the House of Commons. The editor of the Newcastle "Chronicle," a powerful ' journal, did good work for the Irish cause when Home Rule was considered a myth, and nothing more. He wasre- garded as the coming man of the Liberal party until until he approved of the Tories support of Russia against Turkey. The new explosive, ecrasite, is the invention of two engineers named Sierch and Kubin. Its power is to dynamite as 100 to 70 and it can be carried from place to place with great safety. It is hot smokeless hut emits a thick, black smoke, and the detonating noise is louder than that of gunpowder but shorter, sharper, and clearer. It can be used for rifle cartridges, or as priming for cannon, and a bombshell loaded with it explodes with terrific force. Birds are, ordinarily, exceedingly long lived. The swan, it is ascertained by means of unquestionable records, has been known to exist over 300 years. A sea-eagle, captured in 1715, then already several years of age, died 104 years afterwards, in 1819 ; a white headed vulture, captured .in 1703, died in. 1826 in one of the aviaries of Schoenbrun castle near Vienna, having passed 118 years in captivity. Numer ous ravens and paroquets have , been known to live 100 years and over. As. with most birds, magpies, live many yearsin a state of freedom ,but do not reach over twenty or twenty-five in captivity. Caged/ canary birds live from twelve to fifteen years; but those flying at liberty, in their native land reach a far more advanced age. A great lion - Catholic medical authority, St. Clair Thompson, M.D., writes in the Westminster Review of the dangers of hypnotism. These, he says, are numerous and far-reaching. The only people who can be hypnotized are neurotics. .... that is, people of unstable equilibrium, and frail, nervous organization. " I must leave it," he continues, "to the psychologist and moralist to decide whether it ever can be right that a conscious being is made to act blindly in accordance with the will of another." And he says in con clusion that those with whom moral considerations have weight will not use it at all. Hypnotism is only a re vival of the old craze of animal mag netism, which has been distinctly con demned by the Catholic Church. In his pronouncement on hypnotism, Dr. St. Clair Thompson is in accord with sounds catholic principles The law which has been hung up for eight years by the Senate, to pre vent capricious or unjust dismissal of workmen, was promulgated this day iu the " Journal Official." It was originally prepared soon after a banquet given in honor of the Gambetta by the minor servants of the railway j companies of France, he having when . Prime Minister decided that an engine ' driver who had saved a train at the \ risk of his, own life should be given the Cross of the Legion of Honour. The Senate thought the Bill drawn up ' under the inspiration of Gambetta, and carried through the Chamber, a far too. Radical measure ; but strikes have been so frequent in France and other countries as to alarm Moderates ' and Conservatives. The law secures correlative advantages to employers and employed. If masters cannot hastily dismiss workmen, the latter cannot leave off work without giving as long a notice as might be required were an employer wanting to dismiss them. 