An Australian Lady ON HEB TRAVELS. UTTOXETBR. From London to Uttoxeter, in Staffordshire, is a pleasant journey of abont 140 miles by rail, nothing to Australians, but an immense distance to the rural English mi d, many of the people having lived in their own county all their lives, and thinking of a trip to London as a daring deed far too f nil of peril and danger for them to attempt. The country all along the line was very lovely, and most refreshingly green, though the fields were yellow with the over ripe corn tied into " stooks " and trying to get dry, a difficult matter with so much rain and so little sun. The farmers complain bitterly and say they see ruin before them with such an unusDal souEon, but that is a little way the farmers have even at the other side of the world, and yet I never heard of an insolvent farmer in all my life. This is a queer little old town, famous for ita market, its china-Minion's, Spore's, Wedgwood's, &o;, being quite near-its beer (AUsopp's), and for having been the birthplace of Mary Howitt. Besides these, Samuel Bentley, the Uttoxeter poet, was born and lived here, " The River Dove " being perhaps one of his best known efforts. When he WBB 75 years of age he was etrnck blind by a flash of lightning, and on his 77th birthday wrote a poem on the subjeot, in which he alludes to his calamity and inability now to read or see again. One vorse rather amused me I now no more must join in festive dance, Or with, agility again must spring; Nor with light steps through lengthened ranks advance, Nor hand conjoined with hand lead round the ring. I wonder how much longer Mr. Bentley would have oontinned to "load round the ring," if he had not been prevented by blindness from joining in the giddy dance. Mary Howitt's ÍB a pretty old-fashioned little place with a lovely garden. She is now living in Switzerland, though she has not written muoh ot late years. It waB her son. Alfred Howitt, who was manager of the relief party sent out by the Royal Society of Victoria to discover Burke and Willa, and who brought back King, the only survivor. Another son, Herbert, waa drowned in Lake Brunner, New Zealand. In the market-place is a MONUMENT TO DB. JOHNSON, the story being that he as a boy disobeyed hiß father, and as an act of penance he stood on that spot bare headed, with the rain beating down on him, for two hours-this was 50 years after his act of disobedience. Rather late in the day. but the sin had evidently preyed on his mind. His father it appears was a bookseller, and was in the habit of attending Uttoxeter market with a stall of booka, and on thia occasion had desired "Samuel" to take charge of them, as he himself was ill in bed. This Samuel refused to do from a feeling of pride ; hence his bitter repentance and subsequent act of pnblio penance. The old Church of St. Mary'B is situated near the market-place. It ia supposed to have been built originally about 1272, but the spire and tower alone remain oí the original edifice, both in the decorative style, and very handsome specimens of that architecture. The churoh waa rebnilt in 1828. There ÍB a fine reredos over the altar, built of Derby ßhire marble and alabaster. We also notioed a very auoient-looking monument to a member of the Stanley family, who is represented in effigy, dress°d I like an abbess, with crossed hands and rosary com plete. Her lega have been half-sawn off, however, evidently to enable her to fit into the corner where j ehe is reposing. In olden days this poor lady was driven away by tome of the church's enemies from Tutbnry Abbey, and, making for Uttoxeter, was loßt1 in the woods at nightfall, when, hearing the onrfew boll, she was guided by the sound and arrived safely at the town. To show her gratitude she-when she departed from Uttoxeter eventually-left A BELL TULL OP MONEY, and made the request that the bell should be per petually rang. This custom was actually kept up till 1881, three tangs for the lady abbess btàng given before the curfew bell was rung night and morning. It is told that on one oooasion a certain sexton who omitted the tangs was horrified at beh liding the abbess-or rather her ghost-who, after fixing a look fnll of menaoe at the affrighted delinquent, ascended the bell rope and vanished. Talking of the curfew bell, this is one of the f«m towns in England where it is still rung, though why tho oustom is kept np we could not discover. Cer tainly the inhabitants do not " oover the embers and pnt oat the light " at 8 o'olook. Of courue we were taken to Bee the great ohina works or Minton'B at Stoke, a few miles from Uttoxeter. Close to the railway station we notioed a handsome ptatne to Josiah Wedgwood, who died in 1795\. The manufactory is at a plaoe called Etruria, not far from Stoke. Spode's and Copeland's China is also made in the same dis trict; perhaps the factories were bnilt there because of the o aal which is abundant in Staffordshire, a great quantity being used for baking the china and pottery in the furnaces. The manager at Minton's told us that it tonk 24 tons at a time to heat one of their fur naces. We were shown specimens of the QUEEN'S CHINA, which was really very lovely, especially her " best dinner set,'* of royal blue and gold, with the mono gram in the centre of eaoh plate ; one plate we specially admired, of dresden design, with Watteau figures beautifully painted thereon; this was valued at 37gs. Mrs. M---a, a bankor's wife, of New York, recently purchased 18 of these plates. Banking must be a luorative calling in America we conolnded. All or most or the o'ay used for the china comes from Cornwall. We were told that they employed 1300 people altogether at Minton's taotory. The tiles made are very beautiful ; some ot the mosaics too being wonderfully like tho Italian I rom whioh many of the designs are taken. The mosaic flooring of the Union Bank, Sydney, was made at these works. Special oonrtesy was extended to ns as Australians, and altogether we were charmed with our visit to Minton's. The market at Uttoxeter is held every Wednesday, when any amount of farmers with their wives and daughters and the inhabitants generally attend. 1'he butter and cheese are famous in Uttoxeter. The ohina atalla too -re well patronist d, as many good pieces oan of len be purchased m nob cheaper than in the shops ; the " wastrels " or slightly flawed bits being sold for very little to the BtaLho ders, who buy them at the pot teries. Miss Sydney discovered an old curiosity shop in the town, from whence she emerged triumphant with an old Tam O'shanter mug a^d a piece of old Spode in the shape of a mnoh-oraoked sugar bowl. A VISIT TO ALTON TOWERS, the residence of the Earl of Shrewsbury, was one that we enjoyed very much. The young lord distinguished himself eome five or six years ago by running off with a certain Mrs. Munday, whose hus band shortly afterwards obtained a divorce. The earl then married her, and they seem likely to "live happy ever after," as is sometimes seen to be the contrary way of things in this wicked world. There ard three children, and the counters is a most charm ing and lovely lady, though some 10 years older than her lord. Certainly the castle and grounds are magnificent, the Grand Conservatory alone haying cost nearly ¿214,000, and is nearly 300 feet long. We saw the Dutch Garden with itB sculptured ponrtrayal of Prometheus and the rock, the Harper's cottage, tho residence at one time of a real Welah harper, 'he Pagoda Fountain, Jacob'B Ladder, and Druidical Altar. We enjoyed crossing the drawbridge over the moat with the originjl old chairs and maohii.ery tor moving it, the embattled tower-on eaoh sid* of which are the " armorial hear ings Btately "-opening into the hall where the blind (why are they always blind) harper used to play bo! ore he diod. The armory with the old sword inscribed "I belong to Talbot to conquer my enemies," we next saw ; then the pioture gallery, state-rooms, libraries, poets' corne'1, and muBio-room, the chapel and chapel corridor an countess's boudoir. Lady Shrewsbury, is the sister-in-law of Lord Hindlip, who was Btaying for some time in Sydney. He leases Lord Waterpark's place, where the Prit.oe of Wales sometimes Ftaya with him, and who holds a large interest in the celebratedbrewery of which his lordship is the head. The return drive was very enjoyable, the Boonery b< ing Borne of the best in England, with ita hills and dales, its vivid greenness, and the beautiful River Dove going on for ever. EATON WOODS were passed, not far from where is EooheBter, where George Eliot was born-her > Adam Bede being taken from a well-known resident of the neigh borhood. In Rochester is the large tape and cotton faotory of a Mr. Phillips. Sir Per cival Heywood, a rioh banker of Manchester, founded the College of Drnstone, and also built a very beautiful little ohurch, whioh we went to Bee at the little village ot Drnstone on onr way baok. His wife, it appears, was very fond of it, and he being very fond of her, spared neither pains nor money to bave everything as perfect as possible. The sculptured reredos of the crucifixion, the stone pulpit, stained windows, pictures, lectern, and cross wore exquisite. It is said that Sir Percival is now even more devoted to the churoh than is his lady. Moral : Husbande, please your wiveB, and you will end by pleasing your selves even more. Thoytch gate at the entrance was very quaint ; the green burial ground peaceful and sweet. I Bhould rather like to be buried there myself " some day." Drnstone Churchyard looks as if it could only be a resting-place for heaven. Some where near is Hoar CrosB, where Canon Knox Liddle lives sinoe his health broke down. HÍB church is beantifnl and his reotory picturesque. It is one of the best livings in Engin nd, with comparatively little work to be done. Churnet Valley and river looked pretty as we drove by. The trees were inviting, and in their long shadows sheep and cows rested. Hips and haws gleamed red on the hedges, where rosy children were already looking for blackberries. Truly, Staffordshire is a favored county. Jet is in the very height of fashion, and, with the demand, there haB been a vast improvement ia ita treatment. A lovely bridesmaid's dress would be of pale grey bengaune and crêpe de chine. The skirts Bhould be acoordian kilted in grey crêpe de chine over pink silk, bodice in grey bengaline with gathered yoke in pink crêpe de chine. 