THE DO0XOES SHOOK THBIS HEADS. ' I would give a million dollars for a stomach,' said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars |£200,00(£ is a deal of money, but he wa- not able to buy t he article even as that price. Mr. 'lliomas Gaekin, of No. 3, Poplar Eow, Dariey Abbey, naar Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't pot. Here is his ftorv. and he *hal tell it in his own w«y, Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : 'Up to eight years ago I had mver Io6t tin hours' work tbrougii eickuess. In December, 1882, whilst living at Bees ton, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful ptin after eating, a bad 'eete in my mouth, which would fill with water and elime, the latter bo thick and Bticky that I often had to remove it with my fmgeis. My chest used to *fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish- green, phiegau I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became - xhausted and ehorfc of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. ' I then went ae out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, Bad after attending there for eix months was very little better. I got so thin that I was tike a ghost walking about, and my friends eaid it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last -he doctors recommended me to try a change of air. 80 I came to Dariey Abbey, and my former master gav me an indoor lecommendation to the Derb} tLir-: Infirmary, Deiby. I found, however, tliet all the beds in the hospital were full, and I ean mj club doctor and aiao two doctors at Derby. The first one said, * You or* in a galloping consumption, and must die ;' the other doc tors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. 'Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in hiB gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things west on like this until De cemb.r, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely, I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phl&gm; would choke me. At this tiire the whites of my eyes turned y*llow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat, my tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a etonc weight in three weeks. ' I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but w-* so week I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often eat for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and tbe children at play quite upset me. *' The doctor kept on attending me, but he said 'I can do you no good; 1 can only patch you up because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thiog was a cough cure from London fhnf /-nat 99a ?- \- ? — ? ?—?»»» wwmiv www MM0 mm bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said * WeU, you toon't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' 'About the mdddle of March, 1889, a neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Dariey Abbey, *aid to me, « Tom, did you ever try Mother HSrigeTs Syrup? and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much ia praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bott e at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoria street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell aesleep and felt reeted when I awoke. After taking the meaicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought tbe improvement, and I told h;m, as 1 tell every one, that Mother Seigel'.- Syrup had Baved my life. I com menced work at once, and have never lost a day's work Bince. ' Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong ae ever in my life and have continued eo ever eince.' In giving his consent to tbe publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests ub to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Dariey Abbey, who is acquainted with all th ? facts alleged. Mr. GaBkin has lived at DatOey Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, wbat *vae 'he complaint from which he suffered? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), er he would have gaUoped into the grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chroeie inflammatory dyspepsia 'or chronic gastric eatarrbJJ, which has lung symptoms like con sumption for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrong y treated. When the right remedy, Mother 8eige 's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all disease - of the digestive traet do yield to that magnificent .preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gafkin on his recovery, and recommend the facte of bis case to all thinking people. 