pii 11SIL hpapter x.-tttr chief of lara is Returned again. hapter xl -blanche's hero. bbhal'ter xii.— the spell of the circe. chapter xiii. -the truant of the hermitage. chapter xiv.— on guard.. . . chapter xv.— in the friar's avenue. chapter xvi.— under petticoat government. chapterxvil— the widow opens the battle. chapter xviii.— colonel clif ford obeys ordkks. chapter xix.— mrs. rivers' masked battery. CHAPTER xx.— BEFORE THE STORM. CHAPTER xxi.— STAY AND SPARE NOT. CHAPTER xxii.— MACLEAN'S VALET. CHAPTER xxiii.— THE SECRET OF MORDAliNT WASTE. CHAPTER XXIV.— A GHOSTLY VISIT. CHAPTER XXV — FALLING INTO EDEN. CHAPTER XXVI.— FACE TO FACE. CHAPTER XXVII.— A SHOT IN THE. DARK., CHAPTER XXVIII. -THE" MORNING AFTER. CHAPTER XXIX. — B L A N 0 H E'S "DOOM." CHAPTER XXX. -MISS FERNLEIGHS' LAST. CHAPTER, VIII. — Continued. She glided with a queenly grace from tlie apartment, a sublimated look on her face that made it actually glorious. As she passed down tiie long corri- dor she caught sight of her brother stretched out on the grass under the, trees, smoking — the picture of indo lent content. Two minutes later and. she swooped down upon him — and im- petuous young whirlwind in petti coats. . i " Harry, is it true— really, really true — tlmt Edward Clifford has come back 1" " Eh?'' said ITat-ry, lifting his head. "How much ? Make that' remark over again, my beloved sister, and please don't be so energetic. !My head aches this morning ; that's tlie worst of the. 'sparkling cup of pleasure' — -the lees are bitter, bitter ! Tho port, last night, was thick and; sweet ; but even old port has its drawback, in an unfor tunate tendency to concentrate itself in a man's nose ; and the Cliquot champagne was heavenly — there is no other word for it— but sparkling Cliquot is only bottled headache and sour stomach, after all. Fill tlie bumper fair j Every drop wo sprinklo - O'er tho brow of cavo SmootliB away a wrinklo, sounds very pretty ; but the wrinkles come next day, when remorse and soda- water set in. ' Last night I was liappy ; this morning my worst ene mies — tho tailor and bootmaker — could wisli me no more wretched. What did you say, Blanche? Tlie world is a hollow mockery, and life hath lost its charms . but I'll try to answer you ere I die." Eor pity's sake, Harry, stop that nonstmse ! I asked you if it were true that Edward Clifford had really re turned." " Huntley said so, at least. Met him in London — seecly and sad, out of sorts, and out of pocket. Here's his address ; I took it down for your especial benefit — so you can fly to liim on the wings of Jove as fast as you please." He tore a leaf out of his note-book, and handed it to her. Blanche took it— then, without a word, turned and hurried into tlie house. Harry looked after her with a sigh of gentle 're proach. " Gratitude, thy name is woman ! Hot one word of thanks, not one ex pression of condolence for my' un happy state ! ' 'Twus ever thus from childhood's hour.' Perhaps I had better <vn to slenn." q- i" . . Hurry sank into balmy slumber ac cordingly, until the June sun readied the meridian, and beat strongly down upon him. He awoke in a state a salamander might have envied, got up, yawned, stretched himself, and Sauntered into the house. . . As he passed into the entrance hall, " 'ffis sister came flying down the stairs —her face flushed, hor eyes sparkling, a folded letter in her hand. With an impetuous outburst, she flung her arms around Harryj and kissed liim on. the spot. " I have succeeded !" she exclaimed ; "oh, Harry, I have won the victory! The general has relented. I have written to Edward to come home — all is forgotten and forgiven— see, here is the letter." She dropped it into tho post-bag, then flew back again up stairs, leaving Harry standing petrified. .! " And they call womon"p responsible beings !" tho Harrovian '. murmured, vaguely. "Good gracious ! thoro's a victory to win !" — a victory that has cost the conqueress her kingdom 1" CHAPTER IX. TIIE MYSTERY AT MOJIDAU.NT. "Go back to Mordaunt! For pity's sake, Blanche, do I hear you aright ?" £ Blanche Clifford laughed at her mother's horrified face. 'You certainly do, mamma. Tlio general wishos to return to Mordaunt, and the general's wishes aro to nie like tlio moi lo Roi of 'King Louis. Ho visiles to go back, and very -natural indeed tho wish is under tho circum stances." "An invalid's sick fancy;"' mur mured, sympathetically, Mrs. Rivers; of course it must bo indulged. But is tho poor old man in a fitting state, clearest Blanche? Tlio clamp — tho rats — tlio roolc-infested chimneys — tlie " "Wo will see to all that— Harry has gone to Mr. Brenchlcv, tho' land steward, to issue Undo Clifford's orders. Tho place will bo in fitting order to receive us in a fortnight at most.'' . : . "I'll never go!" Lady Grey ex claimed, indignantly. "I am very comfortable here. I liko a modern villa, such as this, infinitely better any clay than a ruineel old piio like that. It is tlie home, tlio birthplace, of all tlio Cliffords, it is true ; but still- There, Blanche! I shall not go, so don't look at mo so imploringly. I should expect to see tlio prior's ghost every moonlight night under tlio trees, ancl hear tho goblin bell in every sougli of tho wind in tho turrets. I shall stay where I ani — that's decided. Ancl you shall stay too, Grace i" " Very well, mamma," Blanche said, quite resignedly, " it must be as you please. Wo shall do tolerably -well, I daresay, with Mrs. Safforth, the house keeper, Jameson, tlio butler, and a few more. You and Mrs. Rivers will be visitors of state, w lien you condescend to como over and look in upon us." "And when is this precious will to bo maclo ?" inquired : hor . ladyship, testily. " Oh, heaven help you, Blanche Grey ! What a little fool you aro !" "Thank you, my lady !'' with a merry littlo . laugh, and a housemaid's littlo curtsoy. " Tho will is, to bo made as soon as wo aro safely settled at tho priory. Colonel Cliflbrd', in-all likelihood, will > b'o hero himself long before that." The'rosy radiance thatalways lighted her face at the bare mention of hor hero dawned softly thero again, and tho disinherited heiress left tlio room, singing a gay cliansqn. ; . ' Mrs. Rivers -looked- after lior, with ' a careless laugh, but with a look, of bitter hatred and envy in her glitter ing eyes. " How nice it must be to feel young and sentimental and Quixotic, like that! I have seen so much of life— partly in my husband's lifetime, partly sinco \- — that' at times I feel as though I were a hundreds But if your daughter had uuuji uuj il : klbuuuiituulu, ilur bwl'ul simplicity could not be more rofresh- ing." . ... It was very seldom indeed the piquanto "widow' alluded to. tho lajte lamented. Mr. Rivers. . IIo' had been a merchant captain, it- appeared, and his devoted wife had gone with hira pretty well over tlio world. She had tried Baden-Baden ancl Homburg, and all tlie charming littlo Bads of Germany, on hor own responsibility since play ing ecarte, ving-ot-un, &c.;, liko any old soldier of fortune, but this was sub rosa. ' It had boon rather a vogabondish life she frankly admitted, with a strong flavor, of Boheinianism, and slic had resigned it and her ' liberty to dance attendance upon the Duchess ofKil-. hassie — a vicious old Scotchwoman. Since the death of that distinguished patroness, and her espousal by " dear, dear Lady Grey," sho had gonorupon velvet, her rose leaves had been with out a thorn or a wrinkle,. and life -was one long dreaiu of bliss. So at leust she said, and my lady vory compla cently beliovccl it. The refitting up of the priory went rapidly on ; tlio seigneur had all tho impatience of a petted invalid' arid' a fierce old centurion used to play despot over his brigade. . „ , Blanche Clifford walked or rodo over, every day to superintend in person, and under tliei trees,'' grand and majestic in tho leafy .splendor of early July, the wrinkled crone I-Iagar sat, watching tho heiress witli malignant' old eyes. Blanche heeded' little these weird, baleful glances, with the princely spirit nature ancl custom had given hor ; she never passed tho wi'tch-liko figure without carelessly flinging her a hand ful of shillings. And old Hagar gathered them up avariciously, and crooned still her ominous doggrol : — ' Tin do mi shall fall on Mordaunt Hall, . Our Lady sond lic-r grace ! Dnvk falls tho doom upon tlio last Fair daughter of tho race. The bat shall flit, tlio owl shall hoot, ' / Grim ruin stalks with hnsto ; Tlio doom shall fall when Mordaunt Hall - Is changed to Mordaunt Waste.- A nrl Plnnnlio fnoi'inec lilr/i n f.unn Clifford, listened and .laughed, and swept along, princcss-like, to issue hor sovereign behests, and rule liege lady of all around her. Before the fortnight had expired the preparations camo to an end, and General Clifford and his ward, and a staff of servants, left the park for the priory. Ancl Edward Clifford, con-, trary to all expectation, lmd not yet appeared to claim his own- — to take his old, his rightful place, in his fatiicr's houso and homo. Thoro liiid coma a letter — a lotter which lmd given im petuous Blanche a chill, so , brief, so cold, so formal was it— saying that tlioy might look, for him shortly, that business of a pressing nature detained him in London. The old general read it through his gold-rimmed eye-glass, popped up in a drift of pillows, with sad, wistful eyes. "It does not sound like Eclward," he said, " my brave; impulsive, warm hearted boy; ever ready to forgive ancl forget at the first pleading word. Tho very writing is changed. All, well, lib was nineteen then, he is thirty -four now ancl time changes us all," and rarely for, tho better. Ho will come, Blanche, and that is something. I shall seo him again before I. die." Thoro was ono room at tho priory— tho " Adam 'and Evo Chamber" thoy called it — where many Cliffords had been born ancl slept away their wedded lives/ ancl this apartment the general had particularly desired to bo got in readiness for him. It was a vast and lofty and spacious room, with a great oak door, a slippery oakon floor ancl wainscot, a yawning gulf of a fireplace, 'where a firo blazed now night and clay,, despite the sultry July weather, for tlieso great rooms were always draughty, and tlio invalid, over chill. On either sido of the great stono chimney-piece, wondorf ally carved witli scrolls and legonds, wero two life- length figures of the " grand old gar dener and his wife," wrought with marvellous skill -in tlio shining oak. Ancl all tho walls were cut ancl carved with representations of four-footed things — of fishes that- swim and birds that fly— passing in review boforo their earthly icing to be named. Deep in their mullioned' casements were set the dim di.nnond-p.ancd windows, half blind with climbing ivy and wild roses. The furniture was quaint and old, and spindlo-leggcd, and in tho centre of tho floor stood the bed — a huge four-poster, that centuries ago had c'omo from Flan ders, and in which ladies of the royal blood had slumbered boforo now. Mrs. Rivors, going over this chambcr with Blanche, fell into raptures. " How charming ! how beautiful ! how quaint 1 Such a marvel of anciont art 1 Such a dear, romantic old room ! Really, now, if thero were sliding panels in t-ho priory ono would look for tho secret springs somewhere amid all this fantastic work — wouldn't tlioy, Blanche, dearest ? Ancl this was the monastic end of tho priory, too, whore all sucli delightfully mysterious places arc most likely to bo found." General Clifford, lying back in a great sleepy-hollow of an arm-chair, darted a koen, angry, surprised look at the widow as she said this. But the pretty, smiling face, all. sweetness and dimples, looked innocent -tand uncon scious as a newborn babe's. " Call Armando, Blanche,'' ho said, sharply. "I am cold ancl tired ; 'I want to go to bed." Miss Clifford rang for tho valet and left tlio room; but the next time, she was alone with hira the general turned upon her sharply. . s ... -"Blanche, who is that ever- smiling, horiey-tongued woman your 'motlior has picked up:? Who'is slie, and where does she como from ? aud .where is. that fellow Rivers, or was thero ever such a follow at all ?' „ . " Dear uncle," Blanche said, smiling,: yet a trifle shocked, " you know quite as much about her as I. do. She is mamma's especial pet and friend, and," with a light laugh, " the solace of her declining years. '. That fellow Rivers ' was a morciianc captain — cteact years ago, peace to his ashes. Farther than that, I know, and' seok to -know, no more." "Keep her out of this room," saicl the general, sharply. "I don't like her, and I won't) havo her here. She, is ... like sugar-candy, Blanche — too sweet to bo wholesome. If. you told hor black was white, she would simper ancl say, 'Yes, dear— I know it,'" mimicking the widow's dulcet tones- " I like people like you; Blanche, who stand up stoutly and tell ine, , ' No, it is not !' Don't lee her come hero again ; I. don't' like her." : ; Blancliepromiseddutifully, of course ; but the "best- laid plans, of mice and men gang aft aglee." The widow was destined to come again and yet again, and to deepen the dark mystery so soon to electrifv them a"- . : ". ' Whether in tho . removal- he had caugh't cold — whether tho " Adam-and- Eve" room was still unairod — v.'hether secret trouble over the prolonged' ab sence of liis son Edward had done it, no one know, but tho general fell sud- donlyand dangerously ill. Inflamma tion sot in — a great physician from London was summoned— a telegram despatched tb the tardy heir, and all was dismay and confusion at Mor daunt Waste. A- lawyer ivas sum-: uioiied, and tho will that loft all to Eclward Oliflbrd was made. . Blanche insisted upon this ; it was' all Edward's by right, ancl to Eclward it should go- "He dosn't deserve it, Blanche," Edward's father said bitterly. " See how he lingers whilst tlioy count my .life' by hours, - But ho will como,, and you,- my darling, will he his wife ; so it will end in the same, after all," The great London doctor shook , his head portentously, and looked very grave. Ho might last a week, but the stormy old lion's life was very near its end now. Thoy never loft him — Blanche, in sorrow, pale and tearless, watched by his bedside night and clay. Ho was delirious very often — almost always at night: he was not to ba left for. an . " You will wear yourself out, dearest Blanche," Mrs. Rivers said, mourn fully, kissing the girl's pale cheek. "You must nob— you really must not sit up so much as you do. Let me take your place to-night." " Thanks," Blanche said, wearily, " it will not be .necessary. Mrs. Saf forth watches, with 'Armande." " Then I will assist Mrs. 'Safforth. and Armande. , Ah, dearest Miss Clifford, you aro very cruel. You will not let mo be of -tho slightest use, and I long so much to do something. Let ' mo sit up this once — pray do 1" She clasped her littlo hands, and looked piteously up at Blanche, great tears standing in tho velvet black eyo — a picture of prettinoss and inno cence. And Blanche's heart relented. The genoral disliked her'; bub thopoor genoral was far beyond the power of liking or disliking 'aiiyono now. " You aro vory good,/ Miss Clifford made answer. "Sit up, if you will, Mrs. Rivers. Good Mrs. Safforth. is fat and' fifty, and extremely apt to fall asleop before midnight ; and Armande, who has no more brains 'tlm'n a cat, is very likely to follow her examplo. But you aro not liko them, and I shall rest tlib quioter for knowing you aro beside him." . ! " A thousand thanks, dearest-, -sweetest, Blanche cried tho gushing widow, kissing hor impetuously. "I had begun to fear of lato I had offoncled you. You havo grown so sadly colcl and formal. But now I know you still trust your, poor Graco, who would ' die to serve you, darling Blanche !" . Blnncho's supei'b upper lip curled a littlo. Sho did not like all this effusion, and never distrusted-' tho wiclo\y half so much as in hor gusliiiig moods. , But sho had promised ; thero was really no reason why Mrs. Rivers should not assist tho -housekeeper and valot iii their watch, since the general, in his delirium, knew no longer friend from foe. Very sleepy, and unutterably fatigued in mind and body, Blanche retired .early on that .eventful, that nevor-to-be-forgotten night. Harry had driven tho widow over in tlio gray of the summor evening, and returned to the park. Armando was to occupy the dressing-room adjoining tho "Adam and Evo," and Mrs. Safforth and tho little widow ensconced tlfcmsclvos in tho easy chairs, tiimmcd the night lamp, and began their vigil. Blanche retired to hor chamber, half undressed, and threw herself upon tho bed. Almost instantaneously she fell asleep, and slept for three hours, deeply, drcamlessly. Then without noise, or cause of any kind, precisely at midnight, she suddenly and fully awoke. A boll was tolling, solemn, slow, faint, afar off' — but unmistakably toll ing. Through the deep stillness of tho warm July night the low, steady tone fell — one — two — three — a longer and longer pause between each vibration. A bell, the deepest, the sweetest, tho saddest, that ever Blanche Clifford had heard. She sat' up in bed, listening. Mor ally and physically the girl was brave ; but now the cold drops started on her brow, and her- heart stood still. And slowly; slowly clanged that passing bell — fainter every moment and'farther off ' She sprang up, drew tho curtain, and looked out into tho night. The untold glory of tlio full July moon flooded the chamber with heavenly lustre,. Countless stars sparkled- — -tho soft abundant radiance seemed clear as tho light of day. The 'dark -woodland, tlie deep plantations, tangled and wild, the waving groves of fern, looked mys teriously, beautiful in, that silvery splendor ; but no living thing, far or near, was to bo seen. The slipping of a snalco, the light crash of a dry twig,, the faint' twitter of a bird in its nest- all these sounds of silence canie to her ear ; and still above them, 'still clear,! still mournful and slow, sounded that weirci passing bill. Blanche's dressing-gown lay near. She threw it on, thrust her feet into slippers,, .ancl ; hastened from, the chamber straight to that of tho-'general. She had to pass through tlib -'dressing-, room on her way; tho Frenchman, Armande, lay soundly asleep, on a couch. Another second, and slie stood on the threshold, of the sick-room. There she paused.. What was Mrs. Rivers doing? Tlio sick m'an lay. very still, and the widow was bending over liim, her white hands busy, among the pillows. Under those pillows, the new will— the will that left all to Edward — lay.. .It had been the sick man's whim to keep it there, and no one had gainsaid liini. But could Mrs. Rivers bo seeking for that? . Whilst slie stood breathless, the olcl man, with a sudden shrill cry, started up in bed, and seized tho widow by tho wrist. .((She will murder me I"1 ho cried. "I dreamed the ltnife was at my throat 1 Take her: away, Blanche- take her away ! " ' Tiie momentary, strength left him even whilst he spoke. He fell heavily back among the piliows, his eyes closing in dull stupbrsonce more. . As if some prescience warned her she was watched, Mrs. Rivors turned round. , .Awfiilly' -eorpso-like' tho fair, face looked in the pallid' glimmer of- the niglit-lanip. ! \ ';1 ' . ' " Miss. Clifford 1" sho exclaimed, "you here ! ' I thought you were soundly asleep."' V Blanche advanced, very pale. " What is the matter, Mrs. Rivers ? What were you looking for a moment ago, when the general started up ?" : " Looking for, dearest Blanche ?' I was . not looking for anything. I was trying to arrango tho pillows more comfortably, when ' I unfortu nately disturbed our poor patient. He has beeii sleeping heavily since you left, but wandering and talking at intervals. It is fortunate you did not resign, ljirn to tlio tender, mercies of Armande and Mrs. Safforth,; they have both been soundly sleeping all night.'' Blanche glanced at the housekeeper. o»io ,MUij ayuuuiv oicujjai|. uiiu snoring at that. Her conscience gave hor a twinge for tlie unjust suspicion. How uncharitable sho was to: think ovil so readily of this goodnatured little woman! "Did you hear, a bell toll?" sho nsked, half ashamed of the question.' "A boll, j No, dear — -did you?!' "I fancied so— it ivas only-fancy, though, I.claresayV -' Now that I am here, however, I will share your watch until nio)-ning.'' ' V- " " Dearest Blanche,- '.lib;'' the widow said, earnestly ; .« why should you? You need rest so much, my poor, pale darling, and you see our.patient sleeps quietty. You will wear yourself out — you know you aro not strong, norusod to watching; and if you are taken ill what will tho poor old general do then ? No, my pot ; go back to bed and sleep in peace— I will care for our patient fully as wel! as yourself. " Blanche hesitated. . She felt wearied and. worn and nnrefroshed still ; the temptation to, rest was Very strong, and then, as Mrs. Rivors said, she was quito capable' of doing all . that . v as needed to be done. It was wicked- to suspect 'anyone of ilMesign- without cause. She would riot yield to these unkind suspicions— she would obey Mrs. Rivers, arid go back to bed. "I am very absurd, I suppose,'' sho said, and full of ridiculous fancies. I will roturn to .my, room, Mrs. Rivers, and try to sleep . until morri- ing." ' !, , Tho widow looked after the slender, graceful, 'girlish figure, floating out of tlio room in its white drapory;' with glittering black eyes. - "If you wero not such a little fool, Blanche Groyj" sho saicl, between her little wliito teeth, " yon would thank mo for serving you against your will. I hate Edward Clifl'ord, ancl ho shall never inherit the broad acres and full, coffers ' of his father if I can prevent it. And' those white! arms of yours shall never wreath about liim, my pretty princess, if I can hold you apart." Tho mystic bell had ceased to toll when Blancho returned to her room. All was still. The indistinct noises of the night came faintly to her ear — soft ancl low came tho distant wash of the waves on tho shore — nothing else. And Blancho slept until morning. Tho sunburst of another cloudless summer day filled the world when she woke, sprang up, dressed hastily, and hurried to the sick man's room. It was still very early — scarcely G — the night-lamp yet burned, and Armando and Mrs. Safforth and Mrs. Rivers — all three wero asleep. But Blancli.e never glanced at them twice, for, standing on tho threshold, a great cry of horror and fear burst from her. Tho bed was empty — the sick man gone ! That shrill cry awoko the valet. He yawned, turned, stretched himself, and sleepily got up, rubbing his eyes. It also startled Mrs. Safforth, who sat erect with a jerk, gazing bewildered about her, with dazed and stupid eyes. But the little widow slumbered so soundly that sho never stirred. " Miss Blanche," gasped the house keeper, " what on earth's the matter 1 The general " Sho'stoppecl short, gazing bewildered at the empty bed. . '( Where is my uncle 1 Where is General Clifford?" Blanche cried.' "Wake up, Mrs. Rivers/ and tell me where ho is." : Slie shook the widow vehemently. Tho great velvet black eyes opened, and looked drowsily, up. (TO.BF. CONTINUED.), ' 