^ MargeTy : Houghtoii's Troubles~| ? i i -By Author of ' Oekel's Folly,' &c.; Chapter IV. — (Continued.) '''' That night, walking^ home throughAthe dim wood with-my- brother^ my- thoughts went back over the past two years, dwell ing upon each little memory that rose up like^ picture'bfefbre me, fixed in the frame of Time.' Then my brother's words came back to me — ' In His own time God will make clear the right.' How strangely He had done so! After all Margery's charge had been but a bold subterfuge, a wildfguesi at tne' truth, risky and fateful as a leap in the dark. A higher hand than ours had ruled the result. That was the last night for many years that Hugh Darell rested under the roof that he 'ijad dreamed of as his own. „ The neiit1 morning before anyone was astir, he was gone. Behind him he left a* sealed bulky packet, full of; a confession that ? it must have been bitter as death..to_his pride to set down. Within, neatly folded, crisp vand [complete save. for one — the one hd;had dropped in his struggle' that night ?j-lay the lost 'notes. Not from love 6i gold, had ..Hugh Darell. sinned, but from envy — not to enrich himself, but to ruin his rival, had he stained his name. «? I never thought it would go so far as ithas done, this blame of Lionel.11 All I dreamed of,' all I desired, was that, through this seeming crime, mean and cowardly as all would call it, you, Margery, would learn to loathe the man who had Stepped in and stolen your love.' Motive and act were here laid bare. He had not . spared himself even this crowning shame ; he had spared himself not1 at allri throughout- the letter. Mar gery's; eyes filled with tears as she read the closely-written pages, and a tender pity stole into her face till it shone in my eyes.fair as the pictured face of an angel. To the old man, restless and wan on his bed, i that -packet : came with a .terrible power, cutting clown his pride arid cruel justice, mocking at his strong will, his stronger love, and ;late repentance. ,Lis-' tcning to ( its tardy revelation, .drinking in every word with' straining eyes and fever dry lips, he groaned in a strong agony that would not be concealed. All the crushed.dowh tenderness for his frank, handsome son rose strong in his heart. Vain 'regrets and passionate longings cut their /hungry'! way through his soul as he lay there,;-: impotent, a childless man, -whose own hard hand had made him such. In vain we tried to soothe him ; our efforts were powerless. A stronger voice than ours' was in I his -ears, and would not be silenced; a sterner justice than he had dreamed TofTwas meting out to'him'' even tHat-ne ' had meted.'*- And still thekJ days, went by — the fair spring days, pulsing with the promise of the siimmer-time— but Lionel did not come. All that money could do had been done to trace: him. Margery pined and grew paler. ...The , old man, whom the doctors had proriouueed incurable, lay and waited with a sick, half- hopeless hope for his coming ; but all in vain. . No word or sign came to us in our sorrow^ from cast-away Lionel Grant. ? ' ' | People wondered on hearing; from day to. day. that Sir Cecil. lived. None had expected this. Some few even hinted ; that he was over-long in dying. The doc tor wondered.in his grave1 'way ; but l still his , patient lingered, waiting, as it almost seemed to me, by special,, permission for the coming of his son. And at last he came, walking in through the open door at the close of a long June day— a. weary, dust-stained, pale-faced man, aged and and changed , strangely in those short years of absence— a man who had found facing the world a harder thing than he had dreamed of, a battle in which the flush arid freshness of his youth had died away — a man who had known toil,1' hard ships, want almost.-. I. dreaded seeing his gaunt frame and threadbare coat.: He came among us like a ghost ; a mocking spectre hejalmost seemed of our handsome petted Lionel. /Biiti what did it matter? He'was' come at 'last. Margery, sobbing in his arms,- never stayed to question how. ' Sir Cecil;' looking into his face through a ' rain of tears,,, knew, that the bronzed changed face was the face of Lionel his son, and asked no more — not at first, at , least. Bit by bit, every line told its own story. Every sign of the wear and tear and poverty of his life, lived away 'from all that should have brightened ti, was an added pang to the sorehearts round about, him. . , . ,'. ' ' Seeing , him, the . terrible bitterness of those past years of sxile was made plain to us, and even we, who would have shielded him frotn.it all if we could, shud dered, feeling,Jperhaps for the' first time, how much greater his sufferings had been than ' 'ours, even ' as his wrongs were greater, j If Margery; felt this so keenly, if -'it ''touched me) a ''stranger to them, bound by no ties of kin, how was it with Sir, Cecil ? , No one looking on his face could tell. As the passion of joy that { Lionel had, brought -into it faded, a subtle ' change stole, across the gaunt pain-worn features. Seeing' it, my brother whispered , to me thai the end was near, and I went ' out from the room softly, dreading to see him die. In the early morning, when all watchers but Margery and Lionel had wearied at their post, the end came. ' Without even a sobbing breath to break the silence, his hand in Margery's, his eyes, (full of love to the last, fixed wistfully on the face of , his son, he died. ; The weary waiting was over, his long- ' ing-heart .satisfied, and then, not cruelly, but in very tenderness, came death. (To be ccntinued.) 