THE PUBLIC IJEETING. The public meeting in the church was very well attended. After praise and prayer offered by the Rev. J. Barningbam, The llev. J. Westacott said they might improve the time, seeing that Mr Laidlaw, who was to preside, had not arrived. His absence.was perhaps due to the fact that they were beginning rather early, which was due to several at the meeting desiring to leave by the last train, amongst whom was Mr Barton. By seeing some old frieuds and familiar faces before him he wis remiuded of the opening of the little church next door— now used as the printing office—which took place as near as could be about 24 years ago. He was the minister of the circuit at that time, and was a little younger then than now. He saw before him Mr and Mrs Wesble, -who were present at the opening of the little church. Mrs Atkinson, Mr Artis, M r W. Hill aud others also present were there. It was so crowded that some people were unable to get into the church. When he was in Shepparton he knew people who would ride 10 or 12 miles to a ball, and who used to sing " We wou't go home till mcrn ing." Some of them were not fit to go home even then. Well, when they opened the little church next door people cauie to it from far aud near. They rode aud they drove in from all parts ot the district. They had to throw the saslies up, so that those who could not get inside could hear from the outside. And a real, grand time they had of it This was the first anniversary he had been at in the new building. In some respects the former times were better than these, but in other respects they were worse. He was glad to see so mauy of his old friends present. Some people told them that they were overchurched here, but there were enough people in Lilydale to fill all the churches, and more than enough. At this stage Mr Laidlaw arrived, and he was heartily welcomed, his appearance being greeted with a good round of applause. Mr Westacott said when the sun shone forth it was time for the lesser lights to retire into the background. As the chairman would b the sun of the meeting, and as the sun had now appeared, he would retire into obscurity. (Laughter.) The choir then very nicely sang "Our voices now we raise." The Chairman called upon the Rev. Mr Barton, who wished to get away by train. Mr Barton said he was sorry to have to disarrange the programme, but he had made up his mind to get hon-.e that night if possible. He must congratulate them upon the favorable weather they had had that day. for he believed the weather they had last Sunday was not favorable. He had been to a number of tea meetings iu Lilydale, and had generally had to make his way through mud. He did net remember such a fiue evening here before, unless it was on the occasion just referred to by Mr Westacott. He called to mind the tent erected on the flat, and he remembered driving to it from Melbourne in a van. He was very glad to see Mr Westacott again, and to find him improved in health. He hoped he might remain with the people here, aud if they did not try to overwork hiin he would get a chance of recuperating from his illness of a few mouths ago. Wheu a minister saw there was a great deal to do he often broke dowu in trying to do too much. He knew many of his audience, and he knew they would assist him and help him in every possible way. As this was Whitsuntide, he thought he would say something to them suitable to the occasion. Their church friends said every service " We believe in the Holy Ghost." The Methodists were emphatic upon that point, and were very earnest about the pouring out of t he Spirit. Mr Westacott had remarked that some people . had said that this place was overchurched, and he then remarked that in Lilydale there were euough people to fill all the churches. K so, they should get them into the churches. .He believed Mr and Mrs Westacott had been all round about looking after the people. .They had been to Seville and Wandin and other places in the xlistrict, but -they could jnot go to sail the places. Their congregations should , help them by doing a little' visitation, and by delivering tracts. Afterwards they jnight endeavor to get those people into, -the church who'did not now g6 to -Church. They plight say to those outside the pale, " We have a good choir,. aii earnest minister, and plenty -of room in the churcfa.- \Ve -cau find room for a few strangers." That the Lord would help them and prosper theui very much during this year was his earnest prayer. (Applause.) \- Mr Barton"having left, The Chairman said : I have been honored with the management of theMethodistChurch this evening, andvl have accepted the responsibility, though T can"assure you I don't feel very comfortable in the pulpit. (Laughter arid-applause.) Mrs J. C. C. Jones very sweetly sang a solo, " This Way, 97th," which were the last words of Captain Hedly at the sortie before Sebastopol. The Chairman then said that at the last anniversary meeting in the church, at which he had the honor of presiding, the Bev. Mr Green was present. He had now been removed in the usual course, and hie had no doubt everyone in Lilydale, both inside and outside the church, wished him success. (Hear, hear.) He had left monuments behind ( him in the churches which he had been instru- J mental in getting erected at Healesville. j Warburton, Seville, and other places. How-1 ever, they had got a good substitute in Mr Westacott, who came here with a great reputation. He was by no means a new man in the district. He knew their ways. (Laughter.) At all events, he knew the ways of some in the district, for he was here long before he (the chairman) was here. (Heac^jheaivand laughter.) -He must say «I« Mr Westacott had got a splendid L tttenant in ® Mr White, the president of the shire- (laughter)-for he could assure Mr Mr g Westacott that Mr White mentally, morally, and physi' ter.) He was sure his audien so too if they knew him ?s (Laughter.) Misses Leuba (2) and Messrs and Morey then rendered ir the quartet, " I am the Resui_ The Chairman said he saw several ladies before him who had come from Melbourne. Their doings were well known to people who ea<Uhe nSwepapera. adm walppVto adfigsg the meetinfe, and he teSevedroey would ftaye a t^eat- fj and £ l|rsi Love then /eli' rsMtettsnedto throughout with the closest attention. Mrs abolition of the drink traffic, was frequently applauded. Owing to the great length of her^aadrcss, wnd-the pressure on our epace ; *• -. . » i •» 4-1 ™nnrf /if we are compelled to hold over the report of it till our next issue.. , T ... .— ; - ,- The Chairman, who qpo'ke^S^ fik^V 1 point of view, said the "nextTtem "on the programme was a very .satisfactory one—• the collection, after' which Miss "Leuba charmingly sang " The Sea of Glass, The Chairman, in introducing Mr Barningham, said he had : only just c6ine into the district to renew his labors, though he had been in the district' formerly for a considerable period, when he did good work and was much esteemed. The conference had sent him here now principally in the hope that he would soon recover his health, as he had been unwell for some months. ,ile was pleased to hear that Mr Barningham was improving iapidly in health, and he hoped he would soon be as well as ever. (Hear, hear, and applause.) The Rev. J. Barningham, who was very cordially received, said he found that Colonial Bank managers were very good (Laughter and hear, hear.) They had a concert at Healesville last Friday night, and the Colonial Bank manager gave them two songs. (Hoar, hear.) That night thay had a Colonial Bank manager in Lilydale, and he-was sure he had given a tone to the meeting. (Hear, hear.) In looking over the local paper the other day he saw that the former manager of the Colonial Bank in Lilydale took a very bold step— he got married. (Laughter.) He was not going to take such a step as that, for when he heard .Mr Westacott talking about 24 years ago he began to think they were getting old. He began to think of the bald pates in " Punch"—(here Mr Barningham rubbed the top of his head, which caused some merriment)—and the Railway Commissioners advertising ou them. (Laughter.) He could not help thinking that bald pates were good things to advertise on. (Renewed laughter.) He was sorry the weather was unfavorable on Sunday, but he was glad they had fiue weather that night, for it had enabled them to have a good meeting. (Hear, hear.) Wheu he looked back on Lilydale in times past he could certaiuly say his experience was not- like that of a miuister who took for his textLove," and laid down three propositions. First, " You don't lotfe me." He had practical proof of that, for he had been there four years and they allowed him to go away at the finish without, paying him his salary. (Laughter.) He was sure tliey would not allow Mr Westacott go away without his salary. (Laughter.) Then the minister said " Yen don't love each other." There was proof of that also, for there had been no marriages in the church. If there had not been a marriage in that church already he believed Mr Westacott would soon have one. (Hear, hear.) Thirdly, the minister said, "God doesn't love you." There was proof of that too. for God had uot given them prosperity. But some of the former worshippers in that church were now in their grave. They laid them there, and they hoped they were uow in that blessed laud. Mr White had to follow him. He remembered him in his courting days in Lilydale. (Laughter.) He (the speaker) managed to get a wife just a quarter of an hour before him. (Laughter.) He could not say whether it was just a quarter of an hour or not—Mr White remembered best. However, they took two of the best young ladies in the Lilydale district, and since then they had been trying their best to keep them. He must say they had a : beautiful building, and he wished there was not so much debt upon it. However, they must do their best with brother Westacott to get the debt off the building. He was sure they would do their best, and he was sure he would. It was said there were too many churches in Lilydale. That was said at Shepparton. But at the same time it was said at Shepparton that if all the people attended church there would not be sufficient accommodation for them. The same thing was now said in Lilydale. They must try to get them into the churches. They wanted more workers, more visitation, and more tract distribution. Some people were fitted for some kiud of work, and some for another. Those who were not fit to teach or work in the Sabbath school might distribute tracts or do many other things. Then they could not get on without money, but money to support the churches and church work should not be grudged. He must not say too much, as brother White, the President of the Shire of Lilydale, had to follow him. What a high office he occupied ! He did not know what high office he would hold next, and he did not want to prophesy. Some people said they wanted to make everybody Methodists. He did not want to make anybody a Methodist. He only wanted to get everybody into the church of the Lord Jesus Christ, and he was sure that was the aim of brother Westacott. He hopea that would be the result of his ministry in Lilydale, and he believed he would be able to show satisfactory and gratifying results. (Hear, hesr.) They wanted to know each other better, and they wanted this spirit in their churches. A person told him the other day at Healesville that hs was attending a church in one of the suburbs of Melbourne for two years, aud no one in the church knew him at the end of the two years, so he left. And so would he. It was about time. It did not matter whether they were a bank manager, a Methodist minister, or a shire president—they must know each other. (Hear, hear.) He was pleased to be there that night, tor they would see that the district had benefited liim so much. It had not only enabled him to get a wife, but, thanks to the conference and others, it had done him good in health when he was unwelL After the six weeks' residence he had had at Healesville he was considerably better, and he hoped he would go on improving. Those of them who might visit Healesville would of course know that they would have a friend there now, and if ever he could render them a sen-ice there or auywheie iu the circuit he would bs only too glad to do so. (Mr Bai ningham resumed his seat amid loud and continued applause.) Mr Morey next sang a very pretty salo, and in excellent stj le, Consider the lilies, how they grow." Air Morey was in good voice, and he pleased his audicnce so much that he was loudly applauded when he sat down. The Chairman: The next address is one which we will all be pleased to hear. It is from the President of the Shire. (Applause. ) Mr White, who on ascending the platform was received with several hearty rounds of applause, said they had heard something about anniversaries and the different ages of men, but, looking at brother Barningham. he should think he had got the figures as to his age reversed. He thought his a 2e should be 48 instead of 24. (LaSghter.) He nad been telling him that he would soon be combing lus head with a toweL (laughter ) His (ifi VVhite's) r^oU^tio^ irSKSi went back only tea years bat ther^ 1 ad been great changes in that time. Their church then was the buildine which was now the printing-office, — — and - -- if -he were to open a book—(Mr Barningham: "Don't" f Z L ^ l l , C S8id fae g^e him 'a quarter of an hour's start, and that he beat him by quarter of an hour. But was it so ? He woiJd start off one way with one sister, w ould go the other way with the other sister. But they landed it on the same day. (Hear, hear, and great laughter.) Since then they had made^roress in church matters, but not as much as aey moo lurch tie church if^ey4uld git sufficS^* together. They got them, and erected the building they were then in. This l thought, was the third anniversary in' tT new church, but some of them, u h 0 co Ul,l throw their recollections ba=k to those tbit ^^one before, would recollect that tl£ * Plea^nt evenings. ( UZ. y l^rIndifferent subjects had Been ®f that, evening, and there were C ways of letting Oie.r influence and m S be felt They should not go and carry tW convictions into the enemy's camp, and si I am temperaie you must b c ^m ^ , was only this week that hc" liad been struck by gome lectures that uJl being given in Melbourne on Theosonhv lectures on the Parsee, Hindoo, and Buddi^ religions. Christians could not help bein. struck with the intense enthusiasm, and tfc energy and fauaticisin of the followers ,,f those religions. The way they chin* to thi doctrines of those religions was remarkab^ That was the very place where Chri Sti au: were weak. If they were imbue! with t] le Eastern spirit of earnestness, and the earnestness of Paul and the Apostles, an,5 those who sacrificed their lives at .Smith field and other places, they would find that the Churchy of Christ would go on tri um. phantly. Not until they became so fiU e,j and so permeated with the spirit of Christ could they expect to see their churchcs progress. He had often thought it woul,? be a good thing for the churches if a goo i persecution took placa. Why ? Because if they looked at a beehive they would see the workers throwing out the drones, aud j( something similar were to take place in tho churches they would then know who li aj the armour on. That was the cause, h e believed, of the stagnation in the work of Jesus to-day. There were not three-tenths of the population attending the churches to-day. Why? Where should they look for the cause of it ? He believed it because Christians did net live up to their privileges and professions. Paul saj,j " Live np to your profession, for you are surrounded by a cloud of witnesses." Xhoy should remember that they were sunouudeii and beheld by a cloud of witnesses. Jf e did not care .about making public speeches, but fhe thought that when opportunities were given them they should stite whit they thought. He was nst alluding to their own church only, but to other churchcs. They should be up aud doing, ami there should be no sectarian differences, 'fhe principal topic of to-day was Federation. The greatest statesmen in the colonics h*ii been meeting in conference ami fniniin-r laws and regulations for forming .his grand country into one great Commonwealth. (Applause.) Speaking of military forces, if they were to be officered by one man, so that our whole military streifth could be thrown here or there, to this point or that—if this Kederatiou and unity w;\= good politically, how much better would it be for the Church of Christ ? They should form themselves into one company, under one captain, and be a Federated Church. They might call themselves by different names, but they should be uuited — they should be Federated. (Applause.) He thought the churches should arrange to meet periodically, not only here, but everywhere, and then they would be filled with the Spirit of their Maker. Let them go to the Si rong for strength, so that they might battle for the Cross of Christ, aud for spiritual liberty. (Loud Applause.) " After this very able address by Mr White," as the Chairman remarked, Miss Leuba sang sweetly Oh, Rest in the Lord.'' Her effort was a great treat, and her auditors energetically expressed their delight. Mr Westacott then rose to propose a series of votes of thanks. Firit, lo the .ladies, who had given him very great encouragement since he came to Lilydale. But ou this occasion they had come forward splendidly and iu good numbers, aud \\\iey had done exceedingly well. Next came ilic Chairman, and he was very pleased to h ivc the pleasure and the honor of having the manager of the Colonial Bank for chairman. He had done Ithe greatest honor, and he could heartily place him uext to the ladies. Then he mustthauk Mr Barningham. and then the choir—Mesdames Westacott, J. C. C. Jones, T. Oliver and Bowker, Misses Leuba (2), Le Page (2), Messrs G. R. White (leader). Morey, T. Oliver and Huston. The jrg.uiis: (Miss Westacott) also deserved their thauk*. but he would thank her specially at home. Next, he must thank the friends who had come to their help on this occasion. Tiny had done handsomely aud well. OJC nf the young ladies, Miss Le Page, h i 1 dune extremely well. She had worked very hard. He was sorry that Mr Button was not there then, but he had worked very hard and very willingly during the day. Finally, lie must thank the Press. The Press could do a great deal of good or a great deal of harm. It could help a minister greatly, or it could hinder him in his work very inuch. However, the Press had always been very kind to him, and had given hiui a great deal of assistance. He was especially grateful to the Press in Lilydale. Mr Wm. Oliver had great pleasure in seconding the motion. Mr Lincoln, at the invitation of the chairman. responded for the Press, lie thanked Mr Westacott for all the kiud things he had been good enough to say about the Press, but thought Mr Westacott had been a little too generous iu his praises iu regard to ihc Press. He excused himself for making his reply brief on the ground that the business of a pressman was not that of a speechmaker, but that of a speech-taker. The proceedings terminated by the choir very ably rendering In Jewry is God Known." W r e would recommend the Lilydale foot, bailers ta play well together, unselfishly, and to mind their little marks. Their little marking is very bad at preseut—it could scarcely be worse. Mauy of their rivals in the district are much better'iu this braucli of the game. Lloyd, Hutton, MortoD, and Robertson are four men who we have noticcd play a good and unselfish game. Captain Young, of the Salvation Army, farewells iu Lilydale to-morrow week immediately prior to leaving the district. She is a very popular officer, aud has been here two months longer than is usually allowed. Six months is the allotted time, but this favorite has remained here for eight mouths. She has got a good corps around her, aud has kept them together welL During her time, too, the baud lias improved, and several brass instruments have been added to the band. The juvenile review and great spread in connection with the Salvation Army takes place in the Rechabite Hall. Lilydale, tonight, to-morrow, aud Monday. A h'o time is anticipated. Visiting officers of high rank will take part. It will come as a great surprise among the many friends of Mounted-constablc Sharp to learn that he is about to leave Lilydale, having beeu transferred to the Wangaratta station. Mounted - coustable Sharp has been stationed in Lilydale for about 18 months, during which time he has proved himself au efficient officer, aim has also made many friends. While this officer's departure will be regretted by many, It will be learnt with pleasure that Mounted - Constable Tait will succce.t Mounted- constable Sharp, these officers having exchanged stations. Mounted-constable Tait will probably arrive in Lilydaw to-day. " At. the Lilydale Police Court, yesterday, before Messrs J. Lithgow (presiding). Hunter and Macintyre, J's.P., M r ' , Axford proceeded against a man nauieu Taylor for the recovery of £2 Is Sd for goods sold and delivered. A verdict WM entered for "the amount claimed, with as costs. Mr J. Baker, J.P., of Wandin, proceeded against R. Ranuard for a debt ot £3 Ss. An order, with 5s costs, was made. These were the only cases on the list, 