PASS PITHILY put. Fire. ; 3hij»IaryT ?- ^ ^ Joh n Hancock, Prahran market \- Esplanade tramway. Tobacconists' boom in fires* Begister -or goto gaol— which? The Canlfield council meets to-night. . ** Stay be w— about four months hence., Benjamin and Bcbecca Ellis in evidence. Tbe composer Beethoven was stone deal Claws in tbe will— Fingcrsotthelawyera. Burglaries and robberies as common as ever. Never tickle an unmuazlcd dog with a Btraw. i The Prahran city overdraft is £3,554 14s. id. There are eighteen thousand cabmen in London. Oar Gallery of Portraits tobe revived on Saturday. A new Government loan of £3,000,000 for Victorie. House full of life ia Williams-toad— ' not human, /'Joseph Christian disturbs christians— ; Salvationists. i When the doctors disagree—the coroner j usually decides. £10,000,000 worth of property is yearly lost by fire in England. Sacred Heart bazaar at St. Kilda netted i £900. Well dene, ladies t ' Lord Selborne, when Attorney-General, earned over £30,000 a year. Many bodily disorders could be avoided , if people would only take air. j Dr. Youl held 416 inquests last year, 200 being caused directly by drink. Prahran Pony and Galloway Baccs next Friday — good programme of events. The sum of £500 was paid to jurymen acting on inquests during last year. A boy wants a situation in an eating boose. Be understands tbe business. Tbe familiar Cathedral boarding in Swanston-street is rapidly disappearing. Ex-Cr, Georg J Young refuses to resign his trusteeship of the St. Kilda cemetery. The Prabrau council has given its pat ronage to the Prahran Orchestral Socicty* Even the laziest of men can usually see some work tbat some other fellow ought to do. Prahran library to remain closed another week — aud then look out for an improve* moot. Phrenological sketch in another column of Mr. John Hancock, the hero of the Great Strike. A close reader— one who always borrows his neighbour's paper, being too close to buy one. Out of the currcnt rate for Prahran of £3G,898 the sum of £1,201 has been collected. Tbe Ozone chartered for the St. Kilda Tradesmen's excursion to Sorrento on tbe 5th prox. ltis a wise child that goes out of the room to laugb when the old man smashes his thumb. Br. Fclherston is down on Chapel-strect rowdies. Tivo months without the option. Keep it up, doctor, Prahran council gives £30 towards a verandah for the pavilion in the Grattau street bowling green, Cr. Jones says Prahran can get nothing from the railway commissioners but a snub, Bpeigbt again ! Complaints arc being made with regard to the wretchcd gas now being supplied by tbe Metropolitan Gas Company. Phineas T, Barnum, tbe world's great showman, is reported on bis death bed. P.T. must be a ripe old age by this. We suppose nothing will be done with the seaweed nuisance at St. Kilda till the winter time — looks like it, anyhow. Elderly Suitor—' 1 have spoken to your mother, Helen, and ? ' Helen—' Ob, I'm so glad. Bid she accept you ? ' Tbe balance of the purchase money for tbe corporation tip in Pohlman-strect bas been passed by the Prahran council. Boys fined for bathing in the Tana at Toorak. Dr. Fetherslou says the beneb will impose heavy penalties next time. Electric lighting in Prahran going to be a failure— so councillors fear, and all through the apathy of the lighting company Tbe South Melbourne refase dcstructor promises to be a success. Why not St. Kilda and Prahran negotiate for the use of it. Laughter, merriment, cheerfulness, and everything that conduces to cheerfulness, are absolutely essential to euablc us to live our best. Cr. Maddock docs'nt think it advisable to slap the rail way commissioners in the face* until the Prahran council have got all they want out of them. On our fifth page (supplementary sheet) appears an interesting story entitled ' The Barber's Ghost,' together with a quantity of other reading matter. Lovely weather we are getting. Aud yet Mr. Haytcr says that our climate is equal to that of Kice and other favored spots of Southern Butope. ' Daniel or Katlianiel' was asked of a witness in the Prabran court on Monday, recalling vivid remembrances of tbe cele brated Bardcll v. Pickwick ease. Bcferring to tbe death of Mr. John Musgrove, the actor, the Affi' says 'he leaves a wife and six children to mourn hit loss.' Bather rough on the unfortunate | man. | Prahran council still pegging away at : the Railway Commissioners to remove the gatekeeper's bouse from tbe lino of the public thoroughfare at Malvern aud Orrong roade. There is to he an .intercolonial ladies*' cricket match ou the Melbourne ground next month. Each player is to get £1 per day, so it is said. A pound with a club would do more good. Mrs. Petersen, of Balaclava, deserves a vote of thanks. This lady, noticiog a carter driving a badly-crippled horse, put the police on to the brute (tho man of coarse) and he was fined £2. a west Australian ojacx ooy nas, witn out leave, taken his departure from tbe abode of Mr. George Nasova, of the Avenue, Balaclava, The police have been asked to take the runaway. Messrs. Ecilly & Mayne, of Queen-street, i Melbourne, are advertising for on 'office boy, age 12 to 18, totth- jirflcitiu* ofticfi crpcrienec? Here's a subject for the Nati res conference* to discuss, A Port Melbourne J.P, was nearly mn over by a reckless driver the other day, and tbe Jehu was fined fire shillings. Humph 1 J's. r. arc cheap. . Yon could probably kill one for a sovereign— at Port Melbourne. An attempt was made daring Sunday night to rob tbe sbop of Messrs, Thomas and Co., grocers, etc., at Armadale. The place was broken into, bnt the thieves wcro alarmed by tbe sight watchman and dc camped. ' Cr. Hunte complains of some of tho ' beastly things' .miscalled elms which .are planted in some of the streets. He says that they are withered aud stunted— unlike the chairman of the gardens com mittee, Or. Osment, .43fc, -HaUfcetrs1 -Sunday'Soboo^'P^hranj wpstlie most, successful at the .November. . examination -held in connection with the ? Church of England 6unday*school Associa tion, Tbe names of local priie-takers ate published in to-days' issue. A youug woman named Grace JSarl, em ployed as a domtstfc At 193 Commercial road, South Yarra, had ber pockets picked of two gold rings. 'and a cheque for £5 last Thursday afternoon, whilst standing watch ing a fight between two men. Mr. S. Bryant's letter eulogising tbe Prahran Library apon tbe improvements now being effected is to hand. The im provements having been referred to fully in Saturday's issue, the publication of tbe letter is rendered unnecessary; The traffic manager of the railways has issued a notice to stationmaster's, calling upon them to put down tbe slamming door nuisance, and likewise to see that ticket takers and porters generally assume a more respectful demeanour. And tbat'B about all we'll hear of it, ' The Pialirau council have informed the manager of the Equitable Store, Chapel street, that as the grocers of the city bad not by a petition of a majority obtained the passing of a bye-law for the extension of tbe hours for keeping opeu their sbop the council can afford him no relief. Last Friday afternoon, No. 332 Punt road, South Yarra, was visited by thieves, three £10 notes, two suits of clothes, and a dress being stolen. The thief also ex changed a pair of boots in tbe bouse. Walter Mate, and Alfred Swale, arc des cribed as the owners of the stolen property. A fire broke oub about 1 a.m. on Friday ia the stables of Mr. Buckburst, Kooyong road, Caulfield, which were completely destroyed. The Caulfield Nos. 1 and 2 brigades were first to arrive, followed by the Sb. Kilda No. 2, East Prabran, Prahran, Windsor, and Brighton brigades. The cause of the fire is uuoccounted for. TVftm to the plough, Wife to the sow, Bon to tbe flail, Daughter to ths pail, Aad your reata will be netted But man tally- ho, Daughter piano, Son Greek and Latin, Wife silk and satin, A&d; you'll soon he gazetted. 