SYDNEY FLYING SQUADRON YACHT CLUB. The first race in connection with the recently formed Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht Club for 20 to 26ft. boats, was sailed on Saturday afternoon over the three-miles triangular course, which forms one of the features of the new club, viz., from Clark Island, round Shark Island, across to Taylor Bay, and then past Bradley's Head to the starting point. If Saturday's success is to be taken as an augury, the club has a bright future before it. A very large number of people were conveyed to Clark island, from which to view the races, while one steamer which could not get near enough to the shore to land her passengers, carried several hundred folk about the harbor all the afternoon, fol- . lowing the several heats. Two things, however, the club should see too. One is the erection of some landing-place at the Island— this might be accom- pllshed, even if the building of a grand-stand was not allowed— and the other, that the races are started to time. The first set of boats on Saturday should have been sent away at 3 o'clock, but it was half-an-hour after that before the signal flag " get ready " was hoisted. As a result, the final heat was not concluded till close on 6 o'clock. With regard to racing, the first heat was a hollow affair, but the second and final were productive of volumes of excitement. Closer finishes in a yacht race no one could wish to see. The distinguishing sails on the craft were dis- tinctly handy from a spectator's point of view. With them all were able to follow the race closely, but they were much the reverse of pretty. Following is a resume of the racing First Heat.— In this heat four boats only started— viz., Grace Darling, 20ft. (sailed by D. A. Hansen), 3min handicap ; Violet, 22ft. (G. Holmes), l 1/2min. ; Massilia, 24ft (C. P. M'Conville), 1/2min. ; and Volun teer, 24ft. (J. Robinson), scratch. The Ghost, 24ft., 2 1/2min., which should also have been a competitor, got away last, and made no attempt to contest the event. After going over the course she wound up a very erratic journey by upsetting. Fortunately none of e crew were at any time in danger. Tho Violet was pushing the Grace Darling very hard crossing Rose Buy, but her jib went at a critical moment, and none of the other craft showing to advantage the race finished U3 it commenced, thus Grace Darling, 1 ; Massilia, 2 ; Volunteer, 3. Second heat.— Five boats started. The Maritana, 20ft. (O. Taylor), 3 1/2 min. ; Kanonook. 26ft. (Mark Foy), I 1/2min. ; Our Own, 24ft. (S. Hellings), 1 1/2min. ; Regina, 24ft. (George Parrett), 1/2min. ; Mantura, 24ft. (Christopher Webb), scratch An accident happened to the Marltaua at Llio outset just after she crossed the line and she at once retired. Tlio four other craft made a grund fight of it. and the way tho Kannnook and Mantura especially were huudlcd was excellent. On the run from Bradley's houic the race was, to paraphrase a horsey term, "bow and bow," aud that the Kananook came in first was no discredit to tho crew of the MantunL As the finishing line was crossed tlie order was : — Kananook, 1; Mantura, 2; Our Own, 3; Regina, ;4. Final Heat.— The first and second boats in the two previous heats, Grace Darling and Massilia, and Kananook and Mantura contested this— from first to last one of the best yacht races the harbor has seen. At the start, for the first half-mile, it seemed as if the Grace Darling had been too lightly handi capped ; but in the run across the second mile to Taylor Bar the three boats behind had closed up, and the third mile was commenced in this order :— Grace Darling, Masallia, Kananook and Mantura. Then the struggle commenced in earnest. Squaresalls und balloons were set, nnd the boats literally flew over the water, the first quarter-mile seeing the four on equal terms. Then the Grace Darling fell In. the rear, and a sce-saw race between the remaining three followed. . First the Kananook, then the Man tura, then the Massilin led, turu and turn about ; but nearing home the lastunmcd was gradually going in front when tho gaff gave, and she dropped back to level terms. The centreboard was taken up and every spare inch of canvas possible set, but to no purpose. The three boats approached the goal still on even terms, but the extra spread of canvas carried by the Mantura made the most of a final puff of wind, and she was carried in a winner by a boat's nose, or in yachting description proper, by about half a second. The Kananook was beaten for second place by about the same distance, the Grace Darling sailing in about 5sec. in the rear. Had the accident not happened to the Massilia she must have won, but as it was, to Mr. C. Webb, who sailed the scratch boat, much credit is due for his really excel lent handling of her. 