FLASHLIGHTS7 [By Focns'Esi.] : : . Honors divided. Tho labor party. Member Rose wants to cut down Civil Service salaries. : Fight impending between Chinese : and British troops on tho , Burmese [ frontier. -' The London press characterise the Rural Conference as a unique and in assembly. Mr. Black : I am not a freetrader nor - a protectionist, l am a socialist ! — ? Hansard. ; The Orange Leader is not half so cocky since the defeat of tho broken Reid party. . Mrs. H. M. Stanley and her mother, Mrs. Tcnnant, are staying at tho i .'? . Carrington Hotel, Katoomba. Many of the Sydney tailors who struck . , work have g'ane to the country or obtained employment in other places. ? ?; Premier Dibbs will introduce a short ; Act validating all marriages which tho : recent Supreme Court rnliug has made : illegal. ' . General Von Caprivi, the German ' Chancellor, says that tho wars of tho .. future will have to be fought through the -.-? ;? tariffs. ? - :?';'?- ' You'd make a fine scarecrow.' said : one Waterloo alderman to another. 'I'll: scaro you,' was the reply in an agreeable. .' i ' . undertone. . ; ' ' i: A certain lady 13 so inconsolable for i the death of her husband 1ihat Svhen'sho ?.'?. plays tho piano she only touches the :: black keys. : In China dogs are raised mainly . for ? their skins. In this country many .'.' people seem to keep them principally for their bark. ' A man named John Jenkins was arrested in Melbourne on Friday, charged with larceny as a baillie, on a warrant issued in 1876. . : Parkes says: he has always retained pleasant memories of. Kiama. That is only natural. It was there he raised the notorious 'ghost.' . .. The Premier hopes to be able to in troduce his Courts of Conciliation Bill; and the bill dealing with cancerous meat ; during this week. ? ? ? ' ' The British Rural Conference ask for , allotments for laborers, fixity ef tenure, compensation for improvements and ;the establishment of parish councils. Mr. Reid said on Friday that ;the . head of the Government had driven his. ? fiscal wedge into the very, heart of the ? ' - labor party and split it up. : ? In the conrse of his speech on ; Friday morning, Mr. Reid said that Sir Henry Parkes could never brand him with the disgrace of having been his colleague. ? - ?- ? ?-??-. : The German Chancellor' introduced his Commercial Treaties. Bill, into the. Reichstag on Thursday: He said that the military and naval expenses prevented : economising. . ' -.\ .';' 'Unless he manages to oust Mr. ; , Dibb3 from his position at the head of the protectionists, the days of Sir Henry I Parkes' political leadership and political influence in this colony are at an end.' — Daily Telegraph. Bell and Davis, the Sydney laventers, owe their escape to Honolulu to accident. The Marshal oE Police had gone for a holiday and taken their photographs with them, and so they couldn't bo identified. Careful folks, the Japanese. Their crm'sers -travel under sail, and only uso their engines on emergencies. What an , enormous amount of coal the British/ warships use up unnecessarily^ by the way. ? -Advertise freely, U Don't display ?y -.. VnM'ty or - '?' o :Eg°t'sm ty , ? l p Refusing ' ' T° do so daily. ...A . Improve biz by l ^ .. T Stca-1y «ds., and in the - :? End you must get on.. Designs by the Advocate, any sort, free oa application. ...... ' s 