Sitting Bull and His Ways. ' The Red-man troubles (says the Pall Mall Gazette) have existed for ninny years. The pre sent crisis is due, firstly, to bad -faith on the part of the American Government in supplying in sufficient food of poor quality : secondly, to tho way in which the Sioux have been cheated out of their landa without receiving the promised recompense ; and thirdly, to the frenzied prophecies of visionaries, who find the ground very well prepared for the reception of their mystical outpourings, " ghost dances," and all the rest of it. The sale of tl.e Sioux lands was recently the Bubject of a treaty negotiated by General Crook — who is affectionately styled by tribesmen " the Indian's friend" — which would confer countless benefits, it waB represented, on the Sioux. Ultimately they were induced (not without misgivings) to sign that treaty ; and within a month the Government issue of rations and other supplies, with annuities and so forth, were cut down to the tune of £3,000,000 sterling a year ! General Ciook, who had always acted . in good faith, took this dishonorable cheesepar ing policy so much to heart that his grief is said to have hastened hiB death. The present imbro glio is also due in port perhaps to the ab sence of anyone so well equipped for the delicate task of conciliation as Genera Crook. It is no easy matter to manage Indians. Ignorant, suspicious, and mischievous, they are yet shrewd to resent what tliey consider an in sult. They will beg tobacco, for instance, shamelessly ; but they are humiliated if their request 5b denied. Canada's policy towards the Red-men has been framed on more humane and straightforward lines than that of the United States, but the Sioux who entered the Dominion with Sitting Bull some years ago were trouble some, for a time, now and then. Sitting Bull, who Iibb been styled by American journalism " the Napoleon of the Red skins," is undoubtedly a born leader of men, a fact which has been proved over and over aguin in many a sortie by the great chief and his braves. It is the penalty of greatness— even in the case of cut throat Bavage warrior — to be misrepresented ; and Sitting Bull cannot complain on this score, for he has been gibbeted (in print) from time to time as a loafer, a dude, a thief, a graduate of Yale, a graduate of West Pont, a ' coffee cooler" (whatever that may be), a brave man, and an : « i'i ant coward. About 1867 Sitting Bull was a blanket warrior on the pluins. He was bold and independent, and despised the whites. Two years later he begau to attract attention. One or his tribe was murdered — ns he said — in ' cold blood." He met General Morrow for a " pow wow" on the subject, and tho General forseeing the difficulties that must arise, consented to " cover" the body— that is, he piled blankets and presents over the corpse until Sitting Bull declared himself satisfied. From his indepen dent and fearless action on this occasion his success may be dated. His forces immediately began to grow in numbers aud in influence, and ultimately he found himself at the head of one of the most powerful tribes of the plains. He made his camp in the wilds, allowed no white visitors to his territory, and wished simply to be left alone. He never asked the Government for favors. He lived on the Yellowstone River, claiming all the laud along that stream and its tributaries. In 1875 and 1876 a trifling squab ble (such as may usually he found at the root of these quarrels) led to a prolonged and bitter struggle. Entrenching his forces around Fort Pease, the beleaguered garrison at last found themselves face to face with an even more re doubtable enemy than Sitting Bull— they were in peril of starvation. At great risk they man aged to send a message jfor relief. When Sitt ing Bull heard that the troops were on. the way he gave a proiniso that if, &b; he imagined, the soldiers were only coming to take away the white men, not a gun should be fled and the be- seiged men should be suffered to depart in peace. That promise was honorably kept, but as soon as the evacuation was complete the great chief burned the fort to the ground. War wub de clared against Sitting Bull, ami the rash attack on him by General Custer (who lost his life and his whole command) at the bnttle of Little Big Home (25th Junr, 1876)' is matter of history Of Sitting Bull's conduct during the fight there are conflicting accounts.; but immediately after it he broke up his village and Hed to the moun tains. After1 doingall he could to keejr l>>e Country he was forced to give it up, a.mTb seek refuge under the BrilisLflag. Ouce in Canada, Sitting . Bull and his" people longed to return to the States. Sitting Bull's method of dealing with his male captives was as follows: — The wretched victim was fied to a tree or. down on tbe: ground. His longue was then torn out, and his sinews cut from arm and leg and bound round his feet, and while he still breathed a fire was kiudled on his stomach. After the rebel lion some enterprising impresario started a sort of circuB show with Sitting Bull as the central figure, and such was the execration in which he was held that at the first performance the chief was shot at. No wonder that in war with Red Indians the white horseman reserves the last chamber of bis revolver for himself. In per sonal appearance (says a writer who knows him well) Sitting Bull is about 5ft. 8in. tall, and bis weight is 1801b. A shot in the hip some years ago has somewhat shortened his left leg, and causes him to walk with a limp. He is 56 years old, and of a sulky disposition. When talking it is his habit to squat down on his heels — whence his name. His neck is short and thick, liis head large, his face full, and his fore head high. His eyes are deep-set, and he does not care to look a stranger in the face save when he is angry, when he glares with eyes that burn like hot coal. He is a burly and remarkable Indian, whom many consider a great man. 