FOR CECIL'S SAKE. ,UnAPTI:a Iii. " You have heard, I suppose, that old Mr. Armytago has set his heart upon my marriagn with his grandchild ?" "Yes, Miss Armytnge told me that," said Vera, studying the moody face with seroenely conutemplative eyes, and thinking within herself what an extraordinary old man Mr. Armytago must be. "IHe first suggested the idea to me," wont on Israel, twisting a spray of jasmine in his white, cruel-looking hands. " A proposition not to be re jested by a man who could coarcely have aspired to Miess Armytago's hand without direct encouragement." "Do you wish the marriage only to please your powerful client thouen ?" Veronica put the point-blank ques tion with a look as direct and search. ing, and an irrepressible touch of scorn in the clear voice. "By no means," said Israel eagerly. He had wished Vera, at least, to think that his suit to Kate was diplo matio, his heart at her disposal; but when his interests and his passion threatened to slash, the Jonah passion went overboard remorselessly and at once. " By no means, my dear Miss Lud. low. Your cousin has my esteem, re spect, and affection. I only meant to suggest that, without Mr. Armytage's warm support, I should hardly have dared to-to put my passion into words," "You have not spoken to Kate yet ?" "No. I have with me the letter in which her grandfather " "Woo your bride by proxy," inter rupted the girl, impatiently. " Well, Mr. Ramsden ? Surely you have all the moral support that you ean wish. Her guardian's consent, her mother's. There remains no possible way in which I can serve your cause." "Yes, one, You can tell me if I have a rival 2" A moment's pause, in which Vero nioa rapidly reviewed the situation, deciding what to tell and what to leave untold. " You have, and a dangerous one," she answered boldly; while a cruel light leaped up in Israel's dark bright eyes. "That young parson follow," he said with a sneer. " It's part of his professional duty to flirt with all the pretty girls about, is it not ? I took him for a harmless, tame cat sort of creature." "Then you mistook him altogether," cried lMiss Ludlow, sharply. For though she had enlisted under the banner of the man lshe disliked, and meditated mischief to the one for whom she had a sincere respect and sympathy, the implied disparagement irritated and annoyed her. " Frank Beauclers is an upright, honourable gentleman I " she cried, holding her head very high, and look ing extremely haughty. "A man any girl ni6hi lure, nu-- " She did.not add "And Kato Armytage loves him," but the abrupt break-down, the quick nod of the dark head, finished the eso-utoues almost as significantly. She saw with malicious pleasure that Israel's face grew very pale. " 'T2hen I shall speak to-night," lhe said decisively, in a hard metallic .voice, very unlike the dulcet tones that had hitherto saluted Veronica's ear; "Miss Armytago will hardly do.e oline to listen to her grandfather." " And yet such instauces of disc bedionuco have boon known, even in his own family." "And Mr. Armytage has known how to punish them," said the lawyer with significant emphasis. " Listen to me, Miss Ludlow. I know you to be a very clover girl ; I know you to be deeply interested in all your cousin's fortunes." Even then it cost him a distinct effort to pronounce those words-gave him a distinct pang to see the con oesiouc smile on Veronica's ripe red mouth. "And knowing this, I ask you to be my friend. If Kate marries me sheb will be grdindfather's heiress; but both his nephews will be advanced in the world, and a liberal provision will be made for their mother. If she re fuses me-well there is nothing but ruin for them all I " "But what can I do ? " said Vero nica blankly ; "I canl only persuade and-" "You can do more than that, you can contrive," said Israel, with a look of devilishounning. " Come, Miss Lud low, kehoop the parson out of my path; bring Kate and me together, and that long- legged soldier-boy shall have his step before he is a year older." It was a big bribe to offer the am bitious and affectionate girl, and being an indirect one, the taking it seemed a shade less base. But .the bright eolour faded from her face, and her lips quivered, as she said faintly " I-I will do my best, Mr. Rams den; but we will not talk any more of this just now." Israel bowed gravely, and felt in heart that the compact was signed and sealed. A little later he stood in the same place again, but this time with a mere reluctant and less tractable com panion. Kate Armytage could hardly refuse her grandfather's favourite and her own old friend the valse for which ho asked but at its conclusion she had hoped to return to her place by Frank Beauclere's side, and inwardly re sented the cool tone of authority with which her present companion had overruled all her objections, and con ducted her out there. So she rumained pettishly silent perversely indifferent to the sylvan beauty of the scene, and thesoft soplon dour of the August night-and wholly irresptonsive to the earossing softuess, the mingled flattery and tendorness of her companion's; tone. " Oh, dear, I am engaged so many deep, Mr. Ihesmden, I must ask you to take me back to thee ball-rooms!" shie cried abruptly, and very much to thi detriment of a sugary spuech then in course of delivery, and drawing, lher. lower-biound, snowy, silken . trawie round her with a childishly impatient gesture. But Mr. Ramsden let the gesture pass unheeded, and stood in her path with a very terrifying purpose in his face. " Stay a little longer," he said very quietly, but with so much authority in his look and tone that Kate felt eceape altogether out of the question. With a feeble effort at rebellion, however, sheo declined the eoat to which he pointed, and stood before himn pouting and flushing like an angry child, and twisting the bouquet of Marochal Neil roses, Frank Beau elere's gift, in her tremulous white gloved hand. "Forgive me, Kate, but I must speak to you to-night. I leave Min sterbury to-morrow, and I have a message from your grandfather to give." There was little to encourage a nervous lover in the quick look of relief that flashed across the pretty eloquent face ; but Mr. Ilamsden was not nervous, nor was he a lover in any ordinary acceptation of the term. "Oh, if you are going," Kate said with returning graciousness, " of course, Mr. Ramsden, I will stay for five or ton minutes. Not longer, or my partuners will think me so rude." "Five or ten minutes will let me tell you what I have to say. Kate, you have known me all your life ?" " Nearly all," Kate interrupted sharply. Not that the interruption served her, or helped to stave off that which she felt was coming, but it gratified the impulse of defiant contradiction that possessed her at the moment. "Nearly all your life then," re peated Mr. Ramsden with grave fervour. "And in all these years, Kate, have you never guessed what you have grown to me ?" " A little girl to whom you were very kind-a young woman in whom you are still kindly interested," cried Kate, clasping her flowers convulsively and looking up with big frightened eyes. "Nothing more than that I hope and trust. Oh, Mr. Ramsden ! please do not make love to me. It would be too cruelly absurd." " Would it ?" said Israel between his tooth. " Other people are not of your opinion, Miss Armytage." " Are they not?" said Kate, defi antly. " That matters the less, Mr. Ramsden, as the decision rests wholly with me." " But does it ?" was the audacious answer. " I am not one to go beg ging for any woman's love, or thrust unwelcome attentions upon anyone. But you are not a woman, Kate; you are hardly a responsible being, only a foolish, headstrong, ignorant child, and your guardians have chosen for you. Kate tried to speak, to answer the insolent words as insolently, but in dignation literally tied her tongue. She stood white as a ghost in the white moonlight, surveying her rough wooer with shining passion, darkened eyes, and lips scornfully seat in mute dofance. "If you marry me," Israel Rams den went on placidly, " I say nothing of my happiness or my efforts to maket you happy-nothing, since you forbid it, of my deep and passionate love but you will obey your grandfather and your mother, and restore the for tunes of your fallen family. Is there nothing to tempt you in that pros. poet ?' " Yes, there was much, sufficient to make the poor little tender heart ache, and bring the tears' to the soft grey eyes. For Kate know that all he said was true. Her grandfather's heart was set on this marriage, her mother advocated it eagerly, all her little world would smile upon the match, and she was of a weakly, yielding dis position, accustomed always to subject her own will to that of others. But now shabe had not to fight for herself only-there was Frank. And at the thought of Frank her Sred lips quivered piteously. Mr. Ramsden saw the tears and noticed the spasmodic twitch, and read in both a sign of welcome weak uses. She was yielding, he thought. It was time to drop the bullying 1 tone he had adopted, and try a little I coaxing "Kate-little Kateo-forgive me I I was a brute to frighten you. It is natural you should think me old, and, as you say, ' absurd I ' " "Not youe-I did not say you were absurd I" cried impulsive Kate, Stouched by the self-depreooiation and painful humility of his tone; "only, that-that any talk of love between us would be- " " Becauce of the gulf of yearc be tween us. Ah I Kate, believe me, I could teach you to forget that. And if there is no one else-" "But there is I" broke in Kate, lift ing her hot face bravely. "Be gene rous, Mr. Ramsden, and do not persecute me when I tell you that that it is no longer possible for me to give you what you ask for." Israel Ramsdon was an excellout actor. The start with which he resoived the information, the"look of sombre melan I choly and acute dicappointment that settled, cloud- like, on his handsome fise, would have made his fortune on the melo-dramatic stage, and when he turned his head abruptly aside, as though to conceal the traces of intoler able pain, Kate's tender heart was thrilled with pity and remorse. "Oh 0 forgive me, Mr. Rlameden," I she cried, with a little pitiful break in the fresh girlish voice. " I have beon very hard and unjust to you. I did not think you cared." I He turned, with a harsh, bitter laugh, and caught her hand in his. "Not cars I" he cried with passionate emphasis. Then, ohecking himself abruptly, he went on in a changed and gentler tone "There is nothing to forgive, Kate. I have acted like a fool, but I can take my punishmont like a man. Only you must not forget your old friend in dislike to your would-be lover. You must not grow to hate me, Kate." " Hate you I" Kate nearly choked over the re. peated phrase. She had never been so near to lov. uing the man with whose mortification she sympathised acutoly, as at this moment. "I shall like you always, Mr. Ilamsdon ; and-and-oh I please for give me." As she looked upward with the childish prayer and clasped her two little hands upon the man's strong wrist, the moonlight fell on the pretty flower- wreathed head and prettier pleading face, with its shining tear wet eyes, flushed cheeks, and parted lips, touching thorem all with fresh and tender beauty. She forgot for the moment what her offence was, only remembering that she had offended this life-long friend of hers, and could not be happy until she had obtained his forgiveness. And so, when in answer to her eagerly- repeated prayer, he suddenly bent forward, as on an irresistable impulse, and pressed a kiss upon her flower-like face, clasping her for one moment closely to him, with a muttered " God bless you, child, and make you happy in your own fashion," she was hardly startled by, and cer tainly did not resent, the action, which she took for one of abnegation and farewell. Perhaps she would have beoon less placid had she aeon the white tortured face framed momentarily in the door way, or heard the fierce cry of incre dulous pain that broke from Frank Beauelero's lips, as Veronica's hand touched his wrist and led him gently away. "But, but," he cried wildly, " there is some mistake, Miss Ludlow. Only to-night-" "You thought she loved you ? and so, poor child, she did," said Veronica, sadly; " but this marriage is a family arrangement, Mr. Beauolere ; a thing impossible to upset." " Nothing is impossible," said Frank, looking very white and wicked. " Why should she be sacrificed to her family ? " Veronica shrugged her shoulders, tapping one shapely-slippered foot im patiently on the floor. "I had no hand in the arrangement, sir, and as you see, ' Iphigenia' goes willingly to her doom I " Frank ground a bitter word between his teeth, and turned discourteously away. CIIAPTER IV. "It is all for their good," and "It is for Cecil's sake." With these two stock phrases of consolation Veronica Ludlow essayed to soothe the conscience-ache that came to her as Frank Beanolerco turned away with the stricken look on his handsome boyish face, that haunted her dreams by night, her thoughts by day for many months to come. " I am Judas and Delilah in one," she cried, laughing hysterically at her own remorseful twinges. "But, oh, my darling, it is for you and for the beoat." She had acted on the impulse of the moment in playing traitor to her friend, or, as she told herself, fate had played dramatically into her hands. Passing the greenhouse door she was struck by the loverlike attitude of those within, and quick as thought drew her companion's attention to it. That the pretty little tableau was susceptible of immediate and honest explanation, she know full well; but no such thought came to relieve the burning sting of Frank Beauolore's jealous paiu. As he turned away, heartstrioken and ashamed, from the scene of completed treachery, he thought of Kate Armytage only as a greedy coquette, who had made him the dupe of her insatiate vanity, or as a girl who really loving him had coolly sacrificed that sacred passion to her greater love of gold, and in either character he felt that he despised her and that the fair and spotless idol of his young manhood was brokens and trampled in the dust. It was some little comfort to the guilty Veronica, to tell horself that she despised him for the easy credulity with which he accepted the proof of Kate's perfidy-the passionate pride with which he throw up every advan tage he had gained and played into his wily rival's, hand. "He is only a pettish hot-headed boy, not fit to rule himself, much loss our pretty, wilful Bate. Israel Rams den is twice as much a man. No fear of his being outwitted, or throwing down his hand while it holds one card that might win the game." And by dint of such conscience. salves liberally applied she actually did bring herself to think not only that she had anoted for the beet, but that things would turn out exactly as she wished them. But her philosophy was sorely tried by the blank disappointment on her cousin's face when she learned that Frank Beauslero had really left the ballroom, and left it without one word of exeuse or farewell. " As why should ho not, my dear?" said Mrs. Armytage, in majestic re buke of the involuntarily-shown pain. "Mr. Beauolore was not strictly speaking of our party, and I am not sure that he is altogether in place in such a scene of gaiety. What do you say, Mr. Ramoden ?" Mr. Ramsden said nothing, and Kate inwardly thanked him for that judicious forbearance. He did not look much in the sue for gaiety himself, and his tired, haggard aspect and subdued gravity of manner touched the girl through her own pain and softened her as no verbal re proaches could have done. The tears shone in her largo eyes as she turned them on him, and whis. pored, as he touched her hand at parting "Forgive me. We shall still be friends ?" "To my life's end," was the sorrow fully fervent answer. And then, as he raised his hat and moved away from the carriage-door, Mr. Ramsden congratulated himself very sincerely on the progress he had made. " The game's mine, with clever Veronica to aid me. The littls centi mental simpleton will drop into my arms like a ripe plum if we only shako the tree judiciously," ho thought, as he puffed his scented cigarette and strolled homeward through the cool freshness of the August dawn. "Ah I if Veronica were only the heiress, or if I could afford to lot love rule the roast I" And while he thus meditated on her I charms, and cursed the decrees of a capricious fate, Miss Ludlow sat tear ing viciously at the abundant silky hair that fell like a veil around her hot and troubled face, and liatening 1 with a shamed consciousness of treachery to the story of her cousin's disappointment. For Kate, wlheano ?heracter, soft and gentle as it was, had" yet a strong fibre of honest girlish pride, had kept up bravely so long as her mother's I eye was on her, only to break down when the two girls were in the safe solitude of their own chamber. " It was so strange of him, Vera," cried the poor child, piteously. " We had been so happy, and he was to have come back with us, and nowe-" " Don't be a baby, Kiate," cried Veronica, with such unusual irri tability, that Kate dried her eyes the better to indulge in an astonished stare. " A clergyman has something to do beside dancing attendance on young ladies or forming an ornament against the ball-room wall. IHe may be called to a sick bed." " Of course he may," tcried Kate, with brightening eyes. "Was he, Vera dear ? Did he tell you so 9" " He told me nothing" - very sharply, and with an impatient hair destroying tug at the ivory comb. "And, forgive me, Kitty, you really should not advertise your excessive and absorbing interest in a young man who coldly leaves you in the lurch." Kate heard the words with a be wildered look, then as their sense dawned upon her the colour rushed hotly to her face, she drew up her little figure, and held her small head ereet "How dare you, Vera," she cried, indignantly. "Have I ever given you cause to rebuke me on that score. If I am interested in Frank I have the right to be; he asked me to marry him to-night." " Oh I" whether Veronica is crushed by this overwhelming announcement or no Kate cannot tell, that dusky veil still hides her so completely "and may I ask your answer ?" Kate blushes hotly, but she will not drop her eyes or turn her face away, as she says slowly and distinctly "I love him, dearly, Vera. What could I say but ' yes ?' " "And that was the answer he ran away from," quoth Veronica medita tively. "Well, men are strange creatures-no, forgive me, Kate," she cried, throwing back her long hair and coming impulsively over to her cousin's side; " I was a wretch to talk like that; but the fact is by your long conference to-night, by the fashion of your parting, and several other insig nificant indications, I thought that you and Mr. Ramsden-" Veronica felt the little figure shiver nervously in her embrace, but Kate said nothing; the strange sarcastic tone her cousin-confidante adopted lihad chilled and frightened her. "Did he tell you nothing, Kitty ? " went on the elder girl, softly and coaxingly, and Kate, as a matter of course, yielded after a time, and with many an injunction to secrecy the story of Israel Ramaden's wooing was told. "And your grandfather urges this marriage strongly upon you ? " Vero nica asked, thoughtfully. Kate drew a letter from her packet with a very rueful look. " More than strongly, I am sorry to say-his heart seems set upon it. But read the letter for yourself and see." Vera took the thick crested paper, closely covered with the sprawly irregular writing of an old man, spread it out before her on the dressing-table, and resting her elbow on "the table and her head upon her hand, fell to reading it, with firmly-set lips and thoughtfully knitted brows. It was a long letter, the rosy tints of dawn, flushed, deepened, and heightened in the sky, that changed from grey to warmest azure, the morn ing sun peeped through the muslin curtains and found the girls still busy with their task. Kate sitting on an ottoman with her hands clasped in the lap of her pink and white frilled dressing-gown, her pretty head bent forward in an attitude of fixed attention, her grey eyes study ing her cousin's face, and Veronica still studying the letter on which all their fates seemed to hang. Once, twice, thrice, she read it at tentively through, striving to discover something of the writer's charactor be tween this closely-written lines. And, with the third, reading,. eha decoided that, cost what it might, dMr. Army tago's prime condition must be agreed to. It was a kind, generous, affectionate letter; but Veronica felt that it was the letter of a man absolutely bent on his own will. Mr. Armytage was lavish in his promises of what he would do if ho were obeyed, and made no direct threat in case of disobedience; but it was easy to see, or Veronisa Ludlow thought it easy, that whereas fortune was ready to descend in a Dance shower upon Kate Ramsden and her brothers, Kate Armytags, or worse still, Kate Beauclero, would be left out in the cold, and her family would re ceive literally no recognition from the great man who held so much in his power. Yes, the sacrifice must be. Kate and Frank Beauslero must be kept apart at any cost of pain, to them, or treachery to herself. She came to the decision with a little weiary sigh, for she hatedinflicting pain, aind treachery was really foreign to her nature, and turned round such a white, tired face, that Kate exclaimed at sight of it "Oh I Vera, dear, how selfish I am. You are quite worn out and ought to he in bed." " Stay I" Veronica caught her by the wrist and pulled her back into her seat. " Stay, Kate, dear; have you quite considered the cousequences of disregarding this appeal ?" "Yes," said Kate, very soberly. "I do not believe that grandpapa will quarrel with me; but even if he doss-" "Even if he does ?" Vera repeated, eagerly, as the girl paused in her speech. "Even if he does, I cannot give up Frank; we love each other too well." Veronica stared thoughtfully at the c omall slippered foot busily tracing geometrical patterns on the shabby old bed-room carpet, and said, half to t herself it seemed " I wonder if he knows the condition of your hoiress-ship ? " "If who knows ? " Kato asked, with an angry flush. " Frank Beauclere." "Of course he does ; that is, he knows I have no fortune of my own." " That is a very different matter," said Vera, sceptically. "Now, don't t be cross, Kitty, dear. I may be quites wrong-for your sake I sincerely hope I am-but my experience of mankind tells me that a young curate would think twice before he asked a penni less girl to share his diminutive income; whereas, he need have no hesitation in linking his fate to that of Mr. Armytage's heiress." " You are quite wrong," said Kate, coldly, and more hurt than she cared to show. "You are quite wrong, as you will see to-morrow when I tell Frank all. Good-night, Vera." And with much show of dignity covering a very sorely aching heart, the little lady betook horself to bed, where she soon lost all remembrance of her trouble in innocent happy dreams. But the promised explanation did not come with the morrow, for a bewildering turn of fortune's wheel whirled Katherine Armytage from Minsterbury, and left her lover an easy prey to those who had conspired against him. Mr. Ramsden made his appearance at the late breakfast-table at which the three ladies assembled, pale with agitation and bearing an open telegram in his hand. " Miss Armytage," be cried, turn ing deprecatingly to the pale and frightened Kate. "I am sorry to come before you as the bearer of ill tidings, but-as you sace-your grand father is very ill." Kate took the fluttering slip of paper and read it with a beating heart. "From Herbert Jeffson to Israel Ramsden, Minoterbury. " Come at onde and bring Miss Armytage with you. Mr. Armytage is dangerously ill. An apopletic seizure." "Oh, let us go at once," cried the girl with a little dry sob all things for gotten but her grandfather's peril, and the love, long lavished, ill returned, that soon would be hers no more. "There is a train at two," said Israel, consulting his watch ; "it is a quarter to twelve now. Can you be ready by then 2" "Easily," said Kate, guiltily con soious amid all her sincere grief of a flush ofjoy on her face, a throb of joy brought there by the thought that in the interim she would see Frank. But the minutes and bours flew swiftly by, and still Frank did not come. The moment of their departure arrived, and then, and not till then, Kate drew Veronica aside. " When Frank comes," she said with a bravo smile on her white quivering lips, "you may show him that letter, Vera; you may tell him all there is to dread from my grand father's displeasure and I will take his answer from you." Veronica shivered under the gleam of the clear stodfast eyes, and shrank back as though the proudly loyal words had power to hurt her. But she took the letter, gave lbo required promise, and then feeling like a very Judas, slunk back to her own room to open the plain gold locket she always wore, and press passionate remorseful kisses on Cecil Armytage's pictured irresponsive life. To murmur between her sobs: " It is for your sake, my darling; for your sake and her own. She must be happier in the lot that those who love her well have chosen for her than in the indulgence of her own girlish caprice." And then something in the remem brance of Israel Ramsden's handsome evil face filled her with vague un utterable terror, and sent a chill shiver through her young healthy frame on that burning August day. (To be continued.) 