OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, November 6. There will be large gatherings of antipo-<*> deans at the Colonial Institute on December 8 and January 12. On the first-named occa-<*> sion Sir Ed[?] Braddon promises with his paper, " Australasia: a vindication," to deal effectually with recent irresponsible critics of Greater iiriUiin: whilst on January 12 Pro fasot Anderson Stuart will discourse on " Uni versity Education in Australia-" Mr. 1L Price Williams, M.1.C.E., leaves for Adi la id*' in the Dritannia on business connected with tlie completion of tiie Transcontinental railway to Pine Creek. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kimms have returned to touii afttr a visit to Chip-tuiv, the Wye, South Walrs, Peterborough, and Market D< t-iiiiig They go north ni-xt week. Mr. Meldrum, whose indisposition was referred to at the I lank of !>juth Australia meeting <m Wedne.-day, i; r.rtl really wry ill, but hi? l:i-ait U weak, and the doc-Jir forbids e\cit(-iiitnt of any sort. If he came to the meeting lie kneiv lie should be impelled to speak, and that would h^ bad, even dangerous for him. Mr. Herbert Lloyd, son of Mr. Edward Lloyd, of TJoi/d's Kara and the Diily I'hroniclr, start? on an extended tour of the Australian colonies in tut- course of the present month. Mr. ilii-t, wboofiVred such practical proof of his bulk-f in the future prosi>erity of the Bank of South Australia at Wednesday's meet ing, i- blind, and modulates his voice "in extra otdinaiy fashion. At one moment it rose to a hiph fal-ttto, at another falling to a level monotone very difficult to catch. The sub- Ktar.ee was, however, excellent, and coming from a known expert greatly cheered and heartened- up the shareholders. Air. \Y. A. McArthur and Mr. Geo. McArthur sail for Australia by the Massilia on the 20th. Mrs. and Miss Kauffman are booked to Adelaide, and Mr. and Mrs. Murray-^mith and family to Melbourne by the same vo.-seL Mr. C. E. and Lady Morgan have decided to leave for Adelaide by the Britannia, joining the vessel at Brindisi about the 20th. Mr. and Mrs. Harrold also go by the Britannia, and other Adelaide passengers include Mrs. E. I.* Anderson, Mi>. Boyle, Mrs. Renton, and Mrs. Skene. Few- vessels leaving the port of London during the present decade have aroused more dist-jssion than the steamer Ophir, which sailed this morning in a veritable hurly-burly of excitement, the crowd of passengers and pssengers" friends rendering the vessel for an hour or so an inferno. You must be sure when the Ophir arrives to ascertain bow all the various |>atcut apparatuses have answered. The ventilation arrangement is perhaps the most important, for, if it answers expectations the most susceptible to heat need no longer fear the tropics. An expert criticising the Ophir in a lengthy letter to Fairjtlan says :—" At first there was some little anxiety to see whether the saloon and cabins would be cool when the ship was under fall steam; for it may be said j at once that the engines (boilers) and the pas- I sengers have the best portion of the great ship :. allotted to them—that is, amidships. Much to the satisfaction of all it was found tliat the ! unique system of ventilation, coupled with the | high and airy situation of the pas senger accommodation, rendered the torn- < ptrature delightfully cooL I hear that daring ; a preliminary trip the water which actuates the hydraulic steering gear (Brown's) was pnr- I posely allowed to escape in order to try | steering the huge vessel up the Clyde by means of her twin-screws alone, which was ' successfully done." In the ship of the future ! this writer predicts electricity will replace ' steam. " I should not like to cause a pang or painful cpasm to the new-unionists, but I can discern a glimmering of the future when a beautiful bright little engine, officered by ' half-a-dozen intelligent chemical and electrical experts, will take the place of the coal demon and his accompanying dirt and heat and bar barism ; days when the pitch of the screw will not be set at random, and when smoke issuing from the funcel will be reckoned tquivalcnt to professional disgrace." It will be remembered that at the last meet ing of the South Australian Petroleum Fields Company Mr. Pearson offered to lend the company certain moneys required for the purchase of the Burmah property. On Wed nesday be met the shareholders tc confess his inability to keep this pledge and to propose a scheme for raising the necessary sum. After hearing Mr. Pearson and some discussion it was unanimously decided that the directors be authorised to issue £7,500 first mortgage deben tures bearing interest at 10 per cent. lor the purpose of completing the purchase of the liurn ah property, and as a bonus for the amount subscribed that two shares be trans- , ferred to each of the subscribers for every £1 subscribed, such shares toliea portion of those deposited by Mr. Pearson, and that such debentures shall be first offered to the existing shareholders pro rata, any balance not sub scribed by the shareholders to be disposed of as die directors may deem fit. A formal meeting of the Kangarilla Com pany was held on Wednesday for the purpose of confirming certain resolutions altering the articles of association, which were passed at the extraordinary general meeting held on ttie 19th nit. The Chairman then said that since their last meeting, which was held on the 19th October, the directors had received information of the first sale, amounting to over £000 worth of concentrated ore. These sales would be continued monthly, and he hoped that each month the Bales would become larger and larger. A great deal of sensational nonsense *"?«, no doubt, been cabled to Australia during this last week concerning the Armstrong divorce suit. The plain truth is said to be as follows: —When Mr. Armstrong came from Australia Madame Melba made a desperate attempt to live with him. His tastes and habits were en tirely antipathetic to hers. Still she tried, as she explains, to be nice, and for a short time life ran fairly smoothly with the reunited couple. I When, however, the novelty of being a great j prima donna's husband wore off Armstrong constantly, she alleges, ill-treated her. Poor Melba endnred it as long as she could, hating the fuss and scandal of legal proceed- j ings. But seven or eight weeks ago things came to a crisis, and Mrs. Armstrong instructed Malleson & Malleson, her solicitors, to file a petition for judicial separation on the ground of cruelty. Armstrong has retaliated with a petition for divorce, making the Duke of Orleans corespondent. This is really, Melba's friends say, a piece of the merest brag. They know the truth about the duke. In pure selfish thoughtlessness he compromised her abomin ably in public There, however, the matter ended. Armstrong knows —nobody better— that he has not the ghost of aehaneejof proving adultery. Melba is a passionless woman, wrapt up in her art. All her life, all her energy, all her all are in it. The young duke's adoring admiration tickled her vanity at first. He followed her abouff everywhere, listening to her lovely voice with hungry ears, and snapping up greedily any kindly : word she threw at him. Most prima donnas are troubled with a follower or followers of ' this description. If the young man had not been the Duke of Orleans no one would have noticed him. At Vienna madam received the duke at her hotel occasionally, and let him escort her once to the opera when she was not playing. This evening's entertainment was a serious indiscretion from an Austrian point of view, and led to scandal. The Imperial family formed the worst conclusions on seeing the pair together in public, and it is alleged that when they came to the front of the duke's box the ladies of the court circle withdrew. When Melba learnt the significance placed on this incident she was greatly annoyed, and upon the duke following her to St. Petersburg she got the Czar to intervene and order him off. The young man seemed bent, however, onjplaying the fool, and presently actually ventured to Paris to see and hear the prima donna. Theabsurdest stories were current at this time. Onu paper declared the duke was in Melba's house dis- guised as butler; another that she had concealed him in her bondoir. When, however, the police actually did pay ma da me a domiciliary visit they found not an indication of bis royal highness having been there. The sole suspicious fact was that Melba declined to say whether she had or had not seen bcr friend in Paris. Arm strong has had two detectives and a solicitor rummaging in Vienna for the last fortnight, but without much result. The allegation in the petition is that Melba committed adultery with the Duke of Orleans in tachzer's Hotel, Vienna,_on February 20, the latter figuring as M. de ViUiers. The proprietor, m^ording to Armstrong, admits Melba came there, but blandly denies she was accompanied by the Orleanist prince. The Duke of Orlcins was warned 10 days or more agj that an attempt was about to be made to serve him with a cita tion as co-respondent in the divorce suit, and his servants Tiave l>een on the alert for sus picious strangers. At St. Joliann, in Moravia, j where the prince was staying with Baron Hirsch, several stratagems were tried fruit lessly. On Wednesday morning, however, as he arrived at Vienna, his Royal Highness got neatly caught. Two gentlemen in evening dress asked leave to present a bouquet and a petition as the duke stepped from the railway carriage. He handed the rlowerrf to a secretary, and opened the petition, which was neatly tied with ribbon. No sooner, however, did " Victoria, by the grace of God," reach his eye, than he realised what has happened, and flinging tlie pai>erft from him, cursed the rapidiy-retreating form of the process- server with flut-nry. It subsequently transpired Aimstinng claims £-2;>,<fW> damage?. Melba's fate r.ow, to a great extent, depends on the reality of her royal friend's friendship. If he sultimls biniMrU to the ordeal of the witness lx«\, all will be welL If, however, his royal highness is too lazy or too proud to do so the 3«>y ?i\l a!niv>« certainly c-haritaV.y assam? the «w-t. A guv-iji ifiiiind.- me tint it was in coa-* -queiKt of a b.t?a.: hof etiquette at a J3i.it•? cja cert that the duke was obliged to leave St. Petersburg. After Melba sang the prince was so enraptured that he led the applause in stead of waiting for the Czar to do 60. His Majesty ordered him out of the room forth with, but he ignored the Imperial message till one of the grand duchesses came and implored him not to make a scandal. Next day he was requested to leave Russia. In the Italian Opera Company at present in London are many artistes who know Melba and sympathise with her in her present trouble. None of them for a moniCut believe her to have been guilty of anything worse than indiscretiouiii her friends ship .for Prince Louis. An absurd story ap peared in some of last evening's papers to the effect that the trial would take place in Mel bourne. Needless to say, as proceedings have been commenced in the English Courts in the English Courts the case will l>e tried, (indit in Vienna that the Duke of Orleans is intensely chagrined at. having been successfully served with a citation. His scheme was to avoid service indefinitely, and thus render Arm strong's malice abortive. Now the prince is on the horns of a dilemma, and either horn means scandal. The affairs of Mr. Christie Murray occupied the official receiver for a short time yesterday. Mr. Murray's creditors were called to con>ider how the estate should be dealt with. Only two, however, put in an appearance, and it soon became evident that the petitioning creditor, represented by Mr. l-'legg, was practically the only actor in the matter. Mr. Murray, who appeared disinclined to afford this worthy much satisfaction, said he had no banking account except his pocket, and his unfinished Ktories were merely the literary chips an author collected about him, and quite valueless. " Ned's Chum" had been per formed at the Globe in order that it might be seen and judged. Ifbankruptcyproeeedingshad not been taken against him the piece might have been made a valuable property. Mr. Murray finally wratlifully explained that these proceedings were a speculation on the part of the petitioning creditor's solicitors, who had purchased the debt for £0. He had seen the transfer, and he considered it a disgraceful transaction. The official receiver didn t think they could go into that. Mr. W. Alexander Colyer, appearing for Mr. Murray, assured Mr. Flegg that the whole transaction should be carefully examined into at the public ex amination. The official receiver then formally olfserved that no offer having been made the estate must be wound np in bankruptcy. 