A RECONCILIATION IT was Christmas Eve. A cold, blustering day ?was closing ii» at Elmwood Farm. D nil gray clouds floated up from tho north-vent, and began throwing copious handsful of great star-shaped snowflakes all over tho frozen earth. The white Christmas so ardently wished for by all the young people in Elmwood neighbourhood waa being verified beyond tho ghost of a doubt. Mies Judith "Wilder, one oE the wealthiest ?pinsters in that part of Yorkshire, and mistress of beautiful Elmwood, sat in her richly-cushioned chair before tho glowing fire, which crackled up a wide, old-fashioned fire-place. Her brow, which fifty odd years and some hidden bitterness had combinedto wrinkle quite deeply, was contracted with thoughts of the past. Her surroundings were luxurious. Books, pictures, chairs, table, sofa, nnd everything that'helped to furnish the pleasant sitting joom; betrayed the good taste of tho mistress. Yet Miss Judith was not happy. _ Some .ecret or trouble she had vainly striven to lido for many years disturbed her peace of mind. ? Miss Wilder was not the solo occupant or 1er well-furnished sitting-room. .. A young man.-of twenty-four stood near 1er chair. This was Forrest Edley; Hiss "Wilder's handsome ward. The young man had just returned to Elm- wood to spend the holidays with the best earthly' friend he had known since he had leen left au orphan boy of Bevon years. : "He intended studying for the bar as soon aa his holidays were over. MI'BS "Wilder opposed his doing anything ; "but Forrest was tinctured with tho true English spirit of energy, and he preferred occupation to genteel idleness. ' Mother,'-ho always called Miss Wilder ao, at her request-'Mother, what a bitter night it's going to be ! The snow has com- pletely carpeted the ground. My heart aches "for the suffering and houseless who are out in this storm.' Looking up at her ward's sympathetic face, Bhe said, ' You are too sympathetic, my dear boy. Do not worry about what you «annot help.' ' But I am not so sure that it is impossible to help the suffering around us, if we will «sert ourselves to find them out.' * Have done with £his doleful subject, Forrest. You will talk yourself quite out of au appetite. And Jane will feel her dinner sadly slighted, indeed,' replied Miss Wilder. Forrest was going to speak, but the en- trance of a servant interrupted him. ' Well, Lina?' said Miss Judith, addressing1 a rosy-cheeked servant girl. ' A gentleman and a young lady wish to Bee you, mum.' 'That is strango,' said the mistress of , ; Elmwood. ' Who are they, Lina ?' 'I'll inquire, mum.' ' Hold on, Lina,' spoke tho young man. * Mother, it is cruel to keep your visitors out in this storm. Why not admit them without further question ?' 'You are right, Forrest. Lina, show them in here.' After the lapse of a few moments tho »Isitors were ushered in. Thes man presented the appearance of one 'prematurely gray.' His step was still clastic, and his frame was apparently quite youthful ; but his hair, and the long beard -which concealed his features, were very white. To his loft arm chinga creature so beauti-. fully fair and sylph-like that one might have mistaken her for a snow-sprito, or .a fairy princess who had arrived with the Christmas storm. But the starry, blue eyes, the delicate sea- shell pink of the rounded cheeks, and tho profusion of golden curls sparkling here and' there with snow-jewels,. and flowing over marvels of shoulders, where it had escaped from the scarlet hood which had protected lor hoad from the storm, were all too real to belong to an aerial princess. ' Miss W'ldor arouo as her visitors ap Ïroached/ ; Tho old gentloman touched his at politely to the mistress of Elmwood, but he did not removo it. Tho young girl clung timidly to his arm, and turned from the inquiring gaze of tho spinster. * nave I tho pleasure of addressing Miss Judith Wilder ?' asked the old man, search- ing'that lady's face with his keen gray eyes. ' You have, she answered, a pallor creeping over her face. Tho old man's step, his figure, and some- thing in his voice, carried her huck in the far-off, dim-lit past. But Miss Judith had always been a practicnl woman, and ' no matter what shadows oE her . past arose to confront her, she would not allow herself to dream now. 'Pray be seated,' she said, pointing to chairs in pleasant juxtaposition to the fire- place. , Forrest Edley took a placo on the sofa near his guardian, and etolo occasional glances at the mysterious visitors. The old man, broke the silence. 'Tho nature of this visit may not be understood without an explanation. If I can claim your, indulgence while I tell my story briefly-' ' Certainly, sir. , Pray proceed,'said Miss Judith, growing a shade paler as tho stranger spoke. ' In the good old days, as tho story-books say, there was a dour old placo called Etm W004I. . Nay, start not ; let mo finish without ^interruption.' ' "An affectionate but passionate old man was master there. With him dwelt his two childrou, a girl and boy. Tho girl was tho senior of her brother-by sovoral years.' ' These two played, sang, read, and studied together. Thoy were tho idols of their old father's heart.' ' There was a strong tie of affection be tweeu the Bister and brother in those early days. But a fow years developed charac- teristics in the sister that hor sweet girlhood gave nor promise of ; sho developed a spirit of avarice. She bogan to scheme how she could securo all tho wealth to herself, leaving lier brother nothing.' 'No, no nd I You wrong mo !' broke from Miss Judith's white lips. * Silenco I'-lot mo finish. This sister saw 1er way clear at last. ' Her brother was secretly, but honourably paying attontion to an orphan girl. . The sister did all in her power to encourage tho courtship. ' She sought out tho girl, and assured her of lor lasting esteem, und encouraged her tb receive her brother's attentions, and urged a hasty marriage, promising to intorcede for tho lovera with the proud old master of Elmwood. 'Thoy were married; 'Tho scheming sister saw tho father." - 'His haughty heart-was firod-witb. rage. against his son. ..The sister toro thiB intelligence to tho lovers, who wero watting tremblingly for a summons to Elm- wood. The son concluded to see the irate father himself, but the haughty'old man drove .him from his presence, and forbade his entering Elmwood again. ' He left the neighbourhood with his trust- ing Eve, who clung faithfully to him through all tbe poverty that followed. ' Eut the young man had too much energy to dwell in poverty long. He and hts lovely Eve went to work, and soon peace and plenty crowned their earnest efforts. 'One child God gave them-little Stella, who is now by my side ; for I am Edward Wilder,' concluded tho stranger, removing his hat, and disclosing to Miss Judith's agitated view the well-remembered features of her brother. With a sharp cry, she flung herself on her knees before him; and besought his forgive- ness. 'Oh, my dear brother, let the dead past bury its dead now 1 Our estrangement has been long and bitter ; let it end. Only God knows how heartily I repent of my wicked part. Will you let me make amends now, Edward 1 Forgive your erring sister, and accept a home at Elmwood for yourself and Eve's child.' Miss Wilder, her brother, and lovely Stella, were in tears by this time ; and Forrest's dark eyes betrayed a suspicion of moisture. 'My dear sister, I did not return to the old home to reproach you. What is past is gone for over. You are forgiven. It was ? Eve's dying wish that when Stella reached her eighteenth year we should seek you out and .become reconciled. What more Atting time than this in which to forgive all our old j injuries, and begin tho New Year with peace ' towards God and man ?' 'Amen to those words, my brother I* said Miss Judith. 'Stella,-dear girl, can you for- give and love your old aunt a little V j . I have nothing to forgive, dear aunt,' said the. s weet voice of the girl ; ' and I love every- body.' Miss Judith kissed her on both cheeks, while Forest Edley looked highly pleased at the, last remark of thia beautiful girl. When the dinner came off, a half an hour later, Jane did not grumble about the lack of appetites. And the'flow of good-will abided with them all throughout the happy Christ- mastide. j A year after, wedding-bells rang cheerily across the snow-clad fields, and Forrest and Stella promised to ' love, honour, and obey' for ever. 