1 mr. wemyss reid's life of lord 1 houghton. i The anticipations with which the public havo | looked forward to Mr. Wemyas Ecid's Lifo of x lord Houghton will not bo disappointed. " The I work of two arduous years," as the author dos- 1 tt in his introduction, is amply rewarded I in the production of a book which, while it well I repays "the debt of gratitude he owes to tho nnuest and truest of friends," is a delightful record of a striking personality and a most teresting caroer. Thoro are not many now hving who recollect tho Kobert Monckton Manes whom Carlyle described as "a most bland smiling, semi-quizzioal, affectionate, high wed, Italianised littlo man, who has long olivo blonde hair, a dimple, next to no chin, and mg8 his arm round your neck when ho uarenes you in public socioty." This was tho Monckton Milnes of 1840, soon after ho had entered London Sooicty, and when ho had become known as a poot, whom Walter Savage or declared at 0110 of Rogers's breakfasts to En»iflS,TfitemC8fc P0®1 tben living and writing in in till. n„ earlier than this a writer MoncVf? wr-i H"1"' was "quito snro that nreepTit ? will hereafter obey one good 'TlmS d iAn ,?"lerwiso doubtful decalogue — and L 'i. fbeIlc-V0 i" Milton, Dryden, i'opo'- tban 8m? i bis youth more bitterly fanta.i l , .m"S ho has now rendered at tho Keats nnfi w?00 ?f/uc,h baby Wols aa Mr- John aside ,r?? Tcnuysou." Ho turned Politician i a 'wo careers of i«>ot end other h,,» -i ps Eomctt'lmt compromised each Boners (l!r i waa ?s a bnd of successor to biocranhor 0 g?inod bia chie£ famc- His gSinLfy? 8trict 'ru'b that "Of far taenia annIr a.'J? lmllor'anco than his achieve- that he ni c, !c' a"d legislator was tho jrnrt inflLcfllm »eni?cE,,sUth aooial lifc' rile duo in or more than 50 years wag Of his frienfld!ailUr? 4? tbo nun>ber and variety attributnMn bb'pa ; hut still more largely was it qualities nf « 'bo genuine and remarkable fees o,,t v„be Tn Himself." Mr. Wcmyss Boid his friend which y 0 ?enuine qualities of hean3 . 'ti!„ih r? "omevvhat hidden by wliat of his msini. o eccentricities ,c,Uaractcr'" Rnd bbows "the appeared to n, 0"tward Milnes as ho tincelthi wf Wch00VIy 8aw, bim a' a <ba- aPocnT)ial wL? aj.i!iUU moro or lcss thousands iokes h»'i i W,t upon whom a lathered, the c" . 'I®"61 u"orod wero ventioiifti'ftw fashion whoso uncon- Ujion the nonuUr - ?dx,80 far ilnprossed itself a»y eccentrieiiv f mi 1 -at thero VM hardly to him bv tL a,i<,ac'ous 'o bo attributed repute." y 080 who knew bim only by of Robert j1,'-1,"®8 wn3 'b0 oldest son fovl'ontcfracTlRnfi i""' Wh<5 wa' morabcr ment by an M savC(i tho Govern- 1607, who bet iim ,'w ,y clove,r, "i)eeoh >n cellor of tho PiS, .,,'o would be Clrnn- wboaftlS ?,?"? W1 Wn .five years, and offered him bv Mr i> J ? p,IaC0 in th. M'"i«tcy Wager He 1" ' r- 1 ercrv al and paid his lost Richard Monckton' MHn " JIoncon 1808, and __ — ".oncxton fllilncs wa. born in Bolton- Mwrci ton&faa;' 1<FcnJd'!>ips of Richard n eiuy<5 nG:.i .» , trt Lord UoUQhton. i\ y euL bondon ; Cassell and Co. 2 vols. street, Mnyfarr, in 1809. That was the year in which tho Chancellorship of tho Exchequer was notuaily offered to his father and declined with u ,rtnl ,1' W,th my 'omperament?! should be dead in a year." Mr. Pemherton l'F®'fla ,1'oorngc by Lord l'alrnorston in 1856, and declined it for tho most honorable reasons. Two years later ho died. Tho younger Milnes was entered at Trinity S,P iamnn<lsC' in 1,827' Wordsworth the poet s brother, was then master ; Whowoll Thirlwallr "a"5 h!?,Wfn tulor as Conno p r i '.n?nR 'lla friends were Charles Buller, John Stirling, llichard Chevenix Trench, O'TirL iin ' T ,'"n Haro anJ Stafford O lirion. hen lonnyson entered Trinity b, a yoU"ff """> whoso if M rS? "n 80 mub 'but bo said to him- t i i « a man 1 should like to know : ho looks the best tempered follow I ever saw." £? Milnes. They became friends, tn»i t rn»-80" 8 ""prusbion of him proved 1829 Milnes made a balloon ascent, and began a letter to Arthur Haltam from o milo and a half above tho earth, but did not finish it In 1830 ho spent sotno time in tondon as a student at tho recently founded London University. Hero he met John Stuart Mill and Frederick Denisoii Maurice. Edward Irving was then preaching and Milnes attended his church, regarding him as "the apostle of tlie age, ana speaking of his English as "moro like Jeremy Taylor's than any I ever read or hoard. After having made tbo grand tour on tb®, ' Comment, where he formod the friendship with Charles J. MacCarthy which was one ?£., the great friendships of his lite. Biiines published his first volume, entitled 7w pressioiu o/ Grccc c, returniug to Rome for tho wmter of 1833.34, and remaining on the Conti nent till 1835. In 1836 his father and mother took a house in .South- street, Hyde Park, "and accordingly in that season of 1836 Richard Monckton Milnes may be said to have been launched on that social career in England in which ho achieved an almost unique distinc tion.' Tho family fortunes, which had long been depressed, had now improved, and there was no shadow of pecuniary anxiety over the home. Sirs. Milnes savs that tho dinner nnrh'pa given m the season of 1836 were chiefly to friends of lior son, " very agreeable and lite- rary," anJ slio mentions among thorn "Words worth ami Samuel Rogers. Carlyle had taken up Ilia abode in Chcync-row two years before, an'l win at work on his French Revolution ; and Tennyson was just beginning to bo known aad 'bo promise of his genius recognised. Milnes mado Carlyle's acquaintance through Charles Buller, nnd Mr. Bcid points out that ' not a word is to bo found in any one of Carlyle's letters with a regard to Eichard Milnes which i3 not pleasant and appreciative in its character." In 1837 Milnes entered tho House of Com mons ns member for Pontefract— ho had de clined some years before to enter it by patron age. Ho was n Conservative, and soon after the election Mr. Gladstone wrote to him saying that ho was sick and weary with liis election peregrinations, and had taken his passage for Scotland (Fasque, Fettercairn) to sco what grouso he could persuade into his bag. Parlia ment mot on the 20th of November, Lord John ltussell being Leader of tho Houso on the Ministerial side, and Peel being Leader of tho Opposition. On tho 7th of December "young D'lsracli " mode hie maiden speech with its unfortunate result. " Tho timo will cotno when you will hear me," said Disraeli, ns ho sat down. "Yes, old follow, so it will," re sponded Milnes, who was sitting next to liira. Milnes himself made his first speech on the next night, and it was a brilliant success. Meanwliilo ho had becomo a familiar figuro at Rogers's breakfasts. Rogers was old— though he had more than 18 yearB of life in him yet — and Milnes thought that "to succeed Rogers ns tho host at whoso table men of all parties nnd oreeds could meet with no other bond of union than their common intellectual superiority was an object worthy of his ambition," nnd Mr. Womyss Reid thinks that when ho bogan his own series of breakfasts at his chambers in Pail Mall " lie was distinctly following tho examplo which had been sot by the older poet." Carlyle used to say that'if Christ wero again, on earth Milnos would ask Him to breakfast and the clubs would all bo talking of tho good things Christ had said. Years afterwards Carlyle and Milnos woro visiting Lord Ashbnrton, and Milnes, speaking of Peol's new Ministry, ex- presscu aisappointmont tuat lie had not been offered a post in it. "No, no," said Cnrlylo, "Poel knows what ho is about ; thero is only one post fit for you, and that is tho olfice of perpetual president of tho Heaven and Hell Amalgamation Soolety." There is a story by Sir Henry Taylor that one day somebody asked whether Conrvoisior— tho murderer of Lord William Russell — had been hanged that morn ing. "I hope so," roplied Milties's sister, "or Riohard will have him at his breakfast party next Thursday." In 1838 Milnes published two volumes of poetry. He was already known for his first volume, published fonr years earlier, and for many fugitive pieces in tlio magazines. One of his songs, beginning "I wandered by the brook- side," and with tho refrain — But tbo heating of my own heart Was all tho sound 1 heard, was composed as he was driving in an Irish car to the honBe of tho O'Briens. He wrote it down as soon as he arrivod, and at dinner showed it to his friends. Thoy all urged him to put it in the firo, as it was unworthy of his reputation. But he published tho versos. Thoy caught tho publio ear, and were set to music nud sung oyerywhere. A friend of his, soiling down a river in a South American State, hoard tho slaves singing it on tbo plantations. Walking in London one day with a friend, tho voice of a wandering singer readied Milnss's oars. Ho dartod off, and soon came back with a glowing face. "I know it was my song," ho said, showing a roughly printed broadside bearing tho now famous linos. It was his good fortune to write songs which also gave expression to the religious aspirations of tho age. But his truest success was social. Mr. Wcmyss Reid heads ono of his ohaptorBThc Friend of Men of Letters, and in so doing indicates his friend's chief claim to fame. Ho got a kind of social celebrity very early. His friends gave him nicknames, and this nearly led to a quarrel with Sydney Smith. Ono hot summer night in 1842 at Holland Houso tho company woro dull. When Milnos appeared Sydney Smith exclaimed, " Ah 1 hero comes cool of tho evening ; " anil with hia com ing everybody brightened np. Milnos soon afterwards wroto Sydney an angry letter about these nicknames. Sydney replied, "Dear Milnes, never lose your good temper, which is one of your best qualities, and which has hitherto carried you safely through your start ling eccentricities. If you turn cross and touchy you aro a lost man. No man can combine the defects of opposito characters. Tho namesof "Coolof the Evening," "London Asaur- anco"and "Inlgojoncs"aro, Igiveyoumyword, not mino. Thoy are of no sort of importance ; they are safety vnlves, and if you could by pay. ing sixpence get rid of them, you had hotter keep your monoy," He thon ended by gonial praiso of Milnos. Somo 40 years after wards Mr. Wemyss Roid was with Lord Hough ton looking ovor tho crowded bookshelves of his house at Fryston, when Lord Houghton took down Lady Holland's Lifc of Sydney Smith, read this letter, and said. "Don't you think that was an admirable letter for an old man to write to a young ono who lmd just pmyea the fool In those early (lavs Milnes was more ambitious of political than o"f literary distinction. Disraeli wanted him to join in n sort of alliance against tho world. "No," said Milnes, "two of n trade would never agree. His speeches did not succeed. In a letter to Mr. MacCarthy in 1838 he says, "I geo moro and more nervous as to speaking in tho House. lhis comparative fniiuio his biographer thinks to be duo "to tho very earnestness of purpose lie displayed in politics," for as an after dinner speaker ho was ono of the easiest and most graceful of our times. Milnes wns a capital letter writer. In t he letter pist quoted ho says Tho best current are tlmt Rogers said of Lady 1 nrko, She was so good that whon she went to heavcu she would find no difference except that her ankles would bo thinner and her head better dressed j" and Sydney Smith to Landseer, who patronisiugly offered to let him sit to liim for his picture, " Is thy servant a dog that ho should do this thing?" Also Rogers of Jano Davy, 'that she was so dry alio would turn all tho Deluge into toast and water." In another letter ho says, " Tennyson composes every day, but.nothing will persuade him toprintoreven write down. J. W. Blakesley writes to him (March, 1838) : — Alfred Tounyaoa has been with us for the last week. He is looking well and in good spirits, but complains of nervousness. How should he do otherwise, seeing that he smokes tho strongest and most stinking tobacco out of a small, blackened clay pipe on an average nine hours every day." In 1839 Milnes wroto an account of Emerson, and Carlyle got it into tbo Westminster Review, for which Emerson wrote a letter of cordial thanks. In a Continental tour this year he mado tho acquaintance of tie Miss Eerrys, and years afterwards ho wroto a brief memoir of them, " in which their remark able story was given to tho world." In tho opting of 1841 we find him carrying off Carlylo for a visit to his father's house at Fryston. His father was smoking in tho morning room when thoy arrived, and apologised to his guest for doing so. "Indeed, sir," said Carlyle, "I iiiuv tuu ia uuuut uie most scnaiuic OCCU- pation which any man could liava, and if you don't object I will join you in it at once." As they wero talking over their cigars Mr. Pem herton Milnes, when Carlyle admired the view, expressed Mb regret that a tall factory chimney which had just been orected appeared on tbo horizon and spoiled tho view. "Spoiled tho view ! " said Carlyle. " Why, sir, I think that is just the pleasantest feature in the whole bit of scenery; it shows that somebody is doing something in this pars of the world, at any rate." AYhile Peel was in office thero was a movement for a pension to Tennyson ; and Peel consulted Milnes, just as, seven years later, Lord John Russell consulted Rogers. Ho then knew nothing of Tennyson, just as Lord John Russell knew nothing of him when tho laureate- ship was in question, and Milnes got the pension for him, just as Rogers, who had declined it when offered by Prince Albert, got for Tenny son tho laureateship. Millies coveted tho office of Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs, and was disappointed that Peel never offered it to him ; but Peel never believed that a man of letters would make a good man of affairs. 'When Mr. Gladstone published his essay on Church and State, Milnos wns staying at Drayton, and Peel said to him, after looking through the book and throwing it on tbo floor, "That young man will ruin his fiuo political career if he persists in writing trash like this." In 1845 we find Milnes raising a subscription for poor Hood's family after his death; and a year Inter, when Lord Canning resigned the Uirder-Secretaryship for Foreign Affairs, he wroto to Mr. Gladstone asking help in getting tho post. Onco moro ho was disappointed. He fully sympathised with Peol's view of tho Corn Laws, and entirely refused to follow Disraoii in his revolt. He took the other direction, yielding, like some other Peclites, to his Liberal sympathies. Mr. Wemyss Reid admirably describes him as "full of cuthusiastio impulses curbed by cynical reflections." But in 1848 ho lmd a resource against political cares in writing his Life of Keats. In 1851 Milnes marriod Miss Crowe, youngest daughter of Lord Crewe ; and the story of the succeeding years, with its admirable account of Fryston, tbo letters of various eminent people, and tho accounts of delightful gatherings at Milnes's houso and elsewhere, forms one oi the most charming parts of this delightful bio graphy. He was a good deal disappoiated when bis father rofuaed the peerage in 1856 ; nnd in 1858 his father died. He now succeeded to Rogers in another sense than that of continuing his literary breakfasts, for he took up tho pat ronage of poor authors and men of letters. There are some touching storios of his befriend ing unfortunate genius, which moro than all tbo generous estimates of his friends show his innate kindness. In 1863 he was raised to the peerage under the title of Baron Houghton ; and in bid ding . farewell to his constituency he had ono most legitimate boost— that in 1846 ho had brought in a bill for tho establishment of Re formatories, of which a sensible member of Parliament had said to him that it was tho most foolish Bill over introduced, but that the same man had now changed his mind, for almost every provision in that Bill was now the law of tho land. On the very morrow of his elevation a friend met him and jokingly askodwliat it was like to be a lord. Milnes's eyes twiuklcd as he said, "I never knew until to-day how im measurable is the gulf which divides the hum blest membor of the Peerago from the most czaltcd commoner in England." "If you tell that," said Lord Tennyson to Mr. Wemyss Reid, "every fool will think that Milnes meant it," Yes, but only fools. In the sossion of 1865 ho seconded the address in tho Lords. In April, 1867, ha writes to Georgo Bunsen : " Disraeli is triumphant and the Christian hero Glodstono in the dust. Resurgal." In May ho tolls his wile, "I mot Gladstone at breakfast. Ho seems quite owed by the diaboiictd cleverness of Dizzy, who, ho says, is gradually driving ail ideas of political honor out of the House, and accustom ing it to tho most revolting cynicism. " In Nov ember Mrs. Disraeli was ill, and Lord Houghton writes: "Tho scene in tho House of Commons was very striking, Dizzy quito unable to restrain his tears." When Lolhair was published, Lord Houghton told Anthony Trollopo of tho £10,000 which lied been offered to Disraeli for the copyright. Troliopcbct£10 thatnosuchsnm was over offered for a novel, but Lord Houghton produced evidence that it had, and Mr. Trollopo paid the hot. Wo must pass ovor the delightful chapter headed "Monographs Personal and Social," and hasten on to Lord Houghton's latter days. In 1874 Lady Houghton died, and In tho next year ho visited the United States. On his return ho wroto an articlo on America in the Quarterly, and he writes to his friond Henry Bright, of Liverpool, "I hope yon liked iny American nrtiolo in the Quarterly ; tlmt ou Macaulay is by Gladstone; that on 'l'icknor by Hay ward; that on Croker by the DoviL" Ho was fast moving down the hill. In tho summer of 1884- Mr. Reid was with him at Fryston in August, and ho complained of being ill. "What is tho matter?" I asked. "Death," he said gravely j " that is what is tho matter with mo. I am going to die." And then tho face was illumined by tho beautiful smilo which those who loved him knew so well. "I am going over to the majority," ho added, "and you know I have always pteferred tho minority." A few weeks later lie was staying with Lord Rosebery at tho Durilaus, and fell out of bed nnd broke his collar bono. In December Ire had a littlo dinner pnrty— Sir F. Pollock and Mr. James Payn being Iris chief guests. In the succeeding summer Ire died. It uftcn happens tlmt it is in biographical works like the present that the world first be comes acquainted with tho familiar lettors of living inon of distinction. Lord Houghton's lifo couiains not a few examples of lotters of this kind. The most interesting of these, it will, wo think, be at onco conceded, are those trom the pen of tho Laureate. Tho public knows Lord Tennyson almost solely as a poet, and has had few opportunities of judging him as a writer of prose. His letters to Lord Houghton show, however, that this fact is in,', duo to auy inabi lity on Lord Tennyson's part to find adequate expression for his thoughts except in veree. The following letter is, in its way, inimitable, and shows as inuch fancy, humor and vigor as any of the much praised letters of Byron and Pope. It is difficult, indeed, to imagine a lmppicr method of meeting an angry Iottor from a friend. Tho circumstances under which it was composed were these. Lord Honghton, then Mr. Monck ton Milues, was engaged in helping Lord North ampton to get together tlmt famous miscellany The Tribute, a work now highly esteemed by all book collectors. On appealing to Mr. Tennyson for a poem to add to tlioso furnished by Lnmlor and other prominent writers, ho received, how ever, a quizzing refusal, in which the poet de clared that "to write for people with prefixes to their names is to 'inilk he goats.'" Monck ton Milnes was, apparently, much annoyed at this reply, and indulged in wimt his biographer terms "one of those short lived outbursts of irritation which his warm and sensitive tempera ment caused to be by no means unfrequent." Lord Tennyson, however, took Iris friend's anger in good xiari, and answered in these terms : — "10th January, 1837.— "Why, what in the name of ail tho powers, my dear Riohard, makes you run me down in this fashion ? Now is my noso out of joint, now is my tail not only curled so tight as to lift mo off iny hind legs into Alfred Growqmll s poodle, but fairly be tween them. Many sticks are broken about me. I am the ass in Homer. I am blown. What has so jaundiced your good natured eyes as to make them mistake harmless banter for insolent irony ; harsh terms applicable only to , who, big as ho is, sits to all posterity astride upon tho nipple of literary dandyism, and ' takes her milk for gall.' 'Insolent irony' and 'piscatory vanity,' as if yon had been writing to St. Anthony, who converted the soft souls of sal- man ; but may St. Anthony's firo consume all misapprehension, the spleen born mother of five- fold more evil on our turnip spheroid than is malico aforethought. Had I been writing to a nervous, morbidly irritablo man, down in the world, stark spoiled with the staggers of a mis managed imagination, and quito oppiest by fortune nnd by tho reviows, it is possible that I might have halted to find expressions more suitablo to iiis case ; but that you, who seem at least to tnko tlio world as it conies, to doff it nnd lot it pass— that you, a man every way prosperous and talented, should have taken pet at my unhappy badinage, mado me — lay down my pipe and stare at the firo for 10 minutes, till tlio stranger fluttered up tho chimney. You wish that I had never written that passage. So do I, sinco it seems to havo given such offence, l'erliaps you likewise found a stumbling block in the expression, 'rapid books,' as tkeaugry inver sion of fourcommassoemstointimatc. Butarcnot Annuals vapid ? Or could I possibly mean that what you or Trench or De vero chose to write therein must be vapid ? I thought you knew mo better than oven to insinuato theso tilings? Had I spoken the same words to you laughingly in my chair, with my own emphasis, yon would have seen what they really meant, but coming to read them pcradveuturo in a fit of indiges tion, or with n slight matutinal headache after your Apostolic symposium, you subject them to such misinterpretation as, if I had not sworn to bo true friond to you till my latest deatli ruckle, would havo gone far to mako me indig nant. But least said soonest mended ; which comes with peculiar grace from me after all this verbiage. You judge me rightly in sup posing that I would not be backward in doiug a really charitable deed. I will either bring or send you something for your Annual. It is very problematical whether I shall be able to come and boo von as I lironosad. „n dn not rptnrn earlier from your tour on my account ; and if I come I should only bo able to stop a few days, for as I and all my people are going to leave this place very shortly never to return, I have much upon my hands. But whether I see you or no, " Believe me, always thine affectionately, " A. TKNNVSO.N." "I have spoken with Charles. He has promised to contribute to yonr Annual. Frederick will, I daresay, follow his example. Sco now whether I am not doing my best for you, and whether you had any occasion to threaten mo with that black Anacarna and her cocoashod coves of niggers. I cannot have her strolling about the laud in this way. It is neither good for her reputation nor mino. "When is Lord Northampton's book to be pub lished, and how long may I wait before I send anything by way of contribution ?" Lord Houghton, probably in no small measure because he was so ooustant and profuse a letter writer, cannot bo said to have mado any real contribution to English epistolary literature. Hie letters contain plenty of interesting matter well expressed, cud convey what are often sound opinions in a striking form. Yet, in spite of this, they are by no means momorablo compositions of their kind, and lack that oharm which belongs to the best samples. They want a something which, though it canuot be defined, is, none the loss readily felt or missed, as the caso may be. One of tho best of Lord Houghton's lettors is in Mr. Wemyss Reid's book ; also ono of his latest. It is addressed to Mr. John Morley : — "Cannes, Prince of Wales Hotel, Mnrch 2nd, 1883. My dear Morley, — With our friendship you might well havo ex pected a letter from, me after tho Newcastle election. I .may have had something of Goethe's feeling, which prevented him from noticing a friend's marriago. Ono doesn't con gratulate a man on buying a lottery ticket, and the House of Commons is just such a lottery as marriage. Bat I might have remembered, as I do now, that you wore a natural politician, and that the House of Commons is the best political platform to stand on in the world, and that any man holding that function may well be felicitated on getting there. If you go on with the press (as I hope you will) you will expect a difficulty in tho combination of functions, such ns Lowe experienced when on the Times ; but he got over it, and so will you, though it re quires much tact. Wo have here a worse than English March, among desolato orango trees, astonished palms and distrnotcd olives. The beautiful vegetation is irreparably injured, and all the invalids aro worso for being here. I am only no better. The socioty of Cannes were shocked by Gladstone's reception of Cldmenceau, and men ask how ho has liked tho serenade his Radical friends have given him on his return. Nothing pleases Frenchmen moro than the bits of revolution in England,. Thoy always obafe under our supposod immunity. My. letters from Egypt urgo some distinct announcement ot the continuance of the occupation as the only means of credit and security ; and would not mind reduction of the force to 5000 or 10,000, if that were done. The amount of tlio force is of ??,1.ni1|1?r.1!cc" Alexandria will not bo reliablo till that is done." , Two other notesiend themselves to quotation, both addressed to the writer's son. One shows nis habit of trenchant criticism on passing events, tlio other his lovo of epigram : — "5th. February, 1875. You should get last week's Academy, and this with my articles on Lord Russell. Lord Harrington (Lord Harrington had been chosen to succeed Mr. Gladstouo at leader of tlio Liberal Forty) will do very well under tho circumstnnces. How the future I i-tonans will chucklo over tho defeat of i orster! Tho Nonconformist middle class had one chance of placing one of themselves in the Government of England, but preferred a trumpery squabble, which could be arranged by sensible men in 10 minutes. It is enough to make any cultivated man aChurchman. Forstec should got baptised immediately. I am going to breakfast with Sir Charles Dilke, to read Keats love letters to Miss Brown. I have seen somo of them ; very morbid and cross, and dis- S221fort£bIc'" "tocwe Hall, 22nd December, J . . 1>care8t Robert, — We hnvc a better and a brighter day, and I hope you arc getting a pleasant drive. I havo just finished Harold with great delight. There is a grand unity and local color in the field of history about it that stamps it Hrst ratc. 1 shall write and tell tho think so. Venables was telling. us that his house in 33olton-row waa tho soeno of the death of Fredorick Maurico and of the reception of Manning into the Catholic Church, 'hfeh I improvised an inscrixition to put overthe door, which met with geueral applause Ex Mc domo Fredericus Maurice Ad superos, Uenrleus Manning Ad inferos, Transierunt." More suitable for quotation hero than most of the letters are the extracts given by Mr. Wemyss Reid from tho common place books. It was the habit of Lord Houghton to fill his note bOOnS Wltll S. Rtlpmpi nf 1 i faun wti namMl.aH composed of current anecdotes and shrowd observations on men and things, and these often afford very amusing reading. Here is a record of some of Carlyle's sayings, which aro given exactly as Lord Houghton wroto them down. The style is a guarantee of their authenticity "Voltaire's Ecrascz VTnfamc had more re ligious earnestness in it than all the religions of nowadays put together." "If Christ wero to coine to London now, He would not be crucified. Oh no ? Ho would ba lionised, asked out to dinnor to hoar the strange things Ho had got to say, and tlio bcttermost people would wonder that a man who could bo so sensible on some points should be so foolish on others, would wish He were a littlo moro practical, and so on." " Conversation with Ranko is like talking to a rookery." "Ciuneron, showing us an idealised portrait of Schiller, Cailylo merely said, 'He was a man with long, red hair, aquiline uoye, hollow cheeks, aud covered with snuff.' " " Charles Knight makes of himself a terriblo ladle of twaddle to mankind." "I know no guilt like that of incontinent speech. How long Christ was silent before -he spoke 1 and how little Qo then said 44 Harriet Martineau, in her sick room, writes as if she were a female Christ saying, 4 Look at me j see how I am suffering V " 44 If Beelzebub were to appear in England, Iio would receive a letter from tho secretary of tho Manchester Athenrcum, as Eug6ue Sue did, re questing the honor of Ins interesting company and venturing to hope for nu address." 44 Keats is a miserable creature, hungering after sweets which lie can't get ; going about saying, 4 1 am so hungry j I should so like somothing pleasant. ' " " Shelley is always mistaking spasmodic violence for strength. I know no moie urned books than his. It is liko tho writing of a ghost, uttering infinite wail into the night, unable to help itself or anyone else." 44 Xever write what you can say, and never say what you can write." 44 Cobden is on inspired bagman, who believes in a calico milenniuro. He is always praising America to mc. I said to him, 4 What have the Americans done but beget, with unexampled .Airiiiitv. on non niin .7 4i«n _ __ it. j.V|Uw,www ux iiuc £icakvsh> uurea uu iug face of the earth ?' " "PoorGuizot! There he sat in his garret, full of high thought and fino theories, and visited sometimes by divine light, anil then comes the devil and tempts him with Secretary ships of State and Presidency of the Council, and such like, nnd leads him on and on into lies, and filth, and darkness, and then all at once lets him go, and down ha falls into infinite night. I quite approve of Carnot not wanting education for Parliamentary men. Ho will thus get fewer of the inane, conceited, sniggering apes of the Dead Sea we havo in ours." "I cannot stand Disraeli trying to force his J ewish jackass ories on tho world. " The commonplace books sometimes contain a sort of diary of current events. The following, for example, aro rough memoranda written down at tlio timo of Louis Philippe's deposition. They nlford some excellent stories :— Louis Philippe, speaking of socioty in Eng land, " here everything is so well riveted." The queen of tho French praying so muoh in her flight that Louis Philippe said ho wos obliged to bo crying out, " Mrs. Smith, on vie prie pas tant en voyage." Louis Philippe saying, " A National Guard is like a tree in a flower pot ; it looks very pretty till it grows, and then it breaks tho pot — that is, the country— to pieces." Gasnier Pages, the priest of tho republic. Louis Phillippq of Ireland, "Cast une mutadie incurable, metis jamais mortclle." Pierre Lcroux recommending that no man should have a vote in France who paid above 200 f. of impbt. Man at Harbes's Club declaiming against the desecration of tho Trees of Liberty by the touch oi and presence of the clergy. Tho only nervousness Lamnrtine showed in the affoir was when, after 72 hours of struggle without sleep, he threw himself on his bed, and asked his wifo to watch by him for two hours, as he then could sieeposlmly, which lie did, and rose quite fresh again. J. to Prince Charles, " Vous autrcs Francais vivos par instinct." " Comma les chiens qui quelquefois s'enragent." Louis Phillippe to me at Claremont, 27th May, " I have nothing now to look to but the long run." Prince Metternioh told me he had prepared for every possible combination except one, that of a Liberal Pope. Driven out of bis house in Eaton-square by an Irish family next door play ing Fio Nono and Mourir Pour la Patrio all day. Carlyle on Louis Philippe — " Louis Philippe, that Royal Ikey Solomon— that Ikey Basilica. " Guizot, at Stafford Houso, speaking of tho political seourity of England, Madamb de LitSvcn from tho other end the table, " That ia precisely what you said to me the day bof ore tho Revolution." M. Guizot going on to say that it was singular that tho country with the most . liberty should bo the only one to escape a revo lution. " You forget Russia," said Madomo Lidven. M. Guizot replying that it was still more singular that the two countries — the' moat and the least free— should havo escaped. " " Ce qui monire combien ttait pitoyable voire poli' tigue du juste milieu," It would not be right to deal with any account of Lord Houghton's life and not mention his conversational powers, which were exceedingly remarkable. 44 How brilliant and amusing ho wae over the dinner table or the breakfast table was known to ; all his friends. Overflowing with information, . his mind was lightened by a bright wit, whilst 1 his iirraense store of appropriate anecdotes 1 enabled him to give point and color to every topic which was brought under discussion. But ; those who have enjoyed that table talk, the charm of which will never be forgotten by those . who know Him, hardly perhaps did justice to tho care winch Milnes bestowed upon this art of ' conversation. One of his intimates was his old | Cambridge friend, Charles Bullcr, aud the two men were acknowledged as rival wits for many a ' year at the dinner tables of the "West End. I ; remember Lord Houghton once telling mo that ? when their apparent rivalry in wit and convcrsa- ; tion was at its height, he and Buller, when they 1 met at their club of an afternoon, and learned, as was frequently the case, that they were to be ; guests at the same house in the evening, would ' as a joke discuss beforehand the topics upon wmcu tuey were 10 converse, nnu vccuaiuuaiijr ' hit upon the 'brilliant impromptus' by means ! of which the seeming rivals were to cap each . other's jests. Tiiero was one form of the art of conversation, indeed, which, about the period when Milnea began his career as a social enter- t .taincr, was practised to an a'mosfc alarming extent in certain sets in London. This was that : kind of dinner tablo talk which assumes the form not of a general conversation but of a monologue on the part of one brilliant and gifted performer. Milnes himself has mentioned four men who distinguished themselves in this resucet — Coleridge, Sydney Smith, Macaulay and Carlyle. There was no man who listened ..with keener appreciation to the picturesque and . prophetic utterances of Carlyle, or the rich out- .pot rings of Lord Macaulay's infinite knowledge, ' thai did Milnes, but lie himself had the Btrc ogest abhorrence of this perversion of the ' art )f conversation, and all who have heard him : tall kuowwellthat, eveniuhishnppiestinoments, he sever sought to monopolise the attention of ' the dinner table, but, on the contrary, was always as a'jxious to evoke the wit aud the intelligence of : others as to display his own. A rare virtue this is our social life, and one which I mny fairly maintain bespeaks the possession of other virtues .also on the part of the man who exercises it. As I have mentioned Macaulay's name, it may be ' ' noted that in 1836 he was still in Iudin, and /. hlilnes and Carlyle and the other new comers in 'sooiety knew him only by repute. Macaulay "returned iu 1838, and shortly after his arrival in ' London Milnea met him at a breakfast at Rogers's, at which Carlyle was also present. The fame of Carlyle's utterances — for, as I have shown, I can. hardly spenk of his talk as conver sation — was then at its zenith, and Rogers's guests had gone, hoping to enjoy a rich treat. But Macaulay, his mind overflowing with tho stores of knowledge which had been accumula ting during his sojourn in India, seized the first opening that presented itself, and, having once obtained tho car of the company, never allowed it to escape even for a moment until the party was at an cud. Greatly dissatisfied at the issue . of a morning from which he had expected so much, Milnes followed Carlyle into the street. 'I am so sorry, ' he said to the philosopher, 4 that Macaulay would talk so much, and prcvont our hearing a single word from you.' Carlyle turned round, and held up his hands in astonish xnent. 4 What,' he said, with the accent of Annandale, 'was that the Right Honourable Tom? I had no idea that it was the Right Honourable Tom. Ah, weel, I understand tho -Right Honourable Tom now.' It was the first .. occasion ou which the two historians had met." " Before quitting these interesting volumes, we . " must make one further quotation. Mr. "Wemys? . Beid has plaoed in an appendix a store of good things by Sydney Smith, set down in Lord1 Houghton's commonplace books. Some of the ' .following will, wo think, be new to tho publie, ' 'though in others they will doubtless recognise .. old friends ' SAYINGS OF SYDNEY SMITH. , . Sydney. Smith speaking with some severity of the sporting clergy to H— , Archbishop of 1 York. "Mr. Smith, do I understand tbat you object to the clergy riding ?" " Not in tho least, yourLordship, provided they turn out their _ . " I am not fond of expecting catastrophes, but there are cracks in the world." 44 If you are every day thinking whether you .. have done anything for the Flowers of History, of course you will be unhappy." V 41 Are you always expecting the day when tho . ledger against Mr. M. Milnes will bo brought out?". ("Read Mr. Milnos's ledger in life.") 7 .."Please, sir, there is no ledger of Mr. Milnes, . only a waste book." T, Rogers calling on S. S. very late, writing in v the morning: "If Iliad known it was you, of v course Mrs. Smith and myself would have got up to receive you." . . - Sydney Smith introduced by O'Connell after one of bis Irish sixpennys to a large party : "I . must present to you the ancient and eutertaining defenaer of our faith." 44 Lady Holland going with all her cooks and . stewpans to Holland House like the Homeric ' gods to Ethiopia. " >44MurchiBon giving not smrries, but quarries; ' ladies all with ivory handled hammers and six little bottles for each, to test tho diffeient stones." r _ "I cannot cure myself of punctuality." "I suppose the creatures we Bee in the solar ' microscope tear one another to pieces for difference of opiniou." : Discussion whether Macaulay was better to 'hear or read. Rogers says the former, because you need not listen. S.S.: 44 Oh ! I'm for the latter, because you can't dogs-ear and interline , .him aud put him on tho shelf when he's talk ing." . 7 A lady sitting between two bishops— "Her \- name i Susanna, I assume?" Some one of somebody : 44 Ho will let nobody talk but himself." SydneySmith: "Why, who . ' would if ho could help it?" > S. S. always exercises his jokes in society bo- \- fore he runs them upon paper. — R, M. M. ; i r Sydney Smith offering to call somewhere: \- "IVe shall bo on our knees to you if you come." \- "I'm glad to hear it. I like to see you in that atti- i tudc, as it brings me in several' hundreds a year." A bishop should marry a comely woman of . .ft certain age, .not such a shamefully pretty girl as tho Bishop of Hereford Musgrave has done, r who looks himself like the waggoner tbat drives r ; the heavy waggon from Hereford to London." - s ? 44 The . integumerital .charity that covers so \- many sins." - .- /Having some artioles charged at the Custom House, asking under what head: "Unmcn »tioned articles.". "I suppose you would, then, 'tax the 39." .r ' ; ."In the country I always fear that creation / will expire before tea time." t . "At Coombe Flory lam always in the condi- " tion of saying with scripture. 4 Go into tho vil- lage over against you, and straightway yo shall .- find an ass. 11 No railroad will be safe until they have made a bishop in partibus. " \- Asked to dinoer at the duchess's when engaged . to Wiitbrcad, writing: 44 Dear Duchess, sorry I can't; engaged to the fermentarian." Mis- direoting the letter to W., who was furious. Calling tho railroad whistle 44 the attorney," as being suggestive of the shriek of a spirit in torment, and "you have no right to assume that any other class of men is damned." "In a wet summer, using the anti-liquid prayer, Alleu put up a barometer in the vestry, and remained there during tho rost of tho ser vice to wAtch the effeots, but, lam sorry to say, did not find them very satisfactory." 44 Lady Davy is blue to her very bones." We have said enough to show that Mr. Wcmyss Reid's work is full of interest, and that it may fairly claim a placo among tho best books of the season- — Daily A'ews and Standard , 