OUR LONDON LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, February 13, 1891. What Mr. Timothy Healy calls "the Boulogne Tomfooleries" have ended as most shrewd persons throughout predicted they would—in nothing. Mr. Parnell procrastinated till even the patient Dillon and the lachrymose O'Brien could stand it no longer. Then just as this pair thought they were about to triumph- antly conclude the negotiations the discrowned king's demands became utterly impracticable, and the parleyings were finally broken off. Both Mesrs. Dillon and O'Brien addressed manifestoes to yesterday's papers. In these they review at length their own action as peacemakers, but give little real informa- tion with regard to the treaty of conciliation proposed. Whatever this arrangement was "it was wrecked," Mr. O'Brien tearfully whimpers, "by contests as to words and phrases, contests which with a little more magnanimity and a little less suspiciousness on both sides might easily have been avoided, and which to my mind offer a shockingly inade- quate excuse for committing the country to a struggle involving consquences so appalling." Mr. Parnell himself publishes a letter of affected regret, in which Messrs. Dillon and O'Brien are loftily patronised, and the ex- leader expresses himself mildly discomforted by the outlook. Amongst the promising young men prepar- ing to enter the next Parliament is the Speaker's son, Mr. Robert Peel. This youth addressed a very noisy meeting in East Marylebone the other day, during which he was continually "heckled" by rowdies. At last a cockney, attracted by the whiteness of the candidate's dress shirt, yelled "Where do you 'ave yer shirts washed?" The ready reply was "I have always been taught from my earliest infancy, and have always practised in my maturer years, the rule of washing my dirty linen at home." This smart retort rendered the meeting quite good-tempered. The Jubilee Plunger was cheated out of vast sums at cards. Sir Geo. Chetwynd relates that at York in 1887 a shrewed old turfite came to him and said—"You had better warn Benzon not to play cards with —— (naming a well- known professional backer). He means to make a dead set at him; I heard the beggar say so." Sir George said he was sick of advis- ing Benzon. He broke promises as fast as he made them. At Huntingdon, some days later the same person came up and said to the baronet —"Well, what I spoke to you about has come to pass. After the races yesterday —— did get hold of that fool Benzon and eased him of ten thousand pounds." Sir George went to see the Jubilee next morning, and found it was quite true. That was the occasion upon which the baronet recommended Benzon to throw the balance of his fortune out of the window. Poor old Joe Capp, for many long years one of the best known racing reporters, died at Hastings last Saturday. He talked broad Yorkshire when excited, and the Pink Un (to the staff of which he belonged) contained many amusing stories of his peculiarities. The inner history of several turf scandals transpires in the course of Sir Geo. Chetwynd's entertaining volumes of racing reminiscences. Your readers may remember, for example, the talk there was after the Cambridgeshire of 1884 concerning a large present of £1,000 alleged to have been given Wood by the owner of the winner, Mr. Jno. Hammond. Wood was not on the latter's Florence in the race, but on her principal rival Sandiway, and as this mare ran very badly nasty things were afterwards said. No one could understand at the time why Sir Geo. Chetwynd persuaded the Duke of Westminster, or rather his manager, Mr. Grosvenor, to let Wood ride. We now learn Sir Geo. Chetwynd had a double event bet of 2,000 to 10 St. Gatien for the Cesarewitch and Sandi- way for the Cambridgeshire, and having won half the battle was naturally anxious to secure the whole. He put Wood on £300 to nothing, and Mr. Grosvenor added £200 more, so that a win would have meant £500 to the jockey. Mr. Hammond (if I remember aright) declared his £1,000 gift was Wood's share of certain bets won over the Cesarewitch. Apropos of the accusation that Archer pulled Galliard in the Derby of 1883 in order that his brother's horse Highland Chief might win, Sir George says he doesn't believe it. He had more money on Galliard than he had ever before betted on a horse, and he is quite certain that owing to his heavy shoulders the colt could not act down hill, and lost more ground than he could ever make up. Woods daring race on St. Blaise in this Derby, when he stole a couple of lengths at Tattenham Corner at the imminent risk of his life, is warmly com- mented on by Sir George, who nevertheless seems to share the impression of the jockeys concerned in the finish and most of the on- lookers (bar the judge), viz., that Highland Chief got up in the last few strides and won by half a length. Sir George Chetwynd was well in with the Baltazzi confederacy in 1875-6, and won a pot of money over the victories of Kisber, a better horse, he considers, than even Ormonde. I notice, by-the-bye the horse that wins a man most money is always "the best horse ever known." To this day lots of turfites aver the defeats of Bendigo by Minting and Ormonde were the consequence of "poor old Bendy" being "a bit off," and that fit and well the Irishman would have beaten either crack. The Boulogne bookmakers (i.e., the English list men stationed at Boulogne) must make handsome incomes out of the craze for double- event betting. In an experience of 20 years, Sir Geo. Chetwynd can, despite an extensive acquaintance, only recall some half a dozen instances of doubles coming off. The most remarkable he mentions was the well-known one of Count Jaraczewski, who took £10,000 to £100 about Robert the Devil and Lucetta for Cesarewitch and Cambridgeshite, and stood the bet out. Business at the Princesses Theatre has been just good enough to pay the heav expenses of "Antony and Cleopatra" (the salary list is £1,000 a week), and no more. Mrs. Langtry has therefore determined to keep costumes, &c.;, fresh for New York, and replace the revival with Coghlan's "Lady Barter," a three- act comedy (played in one scene) in the course of which the Lily will display her dexterity with foils, and fight a duel. Three hundred persons are employed in "Antony and Cleo- patra," "Lady Barter" will require eight. Mr. Jno. Woods, son-in-law of Ralph Lumley, is the author of the new comedy due at the Court on Saturday next. It was yester- day christened "The Volcano." Pinero's new piece now in rehearsal at the Garrick Theatre is called "Lady Bountiful." Miss Kate Rorke and Mr. Forbes Robertson play leading parts. The temporary improvement in the business at the Shaftesbury Theatre which I recently mentioned has not been maintained, and to- morrow that interesting but unlucky play "The Pharisee" will be withdrawn. The author is much to be commiserated. Produced at the Haymarket or Garrick with a young and capable actress like Miss Olga Brandon, or either of the sisters Rorke in the chief character, the piece would have run a year or more. That estimable but misguided lady Mrs. Lancaster-Wallis spoilt it. One couldn't take any interest in the fortunes or misfortunes of a raw-boned and faded elderly female with a painfully hysterical temperament. Mrs. Lancaster is now going to do what she should have done long ago—retire. I have not seen Maid Marian," the new comic opera at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, yet, but judging by the unananimously favor- able notices a success has been scored. The libretto seems to be a somewhat involved version of the popular story of "Robin Hood." Mr. Regd. de Kaven's score, however, must be quite out of the common. The composer has for a considerable time been recognised as a coming man in the States, but this is the first of his works played in London. It seems full of captivating melodies, and altogether original and attractive. But I can tell you more when I've heard the muaic myself. The robust style of Mr. Charles Warner is just suited to the romantic role of "Monte Cristo" at the Avenue Theatre, though it would be better perhaps it the dear fellow were not quite so stout. In the prison scene, where Dantes lies wasted by long years of suffering and privation, Mr. Warner's well nourished, not to say obese, form ratber spoils the illusion. The Avenue's version of Domas's masterpiece may be described as a series of melodramatic shocks, but it does not go badly, and on Satur- day appeared to please a fairly representative audience. Miss Millward is the heroine. Reports differ as to the business being done at the Royal English Opera. The music of "Ivanhoe" is, some say, too good (i.e., beyond the understanding) of your "average theatre- goer." Furthermore, be rebels at 15s, for a stall and 3s. 6d. for the pit. These prices may have to be altered. The "Lights of London" was revived at the Olympia on Monday, Wilson and Geo. Barrett resuming their original parts, and Miss Wini- fred Emery replacing Miss Eastlake as the persecuted hero's wife, Mr. Barrett, to ascer- tain whether there is any backbone in the absurd Ibsen craze, means to produce "The Pillars of Society" and "Ghosts" as a series of matinees. Playing old comedies as roaring farces has succeeded so well at the Criterion that Chas. Wyndham daringly proposes to treat the "School for Scandal" in this light-hearted fashion when "London Assurance" ceases to draw. That, however, won't be yet awhile, for the house is crammed eight times a week. Farren's "Sir Harcourt," Giddens's ''Dolly Spanker," Cyril Maude's "Coal," and Wynd- ham's "Dazzle" are certainly the best the pre- sent generation has seen. On the other hand Mrs. Bernard Beere's "Lady Gay" is certainly the worst. A second seeing leaves no doubt whatever of this. An interesting series of articles on "Popular papers" is appearing just now in Pearson's Weekly, which I consider on the whole the most enterprising and original of the "snipped" pennyworths. The first popular paper dealt with by Pearson's was naturally the editor's old friend Tit Bits; then came the Exchange and Mart, and then the Star. The article on the latter contained some edifying statistics, as for instance that on the day of Mrs. Pearcy's execution the circulation of this popular "h'aporth" reached its highest figure, viz., 336,000. The largest issue of the Star ever pub- listed was its Christinas double number, of which £26,000 were sold. Each copy con- taining eight instead of four pages this was equivalent to 452,000 ordinary Stars. A hundred and ninety three and a half miles of paper were used for this num- ber. Mr. Pearson's marriage competition has after all proved a failure. Miss Hill, the lady prize winner, was introduced to six specially selected suitors and interviewed each several times, but she could not make up her mind to finally take any one of them "for better or worse;" and at the end of several weeks with- drew from the competition. The editor should then have proceeded to select a second lady, and place her in communication with the six prize gents, but at this he blanched. The negotiations with Miss Hill had not merely cost him endless time, but £200 in coin. The expenses of the prize gents had to be paid, whilst they were, so to speak, under offer. Some came from the far north, others from Leeds and Liverpool. All stayed at hotels for more or less time, and enjoyed themselves royally at Pearson's cost. No wonder the poor man resolved not to begin this sort of thing again. He has instead started a honeymoon prize of £100 (which will be competed for annually), and which is open to all engaged couples anxious to get married. A coupon will be found in the six ensuing numbers of Pearson's and upon it readers are invited to in- scribe the names of any engaged couple whose claims they favor. No subscriber may sign more than one coupon, and must add the name of the shop or stall where he or she bought the paper. The couple who secure the largest number of recommendations win the prize. The conditions of this competition are very in- genious, and will, I imagine, benefit the paper's circulation materially. New novels include Mrs. Oliphant's "Janet." "The Maid of Honor," by Hon. Lewis Wingfield, and "He Fell Among Thieves," by Christie Murray and Henry Herman. Amongst cheap editions I can commend "Golden Lines," by Fredk. Wicks, a well- told and ingeniously constructed story capitally illustrated. Mr. H. S, Merriman's "Prisoners and Captives" is a most disappointing novel. It begins, after a thrilling prologue on a plague stricken ship, highly attractively. The hero and a number cf enthusiastic young Russopho- bists elaborate a desperate but ingenious scheme for rescuing a party of exiles detained in Siberia. One fancies the book is going to tell the story of this forlorn hope expedition. Chapter, however, follows chapter, yet the rescuers don't start. Instead the hero, the heroine, and heroine's friend prose insufferably on any and every con- ceivable subject. Finally at the close of the third volume the ship expected to do so much actually does get off at last. She is never heard of again. As for the unhappy exiles, two terrible chapters describe their late. These, however, are so well done that we can see if Mr. Merriman had chosen he might have elaborated a really exciting story of Siberian travel and adventure. 