THE NOVELIST. St. Cutlibert's Tower, BY FLORENCE WARDEN , (Author of " The House on tue Marsh," " A Prince of Darkness," &o;,). CHAPTER I.-(CONTINUED.) The young driver was looking ruefull at the overturned vobiole. He proved t have escaped with no worse damage than battered hat. Lucy, the maid, who ha ascertained that her head was still on he shoulders, had bound up her cut forehea with her handkerchief, and was scoldin the driver for his carelessness aa sh pointed to the scattered luggage. Th traces having broken as the cab fell, th horse had sustained very little hurt, s that on the whole,'the accident had bee: without tragic consequences. The rescue took hold of thé, girl and shook her by th arm. " Now, don't you think, considering al things, you might fiud some better use fo your tongue th jin scolding ? You migh have been upset a mile away on the road instead of which you are turned out.com f'ortably at your own door. For, I suppose you are coming to the hall ?" " Yes, sir," answered Lucy, abashed, bu still rather mutinous, not having the leas idea that she was speaking to aolergyman " So that the real sufferer by this spill ii neither you nor your mistress, but the poo lad who has driven ynu safely more that three miles over a very dangerously slippery road, and who will perhaps get dischargee by his master for haying injured.the cab Your mistress does not scold you for' hall an-hour if you break a plat9." " Yes, she does, sir," fired up Luoy, so un expectedly, that'Mr. Brander invöluntarilj glanced with surprise at the young lady. " Oh/ not M if.s^Olivia," added the little maid, almost indignantly j "it's Mrs. Denison I mean." " Well, then, if, you find the habit, BC un amiable in Mrs. Denison, as I see you do, you should take the greatest care not to fall into it yourself," said the vicar, suppressing a smile. Then he turned again to the lady. " Is everything ready for your coming ?" he asked, doubtfully. For he had passed the house that morn ing, and found it deserted, mildewed, and shuttered-up as usual. "No, nothing," said the girl. " We've come on in advance to prepare things for papa and mamma and the rest/' she added rather tremulously. The frightful immensity, of the under taking perhaps struck her now for the first time, as she stood j still shaking from the shock of the ^accident, staring at the smokeless ohimneys and shuttered.windows of the new home. Mr. Brander looked from one girl to the other, very Börry for both, wondering what kind of idiots the parents could'be to. send two inexperienced young lasses to grapple with all the diffi culties of installation. ' " And the f urniture P I suppose that has come ?" he suggested, dubiously. " Oh, I hope so," said.the girl, anxiously. , " I'll ask at the inn here.; If it has come they will have seen "it pass. And Mrs. Tew will give you both a cup of tea. You. don't mind going into an inn, do you ? It's a very respectablé place." " Oh, no, of course we don't," said Miss Denison. " Indeed, it 'is very, very kind of you to take so much trouble for us." " Trouble ! Nonsense. It's a splendid excitement. As far as I'm concerned I should like a pair of travellers overturned here once a week." He beckoned to Lucy, and led them the few steps baok to the inn door. John Old shaw was still standing in a defiant atti tude on thd doorstep, whence he had watched the proceedings with malicious interest. His" son was still peeping out, sheepish and ashamed, from behind him. , ** Here, Mat, will you run round to Mrs. WaH's-tell her that Miss Denison has come, and ask for the key of the Hall," said he. " And then'you might lend me a haud to take some of the lady's trunks into the house." Mat's face brightened and flushed. ; "All ritrht, sir," he said, and tried to push past his father. . But the elder man blocked the doorway with his arms, and stood like a rock. "Nay," he said, obstinately j "Mat doesna' Btir at tha bidding!^ Help t' wenches thnspl' ; thoo's used to it." Olivia drew back ; she was shocked, frightened, by tho dogged ferocity of the e 1 farmer's face, and by the sudden expres sion of some strong feeling-whether anger or anguish she could not quite tell -which for a moment convulsed the features of her unknown companion. As forOldshaw's coarse words, the strong York shire dialect rendered them unintelligible to her. They, however, roused the spirit of the phlegmatic Mat. "For shame, feyther?" cried he, in a voice "which was a now terror for the young lady, whose champion he thus deolared himself to be. " Mestef Brander, Ah'll go like a reace horse." And ducking, his long body under his father's left arm with an unceremonious roughness which shook that mighty man from his dignity, he touched, his cap to Olivia with oafish respeot, and ran off down the lane past tho hall barns with the best speed of his long leg's. " We won't go in there^thank you very much," said Olivia, when Mr.* Brander had come back to the spot to whioh she had re treated. " I could not pass that man ; I would rather not go near him." " Will you wait here while I find out about the furniture, then?" " Please promise not to quarrel with that horrid man about his rudeness to us. I can see he is one of those people who can't help being rude and horrid, just as some other . people cannot help being unselfish .and kind," said the girl, shyly, but with much, warmth. " Will you please promise P" " Yes," said he, simply, looking into her face with a grave, straightforward expression of interest and, as it seemed to her, of gratitude, which, surprised and touched her. Then he turned without another word, almost as if afraid to say another word, and going back rapidly to the inn, passed the farmer, who sullenly made way for him, and disappeared into the house. When he came hack his face was full of deep concern of a different kind. "I bring bad news,'' he said to the girls, who, mistress and maid, were shrinking together in their desolation. « I am afraid your furniture has not come, and-they say they haven't a room to spare in the inn for to-night. But if Mrs. Tew could see you and speak to you herself-" , " I wouldn't stay in the house," burst out Olivia, indignantly. " If we can only get into the Hall, Lucy and I can manage very well indeed." * " But the place is sure to be hideously damp, and there are no carpets ; in fact, there's nothing," said Mr. Brander, in dismay. . " The resources of the feminine mind are infinite," said Olivia, who was again blink ing behind her veil. " Here comes the old woman who has the keys, I suppose. I shall get her to take us in for a little while -at least, she'll have a cottage and a fire somewhere or other. And. perhaps while we are waiting there the furniture will come." Mr. Brander looked at her with renewed compassion. He thought this last a fore lone hope. f Don't be disappointed if it doesn't come yet," he said, encouragingly. "Old Sarah Wall will do" her best for you, I!m sure, and all the better if she doesn't see me talking to you. For you won't hear any good of me from her." And before Olivia could detain him to pour out again the thanks for bis kindness with which her heart was overflowing, he had raised his hat with a sudden cold ^withdrawal into himself, and turning' with the rapidity of the most accomplished ath lete, disappeared along the road which led through Lower Rishton, leaving her overwhelmed with surprise at the abrupt change in his manner, and with desolation at this unexpectedly sudden loss of their only friend. CHAPTER II.-T-A HAUNTED ROOM. Old Sarah Wall, the key-bearer, who now cam e amblin g up at a very slew pace,holding her hand-to her_side,and m uttering feebly as she moved, was a poor exchange, Olivia thought, for the masculine friend who had ended his kindly services so abruptly. He had not even waited, as he had intimated an intention of doing, to see the luggage safely moved into , the house. Mrs. Wall looked very cross, and not too clean. Scarcely deigning to glance at the strangers, she muttered, " This way t" and then fell to groaning as she led the way through the farmyard up to the house. Olivia paused to look despairingly at her scattered trunks, and to give a kindly word of comfort to the unlucky cabdriver, who waa still occupied in estimating the damage done to bis vehicle, and his chances of getting it back to Matherham that night. As ehe did so she heard a footstep on the hard ground beside her. and found the shamefaced and blushing Mat at her side. ^ Ah'll get t' luggage in all reight, never fear," said he, in a voice so gruff with excessive bashfulness that poor Olivia thought him surly, arid shrank baok with a cold refusal: of his services rising to her, lips. , Mat thought she identified him with his father, and so hastened to offer a neat apology for that gentleman's conduct. "Feythor's a pig," Bald he. . " Boot he wunna harm ye ;: / n' Ah'll.do what Ah can to raak* oop for him being FO rough." And he shouldered one trunk and caught up another, and strode along towards the house, whistling to himself with the defiant carelessness of one who feels he has done a bold stroke. The lady and her attendant followed, -someweat soothed by this little show of friendliness. Even in the midst of her feelings of desolation and disappointment, in spite of the keen cold and of the forlorn, blind look whioh shuttered and shut-up win dows, broken chirnney-pots, and un trimmed ivy gaye to the house, 01iviai could not look quite without admiration; and a youthful sense of delight in the pic turesque at the bid Hall. The body bf the house was a long, plain, two storeyed building, with a flagged roof and a curious wide, flat portioo, supported by two spin dleshank wooden pillars, beneath which three stone steps, deeply hollowed out and worn by generations of feet, led to the front door. At the west end a gabled wing, flag-roofed like the rest, ran back from the body of the house j and at right angles to this there jutted out westwards a second small wing of the same shape. In these, the oldest portions of the house, traces of former- architectural beauties remained in stately Tudor chimneys and two mullioned windows, round which the ivy clustered in huge bushes, long left neglected and untrimmed. At this end of the building a little garden *ran underneath the walls, protected from the incursions of intrusive cows by a wall whioh began towards the back of the house by being very > high,, and ended towards the front by being very low. From the wall to the house the garden had been shut in by palings and a little gate ; but these were now much broken and decayed, and afforded small protection to the yews and kolly-bushes^ the little leafless barberry tree, and the shabby straggling evergreens, whioh grew thickly against the weather- stained walls of the old house, choking the broken panes of the lower windows as the ivy did those of the upper ones. It was this western end that was visible from the road, the view of the front being obscured by a long stone- built barn, very old, and erected on foundations older still, about which bung traditions of monkish days. If she had seen it at any other time, Olivia would have been crazy with delight at the thought of living in such a place ; and even now, cheerless as the immediate prospect was, it gave her a gleam of com fort to reflect that, if she did have to pass the night .without any bed amongst the rats, the ancestors of those rats had scampered over the place in the time of Queen Elizabeth. With some difficulty Mrs. Wall turned the key in the rusty look and admitted them. It seemed that she had a grievance in the fact that she had not known on what day they were to arrive. As a matter of fact, she was one of those persons who are .never prepared for anything, but Olivia bad "had no means of learning her peculiarities, and so she met the old woman's complaints in a humble and apologetic spirit which increased Mrs. Wall's arrogance. . The entrance hall was low-roofed and square ; the .walls were covered with, a cheap and commonplace paper, the wains coting and the banisters of the broad stair' case were cf painted wood. This was the portion of the house which had suffered most during its decadence. Olivia, examining everything with an eye keen to discover the good points to be made the most of in her new home, found that where the paint had worn off the staircase and wainscot dark oak was revealed underneath, . and she rashly uttered an exclamation of horror at the vandalism of the farm's occupants. " The idea of spoiling beautiful dark oak with this horrid paint 1 Why, the people who did it ought to be sent to penal servitude 1" . Mrs. Wells was' scandalised. " T' folks aV lived, here last liked i' place clean,", she said; severely. " It'll ni wer look t' same again as it did, wi' a .clean white antimácassar. stitched on to. ivery chair, and wax flowers under glass shades in a't' parlor winders. An't' parlor allua as neeat as a .new pin, so yo wer áfreaid a'most to cobm'intp't. Ah, ye moen tal lt o' yer gentlefoaks, but they'll nivvi-r mak'it look t'same again !" Olivi/i had opened the door to the right, and throwing wide the shutters.of one of the three large windows, revealed a long, low-ceilinged room,/used as the living room by the late farmer's family, and hav ing at. the farther end a wide, high, old fashioned fireplace, the mouldings of which had been oaref lilly covered with whitewash, now smoke-begrimed and worn into dark streaks. The shutters and the wainscoting which in this room was breast high upon tho walls-had been treated in the same way. Olivia uttered a groan, and turned to tho door, afraid of uttering more offensive remarks. ' Then they went upstairs and opened the doors of a lot of little meanly papered bedrooms which formed the upper storey of this part of tho, house. Having allowed the new-obmers- to examine these, while she remained sniffing in the passage, Mrs. Wall shuffled hastily back to the staircase. " Stop 1" cried Olivia, aa the, old woman placed one. downtrodden shoe on the second step j " we haven't seen the other part of the house at all. . Where does this lead to P" And she peered into a crooked passage which led into the first of the two older wings. . .,,. ; . Mrs. Wall paused with evident reluc tance. " There's nowt yonder " but t' worst o' t' bedrooms j ye've seen t' best," she grum bled. But Olivia was already Exploring, fol lowed by Luoy ; and the old woman, with much reluctance, brought up the rear. The passage was quite dark, and Very cold. The tallow dip which Mrs. Wall carried gave only just enough light to enable the explorers to find the handles of the doors on the left. One of these Olivia opened, not without difficulty, for the floor was strewn with lumber of all sorts which the last occupier of the farm had not thought worth carrying away. The walls of this room, which was very small, weré panelled right up to the low ceiling; and the panelling had been white washed. A second chamber in this passage was in a similar condition, except that the panelling had been torn down from two of the four walls, and its place supplied by a layer of plaster. Holding up her skirts very carefully, Olivia stepped across the dusty piles of broken boxes, damaged fire irons, and odds and ends of tom carpet, with which the floor of this room also was covered, and looked through the dusty panes of the little wiud'ow. "Now you've seen.a*/' said Mrs. Wall, rather querulously. " An' t! lad down stairs 'll be wanting to. know wheel*, to put t* things." . . : She was retreating with her candle: when Olivia stopped her a jain. " No," she said, eagerly, " we've not seen all. There's a wing of the house we've not been into at all ; and I can see through the little window,*on this side pf it, some curtains and a flower vase with something still in it. It doesn't..look empty and deserted like the rest. I must get in there before I go down.". But Mrs. Wall's bid face had wrinkled up with superstitious terror, and it was only'by force of muscle that the young girl succeeded in cutting off her retreat. " Na," she said, her voice sinking to a croaking whisper. u I canna' talc' ye in theer. An'-an' t' doors are locked, ye see," she added, eagerly, as Olivia, still grasping her conductress's arm, in vain tried the door at the end of the passage, and one on the lëft-hànd side at right angles with it, " Well, but why are they locked ?" asked the young girl, impatiently, her rich toned, youthful voice ringing sonorously through the long-disused passage. "The whole place is ours now, and I have a right to see into every corner of it." "Oh, Miss Olivia, perhaps we'd better go back-go downstairs-for to-day," sug gested tho little maid Lucy, rather timor ously, behind her. Mrs. Wall's nervous tremors were begin ning to infect the poor " girl, who was, moreover, very cold, and longing for some tea. But her young mistress hid at least" her fair share of an immoyablë "British obstinacy. Finding that both doors were firmly locked, and that there waa no key to either forthcoming/she flung tue whole weight of her massive and muscular young body against the dooron the left, until the old wood cracked and tho rusty nuils rattled in the disused hinges. " Mercy on us !'' exclaimed 'Sarah Wall, petrified by tho audacity of the young Amazon.'1 " Shoo 'll have f owd place iiboot our ears !" .. Take the candle, Lucy," said Olivia, imperiously/ perceiving that the dip wan Haring and wobbling in an ominous man ner in the old woman's trembling fingers. Lucy obeyed, frightened, but curious. Her mistress made two more vigorous on slaughts upon the door ; ' the first produced a great creaking and straining; at the second tho, door gave way t on its upper hinge, BO that ~ the girl's strong hands were able to force-the lock with ease. She turned to the guide in some triumph. "Now, Mrs. Wall, we'll unearth your ghost, it there is ono. At any rate, we'll get to the bottom of your mystery in five minutes." Hut she did not. Pressing on to the end of a very narrow unlighted passage in which she now found herself, Olivia came to a second 'door ; this opened easily, and admitted hor into a' large chamber, the aspect of which, dimly seen by the fading light which came through a small square window on her left, filled her brave young spirit with a sudden sense of dreariness and desolation. For it was not empty and lumber-strewn, like the rest of the rooms she had entered. The dark forms of cumbrous, old-fashioned furniture were discernible in the dusk ; the heavy hangings of a huge four-post mahogany bedstead shook, as a rat, 'dis turbed by the unwontéd intrusion, slid down the curtain and scurried across the floor. As «he stepped slowly forward on the carpet, whioh was damp to the tread, and peered to ri»ht and left in the gloom, Olivia could see strange relics of the room's last occupant ; the withered remains of what had been a bunch of flowers on a table in front of the little window ; an assortment of Christmas curds and valentines, ali of design now out of date, and all thiokly covered with brown dust, fastened with pins on to the wall on each side of the high mantelpiece; ëvëh a book, a railway novel, with its yellow boards gnawed by the rats, which she pioked up rather timorously from the floor, where, by this time, it seemed to have* acquired a consecrated right to lie. Still advancing very slowly, Olivia reached the opposite end of the room, where her quick eyes "had perceived the barred shutters of? a second and muoh larger window. With some difficulty she removed, the bar, which had grown stiff and rusty, and, drawing back the heavy shutters, revealed the long,, stone mullioned window,. with diamond panes, which had been Buch a picturesque feature of the house from the outside. The thick,: untrained ivy obscured one end of it, but enough light glimmered through the dirt-encrusted panes for Olivia to be now quite sure of two things, of which she felt nearly sure before-namely that this was the best bedroom in the house, and that, for some mysterious reason, this chamber, instead of being dismantled like the rèst, had been allowed to remain for a period of years almost as its lasfrpccupant had left it. Almost, but not qurro ; for the bedding had been removed, the covers to the dressing-table and the gigantic chest of drawers, and the white curtains which had once hung before the shuttered window. ' . On the other hand, a host of knicknaoks remained to testify to the sex, the approximate age, and the measure of refinement of the late owner. More mil way novels, all well worn ; flower vasej Lof an inexpensive kind ; two hand- mirrws, one broken ; a drenm-book ; a bow ' bf bright ribbon ; a handsome cut- glass scent bottle ; these things, among others, -were as suggestive as a photograph; while the fact that this room alone had been stu diously left in its original state, and-even furnished in accordance with it, threw a new and more favorable light on the taste of that mysteriously interesting somebody whose individuality made itself felt across a lapse of years to the wondering new . comor. Olivia Denison wasnot by any m dans a fanciful girl. She had been brought up b; a step-mother--a mode of education littl likcdy to produce an unwholesome forcing of the sentimental tendencies. She wae besides, too athletic and vigorously health; to be prone to superstitious or anorbi< imaginings.' But as she stood struininj her eyes in the fading daylight to take ii every d etui I of the mysterious room, th panelling, which in this apartment alon was left its.own dark color, seemed to tak strange moving patterns as she looked ; tin musty, dose air seemed to choke her; thi faint creakings and moanings either in th ancient woodwork,, or the loose- hanginj ivy outside, grew in her listening eará to i murmur as of a voice trying to speak and miserably failing to muke itsel understood. She was roused by a shril cry^and found Lucy, whose fear for he mistress had overcome her fear of this deso late room, shakiug her by the arm, anc pulling her towards the door. "Oh, Miss Olivia, do come out do come out ! You're going t< faint ; I'm sure you are. lt's all thii horrid room-this horrid house. Oh do come, and write and tell master it's; no a flt plaoe for Christians to come to, anc he'd never prosper if he was to come here and nor wouldn't none of us, I'm positive Do come, Miss Olivia, there's a dear. It's hi to choke one in here, what with thoratsanc tho damp, that it is. And if we was tc stay here long enough, we'd Bee ghosts, J know." Olivia laughed. No phantom hue terrors for her, however strong an impres sion half-guessed realities might make upon her youthful imagination. " Don't be afraid, Lucy," she said, en couragingly. " We'll soon frighten thc ghosts awaj'-by letting in a little fresh an into these musty rooms. ; Here, help me." Half reassured by her resonant voice, thc maid accompanied her to the larger window still clinging to her arm, bub more for com panionship than with the idea of . affording support to her mistress, who had recovered her self- command. Together they succeeded in throwing open both windows to theil fullextent, not, however, accomplishing this without a shriek from Lucy as a great bird flew out of the hanging ivy, and almost Sapped against their faces in his confusion at this unusual disturbance. They both felt ásense of relief as the keen but fresb outside air blew into the long- closed room, dispersing the mouldy, musty., .smell of damp hangings and decaying wood. Even the old woman, who had stood all this time in the doorway, apparently engaged in muttering incantations over the tallow dip, but really transfixed by this audacity of young blood, drew a long breath us the rush of fresh air reached her, and gathered courage to ask " what they were after doin' now." " We're ' after ' ransacking evoiy corner of this old ghost run, .turning it upside down and inside out, and chasing away the last shadow of a bogey," answered Olivia, cheerily.' " Here's .another room to look into." Crossing the room with a light step, she opened the door of the second of the closed up apartments. This chamber had also escaped the dismantling of the rest of the house, but it contained very little that would'haye been worth taking away. It was lighted by three small windows, all much broken, and all hung with limp rags that had once been muslin c urtains,gaily tied up with blue ribbons, which were now almost , colorless with dust and damp. The floor was covered with matting, which smelt like damp straw, and had evidently afforded many á meal to the rats now scurrying behind the woodwork, which in this room was much decayed and in far from good repair. A plain deal table, from which the cover had been removed two limp, wicker chairs with ragged cushions ; an empty bird cage ; a fanciful wicker kennel for a lapdog ; these were nearly all that was left of the furni ture. . Olivia inspected everything with eager but silent interest, and then turned sud denly to Sarah Wall, who had again fol lowed them as far as the door, preferring even the eerie passage of the bedroom to solitude outside. " Who lived in these rooms last ?" she asked. But the candle nearly fell from Mrs. Wall's hand as, for all answer, she with drew into the desolation of the deserted bedroom, rather than face the eager ques tioner again. Olivia was not to be put off so easily. She followed precipitately, and, changing the form of her attack, said " How long is it since these rooms were shut up, Mrs. Wall ?" The guide's eyes shifted about, refusing to meet those of the youug giri. 'f Two year ; same as rest o' t' house," she answered, in a grumbling tone. " Only two years ? It wasn't shut up I long before the family went away, then ?" said Olivia, incredulously. " Not as Ah knaws on," answered Sarah Wall. Miss Benison hated an untruth with the impetuous loathing of an honest nature. She would have liked to shake this wretched old woman, who would not be cundid on a subject which could not be of the slightest importance to her. Perhaps her companion got an inkling of.this information, for she turned and beat a hasty retreat along the narrow passage" which led from the bedroom to the body of the house, Olivia did not at once follow her. With a curious reluctance, whether reverence for a dead past whose relics she was disturbing, or fear of some shoot which its revelations- might bring her, she scarcely knew, the girl pioked up one of tho dust-begrimed novels and looked at the title page. But there was nothing written on it. She opened three or four more of the novels with the same result. By this time it was growing so dark that she had to hasten her movements for fear thatwheii atlast a clue was found she might be unable to distinguish the letters. Having in vain examined every book upon the table, she continued' to explore until she found, on a small hanging bookshelf in an obscure corner of the room, a little pile.of devotional works - bible, hymn book, Bogatsky's "Golden Treasury," a tiny " Daily Portion,'' arid a prayer book. This last was on the top of all. As Olivia opened it, there fell to the floor tiny dried scraps of flowers and fern. Turning to the flyleaf, and carrying the book in haste to the window, she found these words written in a round schoolboy's hand " Ellen Mitchell, from her affectionate brother Ned," And a date of *18 yearB back. Olivia replaced the prayer book on the shelf, and left the old room without further delay, followed by Lucy, who had re mained close ab hand, but discreetly silent, during these investigations; When they reached the outer end of the passage, Olivia glanced with some curiosity at the bid door she had so roughly broken down, and as she did so, some letters, written, in pencil high on the upper panel caught her eye. With difficulty she made out a date in July 10 years before. " I wonder;" she thought, " whether that is the date on which the rooms were locked up. If so, it was eight years before the last people left the house, I know. And their name was Mitchell. Whom can I ask to tell me the story ?" And, having forgotten cold, fatigue, and hunger, in the interest of her dis coveries, Olivia Denison made her way slowly down to the ground floor again^ where she caught Mrs. Wall in the act of slipping out at the front; door. 