PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. (BY A CARPES.) There is always a certain amount of ex pectancy about a Budget statement, both inside and outside the House, an expectancy that is at fever heat a week or so before the eventful day, and gradually cools off as ont by-one gather from one source or another the salient points of what the Treasurer is Coing to say. Budget statements have had a curious run during the last three j ears, and perhaps a natural one in a colony in a sort of transition state ikcli as we are in The Parliament opened with the won drous prosperity Budget of Mr Gillies, when he scattered largesse with a princely hand to an admiring House and country; then came the half apologetic Budget of last year, when the Treasurer, with a regre'ful air that presaged his sub sequent defeat, spoke to cynteil and un j sympathetic House and country; and the , last Budget of this Parliament and the first I of the new Treasurer’s, is a cool passing on the difficulties that have arisen to the now Parliament with the comical instruction that as that Peril imcnt in its first session will not be hampered with the possibilities of a general election, it is more fitted to deal with it. It is very friendly of Mr Munro to pass it on in this way, Bnt it is just possible th't in doing so he is digging a pit 'or him j self next year, should his Ministry last so ; long. Hew taxation is not at any time a nice j sort of thing Whoever is taxed will make i a noise. But there are better prospects of i forcing a taxation upon the House in i the last than there is in the first session Hew taxation is always a wide open door for intrigue; and there is no antidote for intrigue so effective as an impending dissolution Necessarily, a bold policy, that did what was required, irrespective of expediency, implies a Mims try of stiong men, and pissing it on some thing very different. But, at any rate, Mr Munro claimed the sympathy of all his listeners as he proceeded to unfold his lists of somewhat unsatisfac tory figures To a Ministry that comes to power from the direct Opposition, the first 12 months nf office is usually an awkward and unsatisfactory time It is the time during which old ghosts of fervid speeches and big promises of what would be done “ were I yon,” come op unfailingly to put newly-fledged Ministers to the blush. “All things are possible in a democracy,” says Mr Hanoi ck, m all the rosey haze of bis early morning experience, but it is only when these possibles are sought to be aohived that the “ all things” commence to dwindle till they become few enough The easiest of all criticisms is to show how a financial statement should be set right, the hardest is to do so As Mr Munro is a financcr, and a banker, he has always been looked upon as one with almost a professional power to bring order out of our treasury chaos, and he has never hesitated to accept the homage paid to his superior knowledge How he must have longed on Tuesday for the freedom of the old days on the other side; for it is such a hard thing to do these easy things on the Treasury side of the House. However Mr Munro did what is always the,beat thing to do when old ghosts arise; he simply ignored them, or gave them anew name All Ministers learn the same lesson very quickly, and should it so happen that they leave office with a pro spect of returning at some future time, which does not often happen, their subse quent opposition tactics are not so free and flashing It was evident all through Mr Mnnro’a address that he was fully impressed with the fact that the one thing that he was expected to do was to, with a bold hind, set Mr Gillies’ financing straight; but it was just as evident that he certainly did not intend to accept the full burden of the mission that last year seemed so easy to carry, and feign ing to accept the responsibility, while keep mg clear of the actual wc.ght, made the labor of the speech heavy indeed. Mr Munro has not yet been hardened to these matters of expediency; a more seasoned politician would have ignored his promises with n lighter heart, and a less labored utterance. “ What’s in a name ?’ is a question often asked and often answered, but really it seems hard to determine the difference between Mr Gillies’ system of recoups and Mr Munro’s special fund for the wiping out of these deficits, Mr Gillies looked interested as this part of the speech was reached—for it was well known at this time that no new taxation would be pro passed—and leaned forward expectantly to hear the proposals that were to do what he found it impossible to accomplish; and, as the new scheme gradually unfolded itself, ho leaned back with a smiling face, and evi dently with a lightened heart. Patience is a most powerful factor in politics, and Mr Gillies’ patience in waiting for events to justify Ins financing was to some extent re warded on Tuesday There is always a certain amount nf hazi ness about bon. members when they ad journ after a financial statement, and the one thing only that was dear in their minds as they rose on Tuesday, was that the difference between Mr Munro and Mr Gillies was very hard to define, and that each memb°r had a free hand at tno geueiul elec tion to shirk the direct discussion of the new incidence of taxation, which is inevitable, by advocating some sort of tax that finds its billet in some other constituency; and that, at the present time, is a mercy to ho thankful for. For no doubt the next elcc tion will give rise to some strange ideas, and some members will find themselves with some strange bed fellows Whether the prophets are true or not does not yet appear; but they are fond of prophesying that the next election campaign will be a perfect “ harvest home” of fads, otherwise called progressive ideas, The Munro Budget has left all this an open question, and is nothing your cvndn’-te loves so much as questions fcq open that be can go through tnem frontways, backways, or sideways The one real piece of policy about the Budget is something that will make the already difficult question of reforming the railways still more difficult, and assist, more than anything else, in bringing Mr Gillies back to power. It was clearly laid down by Mr Munro that as tho railways were responsible for the deficit the railways would have to make it good The general revenue, he said, was only £23,000 behind, the rest of the large debit balance was due to the railway losses. It hardly dawned upon members during the week what this really meant; hut a few days will make it clear to them. Practically the policy of the Government, accoiding to the Budget speech, is railway reform, and that alone. It was understood that financial re form was a first plank in their platform, but evidently they have come to the conclusion that this is a smaller question hanging upon a much larger one. Briefly, it is evident that Mr Munro is satisfied with the Trci snry as he finds it, and discovers the whole leakage to he in the administration of the railways. This may be a fact, probably is; but he will find it difficult to persuade the House that it is possible to effect a dual reformation in tins wiy without raising freights and fares. There is the rub Whatever taxation the House submits to, it will never submit to this. It is too much like direct taxation, and direct taxation is something no one cares very much about— cheaper and better though it undoubtedly is Thus it is, then, that the Budget simply merges the double mission of the Mimstrj into a single one, and they stake their exist ence upon their determination to bring Mr Speight to his knees The insistence by Mr Munro upon the railway estimates being submitted to Parliament item by item means more than a mere change of system. In conjunction with the rest of his statement, it means that the Government have more than a suspicion that it is not in freights and fares that the trouble exists; but that it is to be found in the number and amount of the salaries and the general surroundings of administration They maybe right, and it may be possible to right the finances in this way; but, if so, the one first step to bo taken is to clothe themselves with power to do this. At present the Treasurer can only look over the railway ledger with his pruning knife and long to get in. Will the House make a gateway for him, and will ho find all he expects even if he does get there ? These are questions many are asking. This swings us by a natural procuca to the event of the week in the submission of the correspondence to the House that passed b°- tween Mr Shiels and the Commissioners It was well that Mr Shiels made an effort, and submitted it when he did. Mr Shiels haa guarded these letters as if his very life depended upon Par liament getting them before any news paper. To do this it wss neeesssry to have them printed, snd this anxiety nearly landed the Attorney General in an awkward corner. It was necessary that Mr Shiels should un fold his railway policy before the Budget speech, but his great care and caution re tarded the printing of the correspondence. It ia doubtful whether it would hare appeared thia week had not mischief been -afloat. It leaked out on Tueadafdhat nMr Tucker was likely to move for a select com mittee, on the grounds that it was necessary that the House should have all the evidence before it. Support was being found freely in the Government Corner, when the Ministry put its foot down strongly, and the letters had to take the risk of some smart reporter getting an advance copy. Care is all very well, but care killed something once. _ _ i It was rather a pity that his position as ex-Treasurer compelled Mr Gillies to speak, for Mr Muuro had practically granted him absolution for his sins asTreasurer; aodit was hardly possible for him to avoid re-stating his old defence of the recoups No one sees an advantage quicker than Mr Gillies, and he fully realised all the Budget statement meant to his reputation. Bis defence of the recoups was hardly so vigorous as of yore. It was a kind of fare well to them. It ia more than likely it is the last time Mr Gillies will trouble about them He is shrewd enough to see au opportunity for cutting an awkward friend. 