mSS? « CHAPTER XV.— THE BAILIFF PUOVIDES AGAINST CONTINGKNGIEH. CIIAI'TKIt XVI —LOUD LKONA11D PROFFERS FRIENDSHIP. CHAPTER XVII.— AT HUE HOOP. COTTAOE. CHAPTER XVIII.— A RESORT TO DESPERATE MEASURES. CHAPTER XIX.— AT OLENSAE. CHAPTER XX.— MOTHER AND SON. CHAPTER XXI.— A MOVE IN THE DARK. CHAPTER XXII. -STRANGE ARRIVALS. UxlArxr.lt AXIII. — THE SECRET OF TIIE LEGACY. CHAPTER XXIV— TIIE TABLES TURNED. CHAPTER XXV— A BOLD STROKE. CHAPTER XXVL— IN A STATE OF SIEGE. CHAPTER XXVII— THE IIADDS ON SLIPPERY GROUND. CHARTER XXVIII— A VILLAINOUS COMPACT. CHAPTER XXIX.— THE PLOT SUCCESSFUL. CHAPTER XXX— ENTRAPPED. CHAPTER XXXI— ROSAMOND'S WHEREABOUTS. CHAPTER XXXII. —A CHANGE FOR THE BETTER. CHAPTER XXXIII.— IN SAFE QUAIITKRa CHAPTER XXXI V. -UNEXPECTED NEWS. CHAPTER XXXV— AN ENOUIRY ANSWERED. CHAPTER XXXVI— A STRANGE COINCIDENCE. CHAPTER XXXV1L— THE 'QUESTION SET AT REST. OHAPTER XXXVIII— THE LIGHT BREAKING. CHAPTER XXXIX— TIIE WILOU ESTER INHERI TANCE. II AFTER XL— CONCLUSION. CHAPTER XIII.— Continued. lio bailitt looked afc him yet more keenly, and continued — "Alter her t'athor's death, which occurred about the same time as Lord Pa "ret Evremond's, I received a letter from Miss Deane, stating that she was about' to return to Wilchester, end would pay her father's debt. I believo her letter was in reply to one of mine to her urging the payment, I having understood that her father was at the point of death. She mentioned the date of her return, and I went at the time appointed to meet her at the station." " She came here, then," cried Hugh eagerly, " after her fathers death ?" "Yes, sho came, and I brought her to my house. I settled the debt with her, and she then desired me to send a messenger to Berwick Hall to Lord Paget Bvromoiid. I replied by tell ing her that Lord Paget lay dead in state at the hall, and that he had been dead a week. Imagine my conster nation when sho gave a frightful shriek, and fell in a heap at my feet, as unconscious as a stone ! .1 have always thought since then,", added the bailitt) "that Lord Berwick did not withdraw his son from the Continent too soon. Whether ho had- over loved her or nob, Gertrude Beano loved him with all her soul." There was a choking sensation in Hugh's throat, and a mist swept before his eyes, as he said — " Poor young thing j What did she do then 1 " " She came out of one swoon to go info another, and kept that sorb of thing up for an hour or two," said the bailiff, in his hard, unsympathising tones. " And then she gob up and insisted on.niy taking her to Berwick Hall. I did so, for I began to' fear she would die on my hands. Lord Berwick was in his own chamber and saw no one. We wore allowed to go into the room wliero the dead young man was lying, but at the door Miss Deane waved me back, and wont in alone. As the door was open for an instant, I saw Lord Leonard Evre- mond standing at the foot of the bior. He looked up and saw her, and then the door was shut upon them, and they were alone together." Hugh's nerves seemed strung to the utmost tension. A groan, which he with difficulty repressed, trembled on his white lips. This story— so com pletely giving the lie to Lord Leonard's assertion that Gertrude Deane had never returned t'o Wilchester after her father's death — lie knew in his soul- to. be the true one. , V " Go on !" he said, huskily. ' " Ger trude Deano and Lord Leonard Evre- ' mond stood together by the dead man's coffin! And then-'" The bailiff hesitated, but, after a brief silence, he resumed his narfa- tivo. " I stood in the corridor outside, but although the voices of the two were plainly to be heard, I could not distiuguish what either said. I fancied at times that the girl's voice was wild and full of pleading, and now and then it broke into a wild" ' w'ail that made my blood orawl. They stayed in there full two' hours. At lasttho door opened, and the girl came out — she was dressed in deep mourning for her father — looking like a ghost in a black shroud. Her face was wild and white like marble, and her eyes were terrible to look at. She put out her hand, blincl-liko, and clutched' my arm, and we walked away together, and the last I saw of Lord Leonard, ho came to the door of tiie dead-room, and looked after us, white-looking, and as proud and ugly as Lucifer." A low moan broko from Hugh's lips. Despite his self-control, he could not prevent that token of his agony. " I brought the girl home, bub sho would not stay here. She 'eft by the latest train that night, and where she went I neither know nor care," said the bailiff, coolly. " I have always thought that she might have com mitted suicide. She was alone in the world — utterly alone ! I have also thought that she was crazy in love , with Lord Paget. It would have been a great thing for her to have married him, but lie knew his valuo better than to throw himself away on his tutor's daughter. Lord Leonard called on me afterward, and talked the matter over. He said that he had reason to believe that his brother had not acted rightly by Gertrude Dearie — that, in short, he had deceived her ! I tiiink the same, for all the way homo from the Hall sho sat liko a stono in the waggon, and she spoke but once, and that was to mutter wildly something about ' Lost ! lost I Nothing but deatli is left to me !' " Hugh's agitation had become almost uncontrollable. I-Ie felt that lib could sit no longer under that keen, dissecting gaze, and ho moved ab ruptly back into the shadow, saying hoarsely — " I would give much, Mr. Hndd, for only a little more light on this subject. You, can tell mo nothing more'!" " Nothing. I dare say the girl com mitted suicide. I have heard that she wont to America as an honest man's lawful wife. Lord Leonard it was, I think, who told mo so. And now I remember, Mr. — ah ! Mr. Chandos, who you so much resemble. You are the very image of Lord Paget JSvro- mond ! Can this matter of Miss Donne's be a personal one 1" And the bailiff smiled disagreeably. " Are you an unrecognised scion of tho noble house of Berwick — a son,. perhaps, of protty Gertrude Deane?" Hugh's blood boiled in his veins. " Permit mo to thank you for the information you liavo given mo," he said, " and to take my leave." Ho bowed haughtily, arising, and moving towards the door. At tho threshold ho encountered Jason Hadd. Ho halted a moment, tho two recog nising each other, and Hugh then took up his hat and hurried out into the night air, his soul convulsed within him, and his brain seeming on fire. OHAPTER XIV. rosamond also investigates matters. Upon tho evening subsequent to the occurrences detailed in tho preceding chapter, Rosamond Wilchester was seated alone in her room, pondering deeply on the complication of her father's affairs. Her supper remained untasted on tho table while she conned over in her mind a plan she determined to pursue. She was convinced that if she could see the bailiff's books she should be able to discover some of his frauds, and thus get in some measure free from the entanglement they were in.. With her to resolve was to act. On the following morning, in pursuance of her resolution, she despatched a messenger to tho bailiff, request ing that- individual to forward to the Towers his books for inspection — the same books over which Sir Archy had of late pored so intently and anxiously with Mr. Hadd. The bailiff replied to her demand in a little note full of compliments) de clining to send the books, alleging that musty old account boobs were not pleasant reading for young ladies, and recommending instead some volumes of poetry as more suitable for protty young heads. Flushing with anger Rosamond re peated her demand in her father's name and her own. The bailiff sent back word that the books were in the hands of his new clerk, but that Sir Archy was free to examine thom whenever he chose to call at Mr. Hadd's residence. Ifc was evident that the bailiff was suspicious and distrustful, and that he did not desire to allow the books to leavo his custody. " How insolent he is, papa," ex claimed the young girl, showing the 'note to Sir Archy. "He! conducts himself already- as master." " He feels his power," said .the baronet. "But 'don't take his in solence to heart, Rosamond. It will do you no good to look over the books. I have been' over them myself with Hadd till my brain was in a whirl." " But if you and I could sit down to them here in the quiet of our own library, "said Rosamond, "we could soon see if there, was anything wrong in the accounts. It looks suspicious, papa, that he will not let us take the books whonttie'has two sets. There is surely something wrong, and lie is determined that we shall not disco'vor it." Sir Arcliy was little counforted by this declaration. As lie h'acl said, he had no .head, for business. I-Io had tried.to see his way out of his present difficulties, but on learning the amount of his debts, and on - looking into tho facts as presented by ITadd, he had relinquished all hope, and given him self up to the current that was bearing him to ruin. " I must see the books," said Rosa mond after a thohghtful pause. " I suspect Hadd of cheating you in every way, papa. And this morning I sent the butler— he ,is old Bettino's grandson, you know, and devoted to us — to the different tenants, to learn the amount each pays for rent. 1' am expecting him back every moment, and I am impatient to compare his notes witli Hadd's books. Should there be any discrepancies, although the amount may be small and of no' benefit to us, it will prove Hadd's treachery." "Arid if we prove that, Rosa mond 1" "We will put the books into the hands of some skilful accountant," cried Rosamond, her groy eyes glow ing. "Wo vll.havo a bold — a cheok — upon our enemy. We will be able to hold him at bay. Dear papa wo will struggle and make a bravo fight for the dear old Towers, will we not ?" She put her arm in his, and looked up at him brightly, liko an angel of hope, to whioli her father in his heart compared her. " Yes, Rosamond, wo will struggle, even if our struggle is vain," said Sir Archy, putting on a brave front for her sake. " Put on your hat, and lot us walk on the terrace till the butler comes. You liavo infeotod me with yOur own impatience." Rosamond laughed, and hurried to equip herself for tho walk. By the time Sir Archy had put on his gloves and overcoat, she came back witli a loose gray cloak over hor silk dress, a round hat set lightly over her hair, and tho shimmering trail of her robe thrown lightly over ono arm. She slipped hor arm in his, and they proceeded to tho terrace — a wide space in front of tho castle, flagged' with great blocks of light-coloured stone, and inclosed with a handsome carved stone balustrade. It was aftomoon, and tho Novem- bor sun was shining from a nest of gray clouds with a dull and wintry light. The- wind was. blowing, and the air was keen and chill. The two, arm in arm, walked slowly up and down tho terrace, talking as thoy went, and casting frequent glances towards the great gates, through which thoy expected to beheld the butler malting his appearance. " I wish ho would come !" said Sir Archy, half impatiently, when half an hour had passed away. " At this rate, Hadd and his son will be here to din ner before he comes. You see how I am, Rosamond," he added. "Give mo but the shadow of a hope, or show nio the faintest idea to act upon, and I seize upon it eagovly, and try to forget our impending ruin. I believe I am as weak as a child." The young girl looked cheerfully and smilingly up into hor father's face. How palo and worn it looked I The eyes wore set deeply in their sockets, and gleamed hollowly. He looked thin, too, and strangely haggard. " You look as if you did nob sleep last night, papa," said Rosamond. " Can it be that, after you sent ine to bed, you spent tho night in the Gray Tower ?" The baronet's looks were sufficient answer. " I couldn't help ifc, Rosamond," he said, as if he deemed an apology necessary. " Tho idea that, while we have much at stake, that legacy is buried somewhere in tho old tower, is enough at any time to sting me into action." " We will soarch together to-night," said Rosamond, quietly ; " and Oh, papa, there comes the butler !" She halted, clasping the stone balus trade in her slender hand, her gar ments blowing in tho wind, and looked eagerly towards tho gates. Sir Archy halted also, his tall figure beside her slender ono, his face eager and glowing. Tho next moment the gates opened, and a horseman came riding up tho avenue, directing his course towards the terrace. He soon reached thom, dismounted at a little distance, and approached them, leading his horse by its bridle. It was tho butler returned from his errand. He had ridden hard and fast since the morning, and his honest face showed that ho had been successful in his mission. "If you please, Miss Rosamond," lie said, bowing respectfully to his master and young mistress, " I have been to all the tenants, and have got all the rents written down against the tenants' names." Ho drew from his pocket a folded sheet of paper, which ho handed to the young lady. "Very well," said Sir Archy. "Is that all ?" " All, Sir . Archy, except that tho tenants all complain of the high rents, and say they are groaning under a burden equal to that of the Israelites in Egypt — begging your pardon, Sir 'Archy," said the honest fellow. . " It is strange that thoy complain so," said the baronet in a tone of sur prise. " Their rents are not half what they were when I was a boy, and I -know' that the lands are improved. I will look into the matter." / He dismissed his servant by a ges ture, and took the paper from Rosa mond's hand, looking it over. " The rents do seem high !" he ex claimed,. in increasing surprise. "I thought they were not . half so large. I should like to 'compare this paper with the books. Put it ih your pocket, Rosamond. I will go over, to Hadd's for the books myself." This lias decided me." He turned to movo towards the dwelling, but Rosamond gently re strained him. " Some one is coming through the gate, papa," she said. " It may be a messenger from the bailiff" Sir Archy waited, watching the figure of a man who was coming briskly on foot up the avenue. The mom seemed old, yet lie walked like a youth. His gray beard, his long gray hair, and his green spectacles are features already familiar to the reader, tho new-comer boing Mr. ' George Sharp, the new clerk of the bailiff. " What an odd-looking person whispered the baronet. " Who can he bo?" "He must be Mr. Hadd's new clerk," responded Rosamond, in an under tone. " See ! ho has some large books under his arm. The bailitt' has con cluded that, after all, you and I are nvot to be feared, and that lie will let ms look at the books, which it does licit seem at all likely we shall under stand." Rosamond had, in fact, shrewdly guessed the truth. The bailiff had concluded that his suspicions were unreasonable, and that Miss Wilchester might be allowed to look at the books, of which no doubt she would grew tired within the hour. He had not given her credit for the clear brain and determined will and quiet persistency which belonged to her. Mr. Sharp came up the steps of the terrace, and approached the father and daughter with slackening pace. It seemed, indeed, as if the sight of them had inspired him with some sud den and deep emotion. " Sir Archy Wilchester, I believe," lie said, coining near, and speaking in a hoarse voice. The baronet bowed. " I am Mr. Hadd's now clerk — George Sharp," said the newcomer, looking down. " Mr. Hadd sent ine over with a set of books for Miss Wil- chester's inspection." Mr. Sharp glanced towards Miss Wilchester as ho alluded to hor. Rosamoud was bending towards liiiu, hor soul in hor eyes, her i'neo tire in carnation of a bright eagerness. Tho bailiff's clork started as lie en countered hor gaze, and a look of apparent surprise mantled his face, and ho looked at her inquiring)-. In a moment the bright glow and tho eager look had faded from tho young girl's face. . Sho blushed pain- ful y, and a troubled expression galjiere'd in hot- eyes, as sho paid — '! .1. beg your pardon, Mr. Sharp. Yo'ir voice recalled that of a dear frickul, and for the moment 1.- — " She paused, and Sir Arch'y Wil chester exclaimed in surprise — "Of whose voice did Mr. Sharp's remind you, Rosamond 1 " " Of Mark's," said the girl.', Id a whisper. \ Sir Archy glanced at tho biailiff's clerk, and smiled involuntarily. "What a trick your imagination played you, my child. How can ther hoarse voice of this consumptive-! looking old man recall to you Mark's I gay voice ? You are getting nervous, j dear.'' . j Rosainond sighed, but her bright! eyes watched the bailiff's clork with an intontness that seemed to embarrass him. " Have you been long at Wilchester,. Mr.' Sharp ?" sho asked, drawing nearer to him. " Not long, Miss Wilchester," said the clerk, his voice hoarser than ever, his eyes downcast. " I came to Mr. Hadd from London. I was recom mended to him by his friend, Mr. Elligor." " Oh !" said Rosamond, and there was a world of disappointment: in the exclamation. " You may give mo tho books, Mr. Sharp," said Sir Archy, coming for ward. ' ' "Permit me to carry them into the house for you," said tho bailiff's clerk, courteously. " They are vory heavy." The baronet bowed assent, and Mr. Sharp followed Sir Archy and Rosa mond across tho terraco and up the steps into the wide marble-paved hall. ' " Please carry the books into the library,- Mr. Sharp," said Rosamond, detaining her father a moment at the door. The bailiff's clerk moved along the hall towards tho library door, stopped suddenly, as if aghast, and smid, huskily— " Be kind enough, Miss Wilchester, to tell me which room is the library." Rosamond replied by moving past him, and throwing open the door of the library, which he entered. Mr. Sharp followed her, encountered1 again the battery of her glowing eyes, and, bowing politely, took his depar ture. " An odd sort of man, Rosamond," said Sir Archy, drawing a library chair to the table for his daughter's use, and another for his own. " Strange that Hndd should have found such a gentle manly person for his clerk. The man quite impressed me." " He greatly impressed ine also," said Rosamond, in a strangely thought ful tone. "I should like to see Mr. George Sharp again. I believe I am sharp, too, papa." She laughed a little as she took her seat beside her fattier, and the two were soon diligently at work. Rosamond brought from her pocket the paper on which was recorded the various rents paid for the houses and farms belonging to the Wilchester es tate, and Sir Archy sought out the corresponding entries in' the books. At. the very outset a great surprise met thom. . The. treacherous bailiff had demanded of the tenants the highest possible rents; but had credited Sir Archy on tho books with but a third of the amounts lie had received, . . " Why) this is incredible," exclaimed the baronet, starting. " What is the amount' on. tlie pajier set. against the Dale Farm, Rosamond f' " Two hundred pounds a year;" was the reply. " And that villain has put it down in the books at £70 ! While the tenants have boon execrating mo for these oppressive charges, I have had but a fraction of what they have paid. Hadd lias pocketed the balance. I have been-. blind and foolish to trust him so. . He must have counted on my blindness continuing, or ho would not have dared to rob me in this whole sale manner.'' Sir Archy was both startled and in dignant. Rosamond's face glowed with a' deep joy.. "Let us continue to compare the entries' witli these notes, papa," she exclaimed. " Don't you see how Hndd has .placed himself in our power? Perhaps, after all, we may be ablo to see our way out of our difficulties. At any rate, wo have got the oheck wo desired." They continued their task, aud their indignation deepened as they dis covered that Hadd's system of falsifi- ! cation had been carried out in regard to all the rents for years past. ; They worked on until the early evening shadows filled tho room, and Rosamond then rang for lights, and ti'iey continued their investigations. .At' last, as by a common impulse, the two arose, and faced each other with startled countenances. "There are thousands of pounds due, but which Hadd has kept back 1" said Sir Archy. " And this is only our first dis covery !" said Rosamond. "The man who is capablo of this treachery and robbery is capable of mucli more." " We are on the right track, Rosa mond," cried her father. " You have waked me up. I shall not sit down quietly and wait for tho water to engulph' me ' Although the money which Hadd has embezzled from the rents seems large, it will not materially affect my indebtedness to him. But tiro fact of the oinbezzloinent will help us. And perhaps, as you say, I shali discover more treachery somewhere !" They were standing thus when a servant appeared, announcing that Mr. Hadd and. Mr. Jiisou Hadd were in the drawing- room. Sir Archy concealed his books and papers in a convenient closet, and gavo his arm to his daughter, leading her to the presence of the unwelcomo guests. The bailiff was conscious of a change in the manner of his employer from the moment of the baronet's entrance into the driuving-room.. Sir Arohy hud lost something of his dejected and hopfeless expression. There was a gleam of Jbope in his cy.es, a sudden resumption of hiB old dignity of manner, " I expect him to have alternate fits of hopefulness and gloom," thought the schemer, ai-ising to greet Miss Wilchester; "but his' hopefulness is wasted. I have not worked so many years for no purpose. My net is strong, and I am wary. 1 defy him to escape me !" (TO BE CONTINUED.) 