WATCHING THE GHOST DANCE. ' A correspondent of the Phila delphia Press describes how recently he witnessed a ghost dance among the Sioux near Wounded Knee Creek. It was daybreak when the correspondent and two*or three companions, among them a half breed, named Half Eyes, reached a point over looking the camp of the fanatics. A BIRD'S EYE VIEW. As near as Half Eyes could estimate, 1S2 bucks and squaws . were in a dance. A big tree stood in the middle of the circle formed by Indians. Squatted on the ground .within a radius of GO yards were 400 other Indians, -who were chanting with the dancers. Many of the reds wore in Avar paint. Some of them were naked to their hips, and across tlieir big muscular breasts Avero streaks of red and yellow paint. Beads tinkled from their porcupine-fringed legs, and eagle feathers hung from the crown of tlieir black glossy heads. Some of the dancers Avere robed in Avhite cotton cloth, which was pinned at tho breast and drawn over tho head in the form of a hood. Five medicine men sat on the ground outside the circle. They Avere old men Avith wrinkled, skinny faces, and as the chant rose and fell according to the Arigor of the drumming, they Avavcd medicine sticks aboAre their heads. These sticks AArcre painted green, Avitli handles fashioned after the shape of snakes. A GHOSTLY SCEXE. .,!The dancers hold one another’s Hands and moA’ed sloAvly round the tree, w Most of the time it looked as; though their ragged moccasins • did not leaAre the ground, and the only idea of dancing the spectators could gain from the motion of the fanatics Avas the weary bending of the knees. Bound and round tho dancers Avent, Avith their eyes closed and their heads bent towards the ground. Tho chant was incessant and monotonous. “I seo my father; I see my mother; I see my brother; I see my sisterAvas Half Eyes’ translation of the chant as the squaws and Avarriors moved laboriously about the tree. The spectacle Avas as ghostly. as it could bo. It showed the Sioux to rbeAhsauely; religious. •• Half Eyes said that the d.iiicc which the spectators were then witness ing had been going on all night. INDIAN SEERS. Stretched upon tho ground close to the tree were two warriors and. ono squaw. They wei-e in a fit which was of a cataleptio nature. Their faces were turned to tho sky and their hands clutched tho yellow grass. Tho dancers paid no attention to them. Their eyes were closed. Of a sudden, one of the warriors on the ground leaped to his feet and exclaimed “ I have seen the great father; but he will not talk to me because I stink.” Then the other warrior got up and cried, “ I have seen the great father; but he will not talk to me. I have no ponies.” The squaw was the last to get up on her feet. She was a young woman with hells on her blanket, and a red ochre streak marked the line where her raven black hair was parted. In a shrill voice she cried out: “I have scon the great father ;'lie isent an eagle which picked me up and carried me to a far-away mountain. Tho great father told me that the whites would be driven from the country; that the Indians would rule the land, and the buffalo and deer would return. A GHASTLY PERFORMANCE. The Indians now danced with great vigor, and their cries were louder and more vehement, but they never opened their eyes. Bound and round they danced, some of them so fatigued from their exertions that they pitched forward on their faces on the grass. The strain was so great on the others that their faces were distorted with pain, but there was no stop for food, drink, or rest. 