The Electoral Bill. The point raised in this journal last Saturday as to whether the Electoral Bill, in its present form, is strictly in order, was brought before the Assembly last night in a casual way by the leader of the Opposition. It would have been better had an opportunity been given the House of discussing it and obtaining tlie decision of the Speaker, as time might thereby nave been saved. However, it will doubtless be again sub mitted when the next regular stage in con nection with, the measure is reached. The strange thing in this connection is the action of the head of the Govern ment. The hon. member told the House, with the greatest possible complacency, that** competent legal authority' had in formed him that the bill was quite right — that is, that it was strictly in order. Whether this was intended merely to influence the ultimate decision of the Speaker may be left to conjecture, but the Premier did not deign to tell the House ?who the ' competent legal authority ' was that had assured him as to the regularity of the bilL That the hon. gentleman, however, was by no means convinced, even by his own. competent legal authority in regard to the bill, he himself gave the beBt proof, for at a latex stage of the proceedings he craved the permission of the House to move, with out notice, a motion designed to put the bill in order. This motion, which the House willingly assented to, covers part 'of the ground taken up by the Evening News, but part only. It does not, as we will pro ceed to show, cover the whole ground. It merely extends the scope of the original leave, by providing for the ' restricting as far as practicable, during polling hours, the retail sale or supply of liquor on the premises licensed under the Licensing Act, 1882,' &c.; In submitting the motion thus extending; the leave, the Premier undertook to say, in regard to the objection raised, that ' There is nothing in it.' He moved the motion because it would ' make the matter perfectly safe.': Anyone might suppose that if there reallywas nothing in the objection, the bill would be perfectly safe without this supplementary effort to set it right. But to be perfectly con sistent, the Premier should go further. If it be necessary to amend the leave of the bill, it will be equally necessary to amend the title. There is nothing in the title about closing publics-houses, and publicans will have good ground to complain of any side wind interference with their legal rights under the Licensing Act. This* brings us to wlaat'we conceive to be the nsore substantial objection to the protkedingB in connection with the bill. Our -contention! Is that the bill would still be irregular, even if, in addlsaon i» the amended leave, the title were also amended. It is contrary to parliamentary practice to legist late mpon two cti&erent; «ubjeots in 'one measnxe. - The Governor's, instructions &ta; (dear and precise on the point. ' He shall takd'carBj' say the instructions, -( as far ha majrbe practicable, that in. the passing of all lairs'; each difeerent matter b© provided lor Ityiajdin^rentiaWj without intermixing Ja oBA-«&d; *h© wme law* such things -as hi&rb; ?n&pp;&ji;&v; ietetion *6 eack^i&er; 5 and that1 &o; -uaos0 %& inserted in or annexed to any 3»w wMolvahttll be foreign to whlkt the^Mtie of such law imports, and that no perpetual clause be part of any temporary lawv' The 5Srd section of the Electoral Bill is in the teeth of all this; and, be it remembered, the instructions embody sound principles of parliamen tary law 5 'they are not to be regarded as merely a departmentally inspired guide to the representative of the Crown. By the 58rd section of the Electoral Bill the rights of publicans under the Licensing, Act are abridged. Their business is sus pended for a certain number of hours during uncertain days. These days do not occur regularly, as the ordinary close days prescribed in the Licensing Act, but at irregular and uncertain periods. Now, it must be obvious that if it be deemed sound public policy to close public-houses on days not specified in the present licensing law, this should be effected in a regular way, and not by a side wind. On what principle of parliamentary law can the statute regulating the sale of liquors and the conduct of public- houses be amended hy an Electoral Act ? Where is the rela tionship between the two subjects? They are .as foreign to each other as the land laws and the navigation laws. The proper course to pursue in this question is, we submit, to bring in a short measure amending the Licensing Act in the particular direc tion thought desirable. Whatever ob jections publicans might then have to the substance of such a change, they would not, as now, have to complain of its form. They carry on the sale of liquor — and it is the sale of liquor only that is proposed to be dealt with — -under a specific act of the Legislature. It is that act which must be amended if any abridgement of their present rights is to be made j and it would be an extraordinary and dangerous precedent to establish if the principle here enunciated were departed from. From careful inquiries regarding the fate of the financial engagements which matured yesterday — 'the fourth of the month' — we are in a position to say that the renewals were remarkably small, and that the bills due were on the whole exceedingly well met. Tltis being the general verdict of many of the largest financial institutions in the colony, and of the principal mercantile houses, it may be ac cepted as further proof of the undoubted soundness of the financial position of the mother colony. Inde pendent bank officials, who are in a position which enables them to give an unbiassed opinion, freely admit that New South. Wales is at present in the best position financially of any of the colonies, and that her commerce is on a thoroughly sound foundation, although at times, owing to various causes, it may not be as satisfactory to individual firms as they may desire. The account of the reception given at Moscow to the officers of the French fleet lying at Crons. tadt 'reminds . one,' as a once famous parliamentary orator weuld have said, 'of many things.' The visitors to the ancient capital of the Czars were, we are told, welcomed with effusiveness. But surely on both sides there must have been some strange and in congruous recollections suggested with respect to the last distinguished crowd of French officers who had entered Moscow, and the very far from effusive, however warm, welcome which awaited them there. That was, of course, in the memorable year 1812, when the great Napoleon led an ' invading army of over half a million into Russia, only, however, as everybody knows, to find all his plans of conquest frustrated by the burning of Moscow, either through accident, or else through the de liberate act of the Russians themselves. That most frightful of all episodes in the mili tary annals- of France — though certainly not the least glorious — the retreat from Moscow, was alluded to with, bitter sarcasm by the Emperor Nicholas, in one of the last docu ments which he addressed to Napoleon III. just before the outbreak of the Crimean War. No doubtthe events of 1812 may seem very remote to either Russian or Frenchman in the year of grace 1891. But still the fraternising: at Moscow must call up such memories as would be awakened, say, by an official meeting of French and English warrio*8 on the field of Waterloo. Telegrams announce that an outbreak at Bar-' celonain Spain — an attack on the barracks by fifteen armed raecn — is believed to have been instituted by unscrupulous speculators who desired to cause a fall on the Bourse. This seems a strange story, but there can be little doubt that it is true. Such things have been done before. About 1884»a very similar military insur rection was engineeoed from London and Paris. The prime movers in it were an Englishman, a successful owner of racehorses; another Englishman, a partaer in a great English iron firm; and some Hebrew and Ameri can speculators. These worthy persons entered into communication with some Zorillist refugees in London, and arranged with them for a Republican propaganda against Alphonso XII. at a reasonable price. When all was certain the gang became ' bears ' of Spanish stock for the next account, and instructed certain newspaper allies in Paris to look out for, and make the most of, any tele grams concerning a Spanish emeute. The plan , succeeded to admiration, the Zoril list partisans had -worked upon some non commissioned officers --and soldiers. These really believing that there wms going to be an effort to establish a Republic broke out of barracks with their arms on an -appointed day, the funds went down by the ;run, and the 'bear** operators partially banlnrapted the ' bulls '* when accounts were closed. Accounts were soon closed for the active instrumejats of the insurrection. They were captured a&d; uhot, and probably, as all in the know wer&awaretliat; the dupes had not the ghost of a chance, it was impossible to make a sue* cessf ul ' bull ' speculatkrta In anticipation t-f the restoration of authority. It may seem somewhat paradoxical, but one of the principal arrangers of this neat coup in Spanish gained considerable credit by making a handsome present to the poor of the French capital on the occasion of one of Mb horses winning the Qraatd Prix de Paris. On the other hand, he was much decried because of the suspicious scratching of the same animal at the time when it was a hot favorite for a great English race. The gentle mftn'e^dends who knew both of the scratching and -the Spanish exploit seemed, curiously eoongh, to look with much snore reprobation 4-n the former than the ifttter. It is but just to Bay that several of the ;;partuw to these j-eculiar etocktransactions hoi so-jouraed^or ®ome ttom in Heraec), where their natural scruples aB'to ho$& old* tmijr h»ve beoome Jjlidnted. 