Irish Missionaries. The Boston Pilot says : — " The Very Ilev. Thomas Jackson, Vicar-Apostolic of Northern Borneo and Labuan, now making a brief stay in Boston, men- tions, among other interesting details, that his first coadjutors in the almost incredible hardships of the Borneo mis sion were two Irish priests, and that every one of the nine Franciscan nuns who have since come to his assistance, are Irish. This statement suggests a glance at Irish missionary activity in other remote, needy, and dangerous portions of the Lord's vineyard. Every where we find the Irish priests rivalled in numbers, courage, and self-denial, only by their French and Belgian brothers ; while, iu what may be called lay missionary work, the ubiquitous Irish raco is without a peer. Tho mis sionary training school of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, at Blackrock, Dublin, is yearly sending dozens of young Irish priests into Zanzibar, Sonegambia, and Senegal, on the coast of Africa. Cardinal Lavigeria had the help of a valiant Irish soldier, cx- Pontificnl Zouave, in establishing some of his first missionaries in Ceutral Africa. Australia and New Zealand have been so largely the spiritual con quest of Irish priests, nuns, and people, that Cardinal Manning, who last year claimed America's first Catholic cen tenary as St. Patrick's fifteenth, might also claim the approaching Australian centenary as the sixteenth for tho Apostle of Ireland. It stirs the Irish heart to remember, too, that the first Irish missionary priests in Australia bore that mark of honour, the convict brand, for their sympathy with the Irish uprising of '98. Priests of tho ' Josephite Order, to which Father Jack son belongs, have been for nearly twenty years working among our negro popula tion in the Southern States. Their membership is largely Irish or Irish- American. A leading spirit in mission ary zeal among them there is the Rev. John R. Slattery, Rector of St. Joseph's Seminary, Baltimore ; and their first American - trained priest, the Rev- Michael Heffernan, ordained fromfthe same seminary a few months ago, is also of Irish blood. 