SPORTING. 1 ? ' TASMANIAN RACING CLUB. i DERBY DAY. Stewards, Hons. J. W. Agnew, A. E Lord, Messrs. E. P. Wilson, A. F. Miller, G. H. Butler, J. W. Abbott, C S. Agnew, L. A. Clarke, 0. Davies, C. E. Featherstone, W. A. Finlay, John Hayle, Sydney Page ; Judge, Mr. Albert Flexmore ; Starter, Mr. C. K. Davies ; Handicapper, Mr. J. G. Monaghan; Clerk of the Scales, Mr. J. W. Palmer Clerk of the Course, Mr. Joshua Moore : Secretary, Chas. H. Westwood. Judging from the success of list Saturday, Derby Day in Tasmania is destined to become very popular. Since its initiation in 1888 there has been a steady advance, and considering the scope for racing in this colony the progress has been' very satisfactory. Public patronage this year was better than ever before the class of horses that competed in the "classic" event was also better, and the other races of the day excepting the Hurdle Race, in which Young Lapidist's running was questionable were very interesting indeed. The weather might have been better, but it could have been much worse without being bad. Vice-royalty was more strongly represented than usual. His Excellency the Governor of Tasmania (Sir Robert Hamilton) being accompanied by Lord Hopetoun, Governor of Victoria. They were met at the entrance to the lawn by Mr. A, P.' Miller, one of the vice-presidents of the club, the Hon A. E. Lord, Messrs. C. S. Agnew, C. E. Davies, C. E. Featherstone, and the secretary. After the Derby horses had weighed in Sir Robert Hamilton decorated tliOjlvinnei', Dunedin, with the blue riband, amidst the cheers of the crowd'; and as he performed this pleasing little ceremony the thought doubtless occurred romany that had Lord Hopetoun been present last year he might have had the pleasure of decorating a horse that had been named in his honour. During the afternoon the stewards invited the two Governors' into the new committee room, and over a glass of champagne welcomed them to Elwick. We have Bail that the attendance of the public was larger it was also very much better for the club, by reason of the fact that a much greater percentage paid for admission to the grand stand enclosure. The totalisator yielded a profit of upwards of £200, and this despite the " bid times," therefore the committee could metaphorically shake hands with themselves over the meeting. Music was provided by the Garrison Band, under Bandmaster W T. Bates, and promenading was freely indulged in by the occupants of the grand stand. Superintendent Bel cattle was on duty with a band of policemen, but their services were not required. Since Elwick was last the scene of sport and gaiety the Ground Committee have made some alterations which call for notice, Pressmen have long called out for alteration, and after much waiting they have received the attention they desired and deserved. The grand stand has been extended in front from the lower tier, this extension covering the whole of the menace and stepS Under this at the N.W. corner a comfortable apartment has been provided for the Press, and the box from which the reporters view the racing is immediately over it, a flight of steps leading out of the transcribing room to the box above, Access to the extension front for the public is provided by means of easy (flights of steps at the ends, The building which divides the carriage paddock from the saddling paddock- has been fitted with a floor, which is a decided improvement on the" dusty tan which formerly did duty there. The committee have a new room adjoining the stewards' stand, and away out in the centre of the course the solid looking old farmstead has been cut down to cottage size. This affords a clear view of the whole of the course but spoils the appearance of the house ; the latter, however, being of necessity, but a secondary consideration. On the whole the committee deserve to be complimented for the desire they have so practically expressed to meet the convenience of Press and public, and their work was favourably commented upon on Saturday. The sport proper began with the Hurdle Race for which the whole of the acceptors five in' number came to the post. The handicaps told, of the even quality of the field, as but 121,' divided the maximum from the lowest weight can Wed, 'In select-' ing Sterling as favourite, the form of at least one of the other runners was ignored, yet the numerous backers of the horse mentioned considered they had a good thing. With the field presumably on an equality, it was anticipated that a good race all the way would eventuate, but before they had gone half a mile Indian file was observed, with the exception of Merriman, who battled, as he always does, for a place in the lead. The hopes of the followers of Sterling were unaltered when that horse fell three quarters of a mile from home, Sirius being then in a winning position. The latter had beaten Leo previously, so there was not much danger apprehended from that a starter, but there was Young Lapidist in the race who had time to exhibit a menacing Attitude An eleventh-hour run on the part of the Evandale representative was the only feature of the concluding part of the contest, and thus Sirius won with only the feeblest of challenges. The winner belongs to a deserving young sportsman in the Bothwell district, who sat. for the pure love of sport, hence everybody was pleased to see him score another victory. The stewards were not at all satisfied with Rolles' riding of Young Lapidist in the race, and they ordered his presence before them. His explanation that he was only just recovering from a, recent illness was accepted in so far that he escaped with a severe reprimand. Luncheon was li li u led by discussed in the desire to inspect the Derby candidates, the board showing that the six names numbered on the said would contest the event- the fourth of its kind since the introduction of the face into Tasmanian annuls. As the atmosphere was rather chilly than warm, and a slight fall of rain was threatening, most of the toilets were prepared under cover. No sooner had the farriers begun their work than a crowd gathered round each of the boxes, Dunedin "box was perhaps the line. I. n *<<!. \- greatest centre of attraction, and when the rugs were removed he was unanimously voted an ideal Derby colt. A dark brown J. in colour, has exhibited a strong, resemblance 'to his sire,' the' now defunct' Manuka. Possessing a neat, game head, nicely balanced mi.idlc-piauo with a strong, if not powerful ' quarters, and clean-legged, he I shewed extraordinary quality. The fear, however, was that he had not been wound up sufficiently to endure' the Derby distance on such a severe course as Elwick undoubtedly is. By this time the market indicated that The Media had been made ubso late favourite, and saddled in the far the corner of the Bets, a concourse of people wended their way thither. Whilst being proposed the unsexed candidate was inclined to be fretful, and to many eyes the impression was of avowed that he had been rather under r than overdone in his training preparations. Hu stripped a thoroughly matured three year-old, and his growth during the season had been apparently in the right direction, Nazi rally enthusiasts were anxious to feast their eyes on Bischoff, a colt that so much had been heard of, and, until the day, believed by many to be the Waverley pea In his clothing he appeared literally as broad as he was long, and his dominoes goal was not the most assuring, except when it was remembered that his renowned sire was a dozy customer until reasons. Of course opinions differed as to his confer mitton as a true type of a racehorse, many being forget- ful of the fact that they were scanning a mere baby-bin though he scored when all the essentials necessary to winning a race of this character were tv ken into consideration. Bearing in mind the nature of his family in that age, overgrown he was not, neither could he be said to be much on the leg." In truth, he used as a powerfully-built, rich-coloured colt, who requires time to develop ; it much more taking colt to follow, as a streak of white high-flown thukneosomo what detracts from his appearance when viewed in front. Pinafore had run so often in public that patrons were familiar with fur, hut sincere were the hopes that the yellow and black livery worn by her rider would be carried in the ran for the sake of her popular in order. The filly's training had not been neglected, albeit it was generally known that a mile and a-half was a bit beyond her. Of the two candidates trained near the spot, Zarina looked the more likely to soothe end of the journey and the utmost pains must have been taken to get her into Derby fig, as a cou proof months ago she gave no promise that she Would " bloom in the spring." Silver Queen, not so forward, was evidently intended as a pacemaker for her companion. When the sporting bell rang only odds-on would be accepted about The Mole's chance, whilst 2s were the best prices about Dunedin. The preliminaries were not prolonged ere the six starters were ranked up at the post, situate opposite the old stables near the main entrance gate. The bipeds gave the starter more trouble than their four-footed charges, as a considerable amount of firmness had to 'be brought into requisition to get them beyond the mark. Two or three times the majority of the field were away on their own account, and eventually the signal was given to a most even start 'With their horses well in hand the six riders swept round the turn in line, Nangle, on Silver Queen, being most anxious, to race, in freehand this privilege was allowed him' past the stand, where the two Waverley delegates were pacing in the rear. The pretty steel grey, jacket was still in front of the mile post, where the jockey on the favourite was bent on dearer running. When half the journey had been completed the field to a runner were all well together, perhaps the most unlikely winner at this juncture being Bischoff. The favourite was still in a good position at, the five-furlong 'post, where a slight shaking up brought Dunedin out from his field, and he took them along by the approach to the turn with a clear advantage. As they turned from the back it was evident-that-the favourite has done, and but for some determined riding on the part of those behind Dunedin, the latter would have left lengths of daylight between himself and his opponents as they passed the original starting place. With a sweeping stride Bischoff here passed a couple of them, and was more than two lengths behind Zurina (who was second when the field was 300yds. from home. Overtaking Zarina at the distance the big colt was bustled along in pursuit of Dunedin, but only succeeded in getting to within a length and three-quarters as the Northern representative strode -beautifully past the judge, the favourite being one of the two last home. The weighing-in was witnessed from the clerk of the Beales' apartment by their Excellencies the Governors of Tasmania and Victoria, and to Sir Robert Hamilton was deputed the honour of pinning the " blue riband " on the winner's nook. 'As the equine hero' was led away, cheers were given for Mr. F. Krushka, the owner of the winner. Dunedin was bred at The Moat Farm, Carrick, by Mr. John Symmons, and is by Manuka, from Linda, by St. Albans, from Miss Hill, by Castle Hill, from Jennie, by Cervus, from The Dove, by Old English Gentleman. The colt was sold - by Mr. Simmons to Mr. Krushka, who did not have him trained as a two-year-old, the T.R.C. Derby being his first appearance in public. Dunedin is own brother to Napier, who cut such an inglorious figure in the same event last year, and Saturday's hero is trained by L. Smith (who rode him on Mr. Krushka a private course at Mineral Banks, Ringarooma. Although everybody would be pleased to see such a staunch supporter of Tasmanian racing as Mr. C. S. Agnew win these events with a good horse, Derby honours this year have fallen to a true lover of the sport. There are scores who will maintain that hid BischofF been the stable candidate, with the necessary early preparation, the blue garland would have gone Wavcrleywards. It was apparent that Ilia Medo cannot stay, while the big chestnut colt had not the opportunity from his position in the race in the last two furlongs to discover if the winner had a weak spot. Five of the six runners were the produce of The Assyrian, and all these were bred at Waverley, two of them being owned by sportsmen resident at the capital. After the Derby excitement had subsided, the Two-year-old Race came on for decision. Six came out, with The Jersey Maid, a sister to Bischoff, a pronounced favourite. This filly, of the precocious order, had been penalised for a small race she had won early in this season. Despite this elie never gave anything in the race the ghost of a chance, many of whom, however, were intensely green. Hobart, a Euclid colt, had shown some improvement, while Mathinna, an easily-recognised sister to the stalwart Little Promised Land, was as yet "youthful." Strahan, by Musk Rose, is a fully-grown two-year-old, in marked contrast to Belle, n miniature Ally by Euclid. My Thyra, who ran in the same interest as the winner, is just now growing rapidly. The area of those sporting silk ' were inmates of Doyle's stable, and the heroine was one of the trio. in the race A. Kearney, the rider of Hobart, was lined £1 for. disobedience at the post. Goodwood was the only absentee from the Spring Handicap, which left the respectable field of nine to contest the issue. Tennyson, never a desirable horse in a start, was on his worst behaviour, either standing perfectly still with his head the wrong way, or lashing out with both hind logs at whatever ventured near him. The starter himself was frequently selected by the white- faced quadruped as an object of attack. Ultimately he was persuaded to join his companions, and a get-away was effected, Jack-in-tho-Green having been installed favourite. Amalgam cut out the running for the opening six furlongs, the popular choice being handy, but the well-performed Babylon appeared out of her element in the down hill gallop- ing. At the back of the course Tennyson was going like a steam engine in the lead, with Helene displaying a menacing attitude. The latter stuck to the New Zealander right into the straight, when Babylon put in a claim. With a wonderful run Stebbins first tried the berth near the rails, and unsuccessful in this persevered in the centre of the course, with the result that the Wa velicy mare was just enabled to get up and win after a finish worth going a long way to see. Heloce's form here was not on a par with that shown by her in previous races this season. The favourite out it some distance from the post, the pace made by Tennyson up the hill being evidently too hot for most of them. The mile and a quarter wia carved out in 2min. 16sec., time rarely beaten on Elwick. Babylon is by The Assyrian, out of Tripaway, one of the best winner producing families over located in Tasmania, and this is the third race in succession that handsome mare has won. The Steeplechase was contested by a quartette, with the well performed Darkie the popular choice. Settling Day, who made his first appearance on Tasmanian soil since his arrival from Victoria, failed to pace it even with old Peter Flat, though he fenced admirably. Peter Flat came down at the third fence from the finish, when Ouida and the favourite were pretty close together. The Evandale name was never headed in the last half mile, and she won comfortably at the head from Daimio, whose cleverness probably saved him from any undue application of whip or spur. Ouida was ridden by Rothes, who got her round without mishap, though once in front of the stand the was within an ace of falling. A return of each event in a capital afternoon's racing follows: , HURDLE RACE A handicap of Sava.; second horse to receive lOsov?. nut of flies no, About one mile and a-half. Mr. A. Lowe's b g Sirius, by the Assyrian, 6yrs., 9st. 714. ... (Lowe) 1 Mr. J. I owen's big Young Lapidist, 9st 10lb stories 2 Mr. C. Carter's g h Merriman, aged, 9st. Masters) 3 Mr, D. S. Reynolds' br g S'oiling, Oyra , , Oat. 121. (A. Kearney) 0 Mr. M. Gason's cb g Leo, By w,, Oct. 2-1 " . (Newlands) 0 Betting: Even Sterling; 3 to 1 agst Lapidist, Sirius, and Leu 10 to 1 Merri- man. ' Leo led at the first jump from Merrie man, and the same leading positions were observed past the stand, when Leo was steadied, and Merriman took them along by the mile post, where Young Lapidist was last. At the jetty Sterling fell, when Sirius took command, followed by Leo, Merriman, and Young Lapidist at long intervals. The last named Logan to move closer to the front at the foot of the hill, and jumped the last hurdle in company with Leo. Sirius had then a lead ofae,ouplotf lengths, and increasing it to the finish won by five lengths from Young Lapidist,' who beat Merriman by a length for second money, with Leo next. Time : 1min. 8sec. Totalisator (10s ) : 518 tickets, 100 on winner ; dividend, £2 3s. i T 11.0. OKIlUV. Of lOOeovs for horses the produce of Tasmanian owned sires. Second li or c to to cover 20sovs. out of the stake. Distance, one mile and a-half. Mr. Ki ushers bro Dunedin, by Manuka -Linda, 8st. fil(L. Smith) 1 Mr. C S Agnew's eli o Bischoff, The Assyrian May Queen, 8st. 5lb. ... i P. Daly) 2 Hon. A. E Lord's on f Zirina, The Assyrian-Tripaway, 8st. (J. Kirkham) 3 Mr, J. D. La Monte b of Silver Queen, The -Assyrian Lady Fisher, 8st. . (J Nangle) 0 Mr. C S. Agnew's br g The Mode, The Assyrian-Evelyn, 8st (G. Stebbings) 0 Mr. Ed, Kearney's b f Pinafore, The Assyrian Buttercup ... (W. Neeson) 0 Betting : 5 to 4 on The Mcdo ; 2 to 1 agst Dunedin ; 5 to 16 to others ' , 'there WHO great anxiety on the part of the jockeys to get away, and frequently when level they were over the line. ¡ To ensure a good start Mr. Davies kept them constantly moving behind the post until every rider was ready for the signals Just as the flag was about to be lowered Dunedin was on the inside, next to him was Pinafore, with the favourite in the centre, and the other Waverley representatives and Silver Queen on the far side of the course. At the word the whole of the field left the mark on very even terms, and they raced almost abreast till well round the turn, where the blue and black jacket of Dunedin wits slightly in front of Pinafore, then Zarina, Bischoff running last at the end of the first furlong. As the field clustered on iron ching the stand Silver Queen was leading from Dunedin, Pinafore third,, the two bearers of the spots " lying in the rear. The favourite was given his head a bit near the mile post, and he ran up alongside the leaders, occupying a prominent position past the homestead, and at the six furlong post was running just behind Silver Queen, Pinafore and Dunedin almost together, next, then Zarina und ' Bischoff. The runners moved in this order until the half-mile token was reached, where Dunedin shot out with a clear lead, the whip being then out on the favourite, who was gradually resigning his place to Zarina, her stable mate, Silver Queen having dropped back. As the Hold begun to turn for. home, Dunedin was' full two lengths clear of his nearest attendant, and at this point the favourite was beaten, The Ringarooma representative hugged the rails coming as the fall, in the ascent of which Bischoff had run into third place. The whips were out on most of them as they made the final detour, Dunedin still in the lead, and going straight as on arrow. Zarina' was his neates; attendant until well into the straight, where the lad commenced to ride Bischoff, and disposing of Zarina at the distance, where at least three of the six bad dead tired, the second Waverley string made a race of it to the post with Dunedin, but the latter holding his own right out was equal to catching the judge's eye with a length and a halt to the good from Bischoff, who came wonder- fully well under his disadvantage. Zarina was three lengths off third, PiiiaforeWfettrtb, The Moira and Silver Queen next. Time : 2min. 40sec. Totalizator : 817 tickets ; 234 on the winner; dividend, £1 11s. , The following are the winners of the T.R C. Derby : An Owner. j Winner. of Sire. B 1888 0. S. Agnew Chaldean The Assyrian 0 188!) C. S. Agnew Macquarie The Assyrian S 1830 ST. David (nsl Hopetoun Proto-Martyr B 183l|F. KriiHhka Dunedin Manuka's _JtlilcrH.-18S8, Stebbings ; 1889rStobbliiK8 ; 1890, Woodfield ; 1892, L. Smith. ( TWO-YEAR-OLD RACE, Of 3030va.; second horse to receive Sovs. out of the stake. Four furlongs. Mr. G. E Smith's ch of The Jersey Maid, by The Assyrian May Queen, 8st. 3lb. (including 7lb. penalty) ... (Kirkham) 1 Mr. D. V. Fergusson na br f Belle, 8st. . (Anderson) 2 Mr. C. S. Agnew's br f Mathinna, 8st. . (Stubbings) 3 Mr. W. Fitzgerald's b or br a Hobart, 8st. 511).(A. Kearney) 0 Mr. M. Doyle IIB br c Strahan, 8st 5lb. Walters) 0 Mr. G. E. Smith's ch f Mythyra, 8st. .. Nangle) 0 Jetting: o to 4 on 'The Jersey Maid ; 3 p to 1 I'gst Mathinna 3 4 to 1 others. The start was taken advantage of by all but Strahan, who lost several lengths. 'The favourite was smartly away, and was attended by Mathinna and Hobart to the bottom of the hill, where Mathinna was third. The Jersey Maid had a good lead into the straight, which she increased at the ' distance, and won very easily by two lengths from Belle, with the Waverley representative the same distance oil';' . Hobart was fourth. Time : 54 Use. ' Totalisator : 077 tickets ; 32 for winner ; dividend, 18s, i SPRING HANDICAP, i Of SOsovs.; second horse to receive 10 SOVS. out of the Blake. One mile and a quarter. Mr C. S. Agnew's b m Babylon, by The 'Assyrian paw ay, 4yrs., 8st. ..'. . (Stubbings) 1 Mr J, P. Burn's b m i Mono, 4yrs , 7st. 10th (Spencer) 2 Mr. J. Woods us ch g Tennyson, aged, 8st. Gib.(Nreson) 3 Mr. J. Powell's blk li Jaak in-the Green, 6yrs., 8st 5lb. ... (Woodfield) 0 Mr. J. Kearney's b m Atabi, 4yrs., 8st. .' (Davis) 0 Mr. Chris. Krushka's o g Red Rover,! , 6yrs., 7st. 7lb.,. .... (Goss) 0 Mr D V. Fergusson JIB br m Busybody, 4yrs., 7st 3lb. ... (Anderson) 0 Mr. M. Doyle's b m Tigris, 6yrs., 7st. Nangle) 0 Mr. J. Pearce's gr h Amalgam, 6yrs,, 7st . (Mnstor Blackwell) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 agst Jack-in-tho-Grecu ; 3 to 1 Babylon ; 4 to 1 Amalgam and Red Rover ; 5 to 1 Arabi and Tennyson ; 8 to 1 others. Through the misbehaviour of Tennyson the start was delayed for some time, and when the flag was eventually lowered the only runner to lose ground was Red Rover. When they had settled down, Amalgam was in front from Tigris, with Tennyson and Jack in-the Green next, Red Rover lost. The favourite was third opposite the homestead, the field still piloted by Amalgam, with Babylon about fifth. As they turned by the jetty Tennyson was in room a pact with Amalgam in the lead, when the latter collapsed, Red Rover at this point having improved his position. The favourite was second along by the river, where Tennyson was galloping strongly, Helene being then prominent, The Waverley representative was running fourth, behind her being Busybody, and Atabi, these form- ing the centre division. Tennyson was clear of everything as they raced round the home turn, but was challenged by Helene entering the straight, with Babylon coming fast. Helene was in front at the distance, Stekbiues on Babylon tried to get on the inside, line failing he preserved in the centre of the course, and the mare answer- ing every call she was enabled to get up and beat Helene by a neck after a very fine race, Tennyson being only half a length off third. Busybody was fourth, Jack-in the Green fifth, the others in straggling order, Red Rover having pot off the course, Time : 2min. 16sec. | Totalisator: 1,041 tickets; 108 on the winner ; dividend, £2 15s.. STliKI'l.KOJUSU, A handicap of (iOjova.; second horse to receive lOsers. out of the stake. Distance, about two and a half miles. Mr. J. Powell's blk m Order, byLeitrim, aged, 10st. 81b.(Rolles) 1 Mr. James Kearney's blk g Darkie, aged, , list. 21 (Becker) 2 Mr. W. Dalian ns ch g Settling Day, (late Last Request),, aged, 10st. lb. ' '... . ... ' (Newlands) 3 Mr. L A. Clarke's b g Peter Flat, aged, i lOst. 71. ...' ..... ...," (Lowe) 0,' . Betting: 5 to 4 agst Darkie; 5 to 2' OuHu ; 3 and 4 total Peter Flat and Settling Day. ' ' ' ' ' After they, had negotiated a couple of fences, piloted by Ouida Settling Day was some months in the rear, and at the hedge, where the other three were together, the Victorian horse was a considerable di fence off. Ouidit nits first over the treble in front of the stand, with Peter Flat next, but Darkie took second place tittle middle jump, and through Ouida, losing i o um! at the last obstacle of the tribe, DIE kio was in command. At the jump near the mile post Ouida was again in the lead, closely attended by Drake, and when the leading pair showed out beyond the homestead they had drawn away from Peter Flat, the other competitor, Settling Day, still toiling on. Ti c fence leading to the back of the course brought Peter Flat down, but neither horse nor jockey were hurt. Ouida cleared 'the last jump three or four lengths in advance of Darkie, whose rider flourished the whip, but did not lesson the gap, the Evandale mare eventually winning by eight or ten lengths from Larkin, with Settling Day a bundled I yards away. Time : Gmiii, .'¡OJsio. i Totalisator is 741 tickets, 132, on winner ; dividend, £2 10s. a ,, t This was the concluding event. 