HQRTIOÜLWRE FOR QUEENSLAND. I TSS IitXOTM (Lily) at w. courses. j with the exception of the rose there is perhaps no plant more universally crown was the lily-there being scarcely a garden of any pretension throughout the world that does not contain a, representative of this family of plants. Its history can be, traced back into the dim ages of the past. In Christian art this flower is the emblem of chastity, innocence, and purity. In postures of the Annunciation Gabriel is sometimes represented 03 carrying a lily branch, while a vase containing ably sang before the Virgin, who is kneeling in prayer The lily is the emblem of France. Tasso Tri hu "Jerusalem Delivered" terms the French ! Gigli d'or (golden lilies). It is said the people were commonly called Liliartsand the king?, dom Lilium in the time of Philippe la as Charles VIII., and Louis XVI. They were so called from the fleur de Lys, the emblem of France. > . us It is not, however, with the historical aspect of the city that we intend to deal, although this is interesting, but to offer a few hints regarding the cultivation of this beautiful class of plants Like most other plants generally grown the" lily does not receive the cultural treatment due to it. As a rule, it is planted haphazard in the garden and allowed to eke out its own livelihood as best it may. The cultivation of this plant in Queensland is only yet in the initia- tory stage, and little success has hitherto attended the efforts of those who have attempted to grow it. Much of the want of success is doubtless owing to the imperfect knowledge of its requirements. All lilies do not require exactly the same cultural conditions. A few of them will succeed in almost any ordinary garden soil such as the manager, tigrinum.oandidum, ohalcedonicum and a few others. The choicer kinds, however' require more particular treatment; but cart with a little care be successfully grown in outdoor gardens. It would well repay any one to prepare a styled in some corner of the garden shaded from the afternoon sun, or in the bushhouse ria the following way:_Rg. move the soil to a depth of 2ft.; in the bottom place 6in. of good drainage matter, as brick ends, cinders, stones, oyster shells, or rough gravel. Over this place sods, grass downwards, or a few barrow loads of loaves or garden prunings, then fill up with well-rotted vegetable matter, turf parings, chopped fine, and sharp sand in equal parts, well mixed. On no account and manure, except perhaps a small dash of bonedust mixed with wood ashes. When the bed is prepared, say in April, allow the whole mass to settle. The best time for transplanting the bulbs is between May and August included. In planting, make a hole about 3in, square and the same depth; in the bottom place about 8in. of river sand. On this place the base of the bulb and cover loosely with the soil ; this will leave the crown near the surface; over with a mulch of loose material, and on no account apply water unless the soil be very dry at the time of plant- ing. If it be necessary to apply it, Sprinkle [ around the bulb at a distance of a few inches. As soon as the young growth appears above ground, water may be applied ad libitum. Throughout the growing season close attention must be paid to staking and tying as they advance in growth. It is a good plan to drive about stakes, or bamboo rods into the ground prior to planting. By so doing there is no risk of damaging the tender roots. As soon as the shoot is six inches above the ground manure water may be applied, which must be withheld as soon as the flower buds commence to form, and clean water used instead. On no account must they be allowed to suffer from want of moisture at any time when growing or flower- ing. If permitted to flag, the leaves will drop off and the flowers be distorted. After flowering, the stems must be allowed to die off, and should not under any circumstances be cut off. It will, of course, after flowering, be unnecessary to apply water until the following spring. Should heavy rains prevail during the rest period, a couple of shingles placed over each bulb will have a beneficial effect. It is quite unnecessary to lift the bulbs after flowering, and stow them away like Caladium tubers. The vitality of the bulbs is greatly impaired by this process. They should therefore be left undisturbed until the planting season comes round again, when they may be replanted as before directed. One of the enemies of the lily is the wire worm. This creature plays sad havoc to the plant. It usually attacks at two stages of the plant's existence during the period of rest, and again just as the flower buds are appearing. Its presence in the growing season may be de- tested by the plant suddenly looking sickly, and the bottom leaves turning yellow. There is, however, nothing to show its presence while the bulb is resting. The remedy is: To one gallon of water add half-an-ounce of London purple. With a small fork or sharp stick clear the soil from the bulb, taking care not to damage the growing roots (this refers to the growing plant ; when thoroughly cleared away, apply with a syringe or fine rose a small quantity of the liquid. Have ready some dry ashes or charcoal dust, sprinkle a handful round and over the bulb, and replRoo the soil quickly. In the case of bulbs at rest, raise them gently with a fork until the bulb is nearly free from the soil, apply the liquid, withdraw fork, and cover with mulch. The following are a few of the sorts that are deserving cultivation, They are also arranged in colour groups, so that they can be arranged in planting :-Defleved yellow lilies, L. monadelphum, L. colchieutn, and L. Leiohtlinii ; orange-coloured erect flowers, L. bulbiferum, L. croeeum, L. daurioum, and L. Thumbergianum. Another group where the flower is turned downward, and the perianth is reflected, L. tigrimvra, Li. chalcedonicum, and L. tenuifolium, scarlet L. Superbum, and L. Humboldtii. White flowered are represented by the old familiar L. candidum, L. Aurntura, in which the white is combined with a broad golden or crimson band; L. longiflorum, L. speciosum (lanceolata), andL. Parkmanni. The list here given does not by any means exhaust the number of cultivated lilies, there being upwards of 150 varieties, many of them being superb, and all good ; but sufficient sorts have been named for the most enthusiastic amateur to commence with. Some very important evidence has been given (says the Narrandera correspondent of the S. H. Herald) before the local Land Board now sitting here with regard to rabbit-infested country. The board has been engaged in considering the reappraisement of Ballandry and other pastoral holdings. The manager of Ballandry deposed that the run is enclosed with wire-netting, and that vigorous efforts have been continuously made since last November to exterminate the rabbits. Charcoal fumes have been found better than bi- sulphide of carbon. From 10th November, 1890, to 31st May, 1891, over 100,000 rabbits have been destroyed. There are only 15,000 sheep on the run. Five thousand died last year from starvation owing to rabbits. Four thousand have died this year, and those on the run are described as walking skeletons. Ballandry is an exceptionally bad run, three-fifths of the country being mallee, or barren stony bills. Apples sliced and poisoned with strychnine have proved very efficacious. The profit on the run has only been 2½d. per head per annum during four years, and this is more than covered by rent alone, to say nothing of interest on capital. On Bynya the manager deposed that charcoal, bisulphide of carbon, phosphorus and strychnine have been lavishly distributed. The whole of this run is not yet enclosed. Apple jam, poisoned with strychnine, has proved the most effectual treatment. Tank trapping in summer also was effective. Great interest is felt by pastoral lessees in the evidence now being given. Sussex is to be congratulated on having secured a fine batsman in Marlow, whose contribution of 143 not out against the M.C.C. was the result of three and a-half hours' fault- less play. , .... -Mr. Albert Gardiner, one of the candidates for Forbes, New South Wales, says that both . free-trade and protection are as dead as Julius Caesar, though their ghosts are walking about j trying to sow dissension in the ranks of labour J party. 