THE GHOST DANCE. The Ghost Dance has seldom been wit nessed by a white man, but an . American . paper describes one of tbem as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half-breed to take him to thefpot. Tbe camp in question was situ ated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hills. Many of the Sioux are farmers and freighters, and their waggons were corralled in the middle of the valley. Some of the older braves and squaws, who have never reconciled, themselves to modern w&ys;, had tents apart. The oxen, pigs, . and poultry were cooped or tethered on the outskirts of the camp. The dance began at dark, and though tbe old squaws had carefully raked out the fires, a blaze arising from them aow and then revealed 'the Tact that the braves were in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the eastern end of the camp, those in front kneeling, *rith the young bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pause of about ten minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined hands and knelt down in the centre of the valley. They began chant ing what, sounded ' like a ; dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. The warriors advanced, and joining hands in a larger circle behind the old sqsaws, they began the Ghost Dance. They, too. chanted a dirge, bnt less' shrilly than the squaws, and then came tbe invocation , jto the dead braves to arise and exterminate the white man. The old women, meanwhile, had each procured a burning stick that bad apparently been j dipped In' jome 'kind of pitch. Returning i 1 with these, they stole like shadows b&der; 1 tbe linked arms of ihe warriors, and passed ! through the circle like a procession ol , sphinxes. TJiis was repeated again and ] again, and it is said that the dance lasts till 1 daylight, when every one concerned in it is j more or less exhausted. ? ? j An English Billion, of seconds has not . elapsed since the frorld began. No matter what their daily cares, parents should find time to take their children upon their knees, and caress them with kind words and tender touches. 