lilt! Nil CHAPTER XV. -IN THE FRIAR'S AVENUE. . CHAPTER XVI. -UNDER PETTICOAT GOVERNMENT. CHAPTER XVII. —THE WIDOW OPENS THE BATTLE. CHAPTER XVIII.— COLONEL CLIF FORD OBEYS ORDERS. CHAPTER XIX.-MRS. RIVERS' MASKED BATTERY. CHAPTER XX BEFORE THE STORM- CHAPTER XXI.— STAY AND &PARE; NOT. CHAPTERXXII.— MACLEAN'S VALET. CHAPTER XXIII.— THE SECRET OF ' MORDADNT WASTE. CHAPTER XXIV.— A GHOSTLY VISIT. CHAPTER XXV.— FALLING INTO EiiExr CHAPTER XXVI.— FACE TO FACE. ' CHAPTER XXVII. -A SHOT IN THE DARK. CHAPTER XXVIII.— THE MORNING AFTER. CHAPTER XXIX. - BLANCHES "DOOM." CHAPTER XXX. -MISS FERNLEIGHS' 'LAST. CHAPTER XIII. —Continued, Stunned, bewildered, half blind, Blanche and Adeline found themselves hurried along by Harry, who appeared before them as if he, too, had arisen out of the earth. Thev reached the boundary wall, they were over it, and the instant Aliss Fernlcigh found her self in safety, of course her iirst act was to go oil" in a dead faint. Blanche Clifford never looked at her. Pale, breathless, terrified, her sple thought was for the man who had saved her life. How he managed it she never could tell ; but in two minutes lie had leaped the wall, and stood in safety by her side. " Sharp work, eli Hurry 1 Good evening, Miss Clifford," said Ken neth Maclean, bowing with an easy courtesy as though the late skirmish had been a contest with an excited turkey gobbler. " I hope his angry lordship in the field yonder did not frighten you very much. All, how's this 1 Aliss Fernleigh fainting !" " Don't distress yourself," said Harry, who was plentifully sprinkling poor Adeline with water. " I'm bring ing her to. And when I've brought her to, I'm going to hunt up the gallant Colonel Clifford, and bring him to also. We'll find him in a death-like swoon, I'll be sworn, be hind the nearest hedge. He ought to enter himself as the favorite for the Derby. "There isn't a racer in all England could' beat his time, making for the boundary wall. Again Maclean laughed. " ' Ho who fights and. runs away, May live to fight another day.' There's""Aiiss Fernleigh opening her eyes. Really, Harry, you ought t.o take out your diploma. Your Skill in bringing round swooning females isn't to be surpassed. My dear Miss Adeline," bending over her, as that young lady, with rather a wild expression of countenance, sat up, " I hope Harry hasn't quite drowned you. He didn't spare cold water — I'll say that for him." " The bull ! " gasped Adeline. " Oh, good gracious ! that horrid brute! Where are we 1 He can't get at us, can he 1 '! "Ho, he can't," said Harry, "and if he could, Adeline, here's Maclean and I — a match for a whole herd. You're as right as a trivet, and righter if possible. Were you going to head him off with that bamboo switch, Harry?" asked Alaclean. " It would have been a novel sorb of bull-fight, certainly." Harry held up the switch in ques tion, snapped in two. My loss has paid my folly's tax ; I've broko my trusty battle-axo. Oh, by Jove ! here comes the hero of a hundred fights, and as chapfallen a liero as I've seen this month of Sun days. Alaclean, you paint ; here's a subject for your next picture — Cceur de Lion running like mad from an ex cited bull, and leaving two young ladies to face him alone. Ah, colonel," with' mock politeness, "I trust I see you none the worse for your recent little — ahem — fright t We were going to hunt you up — thought you might be in a fainting-fit somewhere ; and, egad i you don't look unlike it this moment." Truly he did not. His dark face had turned of an ashen white, and his fierce black eyes had a wild, vengeful glare as ho turned them upon the speaker. He muttered something, hoarsely and incoherently — ho one knew what — and Harry looked with a cynical eye, and listoned with a pitiless face. " The Clifford blood never breeds cowards, eh, ray colonel? So we'll call it constitutional caution ! Gracious, though ! the constitutional caution would have been unfortunate for the girls if Alaclean hadn't chanced along. Blanche, I never knew you ungrateful before. Isn't it worth a ' thank you ' to save your life ? " She had been standing, white as a statue of snow, witli many conflicting emotions, and quite unable to speak. At her brother's rebuke she turned to her preserver, and held out her hand. " I am not ungrateful," sho said, in a very low voice, " Air. Maclean will mot think so badly of mo as that." " I can never think otherwise than Troll of Aliss Clifford," ho said, with grave courtesy, his eyes lingering on that pure white hand, with its spark ling solitaire. " As for you, my dear Harry, I think you had much better hold your tongue, and give your ami to Aliss Fern'eigh, who looks fit to drop. Make sure there are no excit able quadrupeds, for the future, in the fields you cross, with scarlet scarves and feathers, my dear Aliss Adeline. You're a heroine, beyond a doubt, but not whore angry bulls are concerned. You fainted in the most approved fashion, in the arms of your pre server,' as the Radcliffo romances have it — meaning Harry, of course. It was quite a tableau. Miss Clifford, we are very near the Hermitage. You will do me the honor of coming in and resting for a few moments, I trust.'' He offered her his arm, and Blanche took it at once. Had he not saved her life, and was there not a subtle charm about the man that bent them all to his will ? ' "You, too, colonel," he said, cour teously. "We have to settle about those repairs, you know. It will be altogether " a charitable act, Aliss Clifford," with one of his light laughs, " for visitors at my humble wigwam are like angels, few and far between." The pretty dwelling, with its clus tering roses, its climbing ivy, its sweetbriar and honeysuckle, came in sight even whilst he spoke. The red glory, of .the sunset blazed on its diamond-panod casements, and turned the water-pools in the misty woodland into pools of blood. The deaf old woman who -" dicl '! for Air. Alaclean stood in the vine-wreathed doorway, like an ancient Venus' framed in sweets, and dipped a curtsey to her master and his guests. " Welcome to the Hermitage, Aliss Clifford," he said, throwing open a door to the right of the spacious entrance-hall- " This is my drawing- room, atelier, smoking-room, study — all in one. You'll overlook the general topsy- turyyness of things, I trust. Airs. Greyson, here, does her best; but really I never could be brought to see the beauty of order. Throw off those books and papers, Harry ; they can't be in a worse muddle than they are now." Blanche and Adeline dropped into scats, and looked about them with con siderable curiosity. Certainly it was a scone of " most admired disorder," yet fastidiously clean, and possessiiiga certain element of the picturesque through all tho confusion. The bare walls were literally covered with pic tures, many of them priceless gems — all beautiful in their way, -In one corner stood an easel, with a covered canvas; in another a writing-desk, strewn with manuscripts, proofs, books, and all the paraphernalia of author ship. And there were pistols, and sabres, and fonoing-foils, and tobacco- boxes, and dice-boxes, andmoorsohaums, and lorgnons, statuettes, and parrots, and cockatoos, and canaries in cages, and geraniums in pots, a piano, a violin, no end of fishing-rods, arid" "the novels of Paul de Kock — all tho un- sanctified thousand and' one things of a bachelor's apartment. The old woman who" " did " for the owner of this apartment yanished, and presently reappeared with Air. Robert, the valet, laden With wine and cake, grapes and peaches, for the ladies. And Adeline, -who had regained all 'her BrvraquaThsouciarice; partook Of the fruit, and fluttered about the room, looking at everything, and lost in ad miration. 'j Just hear this lovely green parrot chattering French, Blariohe l'T wonder if Mrs. Rivers would approve of his accent. Do you play the violin and piano both," arid paint pictures, and write books, too, Mr. AI 'Loan? Dear rhe 1 you're distressingly clever 1 It really makes my poor head spin to think of it. And we may look at the pictures, mayn't we ? And I may take this cover off, mayn't I ? Oh, Blanche, how sweet ! Just come here !" She had whipped "the screen from the painting on the easel, and stood wrapped in admiration before it. The artist had made a slight motion, as though to prevent her, then checked himself, and stood a little aside, his lips compressed under his dark beard. Blanche arose and went over. A moment she looked ; then she uttered a faint ejaculation, nnd her eye3 turned full upon the artist in mute inquiry. It was an evening scene — an avenue with waving trees — park "gates in the foreground, and the turrets of a stately mansion rising in the distance. A tall, slender young man stood holding a little girl — a mere child — in his arms, his tall form bent over her. You could see neither face distinctly, but he was in the act of placing a ring upon her - finger. And under the trees crouched a weird figure— a gipsy- faced old crone — glaring upon the youthful pair with malign old eyes. Beneath was written — " " XTritil we "meet again." "Very pretty, indoed," said Harry, witli his customary drawl ; " only, why don't they let us see their countenances And what's the elderly party under the trees making faces for ? She's not in love with that slim young man, and jealous of the little one, is" she?' By Jove! the ancient dame isn't unlike old Crazy Hagar." "And the place looks like Mor- daunt," added Adeline. "Couldn't they have faced the company, Air. Alaclean, as well as not? Nice, isn't it, Blanche? Why don't you say something ? I never knew you tongue- tied before.'' And then, without waiting for a reply, tho volatile baronet's daughter started "off at a new tangent and pounced upon a portfolio of sketches upon the table, " Harry, come on and untie the strings — I adore pictures, you know. How Air. Alaclean finds time to do all these things, and He under tlie trees and smoke tho way he does, is a mys tery to me." Air. 'Maclean paid no heed to the compliment. He was standing, a half smile on his face, looking at Blanche's puzzled, wistful, inquiring counten ance. Once or twice she looked at him, with a half-formed - question on hor lips, and eacli time noting those clear, dark eyes, her own fell and her color rose. The inquiry she would have made died on her lips. She turned away abruptly and walked over to the table, where Adeline and Harry animatedly dis cussed the contents of the portfolio. Girl crossing a brook with a pitcher. They're always crossing brooks with pitchers, and always in their bare feet. Heron drinking out of a solitary pool. How thirsty the herons invariably are in water colors. Speering fortunes. Oh, of course, the everlasting red cloak and gipsy face ; and she's charmingly pretty and tho gentleman's a perfect love 1 And — eh 1 why, good gracious me ! if here isn't Airs. Rivers I" Adeline jerked out a sketch in a violent hurry, and held it up to general view. It was a water-color — a woman's head, with long, almond eyes and melt ing smile. And beneath, in pencil, " A Rose Full of Thorns." "It is Airs. Rivers, by Jupiter!" exclaimed Harry. " I say, Alaclean, where did you ever see the little widow, and how came you to be so deuced uncomplimentary ? . ' A Rose Full of Thorns j' Do you hear that, my colonel ? Be warned in time 1" Blanche looked swiftly over her shoulder at the artist. He. was stand ing behind her brother, and the darkly handsome face had turned a dead white. " The original of that picture is dead," ho said, hoarsely. I don't know your Airs. Rivers." " Egad; then, you've painted lier," said Harry. " The original may be deud 10 times over, but that's Airs. Rivers to a clear certainty, arid "a capital likeness, too. If be doesn't be lieve us he can step over to Fernleigh Ward — eh, Adeline ?— and satisfy him self as soon as he pleases." " 'J I think wo had better go," said Blanche, rising hurriedly, "mamma will fancy I am lost. It will be quite dark before we reach home, and there is no moOn" to-night." ' " With Colonel Clifford to protect you, what need you fear ?" said Harry, firing a parting shot at the Indian officer. " Come, Miss Fernleigh, you must tear yoursolf away from Maclean and his manifold attractions, Time is on the wing." Tho trio departed — their host made no attempt to detain them. The dead whiteness that had settled on his face was there still when he bade them good evening — there still, when, an hour later, ho leaned over his garden gate, watching the summer stars como out and glimmer in their golden beauty on the still black pools. "And I thought her dead," he said, between his teeth, "and once more she rises before me, where I had hoped even to forget lier memory. Oh, heaven, am I never to he free. CHARTER XIV. ON GUABD. The pretty little widow who had come to "form " that fast young la'dy, Aliss Adeline Fernleigh, made herself at home at Fernleigh Ward. It was a very pleasant house— the rooms large, lightsome, elegant — Sir ,Rve- rard's French cook an artist ; and' the dainty little widow was a gourmande in her way, and liked her sparkling Aloselle, her hock, and her Cliquot. It was a very pleasant house, and the hospitable baronet enter tained some very pleasant people ; and if his daughter's governess and com panion had been a duchess he could hardly have treated her with more courtly Grandisonian respect. It was ever so much nicer than at Clifford Park, with only fidgety Lady Grey, and lier high-stepping, proud-eyed daughter, and nothing better to flirt with than a flippant Harrow boy. For Mrs. Rivers dearly loved flirting— she was a coquette born and bred, and as Aliss Clifford had said of her, would make eyes at the stable lads, if no better game was to be had. "But better game was abundant at Fernleigh Ward. First of all, there was the baronet him self, upon whom old point, and floating draperies, and plump shoulders, and perfumed tresses, and long almond eyes were never thrown away. Anil there were the officers of the Artillery, very heavy swells indeed, from the colonel who wrote his name high in the peerage, to the dashing young subs, with the green down yet callow on their military chins, and who invariably lost their heads at first sight of the gor geous' widow. And there were the county magnates — ponderous young squires in top-boots and pink coats, with mutton-chop whiskers and an overfed look — like their own cows — who stared at the brilliant little lady in speechless admiration, and whis pered cjumsy compliments in her pretty pink ear after dinner in the drawing-room. And lastly there was Edward Clifford — hero and knight- bfrarit— a modern corsair as to liis mysterious moodiness, who lived but in her divine presence, and who glared ferociously upon everything masculine that dared approach her. Sir Evorard Fernleigh had been one of tho first to call upon the returned heir of Mordaunt — his old friend's son — and welcomehim heartily back to England. But the returned heir had mot the baronet's courteous advances with that silent sullciness that appeared his nominal state. " Your cousin is very much changed, my dear Aliss Clifford," Sir Everard had said to Blanche, stroking his beard thoughtfully ; ?' changed out of all knowledgo, and not for the better, I regret to say. The Cliffords were always gentlemen — thoroughbred ; but jour cousin — I give you my word — he is as rude as tho most uncouth boor in Surrey. And 1' remember him 16 years ago m ith the polished manners of the Prince Regent himself." Nevertheless, Sir Everard invited the ex-colonel to Fernleigh Ward, and the ex-colonel, finding his Circe an inmate of tho house, accepted at once, and hauutcd the manor as a ghost. The elderly, elegant baronet frowned a little at these too assiduous atten tions. " The fellow is a fool as well as a boor 1 He's after that little woman like a ferret after a rabbit, a terrier after a rat, or a hound after a He'll want her to marry him next— the superhuman idiot ! — and he'll fetch her to Mordaunt, and shut her up with the friar's ghost, and feed her on groens and bacon, and shoot any man who so much as looks at her. And to think that that scowling, sullen, ill- mannered lout — for lie is a lout-— should be General Clifford's son, with the best blood of the kingdom in his veins 1 And yet, why need I talk — theye's Adeline — no milkmaid in the country was ever more rustic than she. It must be that the old blood degene rates — more's the pity I I only hope Airs. Rivera won't be a fool and listen to Clifford. He's as poor as a rat, arid the little Grace is ambitious. I dare say she would like to become my Lady Fernleigh, and display the family diamonds on that superb neck of hers, and reign Lady Paramount at the county balls. She's capital Btyle, past mistress of the art of dress — looks like one of Lely's women, with their ripe figures, and smiling lips, and scented curls ; or Reynold's- bright- eyed, laughing girls, who bewitch you from the canvas. I admire her im mensely, and like to look at her ex ceedingly, but as to marrying her — no, my dear Mrs. Rivers— I'll do anything for you but that, I'll pay you any reasonable yearly salary you like — I'll listen to your delicious little chansons and ballads— I'll play ecarte with you -—I'll admire your exquisite toilets, I'll pay you high-flown compliments ; but as for making you Lady Fernleigh —no, madam— I never will." But Airs. Rivers could not read, clever ftsghg was, the baronet's com placent thoughts, and her motto wa3 still "hope on." She spent two or three hours a day over her toilets, and came down as elaborately dressed as though the baronet entertained a perpetual dinner party. She had diamonds, and opals, and emeralds, whose radiance made you wink again ; moires and bro cades stiff enough in their richness, to stand alone. They were rather suspicious, those splendid jewels, seeing that gover nesses, poor things, as' a rule don't sport such splendor ; but Mrs. Rivers looked up at you with tears in the soft, luminous dark eyes, and told you how " poor, darling, Frank " (the late lamented Rivers) had given hor the diamonds and opals, and her Grace of Kilhassie the emeralds ; and how could you be monster enough to doubt the truth of those innocent, tearful eyes ? She stood alone in the picture gal lery at Fernleigh one' afternoon, a little over a week after hor coming. As usual her toilet was simply per fection — rich green silk, that trailed and wound after her, a crown of ivy on"tlie' glossy black hair, rare old' lace draping the rounded arms, the Kil hassie emeralds gleaming greenish as sho moved, arid a gold serpent bracelet with emerald eyes on lier dimpled wrists. She stood, amid the long array of Court beauties by Knoller and Vandyke, herself a lovely vision, gazing out with bent brows and steady eyes at the ceaseless falling rain. Those melting, starry eyes had a trick of growing very hard and steely when no other eyes were near, and the smooth brow bent into sharp lines that turned her 10 years older in as many minutes. She was very pale, too. It was not quite time to go down to dinner, and that wondrous rouge in which she bloomed in perennial youth and the belladonna that lit up the velvet eyes were still safely locked up in the widow's drawers, The August day had been dull, sun less, sultry and OYercast— - -the August evening was closing down, hope lessly windy and wet. The trees rocked in the high gale — -the red deer trooped away to their shelter- sky and sea blendid afar off in one long grey line, - It was a very fair domain, this Fernleigh Ward, even in the rainy twilight of an eerie day — a grand old place — and the wife of Sir Everard Fernleigh, and the mistress of these broad acres, might consider herself a very lucky woman. "And not one rood of it all is entailed," the widow thought, her dark eyes wandering greedily over meadow, and park, and copse ; " and he doesn't care for Adeline. If she were to die to-morrow, he would shrug his shoulders and lift his eyebrows, and say, ' Poor child, hpw very unpleasant to finish like this ! ' and go back to Voltaire and Condorcet, and forget in a week. As Airs. Rivers I am nobody — less than nobody — barely tolerated — ad mired with an admiration that is an insult in itself — an object of suspicion— a toast for the mess — an adventuress — a milliner's lay- figure 1 But- as Lady Fern leigh, this wretched life of plotting, of intrigue — this dreary tread mill, on which I have gone up and down for the past 20 years — of which I am wearied to death — might end. I might forget the past — I might turn Lady Bountiful, grow as saintly and as orthodox as Miss Clifford herself, and pass the remainder of my days free from guile, embroidering elaborate stoles and surplices for newly-fledged curates, and leading the choir in tho village church. I could turn my mind to the poor- -to beef and to blankets at Christmas — to weak tea and stale buns for the charity children — and forget the bad, bitter past. And by and bye there would possibly be an heir, and I might be simply and honestly happy, like other women — an honored wife, a loved mother." Oh, lost wretch that I am ! " she covered her face suddenly, shuddering from head to foot, " can I forget I once had a child ? Where in all the wide earth, or under it, is the baby I doseried 18 years ago ?" (to be continued.) 