MELBOURNE. (FEOJI OUR OW3T COREESPOXDEsTJ. The Chamber of Manufactures arc pressui the Government very hard to have the colony suitably represented at the forthcoming Tas linahiau Exliibition. Lately the Government agreed to pay for the cost of transport of exhibits, and to-day the Council of the Chamber waited on Mr M'Leati, and urged that £2000 should be set apart for the expenses of the representation, and that he should appoint a suitable secretary. 3Ir M'Lean said his col leagues were much averse to spending money on the venture, aud he could not appoint a secretary, hut he thought the Government would ' guarantee any limited expenditure. Finally he agreed to leave the management in the hands of the Chamber ou the understanding that they would observe due economy. A South Australian footballer named Bruce E. Middleton, of very respectable exterior, fell this morning into the hands of the detectives. He was till recently employed as a clerk in the Public Works office at Adelaide, aud it * is alleged that whUe there 'he 'received monies amounting to ■ £50, for;which he faded - to account. -He.was on a visit to some rclativesat South Melbourne when arrested. When brought before the City court to-day he was remanded ID1 Friday, i>rior to his return to South Aus tralia. . -V - *£ Murray on Purves 99 formed a subject for consideration to-day by the Collingwood magi strates when a young fellow with the former nomenclature was charged with using ol>sceiie laiiguago in - a; public i place. * It appeared he objected to one of the Q.C.*s long-winded orations at a recent A-IiA. concert, aud ex pressed liis opinion in language more emphatic than choice, with the result that police inter ference was invoked. As he could offer hut the most llimsy excuse for his conduct the bench mulcted him in a £5 tine and costs. In view of the indignant feeling shown by the Pruliran branch of the Australian Natives Association consequent ou Major Hoad's resig nation of the presidency of the branch at the suggestion of the Defence department, the Minister points out that as the Major is now on the permanent military staff it is incomputable with the military regulations that he or any. other permanent officer should hold prominent office ou any association of a more or less 2>olitical character. There, is, however, no objection to his continuing as a member, of the association., The hard-dying Gold Commission promises to . give . up the ghost in the course of a few months, more or less, judging by the remarks made at the meeting of the Commission this morning by the chairman, Mr Bell. Alter Mr Danvers Power had been examined on the sub ject of smelting, washing, and crushing of ores, etc., Mr Bell said * the Commission hoped to receive the reports of the various sub-com mittees in about a fortnight, when they would consider their final report so as to give a chance of legislative action this session, . t Mr Sargeaut thought the members had lost all interest in the Commission, and pointed out that only the expert members attended the sittings regularly. A robbery of a very mysterious character has been reported to the police. The victims arc Messrs M'Guigau aud Co., wine and spirit merchants/who rent a front portion "of the Hibernian Hall .in Swaiistou-street. Mr M'Guigau locked the premises at 11 o'clock last night and took, the keys home to - his residence at Hawthorn, ' This morning he'fouud the keys were gone, and on hastening to the office found all the doors locked, but likewise found that both the office safes had .been opened, "aud £100 in cash, and cheques amounting to £80 ab stracted. The detectives are completely pinaled to account for this little bit of expert, burgling. _ Sir James MTlain, President of the Legisla-. tive Council, entered upon a new departure to day, at the request of the Trades Hall Council. A deputation from that body waited ou Sir James and asked htm to fix the date of polling for the North Yarra Province election on a, Saturday. The President said that as the pro vince was an industrial one he would agree to the request, but ouly ou the condition that it was not accepted as; a precedent, because Saturday was the Jewish Sunday and also a; half-holiday. A very big deal was' made when Messrs Buckley :tnd A unit's well-known drapery busi ness changed liamls for £350,000. It is under stood that the purchaser is Mr Robt. Rcid, of Flinders-street, who is representing a wealthy English and Melbourne syndicate. Another case of an aged person having to. go to gaol for the 'terrible crime of being poor came before the City Court to-day. The victim, Catherine Stewart, a poor old woman of 70, was charged with vagrancy, having been found wandering abqut the streets ami being too weak to work. It was stated that there was no chaucc to get her into the Benevolent Asylum, and the beueli said there was uotliing for it but to seud her to gaoL. * The libel action of O'Doimcll .v. Gearing, vtliivli wm UiemSeuod to- Ju.t', maj- ' l»o UtKtu"*tu illustrate the 2>crils with which the .sub-editor Is beset. It appears,that the sub-editor of oiie of the Maryborough' i>apers niaking an extract from a contemporary placed the end of one case on thai of another, aud as this did not put Mr O'Donucll;before the public in an amiable light he commenced a libel action,, wliich was'dis misscd to-daybv consent, owing to a satisfac •tbry arrangement having been come to between thejiartics.. : J ■ i It is not always n good thing to' "be left'' a fortune,- although it is probablothat most i»eople; would be willing to run all risks involved in the acceptance of one. ' At an inquest held to-day upon the body of Robert Bremner it was elicited that the deceased, who was a baker, was left-a considerable sum by a relative in England, and tliat lie had since been drinking pretty^ freely. On Saturduye veiling 'hevisitetLa lneetlug of the Bakers' Society at the Trades' Hall, and fclL (.own the steps, sustaining severe injuries. He died ou Monday, but the medical evidence went to show that the immediate cause of death was apoplexy. , •• Charles Caddy was released on his recogni sances at the sessions to-day, to come up when called on for sentence.: He had been tried for assaulting a man named Joyce in a Fitzroy hotel, and the case looked very serious indeed against him at first, the allegations being that Caddy had struck Joyce a fearful blow with a glass, which cut his face and deluged him with blood. The defence was that Joyce made im proper proposals to Caddy, aud thai the latter struck him, hitting the glass against his face and cutting it. 