CHAPTER XIX. And the morrow has come. Down in a deep and bluff-shadowed valley, hung all around with pic- turesque crags and pine-crested heights, under a cloudless September sun whose warmth is tempered by the mountain breeze, a thousand rough-looking, bronzed and bearded and powder-blackened men are resting after battle. Here and there on distant ridge and point the cavalry vdettes keep vigilant watch against sur- prise or renewed attack. Down along the banks of a clear, purling stream a sentry paces slowly by the brown line of rifles, swivel- stacked in the sunshine. Men by the dozon are washing their blistered feet and grimy hands and faces in the cool, refreshing water ; men by the dozen lie soundly Bleeping, some in the broad glare, some in the shade of the little clump of willows, all heedless of the pestering swarms of flies. Ont on the broadï graney elopes, side-lined and watched by keen-eyed guards, the herds of cavalry horses are quietly grazing, forgetful of the wild excitement of yeatereven. Every now and then some one of.vtbem lifts his head, pricks up his ears, and snorts and stamps suspiciously as he sniffs Pt the puffs of smoke that come drifting up the valley from the fires a mile away. The waking men, too, bestow an occasional comment on the odour which greets their nostrils. Down Btream where the fires are burning are the blackened remnants of a waggon train; tires, bolts, and axles are lying about, but all wood I work is in smouldering ashes ; so, too, is all that remains of several hundredweight of stores and supplies destined originally to nourish the Indians, but by them diverted to feed the fire. I There is a big circle of seethiag flame and rolling Btaoke here, too, a malodorous neighbourhood, around which fatigue parties are'working with averted heads; and among them Bome surly and unwilling Indians, driven to labour at the muzzle of threatening revolver or carbine, aid in dragging to the flames carcase after carcase of horse and mule, and in gathering together and throwing on the pyre an array of miscellaneous soldier gar- ments, blouses, shirts, and trousers, all more or less hacked and bloodstained-all of no more use to mortal wearer. Out on the southern slopes, just where a ravine crowded with wild rose bushes opens into the valley, more than half the command is gathered, formed in rectangular lines about a number of shallow, elongated pits, in each of which there lies the stiffening foim of a comrade who but yesterday joined in the battle cheer that burst upon the valley with the setting sun. Silent and reverent they stand in their rough campaign garb. The escort of infantry " rests on arms ;" the others bow their uncovered heads, and it is the voice c? the veteran colonel that, in accents trembling with sympathy and emotion, renders the last tribute to fallen comrades and lifts to heaven the prayers for the dead. Then see ! The morning groups break away from the southern side j the brown rifles of the escort are lifted in air ; the listening rocks resound to the sudden ring of the flashing volley ; the soft, low, wailing good-by of the trumpets goes floating up the vale, and soon the burial parties are left alone to cover the once familiar faces with the earth to which the soldier must re- turn, and the comrades who are left, foot and dragoon, come marching, silent, back to camp. And when the old regiment begins its homeward journey, leaving the well-won field to the fast arriving commands, and bidding hearty soldier fare- well to the cavalry comrades whoso friendship they gained in the front of a savage foe, the company that was the first to land its fire in the fight goes back with diminished numbers and under command of its second lieutenant. Alas, poor Jerrold ! There is a solemn little group around the camp fi^e tho night before they go. Prank Armitage, flat on his bask, with a rifle bullet through his thigh, but Hking things very coolly for all that, is having a quiet conference with his colonel. Such of the wounded o£ the entiro command as are well enough to travel by easy stage3 to the railway go with Maynard and the regiment in the morning, and Sergeant M'Lcod, with his sabre arm in a sling, is one of these. But the captain of Company B must wait until the'surgeons can lift him along in an ambulance and all fear of fever has subsided. To the colonel and Chester he hands the note which is all that is left to comfort poor Nina Beaubien. To them he reads aloud the note addressed to him- self : " You are right in saying that the matter of my possession of that photograph should be explained. I seek no longer to palliate my action. In making that puppyish bet with Sloat I did believe that I could induce Miss Renwick or her mother to let me have a copy ; hub I was refused so positively that I knew it was useless. This simply added to my desire to have one. The photographer was the same that took the pictures and furnished the albums for our class at graduation, and I, moro than anyone, had been instrumental in getting the order for him against very active opposition. He had always professed the greatest gratitude to me and a willingness to do anything for me. I wrote i to him in strict confidence, told him of the intimate and close relations existing between the colonel's family and me, told him I wanted it to enlarge and present to her mother on her approaching birthday, and promised him that I would never reveal how I came by the picture so long as I lived ; and he sent me one -just in time. Have I not paid heavily for my sin ?" No one spoke for a moment. Chester was the first to break the silence : " Poor fellow ! He kept his word to the photo- grapher j but what was it worth to a woman ?" There had been a week of wild anxiety and ex- citement at Sibley. It was known through the columns of the press that the regiment had hurried forward from the railway the instant it reached the Colorado trail, that it could not hope to get through to the valley of the Spirit Wolf without a fight, and that the moment it succeeded in joining hands with the cavalry slready there a vigorous attack would be made on the Indians. The news of the rescue of the survIirorB of Thornton's com- mand came first, and with it the tidings that Maynard and his regiment were mot only thirty miles from the scene, and were pushing forward. The next news came two days later, and a wail went np even while men were shaking hands and rejoicing over the gallant fight that has been made, and women were weeping for joy and thank- ing God that those whom they held dearest were safe. It was down among the wives of the ser- geants and other veterans that the blow struck hardest at Sibley ; for the stricken officers were un- married men, while among the rank and file theie were several who never came back to the little ones who bore their name. Company B had suffered moat, for the Indians had charged fiercely on its deployed but steadfast line. Armitage almost choked and broke down when telling the colonel about it that night as he lay under the willows : " It was the first smile I had seen on his face since I got back-that with which he looked up in my eyes and whispered good-by, and died-just after we drove them back. My turn came later," Old Sloat, too, ' had his customary crack,' as he expressed it-a shotthrough the wrist that made him hop and swear savagely until some of the men got to laughing at the comical figure he cut, and then he turned and cursed them with hearty goodwill, and seemed all oblivious of the bullets that wont ripping past his frosting head. Young Rollins, to his inexpressible pride and comfort, had a bullet hole through his scouting hat and another through his shoulder strap that raised a big welt on the white skin beneath, but, to the detriment of pro- motion, no captain was killed, and Jerrold gave the only file. The one question at Sibley was, " What will Nina Beaubien do ?" She did nothing. She would see nobody from the instant the news came. She had hardly slept at night-was always awake at dawn and out at the gate to get the earliest copy of the morning papers ; but the news reached thelh at nightfall, and when some of the ladies from the fort drove in to offer their sympathy and condolence in the morn- ing, and to make tender inquiry, the answer at the door was that Miss Nina saw nobody, that her mother alone was with her, and that " she was very still." And so it went for some days. Then there came the return of the command to Sibley ¡ and hundreds of people went up from town to see the six companies of the forth garrison march up the winding road amid the thunder of wel- come from the guns of the light battery and the exultant strains of the band. Mrs. Maynard and Alice were the only ladies of the circle who were not there. A son and brother had joined them, after long absence, at Aunt Grace's cottage at Sab Ion, was the explanation, and the colonel would bring them home in a few days, after he had at-, tended to some important matters at the fort. In the first place, Chester had to see to it that the tongue of scandal was slit, so far as the colonel's household was concerned, and all good people noti- fied that no such thing had happened as was popu- larly supposed (and " everybody" received the announcement with the remark that she kne<v all along it couldn't be so), and that a grievous and absurd but most mortifying blunder had been made. It was a most unpleasant ghost to " down," the shadow of that scandal, for it would come up to the surface of garrison chat at all manner of confidential moments ; but no man or woman could safely speak of it to Chester. It was gradually assumed that he was the man who had done all the blundering, and that he was supersons'tive on the subject. (To be continued.) 