f- 'y ?? ^ I^OfidOfi' ^\ (ffiCMgojtowjfCQWieflfQjfPVfTjj. -t.3 'j' ' -* . Lar&uftMareb; SO. I gr.V^'xAos .till cJnttouiiV devou I'^W $ '» dUcnsslon of tbo (object of PjSutf^ W«Jty', does if «xtot ?* »W. tSSffi»«^thatbi«I-)r4»Upi» dotog good |.;W^1i»eUbora.tlngUiUrlUoitiBB»'ia «W ing that there is a riar. media between tho doctrine that the Australians ore 'extrava- gantly loyal,' and the faith that persons like Henry George entertain— viz,, that loyalty to tie Queen and British Constitution is quite a nfinus quantity on the part of the colonists. Mid Carrington's difference with tho party at lome, headed by Lord Koseberry, Sir George Baden-Powell. Mr. Howard VinM-nt etc .etc. is principally marked in that he does not Klieve in Imperial Federation. ? He draws on his experience to convince him that this faith is too Hazy for practical people to deal with ; he realises well enough the natural leanings of a people, now largely-native born, towards Nationalism. But, he Bays that though this makes Australia more . confident Tin ? her strength, and more alive to her interests, it in noway diminishes or impairs by one jot or tittle the good feeling and fellowship, which exists between Australia and England.' The mperial federation League still continues to hold meetings in various parts of this country, and to discourse upon the grandeur 'of 'the doctrine, but I fancy- that, unless the League can make its own inuome practical manner the recehtly-advanced-claims for commercial union between parts^ of the British Empire, le enthusiasm of its members will vanish by degrees, an'djrrow beautifully less. Mr. HaddaS Chambers' play, 'The Dder,' whichJC see was brought out in Sydney with successxis ' doini? well at tho St.' James' Theatre. 'The booking continues to be satis factory, and I see crowds waiting each night outside the entrances to the cheap parts of the house. Chambers has been extremely fortun; ate in the actors who have personated both this piece and ' Captain Swift,' and he could not havoBelected better. Mr. George Alexander is one of the most .clever artiste -in' London', and in Miss Maud Millett, and Miss Marion Terry, the author has two of the most charm ing ladies we have on the stage. Several ittle alterations have been recommended to Mr. Chambers in his play. . The plot is, of course, somewhat disagreeable, and slight changes here and there would obviously be of advantage. ? But Mr. Hoddon Chambers will have none of these, he thoroughly believes in lis genius, and does not care for dictation. Withont desiring to joy s : rthing offensive of him, I may remark that he does not grow more humble as his success grows. Bnt he is young, and it takes a sage to accept praise and congratulations without becoming a little -One, Mr. J. T. Greta, is about to establish in London; a dramatic system akin, to the Parisian ' Theatre Libre.' That is, he pro-; poses to invite persons interested in the affair to subscribe for a series of performances which shall be independent of the license of the Lord' Chamberlain. To do this he cannot take money at the doors nor admit jtfie general public. The idea actuating the gentle men who are getting this system in vogue in this country is to perform the dramatic works of Ibsen, and translations from. Moliere, Bjornsterne-Bjomson, De Goncourt, and other exponents of the .sew school of dramatic writing. ? A start was made with this project last week, when Ibsen's ploy, ' Ghosts,' was, put on the stage of the Royalty ? Theatre in Soho. The translation was made by the son of your late Agent-General, Mr. William Archer. To him belongs the chief credit, if credit it Bhould be, of introducing Ibsen to our stage, and setting the fashion for the liieuuiy una ox aramatic literature. ui&& is to be amply found in 'Ghosts.' Joined to him are nalf-Ordozen young critics, and dramatists, and these young men Bay that the taste of English people is - hopelessly wjrong, and that the 'Independent Theatre' 'stem will put it right. , So the 'piece have, named was duly performed: on riday last- before an invited . audience ! men and women. Mr. Grein says ^ . could have filled his house over and over again. , No special precautions were necessary in the production of this play. Like. 'A Doll's Bouse,' and tho inane -dweller therein, the play is dull ; but its attractions do not lie in this direction : thoroughly un healthy and un- English, morbid and diseased in-toncftH'! is the criticism which I should, bring to bear upbn''€!he!t3t'imther than'tne term ' immoral,', ih^t is' needlessly appliEur One does in truth require a thorough educa tion in the new school Defore we are compe tent to accept with equanimity the spectacle of a son detailing to his own mother the pro gress of a loathsome disease inherited, from, his father, who ainanggt cither peculiarties had a predilection for having amours with his female servants : this latter trait was excused by his wife in speaking of the matter on account of the exuberance of the 'joy of life,' which was in him! All this sort of thing was listened to with attention, and evident pleasure, by the ladies and gentlemen present at the theatre. Certainly, the performance was ex ™llBnt,lv done. A Mrs.' TtieoiTare Writrht. hitherto tinkuqTCn to. fame, took; the principal part. As Mrs. Alving, the mqthef, she p]ayed with the greatest' reBnem.ent a most difficult rile. There raw ha,vo bee.n fifty people in .the house aotuated by real love for art of this kind, but the bulk of the audience were simply the dumb-driven slaves of vog^ie, inwardly pro testing against the monstrosities of the play, they were content to smile, and simper ap proval, because their lea,d,cjs. V-W thsni'lE'was the proper thing. '''There are no lengths to which people will not go at the bid of fashion, and women are great offenders in this respect. Not naturally cruel, they sportin their bon nets and bats the carcases of poor slanj&terad;, birds, fllflin in thQUEand,?. to gratify, their 'r^ge for fasbipn. 'TSiere nayebeen' ^proposals* majua 'that men should organise themselveij inta a league tq bovcott a,lrth,o ('ladies'' wb.q' bear about with, twin 'in' ontword. and visible sign of either cruelty, or crnel thoughtlessness. ? - ? .gir Charles Dilke still continues his electoral campaign in- tbo Forest of Dean, and Mr. W. T.' Stead continues hit/attack on Sir Charles, iv ivunriblet. I am inclined to think that the latter will over-reach l)lm».elf, fqrpeoj)le dqnqt care tq tei a mAnperjecuted in a bee' country. And the public are raising the same cry that Mr. Stead and bis friends raised in the case of Bradlaugh and Northampton. Let the electors choose their own representative, what have we to do with the matter t It isfelt tllftti^ (s simply imp-)Ssible^bs^-fqr»uc^goMnwn as Sir Ch»des DIlEe to |tigj away from publio life, an4 for 'tba Houses of Parliament to; be filled with wind-bags and voting machines. Sir Charles has satisfied ; his friends as to the worth of thenewovldonce which he Is preparing. The enthusiastic* advocacy of his wife — a most intellectual woman, tho widow ft{ the. lave Mark r/»tU«in-^.baa always weighed heavily with ma, In considering the ease.: . She speaks at his meetings, and says^he never enteruinec a doubt of Lls innocence,' -The Pall: Mall' OazeUe i* attacking him ieartily, wliilst (he Chronicle in iokjfjg % P/H*, ^ d|scr}ininfl: ilQu tkUH to I -'fin* ' , Mr. SteM'-s %eviet» \ o/7to-Uw$ «UU rernoini the choapest ilxpenny magadno to bo had j it get* more and more necessary to the person who want* to skim rather than to read the monthly articles. In' thk month's . number there U & very interesting article, on Mr, Bradlaugh, written by I^rti. BesMil. \t yaur. notlco wlttonof Charles Bradlaugti, lot then rca-I thU. Mrs. Besant, by-tbo-wSy,' is|u»tpl to Russia, on a tour conooted wjtl| hor ifttMt onwe. the forin of iplriUftlUm adyocatod by iladAme Blavatiky. « h seeming y ?trange thita woman of tho itiong, masculine, ink] loct of Mm. »e»ant, shouW Ubn up with royrticUm- In the April number of tbo idvtctc ofHevltw, wiUappear a sultoof orticka on threo Jeftdlng ro«n of our cojonlej, SlrHonJ Urkei, Sir JoBn Jf^doSald/ and MrrjCec Bnodei. Mr, Htood U going all about Fleet .r_^ tn Ami nut tho best man to take- Sir ^Sejlly, Mr, Rftlfce. U «e^nB too hfd | KoV» Venk pastel tort rigfttonj 'cornplalnt* are brought t«''-w»r. upon Jbo a4mlnlitratlo» of the Q*wm\ Port O0& by «|» and inndry^, H we bid * man ol bu»ln«« at the bead of ft, our Port Ofllce is the eaiiwt department «»]; tba pnblio wrvlw to manage, in £art it would ? aim almott »uton»MeaUy, aU that U wwtjdj 6 » fairly good man of the world at the \\\wL ?. 'progress of the -world,' and the elasticity of temperament to enable him to make tns necessary advances in his office to keep pace. This is just what Mr. Baikes cannot do. It is time that 'the Ji.V.O. made a clean sweep of the' right honorable 'gentleman, and Sir A. Blackwood, bis lieutenant, who is another of the Bame kidney. What oncht to be the most popular department ini- the service, and the most useful to the public, - is now a dis grace-to English ofiicialdom — all on account of kfr. ' RAilces. He.is tKeVanintesscsice of did fashioned Tory, red tape, stop all progress, treat the people as slaves, kind of pobcy^ The latest case of his incompetence is that of the Boy Messengers Company, Limited/ This useful company bas been in existence for some years, and their operations prove of great service to Londoners.' They nave depots in various parts of the city and West End ; if one wants a letter, or a batch of letters, de livered quickly, the boy messengers are sum moned anytime, day or night, and they run off imtanter. The charges are fixed, and small. Lately this undertaking has thought of in creasing its scope by establishing what is called in the States the 'Electric Call.' This means that the depots of the messengers are connected by .wire with the merchants' offices, this means. The public liked the idea, and it would have caught on well in London, I have .little doubt. Now comes in' Mr. Bdikes, like a dau (?) ez machind, with bis Act of Parlia ment, which grants to the Post Office the absolute right of conveying letters by systems of this magnitude. He. threatens the com pany, and they are forced under pressure to give up' the idea; next. day it appears that such general complaints have reached him from the public as to the loss to the business people of London to be experienced by the non-establishment of this service that he states he will, work the .service himself. Again, it is to-day announced that he has written to the Boy Messengers Company that he is prepared to give work to all their boys, who he supposes would be out of employment. This is a bribe to labor, ? and adding insult to' injury, as far as regards thecompany. Instances of the degree to which the Post Office is out of touch with the times abound on every side. I have ( a case myself. I called last week at the G.P.O. to find out how they were going to treat the ' Gram' con nected with the Edison Phonograph. The gram is the wax cylinder on which is engraved he marks of the point — the message, in fact, that, nnn Twrann tuanifa t.n .- nnnt.Tifn* far t.KtR system. This gram is put on another phono graphy at any subsequent time, and atony part of the world (they are all of the same gauge), as your readers know. - In America this means of correspondence is used, and whenever Mr. Edison finally fixes on the best instrument to moke, the phonographs will be put on the markets of the world, and then the question will crop up— what charge will be made for the transmission of the gram? In the States the ? gram goes by sample post. Well, I found that the Post Office people would not listen to my enquiry for a moment ; they suggested that this wimih of communica*' tion was an 'extremelyjwkward one,'.and a letter which I afterwards .received from the office stated that 'as the articles to which you refer are not btmafidt trade samples, they cannot be transmitted by sample post.' Dr. Johnson saw in the brewer's business potential wealth beyond the dreams of avarice. Jut Dr. Johnson lived before the invention of .couiiuei? (uittreg, . auiorwiae no wuuiu uava been obliged to change bis illustration. I cherish the friendship of a man who, when a- very few years ago the Trustees, Executors, and Securities - Insurance. Corporation was' established, boldly ventured to subscribe for five' Founders' Shares. ^ These were of the' amount of £10 each, 'but only £3 was called up. The peculiarity attending them was that each* share involved liability for subscription of a certain number of the ordinary shares. If the public did not take them up the, founder must. But in the case pf the Trus. tees Corporation, as in most others brought out undfer. thp sarne auspices, . the ordinary shares were not only fully subscribed by the public but commanded a premium, and in .the ?gQ^-jnv- friendpaid exactly £15 for hia shares. He had jusT^recelveu^aTriSr^i^ySBdjlan^ what does the gentle reader, familiar- with the simplicity of what us,e4 to be1 the Three Per Cents, think is his guerdon? He yesterday received a dividend : warrant for £286558.', which is pretty well for a year's earning of a capital of £15. This is not on exceptional amount, except that it is considerably less than was paid last year. These Founders' Shares; £3 paid, are now valued in the market at between £7000 and £8000 1 These are not fables, or flashes of o- disordered urtaain^tton, but -timple' facjs -witliig m^pejeqna} know Wj&'''' ''?'?' '? '' ?-''i'' --'?-'' : 