A WOMAN'S VOW. CHAPTER XXXVI. THE BAN REMOVED. A short chapter of explanations may not come amiss here. Ned Browning had, previous to the explanations recorded, confessed to having got a "maggot in his brain." . He meant, that ever since the day on which Violet had told him the story of her brother, Ernest Evesby, he had been aware that some unknown entity was continually cutting athwart his bows and identifying itself with himself. Thus Miss King informed him that Matha Beck had seen the long lost heir, Gerald Halcoto, eight months ago. Ned recollected that he arrived in Calcutta with the ship Canton, upon his flight from England and was taken to her house, ill of the yellow fever, and nursed most tenderly before her, until upon hisconvalescence, she one day terrified him by averr- ing that " she knew who he was," and intended to give'him his own. How was Ned to understand that during his ill- ness she had discovered Pomara's well remembered design around his neck, and knew him for her nursling, Gerald ¡ and in the pride of her heart meant to astonish him some day by putting him into his tiue station ? He merely supposed that in his delirium he had left out something about the Tom Ryder murder, which she had caught up ; and that she threatened him with arrest. Upon the first opportunity then, Ned had de- camped from Martha Beck, who, confident that he understood that she was his best friend, expected his return from week to week, and meanwhile allowed Messrs. Thirlow and Crowe to set up the case. This reminiscence, seen by the light of Miss King's story of Gerald Halcote, alias Ernest King had troubled Ned not a little. To think that he might, be that unknown heir ! What more likely ? But the dream of claiming this honored lady for his sister, what intolerable presumption ! So Ned anxiously awaited the result of Violet's investigations, never daring to go near Martha Beck, and wa3 on the point of flying from the field, | wheo chance confronted him with all the forgotten surroundings of hiß infancy ; and faithful Memory relighting her lamp, he had recognised them, and by that recognition been himself recognised. . This identification being established, Ned would have given up all claim to the Orita estate, had not his lynx-eyed friends, Thirlow and Crowe, piteously begged to be permitted to carry through the case, to which, at length, he consented with a proviso which Violet highly approved. This secret intention of Ned's was simply to re- ceive the estates willed to him by his generous benefactor, Colonel Halcote, with one hand, and to pass them over to Mr. P. Halcote with the other, all parties being therewith content. There was one duty, however, which Ned did not fail to perform. He set the authorities searching for Larry Maguire, the murderer of poor Jem Brace; and when Larry was found, and learned the turn affairs had taken, to save his skin he disclosed a talc that took the ban off Ned Browning forevermore, and sent him back to England proved guiltless of the crime for which he had suffered so much. Larry's confession also cleared up a portion of the mystery which had surrounded the course of Engel hardt Zeiber, and laid bare the secret motive of that course in all its hideous reality. Driven by their partnership in the murder of the sailor in the Liverpool dock Zeiber had taken Ma- guire so far into his confidence as to inform him that he had been obliged to put Ned Browning out of the way, because Ned Browning held his life in his hand, " How was that ?" Maguire had asked. His question had been waved aeide with a dogged persistence which no threats could move. Ned Browning, hearing of this, looted as if he had seen a ghost, and faltered forth a resolution to see the friar of the Meyringen Monastery immediately upon his arrival in Europe, begging his advisers to ask nothing of him until he had done so. Ned's innocence was established thus : Zeiber, judging by his refusal to sign a confession of his guilt, even at the muzzle of his pistol, that he was innocent, set himself to find out how Tom Ryder could possibly have died of poison and no one be implicated. Perhaps the miserable man was glad of any in- terest by which to divert the pangs of conscience after the murder of Brace ; for so zealously did he throw himself into this investigation that in time he actually came at the truth. By following up Tom Ryder's movements a few weeks previous to hie death, Zeiber discovered that his fits of so-called ill-humor were always followed by a visit to a certain druggist in the nearest city to Fairport, who, quite ignorant of the name of Ryder, from time to time supplied him with a simple anodyne to allay the pain iii his head of which he complained. That anodyne was none other than Hydrate of Chloral ! ne had described his symptoms to the drusrgist, who warned him against undue excitement' judging from those violent headaches that the young man was threatened with apoplexy. The reader will rpcall Tom's bitter accusation against Ned Browning-that " he had become the death of bim." He had remembered the druggist's caution when too late, and visited his seizure upon Ned, who had induced his excitement. These facts wore discoverpd by Zeiber showing the druggist Ryder's photograph, when he identi- fied it easily as that of the young man who had consulted Kim. Tom's concealment of his malady was character- istic of the man. Knowing how much disappoint- ment Buch a fact coming to the knowledge of his backers would cause, he had stubbornly concealed it, trusting to the timely use of his anodyne to sur- mount each attack. These circumstances laid before any court in Eng- land would prove Ned guiltless of the murder of his enemy. Macguire had been dispatched to India by the horrified Zeiber upon hearing that Ned Browning (whom he, by a mysterious pre-history, knew to be Ernest King), had, after all, escaped with his life. Macgnire's orders were to assassinate the sailor be- fore Miss King arrived to claim him for her brother. And now the terror-stricken Violet had learned the true monstrosity of the character she had fondly imagined peifect. 