Lord Derby on Home 1ule, TriE INDEPJ(NDENOIC OF AUSTRALIA. Lon D])mun', spealking recently in Mlanchester at the annual geoneral meeting of tlhe Manchester and Dis tricet Liberal Unionist Association, observed that when the disruption of the Liberal party tookl place five years ago, mnost of thoso whom he was brought in contact willth wore far from being hopoful, and he did not hesitate then to admit that he thoughRt their resistance to th Homeo Rule policy was rather one which they wore bound in honour to make than one for which success could be expected. By good sense and frank dealing the alliance between the Liberal Unionists and the Oonservatives had boon main. tained, and even at the worst moment of their fortunes, oven when MIr. Parnell's acquittal on one charge was generally, though very absurdly, taken by the public as clearing him from all others, he did not believe that on tihe real and permanent question at issun any change took place in public opinion. Again the tables had beeoon turned, just as Home Rule seemed to be growing in favour, by reason of one merely personal question. So now it had lost again heavily by reason of another personal question, neither the first nor the second having any real bearing on the ultimate result to England and to Ireland. It was slightly comic that at one moment the Union should have boen thought to have beeoon in danger because an Irish gentleman had boon accused of an offeonce which he did not commit, and that at another nmoment the Union should be thought safe because that samne getlnoman had boeen too attentive to his neighbour's wife. ]-Iomeno Rule was not dead, and the success they had gained must noet blind them to the fact that thoro was plenty of fighting still in prospect, Ile did not believe that the Glad. stonians could give up Hoaeno Rule if they wished. 1-fo was sure tlhat their leader did not wishl it, atcnd oven if he could succeed in returning to office on somen other cry, it would be no triumph, but a confossion of defeat, to have sacrificed flive years for an olbjet which he hIiad to drop at last. Not a few Irislhmon miust hIave opetod their oyos when they recently found thie friends who professed so strong a desiro to omancipate them, dictating to thelm on a matter which overy group of members of Parliament was aceustomedl to settle for itself-nanely, the appointment of loeader. They could not, however, be surn that the presentt Irishl quarreol wouhl last. Hard words did not count for much among Irish politicians, and it seemed to him quite possible that the two sections of the Irish party might kiss and makle friends in a short time, and that the man who created the Irisli . pairty \1 ii freeoo to load it again in the next Parliamtent. The not rosult of the Hlome Yule controversy, he repeated for the hundrodth time, was that if they wanted to satisfy the Irish national fooling they must go a groeat deal furthlor than anybody talkoed of going yet, and must give Iroland at least the virtual indepondonce of Austranlia o Oanada. If they wore not prepared to do that, it was oruolty to hold out hopes that must be disappoint;oed, nnd to ofthr regal powers whioch would only be turnoed into weapons against us, VWe wore like people lighting in the dark until it pleased thle Homeo Rulo loaders to toll us what they meant by the words Homo Rulo, HIomo Rule was a ghost that tneded dlarkuness to makeo it alarming, Let in daylight, and it disappeared, Co. sideoring the state of Ireland, Lord Derby pointed out tha;t, in lmatolrs whlich admitted of statistical test, it was clourly proved thqt order was being rostored, and that conlidonoo was roleturnling in thalt country by the temperament and firm enforocement of tho law, 