MUSIC AND iTHE DRAMA. AT HOME AND ABROAD. Though the " Coraican-Brotbers " is perfectly familiar here, baring' been revived by Mr. Alfred Dampier at the Royal Standard Theatre as lately as Jnly, 1887, it has not been produced upon a grand scale for many year9. Thus Mr. Rignold's choice of the drama is happy, and he should be able to show it to advantage at Her Majesty's Theatre this evening. The most celebrated representations of tho drama have been those at tbe Lyceum Theatre in Septem ber, 1880, of which many who will witness tbis evening's performance must have a vivid recol lection. The cost of that famous production was estimated by the London Daily News as £5000— the tablean curtain alone with its 1000 yards of crimson silk C03t £740— and tbe same paper stated that n fewer than 90 carpenters, 30 gasmen, and 15 property men were employed nightly in connection with the scenic effects. The result of such staging in conjunction with Mr. Irving's fine acting was a run of 190 nights, and during a portion of the season tbe piece was played eight times a week. The fact was thea recorded as a new departure in English stage custom, and has ince been very seldom adopted by Al!r. Irving, the two matinees weekly in addition to the nightly performances haviog been found to overtax his strength. Tbe original melodrama was founded by AIM. E. Grange and X. de ALontepin upon a romance of Dumas', "Les Fibres Corses," tbe title of which it bore, aud was produced at the TbeiLtre Historique, Paris, on August 10, 1850. Dumas himself had travelled in Corsica, and in bis "Impressions de Voyage" relates the whole story as one iu which he himself took part, CTen witnessing tbe famous duel, which be slates to have been really fought with pistols at Viuceunes, instead of with swords at Fontainbleau, as in the romance. Fcchter played in tbe original Paris version of the fable, which was in the form of a long and heavy melodrama, and when he took to the English stage he produced a shorter versiou of his own. at tbe Princess's Theatre. It may be seen by the acting editions, however, that Boucicault's adaptation had made London playgoers acquainted withjtbe romantic story before this date, Charles Kcan having played it at the Princess's Theatre as far back us February 24, 1852. Betwen Kcau and Fechter's productions there is yet another of importance to be recorded before tbe stage- history of "The Corsicaa Brothers" is com plete. That popular Australian favorite, G. Y. Brooke, produced a literal translation of the original, iu six or seven acts, at Drury-lane in 1855, which was described by the late Duttou Cooke as " very long, elaborate and cumbrous." No such drawback will attach to this evening's revival, and in addition to the interest which accompanies Air. Rignold's appearance in new characters, it i9 hinted that refreshing surprises ure iu store for tbe jaded playgoer iu the management of some particularly thrilling ghost scenes. Sir Charles and Lady Halld are bringing with them for their Australian tour this season a splendid Austrian (not Australian as was cabled) soprano. MisB Fillunger, tbe new singer, is one of tbe best-known pupils of the famous Madame Marchesi, who has taught so many celebrated artist in her day, and who " coached the Australian prima donna, Aladame Melbu,J for the six. months' study to which her vocal education iu Europe was limited. The management of the Halle tour will be in the hand of Mr.. R. S. Smythe and of his son Mr. Carlyle ' -Smythe, who intend making the company the strongest concert combination that has toured the colonies. This will be the third scries of great English stars that the well- known entrepreneurs have managed in the colonies, tbe two former being Charles Santley aod W. T. Best. In the preseui instance sound judgment has beeu shown iu bringing out a new vocalist, as the former novelty of the Hall£-Neiuda concert is not now an item in ibe managerial calculation. Referring to the failure of Sir Charles Halle'3 recent orchestral concerts, the Saturday Review makes comment which those who have been so loud in reviling amateurs here for failing to support the Huzoa coucerts would do weluto note. After describing the mad rush to bid adieu to the Hallos last spring ou their departure to Australia, aud to the expectation of a similar crowd t hear "the most perfect orchestral playing which ha been presented to a Loudon audieuce during the present genera tion," the Review coutinues " Yet, so far from this being the case, Sir Charles Hall£ gave . three concerts to an almost empty room, and when, last Friday week, his udmirable Man chester band was heard for the last time, the large audieuce which assembled was obviously attracted only by the announcement that Royalty would be. present. The spectacle of rows of people standing on the seats iu order to catch sight of the Prince and Princess of Wales was one which needs 110 comment. It should be remembered in future discussions us to whether Londoners are musical people." This state ot affairs in London does not diminish our regret at the poor attendance at our own orchestral coucerts, but i'c'Moes effectually dis pose of tbe typical Australian grumbler who argued therefrom that Sydney was, musicHij speaking, in a barbarous state, and that "they order this thing better in " — Loudon i Playgoers will be glad to hear that there is some probability, though at present a remote one, of the return of Mr. J. H. Clyndes to Australia. Air. Clyndes, writing from Mildmay Park, London, forwards press cuttings entirely confirmatory of his statement—" I am pleased to tell you that I have done splendidly siuce my return trom Australia. I had a tremendous three weeks at the Standard Theatre, with 'Proof and 'It's Never Too Late to Mend.' My reappearance iu uiy old part as Tom Robin son proved quite an event here, and hundreds were turned away from the vast theatre nightly (see cuttings). In fact, I should be perfectly happy here, only I fear your climato has spoiled me. It baa been terribly cold and foggy ! 1 Oh, dear!" Mr. Clyndes emphasises the lust seu- tcnce with us many ecratcbes of his pen as he could find time for, and clones by begging us to remember him to bis many friends in Sydney per "Alusic and The Drama, At Home and Abroad." This we gladly do, tor Air. Clyndes' powerful acting in "The Pointsman" and other dramas is still remembered here. Mr. Harry Kellett Chambers, who was for some time on the staff of this journal, has joined his brother, Air. Haddon Chambers, in London, aud is writing short stories and articles for the society magazines and papers. Air. Chambers has on hand a farcical comedy in three acts, which is now ne&riug; completion, and in the production of which bis many friends in Sydney press circles will wish the young author every success. Referring to " The Idler," under date Atarch 9, Mr. Chambers re marks:— "By this tune I suppose you know that Haddon' plav is an enormous success at the St, James Theatre. It is magnificently acted, and the business tbey are doing is simply unprecedented. A dozen Royal Nobodies have already #eeu it and condescended to think it good, as well as numberless artistic lights whose opinion was worth kaviug, whilst the list of duchesses with whom we swilled cham pagne on the stage after the first-night per formance would make the democratic hair of the average Sydneyito stand on end I" In Loudon dramatic circles the opinion prevails that "The Idler" will run at least to the close of the London season, aud possibly until tho end of the year. Mr, James Edward Sykes, a musician of good staudiug in the north of England, arrived here by the .s. Britannia during the week. Mr. Sykes baa held for some time the position of borough organist at the Liuddecslield Town- hall, where he has given regular recitals during his tenure of office. ( The instrument ia by Willis and is of considerable size, boasting four manuals aod 65 stops. Upon leaving Huadera- field Mr. Sykes was presented (on March! last) with a handsomely illuminated addtesa, signed by the Mayor aud town clerk and by tbe presidents of tbe local glee and madrigal society nod choral society. To tbe latter, a chorus of 400 voices which is amongst tho most celebrated in England, Mr. Sykes was organist. He came out here in the hope of aecurimr the post of city organist in Sydney, and though too late to succeed in thi direction there can be little doubt but that be will fiud fitting outlet for his undoubted abilities iu some other posi tion iu thi3 part of tbe world. Alfred Austiu, poet aud damatist, author of "Sayaaaroia," and many billiant essays, will shortly produce at the St. James' Theatre, at au afternoon performance, an original three- act modern comedy called ''The Tenant of Avoncourt." The character of Egeria will be played by none other than Aliss Ellen Terry, iu fulfilment of au old promise to the author. The great success of last year's Parisian season was a play without a spoken word called " L'Enfant Prodigue," This example of pure pantomime is to bu produced iu Loudon shortly with the original French cast. Referring to Miss Jenny Hill, the English pantomime aud variety artist, whose tones are decidedly "Cockney," the Whitehall Review wonders whether the New York interviewer "spoke sarcastic" when he described the "Vital Spark's" accent as "uumistakeably English !" Bignora Majeroni has been fortunato on the inauguration of her classes for studying Italian. The popular tragedienne has secured the friendly patronage 01 Lady Jersey, and amongst her first pnpils ii Lady Margaret Villiers. 