jHeard iri, His Own De. " .ence., " Have I your honor's permisseeion to'make: "Your honorl" oried-.,Lawyer Lang, springing to his feet-" your honor, before you paos on thia. request, I i shobuld'likitb make a statement myself." d"What is it, Mr. Lang f"' "asked the judge. "It's just this," said Mr. Lang, with some. thing more than his usual acerbity; "you remember, of course, that when this man, Cephas Love, was first brought to trial he was without counsel; that he refused to secure any, and that you therefore peremptorily appointed me as such. The appointment was useless, for the defendant has absolutely andunconditionally refused to say a word to me concerning hise case. I wish it to be die. tinatly underestood, however, that this silence of the defendant's has been maintained in the face of my most diligent efforts to break down his reserve,for while I first accepted your honor'einjunction perfunctorily,I ended by becoming deeply interested in what es certainly a unique case-so far as my prao tice goes. What 1 wish to state with partien. lar stress is, that I am absolutely and en tirely ignorant of the nature of the state. ment which Mr. Love has asked permission to make. In fact, sir, all I can officially claim to know of this man is, that on the fourteenth of this monthol August, 1890, he was found in the very act of throttling another man to death, at No. 863 Pine Street, in this City and County of San Francisco ; that he was arrested in je1grau/e dslict? by Officer Thomson ; and that he has been con fined in the city prisonever since. He is no more a client of mine than is your honor, and it would be a gross misuse of terms to style him a' defendant.'" As Mr. Lang sat down, the man referred to as Cephas Love shook .hands with him cordially, and repeated hisn request for a hearing.: . "Iris a rather unu sual proceeding-at this stage of the trial," said the judge, "for a person in your position to make a statement, but the whole proceedings in this case have been unusual. MIoreover, I have not the right to deny you. Do yon wiah your seate. ment to appear as evidence 1" "Yes, eir." "Take your place in the witniess.tand, then, and be sworn." He repeated the clerk's mumble-jumble of words with slow emphasis, and laid an in tonation upon the concluding words, "So help me God;" that gave them a reverential effect not often heard in that court-room. The sketch which the artist of a morning paper was at this moment making, showed a tiny, neatman, sitting primly with crossed legs and smoothing out the folds of a red silk handkerchief spread over his knees. His hands, face, and scalp were of a false ruddi ness that was caused by a network of small veins in the skin, and that was made all the more vivid by the contrast of a fringe of flaxen-white hair and two patches of close trimmed whiskers that lay on each cheekr like small powder-puffs. His eyes were light- blue and moist; his lips thin and straight; and the rest of his features ordinary and inex pressive. He was dressed in a suit of dark grey clothes, and looked something between an upper servant and small lawyer. There had been even more than the usual in terest felt in the case, the court-room was crowded, and when the prisoner began there was a strained attention to hear what he had to say, made all the more necessary because of the rather low and rather quick voice in which he spoke. " My name is correctly given on the deon ments in the case, I believe," he began; "besides which, it has been on the city directory for the past thirty.two years; It is Cephas Clavering Love, although the middle name is very seldom used. I am sixty-three years of age, and was born at Memphis, Tenn., on the thirteenth of April, 1827\. I came to San Francisco thirty-three vears come next Chridtmas Jve-.and_ for twensy-one years iner eeter w ?no clcrh for the law-firm of Kittridgo and Shaw, as I believe your honor well knows. For the past twelve years I have been engaged in the law-stationery department of Messrs. Rocker and Coe. These gentlemen, together with many others, I understand I have a right to summon as witnesses to testify as to my good character, but I shaball pu none of them to this inconvenience-" "Proceed, Mr. Lve," said the judge, for witness had stopped and was nervously rubbing the palms of his small, withered hands with his handkerchief. " Thank you, your honor," said the old man, "I'm not used to making long speeches All I need eay in any preliminary way about myself is, that I am a widower, with one married daughter living at NorIolk, Virginia; that I am a member of Dr. Wall's church; that I live temperately, drinking but little and smoking less; and that I am a quiet, law-respecting, God-fearing old man. Yet I sit here to-day in teis court a murderer." "Your honor," exclaimed Mr. Lang, once more springing to his feet, "I must insist that the witnessbe instructed. Your honor knows that a plea of not guilty was entered in the court of examination, and a similar plea has been entered in this court of araignment. This man is on trial; he has not been convicted, and I call upon yeaur honor to instruct the witness th.t he must not use subh terms of selt.accusation, as well as to inform the jury that they pay no attention to the wild words of the witness." " The witness is thoroughly conversant with legal practices, I believe, Mr. Lang," saidthe judge," and fully appreciates the gravity of his position and the necessity for carefully weighing what he has to say. Nevertheless if-" 'Exnuse me, your honor," said the old man Love, gently stretching out a somewhat dhaky hand toward the judge: ' "you need not cautionme, your honor. I am, as yenou 'ay, thoroughly aware ot the gravity of my words-and position. What I asy is simply the truth, and the truth can injure no one. I am a murderer, and I purpose telling the story of my crime without attempting any palliation." There was a stir in the court-room, and a veiled woman-the mother of the victim, it was said-leaned forward in her chair and sohbbed. -' Your honor," cried Mr. Lung, again on those ready feet of his; "there is an attempt at sensationalism here," with a vibrating forefinger pointed on the direction of the sobbing woman, and he asked that it be stopped." " Well, now," said theprosecuting attorney with hot sarcasm; "we must say we'like that. During the whole of these proceedings ,e haven't said a blessed word. We've al. lowed youto put your man on the witness stand with all the stage-reffet you wanted and without a boo; and now, because this veoor, bereaved woman-this heart-stricken mother-gives way to her natural grief when the horrible crime which robbed her of her darling is brought to her mind,you you, sir, who should be the last man to make a sound, go to babbling about sensa tionalism. Why, sir-" "T 5Iat will do, gentlemen," said the judge, quietly but firmly,;for Mr. Lang was actually bounding about in his anxiety to make his retort. " Go on, sir," he added, turning to the defendant, who during the discusion had buasiedhimself folding his red handkerchief into a neat, square package. "Since working for Messrs. Rocker and Coe," Cephas Love continued, ' I have been in the habit of walking to the store along Pine Street each morninog from my boarding house, at the corner of Lorkin and James Streets, On the sixteenth of June last, or it might have been the seventeenth, I noticed that No. 803, after having been vacant for many moLele, wasabout to be tenanted. The next mornilg, and it was a Friday, I re member, my attention was agerin attracted to No. 803, and this time by a very pecu:mor incident. The two windows on the cround floor, where thoparlor was evideistly situated, I rwere draped with heavy ourtains of some maroon-colored stuiff, alter a fashion which I eod to bein vogu'e fordining-rooms whecn I Swas abhoy. As I was pasesing the house. the Scurtain nearer me was drawn aside and a laoe peered out-sueh a atee asI frighten, a child in what are called its vtry 'bad dreams.'" ' esribe it Mr.Love,s idtbe t torney can no," esid the witneee, putting out -both hands in a geatur5e o,! epuleton-that wasretrdnllyi energetic in a mut seemingly eo,placid and undemonstrative; "it was more of a mask than a face. Not one of the those grotesque masks, you onderetand, hut one of otter vaouity-a blank, an emptiness, a soulless nothing. The eyes were big, wide open, with the white showing all around the popil between the fixed lids. The cheeks pale and flabby, the nose a line, and the mouth half open, with the lower lip dropping." Here a strange thing happened, for while the prisoner deecribed the face, his own took on that of the creature he was delin eating, until in the place of the little old gentlemen of semi-elerical aspect there ap. peared the doddling head of a mowing idiot. The red handkerchief had been snatched up from where it lay smoothly folded over on his knee, and was now grasped in both hands like a ball. "I could only see his face," said Love, dropping back, so to speak, to himself, " be. cause he brought the eurtains close up about his neck, like a garment-like a dressing. gown. Alter Ihad moved on a few paces, I turned around, for eo strange was the im pression produced on me that I can liken it to little less than fascination.The face had not moved, but the greet staring eyes were otill fixed on me as the eyes of a portrait done in oil-painting always seem to be, no matter where the observer may move. More than once during the day I found myself thinking of this vacant, fatuous face, and then toward the afternoon I managed to dismiss it with the resolution that it undoubtedly belonged to some poor, unfortunate being, whose friends preferred to take private charge of him rather than send him to an aaylum,and that his presence at the window was due to the temporary absence of those whose duty it was to look after him. But with all this common-sense view of the matter, I found myself stupidly excited and nervous as I draw near the house next morning. Well, air-I mean, your honor-the fellow must have been watching for me, for as I came opposite the windows again, a thin, white handparted the curtains and the vacant face was turned once more upon me. This time, 1 thought that the eyes, though fixed and Ntde open, had the.light of a nasty smile in them and that the drooping lower lip was shot out in a grimace of contempt. I had a stout walk ing-cane in my hand," said the witness, jumping up, "and I threatened the fellow with it in this way." Here he shook out the red-silk handkerchief and waved it rapidly toward the jury-box as though it were a danger signal. One of the jurymen drew back, with a nervous start, and the judge looked curiously at the defendant-wit ness. "Control yourself, Mr. Love," said he, "and tell your story as calmly- as possible." " I will,your honor,"he replied,with meek. ness and an instant change of demeanor, although it was noticed that great beads of perspiration had broken out on his forehead, and that, now and then, these merged them. selves onein the other and then ran trickling down his face like an overcharged rain-drop on a widow-pane. "For two or three days I ebanged my way to the omlice," he continued, " and took another street, so at to escape the eight of this oppressive face. It was a useless pre. caution, however, for what had been a day. horror now became a night.mare. For the first time in my life, I became the victim of insomnia. The horrible blank features covered the walls like a patterned paper; they were as visible in the darkoess as in the light; they kept my eyes open and stared into them; and they covered me like waves roll. ing over my bed. The void, meaningless face was with me in a hundred fantastic and distressing shapes, and I felt that I could have strangled she beast of a possessor had he come within my grasp.' The little man's voice rose into a screech, the dull blue eyes flashed like a moving mirror, and his chest heaved, biles 'he e.t..a ,~.. .a-.u~ nsanaperohief into a scarlet rope. " On the morning of the third sleepless night," he went no, sinking his voice into a a hoarse whisper, while the crowd in the court.room leaned forward as one man to hear what was being said-" on the third morning, I got up and determined to put an end to it all.. I took out a razor, threw back my collar, in this way, and was going to out my throat, when the idea entered my head that I would first go and squeeze the life out of my tormenting devil, and then come back and make away with myself. Dressing hurriedly,I ran down stairs and into the street. I was in front of No. 863, like a flash of double-greased lightning. Quick as I was the montrous villain was just as quick. Back went the curtains, as though jerked by red Zamiel himself, and out shot the face--a scarecrow that would frighten the very blue. birds of heaven. No doubt about it, the ghost-like thing was mocking me now mocking my misery, mocking poor old me, who had been cursed by iteor forty million years. i don't know what I said. Call them black, bad words. All the blood rushed to my hisd, until my ears rang like the seven bells of Kingdom come. With a one, two, three, I was in the house ; and with a four, five, six, I was squeezing his wind-pipe-like this." "Look out, judge l" yelled Mr. Lang, while a cry of horror rose from the people. The judge had been gently swinging him sels around in a quarter- circle on nia chair, looking keenly now at the curious witness, and now inquiringly at the prosecuting at. sarney. As he swung round the last time, the prisoner leaped out from his place, as though moved by a steel spring, and flung himself upon the judge like a oat. The shook threw the judge out of the chair, and both went down together. There were enarle and screams from behind the desk, and when the bailiff reeached him had wound the handkerchief around the judge's neck and was tugging at it like a demon. A dozen other rescuers were on hand the next minute, but it took nearly the whole of their mis directed strength to tear away the shrieking, frothing maniac and casry him down. stairs to the safer accommodation of the " tanks," " Tea late Archbishop Tait was onue stay" ing at a amall village in Perthehire. He gave instructions for his letters to be sent to the lcealpostcfIice tobesalledfor. On the first day of his arrival the Arahbishop went down to the general bhop which also did duty for for the post-oflice, and asked: "Are there any letters for the Archbishop of COanterbury ?" : To this the storekeeper, without actually replying to the question, said: S"Maybe you'll be that purrsen yarel'?"' "W\ell,' paid the Aruhbzehop," as a matter of fact, I am." " Weel," coutiaced the good man," I have a son, and ho is in a shop in Loadon, and he told me that he since gaed to St. Paul's Cathedral to hear ye preach, and he .was verra weel satiefied wi' ye." Tes correlation that .or a 0ong time was eupposedto exist between the number of " aunular "ringe formed in the trunk and the See of the tree has been relfuted on- the best of evidence. M. Oharenny, the French explorer who visited tih' ruins of Palenque, MIexico, in 1850, and again in 1882, and therefore at an interval of 22 years, found that the trees that had been cut by him in the fiGrst.named year had, in theshort space of less tLa an quarter of a century grown new trunks which exhibited no less than 2830 fat these so-called '" annular rings "-an average of nearly 10 a yor. From observations m.de by M Bouasenard,it would appear that plants often form no lees than twevlve con centric growths in the space of a year, two of which are usually mnubh more developed than theremainler, which appear to corres pond to a period oU maximum' oirculatory activity. Diimdent Youth: "Why, you esurely must know that I hanVec a moustache. Cen't you eve it?" Shy Maiden: "You must remember that I am very near sighted." 