HBABING MASS ON SUNDAY. BY IBO BBED. ' ' .The Boman OatholicB are diligent chnrcb 'gb'ere. The old and the yonng, the'rioh and the poor, all alike go to chnrcb. On Snndaya irod feast-dayn they come from far and near, earlv and late. The weather is never con sidered. Men who have apparently forgotten 'every other commandment hcrnpnlonBly ob- 'serve the commandment of the Ohnrohto hear (joaaBB bn Snnday. < In the performance of thie doty there ie nothing to be fonnd of a pleasing or enter taining nature. The profneion of gandy prnanqentB, the wax candles, highly colored piotnreB and wretched images in theihBeiveB wbold soon pall upon even the most depraved taste. The ceremonies become in the last degree tiresome. The prayers of the mass are all in Latin, and on Snnday are song by the, priest and the choir, consuming it from one to one and a quarter hours. , The Oatholio has his prayer book with those prayers both in Latin and in his own tongue on the same page before him. He does not sing, and to read the prayers requires, perhaps, ten minutes. I can only tell what 't' used to do when a boy in order to kill time at high mass on Sun diays. . Starting at the beginning of the prayers I would rattle through to the end in double quick order. Then I started with the last, word and read each word backwards, and the' reader can imagine the qneer results which were occasionally obtained. My atten. tion.was not confined to my own language, the'Latin version was maltreated in the same fashion. Obrist told the Samaritan women that His disciples should worship God in spirit and in truth. I was counted a " good Oatholio," but I am sure I did not worship God in spirit or in truth or with nndersnd- ing. The sermon is not an essential . part of Catholic worship. It is often abridged or entirely omitted to make loona for some cere mony, but little out of the ordinary routine. If the priest has not the time or lacks the ability to prepare a sermon nobody expects him to worry himself. He has his volumes containing sermons for every Sunday and festival of the year." He can commit one of these sermons to memory, fire it oft at the people, and his duty is complete. If so inclined he may insert from the vast repository of the Church a striking miracle or a ghost story. Of course his performance is fright fully stupid. The Catholics often listen to a mere de clamation, and at the end of it get a terrific scolding for not contributing enough money to the needs of the Church. I have more than once been present when a priest lost his temper in the pulpit and berated his congre gation as if it was composed of so many pick pockets. The Church makes it a mortal sin for the Catholic to neglect mass on the Sabbath. That is to say, if in all his life be has been guilty of not a single offence against God, except to wilfully neglect a mass, he is lost for ever unless he has been properly absolved by the priest. Then, again, church going is a good work, and so, being placed to the credit of the poor Oatholio in the other world, is an offset to the evil charged against him. Monotonous as attendauce on Catholic services may be, it is vastly easier than to check the evil passions of the heart and to practice the Christian virtues demanded hy the Bible. No matter what the character Oii the Oatholio may he in other respects, so long as he attends church and goes to confeFsion at least once a year, he remains a member " in good and regular standing. But behind all this there is another reason for the eagerness which crowds Catholic places of worship. Man has been called a religions animal. But his religious disposition is of a low order. His natural impulse is to worship visible objects usually supposed to represent in some manner the being he regards as a deity. The Creator demands spiritual worship, and any attempt to worship Him by any image is as strongly forbidden in the second command ment as is the worship of false gods in the first commandment. Yet the Israelites seized the first opportunity to make for themselves a golden calf. They did not mean to worship this calf for any supposed intrinsic merit. Under its form they meant to adore the Jehovah who had brought them out of Egypt. With the sagacity characteristic of the Catho lic Church she has taken advantage of this weakness in human nature and in consecrated host presents to her devotees a god whom they can see and feel and taste. In honoring this visible god a natural desire is gratified. This also applies to pictures, etc. 