ECHOES FROM PALL MALL. LONDON, 13th Febrcart. \- (Bt Ocr Correspondent. J It has long been a habit with our golden youth to mako memoranda of their debts and bets upon their shirt-cuffs. Tliey perform the operation called "shooting their linen," and then inscribe upon tlie stifl and shining surface their pecuniary liabilities. There ih' a certain satire in the practice, since when 'their shirt goes to the wash these little items, which 'they seldom remember to traiifer elsewhere, are obliterated. Like tho poet's name, their obliga tions are "writ In water" — and soapsuds. Hitherto, however, the shirt cuff has been used as a vehicle only for this transitory literature. Thero is no record, except indeed in Monte Chriito where tlio Abbi) writes nn important historical work upon tlie tail of bis shirt, of modern linen being applied to the same purposes as papyrus for epics or tragedies, though as the bard has but one shirt, and washes it himself, there would not be the same objection to the plan as regarda oblivion. It appears, however, from a recent law report, that cuffs, and even collars, are used by coine persons as tablets upon which to record their opinion of their washer woman. These nie certainly a most trying race; always unpunctual and careless of that button at the neck, on which civilised existence— for what is man without it?— may almost be said to depend. Still, " You filthy woman, do you call this washed ? I don't," are words that no gentleman should write upon his aollar, for the perusal of his laundress. She has brought the offender up for libel, but the magistrate has decided that to writo things inside your collar ia not "publication." If you write them on your cuff, and shoot your liueii, perhaps it might be ; a nico legal point, however, which his worship very wisely shrank from discussing. Sotting asido its want of chivalry, the idea of thus letting your washer woman know whatyou thinkof her washingstrikea moan ingenious; it isnot punishable, itsooms, liko hbnest indignation upon a post card, and you save your penny. Ono rather wondors that tho lady moved in tho mattor ; it would liavo lieeu wiser to liavo washed out the collar, and itu injurious inscription with it, since ono can hardly imagine there was not some provocation for it. Hor position was no doubt a painful one, and reminds us of tho gentlemnn who, surreptitiously looking over his friend as he wrota his lovo letter, road these unexpected words: "I would write more, darling, but there is a blackguard squinting over my shoulder and reading every word." Olio may feel a natural indignation at an insult, and yet, liudcr certain ciroumstances, think it wiser to ignore it. Thero are many worse trades going just now even from a financial point of view than that of tho philanthropist ; but his life, unless ho has a very hardened cuticle, is not a happy one. . The ampler his euccoss tho moro his motives nre sus pected, and the longer his subscription list tho greater is the publio curiosity to peruse his balance sheet. The most unpleasant fate that can befal him is to have his bcnovolent pro posals Hung in his face by tho . very class that it is his object to befriend, wbioh has hap pened to Mr. George Smith, of Colvillo. Nobody doubts that gentleman's good intentions towards our nomad population, and yet in all England there is probably no man so unpopular to thoso who dwell in tents nnd vans. As to his Movnblo Dwellings Bill, it may be good or bad, though the clause that permits a policeman to visit a van at all hours seems a high iianded proceeding indeed, but the indigna tion meeting of travelling showmen it has called forth is noteworthy and interesting in a high 'degree. It throws a light upon a community concerning' wliiob, savo for what Charles Dickens has told us, wo know nothing, nnd corroborates vory strongly the view that student of human "nature has taken of it. As one reads the man Allen's speeoh one is curiously reminded — savo for its paBsion— of the immortal Dr. Marigold, "Both my father and grandfather wore travel lers; I was born in a van, and I hope to God I shall die in a van." Circulars, he said, had beon sent out to nil tho heads of police ns to the conduct of the " show men," nnd out of 180 answers only two gave them an indifferent character and one bad. Then a menagerie man, ornamented with " tiger's teeth," mado a characteristic oration, evinoitig somo disposition to give Mr.' Smith (who had the pliiek to be present) " to the -lioni ;" and "-Lord"- George Sanger unade the significant statement that no showman 'slaugh ter hnd ever- had au illegitimate child. The evidence brought forward in respect to morality was indeed most remarkable, and would seem to proye that tho living on wheels is a moral tonic, in which case, tho substitution of caravans for common lodging homes Bhould only be a ques tion of time. The simplicity and earnestness of .tho speakers wore certainly most remarkable, and called to mind tlio typo the groat novelist -.has drawn of thom in a most surprising manner. AVhether tlie , inmates of the canal boats, or of those old and (too often) tried frionds of Fictipn, tho gipsies, will havo as good a dofonco to offer is another mattor, but it is certain the showmen havo scored. For my part I have always thought a caravan, indepen dently of the groat advantago of its immunity from rates and taxes, a most oharming place of residence. Tho opportunities it affords of visit ing one's friends — and also of getting away from them— is so unequalled. The chauge of scene, so much recommended by the faculty, is so con tinually attainable, while the freedom it affords from all unpleasant correspondence can be ensured by no other means. Not even the " blind" mon at tlio post oifico can find your address iu a travelling caravan. To tho novolist it affords pcouliar attractions, sinco for " local color" ho has only to put his liorso into the shafts to bo transported whither lie will, though suoh ia tho marvellous " oussoduess" of human nature that the only one I ever know who lived in a house ou wheels laid all his scenes in Mexico. Ono concludas that the 1100 persons who left their portraonnaics in publio: vehicles in Lou don during tlio lost 12 months were ladies. It is only tbo female sex who are soeu clutching thoir purses in their liands, as though thoy wore about to throw ground bait for piokpockets. A man takes out of his waistcoat the coin ho requires, aud never puts his whole property thus in jeopardy. As for laying his purse, even for ono instant, upon the scat of a cab or an omnibus, ho would as soon think (and much sooner) of putting his baby tliore. How any one - can risk such a proceeding seems inexplicable, yet 1100 ladies havo douo so, besides those few who rcmembored tho circumstance in time. Another way (as Mrs. Glnsse , soys) of cooking one's goose after this fashion is to place one's purso in ono end of one's muff, and forgot that it has a hole at tlio otlior end. I am informed by matrons of discretion that this heavy pecuniary loss per annum is practically unprc- vontible, because Indies have no pockets that can bo got nt in a public conveyance without — well, without attracting attention. Pockets spoil tho fit of a gown. When not in motion, one hand, it is truo, ia not required to hold up the dress, but as, besides the muff there is tho parasol to bo carried and generally a little parcel or two, it really seems not to bo wondered at that the purse should be placed on the seat beside one and eventually left there. The amount of " pin money " that goes this way must be prodigious. It is ouriouB that the larger and, as one would have thought, the better provided, animals have suffered tiia most from tho late inclement wcatlior. Iu the Paris Zoological Cardons tba rhinoceros was the first to succumb ; ho wrapped his ample but ill fitting garment about him, liko Juliu9 Ciesar, and at onco gave up the ghost. Thou tlio olophant had a very hard timo of it. It is supposed that he caught what is called "a nosey cold," and tiiat made it, of course, in his case a long business. It is not surprising that the giraffe was a victim to sore throat, which also turnod out naturally to bo a very protracted affair; hut the wild boar, in whom ono would never liavo suspected' delicacy, was a still greater sufferer. From his grunts and groans it is conjectured tbnt ho bail a very aggravated form of toothache— tuskache. It was sad, ;ve nro told, to behold the selfishness and indifferonoo to tlicso calamitios of his friends on the part of tho Polar bear, who trotted obout through the snow iu tiie plcnitndo of liis strength and vigor iu the seventh heaven of enjoyment, hat the circumstance has not been' without a parallel among ourselves. Liko Kiug9iey (who was killed by it), tliore nro people who liko an cast wind, and go about in the bitterest frost9, stamping' their feet, a3 they would have us believo; witli enjoyment, nnd protesting that tho weather is "seasonable." Somo audacious persons, who, liko Diderot,' think tliey could havo given a "wrinkle or two" if they had been consulted on tho schemo of Crea tion, have oynically inquired, " What is tho use of mosquitoes?" The answer has at last been given. " Persons newly arrived in Cubaarenow inoculated against yellow fovor by means, of mosquitoes, which have been contaminated by stinging a yellow fevered patient." This surely beats Koch (and cock-fighting) and takos, for the present, the scientific cake. ' A paralysed hoy at Ooa has recovered the' use of his limbs by being frightened into fits by the spectacle of the sainted remains of Francis Xavicr., The circumstance reminds ono of tho young American doctor who honestly confessed that he did not know what was tho mattor with the sick child, but recommended certain pills— " Give'him those, and ho will have fits ; then' send for me, I'm death on fits." It does not seem quite certain that the fits of the Goa bey are not worse than tho original ailmont.. But tho " complcto change " has, on the whole, been pronounced beneficial, and claimed by tho priests as a miracle. The faculty, on the contrary, nssert that a shock to the system is often very advantageous, and instance as a humble example of it that a sudden fright will stop the hiccups. Thoro seems to be quite a vista of scientific experiment open in this direction. A 'person like tlie present writer, " easily shocked," ought to bo cured of anything at a much smaller outlay than tho "exhibition," as "tlie savans term it, of a saint's body 1000 years old. "Nothing' is more common," writes a physician, " than that after a general shako up the previously disjointed fnculties tumble into their right places again." I knew nothing equal to this except in tho nursery ballad which tolls us of a gentlemnn who having scratched both his eyes out in a brnmblo bush, "takes a hair of tho dog that bit him " by tumbling into another, uuu " scratching them in again." J .The blind,' of course, cuunot soo a joko, nnd it seems that other peoplo liavo not oharity enough to point out to them this branch of their mis fortune. Tho poor -fellow with' an accordion, who perambulates the streets of Windsor, thus indicates by a placard that ho lias received help from royalty. "Blind from inflammation, as sisted by her Majesty the Queen." This beats tlio beggar on tlie Nortli Bridge nt Edinburgh, who 'iipponled- to public sympathy with tho words, "Blind from my birth, I have seen bettor days." ' Is it "conspiracy " for a boarder to persuade the cook of tho establishment to placo a phono graph in the kitchen to take down' such words of her mistress as these : — "You art giving too large prices for steak," Mary. If they don't liko 'it let them eat 'more vegetables. Yesterday you bought fresh pie. How often havo I told you to save 5 cents by buying it stnle, and warming it up?" It must havo been very disngreeablo to have these sentiments ground out in the presence of nil lier clients, instead of tho melody she expected from tho "new musio machine;" but was it a conspiracy? That is -what an American court of justico hnB to docide.-' It is difficult to believo that phono graphs are so common ' in tbo United States when they are so rare in England; but how thoy would "shake tho' pillars of domestic pence " if they wero common. Litcra, scripta manct is a statement well understood; but if evsry idle word man or woman should speak is to run the risk of beiugmado permanent, domestio life will bo intolerable. Think of "a curtain lecture " being " voicod " by this torriblo instru ment, or the censures of their mistress delivered in tho servants' hnlL A groat crusade is at present being preached against gambling, nnd tlie " revelations " which may be looked for at a certain appronohing trial will, no doubt, bo considered quite unique; whereas, as a matter of fact, piny at private houses is much less common than it used to be, and tho stakes much smaller. The passion for play, too, was much moro violent in its victims. Hannah More tells us that invitations having 1 been issued by Count AdHemnr, a foreign . ambassador, for a Sunday "faro," they were not recalled,' notwith standing his Excellency had a stroke of palsy. Tho company wore very numerous,' and his bed chamber happening to be adjoining the drawing- room, tho faro bank was held close to bis bed head. Somebody said, "I hope we don't make too much noise tor our host." "Oh, no," re plied another, " it will do him good ; the worst thing he can do is to sleep." A third observed, admiringly, " I had no idea Adhemar had such spirit; palsy and faro together is 'keeping it up ' indeed." It is noteworthy that these gentry wero 'of the highest fashion and well born, if not quite so well bred. It is said that Shefford, in Berksliiro, is one of the places fixed upon by " General " Booth for his experiment in conncotion with Darkest England. It must be a secluded spot, if it has still the charaoter ascribed to it iu Southey's Common Pinco Book. " Shefford nnd Bright- walton in Berks, are so much out of tbo way," says a writer in 1785, " and so hidden by woods, that tliey were never visited by anyone, Royalist or' Republican, during the whole course of the. civil war." This is a picture of retirement, indoed, and the moro extraordinary since tho linmlets in question must be within 50 miles or so of the metropolis. 