REDFERN. THE FREETRADE BUNCH— ANOTHER ROWDY MEETING. Tho Rcdfcrn frcetrade bunch (Afossrs. Stephen, Anderson, Beveridge and Aianucll) last night indulged in their final oratorical diibrts prior to the big struggle to-day. Tho first meeting was held from the balcony of the Empress of India Hotel, Botany- street, in front of which a small but orderly crowd congregated. Tho chair was occupied by Alderman T. Lament, and the candidates received a good hearing, touching briefly on tho various importaut questions of the clay. A vole of confidence wan passed, on the motion of Air. R. Medcalfe, seconded by Air. u . oiiiiin. The second meeting wushold from the bal cony of the Zetland Hotel, Bourkeand Eliza- belhslrcets, Alderman H.Ramsay presiding. Here things waxed rather boisterous during the speech of Air. Stephen, owing to that gentleman apostrophising ftir Henry Parkes as the greatest friend the working classes of this country over had. This evidently did not fit in exactly with tho ideas of one gentleman, who queried, in stentorian tones, " What about the gatling guns which were sent to Newcastle to shoot the workers down, and which action vou advocated':" Air. Stephen was not to be mentally upset by this remark, and replied that it was the duty of any Government to maintain peace and order ami protect the lives and liberties of the people. This settled tho querist so far as this point was concerned, but the candidate was then ac cused of opposing the Electoral Bill and of committing sundry other political sins, and when he denied the charges, was told that lie was a follower of Ananias. "Parkes," said the speaker, "is the man to rally round," which called forth an interjection to the effect that Air. fttophen wasn't game lo vote against k Old Harry." The can didate, amid laughter, reminded tho interrupter that ho hud voted against " GUI Harry, when ho wanted to let our tramways to a syndicate," thus dis pelling the idea that a certain other "'Old j Harry " was the individual referred to. "And I shall vote against him again if he docs anything delriinoiua! to the people. I am 'not tied to ' Old Harry's coat- tails." j (Laughter). Tho other candidates look the I hint, and said nothing about the abilities of | "Old Harry," thus being allowed an unin- I terrupted bearing. A vote of confidence i was accorded tho candidates, on the ! motion of Mr. J. L. Divers, seconded by Mr. ! W. Wiggins. I The last meeting took place from tliebal- I cony of the Prince of Wales Hotel, Raglan and i Cooper- streets. A big crowd assembled, and it was evident that something lively was in store. Air. A. ftkinner presided, and his introductory remarks being assailed with several boo-hocs, the most prominent dis turber speedily collapsed under lice a whole bag of tiour which was thrown ii/his face, and Hying iu all directions enveloped him iu the raiment said to belong to ghosts. This sort of amusement way kept up without intermission, and Air. Stephen, who was the first to boldly face the rowdy multitude, had a brief ix..-q»ito, during which various clownish feats wore performed to the 1 edification of the onlookers. During Air. I .Stephen's speech there were many intemip- I t-ions, ami when tho time for qucs- I tJojis came ho denied ihul lie hud ever | employed as much as tiie pigtail of a "ehinkcy" in Ids ml>b:»go garden, and,: further, that lie was not favorable to Chinese : immigration. At this stage of tho proceeding's : tho anything but redolent perfume of an an- ' cieutogg was wafted througn the atmosphere, followed by a repetition oi the Hour-throwing performance. Air. Anderson was the next to display indomitable courage, but had not littered a dozen words when a quantity of (lour, accompanied with very .slamg- fii'ielling eggs, alighted on ting balcony, which was cleared in a secuid of ail wil'h the exception of the speaker, who was immovable, and awaited patiently a lull in the mirth-provoking programme, notwithstanding tnut he was covered with white ami the cynosure of all m-oscnt whoso humor had by 1 his time .earned an irresis tible stage, caitsirigone vr.-.t .substantial smiJe to overspread even tiie candidate's face. Ami iu must iu; admitted he looked a sorry spec- tacle, white from head to too and extremely pantomimic looking. "How does it smell 'i ' yelled out one individual, as a balconyito was observed to snilrlo bis coat, which was covered with egg. Then came a succession of fiourbags, the contents of which spread right and left, and a dozen coats were imme diately cast off' and soon undergoing the pro cess ot being changed to their original color. " I suppose they want to christen me," good- naturedly remarked Air. Anderson, and then retired bowing and smiling at the crowd, who applauded his pluck to tho echo. Half an hour after the beginning of the proceedings tho whole of the flour in the neighboring grocery store had been bought up and judiciously distributed among the crowd, whilst rotten eggs easily found purchasers at top prices. The other candidates were similarly treated, but escaped move fortunately than their predecessors, although the crowd refused to listen to them until the wliolo of the flour and eggs had been disposed of. One gentle man was heard to remark that he wouldn't mind moving a vote of confidence provided lie was guaranteed immunity from a deluge of flour and rotten eggs, and though a promise could not be given, lie de cided to face tho enemy at all hazards, and did so to the merriment of those who preferred torcmain indoorsandwitnessthe fun from behind the hedge, so to speak. Mr. E. T. W.u/sh moved, and Mr. E. ivKi:s seconded, a vote of confidence in the candidates. This was put to the meeting, but only about two dozen hands were held up in favor of it, and about half-a-dozen to the contrary. The chair man, who had almost roared himself hoarse, declared the proposition carried unani mously, amid derisive laughter, cheers, hoots and groans. When the crowd dis persed the whole of the road presented tho appearance of having been whitewashed, Tiie two meetings held last night by the protectionist bunch — Messrs. Howe, Hoyle and ftehey — were quiet. The first, held in the Waterloo Town-hall and presided over by Air. James W. ftpiccr. "Protection, the panacea for all ills and evils," was the lesson repeated over anil over again, Air. Hoyle illustrating bis remarks by detailing some eight or nine once large works which now wero mere " tu'pcnny ha'penny" factories or crumbling ruins, " and all the result of free- trade." Was tiiis a sign of prosperity V" ho asked, and the audience applauded. The second meeting, held at the Bells Hotel, corner Botany and Regent streets, was better attended, over 1000 men, women and children assembling in tho street below. More life was infused into the proceedings at this centre — at least, during the early ijarfcof the speeches — by a number of lads who seemed to think that the free distribution of flour would greatly influence tho voting on the morrow. The police, however, thought differently and showed that they did so by arresting two or three of the ringleaders. " Riotous behavior, sergeant !" reported the arresting constablo as ho escorted his " captures" iuLo the station. The speakers here wero subjected to a running lire of humorous banter, which, however, was given and taken in very good part. At neither meeting, however, was there any interrup tion, and at both votes of confidence were carried by substantial majorities. 