AN OLD MAN'S LOVE. _ A P.atIiiBtic Incident of the Stage. (BT tub bate C. C. KnYfl;) The people at the theatre all had a ftood langh whoQ they foand ont that " Papa " Peterson, general measengor during the day, basso violinist in the evening, had taken it into hia head and heart to fall in love with the beautiful Mrs. Delaunay, the creatrix of The Killina Oounie$s. which had now been rnnning for a long time, and with a constantly increasing success. In the orchestra, while Itis bow was sawing the great heavy strings of his immense instrnmont, old man Peterson h.ad eyes for nothing and nobody but tlio Dolaunay. "When she loft the stage, followed by tnmuituous applause, his arm would grow "weak and his dugors lose their power, and it was only sobs and sighs bo would get out of his big bass viol. At such times as these Papa ltorson followed tbo score at haphazard, caring for nothing, deaf to all reprimand. But when she appeared ho straightonod himself up, and it was really touching to soo how the obscure musician Bcomcd to .grow inspired and how much soul ho put into tho sonorous groaiiiiigs of hLs musical instnimont. Thoy had not beon long in guessing bis secret, and the ill-natured, pitiless jokings bod begun to wound tbo heart of ono who would have died Tather than confess tbo truth. Ho paused to laugh, j>oor fellow j but ho suffered horribly when liis near neighbor, tho drummer, would whisper s " Steady, Peterson ! Pull yourself to- ' gothor. Sho is looking at you." And ono night ho nearly fainted when the trombone player Iniuded him a note appointing a rondozvouii and signed "Louiso Dolaunay." Poor man 1 lie said nothing, but ho bowed bis head so iiumbly and looked so sad withal that any other than a trombone man would luivo been disarmed by hia suppliant eyes. But tho uiombers of the orchestra wero inoxoraldo. You sao, thoy had to play tho samo accompanimont to tho sanio stupid Bongwords for more than two hundred nights. Tho merriment grow much greater when thoy found out at tho theatre that tho old man had given tho stage door- keopbr a splendid bouquet for the star, but with strict instructions not to tell from whom it camo. Mr. Peterson's salary only amounted to jBG a month, and the bonqnot cost him half that sum. He was at onco nicknamed "The Busaian Prince," and tho second low comian, a conceited fellow who camo to us from' tho Priyolity, insisted that ho must ho a relative of tho Bothschilds. Thou ho was compelled to join with two or throd of the musicians, as many of the actors, and half a dozon ballet girls and ilgarancoa in a half-crown supper, and in various ways was made tho victim of a Borioa of jokes that were without senao or mercy. And with tlie sound of tears in his voice ho would say i " No, no — assure you — no, no !" That was all. Ho had not tho courago to lie any strougor, and when he, poor old hacholor, would rctiro at night to his littlo room in Bloomshnry ho would throw himsoU onhLs bed and woop like a child, dating in his hand mcanwhilo tlio photo graph of hor ho lovod so absurdly, so dovotodly. n. Of oonrso Papa Peterson could not stand this sort of thing for ever. After a while ho had to snocumb to sickness and he waa taken to a hospital. Ho did not suffer much ; it was the completq breaking down of tho system; moroover, ho could not snffer, for ho was constantly thinking of her and wishing with longing, ever loyal, heart ho oonld boo hor onco again. Lying thoro in tho long public ward, whore tho whito glow of tho night lamps touched tho ouxtains of tho low oots, he would remain with his oyos wido open following with a fixed gazo a fantastic vision, a ghost-liko "KaBing Countess" of his own creation, And whHo tho fear which had laid hold of him was slowly devouring what was left of him it Boemod to him that sho had at last ppiessod his lovoj that sho had not mnghsd at him as the others had, and that, knowing ho was too weak to go to tho thoatro, she had como to play for him alono. After such a night as this tho Idootor, when paying his -visits tho noxt morning, would stop at cob No. 128, would nod his head wisely and say to tho young medical students who accompanied him : " This is a caso of ataxy, gontlemon." Soon tho norvons crises hooame more frequent. Ho would call aloud for Mrs. Dolaunay, hog that somo ono might bo sent for her, and would keep on saying : "I tell you she promised she would como." m, Ono evening at tho theatre Mrs. Dolau nay received in her sitting room Lord Tintagol and a friend who had como to beg hor company at a supper choz Bomno after tho performanco. Sho aoooptod, and it was at a woll-sorvcd tablo in the Strand that sho learned by chance tho tragic story in which, without suspecting it, sho played a leading jjart. Tintagol told it to hor laughingly wliilo thoy wore drinking each otlior's health iii humpora of sparkling burgundy. And ho mingled with his ro- oitaJ tho jokoa of tho clubs and tho cafes, and merely accused Louise of. hoing tho death of a very old bass violinist. Mrs. Dolaunay hocaxiio very grave, and made no roply ; bat thoso pro.scnt thought that slio was really touched. At 11 o'clock Mrs. Delaunay arrived at tlio hospital. Sho was dressed in a very jfiaiu dark gown, and naked for tho w.ard wliore Peterson was lying. When sho saw tlio old man on his cot, his board uncombed, his eyes sunken, and his hairy chest and arms bare, she re coiled instinctively. The man w.as dying, and still filled with tho s.amo idea he cried in the saddest imaginahlo voice : " I know slie will conic ! I know she will como I" Tlio lioart of tho beautiful artist was deeply touchod, and, seized with a subliiiio pity, she approached the dying man with out disgust and without foar. " I have como. my good old friend," said she, putting into hor voice all hor power of tondernoss as a woman and an actress. Papa Peterson raised his head from tho pillow. Tho sound of the adored voice caused a shuddor to pas.s over his body. He looked her iii tho face with wild Mtonishment. Then, with an indescribahlo joy, ho drew her towards him. " Closor," he whispered. " Como closer." Mrs. Delaun.ay ohoyod. Moved by tho iinpnlso of hor heart sho approached very Doar to tho dying m.an. Hia eyes wcro already closing and convulsive sighs shook his framo. Ho felt with hia hands for hers when ho had found thom he placed thorn over his heart. Then, in a vice that was but a siglt-nud still following liis droam, hb murmuxod: , "Ilovoyoul" Poor Louiso was palo with emotion, but thero was no hesitation how. She bont down gently and kissed tho old fellow fairly on tho lips. Sliaken as though by an electric shock. Papa Peterson roopcnod his eyes and a smile almost as of youth lit up his emulated face. "Ah! "ho murmured. "Touare good," And slowly, without any effort, as though it wero useless to attempt to live any . longer, he lot his head fall back on the pillow. He had crossed the river. 