OUR PARISIAN LETTER. [By our own Correspondent.! Paris, February 16. The Republican Moderates in France are a very singular body of men. Not only have they no confidence in themselves but they have no confidence in their electors. After the election of 1889 Moderates of all shades formed the majority in the Republi can party, and when they glanced at their opponent's ranks nearly three-fourths were ready to join hands with them for the pur pose of governing the country on Conserva tive principles, and making head against revolution. When these Moderate Repub licans turned from the legislature to the constituencies they perceived a steady mass of Conservative voters ready to sustain them in the path of reasonable government. The obvious course for sensible men was to form a Government resting on a Conservative majority of all political opinions. But in stead of doing this, they tried, and have ever since tried, to govern with the aid of their mortal enemies, the Radicals, and then, when they have failed, they declare that there is no Government. A moderate Republican newspaper says : — ' We have no longer a Government. We have police and employe's of all kinds but no Govern ment. Ministers no longer direct, but are directed by a majority in the Chambers that changes from day to day. There is confusion everywhere, and there is no such thing 88 responsible authority. Anarchy reigns everywhere, and a handful of voters terrorises the Government. The Minister of the Interior and the Prefect of Police are rendered powerless by the ghost of the Commune. The evil does not date from yesterday. Three years ago, when the Congress was assembled at Versailles for the Presidential elections, incendiary pro clamations were issued, and permanent insurrection was declared at the Ho.tel de Ville. A few months later, under the Floquet Ministry, workmen's strikes were everywhere organized, and served as a pre text for every kind of disorder. Then the Floquet Government announced the strange axiom, that Government is instituted for the protection of the person, but not of property. After the general election of 1889, which was favorable to the Govern ment, it was hoped that it would step forward as the permanent defender of law and order, but instead of that, it plays into the hands of law breakers.' ' M. Etienne, Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies, has prohibited the sale of opium in the Marquesas Islands, in the South Pacific, on a report showing that the number of births in the Archipelago in 1888 amounted to 88, as compared with 187 deaths. The opium traffic, which was farmed to one man on account of the intro duction of Chinese labor, was gradually spreading with the most baneful results among the native population, and the evil was first pointed out by M. Puaux, delegate from Tahiti. ? 