WESLEYAN' SUNDAY Rntr„. ! i The arihiversaryof itb'e ihovi 'Simd'-; was held m the church in Barker- streV -l terday, arid notwithstanding the omJi ye8tef' bf .the weather, the; congregations w.ITienMa and tho services were carried out vn,,. - ,a!R«i fully. The children occupied seats on 8531 platform oii 'either side arid 'rit the re'riV?'??1 prilpit. ' ! The front portion of" tlio nlafrif- .ll16 tli'b ','pulit' were 'entbollished f with' bubS? flowers andgarlands of' evergreens 1 wall at th'i rear of the pulpif were the In" words, nicely .worked in jvy ,leaW harvest is great,; jthe labburoirs are few" tlie jbase of tlie lettering was a sheath and ;sey the, : flprally adorned/ tli'o wholo I ' ing a very, pretty, spectacle./ , Tho : service!!1''' conduc;te,d by. the Rev Dr E. I. \Vatki11 ifete regpisedias a very eloquent expounder hfa8 Gospel. In the morning he nrenelmri r "e text, .Rb Matthew; 25th' chapter, 16th a?,?j , verses.' ' The ' preacher delivered an abln j appropriate discourse, which was eoriiinoni j"?® a uriefireference to tho coriditibP bU® England at thb present time As comriareft vS! their state many, j/ears ago! .Dr'.Batnard 1 other philanthropists were referred tb i? who thought of the. children and hafl welfaro at. heart;, ,'Children should be set best of example- and taught wisely as a wero to -be the : men . and Women of. the fur There were three branches of . education S' religious and moral i traimng' of ehiiawnl physical, mental, arid the cultivation' '« n moral "arid" spiritual faculties.' The teji gested''thonht :alt'iroBp6to?wi<M the preacher remarked that.anciont and mod# heathenism .- had; liMn / eriiei'; 'to' biifldron forcibly impressed, upon "tlie children the Ljr sity. of obeying., the,, commandment—" Hnnr,?' thy father-. andsmothev,;. that thy days.mav T bng in- th'e1."land.,,:-Tho nativity of Christ and His teachings jyere.then brought uhdor hotics and the rev gentleman clbseddiis nhly!deivey sermqn'by- enjbininghpYqhgregationJnianv whom he knew, liore nearly.'thirty years aeol (a realise their responsibility towards tlie. child,!- and train them aright. larei1 At the afternoon service Dr Watkin delivered an address', as.he said the state of ' the weathi was unfavourable for him to: preach tor the cJ. girogatiori to listen- to' a sormbn, the textof iyWich /would (Louis, and thy mother Eunice!''. " He rbfeftedlo i the representatiye/itherifig jj, s_. iriey discussing the federation' propbsate', and en" (quired what, will., be ,sthe; futute of Australia f 'Flinders, gave; the.name ' bf'.Austmha ffi'thk Yo! jtineut, ,Yut; previously ,,. another,' navigator irid called some islands riot far, from Hew Caledonia /"Australia- of - the Holy Ghost.!' , Maj (Mitchell subsequently! "-travelling from jSoufch Wales found the! Henty settlement at (Portland, 'then' passed- 'over and'nara'ed-Mounts Alexander and Macedon, while from theeummit jofiithe; latter Yie ' Saw! the 'white tents of the 'settlers on Batman's 'Hill! ..Ho returned to Sid- ney and gave the name to1 this proviriee of Aus tralia Felix It , will ' only be Australia the Happy. , in ; proportion as it is Australia of the Holy : Ghost: The granite pillar now erectedon the banks bf the Thames, and which was taken there1 from Heliopolis, was. mqst likely seeg by, 'Moses asit'stood on'the -barik of the Nile. That pillar, had, seen, Egyptian, Greek, Roman and Arab nations pass away.' Notwithstanding their great attainments, they ceased to be dominiiit1 nations,. because they lacked righteousness, and' if -we!; forget,, -that " righteousness , exalteth a nation, but. sin, is a reproach to any people," wp. will .tiot build up such, a ,nation as we ought, ;— we must be. , feligiousTwe want grandmotheis and mothers , who are pious,' arid fathers who are Godly,' so. that! there, may ! be children lite Timothy. ; At! the! first , arinivemiy of this school nearly all the children were European jbofn, to-day . they.: are. all; Australian, born, arid'' ho . exhorted - them ahi!to 1 become" Chris-.'. tilirih! ' ' ' . ' ' ' -"lb!;?'- I | The evening text/was Jolin, 1st chapter, 41st ' and 32nd versed! '"'The Church of the nineteenth century' in" the (last deedde1 needs to leatn hro lessoris—;feliarice on the Holy "Ghost, and that eyery member! , of. .'the. Church/should wort for J esus— -until eyeryone dbes .ab Andrbw did,.irbo . brought liis, own brotlier/Simon. !, Ho. noticed ; the argument used — his own experience— lie. had . found : the -Messiah. ; Parents . should -take the ' deepest -interest :in. the spiritual welfare of their relatives. We aro not Christians. if, we, are liofc interested in the wolfaro of nien everj- where. : The musical portious of. the services was under the efficient leadership ef Mr J. W. Iredale, and the hymns' .werk' rendered in a very creditable: manner. ; A ;dubtf-'.by-tivo; young boys, with sweet voices, ; and i the chorus By all the chil dren, was well rendered. . j' Anfnteresting exponment xvill be tried atthe , anniversary celebration to-night by dispensing! with the. customary addresses from clergymen, arid .' substituting' a: cantata, entitled; "The Beatitudes,", wliicli will be sung principally by the children!, who -have undergone much careful training frohi their conductor, Mr J. W. Predate- 1 The, music is within the scopo of the- young Vocalists, 1VI10 ' will, besides the choruses, haw solos .allotted to. them, Mrs Iredalp will phy Uioi/qigan, . and. Mr'; Apspn'.'iU.TO-'sHin; priate.readings illustratiye of the theme ill song. „! - 