COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. Victoria, Melbourne, November 27. Thomas Loutitt, who was yesterday arrested upon a charge of embezzling money from the Commercial Bank, was to-day brought before the Police Court and remanded until Thursday nest, bail being fixed in £500. A coroner's inquest was to-day held upon the body or Mary Uonway, wno was stabbed by Louisa Dennis in a street brawl on Tuesday last. There was nothing remarkable in the evidence, merely a case of one low woman stabbling another evidently in a fit of ungovernable rage. The jury unhesitatingly returned a ver dict of wilful murder against Louisa Dennis, who was thereupon committed for trial. Melbourne, November 29. * A fencer at Braybrook was yesterday bitten on the finger by a whip snake. He immediately chopped off the finger with an adze, and came to Melbourne for hospital treatment. Messrs. Howard Smith &? Sons' new purchase, the steamer Perigrine, arrived from Dundee on Saturday, and was berthed at the Yarra wharf. The vessel is a fine addition to the fleet of the com pany. The Rev. P. Bremian, of the Order of the Holy Ghost, died at Ballarat yester day. Giles and Thompson, v.-ho conspired to falsely accuse E. Bell of burglary, were on Saturday sentenced, the former to two years, to be added to the previous sentence of 14 years, and Thompson to four years' penal servitude. Both will undergo a period of solitary confinement. Bell, who has been released, receives £100 compensation from the Government. Melbourne, November 30. James Melville Symons, late accoun tant or tne tjrown .law .Department, was charged on remand at the City Court this morning with stealing a cheque for £35 and other moneys, the property of the Crown. Mr. Morrah, the Audit Commis sioner, stated he had discovered a deficiency of £558 16s. 3d. in the books. Symonds was committed for trial. The visitation of locusts which appeared at Mildura about a month ago lias now almost disappeared. Out of about 20 locusts caught this morning 15 were found to have a maggot parasite lodged in the throat, and it is believed that the riddance of the pest is due to this cause. Speci mens are being forwarded to the Govern ment entomologist for his consideration. Melbourne, December 1. ?* At an early hour this morning the coacli buildiug premises of Messrs. Warner Bros., Little Malop-street. Geelong, were destroyed by fire, together with their contents, including about 50 vehicles. Insured to the amount of £2.5C0. William McKenna. who yesterday cut Iiis mother's throat, was brought before the Richmond court to-day and remanded for medical treatment. He is suffering from delirium tremens. The will of the late Mr. Robert Dent Oswald, mine owner, Maldon, was to-day lodged for probate. The estate is valued, at £145,000, the bulk of which goes to deceased's family. The Maldon and Castlemaine Hospitals are each left £500. The 'Rno'-lish firinke'Mrs left, for Svdnev this afternoon with the exception of Lord Sheffield, who left by the steamer Adelaide. The committee appointed by the share holders ef the City of Melbourne Building Society met to-day, and determined upon the terms 'of the circular to be issued to those interested in the society. Very encouraging offers of assistance were received, from several large depositors and investing shareholders, so that there seems good ground, to hope that the sentiment expressed at the meeting of share holders and depositors, held on Monday after noon, will take practical shape. Melbourne, December 2. It is understood that the reduction made by the Tramway Company in the pay of their employes has been accepted, if not altogether with good grace at any rate as unavoidable. The Planet Building Society has declared a dividend of S per cent. . Matthias Larkin was brought before the South Melbourne Court to-day and again remanded, as the audit of the South Mel bourne Permanent Building Society's accounts is not completed. The accused's previous bail was doubled, being now £4.000. At the Brunswick Police Court to-day Mrs. Emily Andrade, wife of David Andrade, book seller^ was committed for trial for making a false statement before a registrar of births respecting the birth of a child. She gave her own name as Emily Henry, wife of David Alfred Henry. The brick trade has been very depressed lately, and a considerable number of men are out of employment. At Messrs. Hoffonans and Company's Kb. 1 works, Brunswick, 25 men have just been dismissed. It is stated the company has G,000,000 bricks on hand at the- present time. 