CHrAPTERI XXXTr. JEiiLLY-to whom we are obliged to refer rather frequently, as she holds some imnportlant threands of the story in hel hands-foundl times went very hard with her. A deleth) within the house in adldition to the death close without it, was almost more than Jelly could well put up with in her present state of mind. The startling circumstances that had characterized Mrs. tane's deumise dlid not attemid Mrs. Oumberland s: but it had been very sudden. at last, and Jelly was sincerely attached to her mistress. I)r. lane was left solo executor to his mnother's vill It was a very simple one : she heque:thed to him all she had. That was not much ; for a portion of her income died with liher. I[e founl that lie had two hundredi a year-as hle had always known llat lie should have---and Imer householh furniture. Of ready money there was little. Vhen lihe should have discharged trillilng claims and paid the funeral expenses, some twenty or thirty pounds would remain over, that was all. 1)r. inane acted promptly. He discharged two of thie servants, Ann and D)inal, retaining Jelly for the present to look after the house. iHe wished, if he coull, to get thle furniture taken witl the house ; so he advertised it in the lo:al papers. Helo had been advertising his practice-I think this hlts hieen alore-idy said-but nothing satisfactory had come of it. inquiries hald ibeen mile, but they all dropped through. Perhaps Dr. ]ulan was too honest to say his practice was wiVrth much, or to con coal ;he fact that IMr. SeCley had the best of it in Dallory. Neither was the tontinme money ass yet paid over to him ; anld, putting out of consideration all other business, the doctor must have waitad for that. Now, of all things that couhl have happened, Jelly most disliked and treamled being left aloie in the house. From having hICm as physically brave a:s a womanl can be, she mhad latterly becomnce one of the most timid. She started alt lher own shadow; she would niot for the world have entered alone ait night the roor in which X?H's. Cumnberland died. IIavinul seen one ghost, .Jelly could not feel sure that she should not see two. Somel people hold a theory that to at very few persons in this world-and not to others-is given the faculty, ori whatever you may please to call it, of disceirning supernitural sights or visions. . itelly had heard this : and she becatme ps sessed of the idea that for some wise purpose she hlio heen suddenly endowed with it. To reomain in the house alone was more than ]ler brain could hear.; and she selecteld Kletler's hldest girl, at starved damsel of thirteen, called ' ialm,' to come aud kceep her eompany. As it was one less to feeda, and they hll tried in vain to get Plials a place--for the strike and badlness of trade lhad alrteted all classes, land less servants eeallled to o wallnted overywhere-- lCtlir anud his wife were very glad to lot her go. I-How do rollliurs get aboutl Can any : onIe tell fHlow did a certain ruilnotr get about aidii begin to eho whispered in Dallory '1 Certainly no one thern couldl have told. Jolly could have upon her Bible oath if necessary (or thought she could) that she Ihul inot set it floating. Tt was ia very ugly one, whoever litd itone it. Late ono afternemi Jelly received ia call from Mrs. (ass's smtiu'at housemaid. The girl brought a letter from her mistiress; M-s. (Gass wanted very palrticularly to see Jelly, antdd had selio to say that .J elly was to go there its soon as she could. Jeolly made no ssort of obju:ctiomn. She had hIeu coltined to the house muclh more closely of late thnllt she approved of: partly because I)Dr. ]aim lihad charged her to be in the way in case people called to look oven it : partly because she had found out that Miss birih hadtrl tendeicy to walk oil, herself, if she could get Jelly's back turned. ' Now, mind you sit still in the kitchen and attoend to the lire, anlld listen to tile door ; and Iperhaps I'll bring you home ia pair of strings for' thl.tt honInol of yours,' said Jolly to the girl, when she was re:ady to sthrt. ' The ldoct0or will le in by-alud-by, so don't atteimpt to got out of the waly.' \r'ith these injunctions, Jelly bIegaiu hler walk. Shie lhaul on her best new mourning -and was in It compliisant mood. It looked inclined to rain-tlhe wseatthe' had obee ucoei' tain of late -lbut Jelly had her ullibrollel Ia i silk oane thiat hadl Ibslolnged to her i mistrstes, ilid that )Dr. l?ano hal given, with niUmyi other things, to Jelly. She rather wvontderledl wlLhat M?'s. CUass tVltlted with her, but suip posed it was to tell her of :.t?s?itutil.;iuii. It hid hlin arrangedl that if mmii eligible onel ollreii'l, Jilly sl.hitld hle at liberty to depuart, and ta swolmln mliight he pllced ill the house to takeli car of it.. Mrs. oun?s hall saidl she would let Jolly know if shi heardl of anything dlesirabll, So away wcnt Jolly with a fleet foot, little thinking what was in store for her. Mrs. -Gass, wearing mourning also, was in her usual sitting room, the dining-roosm. As Jelly entered, tho smarit maid was carrying out the tea-tray. Mrs. Gass stirred up lier ftire, and bade Jelly to a chair near it, drawing her own pretty closely to her. ' Just see whether that girls have shut the door fast before I begin,' suggested Mrs. Gass. ' It won't do to have ears listening to ile8.' Jelly went, saw the door was closed, come I back and sat down agnin. She noticed that Mrs. Gass looked keenly at her, as if studying her face before speaking. ' Jelly, what is it that you have been say ing about Dr. lane 1' The question was so unexpected that Jelly did not immediately answer it. Quite a change, this, from an offer of it nice situation. ' I'\ve s.idl nothing,' she replied. 'Now don't you repeat that to ilme. You have. And it would have been a'imost as well for you that you had cut your tongue out before doing it.' 'I said-l-what I did-to you, Mrs. (Gass. To nobody else.' 'Look here, Jelly--the mis chief's done, anl you'd a great deal better Icok it full in the face than deny it. There's reports getting up about Dr. LRane, in regard to his wife's death, and no mortal woman or man can have set em' afloa?t but ou. This morning I was in North Inlet, looking a bit after them scamps of workmen that won't work, and won't leot others work if they can help it;: and after I had given a taste to as many of 'ran as was standing about, I stepped into .M other Green's. She has the rhoumatics -and he has a touch of them. Talking with her of one thing antd another, we got on to the subject of Dr. ilane and the tontine ; and she said two or three words that frightened me ; frightened me, Jelly ; for they pointed to a suspicion that the doctor hadl sacrificed his wife to get it. I pretended to understand irothing-slhe did not speak out broad enough fr mo to take it up and answer her--and it was the best plan not to understandl ' For an old woman1.l ot(her Green has the longest, tongue I know,' interrupted Jelly. ' You've a longer,' retorted Mrs, Gass. ' Just wait till I've finished, girl. 'Twvas a toolerable tine morning, and after that I went walking on, and struck off' down by the Wheatslheaf. Packerten's wife was standing at the door with cherry ribbons in her cap, andl stolpedl t ttalk to her. She brought up l)r. Rano; and lowered helr voice as if it was high treason ; asking me if I'd heard what was being said about his wife's not having died a natural death. I did give it to the woman; and I think I frightened lier. She acknow lodged that she only spoke fronm a hint dropped by Timothy Wilks, and said she had thought at the time it couldn't have anything in it. But what I have to say is this,' continued Mrs. Gass to J'elly more emplhatically, ' whetler it's Tim \V ilks that's spreadling the report, or whether it's M\other Green, they both had it in the first place from you.' .Jelly siet in discomifort. She did not like, this. rt is iothing to ioe charged with a fault when you are wholly innocent ; but when conscience says you ar'o partly guilty it is a•nother thing. 'I may have let fall ani iniautious word there,' confessed Jelly. ' tout it was nothling anybody canr take hold of.' ' l)on't you mike sure of that,' reprimianded Mrs. GUas.. ' AVe iae told in the sacred writ ings-which it's not well to mention ill ordinary talk, and I'donly do it with reverence -of a grain of nustar'd seed, thlt's the least of a1111 seedls when it's sown, trlld grows into the greatest tree. You remember \Vho it is says that, Jelly, so it's not for me to enlarge upon it. lut I inay say this much, girl, that that's an apt exeniplilication of gossip. You drop one word, or maybe only half a one, and it goes spIreiliing out pretty nigh over the world.' I'm sure, what with the weight and worry this dtoadltful secret has hoonl oa rmy mIlnd, aliost driving me mad, the wonder is that I've been aielo to keep as vilent as I lhave,' put in Jolly, who wits growing cross. Mmrs. G-ass ' If the thing is what you think it to be-a dreadful secrer, and its brought to light through you, why, I don't kinow that you'd get blamed-though thoe's maly a olne will saly you Imight have spar'ed your luiistress's son ind left it for others to charge him. 13ut sup pose it turns out to lie no dreadfull soret ; suippose poor .olcssy .?ane died a Inatulral death of the feveri, what then 7-where would you Ie 7' Jelly took off her black gloves it if they hal grown suddenly hot for her hands. She said nothing. SLook hre, girl. My belief is thl't you've just sobt i lirilid oil (ihlA I one tlhatl won't he nrt oult uitil it's bulnt out. My lirm belief 1a15o is, that .ioe be aelloelthcr maistlaicn. Oilveri l btno loved his wife too well to hurt one haimr of her helal.' SThereh' wais lthat anonymiuous lettoer,' ci'ed Jelly. S\VWhatover hand lie might havIw hid in thatl anlollylnnous letteir--and mloboidy knrows the truth of it wheother lie lhail or whether ihe llitln't -1 don't believe lie was the IrLan to inhurlit a hair of his wife('s helad,' r'epeated Mrs. Unlss. ' Andll fir' you to lie spireadilg it ibolut that hln imurli'(Iclr l hier i' '.The circumstances all point to it,' st.itd Jelly. S'l'hey doa't.' Why, Mrs. Gass, they do.' ' Lot's go over 'cm, and soe,' said 'Mrs. Gass, who ihald a plain way of convincing people. 'L'mt's hogin at the beginning. Hear me oub, Jelly.' She went over the past minutely. Jelly li.itened, growing more uncornfortabllo every nomrnent. Thleror was absolutely not one fact. inconsistent with a natural death. It is true the demise hal been speedy, bub the cause assigned, e'xhatustion, might have boeen the real one; nrl the hasty fastening down of the collie was no doulbt a simple measure of pre caution, takeli out of rogard for the living. No ; as M[rs. Class put it in her sensible way, thele was positively not a singlo fact that could hoe urged for suppi.ing that Mrs. Rantio canme to an untimely end. J, lly twirled her gloves, and twisted her hands, and grew hot and un cofo'rtalle. ''lhere was what I saw -the ghost,' she I'n Mr.,. Gasa rilieiled the gho.st-that is, thei idea ?f it-bymnd everythinlg earthly. .Jelly, however, would not give way there ; annd they had somre sparl)ing. ( Ghost, indtleid I n'd you como to this ago I It was the bhe. girl; then beer.' ' hadn't had? a drop of beer,' protesterd Jelly, almost crying, ' flow wa-s I to got beer t Ketler's ? They've none for themselves' had had nothing inside nzy lips but tea.' ' Well ; beer or no beer, ghost or no ghost, it strikes mae, Jelly, that you have done a pretty thing. The story's as sure to take wind now as themn geraniums of mine will have air when I open the' window tolmorrow morning. You 11 be called upon to substantiate your story ; and when you can't, the law may have you up to answer for it. I once knew a man that rose a bad charge against another ; he was tried for it, and got seven years' trans portation. You nmy conime to the same.' A very agreeable prospect ! If Jedly's bon net had not been on, her.hair might have risen up on end with horror. There could be no doubt that it was she who had started the report; and in, this moment of repentance she sat re'lly wishing she had first cut her foolish tongue out. - ' Nothing can be done now,' concluded hMrs. Gass. ' There's just one chance for you-that the rumour may die away. If is will, let it; and take warning to be more cautious in future. The probability is that Mother Green and Tim Wilks have mentioned it to others besides me and Packerton's wife: if so, noth ing will keep it under. You have been a great fool, Jelly.' Jelly went away in terrible fright. For suspect as sheo might, she had no proof; and if questioned by authority could not have advanced one. ' Dr. Rane have been in hero three times after you,' was young Riah's salutation when Jelly reached home. 'Dr.. Rane hasl' ' And he said the last time you oughtn't to be away from the house so long with only me in it,' added the damsel, who felt aggrieved, on her own score, at having been left. 'Oh, did lie !' carelessly retunried Jelly. But she began considering what Dr. Rane could want. Just as she had decided that it mnight refer to this same report, which he might have heard, and Jelly was growing more and more ill at ease in consequence, he canme in. She went to him in the dining room. 'Jelly, I think I have let the house,' said the doctor. 'Have you, sir 1' returned Jelly, blithely, in the agreeable revulsion of feeling. 'I'm sure I am glad.' But only for a short time,' continued Dr. Rane. ' Two ladies of WVhitborough are wanting temporary change of air, and will take it if it suits them. They are coming to nmorrow to look:at it.' 'Very well, sir.' ' They will occupy the house for a month, and porhaps take it for longer. This will give me time to let it for it permanency. If you feel inclined to take service with them, I Ieliovo tlmhere ill be room for you.' ' Who are they ' asked Jolly. '.\lrs. and MHiss Beverage. Quakers.' She knew the name. Very respectable people; plenty of money. ' You'll show theni over it to-morrow when they come : I may or may not be in the way at the time,' concluded Dr. Rmeno. Jelly attendred him to the door. It was evident lie had not heard the rumour that had: reached Mmrs. Gass ; or, at least, did not connect Jolly in any way with it I But how wits lihe likely to hear it i The probability was, that all Dallory would. be full of it before it reached him. .Jolly could not eat her supper. Mrs. Gass's communication had left no room for appetite. Neither did, she get any sleep. Tossing and turning on her bedl, lay she : the past doubt and present dread troubling her brain until morning. But, when Jelly had thus tormented herself and regarded the matter in all its aspects, the result; wits, that she still belihved her own version of the tale-namely, that Mrs Rane had not come fairly by her death. True, she had no proof : but she behogan wondering whether proof might not be found.' 'At any rate, she resolved to search for it. Not openly; not to be used; but quietly and cautiously : to hold, as it were, in case of need. She could not toell how to look for this, or where to begin. No one had seen Mrs. Rane after death-excepting of course the undertakers. Jelly resolved to question them: perhaps something might be gleaned in this way. It was afternoon before the expected ladies acrived. Two pleasant women, dressed after the sober fashion of their sect. Mris. Bever age, a widow, was sixty; her daughter nearly forty. They liked the house, and. said they should take it; and at once; and they liked Jelly, and engaged her as upper maid, intending to bring two servants of their own. After their doparturo Jelly had to wait for Dr. Rano who came in whilst she was at tea. It was growing late when she set out on her oxpedition, And she started at the hedge shadows as she went long. Thie commdncemont of her task was at any rate not difficult : shte could enter the Hep burns' house without excuse or apology, knowing thlem sufiliciently well to do so. TValking tlhrough the shop witlhout ceremony, savin'g a nod to young Charley, who was minding it, Jelly turned into the little parlour. 'PThomis Hlepburn, who seemed to he always ailing with som?ething or other, lhad an inllam mnation on his left armn, and his wife was biinding b1ruised lily leaves roundr it. Jelly, dirtawin ne,'r, at once expressed her disappro bation of the treatment. 'I can't think how it should thave come, or what it is,' he observed. 'I don't remember to have hurt, it in any way.' Jelly took the seat on the other side the Gfir-place, and [Mrs. Hepburn, a stout healthy woman, sat down at the small round table and began working by lamplight. Thomas IHepburn, nursing his rmn, which pained him, led all unconsciously to the subject Jelly had come to speak about. Saying that if his armi was not better in the morning, hl should show it to Dr. Rano, lie thence wont on to express his sorrow that the doctor should talk of leaving Dallory, for they liked him so much both as a gentleman and ia doctor. i But after such a loss as he has experienced in his wife, poor lady, no wonder the place is distasteoful to him,' went on Hepburn. And Jelly felt silently obliged for tlhe words that helped her in her task. ' Al, that was a dreadful thing,' she said. t shall never forget the morning I hoard of it, and the shock it gave 'no.' 'I'un sure I can never fot?gob the night lihe cainme down here, anid said she was dead,' r0 joined the undertaker. ' It was like a bloiv. W I had shut up the shops for the night, though the man were at work still next drlor, rlwhn the dt;ctor camne. It was past cloven o'cloolk ; but wo hand to work hIto during that sad time; and I-Iory's illness and death seomed to make a dillference of nearly as lmuc as two hands to us. I was in the yard :with the men when there came a knocking at the shop-door: I wvent to open it, and there stood the doctor. ' Hopburn,' adl lie, ' my .poor wife is gone.' Well, I did feel it.' Jelly gave a groan by way of -sympathy. She was inwardly deliberating how she could best lead on to what she wanted to ask. But she was' never at fault long. ' I have hEard you express distaste to some of tihe things that make up your trade, Thomas HFepburn, but at least they give you the opportunity of taking last looks at people,' began Jelly. ' I'd have given I don't know how much out of my pocket to have had a farewell look at IMrs. Rane.' 'That doesn't always bring the pleasure you might suppose,' was the answer of the undertaker. L "' ' Did3 ou go to her ?' asked Jelly. ' No. I sent the two men: Clark and Dobson. They took. the coffin at once : the doctor had brought the measure.' 'And they screwed her down at once,' she retorted, more eagerly than she intended to speak. ''Ay 1 It was best.. We did it in some other cases that died of the same.' 'Did the men notice how she looked whether there was much change in her?' resumed Jolly, in a low tone. 'Sonime faces are very sweet and placid after death: so much so that one cannot help thinking they are happy. Was \Irs. Rane's so ' 'The men dirln't'see her,' said I-iepburn. ' Didn't see her !' ' No. The doctor managed that they should not. It was very kind of him. Dobson harl had an awful dread all along of. catching the fever; and Clark was beginning to fear it a little : Dr. Rate knew this, and said he'd not expose them to more risk than could be helped. The men carried the coflin up to the ante-room, and said he would manage all the rest.' Jelly sat with open mouth and eyes staring. The undertaker put it down to surprise, .'Medical men are used to these things, Jelly. It comes as natural to them as to us. Dr. Lmane said to Clark that he would call Seeley over if he found he wanted. help. I don't suppose he would want it : she was small and light, poor young lady.' Jelly found her speech. ' Then they - Clark and Dobson-never saw her at all !' 'Not at all. She was in the far room. The door was close shut, and well covered besides with a sheet wet with disinfecting fluid. There was no danger, Dr. Rane assured thom, so long as they did not go into the room where she lay. The men came away wishing other prople would take these,pre cautions ; but then, you see, doctors under stand things. He gave them each a glars of brandy-and-water too.' 'And-then - nobady saw her !' persisted Jelly, as if she could not get over the fact. I Idare say not,' replied Thomas H-epburn. 'I-Io must have haimmered her down him self !' cried the amazed Jelly. I He could do it as well as the men could. They left the nails and hammer.' 'Well-it--it-seems dreadful work for a man to have to do for his wife,' observed Jelly, after a pause, staring over Mr. Hep buhrin's hnead into vacancy.' 'He idid violence to his own feelings out of consideration to the men,' said the 1under taker. ' Did he manage the lead coffin as well as the first one ? continued Jelly, ii a hard, sar castle tone, which she found it impossible to suppress. ' And theno there was the third cotlin, after that ?' 'I woent and solderel down the lead myself. The men took up the last one and nmade all ready.' W? ero you not afraid to run the risk ? asked Jelly, tauntingly, for she despised the man for being so unsuspicious. .' The rooms had been well disinfected then, the doctor said. Anyway, we took no harm.' That Thomas Hepburn had never discerned cause for the slightest suspicion of unfair play on the part of Dr. Rane was evildent. Jelly, in her superior knowledge, could have shaken him for it. ' Well, I must he wishing you good-evening, I suppose,' she said. ' I've left only iahal in the house- and she's of no morial use to any hbody, except for company. With people dying about oneglike this, one gets to feel dull, rill alone.' ' So one does,' answered the undertaker. ' Don't go yet.' Jolly had not risen. She sat looking at the fire, evidently deep in thought. Presently she turned her keen eyes on the man again. 'Thomas Hepburn, did- you ever see a ghost ?' He received the question its calmly and serious iy as though she had said, Did you ever see a funeral ? And shook his hoeadnogatively. 'I can't say I ever saw one myself. I've known those whohave. That is, who say and believe they have. And I'mnt sure I've no reason to say they haven't. One hears curious tales now and then.'. 'They are not pleasant things to see,' remarkedr Jelly a little dreamily. ' WeVoll, no; I dare say not. ' Fo'r mny part, I. don't put faith in ghosts,' said hearty Mrs. Hopburn, looking up with a laugh. 'None will ever come ino ear mi, I'll answer for it. I've too many, clildren aboub me, and too much worlk to do, for pastime of that sort. Ghosts come from nothing but nervous fancieS.' Jelly could nbt contradict this as positively as she would have liked, so it was best to say nothing at all. She finally rose up to go Itiah miglhi be falling asleep with her head in the candlo. And in spite of the suggested attractions of a supper of toasted choose and ale, Jolly departed. Things had become as clear as day light to her. 'I don't so much enro now if it does come out,' she said to herself as she hastened along. ' What Thomas Hepburn can tell as good as provec the doctor's guilt. I know it was so. And I wish that old Dame lass had been smothered before she sent me into that doubt and fright last night I' SBut the road seemed terribly lonely now and Jelly more nervous than over of the shadows. bo be continued. Hler Majesty the Queen has appointed the Duke of Fife, the Marquis of Salisbury, Baron ]H'orscholl, Lord 'Carrington, Baron tle lothschild, Sitr Lyon Playfair, Sir ]Henry Jamnes, the Earl of Rlosebory, and 'Lord> Stra. ehoy, as governors of the Tinperial Institute. HT.I-t.HT. the Prince of Wales, as president of the instituter,'has nlinated Mr. .lohn Morley,, the ftight Hon. H. H. howlor, Mr. W. LAd. dordole (Governor of the Blank of England), anid thel Earl of Kimberley as governors. 