HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On 'the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship ".Mary.Compton," of Bristol Eng land, was'struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The windblew furiously, but'the weather was' clear, and the Captain' expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbor. 'Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidenitly. Five minutes later the ship struck wlith a fearfal.shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened.' An enemyof ith lighthouse k?eper had bound him ,bnd and foot and extinguished the light,. : Souls,i as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthohse in the world.' What shall be said of theman who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit? "You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come :to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so!.: o; for' he might ' be wrong-and in any case be had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1880, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. '-Her heart palpitated, and she was so'giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled -"and," :she said, all objects seemed to go into i cloudl" She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling., She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful coughlsracked her frame so that she could not lie down'in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely'crawl about the house," she says, "I'ras so weak.?? 1 tried different remedies and medicines:wmithout arail' I went tobthe Dispensary at Newi Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. , His answer was. Ibave ixed you some medicine; you can take it 'or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave it up in despair: " "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, 'You are past human aid' ,'Mi heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and di not know nc. My skin was af a green and yellow color, crd when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturdaly morning and scarceiy got rest from it until Monday morning. "At.this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilsoii; with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds, (where I lire), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesaon's, the Chemist. in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength btck. I am now (April, S90).' in better health than everbefore in my life. "I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we kId only a trifle coming in from his club. but I thank Godl I did get it at last, and it cared me had off as I was. All my friends and neighbors know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry:' (Signed). Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road. Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had effected thCe nervous system. 'A few months or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason. after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 