DARKEST ENGLAND AND GENJ5RAI, BOOTH. TO THE EDITOH. bir— ro whom do the poor belong* The reply to this question comes from the class which runs England at the present time, via., ' They do not belone to us. ther are a fo.irfni eyesore, with their rookeries, degradation, and Bhame, their stunted lives. They are likf ghosts, and remind us so of death. 'We would hail with joy the advent of some strong* person, tmr deliverer, to deliver us from th« bondage of their presence, and to ensure to u1' at any rate for some time to come our com fortable incomes and our self-complacency.'* So with drums, and shoutings, and blasts 61 trumpets, comes ' General' Booth and ' the Army' with an enormous scheme and quack remedy, and ho is hailed with joy by tbe class which runs England. 'Homo colony, farm colony, oversea colony. Clean them up a little andout with them. This is the day for cheap trips.1' But, Mr. Editor, wt know that the poor of England belong to Un people of England. They are the offspring of certain economic conditions which obtain in England, and which theruler3 have consciously or unconsciously adopted. They said, 'We will have a laissez faire, and devil take the bind most policy, and the fruit of it they ought to keep and eat. Of course General Booth proposes 0 polish up bis proteges and make them fit lot over the sea. But will ho *:' If it is a question of exodus ; then England should 6end away to a new country people fit for colonizing. The savages of former times had a much more convenient way of disposing the weak or those who were likely to become weak, viz., by cutting short their careers ; but nowadays it it the practice to let them starve, or, as a la tec proposal, send them to an ovcrst-a colony. This is the Chinese question over again. There is no doubt that it would be all very well to have a home colony or a farm colony away back in China to teach the Chinese not to com* and compete with Australians on an unequal footing, but to come and co- operate ; bub is it possible when competition rulea all the world o\i r, not on an equal, but on a very unequal fooiinp; ? Unfortunately it is the rich which are the cause of the poor. If a poor beast- is in fested with parasites he usually becomes lean and miserable. If there was not a class witt more of the products of labour than they caa possibly consume, then over-population would be the cause ; but such is not tne case. There must be something, therefore, wrong with *h« distribution. I am, Sir, &c.; LITTLE FABIAN. 