llll HBB . IlIISTilL CHAPTF.B XXIII.— THE SEOItET OF THE LEOAOY. CnAPTER XXIV.— THE TABLES TURNED. CHAPTER XXV.— A BOLD STROKE. CHAPTER XXVI.— IN A STATE OF SIEGE CHAPTER XXVIL— THE HADDS ON SLIPPERY nnmivn CHAPTER XXVIII.— A VILLAINOUS COMPACT. CHAPTER XXIX.— THE PLOT SUCCESSFUL. CHAPTER XXX.— ENTRAPPED. CHAPTER XXXI.— ROSAMOND'S WHEREABOUTS. .CHAPTER XXXII. — A CHANGE FOR THE BETTER. CHAPTER XXXIII.— IN SAFE QUARTERS. CHAPTER 'XXXIV.— UNEXPECTED NEWS. CHAPTER XXXV.— AN ENQUIRY ANSWERED. CHAPTER XXXVI.— A STRANGE COINCIDENCE. CUAPTEE XXXV1L— THE QUESTION SET AT OJIAl'TER XXXVIII.— THE LIGHT BREAKING. CHAPTER XXXIX.— THE W1LOHESTER INHERI TANCE. CHAPTER XL.— CONCLUSION. CHAPTER XXI. -Continued. " For whom are you inquiring?" he asked. " For Bettine — old Bettine 1" cried Hadd. " She lias run away from tho Towers. She .has robbed me. Sho procured a ticket to Corburnspath. Is she not hare ?" "We have not seen her," replied Sir Archy. " But she must be here. I traced her in this direction." And tho bailiiFs wild oyes searched the baronet's face in a keen and eager scrutiny. . " She cannot have dropped oft' by the way. Tho jorney cannot have been a blind. You have not heard from her ?" " I declino to he catechised in this manner," returned Sir Archy, haughtily. " The woman has not been here. Let that suffice." Tho bailiff turned his blood-shot eyes upon his son. "You have not seen her, Jason?" he exclaimed. "No. What's up? What has sho stolon ?" asked Jason Hadd, astonished at his father's excitement, as well as at his unexpected appearance. Tho bailiff paid no heed to these questions. " If she has not arrived she soon will," he declared. " She may have travelled by the same train with me. I must have outstripped her by the road. This is better than I expected." ; He calmed himself by an effort, and inquired — " Are my men here yet — the fellows who came with the horses ?" Jason replied in tho affirmative. " They are in tho kitchen, I suppose," said Hadd. " I must see them." Without waiting for a reply, ho made his way to the kitchen. After a brief consultation with the men ho re turned to the parlor, his excitement abated. " My arrival was rather abrupt," lie observed, with a disagreeable smile. " The fact is, I have spoilt a day of great anxiety and excitement. I am most terribly hungry, Miss Rosamond, having eaten nothing to-day. Would it he too much trouble to order mo a little supper — a bit. of cold meat— anything ?" "I "will order it," said Miss Wil- cfiester, coldly. She withdrew to the dining-room. Sir- Archy immediately followed her. "Well,- what is it?" demanded the younger Hadd, on finding himself alone with his father. " It is 110 light matter that has brought you here so unexpectedly. Is this talk about tho old woman merely a blind, or has sho really stolen something ?" "She has really stolen something,'' replied tho bailiff, with a groan. " AVhat has she stolon — your hooks — papers i» The bailiff moved to and 'fro, ex citedly. " Worse ! worso !" he ejaculated. " Worse ? What can bo worso?" . The bailiff looked around him cau tiously, drew nearer to his son, and whispered — " You havo heard the story of the Buried Legacy V' " The Buried Legacy 1" "Yes, the fortune hidden by the first Lady Bosamond Wilchester ! You are certainly familiar with the story — how the Lady Rosamond, con ceiving herself in danger of being robbed while hor son was away from England, caused her jewels, which her first husband had looted in India, to be secreted somewhere in the old Gray Tower ?" ' " I have certainly heard some such legend," assented Jason Hadd; "but what has that to do with your' hurried journey?" " I will tell you. The Lady Rosa mond died without disclosing the hiding-place of her treasure. Her descendants have looked for it, but 110b so thoroughly as I would have done, for noneof them would have needed it until Sir Archy, and he has not dared to make an open search for it. For years I have laid my schemes to possess that treasure. I have dreamed of it sleeping and waking. It has occupied a pro minent place in my plans. The owner ship of the Towers — the alliance with tho Wilchesters — the recovery of the buried treasure — I have schemed for these alike ! And now — and now " He made a furious gesture, and re-' sumed his fierce walk. " And now ?" " For months I have kept up an occasional night search of the ruined tower — for months I have watched Sir Arohv carefully, lest he should outwit me in tiffs thing. I hurried him and his daughter up to this desolate region that I might have a clear field. Tnen, hastening to improve my opportunity, I began a thorough search. The night before last I worked alone in the vaults of the Tower. All day yesterday, after you loft home, I worked without rest ing. And last night I was at it again." " And had your labor for your pains, of course." The bailiff paid no attention to this remark, continuing his fierce walk, as he said — , " I11 my. excitement, I forgot that old Bettine, lived in the ruined toiror. If I had thought of her I should not havo taken alarm, for she is feeble and deaf. It would have been easy to dis pose of 'her. Tho tower had been examined thoroughly, the bricks paving the hearth had more than once been taken up, but tho idea seized me to take them up again. I worked hours at the task, piling the bricks in a heap. I finished at last without having found anything. As I tossed tho last brick angrily upon the others, the pile toppled over and foil to the floor with a crash. And at the same moment, as I held the lantern above my head one of tho bricks fejl apart, and a yellow slip of paper dropped from a crevice within it. I stood for a moment stupefied. ' My search was re warded at .last — that slip of paper held the secret of the hiding-place of the treasure." " Well," cried Jason. Hadd, breath lessly, as tho other paused, groaning. " In: the midst of my stupefaction— before I could stir — a tall figure, dressed- in white, flew past me, caught up the . paper, uttered ail exultant laugh and dashed past me again, hurl ing the light from my hands. When I recovered myself I was alone, and there was no trace of the strange visi tant." " Strange," said the younger Hadd, in amazement. " Did you not search fer him ?" . "Search? I fairly ransacked the tower. And at last I wont to old Bettine's room and routed her up. She came to tho door, ten times as helpless and as deaf as usual. Sho seemed to havo beon just awakened from her sleep. I questioned her, but sho com pletely befooled me, and I loft her at last, convinced that sho knew nothing of what had happened. I .went away half persuaded that the figure in white was the ghost of the Lady Rosamond, Yet the more I thought of it the more I was dissatisfied, and I went back to Bettino's room about daybreak. Hor door was locked. I broko it in. She was gone — old red cloak, mob cap and all — gone." "Gone!" repeated Jason Hadd, feebly. " Yes, and left not a trace behind. I comprehended that she had watched me — that she had played the ghost — that she had stolen the slip of , paper on which is written the secret of the Buried Legacy. I hurried over to tho village. As I had suspectod she had left Wilchester by the earliest train — a slow one — and had booked horsolf for Corburnspath. Sho has tho paper in her keeping. She will bring it to Sir Archy. Hark! Is Hot that tho sound of wheels ?" They both listened intently. "No, it is not tho wind," said tho bailiff. I drove fast from the station, despite tho roughness of the road. She must be near, though. I have stationed my men — the two who were in the kitchen — at the lower end of the lane, with ordors to stop hor approach. One is to hold her captive whilo the other comes for mo." "But if she should come 011 foot?" suggested Jrtson Hadd. " She will not. Sho is too old to walk, and too feeble to face the Strong wind. The paper will soon be in my hands, nnd I will start for home in tho morning. To toll the truth, Jason, I don't lilco my new clerk. He's altogether too woll-named to suit me. How Elliger camrf to recommond him so highly, I can't see." " Why don't you lilco him ?" Tho bailiff frowned as he an swered — " I believe ho pries into my affairs. I think my private papers and letters have been tumbled over in my absences. My housekeeper says that he was up all last night in my study, and sho heard tho frequent rattling of papers. I feel somehow as if ho were a spy on me. Yesterday I entered tho study unexpectedly, and he had no spectacles on. Ho put then# on directly, 'muttoring something about cleaning them, but not before I caught a glimpse of his eyes. They looked strangely . familiar to me. They reminded me somehow,'' he added, hesitatingly, "of Mark Wilchester, who is in India — Rosamond's brother, you know." " Captain Wilchester wouldn't 'feel flattered to hear that I10 resembles that seedy old Sharp," said Jason Hadd. " Don't say so before Miss Wilchester. She would't" like it." " I don't like the idea of leaving Sharp with full possession of the books and so 011 for two or throe days, as I am doing," said .the bailiff, fretfully. " I have too much at stake.. But my housekeeper will watch him closely. He must be all right, though. Elliger recommended him as being just what I wanted." ' " Of course he's all right,1' said the younger Hadd. "You are fretting yourself about nothing. We must keep to the business in hand. We must gain possession of that paper. Strange the old woman don't come ! When did her train reach Corburns path ?" " Not at all. Didn't I tell you she went in a sltv train to the nearest junction, and there changed ? I traced her half-way, 'to. a station at which she got ,out for refreshments. There I lost her. It is possible that at that point she might have slipped into my own train! The station- master at Corburnspath had not seen hor. Yet I am persuaded that she would not loiter on her way. She is devoted to the Wilchesters, and will not rest until she has placed that paper in their hands. Let us go out on the porch and listen. We may hear the sound of an approaching cab, or see one of the men coming to tell mo that she is captured." They crossed the hall, and went out on the porch together. Meanwhile, Sir Archy and Rosa mond, in the dining-room, were in dulging in vain conjectures as to the cause of the bailiff's unexpected visit. Neither of them had failed to remark Hadd's nervousness and excitement, and they interpreted his emotion favorably to themselves. Anything t.hnli enukl' aff'eec the' ballill' unplea santly promised good fortune to them selves. "Perhaps it's something about Mark," suggested Rosamond. " Ho may have discovered that Mark is in England, and at Wilchester- in dis guise." "It may be so," returned tlie baronet. " I do not quite believe that old Bettine is the cause of his anxiety or his journey. What can that poor old woman have stolen from him ? His story is incredible. He has some other motive. I do not quite like the look of affairs, Rosamond. We are in an unpleasant- position, to say tho least. He has his son and those two men under his control. You and I are completely at their mercy, if he should ' choose to exert his power. There is nothing too bad for him to do. I' wish — I wish — — " . He stopped abruptly as there came a low tapping at the window pane. "It is a branch of the rose-bush, papa," said Rosamond. " The shutters have not been closed." The low tapping on the glass sounded again. " That is a knock made by a human hand," exclaimed tho baronet. " Who can it be ? One of Hadd's men ?" Both looked towards the window. At the same moment they beheld a face pressed .against the glass — the wild, white face, framed in cap and hood, of an old woman. " It's somo poor houseless creature, papa," said Rosamond. "I will let her in." She moved to the window and opened it, "admitting the strange visitor. As the reader has surmised, tho new-comer was old Bettine. Father and daughter recognised her in amazement. " Bettine !" , ejaculated the baronet. " How is this ? Why are you hero ?'' Bettine leaned against the wall, faint and exhausted, unable to reply. And at the same instant the bailiff and his son were heard approaching the dining-room. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 