I INGENIOUS )DEVICES 0L' THE SHIOPLIFTERS. (a.w ronIcK wvon.) "JEvery vestige of the old-fashioned 'kick' bus disppeared," said a detective to ane the other day when I requested his views regarding a certain phase of metropolitan life. The shoplifter's " kick" is the technical name of the capacious bag or nocket she who prefers to " buy" when the clerk has his back turned has concealed under her cloak, or, rather, sewed to the same on the left sido, or which men have under the left coat tail. It is not by reason or an edict of ]lean r M'Allistcrthatthe old "'kick" isgoingoutof use, but because section 50S of the penal code makes it a criminal offence for any one to Shave it in his or her possession. It is both in sorrow and in angir that shoplifters are !parting with it h;but the " cops" having "got on " toit, it had to go, for it stood as I conclusive proof against its owner. From several store detectives I learned that the methods used in " workingr" the old " kick" had become so wall.known to them, oand to saleegirls that shoplifters saw the I necessity of keeping pace with a progressive age. So a more convenient contrivance was potten up. It is called a "hoisting kick." This consists of a regular dress skirt, so far as appearance goes, covered by an apron ovcrskirt, which is short and can be raised easily. stOW TiOl TRICK WAS DONE. In the front of the underskirt is a wide vertical slit, which is but the opening to the immense bag which the underskirt consists t of, it going around the entire body and down I to the heels. This was found more con } oenient than the side "kick," from the fact a thatit necessitated less movement andamotion that arousedlittle suspicion. Thethief weould stand closeto a counter where small articles f are exposed, generally lace or silk handker chiefs or stockings. She would take one in her hands, examine it, hold it on edge in front of her, call for something else, and while the salesgirl had her back trnedwould slip it into the slit. As the "kick " is made of paper muslin the stolen article would slip down easily. Should the thief miss the aper tire-a rare occurrence, for they are persons of norve-the article would fall on the floor, I and the thief would pick it up, replace it on' the counter, and claim that it was an acci dent, which in reality it was. This worked well until several shopliftoer using this "kick" "were arrested anid searched, which exposed.the whole think; and now there are few of them in existence.: So the evildoer's genius had again' to be called into requisition, and a woman who was arrested in a Sixth Avenue store showed how she had improved on that style. She woroa beautiful flounced dress, covered with a short apron overskirt, draped and caught up here and there in such a way, as to form natural.looking puffs. This went around the entire body, and a little to the right was a pocket, rendered absolutely invisible by the drapery. When searched an Incredible amount of articles of all sorts, stolen from different stores, were found in the under skirt. A detective told me that a notorious shop. lifter was once caught who had.'in her "kick" two pieces of lace of 25 yards each, worth 29dol. a yard ; two pairs of silk stock inags, one silk and one lace handkemhief, a piece of scented soap, and aBrumagem scarf pin worth 48 cents, all of which sheh-bad stolen in various stores in Sixth Avenue. And, strange to say, it was the cheapeat of the articles whichl betrayed her-the cake of soap, valued at 18 cents. Another was?nught with f1 yards of silk, valued at 120 dollars, in her " kick. TIMr nANDDOX Ma?ix. Another clover device which was gotten up almost contemporanecusly with the "kick" was the elastic band box. It was made like a gentleinan's hat box, of card board, the cover being held close to the boxby two elastic bands in the interior of the box. The pur. loiner would place the bandbox on a counter containing articles that had captured her fancy, especially where there were few sales girls. She would call for certain cheap articles which would cause the salesgirl to turn her back to the purchaser. The shop= ,lffterwoulhLthen lift.the coyeS, of.oherbox, 'with one hand;'throw in as many' articles as she could take hold of, and by means of the elastic bands the cover would be instantly and automatically closed, learing no trace of the rabbery. This contrivance was so deceptive by reason of its innocent appearance and raison d'tire, so'.to speak, and worked so admirably that it was a long time before the detectives "caught on," and many thousand dollars' worth of artleles were stolen by this means before an arrest was made. The first capture was caused by a salesgirl at a lace counter in a Twenty-third street store. She had not seen the shoplifter put anything into the bandbox, but had been attracted by the singular manner in which the cover was closed- apparently of itself. She notified a floor walker. The woman was called into a private room, accused, and searched, and in the bandbox were articles enough to start a miniature country fancy goods store. Amon st other things, she had 13 scarfs, an inklstand, a idear.holder, and a dice.box, stolen from different stores. which showed that her tastes extended over a wide field. Well, the bandbox has had a brilliant but otmparatively brief career, and few arrests were caused by its nec, but those that were made. oceurrea within a few days, and the workers of the contrivance saw that the game was up, and gave up the ghost. There is no recordof any having been used recently. TIlE SATCiEL OASr. This was in time succeeded hby simplor trick, one that has long been worked with euccess, because it ereates no suspicion. It is the satchel game, Although store detco tives sur it is comparatively dormant just now, it was extensively worked during the holidays, and will be in fell blast when the e spring season opens. These are used for stealing pocketbooks as well as goods. They .are, in' appearance, like ordinary hand i satchels, but they open and close by means of a spring. The thief's right hand .presseso a button, and the left, wiilch is always un f gloved, does the rest. It is by this means t that pocket-books are oftenest stolen in crowded dry goods stores, and this has served to make trouble for many salesgirls. The pickpocket (for such he or she is) generally iworks with a confederate. She h first espies a wonman with a pocketbook in her hand--nd they are legion. She will follow that woman in the geuesally gratified expec tation that she will ero long deposit it oa.tho Scounter where she stops to examine goods. t The,.thief will crowd near ande natch the 'pcketbook in a twinkling at the firsat oppor 1 tmity anud pass it to the confederate, who dlsappears and has not been noticed near. The real thief can renmaiu beside the victim with safety, as, should aba be arrestead, anothing can be found on her. ' A short time nago ne of the clevrerest e satchel workers, well'known at headquarters , as "The Madamc," was caught in a Sixth avenue store with two stolen pocketbooks. p She dropped themn on the floor when accused. t They were recovered, and as it wes doubtful Sif a case could be made against her, she was t lot go. She cnano again shortly afterwards I and stole a pocketbook containing a 'large Samtnount of money belonging to the wife of a Sdirector oa the ltudson Riive'r Rilroad, who , shrunk from the publicity a proasention would hard entailed, and "The Madame ' Sagain escaped. She now gives' the store a t wide berth, however. ' . A fino.looking bloundle, known to thebo police as " Big Grace,"nnd whose'plctire adorms Inspector Byrnes'a colleotion, in another elever satahel fiend, whbre oleverness nd "swell '.' . appearance long hticdil the detedtives,. ?Slhe had a pal (faggie fi-- ), with whom she Worked.this game successfu[lly for a long Stime until they both came to grief. THliE VEiRY TeST. - ' As the best inventions are generally the simplest, so are the latest and most enocessul nmethodls of shoplifting. There are three. Onelis done by ians of the clohink known as d the Connemarn. This is made somowhat Slike a circular. It is a long, loose cloak, d covering even' the hatnds.. It esusbles Sthe tbhief not' oily to' steal with a greater Sdegree of safety, 'hut also to caonaeal -her booty.; All she has to do is to get sear a crowded conoter, throw the 'edge of 'her vioult partly over the article she covers, lher hand uaderneeath the cloak, talte t orticlo, stop bacr, and hold it in her hand. Unless ese is cauglt in the not she cannot be arrested or even suspected. Auother is tilll simpler. Tho thiof lays her lhandkerchief carelessly on some smaull article lse wants to steal, feigns a desire to buy something else, is not suited, and while the sales-girl replaces the good, on the shelf the thief picks up hoe booty with her handker. chief. If she should happen to he caught, she naturally claime that she did not know she had tIleo stolen setirlo in her possession. The third one is worked by means of a handlbangcontaining twine and wrapping paper. This bha is carried in the ldft hand, and filled with whatever goods the shoplifter can secure. Then she will go into the toilet. room, orsome side street, take out the goods, paper, end twine, wrap them up in a neat parcol, and try again or go away un. molested. 'TIr.c .a:0ThcEo. Another recently- gotten-up scheme is being worked on stores which permit well-known customers to open accounts. A well-dressed and refined-lookiog young lady recently went into a Sixth avenue store, saying that she was the daughter of lire. - (I have the name, but will omit it). Mlrs. - was a wealthy customs ~ whom she must have seen buy on credit, and noted the address and name. The girl bought 65dol. worth of silk, which abe wanted to take with her. The salesman told her it was customary to require references or identifica tion from parties unknown to them. Did she know any one in the nelghbourhood who could identify her? No. She had just come out of boarding-school. The salesman con-. suited with the superintendent, and it was - agreed to let her have the goods, when by accident it was discovered that she had given two different addresses. Nothing daunted. ohe acknowledged her mistako, and said the first address was the right one. How stupid of her! But she was. unused to the city, and had another address in her mind. Becoming auspicious, the salesman said the rules of the store would require him to send the goods. "Oh, very well. Perhaps it would be' more estisfactory to you, come to think of it," she said, "and it will suit me just as well, if I only get them by 7 o'clock this evening." The goods were sent to the address given. The next day Ifrs. - went to the s'ore with the goods, saying she had not ordered them, and nae& for an explanation. '.Inves-' tigation revealed that "the girl just out of boarding school" had purchaeod many other articles at other counters which she had taken with her. ice rarrirY "rP.gTNrIroTEEa. Bat perhaps the cleverest of all shoplifters' tricks is the pennyweighter" game. It is known but to few, and practised by a still' smaller number, for it is a difficult one. It has been most successfully worked by a pretty little blonde with a baby face, blue eyes, 'curl, hair, and the general appearance of a bewithingsonubrette. Her prooesionalnamo is "Little Scotty." She came to grief in Boston, and was given thres years. Her mode of working is to go to a jowellery store and ask to be shown loose diamonds on a tray. She pretends to be very shortsighted, and bends over and very close to the tray, examining the diamonds through an eye.glass. She exposes her left hand so as not to 'be suspected, and at a propitious moment drops a ono-carat diamond into the' tray, and with her tongue, on the point of which she has pulverised alum, she licks up a two- caratdiamond. She cannot find the exnet counterpart of the one she wants to. match (which she has not with her) and goes into another store, where she exchanges her two-cart diamond in a similar manner for a thres.earat, and so on ad iieNitioens. When she was caught she had started with with a onoecarat diamond and had reached sixand a half carats, making three or four hundred dollars in a few hours. As To rLEPIO)A.tIrA. Store detectives say that there are com paracively few professional shoplifters in this city now, and once they are caught they disappear-as soon as the law pernmts-and never return. They go to other cities., They,, snayathat supposedly reepectable ?nmen. ow gjive. them mere troilble tham thinveli. It,'. requires much more skill and discrimination. to handle them, lest they might aceuse an innocent person. They scout the theory:of kleptomania, and say that not one woman in a thousand who steals does so inadvertently. Physiologists, however, contend that there is such a thing as kleptomania, which they describe as a species of mental derangement coming under the head of "volitional in sanity." It is, they say, an inability to exert, the will in accordance with the intellect. Although this theory would seem to be sustained by the fact that wealthy women haveo frequently been oaught shoplifting, store detectives say that inquiries have re vealed the fact that such women were not given the allowance of m'oney by their hus bands that would enable them to dress as well as they wished to be. A woman was anught stealing a 19 cent. knife in a' Fourteenth street store one day, who wore 5,000dol. or 6,000dol. worth of diamonds. 'But she turned out to be a professional thief. I found out, to my astonishment, that there are comparatively few of our large. stores who employ detectices, the majority of them.trmaining their eale.agirlsand floor. walkers to do that work. Still, 1 found one which, besides having a man detective, also.. employed a woman, who mixes amenr. customers in full street costume. Not all store thieses are caught, and those who are captured are not always prosecuted. And this entails a loss to each first-olass store which runs up into thousande, and which has a place in the "profit and loss" account. 