Wlu pkgs. PUBLISHED DAILY. I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list " TO COltlthSrO.VDKNTS Letters and other communications intended for insertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR Rejected letters cannot be returned under) clr (.urastum.es whatever Cor rest Kind cuts art mlv I used to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly No notice can he taken of anon\mousconimun.c> tions Even letter must be accompanied by the turned and add rest of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons in terested, we have to request that all business com- munication., including advertisements, o rd ors for the paper, and remittances be addressed to Wtusos' and MACKINNON, and not to East one Payments by post office order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige SATURDAY, S&HaM; MÙR 5, M)1. There are some incidents which all families (and it Convenient to ignore. A household compact is arrived at to say nothing about them. So it is, it would seem, with the Radical party in Victoria and the resolution almost unanimously arrived at by the Victorian farmers, in their recent conference, condemning the principle of one man one vote ; con- demning also the plural franchise so called, and adopting instead the principle now known as the " dual vote." This is a phenomenon so surprising to the party in question as to cause it to be smitten with the silence either of disgust or of consternation. It never seems to have been anticipated that the farmers would venture to think for themselves, and would decline to be puppets to dance in obedience to the wire-pullers. To approve of the action of the farmers' representatives is impossible for these good people. To break with the farmers is dangerous, and so a refuge is sought in an ignoble silence, in the hope, possibly, that the " unrest " of the farmer will pass by. It may be questioned, however, whether the discontent of the farmer with the principle of the Progressive Labour League, or whatever the Trades hall organisation may be called, will die out. leather there are solid reasons for expecting that it will grow and grow. It is evident that the settlers are grasping the idea that the programme in question means their political extinction in Victoria. They see that, as the programme of the Progressive League puts it (the Progress Backwards League it should be termed), the " one man one vote " is equivalent to saying that one man is entitled to equal voting power with another, and that consequently the next step must be to establish equal electoral districts " We expect," say the Trades Hall leaders, "that the Government will " give us the ' one man one vote ' pim " ciple this year, and we will see to it that we obtain equal electoral " districts the year afterwards " That is to say, there is to be an end of the present arrangement under which territorial interests are considered as well as individuals to-day in the scattered 'Tambo district, 7,ri00 people retain a representative, but 13,00 people will be required in Collingwood, South Melbourne, and Richmond to scan a member, and naturally the advocates of equal voting power declare that this arrangement is simply monstrous and indefensible What, they say, is the use of respecting a man to one vote if you give him a double voting power? Why, they ask, is a man, because he lives on the top of Mount Van am 0r on the banks of the Upper Mitchell, entitled to a larger electoral privilege than the man who lives on Hotham Hill, North Melbourne, or near the wash of the Lower Yarra. On Trades hall principles the scheme in question stands self condemned, and yet, as MC venture to submit, the condemnation reflects not on the scheme, but on the Trades-hall principle 'to take the Tambo, for instance, it is ridiculous to say that a country with an area nearly equal to Switzerland, and with large and varied interests, is only to have one half of the representation which small compact city words such as -Richmond, Collingwood, and Fitzroy enjoy The Collingwood artisan can go to the poll on his way to his work, and can cast his ballot without the smallest personal inconvenience, whereas with a country election the voting means often the sacrifice of an entire day at a busy season in the towns 80 or 90 per cent of the electors may go to the poll in the country it is found difficult as a rule to get much more than 50 to 60 per cent The country electors are handicapped heavily by circumstances and the country constituencies would go to the wall if they were not allowed certain necessary advantages, so that the more the farmers look into the question the more it will become impossible for equal voting power to find favour in their eyes they will see that those of their members who are induced to support the Trades hall cry of " one man " one vote," on the plea that the agita turn is to stop there, are being merely decoyed into a tin ap The official programme of the Progressive (Backwards) I about League is evidence that this is only a pi luminary to depriving the country districts of territorial representation i IM I ' ' ' But about 2 and boyWid tins ther is happily evidence that the settlers eye Victoria are beginning to realise that; a system of representation which is based upon a count of noses is incomplete The bottom principle, the bed rock of society, is that Government exists to protect persons and property, and if so then it follows that neither the one interest for the other' ought to be ignored many just scheme of representative government All men of respectable character are entitled as such to vote under this rule, even if they have no settled or permanent interest in the colony, but it by no means follows that men of reputable character who have a settled and permanent interest in the colony should be restricted to that one vote-that is to say, should have no more electoral weight than the man who can put his effects into a port manteau and can be off to morrow if by misgave moment the colonels exposed to an serious and 'the farmers are evidently getting a ,g|jtp of this view of the question, and it is highly satisfactory that they are No plurality of votes, in the usual acceptation of the, term, is asked for" It is not! proposed to make any distinction between rich and poor It is merely said that the house of the farm owner who has supplied evidence of his intention to share in the good or the ill fortune of the state, and who has, so to speak, given his personal guarantee to the public creditor, should have a second vote, as distinguished from the wall and the sea) The man may be either a small or a large freeholder He may " tall the smiling landscape all his own, ' or he may be the proprietor only of a suburban cottage Under the system of the dual vote no distinction would be made, but nth and poor would be placed on an equal footing, so that it cannot be honestly said that any violation is done to democratic surroundings If democracy is so pin blind and so devoid of common sense as not to see the difference between the man who has settled down to fight the battle of lift in a particular state, who has given hostages to fortune, and the man who is a mere bud of passage, so much, sooner or later, the vi of so for democracy, but those are no more HIL true friends of the democratic those who would place it in this false position than the Man als and the &t; lusts of the last century were the fine friends of liberty) In any case we may shrewdly suspect that a good man members see more don I) to thy than they did a month ago that there is more in the question of electoral reform than the mere making of better provision for a to the count of noses Otu electoral system is admittedly imperfect It unduly favours the professional land-jobber on the one hand and the gutter buds of society on the other, and it excludes from their due weight the workers who are building up the colony But the Government measure merely panders to a ei), and cannot be legal tied as an honest offer t to grapple with the problems of a difficult situa- lion To the settler in dry, parched lands, who is wanted with looking at skies that appeal to be burnished into an yielding hairiness, the mere report that the steel like rigidity of the dry atmosphere can be melted into rain must be of exceedingly great interest. The experiments torpedoing rain which have been made in Kansas-a state that is liable tofrequontdroughts-seom to have been attended by such an amount of success that the land owners in parts of Mexico, where rain is hardly known, are proposing to make tests for them- selves Tins scheme which is now being tried is based upon an idea that has often been discussed During the Franco German war it was noticed that a rain fall followed almost immediately, after most of the important battles As in every important engagement during that campaign there was an immense cannonade, owing to the fact that artillery was used on a larger scale and in a different fashion than had ever been known before, there were many men who came to the natural conclusion that the rain might have been precipitated by the widespread vibration throughout the atmosphere, which was caused by the constant firing of many heavy guns. The theory is plausible enough. But, as a long day's cannonading in order to produce a single shower of rain would be even more expensive than the Victorian irrigation works, nothing practical care of the matter. Mr. EDWARD POWERS, however, a civil engineer belonging to Chicago, has been working for some time on a scheme for producing a violent concussion of the air by means of dynamite loaded balloons, which can be exploded at a high range above the earth's surface. In support of his theory he has made an analysis of the meteorological conditions which have accompanied the great campaigns that have been waged in recent years. As a result of his researches he maintains that most of the important battles which were fought during the American Civil War were followed by rain. Going further back, he cites instances in the Year between the United States and Mexico where. rain fell immediately after a sustained artillery fire although under the ordinary climatic conditions there was apparently a drought. This is the main evidence which has been adduced in favour of the artificial production of rain. Mr. POWERS certainly refers to the Napoleonic wars, but his information regarding their effect upon the weather is meagre, and he pleads that, as meteorology was not a science in those days, the data for forming an opinion were not recorded. The available evidence, therefore, is limited to three campaigns. But, omitting all notice of earlier wars, and looking only at the events which Mr. POWERS records, it is by no means proved that concussion in the atmosphere will necessarily or always produce rain. For two months in the year 1864 there was daily fighting in the Shenandoah Valley, and yet, General HAYES, YVIIO was on the spot at the time, declares that the season was one of drought, and the record most favourable to Mr. POWERS'S theory shows that the rain was scanty. Admitting, therefore, that there have been campaigns attended only by a slight rainfall, the evidence leads only to a , partial and imperfect conclusion. In many cases a violent cannonade is followed by a greater or smaller amount of rain, which may descend in torrents or in slight showers. And, further, it must be pointed out that the evidence is not as definite as it ought to be Tunley Mr. POWERS does not prove. tlitVfc"the average rainfall was much increased during the years of war., His "Information, indeed, is largely taken from officers' desire., altlioiiglniit, must be evident that the Yvet whistles a discomfort to a soldier sleeping on the ground may be simply the result of a shower that the farmer would regard as slight and unsatisfactory. The evidence, however, was deemed sufficient to warrant an experiment. And after some years of argument and agitation the United States Congress was prevailed upon to pass a vote for experiments with explosive balloons. The trials ¡ seem to have been successful in some , degree, but the accurate and detailed , , accounts, made by competent observers, are not yet to hand. Every atmosphere, of course, how- over dry it may appear to be, contains a certain amount of moisture. But ! Mr. POWERS holds the specific J theory,, í_í4 i, in the dry districts of America, i the higher altitudes of the atmosphere are filled with currents of moisture -that' flow from the Pacific Ocean to the Atlantic. If these, then, 'can' be interchanged, he argues that the Vkinfall, Yviiicii SLOW passes over Kansas, and is ultimately discharged on the eastern seaboard or into the ocean, would be poured upon the hot and dusty plains of that state. Such a theory can only be tried by experiment. Like a multitude of balloon experiments, it may be a failure ; while, on the other hand, we must admit that it is not altogether improbable or fantastic. But whatever its success may be in the localities where it is now tried there is the one important fact to be borne in mind, that no concussion or cannonade or explosion can create rain, and that the utmost to be expected is only to produce rain where the moisture in the atmosphere is of sufficient density to be precipitated in the form of rain by the comparatively slight explosion of a balloon. We can hardly argue from Kansas to Australia. In these latitudes there is, for instance, a considerable difference of pressure between the continent of Asia and the interior of Australia. The winds therefore come largely from the north, and they pour their moisture on the islands of the Archipelago and on the sea coast, and when they reach the interior the moisture that they absorbed train the sea is almost completely exhausted. Have we any reason to be a lieve that moisture is carried without loss at a higher altitude, and that it could be condensed by a violent explosion? in the Darling district it is found that a thunderstorm, which creates a more violent concussion than any balloon could cause, does not produce a single drop of rain. There are the flashes of lightning, the rumbling, the darkened sky, and the result is no more than clouds of of dust, which obscure the lands, or are whirled into the forms of' bills" J. that move across the country. Even .. in places where the atmosphere í is much more heavily charged {. with moisture, a thunderstorm ii J sometimes accompanied merely by a A leVy drops of rain. At the outside, is therefore, it is only possible to say that a concussion of the atmosphere may pi e ', cipitate a rainfall whole and when the conditions are favourable. This result, however, if it could be brought about, would be an immense advance. Careful legislation is not so abundant nowadays that a word of praise need a rendered to the bill for amending the ; Local Government Act brought in by Sir. WHEELER. The member for Daylesford a knows his subject, and he has not been above taking great personal pains with his work Ofcoin-so-lioroivillbeftgrcutdilier- at once of opinion as to the details. Among it, the good clauses is one authorising the i Commissioners of Savings Banks to invest , money in the purchase of debentures | of municipalities, a provision which UM | hitherto been conspicuous by its aid a sonce. We have often urged that an arrangement to allow the people s savings to be invested in the local securities ought to be made, and the wonder is that the inform should have been so long do 1,1 eil Í ho delicate question of the chimnies to be recovered from the casuals through failure in follow tion of roads and streets seems to be equitably settled On the one hand the connells ought not to be allowed testing the consequences of ill) negligence on then put, "'"1 on the other hand it is not to the public interests that the lot ii bodies should be subjected to trumped up actions There are, however, several more points Thus clause 21 provides that only three joint owners or occupiers of Pt sports will be played up in the citizens toll in the city of Melbourne and the the way of Geelong in respect to the no party in question said the question at once suggests itself vi Hotham the city of Melbourne and the town of Geelong have asked for this change Then clause by fixes the amount of the industry d on dow ment at £450,000, and makes the endowment i special appropriation, instead of as at present, an annual vote to proposition in the bill is more like) to find farm than this, and yet none is moielmuUo justify the colony is in financial trouble, and consequently this is by no means the time when this heavy subsidy to private property should be made as the bill says, perpetual " The subsidy paul i four years ago was 319 000 and the additional £140,000 n w only laid out of the boom surplus, and it is a daniel ous put it) to agree that all boom Brants no to be in the permanent for dull times and good A of may have to an post direct to ditto. almost immediately, and there is something absurd in still siding' property on the one hand and t»tms.<=«fc on the other It may be submitted I that nothing should be than to take away from the Legislation is perfectly feet hand in dealing with the finances of the country, the vin ions subsidies intituled, is the financial exigencies of the situation may require the gambols of Colonel Surrey and his friends on the Bechervaise select com- mittee would be diluting if they were not so scandalous It is evident that the so called liquor has been multi taken for the express purpose of bringing the Public Service Board and the permanent head of the Postal department into disrepute with a new to damaging the Public Service Act It is possible to cause his organisation among a large body of men by belittling the boilers, and disorganisation in the service would play into the hands of Colonel Sviint and the other "dom boys " in Parliament who is not to have the net repelled It is well, therefore, to note what has passed in the committee-room since the doors have been forced open Colonel COUCHMAN, chairman of the Public Service Board, has been under elimination with Colonel Svunt this grand inquisitor and Mr Bl- is in use- as assistant, and he has been subjected 11 treatment such as the As Bimbil eouldnotlmvennticipatedwheii the committee was appointed As an ad ministration of the lan, Colonel COUCH MARS'. at least entitled to be addressed in terms of ordinary civility, htitdiq has, been restored and buUuttl b) {¡.ojonel billin mil addressed listen studied used lence li) Mr Bieenji.^Aisi, who up pears to be the especial, ]>io._ dump in As we write pFuviduSly said we do not propose to discuss the merits of this case uritil'ítíio report is furnished, but it is necessary to protest against the grossly unfair manner in ninth the pique) is being conducted IWliing could more clearly show the determination to carve out a case at all hazards against the non political system than this question asked by Mr stan. ii v USE -' U lion ) you do not offer promo 1 turn direct but advertise the vacancy), " have you iib cady agreed with the head of the department as to the office to " be appointed a ' Colonel COLCIWAN was entitled to be indignant when required to reply to such a question, but so far from having the sympathy and support of the c1) airman he was addressed in these manuring terms " The « thiess is in my) hands All) public servant coming home, honored ' high his position, must answer the " questions put ' All this is so vi oil calculated to rise no respect for the Public Service Board misses mii.dsj1df the civil servants Yet it is not' altogether to be regretted that CoopeR Slum should hand show lijjiHis hands of (HjOj Assembly will be tho_bojl¡9i able to assess the value of the river from hellion - ledge of the tactics sleepless to innkeeper evidence fit in vnth"liis'liiSc'oiicoivüd ideas in This present procedure and give us an opportunity of reminding the public of some of Colonel SMITH S OX efforts in connection with the Education department in the " good old times ' of political patronage The cable messages in making it more and more appin out that the great Eastern question is not dead and scarcely even sleepeth The news published regarding the Dohrudscha and the Dardanelles may be taken as indic city of of how speedily at an) moment events may ripen to a enters trophy The Dobiudsclm is a name familiar to those whose marriages go back to the Gun can win, for when a Bulgarian campaign was tim. contemplated the English and 1 reach troops marched into this district and there it was that chosen assailed them with deadly vehemence The three French divisions imderGeneialCvMtom HT, which operated in tins dish tct, reported at one time that no less than 10 000 men were dead or struck down by sickness Lien the fleet had to put to sea Thus the Dobi assess is a name of ill onion, not can it be satisfied that Russia desires the district for any but the one purpose of her ad vance on to the Moditoirnnotu Again, the closing of the Dardanelles to all vessels of mu has been the policy of Europe for a caution A, and that Russia, should 1 no the light and no other power, of passing an atom; thought, would be a revolution Whether the re sent negotiations between France and Russia have given rise to those reports mind is quite possible, as there is reform of anxiety to know what the negotiations really mother of whether such proposals literally followed as a result of the arrangement remains to be seen, but if the latter is the true state of the case the situation is likely to gain more and mine serious. It can i caddy be under stood ihitLoid Susman. has indicated as a preliminary) that no attempt on the part of Russia i to an i of the means that the British occupation of Lj) pt ii ill becomes permanent-and more than that would 'appear Iii, or Minted propose made '.) the Czar NICHOL is with regard >° the inn i n n i r the sick man. liihtntauct was that Russia should take 'Uni ci, Iiylimd I _,)[)t wiTiuieo Sea and the Hill Places till and would retain ] 0) pt no doubt if empire odious i tom ltd but by no litmus follows that she would surrender the Dardanelles to the northern power » n is 11 he lim ne in mind that the Din 5 miles n pi events one of those situations in which a sum naval power with a small but efficient army em net with a minimum if ticket It 1 England eau should) interfere man) part of 1 rope was then and there it is that she has tnesuoii0est reasons for interference The revenue returns for the past month "mount 11 10 0 ron as a, mist a sum of a' sailor August of last year shows,! a "sense of LU2 1st in with us for the first two months of the present financial 'T amount to li .ÜS2J0 as at miss USER, for t|,L corresponding period of 'last year showing a deficiency of things in! Customs revenue alone for the two months shown an excess of STOOD IIB secured with out of last year which is to be attributed to the large quantities of spirits town out of bond just prior to the delivery of the Budget speech. The principal deficiency is shown in the railway accounts. The cable business witty the reduced rates continues to be satisfactory. The Postmaster General has been furnished with a return showing the amount and the value of business done last month, and with a statement comparing the business done since the centre eliii'tionof'now rates with the business of the months preceding that period, 1911! when the old rates were in force, '('lie , reduced rates came into operation in May last, and the number of words transmitted from Victoria up to the end of last month was 8(i,»l8, as against -15,020 words transmitted during the four preceding months when the old rates were charged. The receipts for the period from May to August amounted to ±.17,.|(!", while the receipts for the period from January to April, owing to the very much higher charges, amounted to ¿'¿0,3C»0. The monthly average of words transmitted from January to April was 11-13, valued ntËiï,0!IO, and for the period from May to August was 21,507, valued at l,3.Ï. The new rates have, therefore, increased the business at the rate of 10,102 words a month, or S'J'l per cent., while the falling off in the receipts is only on the average about £721 a month, or at the rate of 1923 per cent. The bill which has been introduced by the Government in the Legislative Assembly to create a committee of public accounts has been circulated. It provides that at the commencement of the first session of every Parliament a select committee of seven members maybe appointed, having power to inquire into and examine all matters connected with the public finances and to report thereon to the Legislative Assembly from time to time." Four members are to form a quorum. All heads of departments and officers in the public service, including the Railway department, are, whenever required, to give all information required by the committee; which may transact business at any time during the existence of the Parliament from which was appointed, and full minutes are to be kept of its proceedings. Any estimate on matter of public, account, or any. question of finance, may be referred to the committee, which shall, as soon as conveniently practicable, deal with any such matter, and report upon it. At the commencement of each session the committee will be required to make a general report to the Assembly of its proceedings, and whenever it thinks desirable it may millie a special report on any matter that has been inquired into. The committee will be endowed with full authority to move from place to place, to summon witnesses, and to compel the production of books and papers. Power is also given to the Governor in Council to make regulations for the convenience of the committee. A tender will shortly be accepted by the Public Works department for the extension of the main channel at the Koo-wee-rup Swamp for another mile and a quarter. A greater length of the channel would be under- taken but for a difficulty which has been experienced in carrying out the necessary survey. . When this portion of the work is constructed the drain will extend for six miles into the swamp. It is intended ultimately to make the channel 17 miles long. The Minister of Water Supply has sanctioned an advance of £250 to the Wimmera United..'' Irrigation Trust',' for the purpose of ensuring a supply of water for domestic pur- POses to rc^l^it-s-cß,'¡eulah during the sum mer months..' 'salary journey will be spent in 'this' cioiifVtniptionof drunk in the vicinity of the Yiiri-iumTiiat'l-'oVw)-,' which will be tested by means of an'-'dvctrliow pipe' from the creeks , -seasons 'le I - The Governor in- Council has approved of the following appointments : - Edward Sydney Whittakers and Donald Norman M'Leod to be lieutenants, on probation, in the Victorian Mounted Rifles ; Lieutenant Samuel Crisp, reserve of officers, to be deputy judge advocate to the Victorian Military Forces, with the relative rank of captain ; Captain Godfrey George Ilowy Irving, to be adjutant of the 2nd Victorian Regiment : Lieutenant William Hardinge Gregson, from the Victorian Mounted Rifles, to be lieutenant in the 2nd Victorian Regiment ; Captain Robert James Burrowes, from the Garrison Artillery, to be captain, reserve of officers. The special train which is to leave Geelong for the city ate CO p.m. today, and return from Melbourne at 11.50 p.m. will be at the service of the public both ways on payment of the usual passenger rates. The state nieiit¡puj'j¡8hee)|'¡ysler)ejay that the train had been engaged by Mr, W. J!. Wilson for the conveyance of a -theatre party from Geelong 'te/as made' writer "ni-liiscohfceptlon. Mr. ilWls'ífffintlwÁ-i'/,1 hWilrnihged with the de- 'p'ár-mt»rit for-tlm'nniil'níi'bf the train. '.-.T.be.'tr0_blft'-onie.enic3t*on of the reduction .i#llJ»!»fai-MW-s> which has haunted the members of the Marine, Board ever since that body came into existence nearly two years ago, has now been In fact to rest for some time to come. The board last year recommended that the charges of the sea pilots should be reduced by 15 per cent., and those of the harbour pilots by 10 per cent. Mr. Wheeler, the then Commissioner of Customs, airily replied that as federation was admitted to the close at hand, the matter might as well be left to the Federal Parliament to settle. His successor was asked for something more definite with the result that Mr. Turner went into the whole question in the most thorough- going fashion, and came to the conclusion that a reduction of 10 per cent, would be a fair thing for sea pilots, and that the charges of the harbour pilots ought to be left as at present, he added a condition which was practically to the effect that when this reduction had been made the board should cease to worry tile pilots for some time to come, either with reference to charges or to equipment, The board deliberated upon the Minister's reply at its meeting yesterday, and on the motion of Mr. R. li. held it was decided to accept Mr Turner's proposals as to the fees, but to decline to enter into any undertaking as to what the board would or would not do in the future. The reduction will take effect from the 1st January next. ; The examination of Captain F. Bell, ; of the s.s. Gambier, was continued yesterday at the investigation by the Court of, Marine Inquiry into the circumstances attending. the collision between that vessel and the ss. Easby on the 28th alt The witness stated that he ported his helm in order to keep to his own side of the West Channel, when he saw the Easby coming down. When the vessels were within 300 yards of each other, he hailed the Easby and put his engines full speed astern. Up to this point he did not believe that there was 11 risk of collision. In his opinion, he Intel complied with article 15, referring to the rule of the road, when ships meet and on or nearly end on, with article 19, referring to crossing ships, and with article 23, requiring that as soon as there is a risk of collision, approach- ing ships must stop or go astern. Mr. Stewart, who appeared for the captain of the Easby, in his examination of the witness sought to show that the ships were not ships meeting end on or nearly end cm" within the morning of the regulation, but were crossing ships. That being so, the master of the Gambier was bound to keep his vessel on her course, leaving it to the other steamer to avoid tier, whereas Captain Bell had ported his helm three times. He had also failed to comply with article 23, because he did not reverse his engines until the Easby was within 300 yards of the (countries. The inquiry will be continued to-day. At the meeting of the Charities Commission yesterday Mr.. W. Thomson, president of the Kyneton Hospital, who has also had large experience in connection with municipal matters, spoke strongly in favour of the imposition of a municipal rate for the support of local charities. He pointed out that the principle was recognised in allowing municipalities to contribute to charitable institutions, and to remit rates to persons in elistre'SH. Out of 1, (IN ratepayers in the Kyneton Shire emly 107 contributed £1 each, and 38 percent, of this sum was spent in collection. A rate of let in the £ of municipal property would produce double the amount, whilst it would compel all property owners to contribute. If the rate was extended over the whole district served by the Kyneton Hospital considerably less than a penny in the £ would suffice. Mr. Thomson advocated the rate not in the place of the Government endowment, but to replace private contributions. The council of the National Association at, their monthly meeting on Thursday last re -solved that the press should be asked to attend in future at the deliberations of the executive. The order in which the suburban public meetings should be taken was also considered, and it was decided to engage the Malvern Town-hall for Tuesday evening next,- and to visit Kew as soon as possible. Letters were read from the Bendigo agent reporting the formation of a strong provisional committee in that city, under the presidency of Dr. Hugh Boyd. Public meetings will be held both at Bendigo and Eaglehawk, by which means it is expected that large numbers of members will be enrolled and the formation of such agencies encouraged in adjacent districts. Letters expressing sympathy with the objects of the association continue to be received from the agricultural districts. The programme of the Victorian Farmers' National Union, Burramine, containing two clauses from the association's manifesto, was received with much pleasure by the executive as indicating the popularity of the movement in farming centres. The Chamber of Commerce is desirous of arranging a welcome entertainment for those men of the Australian auxiliary squadron by way of recognition of the fact that the ships are sent here for the protection of Australian commerce. The council of the chamber has therefore called a public meeting, to be held by the permission of the Mayor at the Town-hall on Monday afternoon, to organise a committee 'and,, make the necessary arrangements, it'. The City Council, at its ordinary meeting on Monday, will, upon the advice of the market committee, probably accept the tender of Mr. Angus M'Donald of £0,822 for the lease for 12 months, from the 1st inst., of the rents, tolls, and dues of-the Fish Market. The previous , lessee was Mr. Richard Meagher. and the price paid by him £5,702, so that the market will this year return £1,120 more than last year. A curious point, of special interest to Ministers of the Crown and to the officers of the state, was raised yesterday during hearing of the action for libel brought against Mr. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.C., late Minister of Justice, by Mr. George D. M'Cormick, police and licensing magistrate at Warrnambool. At the conclusion of the plaintiff's case, Mr. Purves, Q.C., and Mr. Isaacs claimed a new suit on the ground that Mr. Cuthbert, acting as he did, as, a Minister of the Crown, and writing on a matter of State, was absolutely privileged and could not be called to account in a court of law for libel. It was contended that a Minister of the Crown occupied an analogous position to a judge, a member of Parliament, or a commander in chief of the army, and that if he, as a Minister, wrote on a matter in respect of which he had a duty - and even if it were proved that he wrote it falsely and maliciously - he was absolutely privileged. It was urged that a Minister was responsible to Parliament, by whom he could be removed if he misused the powers entrusted to him. There had been no legal decision on the point either one way or the other, but there was a case of a negative character, quoted by Mr. Isaacs, in which it was held that, a Secretary of State was privileged unless it was proved that he acted dishonestly and corruptly. "'If that is the law," said Mr. Mitchell on behalf of the plaintiff, "it is a state of things which would not be tolerated by the people of this country for a moment." His Honour reserved this and other points, either for his own further consideration or for the Full Court. A daring criminal named George Gordon, alias Giles, was sentenced yesterday by Judge Hamilton to a long term of imprisonment for burglary. The prisoner had committed the offence at the house of Dr. Henry-, in Brunswick, and had made a very violent and desperate . resistance , when he was captured by Constable Reddin. he had been convicted on eight previous occasions of various crimes, and since 1872 had received sentences amounting on the whole to 19 years' imprisonment. His Honour, in passing sentence, said the prisoner was a hardened criminal of about 20 years' standing, who was reckless,' and ready to commit any crime. The sentence was 14 years' imprisonment with hard labour. Nominations for the position of honorary medical officers in connection, with the Women's Hospital were received by the committee of the institution yesterday as follows -For the intermarry and- out-door department Dr, Balls'-IleaeHoj-, Dr. Hooper, Dr. Meyer, Dr. O'Sullivan, and Dr. Rowan. For the midwifery' department-Dr. Both- well Adam, Dr.. Anderson, Dr. Macgibbon, Dr. Peacock, Dr. Fetherston, and Dr. Fetherstonhaugh. The election will take place on the 25th list. "Finding myself among the guests at the supper on the Lyceum stage on the last night of the season, and having the previous evening seen Henry Irving in The Bells' and Ellen 'Terry in 'Nance Oldfield,' I thought I would improve the occasion," writes Mr. R.' S. Smythe, by asking the popular actor-manager what he thought about an Australian tour. These champagne suppers, which mark the first and last nights of a Lyceum season, are agreeable reunions and a fresh visitor, who expects to meet a host of professionals, is disappointed. The company this time included a British field-marshal, Miss Terry's father and mother (still hale and hearty a lot of fashionable people, and a lot of literary and musical people, amongst the latter Dr. Mackenzie, principal of the Royal Academy of Music ; but with the exception of the two bright par . ticular stars of the evening and Miss Terry's handsome, clover son (Gordon Craig), there were no actors or actresses! Mr, Irving is the most courteous of managers, and telling one of the attendants to place a small titbits near the footlights, where we were least in the way of the other guests, and to bring some champagne, we sat down and discussed the probabilities of mi Australian tour. It is so much easier now to get eminent artistes to take an interest in the colonies than it was, even a twelvemonth since. The cablegrams in the London newspapers about the splendid reception of Madame Sarah Bernhardt, and the brilliant success of Sir Charles and Lady Halle's second tour within a year, are common topics of conversation. After congratulating me upon the celebrities I had secured for Australia during my present visit to England, Mr. Irving mentioned that he had been offered a guarantee of £10,000 for a four months' tour, which would simply embrace the Australian capitals ; but he added, " What are we to do! We have invitations from so many places. Only this morning we had an order from St. Petersburg." Still, the prospector a six weeks' holiday at sea, out of reach of all offers, and of a pleasant so journ in the beautiful climate of Australia Felix, points upon which I always dwell in talking to stars who think of visiting us, appeared to possess an irresistible charm for Mr. Irving, who is a terribly overworked man and it is by no means unlikely that at no distant date we shall be looking forward to the arrival of Henry Irving and Ellen Terry with as much eagerness as six months ago we awaited the arrival of Sarah Bernhardt. I believe that the theatrical manager who embarked in the enterprise would not regret it. The two stars still attract crowded audiences here; but whether it would be better to come by themselves, or with the Lyceum company and scenery, are questions upon which the Buiiiliniilt balance-sheet would throw a valuable light, for crowded houses do not necessarily mean large profits for the management," Mr. Tennyson Cole has just completed a portrait of Mr. Duncan Gillies, which has been subscribed for by some of the political and personal Friends of that gentleman, with a view to its being placed in one of our public institutions, and the work is one which establishes the artist's claim to stand in the front rank of our local portrait painters. Its fidelity to the original will be immediately recognised by those who are ever so slightly acquainted with the face and figure of the ex-Premier, and the artistic quality of the work also challenges praise. But the picture possesses the still higher merit of being a portraiture of character. This is expressed by the attitude, by the pose of the head, and by a CIM lain expression of the eyes and mouth which show that Mr. Cole looks beneath the surface of his sitters, and studies their mental as well as their physical characteristics. In this respect the picture deserves to be called "a speaking likeness," and is biographical as well as artistic. It is a three- quarter length, life sized portrait, and the pains which the artist has bestowed upon the drawing, modelling, and flesh tints of the face have been well rewarded by the result. The Melbourne Shakspeare Society held it meeting last nigh., Dr. Neild presiding. A letter was read by the Rev. J. upon., the hon, secretary, which he had received from Mr. Frank 'Tate, of the Training College, who stated that, as a result of the reading by the Shakespeare Society of Much" Ado About Nothing on August 7, a society for the reading of Shakspeare had been formed at the college by the students of the classes in English literature, and a reading of "A Midsummer Night's Dream," on the same plan as. Unit set by the' Shakspeare Society, was successfully given on August 22. Mr. 1'." 1). Phillips read a paper on " The Ghost in Hamlet," which gave rise to a short discussion, at the close of which Mr. Phillips replied. Mr. H. M. Marks recited the closet scene from " Hamlet," and a short paper by Miss M. J.. P'. Farrell on " I'ortin," which was read by the Rev. J. Reid, brought the proceedings to a close. To-morrow, a continuation service will be held by the Bishop of Melbourne in St. Paul's Cathedral, commencing at half-past 3 p.m. This will be the first service of the kind held in the Cathedral. Nearly 200 candidates will be presented to the Bishop from the Cathedral choir and the neighbouring parishes. No tickets of admission are required, but candidates and friends (not exceeding two in each case, for whom seats will be reserved) must enter by the transept door in Swanston street, not later than 9 o'clock, when the general public will be admitted. The net proceeds of the cake fair and pin-, cushion contest recently held in the Town hall, in aid of the funds of the Melbourne District Nursing Society, were £.1912. 11d. The sum of £9 has reached us from Mrs. K. Ander son as a subscription for Dr. lfcirnanlo's Haines in Kyneton. Mr. Otto Berliner desires to acknowledge the following.' SUITE which he has received In re Stone tallis appeal In "The Argus" on behalf of a family at Northcote Messrs. IV. K. Clarke and Co., oil Is.; Sir W. J. Clarke, of 1 I july Clarke, £1 ; the Chief Justice. £1 ; the Bishop of Melbourne, well. Mr. A. E. K. Burton will deliver a lecture at the Working Men's College this evening, entitled "An Oasis for the Working MINE." The Uomrcoieillu- Hospital Ball will take place in the Melbourne Tow it-hall on Tuesday evening next. Attention is desired to be drawn to the advertisement of the nlirlilercil prospectus of the Port Phillip Starr-Bowkett Building Society. Annlv crsary ben fees will "be held in St. Silas' Church, Albert-park, to- morrow, when the Rev. Dr. W. Stacey Chapman will preach in the morning and the Bishop of Melbourne in the evening. Examinations in connection with the Musical Association of Victoria are advertised to be held on Saturday, October 10. The committee of the South Melbourne believes' Benevolent Society report having relieved 77 cases during the fortnight ending september 1. The ever 'activities for the fortnight amounted to £10 18s. Contributions in money. or clothing will be thankfully received by the honorary treasurer, Mrs. Eggleston, English and Scottish Haul;, Clarendon-street ; or by the honorary secretary, Miss M'Call, Lealholme, Bank street east. South Melbourne. The Police. Brass Hand will give a second performance in the Ifotnule-al- gimlcns to-morrow afternoon in aid of the sufferers by the recent shipping disaster in the hay. An attractive programme of sacred music has been fixed upon. The performance will commence at 2, and conclude at 5 o'clock, and the members of the Carlton Brewery The Brigade, will act as collectors. The Vl'nrriianiliool Town Council recently called for competitive designs for a scheme of sewerage for the town, offering a premium of yawl for the best. The designs received were submitted to Mr. J. S. Jenkins, O.F., nail on his recommendation the premium has been awarded to Mr. J. Hubs, UNA of Auburn. 