BY ORDER A as Ifattfl WjUI9^ fin ETJSSLysr PERSECUTION OE THE JEWS. [All Rights Reserved.] [Cemmenced in tbe Eveh ing News ei Thursday, Jane 25J PART III. CHAPTER XVI. (Coxtioted). All the world looked so happy on this morning, as i£ the bright sun, the soft 'breeze, the clear sky, the perfume of flowers (brought from the mainland by a passing boat) had been given as compensation for the closing of the royal f estiva! ; or as if ] the spirit of Venice had risen up to let her j ?worshippers feel that the City in the Sea needed nothing of festival or music or royal guests,. or flags and banners, and painted boats to make her desirable, but that she ?waB loveliest -without aught else bat her own beauty. And yet trailing along her dreamy city was that bleached and ghastly thing that a little way off looked like a strong swim mer at his ease, his extending arms and legs rising and falling with the motion of the Tessel in company with which ibe was enjoying the bright gay morning. But what a ghastly mockery it turned out to be when the Chiozzia- smack cast anchor and dropped her sails. And what a recep tion it had from the chattering crowd that collected on the quay — all talking at once. some crossing themselves, others professing to recognise the corpse, all presently making way for the Custom House authori ties and the police. *? General Petronovitch,' said one of the chiefs of police, ' he who disappeared on the night of the illuminations ; and this (taking from the body a dagger that was entangled rather with the clothing than with the flesh), the cause of death perhaps.' On the blade of the rusted knife could still be seen deeply engraven a word in Arabic, which a learned priest translated into Italian, French, and English. They 'were the same Arabic letters as those which were embossed upon the amulet that thte Countess Stravensky wore at Mrs. Chet wynd's reception, and the word was ' Ven geance !' 'Thus the judicial murderer of the Rabbi Losinski, the assassin of the household peace and joy of the lOosstocks, and the BcouTge of Czasovna, flung after execution into the sea, had come back again to Venice a witness of the far-reacliing hand of Nihilistic vengeance. CHAPTER XVII.— Poetry, Pbose, and the Dead S-smraiEa. From Verona to Como is a day's journey. Under any circumstances there is no monotony in it, but travelling in. pleasant companionship it is perhaps one of the most delightful of continental railway journeys. The scenery is never unin-1 teresting, and there are always in the distance fine ranges of snow-capped moun tains. ? * The happy English party from Venice, it need hardly be said, found the trip full of a new and special interest. Dolly was radiant. It needed no psychological; student to discover that -Sam Swynf ord was the selection of her heart. If he had been ?wise in his estimation of female character lie ought to have discovered in his earliest acquaintanceship with Jenny's lively sister that her ' stand ofnshness ' and sallies of wit at his expense were only feminine indications of interest, if not love. It ?was perhaps a little feline, while she purred to make her . lover conscious of an occasional scratch. Had the amiable young stockbroker responded with the manful intimation that he was not to be -wounded with impunity nor without resentment, it is quite possible that the shadow of Philip Forsyth. might never have fallen upon Dolly's fateful youth. She had in her secret heart loved Swynf ord none the less that she had occasionally made Mm sufier. It was only the trifling of a somewhat coquettish nature. Swyn ford had, in slave like worship, flung him self at her feet, and she had placed her foot upon his neck, not viciously, but with, something of the pride of conquest. She would have appreciated from Sam the spirited response that such treatment would have received from Philip Forsyth, because she knew that cam was devotedly attached to her. She had doubts of Philip, w&s; flattered by his attention, urged to accept him' by her sister, who Lad no other object but Dolly's social and happy advancement in life. Altogether the party was under the in fluence of an affectionate self-denial and mutual congratulation upon, the course events had taken. At present they did not, from a sympathetic point of view, feel the shadow of Philip Forsyte's strange disaf fection, and thj|V had no knowledge of that sensation which the Ghost of the Lagoons had created in Venice. They arrived at Comp, & picturesque city at the head of the famous lake, where Walter had secured rooms at the best hotel in the Square by tbe quay where you take the lake steamers or hire rowing boats. After an' excellent dinner 'Walter and Swynford sat in the balcony, smoked their cigars, and watched the sunset. - Dolly and Jenny unpacked their valises, and talked over the day's adventures. * The next fciorning they were to go on to Eellag-gio. Sam and Walter were up with the lark, interested in studying the picturesque and busy secularisation of Sunday in Italy, whichis strikingly illus trated in tliia little' city of .Como. Jug glers, hawkers, vendors of iced drinks, and holiday people were in the square from the earliest hour on Sunday morning. Later, there were steamers arriving with, bands of music and democratic societies out fox the day. Members of xival and friendly asso ciations met these political combinations on the quay, -where they 'palavered and e£« changed emphatic civilities. Their bands Swynford considered- to be nearly as bad as -those of the Salvation jSixmy; in. England; lie iiope'd they haul not 'traVefl.e^all that distance to hear such. ribald .music;' The Square of Como was very, busy all ' Sunday, and so were the streets ; busy with people who were shookeeping, going to church marketing, singing, working. At night the vocalists were in the ascendancy, but as Walter remarked they did sing and they were not drunk. i?hey; awoke the echoes of the surrounding hills with madri gals and choruses. : If the Square of Como had been a thoroughfare in an English city those bands of workmen and holiday makers would, it is to Tie feared, have been roaring out some music-hall song or hiccoughing a vulgar chorus of the slums. ?.???' . ' One goes from home,' said Walter,' not only to see how great England is in many things, but how small, not to say brutal, she may be in. others.' In the afternoon our English travellers said their prayers with. ; the rest of the church-going community, and towards evening made their first littls excursion on the lake, which they navigated in dreamy sunshine on the morrow. , Sweet and gentle searchers after truth have discovered that BuJwer Lytton adapted his poetic description of the Lake of Como from a foreign source j other phil anthropic critics have at - the same time ridiculed the poem as utterly overdone, when applied to the famous Italian lake. Permit a humble worshipper of nature, and one who loves art none the less, to say that Bulwer'a half page of suggestive description is only a faint indication of the spiiit and beauty of Lake Como. Why, there is even an hotel at Bellaggio, half ?way down the lake, which goes near to be worthy of the ?well-known lines — A' palace lifting is sternal summer Its marble walls from out- & glossy bower Of coolest foliage, ntusical with birds. The lake is a sheet of water thirty-five miles in length, and every yard of it a picture of romantic beauty — high sloping hills that hem you in how and then, making not one laks*, but many j hills that are clothed with foliage and backed at many points by distant Alps that are clothed . in everlasting snow. As the steamer skirts the shore you see that the gardens of the innumerable villas are filled with flowers, that the houses are of all descriptions — palaces, cottages, chalfeis, ? lodges, hotels ; as they go high up inti- tue mountains they dwindle off into the cots of vineyard-tenders or herdsmen. It is won derful now and then to see- up in the moun tains villages which look like flights of buildings that have settled down in clusters as pigeons might, all in a heap, with a few trees about them, and under the sheltering elbows of convenient Alps. The season is late, they tell me on the boats and at the hotel, yet the air is soft and balmy, great buncheB of westeria decorate garden walls, lilac, rhododendron, Guelder roses, chest nuts are in full bloom, and at every village where the steamer touches men and women are sitting out of doors, the men swinging their legs over quay walls, the ?women sewing or tending children, all in ' summery ' dresses, and we have long since discarded wraps and overcoats, and find the -weather hot enough despite the breeze of a steamer in .rapid motion. Bel laggio is probably the -most delightful point of the lake. It is fifteen miles from its northern extremity, and divides the lake ' into two branches. Here the travellers commenced their de lightful experiences of Bellaggio. The weather was like July in England, though the time was early May. The sky was characteristically Italian. The windows of the hotel were open. From the great drawing-room came the voice of a prima donna, of the lyric stage, whom some travelling companions had persuaded to sing a few snatches from *' Otello' and ' Lohengrin.' The terraces of the hotel were reflected in the lake in deep colors of green and pink ,and red and yellow, repetitions of grass and flowers. On the opposite shore the lake was bordered by a sweep of architecture that melted away into hill and dale j and far off: on the right the snowy mountains pretended they were white clouds capping the rich blue of the sky. In the little town there was a ?piazza, ont of which every- now and then ran narrow street -ways up to the bills; little streets literally of climbing steps. When you looked up these narrow; ways and saw women coming down with children in their aims, or men lolliaig- against curious doorways, you could only wish you were an artist with nothing1 else in the world to do but to put these pictures into' black and white for magazines, or better still, into all their glory of color for popular picture galleries. 'When the lusciousness of full summer comes to Lake Como, and rests upon the clustering hills of Bellaggio, and dreams in a sunny glow down in the valleys, it is no stretch of fancy to imagine the pprfumed light of- some marble palace stealingthroughthemistof alabaster lamps, and every air Heavy with the sighs Of orange groves and music from sweet lutes, And murmurs of low fountains that gush forth F the midst of roses. ' Of course I like the picture,' said Dolly, ' but not for always, Sam.' ' How do you mean?' he asked, pressing her arm as they lounged upon the terrace watching the light and shade upon the distant hills. ' Beautiful for a visit,' said Dolly ; ' per fectly lovely, but too good for the likes of 'I as Walter's gardener Bays down in the Midlands.' ' You really feel like that?' said Sam. ' I'm so awfully glad, because I was think ing somewhat in that direction.' ' Really ?' she asked. ' Indeed, most truly,' he said. *' I once knew an odd, simple kind of rich man who owned a palace in Worcestershire, but lived in the lodge which stood by the road at his gates. Of course,' Dolly, I cpuld 3ive with you, my dear, anywhere, palace or cottage, a garret in Bioomsbury or a bijou villa standing in its own grounds at Kensington.? . } . ' Sam, you're so odii-1'' - ' That's the bell for dinner,' said Walter Milbanke, coming upon -them unobserved, and calling their attention $o the sounding gong beyond the terrace, ;' anS. here axe the English newspapers.- : Saph. ^discovery, by Jove! How comedy anil- tragedy do go hand in hand! .^ey have, found General Petronoyiteh floaiang «ith / the .tide frdnir -the Adriatic 'into' -tHe lagoons- stabbed- to. the heart with a, dagger on ^wMck is engraved^ in Aia1-ic,;v^e ? word ? Ven geance.''- ' ; ' '''?'?'-&?/£;. „-;?.'.?-.' ' '?-' *'-m»^'-' ' How. dreadful {'^exclaimed Dolly. : - ' ' It ie believed' continued Walter ' that hie was killed On . ;th© . njghi of the illuminations and taken out tc sea ia one of the many boats we saw on that exciting night. By Jove, it's -worthy of the. ancient days of Venice.' - . /'?:„.. ? ^ ' I'm glad -we didn't stay,' remarked Doiiy. ? -.\\. : ' ; ;'.:'; ' ' So am I,'' said Swynford, ' and j-otttll ; excuse nie, Walter, if I don't tear mjr hair over Petronovitch, I feel so.' awfully happy.' ' You look it, my hoy, you look it. Come along, then, we will dismiss the Venetian' ghost and try the Bellaggio cuisine. ... -I think it's all right I have interviewed the: chef, and discovered a 'brand of champagne; that I think will even astonish you, you city Sybarite.' ? ' PART IV. ' '.', X^.: CHAPTER I. — The Countess Tells ser Stoet to the Bbothebhqod and Philip.- ; The , foreign quarter of LondonVwi|h which the public is supposed to be ''mb'st! familiar is in truth the least known of the many mysterious districts of the great metropolis. » ' Soho, in its own peculiar way, possesses aa many strange ramifications as the 'black j circle of Whitechapel, which environs the i tragic footsteps of the most terrible 'of ; modern assassins. The police have' the key: to many of the retreats in which. political exiles and foreign conspirators meet to hold friendly intercourse, and to hatch plots of social regeneration and peraonil vengeance, ?But Scotland' Yard na? no special Tpasbn; for inte.r|e»^:a!raa-^s?ssa^|^B'^'^E^] continental outcasts^ so lon^as tue^d6*»t offend the English laws. ' ? The liberty of the subject in these islands cover the stranger as well as the native. To plot against the life of poten tate, statesman, or private citizen, however, J of this or any other country would, of! course, bring conspirators under legal j restraint; but it ia sot Hie business of the j London police to &et; the part of spies upon \ political, exiles ; and who is to interpret j Use secret tiioughta of the solemn mys- j terious men and -women who live quiet J live* in the regions of Soho, or report to Sue police the spoken words of their private gatherings? . England, America, and Switzerland have for many year3 been the plotting grounds of Nihilists and Social Democrats. . , If it were possible to separate the patriot whose faith and hopes are. satisfied by a wholesome agitation, from the patriot whose bitter political programme is one of danger^ dynamite, and violent social upheaval, 'the . Government would no doubt be ready to draw a hard and fast line on tbe side of pacific operations as against the- violence' of revolution. But liberty is compelled to allow a large margin for license, ancl:it is better that an occasional culprit, who might deserve death or lifelong imprison ment, should receive the protection of our shores rather than an unchecked despotism should work its will upon the high-minded agitator, whose only crime is a national enthusiasm for the regeneration of his country. And so it comes about that London, is. the sanctuary of the political exile, not being actually a proved murderer liable to extradition ; though it must be con fessed that Soho has sheltered many a con spirator who has been associated with: attacks on authority entitled to condemn^- : tion as outside the pale of mere political conspiracy.' Of such, -was more than one of the persons met together, some two weeks after tbe Venetian fetes, at the Parisian Cabaret, in a certain cul-de-sac known as Thomas's Alley, within a stone's throw of Dean- street. ...... The Parisian Cabaret was a small unpre- . tentious cafe, at the extreme end. of Thomas's Alley; smuggled away in one corner of it, as if it had been built into an unintentional architectural vacancy — an after-thougut in the higgledy-piggledy plan of the original builders. The lower part of the house was occupied with a large bow-window and a quaint doorway, with an over- decoration, in the centre of which was a date indicating- that the architecture belonged to the picturesque period before the, age of stucco and iron* The upper stories were curiously gabled1 ; and the quaint windows, glazed in much smaller squares than is usual in these -days, were prettily decorated with French blinds neatly- tied back with colored ribbons. The place had a singularly clean look, and the principal and, indeed, only saloon for eating, drinking, and dominoes had a white sanded floor and -white painted panelling that were pleasantly charac teristic. The Parisian Cabaret was, in deed, much cleaner and far more agreeable to look upon than most of its customers, one or two of whom lived on the premises ; notably, Ivan Kostanzhoglo, who was a moving spirit of that brotherhood in which Anna Klosstock had been enrolled as one of the two -women who had been considered worthy of its confidence. . ? - Ivan Kostanzhoglo had been for some time stationed in London as a controlling agent of certain movements that had been made, more or less in combination with ,other sections of the Young Russian party; but, under orders, he was about to ran the risk of reappearing in St. Petersburg^ where a rendezvous had been settled for. himself, Paul Petroski, Anna Klosstock, Andrea Ferrari, and other earnest, con federates. . ????-...?. The startling incident of the far- reaching power of Nihilistic vengeance at Venicfe, while it had stiffened the surveillance of Russian police at all the ports of entry into Russia, and led to numerous arrests in the interior, had exercised a tremendous r?r, vivifying influence upon the widespread conspiracy which aimed at the overthrow, of the Imperial power. The guides and' chiefs of the party of' action believed -in following up the assassination of Petrono vitch with a^stiiMng dramatic .demonstra tion at headquarters. ~ '§*0- -'!*;?' It vras in connection -with this so-called patriotic action of the Young Russian par fcy thaiTthe private doors of the small 'under' ground apartment, -which was rented tby Ivan Kostanzhoglo, were open to receive company some two -weeks after the Ghost of the Lagoons had startled Venice from, its customary repose. 