'The WVine That Conquer's Care. Nay, frown not, fairest I Chide no more, Nor blame the blushing wine; Its fiery lips are innocent When thrills the pulse with thine. Go. leare the goblet in my hand, But veil thy glances bright, Leut wine and beauty mingling here, Should wreck soul to:night. Then, dearest, to the ancient vine, In senlptured beauty rare. How down thy red, arched lip andquaff SThe wine that conquers care; And breathe upon the glowing cap, Till thus its perfumes be Seret as the scent ol the orange groves Upon some tropic sea. Then while the fingers idly stray Sing to me love, some rare old song That goshed from heart l fire Song such as Greoian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia's glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armedmen Ring bravely out once more i Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit shore I Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the past I Miy soul shall follow thee Ite.boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the sweet vibrations hang \- Enfettered on the air. I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conquers care; A Great Traffic in Powls.-Speaking of the immense number of fowls received weekly at Marseilles. France, a London journal says : The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of the ordinary size, but epeeially constructed for this traffic. The elaes are of lattice-work, and internally the van is divided into nine tiers, or shelves. On each tier there are twelve cages, and each cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. In this way the prodigious number of three thonueand,two hundred and fifty fowls is non .eyedin a single waggon. The cages are provided with tins for water on one side and for corn on the other, and there is a door in each through which any fowl that is injured or sickly can be st once removed. The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they come from Milan or even from Venice, and in many cases are sent through direct as far as the Spanish frontier. We often thank Heaven that we. a e not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do so with justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow could see the arrangements that are made for the accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to he delivered from the careless kindhearted ness of the English, and handed over to the calculating mercies of the Italian. BeggarsSupported byGamblks.-Per hape tae gambiera are tme beat support of heggaro. If you know where a poker game ora faro bank is located-of course syou don't; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know . will be quite a surprise to you to learn that they exist, if, indeed, you know what they are-you'll always find beggars and loafere around. Gamblers are superstitions, and they will not upon any consideration pass an beggar by without giving him a emall ontribution. It would be bad lack. Perhaps there's a trifle of conscience about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be ap. peased by their helping the needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a beggar. I have known actors imbued with the same sentiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the esperesition. He had a play com. ing out, and the night it was to be produced, ust before the curtain went up, a beggar ackled him. He gave him a penny. " There," said he, " that's good look. My play will be a go." It was a terrific failure. "I wish I'd given him a florin I " he said. The euperstition was all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. His Costume?.--ichard Wagner genes ally reueive? aso visitore in medimval ostumes such as he always wore when composing. Altxandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly Amused at the m.equerade. "You are all dressed up to play 'Gesaler,' ehT" said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather burt the feelings of the author of "Tannhauser," who nevertheless returned M. Dumas' visit when next be went to Paris. After same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed in a magnificent dressing-gown with large flower "pattern, a helmet with flying plumes, a life-belt round his waist, and enormouns riding hoots. "Pardon me," naid he majestically, "for appearing in my working costume. I can do n,,oning without being dressed in this manner. ni o-f tofy i.lean lIve in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, which are indispensab:e to me when I write my love scwnts." lMoral Cour~ -There is a brave man is K.sc.,s.),. ,se S:rte is noted for the bravery ol her se ?s anti the beauty of her daighuters; buhthe mah we speak of has a kind of courrse which is raie everywhere and at all tin?e. lis na.me i' John S. Rhea. On the atump raneuly, Mr. RIea descanted with freedom.uiion.eanetrtr.pseaker, wh .Jeplied. by a ehbllntae to mortal combat. Rhea de ennd or fight for; lour reasons: 1. He did not b?uvea in duelti:,g. 2. It was against the law. 3. Tuere wassome one dependent urnm him to whom he owed protection. 4. His. saccp?,?e. of a chellenge would exclude him fromw the iractice of lsi prolfesion in Ken. tuacy. Te eare arErgumnts which his op poetie aill find it difficult to answer. At Eie same time, epeakere who do not believe in duelling are practically bound to treat their oppten.ts with the must eroupulouspersonal e?e?ct. A feoole but facetious applicant for em. ployp.est su Brisbane called upon the alder. man from his ward, the other day,andpress. ing his' claims to consideration upon the ground of service rendered upon election, nured the alderman to secure him a place. " Why, my dear fellow, you are too sick to work. I would gladly do anything I could foer yu, but it is out of the qoestion ; there is no one of the departments that would fit your case." " Isn't there? What's the matter with the Health Department? ": Coleridge andPigopetta.-And do you know that " Toe Tale of the Ancient Ma. riner" was born down yonder an the other side of thit great sea-the Pacifcl? la. gellan, or rather Fernando Magellano, the Portugeee navigator, under the flag of Spain, took with him a historian, Pigopetta by name, who .'ave the world one f the greatest boolks Itat has ever been forgotten I I doubt if it i?s ever been translated into English, though it may be. But I found it in the library in Mexico city; and its pages fairly glowed. Yee, I know that we are told that this weird and wonderful story of the " Ancient Mariner" is porely imaginary, opinum eating and all that. But Coleridge was a ravenonu reader. Lamb says he would utterly devour a library, even to the catalogue. And surely when reading up to found his colony in America, he must have fallen in with Pigo pelta's account of the very first voyage around the circle of the globe. But of course, it is no disparagement to the great poet that I say this. I beg you, however, to read Pigo. petta if you want to know anything about this sea of seas that lies here throbbing and thundering at my feet as I write. .- Read where they first broke through the Straits of Magellan and flew before the hur ricane into the boundless unnamed sea before them. We were the first that ever burst Into that silent sea I It is aUll there, the crossbow and all. The arossbow about the neck of the withered 'maciner was the holy eroos, which they hung about the neck of the giant Patsagonian to convert him. Of course the great poet made the poem. Buot he did not make the sea; the awful scenes when their water turned to worms; their bread to dust; and then the rain; and rest at last Theperfume of the sea. Joa?qem Motn"o. Hawthorne and Pierce.-The follow ing is a little story told by the Rev. Dr. heney on a recent lecture on the life of the late Nathanial Hawthorne. On a tour in search of reminisccnces he found a number of gentlemen airing themselves at the foot of nunker Hill Monument, one of whom he ao costed "Did you ever know Nathaniel Haw. thorne?" he asked. "Know Nat Hawthrne? Why, of conreoI knew him; he and my brother were great oroniee." "Then you know, probably, something about his early works?" " Wrks? Nat Hawthorne's works? Say, was he any relation to you?" "No." Well, then, just let me tell you something about Nat Hawthorne. He was the con. fooundedet laziest chap that ever drawed breath. Why, I've seen that fellow eettin' round the woods and fields nappin' and thinlin' and winkin' like a sleepy toad. He never could do anything until Frank Pierce was elected president, and he was a friend of Nat's and got him a job in the Custom House. After that I believe he had some place in England or some other foreign country." "But don't you know that he wrote some very beantiful books ?" "Oh, yes, I remember 'bout his hobby for writin', and mind ye, that's about all he would a-done if it hadn't been for Frank Pierce." The possession of social gifts is some-. times of advantage to an artist. Mr. Hubert Herkomer while in America, pleased people enough to receive their orders for portraits ast five hundred pounds apiece. He talked well, and made himself agreeable generally. i. Chelminskigot a thousand pounds from a citizen of St. Paul for painting his chil dren, his borse, hand himself during a visit to that city, and has gone home with a small fortune. M. Beetier, who came over with M. Mankasey, has been so successful that he has taken a studio in New York. A prominent ert dealer explains all these successes as due to the social gifts of the respective s0. lists. Fully ahundred people stopped to gaze at a hansom taot stood for a few moments in front of Mrs. Langtry'e home, in Twenty third Street, New York oily. It was the pro perty of Mr. Pred. Gebbard, and its brass mountings and high polish made it fairly glisten in the sunshine. Presently the Lily came from her house, escorted by her hues. band that is to be. She looked moraecharm ing than ever in a coffee-colored silk, with a' Gaineborough hat of the same color. Mr. Gebbard is growing stout. The driver oracked his big coaching-whip and the couple were off. The successor of" Cham" as the lead. ing Parisian oartncaurist is " Caron d'Ache," which is a os-i,.n roan d ctayon meanino g pencil-holder. The artist's real name is Emanuel Poiri, and his clever drawings are found in Figtre, Le Vi Parieiete, and Le forndo Iiutrr. His kahetches are ludicrous in their exaggeration of the truth, and are finished with extreme artistio care. He is a dude under thirty, and strolls along the Champs Elysbse on fine days linked to a fat pug-dog by a silver chain. "No, sir,' thundered the old gentleman; "I have made up my mind ahat my daughter shall never marry a man who plays poker." "She might do a great dea' worse, sir." " Im-. possible. Poker has proved the ruination of thousands of men, and its victims never re. cover from the infatuation. She could never do worse. Exouse me, sir, but I am sure she oould.. She mightmarry some fellow who thinks he plays poker." The old man thought it over. . A man bought an estate in Ireland re aently. He was of small stature, we are told, and very thin and wiry-looking. When he went down to see the glace, the tenants turned out to inspect the new landlord, and, after his departure began to discuss him. "Well, Pat, what do you think of the new landlord?" "Oh. begorra, not muoch I Why. that little goeeson would be as hard to shoot as a jack-snipel" Bank Manager:-"Borry but 1 can't so comodase you; your paper is not good" In digoant Customer-" l remember when you were a poor man, twenty years ago I lent yo a thousand pounds without secrity." Bank Manager (pleasantly)-" I remember the cir cumasance, and I also remember how I won dered at yourgreenness. You probably have more sense now, and so have I. Goodmorn. insR." Miss Cockett-" Yellow roses are sup. posed to indcate flirtatiousness, and moman roses mean love, do they not, Mr. Never. smile?" Y 'r'r. eorrremile-" So I'm told; .ad white roses mean silence." Mihs..Cockett -" Well, what do these large cabbage roses and jack5 mean?" frr..N nsmioe-'"Bank rnptey, Mies Cookett--bankruptoy, every' time. "There are three things," said Broughne, to his wife, ' that a woman can't be pereuaded to do without." "She can't, eh?"eaid Mrs. Browne, in an incredulous tones; "oI essa she can do without them as well as man can, if not better. What are thsey?" "Food, clothes, and life," quistly replied Broughne; and his wife retorted: " You think you're smart, don't you." Some Freethinkers in a quiet northo dox disaocussion of tsvine mysteries appealed to a silent listener to give his views on the subject. "My opinion so," said Mr. H. "that one man knows joest as mouch unknowable things as another," aproposition which called for so much study in order to seize the point of attack that it broke up the disous. elon. Abrah1tam Lincoln considered the fami liar poem, ".Wuy Ohould ahe 'Spirt of Mortal be Proud?" the sweetest flower of modern verse. and used to repeat it as often as Daniel Webs*' .hefore him repeated • Grao'.aR?o." 