THE FIRST DEATH. (FHOif THE FEENOn.) i>a ranoao was a ucuovmage oi lour or fivo hundred inhabitants between Amiens and Abbeville. Sad in autumn, gay in spring time, calm, silent, Btretched along a wide road, its houses low, with roofs black and pointed, surrounded by Bwampy meadows and crowned by a forest of oaks, it was a counter* part of all the other villages of Picardy. Yes, it was a counterpart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of rod brick, its window casings of white stone, that is always part and pared of a Picardian landscape, and as it stands a thousand metres, more or less, from the outskirts of those tiny provincial hamlets. La Farlodo, at the moment this story opens, was in a hubbub of oxcitoment, for a cemetery, their own individual burying-ground,- had been aohiovod at last. The municipal council, which had so long hoarded the funds drawn from tbo ratepayers for the purpose, had finally seen fit to purchase an ancient .field, to wall it in, and to consecrate it to the well merited repose of the people of the country; “ and on and after the 1st November, 18—,” so.the announcement read, “the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the rocoption of its guests.” Naturally enough, everyone gossipped and jested with his neighbour on the sabjeot of tho “elect” who would point out tho road to his compatriots, hut the hubbub increased to a positivoriot when simultaneously with tho con | elusion of tho ceromonies that made of tho anoiont field a “ Gottsakor,” handbills appeared on all tho walls, including tho Mairo’s, to tho following effect: ' “ Whereas, being sound of mind and sound of body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and Bwootcn tho last momonts'of him or of her who will bo tho first to inaugurate tho new oemotery, I havo placod in tho hands of tho Hairo of La Farledc the sum of teu thousand francs, to bo delivered to the family of tho first inhabitant who departs for another and perhaps a hotter world, on and after this tho day of opening, November 1,18—,” “In witness wheroof, signed and sealed by myself, “ Je&x; Bitumineux.” In other words, tho proprietor of the chateau alroady described, formerly a Bohemian of tho artollers of tho Boulovard Clinchy, and en riched by tho decease of an aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to accord him hor forgiveness for tho profession ho had choson, ana to leave him the inheritor of a goodly ostate. In tho days of his youth an incorrigible joker, ho still at 'times, as in tho matter of his hand bill, indulged in tho samo propensity. Tho statomont of tho placard waB true, however, and in tho twinkling of an eye tho news was all ! over tho village. Groups of pooplo congregated i before tho bills to road for themsolvos, j whilo others, more incredulous, ran to tho | Hairo to ask for confirmation of tho same. “ Tho fact is exactly os given,” ho responded, promptly; “thoro is no mistake about it. Tho monoy is in my hands, and will so remain,” , otc.. etc. The announcement thus officially vouchcdfor, ovoryono joyously returned to his homo to begiu at onco tho calculation of his chances—to tako stock, as it were, of thoso belonging to him, and to ostimato thoir avorago longevity. It goes without saying that those of tho inha bitants fortunate enough to have sick or very agod relatives were flllod with triumph, though, of course, thoy triumphed secretly and in sileuco, whilst the others—those whoso families were sound and healthy—were forcod to com-, fort themselves with tbo forlorn hopo of an acci dent, an unexpected seizure, or insidious draughts of air. “ Such-and-Budi a one’s taking-off,” thoy recalled, “ had been extremely sudden; So-and so’s trilling illness fatal; unlookod-for-dcatho woro always occurring,” and thoso thousand tantalising pistoles danced a saraband in their dreams evon when thoy foil asleep. As for the Maire, poor man, life had become a burdon to him because of tho hourly deputa tions and avalancho of queries to which ho was i forced to listen. I “Must thoy bo of the village?” thoy besought j him anxiously, “ or was it sufficient to bo a j tnombor of tho parish ? Did children count, or ! relatives by marriage, or those whom death , might tako by violence V”—queries that plainly I betrayed tho villagers’ anguish of mind and I hugoly amused tho donator. ! It is not ovory day, as you know, that pooplo givo up tho ghost in villages, and a whole wcok passed by aftor tbo opening of tho cemetery without an event cf tho kind occurring. Still tho brains of tho people continued to bo over excited, and every ono, from baker to butcher, from curato to husbandman, laid oft work from timo to timo to measure with his eye, or calcu late mentally, tho additional goods or farming ground purchasable with tho monoy—only tho cafes wore busier than ever. By tho end of the woek tho story of the hand bills had become nn old one, but by no moans a less absorbing one, though tho villagers no longer loworcd their oyes or voices when dis cussing tho matter, and openly footed up tho chances. The family of a certain La Poireaux by common consent had settled it that thoy wero to bo tho fortunate inheritors, for had thoy not among them, this family La Poireaux, an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of habit alone—a wheezy, yollow, dried-up old mummy, whom twico a day they carried to tho door to bask in tho sunsbino, and whose demise had long boon oxpoctod. “But soraotimes those aged ones live tor over,” objcctod a malicious listener, ** and this ouo shows no more signs of dying than ho bos done for six months past.” “All tbo samo,” added anothor, “it is tho family La Poireaux whop the Hairo bos his oye ^Nevertheless, despito tho anguish of destro that had seized upon all in the raco for this monoy, La Parlodo possessed no assassin. It was truo that tho nihng and vory agod had becorao a contro of iutorest to evory ono in tbo family, for thoy would bo ablo, if accommo dating, to leave behind them a snug little sum, yet no ouo droamod of accolorating thoir dopartorc. In tbo households of tho loss-happily placed tbo interest was equally absorbing—a harsh cough, a laboured broathiog bringing tho ear upon the alert in an instant. Coughs and difficult breathings wero harbingers or inflam mation of tbo luugs, and inflammation., of tho, lungs, as ovory one know, took its victim quickly. If another ono hnd a rod face or nn indigestion thoy awaited apoplexy, and a child who had boon an invalid from birth, and began to recover from tbo moment of tbo proclama tion,.was cut off with a shilling in tho will of an indignnut aunt, whoso heir it had previously Tho entire village at tho oxpiration of this snmo weok was pale and emaciated. Even thoso who had scoffed tho loudost at this wailing for dead moil’s shoes no longer slept tranquilly; drunkards drank twice as much as they had druuk before; the avaricious cursed in secret; while tho sick, on tho contrary, tho only ones who objected to this fashion of ring ing tho bell, scomod to vie with each othor in the haste of their rocovory. On tho morning of tho 10th of November, however, a bell, or rather a knell, did riug out, iustead of tho morning Anpolus, ana tbo people, falling over oach othor m tho darkness, and railing at fate, precipitated" themselves towards tho church to learn who had won. Alas, arrived thoro, broathless and panting, it was only to flud that tho beadle (ns usual), full as a thrush, raoro dazed than ovor from brood- | ing upon tbo promises of tho placard, and thinking of nothing but death, had rung with out reason. Truly it was time this business should eud, or thoy would all bo as mad as tho boadlo. Ah, well, there lived at this time in La Farlcdo a poor and unfortunato peasant, married, tho father of two little helpless babies, and with whom nothing had ever succeeded. Though scarcely past his fortieth year, he had run through every country of the world, to rotum at last, vanquished, to his native villago. Ho was a good follow, gentle, affectionate, dreamy, and iuoffonsivo, but ho was unablo to gain a living for himself or family iu a country where the struggle with tho earth was hard and endless. His slender framo took badly to tho labour of tho fields, and ho possessed no othor resources. Misery and want encom passed tho household, ana each evening beforo the smoking cinders the wife cried in undress ing tho children, and he, tortured and cowed by a hum of imbeu and failure, writhed in The placard of the painter Bitumineux bad made upon him, aa upon the rost of thorn, n deep impression. Nay, moro than that, it had given him on idea.What if ho should be tho ono to loavo ten thousand francs to his wretched family P It would lift them abovo want for over ; they would bo able with the monoy to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a haberdashery —porhaps a moro pretentious shop. His wife was intelligent, industrious—sho would surely prosper at the business. Ho saw them already, those deprived oneg,Bocuro of the necessities he had been unable to give them, the boy later on employed in a bank, the girl marriod to a cOmmissalre. That evening he embraced them and held thorn upon hia breast longer than usual, mur muring as ho watched them laid upon thoir scanty straw, ” Iwffl doit—I must do it; it is my duty.” The idea that had come to him with the read ing of the placard, and bom' of misery and shame, was suicide. For him it was tho re habilitation of all his disastrous enterprises, tho atonement for'the sorrow that ho brought upon his family. But, .oh, the agony ox parting from these beings so tenderly loved, whoso wel faro and happiness he could secure at last, but secure only oy one means l He went out to walk for a while in the em browned fields, the yellowed forest, but tho rustling of the dead leaves that his foot pushed aside sounded to him like the rustling of a shroud; sohs burst from his anguished breast aa ho regarded the wide heavens, tho valley full of BhodoWB, and tho little village that held his all. For a long time he hesitated. PorliapB chance would deliver him—perhaps it would not bo necessary to take bis life in order that they might live, that they might have fire upon the darkened hearthstone, and bread in the empty cupboard. Long ago he had assured himself by talking with a neighbour, who had questioned Matro, that suicides would count in this unrealplav. Of course he must kill him self—to went longer was to permit the chance that as yet was his to be grasped by another. Ho took his gun, climbed the hinsido that overlooked the village, and fixed his eyes upon tho dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and littlo ones. The next morning, when they found his body—a wood-cutter passing through the forost had seen it, ana sproad the nows—the crowds cursed it, and throw stones at tho corpso of tho poor hero. Tho women sought to ! spit in his faco ; whilo tho town council itself waited upon M. Bitumineux to demand of him | that tho money should not be paid to the family of such a trickster. Tho painter reapondod by adding ton thou sand moro to tho first ten thousand, and charging hirasolf for over after with tho caro of tho widow and her children. ” It was my fault,” ho told hirasolf, deoply moved by tho tragedy—“my fault, and but for mo tho thing would novor have happened.” Tho Moire alone and tho gendarmes, whom it had boon necessary to call upon beforo tho body of tho martyr could bo laid in tho ground, fol lowed it to its last resting-place, ana that same day “ tho old wrook from Trafalgar” and two bosido him passed to their last account, Tho memory of tho suicido is still cursed throughout tho wholo of Picardy, and upon hia tomb ouo reads the inscription (cut there by a cunning but sacrilegious hand during tho dark ness of tho night after tho interment):— The ditch of the thief. 