MABER EASILY BEATS KELLY. And Only Takes Eight Rounds 'To Do 1t. — ? Bolt Mabeb of' Australia and Frank Kelly of San Er&noisoo; boxed- in the Occi dental Club, Gan Francisco, on 31st August, tp_.a -AoUh. Kelly was seconded -hy Alex Gregcains and Mike Quilligan, and Maber by Paddy Gorman and Martin Murphy. George Hurting was timekeeper for Maber and Pete O'Brien for Kelly ; Billy Jordan referee. -The betting was 20 to 9 on tbe Australian. . Oo the men shaking hands Maber looked J almofii ' a head taller than hie well and | oompacily built opponent, though he weighed I only 1S1 pounds to Kelly's 140 jwundt. The extraordinary thinness of the Sydney beser, j which has won him the sobriquet of the i M Shadow " in the colonies, caused oonsider- j able merriment wben be advanced to the | scratch for the first round. j Kelly evidently figured that a bustling Hdit ( was the best with his tall and flcvcr j opponent, and soon roshed in to cibfe quarters, but Maber shot in a straight left mat halted him for a few seconds. The j San Francisco lad tried to get to close quarters again and managed to swing his left on the Australian's neck, but Maber was too olever and the round ended without any damage on either aide. The second was a fine round andfairly even, notwithstanding Maber'a immense reach, Kelly following him up plnckfly and swing ing both hands whenever he saw a ghost of a chance. In breaking away after a clinch the Australian scored a heavy right on the jaw, which the crowd hissed.. He repeated these tactics in the third round, in which Kelly again displayed eaoellent grit, facing the muaie manfully and keeping the lank colonial moving at a lively pace. The fourth round was the beginning of the serious trouble for the >-8an Francisco lad. Maber seemed to have gauged hie calibre, and, avoiding close work, proceeded to use his long left with disastrous effeot on bis opponent, varying the straight shots at «aoge.hy. demoralising punches with tbe xight 00 the -jaw. Kelly began to lose hS0Jbflity to -oountor wilh any effect, and alter the fifth roqnd. In which he started to bleed at tbe nose and mouth, the contest degenerated into aquestion of how long Kelly could take punishment without returning i(. His seconds were kept busy sponging him off to make him presentable, and, at tbe end of the eighth round, the majority of the spec tators clamored for the one-aided affair to be stopped- Others, who saw that Maber was someffbat yrotik on his pins nd thought that Kelly- might win by a chance hit, as be was still full bf fight, insisted that the bottle continue. Just. asBcderoe Jordan got into the ring to etpp the battle, Obief Crowley stopped into view from the crowd and railed hie hand and Jordan announced Maber the winner. Kelly aad bis fciejuls objected, >gt very meekly in the presence of the represen tative of the law, and. both -pugilist fbook .Laofis and wCqt to thrir dreeslng-room#- £eHy6 injuries were trivial, the Wood Irom his moee, however, meking him appear infinitely worse than- he was. The purse was £160. « TgUTO crushed to earth will rise" Aad the a'ame "thing is true of a barrel hoop, pf you happen to stepou it right. 