VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. fRw Wii.irn TlrsAVP 1 West ot'\En-rland. Senteinhpr IS. 180L Those who are not interested in village economics may pasa over this paragraph. Those who are will perhaps find something to interest them. It is not fiction, at any rate. The parish in which my village lies is very large, covering a great extent of uncultivated moorland. It is cut up into farms varying from 250 to 400 acres, but many so-called fields are nothing but bita of hillside, untouched by plough or spade, covered with gorse, thistles, and fern, affording a little keen for sheep in the summer. Formerly the pariah belonged to about a dozen yeomen, all of wboin cultivated their own lands. The day of yeomen is past, most unhappily for the country. There is now not oae left. Most of the parish belongs to a rich man, who has made his money in London trade. Tne popu lation has decreased, and ie decreasing still. The reason is obvious. The farmers of these little moorland farms, since the land is no longer their own property, have now their rent to pay, and must employ fewer hands than when they ownod their farms. Moreover the young men now read, think, grow am bitious ; they are no longer willing to spend their lives in tbe rough servitude of a farm laborer ; they go away and seek their fortunes in other places. If one wants a spare hand for any kind of work he cannot be found in the parish ; there are barely enough for the work of the farms. The rustics who have remained get about 12s. a week, but are not afcvays paid for days when the weather is too bad for them to work. Their hours are from 7 in the morning till 5 in the afternoon. But then they take half an hour at 10 for lunch, and an hour at 1 for dinner. Then, hours are much shorter than formerly prevailed, aud the wages are at least 5s. a week higher. Yet 12a. a week does not seem a large jncome. Out of this they have to pay about eighteenpeiiee -for rent, getting a email and very poor cottage of two or three rooms. ? Thfs'e ia no txtra money to be goo in these parts by harvest work, awd^indead,- there is iittle hfivt^tircg to bo --ioi-*% t-)-c-f;'pl'?»g osf?. Every cottager, however, has his garden, in which he grows potatoes and other vegetables ; they all have a pig, many have fowls, and in some gardens hives are kept. Their compara tively short hours give time for working at their gardens. As for their food, they fare a great deal better than their ancestors. Every cottage now Has its good dinner of mutton or beef on Sunday, on other days they have tea and bread and butter before going out in the morning, for dinner there is generally a piece of cold bacon and bread, for supper a dish of hot bacon and potatoes, this is their principal meal. It' so many go away, why do not all go? Because those who remain are fond of the old place. But this attachment to the native village will grow weaker and weaker as know ledge of the world extends. We may certainly look forward to a time when all young men, except the imbecile, will refuse any longer the lowest and poorest paid work in the world. We shall lose our rural population altogether. In some parts which have suffered most by the depression the farmers are said to be emigrat ing wholesale in order to save what is left of their capital. If the farmers go out of the country, and the rustics leaves the villages, 'we shall be in a delightful condition indeed. And where, one would ask, are we to find recruits ? The soldiers who formerly fought our battles for us were the stout and lusty sons of the soiL What will they be in the future? Certainly, from this parish not one single recruit could be enlisted. There is not one man to spare. I am no political economist, and no doubt I talk as a fool, but if this depopulation of our villages, this depression of the greatest in terest of the country, could be prevented by anything, even by a small concession to pro tectioD, I think it ought to be done. Twenty years ago one used to run across the village green tothe inn for a tankard of cider, which was admirable with dinner or luncheon. It was a thin sour cider of very slight alcoholic strength, but loved by the people for its 'grip' of the throat. It was the universal beverage. The men sat in the settle every eyening, each man with his mug of cider before him ; they drank it on the harvest field ; they drank it with dinner. Now, alas, it is gone. The village inn keeps cider no longer, and the men all drink beer, which is not nearly so good for them. The national beverage is in every country someimng iigni, sour, sngntiy aicononc, ana cheap. Here it has been cider from time im memorial. There is strong cider, and there is a weak cider. The people have always drunk weak cider. So the French have always drunk a thin, sour wine, mixed with water ; the Italians drink a wine so thin and sour as to be more like vinegar than wine ; the Roman soldiers drank water flavored with vinegar. The beer which our ancestors drank was a very light, home-brewed stuff called small ale. It was flavored with berries of some kind to give it a Jaste and to catch the throat. The drink of the people will never be water ; their drink must always possess the qualities of taste, for choice sour taste, and 'grip' of the throat, and it must be slightly alcoholic. No people that ever lived willingly drank water. None ever will. An honest, but moderate, consumer of beer, once of my acquaintance, used to advocate the said that the adulteration of beer and other drinks was the real cause of drunkenness ; that bad beer makes the drinker thirsty, while good beer quenches thirst. He argued further that if workmen drank nothing at all but beer, pro vided the beer was light and wholesome, he would be a more healthy man and do better work than now when he takes during the day bad tea, some times bad beer, and sometimes bad spirits. He also advocated the introduction of cider into tbe villages, with perry, and some of the old fashioned British wines, some of which were pleasant. He was a prophet. Light beer, in the form of lager beer and Pilsener beer, is already making great advances. It has not yet reached the villages, but it will get to them in the course of time ; the rustics will take kindly to the pleasant effervescent draught, and the old heady, strong, and sweet stuff will appear no longer. We were talking a week or two ago of ghosts and appearances. Here is another experience, not personal, but nearly personal. A long time ago, being then in a far-off island, I was living in a little country house, about eight miles from the town. One evening about 6 o'clock, there arrived a certain friend who wag chief accountant of a bank in town, and lived in the bank alone, except for the Indian ser vants. As they slept out of the house, he had the bank all to himself at night. He came, it appeared, to dinner. During that meal he was silent and distrait. Presently, however, he confided to me the real reason for his call. It was not to dine with me, but to get me to re turn with him, and to sleep at the bank. The night before, he said, at about i) o'clock as he was sitting alone, the door flew open, and there appeared a man whom he knew to. be in London. This figure sat down, crossed its legs, and looked at him. He got up and changed his chair. The figure turned round, and continued to iook at him. Thereupon he went to bed, bub woke up at intervals all night long, and got up to see if the figure was still in the room. He saw it, in tbe darkness. It was there all night long. It only vanished with the daybreak. ?'Now,' said my friend, ' if that ghost come3 to-night, aud-I am alone, I shall go mad. If yon will come back with me, 1 don't mind if there are a dozen gho3ts.''' I went back with him, and took a bed at the bank.. There was no ghost at all. He ought to have heard that the man bad died on that very night. But he heard no such thing. The man may be alive now. The next story I advance with reserve. It was told me by a young medico, and we all know that medical students are of a peculiarly exaggeration, and remarkable for the veracity of their anecdotes. He who related the follow ing astonishing experience told me that it took place at St. Bartholomew's, or x^erhaps it was at Guy's or St. Thomas's. The essential thing is that it took place at a hospital. You wifl observe that a hospital must have in it every kind of ghost, including the least common, such as I am about to describe. There would be, of course, the common herd of ghosts ; the poor folk who have died in the wards in the ordinary way. There is every reason to believe that the pair, whose appearance you shall hear, belonged to patients quite out of the common. It was evening, and not late. One of the resident house physicians, a young man, with a friend, also a young medical man, whose evi dence can be procured to corroborate the story, was playing a game of double dummy, with an accompaniment of tobacco and whisky and water. They had lieen playing for some little time, nothing unusual happening. They were seated at a square table. One of them, at the beginning of a new game, had to deal to his own dummy, as is the rule at double dummy. When he finished, a most wonderful thing happened. The cards of the two dummies were taken up by invisible hands, which arranged them and held them in the usual fan-like form. It was as if the cards were in the air. The two men looked at eash other and at this phenomenon with stupefac tion. If they' had not been men of science they would have fled, shrieking. Then one of the dummies' hands were sharply rapped on the table. 'That means, Play,3' whispered one of them, and, with a gasp, he led. The play of the invisible dummies was all right. The leading partner took the trick and returned, changing the suit to show tbe hand she held. I say she, because by this time there were visible the hands and arms that held the cards, but nothing more. One of the players was a woman with bare arms showing from a sleeve of white lace; her fingers had rings upon them. The other was a man's, with an ordinary coat sleeve and white cuff. — The men put down their pipes and removed the whiskey and water to another table. They played the game in solemn silence. Presently it became apparent that the lady played a, masterly game. She held good cards ; so did her partner. They scored in the first rub — double, treble, and the rub ; and in the secon — treble, single, and the rub. ' Never,' my narrator told me, 'did I play iritk 4 finoi* i\la.i7Oi* RHa «*-rinp-rl tin know Xiv instinct where every card in the pack was. At the end of the double rubber the arms disap peared. They went away as they came. I have never seen them since, though I often invited them to come by dealing the cards on the table. I have often wondered who the ladv was ; yotmg, as I gathered from the ap pearance of her arms ; a gentlewoman, as was shown by tbe taper fingers and the rings and the lace and a certain way of carrying her arms. Frolicsome, as was proved by her sitting down to play with only her arms visible ; unmarried, from the absence of a wedding ring. Who could she be ? Why was she brought to the hospital ? What is her story? Why did she die so young? Above all, how could she, at her early age, have acquired such a knowledge of whist ? It is very rare to find a girl playing whist even decently. Perhaps, after — after leaving the hnsnifcal.' Via ruMpd with Komft dflKcaev of ex perience, ' she may have found opportunities for practice. As for her companion, he was comparatively Tminteresting. He had chalk stones on his fingers and he was only a mediocre player. He neglected his partner's lead, he bottled lier trumps, and once he threw away the king of trumps not even trying to save it by an obvious finesse. But the lady— the lady — she, indeed, was divine '. ' ' Ethel, dear child, is going to be bridesmaid at the wedding. There v.-ill be four brides maids, all children, and all dressed in white.'' This from a letter which 1 re-ad just now. My dear young ladies, brk3^9 elect, who are arrang ing the details of the greatest day in life, engaged young ladies who ha.ve not yet fixed the day, and maidens fr^e i'or whom the Prince has not yet arrived, let rue romosj^trate with yen. What do-'-? it rn-ian, this fashion of «;h:Jd bridesmaidh? )t urcaiw norhinff. Id in an absurdity. Nn.y7 it is jkli.inioHS. Wlia-t *k»es the fashion oi 'brJcHrMBaifls mran? It »s a custom a-j oW .'-?» ;Uo hiYm t;ia.fc tbe tar;-ie '.bomd be aaatcSied by '..U-j b:-v-i-':£voQiii Jroin tho -?va- pany of nwiiir-M. Thi* .'.istom -^ pfi-*p-_jL,~iS-ed whole world. The two or more bridesmaids represents the company of girls. So that the substitution of children for girls makes this part of the ceremony meaningless and foolish. The Americans are reported to be greatly moved by the fact that the managers of the Chicago Exhibition have invited Lord Tenny son to write an ode for the opening ceremony. Therefore the offending managers are reported to have replied ; first, that they didn't do it ; next, that they didn't mean it when they did it; third, that they did the same for every other country. This is perfectly satisfactory. Now, Lord Tennyson is acknowledged to be the first of living poets in the English language. Therefore to invite him to open an industrial exhibition with an ode — which he would cer tainly do for them better than anybody they have got in their own country — would be at once a graceful compliment to the venerable Laureate aud a token of kindly feeling. I would invite our American cousins to remember a certain occasion, four or five years ago, when we wished to celebrate the erection of a bust to Fielding in Westminster Abbey. The dean on that occasion — and his action was warmly approved by all classes — did not invite any English man of letters to make an address, but he invited an American (James Russell Lowell), who accepted the invitation and made the finest oration possible — one worthy of the novelist of whom he spoke and of his own powers. This was intended by the dean as a compliment to America ; it was an acknow ledgment of the first inheritance which they possess in Westminster Abbey; this was so understood at home and, I believe, in the States. But no Englishman dreamed of being, angry or hurt because such men as George Meredith, Matthew Arnold, John Robert Seeley, and John Morley were passed over in favor of a foreigner. The administration of the free libraries of Paris made an awful discovery the other day. They discovered that the people asked for hardly anything but novels. So they ordered the librarians to coax, persuade, and induce the people to read other books. The librarians began to coax with zeal. The people all went away. The librarians desisted. Then the people all came back, and are now reading novels again with zeal. Everywhere it is the same thing. A free library is opened. Then novel- reading on a large scale begins. Then a solemn person (with a capital P) named Mr. Pomposity Longears, or something to that effect, publicly calls attention to the deplorable neglect ofwhathecalls'good'''books. Nothinghappens, and the people go on just the same. This Mr. Pomposity Longears, who lounges to his own office at half-past 10 in the morning, and never does a stroke of work after 5 in the evening, and never has done since he first began, pretends to be disappointed because people who have worked hard from 6 in the morning till 6 at night do not, in the evening, undertake a course of geology or euclid, or some other science, which would not advance them one step. Instead of that, to this intelli gent gentleman's disgust, they read 'rubbish.' That is to say, they read books which transport them out of themselves, inspire them with ideas, show them how other people live, and broaden their views and teach them charity and brotherly love. My friends, the contempt for imaginative literature is hard to lulL Yet, to alter a well-known phrase, I care not who maltes the laws of the country so that I may write their novels for the people. There is no teacher like the novelist ; he who writes a book which ' catches on' with the working men has more power over them — because they are un conscious of it — than the greatest orator of the day or the most popular paper that is pub lished. One of my earliest recollections, dim, misty, and dreacL-like is that of being taken to see the Duke of Wellington drive through the streets. I have a dim memory of standing at a window and seeing a great many people in the street. Presently a carriage drove slowly by, in which a gentleman stood — Why did he stand? And did he really stand? and bowed to the people, who shouted loudly. Now I never could understand why or wherefore the Duke of Wellington made this1- triumphal entry, and I had got to believe that the whole thing was a dream ; but the Titiics has cleared ~ up the point. It is no dream. I really did see the duke on that occasion, which was no other than the arrival of the French fleet with King Louis Phillip on board, when the duke and the Prince Consort and other grand people went down to Portsmouth to meet them. I am glad that it was not a dream. Later on, in the year 1853, I frequently saw the duke, and I remember perfectly how he rode slowly aloDg the Row in Hyde Park, saluting every body—for all the world took off their hats to 'the duke' — with the forefinger. I was also present at his funeral. We had to get up at. 5 o'clock — in the dark — and got somehow to a first floor in the Strand, or Fleet-street, which had been hived by those who kindly invited me. At about 10 o'clock there was served the finest breakfast I had ever seen — memory has en larged this feed to colossal proportions — there were sausages, ham, bacon, chops, steak, jam, eggs, marmalade, toast, cake, tea, coffee. I believe there was also beer for those who were permitted to drink it I wasn't And presently came the procession, which is history. But what follows is not historjr. One man, I remember, had a carriage all to himself, and he .beguiled the tediousness of the journey by reading the paper, whereat there was in dignation in Israel. I wonder who that person was, and if he still lives. 