General Booth in WeTbowae. CHURNING UP FERVOR. General Booth bad a most enthusiasm tic reception in Meibonrne, and held three services in one day, the Exhibition Building being crowded. We extract from the Meibonrne Argus the following description of the proceedings:— The Holiness Meeting. After the second tremendous reception of the General, the vast audience broke into Psalm 45, ending with the favorite Salvationist chorus :— " Let me, Jesus, let me Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Fuller know redemption's plan, Fuller know redemption's plan," They Bang it possibly half-dozen times, ' each time with greater strength of lung.1 Bat loudly as they chaunted they could not satisfy the General, who, standing in : front of the platform, marked time with outstretched arms, abandoning himself entirely to the excitement of the moment, in striking contrast to his demeanour of the previous two days. This was not the " General" Booth ot Sunday, or Saturday. For the first time the audience saw the laader of the Salvation Army in his altra Salvationist mood. "Again, again." he shouted. " Let me fuller know redemp tion's plan ! Sing it again, but not re demption '—salvation! Let me fuller know salvation's plan. If you burn to t< ust the blessed Christ this evening—if yoa burn to have Him blot out yout guilt —sing it agian." And the audience, obedient to the cry, took up the burden-— "Letme, Jesus, let me, Jesus, Let dies Jesus, Fuller know salvation's plan, Fuller know salvation's plan." . "No, no," the "General" cried. "I am not satisfied. Every one wants to know about Jesus this evening, and to have mora salvation than they ever had before. If you don't what did youMBftme here for? Why else did you leave'jfcur business and'your shops ? Who could ever have expected that anybody at all would leave their homes on a Monday afternoon. If anybody had said so a month ago yoa would have said, 'Nonsense.' Some of yoa have travelled miles, and yon are going, to have something for it, or else you've thrown your fare away, you know, and you'd better^go home again and "look Softer you; business. Youwant fealvation t>r you'll never enjoy religion. There was an bid woman once who said, ' What, me v enjoy religion ! Why, I neverknew what..it was to be miserable till. I sot religion.' The reason was she helping Jesus Christ. He takes notice of those that keep their eyes open. Shut your eyes, or else he'll put you down ih-his pocket-book." Then a hymn, "All the Way to palyary," and the " General," after ifeading from St. John, 12th chap., 23rd verse, plunges into a characteristic ad dress on the Christianity o^Chrilt.. To be entitled to call himself a'ChriBijan, a man must live the life of Christianity. He must have the same purpose in life that Christ had. For JesuB Christ had a ruling purpose. He did not come liei e to keep a shop—nothing of the kind. He did not come here to discover a gold mine—nothing of the sort. He did not come here for pleasure. Ifo! no! no I However, people will ask, Can you make such insinuations ? He did not come to glorify Himself—to dress Himself, to punt Himself, to curl His hair, and cringe and crawl and stalk about in order that people might think a lot of Mm. Again, people: cry, "General, General, please give over talking in that line it is disrespectful to my Saviour." No ; He came here to save souIb ; He came here to save your soul. ("Glory," "Bless ing," "Praise," "Halleluiah.' ) The "General" goes on anew, and as' he proceeds the excitement grows more and more intense, and the " Hallelujahs" fallthicker and faster. " Are you a Christian ? Is He the ruling purpose of your life 1 If you have got the spirit of Jesus Christ you are a Christian. Are you a follower of the Bleeding Lamb? Are you on His side ? Then you can call , yourself a Christian. Everybody who1 thinks so say "Amen." And the audience unite in;one mighty "Amen.", "Here is the proof," the " General" goes on, "in the Bible—your Bible. This is not a Salvation .Army Bible—yes it is ; it is n»y Bible, blessed thing"—and the "General" presses it affectionately to his bosom. " This ib the Bible that you read, and swear by, and quarrel over, and which you expect you are going to be judged by on the last great day. This is your Bible, and 1 ask you to listen to the' | words that you knew from childhood. This iB what it says"The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, who, although he. was rich—a; millionaire—yet for our sins He: became poor that w e through His penalty might become rich." ("Hallelujah.") Have you got that spirit? You may be a member of a church. I believe in being a rcember of a church, a good member, and a working member, and a paying, member. You may have got a creed. I believe in a creed—I believe in. what I believe in.. .(Hallelujah.*) That is my creed. (" Glory.") You may have a ceremonial and sacraments. We have aceremonial; we belong to the High Church. (Laughter.) I believe in a ritual, and vestments, and processions, and walking about on week days as well as Sundays, seeing who is on the Lord's side. You may have excitement—1 be lieve in excitement. I do. (" jSlory.") I don't think much of people who are not musical and not excitable—they may be very good in their way, but they, aren't of much use to the Salvation Army. (Laughter.) I like a man who can fire up—a man who has got a temper—a good temper, though. (Laughter.). T believe in excitement, and I do like to get up the excitement here. (" Hallelujah.") Talk: about the excitement in Melbourne What is it to the excitement of saving souls ? ("Glory.") Talk about Eight Honrs Day! Fd like to make it four and twenty. I have an excitement that would shut up the shops and stop the factories, and close Government House, and put the Governor down to the humblest individual in the street. (" Hallelujah.") I'd like'to have one great, bleBsed, glorious excitement that would sweep over every thing—(" Glory,—and that would take every jEanand every woman .and sweep them away before it, away into the King dom of God. (" Hallelujah.") By this time the excitement is -Bearing its tension point. Women are already beginning to sob hysterically, and men,' with the perspiration rolling off .. their faces, -are following every second word with hoarse cry of " Bless the Lord," "Glory," and the like.; The "General" himself has altered the pitch of his voice by half a tone, and is talking now npt in the eyen, monotonous drawl of the earlier • part of his part of his address, but with ' a rapid and nervous utterance—harsh, almost metallic, in effect. With con stantly increasing speed he goes on :— Ycu may have a correct creed—no doubt, the devil is the correctest theologian in the universe—you may go to church, ^rou may serve in the army barracks, you may enjoy all the pleasures of the Bible class and Bible. readings, and live a correct life, but unless you make Jesus Christ's purpose your purpose, and JesuB Christ's life your life, I don't see how you can call yourself a christian man or christian women, and I cannot, and 1 say it with all reverence—I cannot , see how, without these attributes, Christ himself could have claiired to be the Messiah. It was when He came down to sacrifice himself for me and you that he became Christ. (" Hallelajah.)" And to follow Him seems to me the only ground on which a man can claim to be a christian. Where are you 1 If you are right may God confirm you. ■ If you are in the main right, may God make you wholly t oo. May he endow you with a' ChriBt-iike spirit and zeal for the rescue of perishing souls. If you are not, then Jesus Christ is heia to give himself away. (" Halle lujah.") "Behold, I stand at thedoor and knocK" (" Glory,") " Open the door and He will go in." Now comes the climax. The audience have lost all control over themselves. They hang on the words of the speaker with cries and ejaculations, and sobs. < And the " General" with both hands, tipj. lifted above his head, goes on. " The time is now. Now, now, now. The time is now for calvation, for the baptism, for the purifying flame. Burn out anger and envy and temper. (" Yea").Burriitout: (" Amen"). Everybody who wantsio say Amen ("Amen") Sayiit again. (" Amen.") All this is going be! Everybody who believes jt say Amen! {" Amen.") And may ihe blessing of the -Father and the Son and ihe Holy. Ghost be upon every man and woman here.1. The "General" finishes in the midst of a scene of hysterigal excitement. He goes away, and some of the people follow him. .Others remain, for how long it is hard to say; but-at 1 o'clock a meeting —apparently theeame meeting, is in full the same "^fcaff ofece^and " hallelujah lapses* on the platform, the. same tremendous audience,' fbjjj same band,, playing as vig orous and earnestly as they were . three teivesvat a quartertoS o'clock, meets with the same tremendous reception, andfgoes very muchtbroogh the i»rne, programme. His speech. ferent, is on the whole a' fairly complete reproduction of that of the afternoon. Bat in the evening's proceedings there is one great' and striking difference. The afternoon was the sermdn. The evening isihe apdlication. \- . : ~ . THE" PESIXiBNT^^OBM. Hour after hour the nervous excite ment of the afternoon has been steadily worked up. . The .songs and choruses have passed by, the collection has been made, the"Oeneral" is approaching the climax of his speech. "God," he says, "is like a ^confectioner- -He preserves you and he •sweeten&you; glory be to God.. What you wain to do is to go into partnership with Hull ; but you want to sharethe profits and take none of the risk. God doesn't do business that way. You can't go into.partnership with Him on, the limited liability principle. If you want power, if you want glory, if you want love, if you want the blood of Christ, you can have it a thousand times over, but you mtistpay thelull price. Tou can't beat it down or • cheapen it, as you would a tradesman, from £5 to £4. When you aBk what the price is, the answer comes,. * All you've gotj' and you'must pay it or leave it alone. . The poor widow had only two miteB, and she got it, and a compli ment into thebargain. She gave all she had." '" Let ub pray." There is a silence, and every headis bent. The" General" goes on again, ** Some of you want to come to Christ.* Come "now. Come to the penitentform. IJise in your places and remain standing, iitd 'close your eyes, while we sing tnkt': hymn that is always kfc fevoiita; : is calling." We are going to sing it very softly. While we are sinking it say ito yourself, " Jesus, I give myself to you?' Do it. Now we will sing:— " I hearthy welcome voice That calls me Lord, to Thee ; Tocleanse me; in Thy precious blood ThatftV* ed on Calvary." "Now we will.go on. Jesus is calling. That is what you must think of. Never mind your feelings. Remember nothing except that Jesus Christ iB offering you that salvation which you want. Now, now, Jesus is calling. Open your hearts wide, He is coming now.1' The response to the appeal was' im mediate, and all over the hall the ligureB of the "saved" Btood out prominently above the bowed forms of the audience; Most, of them were young women, the majority of the slender and fragile type that forms the typical idea of a Hallelujah lass. Bat ;there were many men. And while the choir softly sang the hymn, they began to move forward to the peni tent form*? where ..they cast themselves down with their tears and sobs.. The *' officers" and, the " Hallelujah lasses" ^ere :: ' busy among the _ kneeling women and men praying, entreating, encouraging. On the platform " Colonel" Nicol thundered out a prayer. The whole scene was ecstatical or hysterical, according to the pointof view from which it .was looked at. Perhaps the most pleasing feature about it was that it brought the meeting to a close. 