[?] ® HOUSE OF RfflBI." a story of the ,TMack Country'' of South Staffordshire Bz JEANIB GWYNNE BETTAHT, Author of " Aunt Saracen's Two Legacies," etc. ATAPTER XLIV.— JUBAL Rbvistts Jotelbt. " That morning, when it was nearly afarier. lime at the house of Eimraflfl, Tahiti tod his ijjable David were coining across the Old Psrlr from the station of J umley. << What a heathenish place this is !" Tubal remarked to his uncle, looking scornfully5 around at the wretched tumble-down buiidifljgs, the literally black road, and the great- mounds bf cinders, and ominous-looking holes; ii Really, I had no idea' it was half so had as this." , "'1 1 " f « Ah, Jubal," said his uncle, " we never can fudge a place till we've another to oompare it pith. When I was a little lad, and used to Carry jour grandfather's dinner in a basin tied up in a handkerchief, I should havebeen ready to slay anyone as had saidJumley wasn't the finest place in the world. No, not tin,!," eaid ,paYid, blushing slightly. " I wasalwaye more like running away than slaying anybody. But these mines," he went on, pointing with. jus walking stick, " weren't worked out then, Juba7, that is, all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your father, Dorcas, and I, and the dear haby that died, we used to play of a night, at hop - scotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, and we used to run oyer the pit-banks until it fot dark. And you see that house over there, ubal r" he said, indicating the remains of one; (< maiiy's the time Pve seen your grandfather gashing what he cilled the first coat' off, out side that door. There was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a verydean woman, and she couldn't bear to have her place messed up, she said, as soon as w was cleaned." " Well, uncle," rejoined Jubal, with a high colour iu his cheeks, " I mean no offence ; but for our future comfort, it may be as well that I should just say, that 1 am not particularly proud of having had a grandfather who worked in a coal-pit ; nor am I particularly In terested in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet ; nor of games played by tny father and aunt Dorcas and you. And if I bring any fellows home with me, as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention thislrind of thing. Of course, I mean no offence. But fellows are apt to look down on this sort of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather blight not have been a very good man.' "He was a very good man," said his uncle in a low tone, fie was t iking in with difficulty what he was hearing, and he was wounded. Tubal went on — " You see, however interesting there accounts may be to members of the family, they cannot be interesting to outsiders." "But you are not an outsider, Tubal," re plied his uncle, iu the same grieved tone. "Still, you see," went on Tubal, "I never knew my grandfather, which is almost equal to not belonging to him. Aad," he added, tak ing out a cigar, and lighting it, at the same time being very careful not to soil his straw- coloured glove, which fitted to a nicety, and was bordered by the whitest of white cuffs, " I can't say that 1 know a single member of the family that anyone would like to belong to ex cept you." And Jubal glanced through his long lashes, at his uncle's face, to see the effect of his little compliment. He saw only the troubled look. David. Bimmon did not care much for compliments, - and did not see them readily. Bathe did notice Jubal'scigar, and Said to him " Well, Jubal, if I were you, I wouhfn't go into your father's house smoking, seeing he dislikes it so." " I would do a good deal to please you, uncle, but I shall not come here to palaver my father. They are not to kill the fatted calf on my behalf, and hail the prodigal returned. And that is the kind of story he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank, if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he s&ya; I'm penitent, it shall be a direct lie , he shan't have a foundation of excuse for it. And see, uncle," he said, point ing with his hand iu which he held his lighted cigar for a moment, " as you ore fond of re- mlu's :enc .-s, there is the noble ediSce occupiedby grandmother daring the latter part of her delightful sojourn in this neighbourhood." David, slow though he was, could take the impression of a tone as quickly as anyone ; and he felt that Jubal had known her as a querulous old woman, it was true ; but David had known her as the patient, hard-working mother of the family, fie could remember many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door, when he had fallen down, or when some playfellow had been hitting him. He did not put all this in words, but he M-ifl with a gentle dignity which became him greatly — " Yon asked me, Jubal, not to speak about your grandfather, or our childhood. I now beg of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom wife ?#. A hit of old parchment somebody has threwiLaway." " But you have never examined it. It might . bekomeunportant docsunont. " I fion't know how you are to. know, -if you. don't examine it." - ; ' f „v v , Jhbal did Irnow wjhat it wax, ana did not aid his uncle to know-rhat is, tokuew ton certain extent. He . had re,- oognised his father's handwritragupon it ; thin , was enough for him. . , Yes ; the knife had been to the grinder's, and had gok sharpened ; tot it seemed to have dreamsof cutting onits own. account. Tubal, tovifiga notion that his uncle was pondermg over, what he had Ticked up, tod wikhingto change Ids thoughts, remarked, " What ah \- awful mew this road makes of one's hoots and -one's trousers !" "Ystt con turn your trousers'up," rtolied his uncle, looking down at Jubsi's, " r turned mlneupinttostetioii:" . " But you see, return Tubal; in a/lordly fashion, " trouser-bottoms ne ver sit well when " ttove beenturned up. It quite Bpoils the This kind of talk was beyond David's Com prehension. But just as he had always thought that- Joshua knew better than he did, so now he thought that Jubal did, at least in m>st thidgs. The stronger will has often this kind of effect on the weaker ofle. A strong wind is propelling a boat on a coarse which, threatens disaster ; surely the wind cannot be at fault. Why then trouble to alter the sails ? The boat may be blown upon the rocks and smashed to atoms, but What of that ? One musttobmit to the will of Providence. Jubal pulled his coat a little down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They were in the road where his father lived. In the houses they had to pass, people might be at the windows — people he had known, and who had known him when he was shabby, and used to go about with a stoop. Boys he used to play marbles would probably see him. Well, if they did, they should see a gentleman, a fashionable man of the world, Jubal thought, who was not ruined by his father's <iininhftHt»ng him. who was not coming home in sack cloth and ashes to denote his repentance, but in as fashionable a suit as the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with an air and manner befitting such clothes. It was no beggar coming to his father's house, to ask bread. Jubal went as a prince conferring a favour by his presence. The door was opened. Sarah, who tod not seen Tubal so long, could hardly keep her joy in. She seized him after the manner of the Black County people, not too gently. " And, oh, what a beautiful gentleman he's growea into," she exclaimed. " Bless his handsome face." m It was not until she had exhausted as many epithets as she could think of, that she begin to notice that Juhal was not so effusive, Iu fact, , he was considering whether she tod been cooking, and might possibly grease his clothes. He said — " Oh, so it's you, Sarah. How do you do ?" This without a smile, and iu a very condescend ing way ; and to w&s; &bout; to pass her, - when he turned hack, arid patting his. hand in his pocket, took out half-a-crown. " Here, Sarah," to said, superiorly, "yon lent me half-a-crown once;- here it is. I just remembered it." . Sarah stared" at' him in ' blank amazement, -tot did not. hold out. her hand—the hard working, rough hand that was always so kindly and so ready to labour to the uttermost in loving offices for -those she cared for. Jubal dropped the half-acfown into her hand, taking great care not to touch her with his glove. The touch of the cold metal seemed to make Sarahre&lise; the truth. She flung itfrom her, and flurig her apjon over her head, and began to sob, While she gasped out — " No,I_wilL never tabs it ; opt not if X were starving. Ta think that I would to' give , all my savings tot one shake of his land." " J ubal hushed, and drew off one o£ his tight- fitting gloves. ".Dear me," he said, " if irs a shake-hands you want, I don't object to shaking hands tod he held oat a hand white enough to have done a lady credit, hut the girl would not take it. How many have had to suffer a like disappointment : how few are prepared for it beforehand. Oar brother or oar sister goes away from us for years, to tome back again, so the world says. The body returns perhaps, tot the same self never. We have Said good-bye to that person for ever. Yet those who stay at home think, of the absent day and night during the' long years, and break their hearts whenbuta ghost of the lost one comeahome. Jubal merely did as the world does ; only Sarah had never thought out the question. She knew that for years she had lightened hie life when he was at home and . miserable, that she had during the past week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. Ana now he treated her like a stranger, and did not even shake hands with her. O simple Sarah ! with your good heart, yon have made and hidden away in the cupboard an applet pasty for him ; but his tastes have changed, he does not care for apple-pasty now. Fate de foie gras u more in his link Yon may as well leave the pasty in the cupboard where it is. Bat people in the Black Country don't cry quieuy. They do nothing by halves. Ana Sarah's cry brought Miss Dorcas on the scene, resplendent in a green silk. " Whatever's tins disturbance about ?" said that lady. But her eyes falling on her nephew, sho was thuaderatrackby his appearance. Could tins handsome figure that might have come out of a gentleman's fashion-hook be tor nephew J ubal ? It seemed impossible. " How d'ye do, aunt ?" said J ubal, extending the tipsof ms fingers. areioo fineftosucli a-house'to 1 |;tiu8l" toe remarked somewhat cuttingly . " We ure notgrahdenough tor sutn a fine gentie- toan.fr rv ajaoch how. (Sarah Spedaway into thskitiffiea.) "Its not t «njoy myself I have come, totto sce the naketores of the land- You .see," to said, hlilfalher was somewhare within hearing, J l ve tot tot my Bcriptore knowledge rust. ; wit really aunt, yon are behind ftotfinesdown here at Jumley ; green isn't in fashion, you know, How— not in Manchester." This wasa very spiteful thrust, aud it went home. - " You are. vary rude, indeed," rejoined ' Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green ;olk nevertiiess. "I get the fashion-plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you. Well, David," she said, turning abruptly towards her brother ; and a cool famiiy kiss was exchanged. But wheTe "Was Mis. Bimmon aH this txme f Will it be believed she was within hearing, arid ' yetdidnot come to speak to her son? She was : half-afraid. He did not seerii to have received theothers wall; what would he think of her ?- ' Jubal werit into the dining-room, not sedng Mb mother in the dark passage leading into Ike kitchen. The table waslaid for dinner. Jubal looked at everything on the table, while his uncle aridhis father shookhands. Mr. Bimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to his son. and Jubal decided that he could live without shaking hands with his father; so there was no sort of greeting between them. Juha meant to speak to Mb father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any strtoger ; and an occasion came. Jubal sat .down on' one of the chairs, tod' got up again directly, looking scornfully at it. \- " You don't mean to say that you've hot had ' the spring of that chair mended yet ?" he said to his father and that was aU. Dinrier must come in, and Mrs. Bimmon knew she could delay no longer ; so she timidly entered the room, her face nervously working,.' and tor tears ready to fall. Jubal kissed her, and held her from him mid looked at her, and kissed her again. "The farce has begun, has it ?" said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. " No," said Tubal, standing with his arm round his mother's waist, "it has not. The farce will begin when the minister comes in to ttoanffyou and father act the loving family When Keziah entered ths room, veiy pale, and looking paler in her black dress, which she wore for her grandmother, Jnbal could hardly believe 'it was his sister. The 'short, crisp, Mack curls were the same as ever, but the features appeared to be changed ; they were more pointed — a change due to thinness. She went first and kissed her uncle David. He pressed her hand encouragingly, and was much tenderer than ever in his manner towards her. Then Keziah went behind Jubal's chair, and, leaning over, kissed his forehead. "Oh, Keziah," exclaimed Jubal, starting, " how frightfully cold -your lips are !" " Are they ?" said Keziah, with a wan smile ; and she took her place at the table, kissing her mother as she passed her. The door was now flung open, and Mr. Hackbit swaggered in, and surveyed the com pany with a leer. He gave a general nod, sat down and placed Ms napkin across his knees. " Well, brother-in-law," said Jubal, across the table, "your valet has neglected you this morning. Do you know your toilefs rather defective-?" Mr. Hackbit looked severely across at Tubal, and remarked with some asperity that he would rather wear no clothes at all than be dressed up like a doll, as Jubal was. Dorcas was sitting next to Mm. " Your necktie's right tinder your ear," she said, " and you look as if you'd been to bed in your clothes." " And you," retorted Hackbit, looking critically at his aunt and her get-up, " you look as if you'd just come out from nn a glass shade, you ao." " Oh, don't let us . have any quarrelling." put in David. " What can be the use of that ?" After dinner, Jnbal announced Ms inten- i tionof taking a stroll. The mother would ! have liked to have begged Mm to remain- with tor, butiibw could she dictate to this son who had grown into such a gentleman ? . " Yes, -Bhow yoursefi to jth'e inhabitants, " was Hackbif s comment. " You'll collect a. crowd if you go out." " You'll collect a bigger crowd than I shall, some day," retorted Jub&l.; « And really, Hackbit," he said, eying his brother-in-law with a good bit of merriment in his face, " I want to light a cigar, and I believe I could do it at your nose. Have you been acting the clown, and forgotten to wash your face ?" With this home-thrust he went out ; and Kfczieh helped to clear the table. Mr. Simpler was to come to tea. He had been invited to dinner, but had made an excuse. Whentea-time came he appeared. There was a marked coldness in Dorcas's manner of receiving Mr, iBtopler, which that gentleman could well account for. He, for., his part, appeared to have some fine j oke on hand, and laughed to himself without any evident reason several times in succession ; arid at each laugh Dorcas, coloured. He was, how ever, scrupulous iu Ms attention to her, and also seemed to take some interest in Jnbal, whom he had been led to suppose a very different sort of person. CHAPTER XLY.—Mqee BfTXEB THAN Sweet. When at last the e vening waao ver, and it was time to go home, Mr. JEtimpler offered to esoqrt Miss Dorcas, which seemed natural enough ; but no sooner had to made the proposal than Dorcas raid, spitefully, " No, thank you, Mr. Bimpter, I am no chicken, and am not at all afraid of being iu' the Old; Park myself at night." In spite of this, Bimpler did ga with tor ; and they walked along in silence for a considerable dis tance. At last Miss Dorcas said, anapptshly, " Are you going to speak, or.not, Silas r" Mr. Simpler gave a snort, and said in a tone of some bitterness, " I don't remember the oooasioh on which I asked you to call me Silas. When I hsgin to call you Dorcas, "you'll have some excuse." The unquenchable spirit of the spinster rose. "And if I did call you SOas, how many aliens and outcasts would be glad to have somebody to take them by the hand and call them by their Christian name." " But I happen to be neither an alien-not an outcast. I tell you once for all, you must drop it." "Oh, Silas, w Mr. Bimpler stopped in the pathway. "If yon dou'tdrop it, I won't go another inch with you; so now you know. And another thing I should like to refer to is your manner of making signs at me before people." "And you never take any notice when I do,' interrupted Miss Dorcas, "no matter how im portant it may be. ' ' "And I never will notice. Jf tell you once for all, I won't have it. Do you think I want all the world to believe we have a secret under standing together ? It was disgusting all the evening to see your eye fixed «n roe every time I looked your way," Aud fhis after Che way you toft me in the Old Ptok list; flight ! ' SSia' Dorcas, gtowf&g; irate to tor turiri They 'tare on the same jpround tow, -si1 , r- "111 leave you here again if you don't miad." " Then youTlleave rill that I have to com- - munktoe to you?' - - - " f. don't, care a d about your communi cation." . " You know you do, or. vou wouldn't have taken so much trouble about it all. Well, at i any ratef I got the papers you aeked me to get out of Joshua's safe." " Where are they ?" responded Silas, now interested in a moment, and betrayed into showing it. He had not expected: this " Well, I waited here, till. I wfls cold and tired, last night, and I lost them ; so there." "You lost them," raid Bimpler, horror- struck. Yes, tod I had them safe enough, when you came first; and you'd have had them if it hadn't been for your going off with that foreigner. I heard you deny me to him, arid laugh when to said that I was no cMcken. Men are bad enough for anything." But Silris had not been listening to her last words. He was absorbed by the thought that the papers were lost. ' At last he drew a long breath, as if to had forgotten to breathe a few moments, tod wto making up for it. " Well," he mtid j " what a fool I have been." Dorcas was infinitely relieved to find it was not herself to was calling a fool. "I might know that a woman was sure to make an ass of herself in business," he added. This somewhat spoiled the soothing effect of the last sentence he had uttered. They had now come to a standstill, both of them. "Now, I have a warning to give you," said SOJlas. " It to for your own good, nor tone. on must be as silent as the grave upon this business. , Do not think of telfirig anything to' spite me, ever it would be no good. You've no proof of any kind against me, remember; and the moment I hear of your doing anything, ; then I'shall begin.. And if I ever should, yoa will wish you had never been born, mind that. And from to-night I've done with you; sodon'-t get trying to see me or to speak to me. And now we are parting, I'll say another thing to you, that I've been thinMng all along ; and that is this. There's no wickedness you'd stop at, to get your own ends. You don't mind whom you betray. But you can't think for the future that vou've done it all in the dark. Fve seen my share of bad women ; but I never came across a worse than you, in reality." - Dorcas was literallv thunderstruck. She could make no reply, wie could not believe she was hearing right. " And is this true, all that yon are saying ?" she said at length. " Yes, it is true," replied Bimpler. " Then," said she, with a tragic air, " I shall throw myself down one of these old mines." " Don't," said Bimpler, quietly. " It would be quite lost upon me. I should not try to get ypu out ; arid I should not go iu mourning for you." And Miss Dorcas did not fulfil her threat. " And I am really to say good-bye to you, Silas ?" said Dorcas plaintively. "Am I never to hear the sound of your voice again, the voice that has grown so dear to me ?'» "You'll hear my voice soon enough, if you interfere with my business. And really I don't think I ever did meet with such a humbug in my whole life. But I tell you, I can see through it ; don't tty it on with me." "Then I will go home to my desolate hearth," said Miss Dorcas, still in a tragical vein. "Yes, do," said Bimpler. "You'd make any heirth desolate ; and you'd turn any para dise into a howling wilderness." " Very well," returned Dorcas, " I will leave you ; and the day may come when I can do you a bad turn, audi shall do it, never you fear." " I don't fear," was Rimpler's reply, " but I knew it before you told me." Yet Dorcas did not move off. " Look here," said Bimpler ; " if you think fay waiting you'll get me to alter my mind, you're mistaken. I shall go not a step farther with you, arid vou can go home yourself." Dorcasmoved away with great bitterness iu her heart. But when she was out of sight, Silas lit match after match, and searched quite fruitlessly as we know he must—for the missing papers. He scarcely expected to find anything in nis search ; but he was very angry, mid it suited his humour to be searching. He was not alone, though he imagined him self to be so. Jubal had strolled after Bimpler and his aunt, on pretenoe of smoking, but iu re ality hoping to hear what terms they were on, and to mid out anything detrimental to either of them. He heard the quarrel, wMch amused and gratified Mm. He also felt sure what the subject was. But if be had not been sure, his suspicion would have been confirmed by the 'search Mr Bimpler made under Ms eyes. Jubal did not wait to see how this search ended. He preferred to get away while still unobserved. When he got home — that is, to Me father's house— he found Ms mother m a violent state of agitation. What is the matter, mother ?" he asked. " Oh, Jubal, somebody has robbed your father." "Do you mean broken into the bank, mother?" No, the safe, here, in the house. He's nearly frantic." « Was it money ? "No ; papers." ; fi Well, they can't matter much, unless they're bank notes," said J ubal. Jubal swaggered into the room where Ms father was. " What is it you've lost ?" he said in an in different tone. " Papers," cried Mr. Bimmon, quite forgetful for the moment that to and his son were enemies. " I suppose they're not of much consequence," aid Tubal. " They are of all consequence," cried Ms father. " I tell you unless 1 can gain possession of those papers I'm ruined— ruined-— do you hear, Jubal r— rained." 4fXhey must be fanny kinds of papers, I should think, " said Jubal. " Jufaai," said David, who was as white M his brother, " is tins a tune to talk like that?" " When were they stolen ?" Jubal asked his father. "To-day?" " Oh, no ; I've had the key in my possession all day." " Lock picked, I suppose, then." " No, the lock has riot been picked," said the father, despairingly. " Then how do you account for it?" " Yesterday I dropped my key accidentally; it must have been used by someone." "Well," said Jubal with mock sympathy, " it isn't a pleasant thing to have lost papers that compromise you. You may never find out where they are ; and it's like a" sword hang ing over your head by a hair, isn't it, father?" Every word stabbed Mr. Bimmon. Who knew their weight so well as he did? " Oh," he said, taming to his brother, with a touch of very real feding, "howl wish I'd stuck to my bank, David, and kept everything square." " I wish thee hadst," replied David falling into his dialect in his emotion. " Jubal," went on Ms father; iri0i «i£i rtod Tftigiwirtff Wiiii lliTntol' Iras ' The father took no notice, but Wmit mi iB « most solemn tone. Bntyoarire young, aria need never come to be what I am. ou'tfi " Well, yon shall hear fipnte more, Tribal, though it may be the lac todR9 tho4rueet M all the Bible. 'The way SausgwaBOra fii ;hard.'V r .v. : David was quite overcoine, arid hid Mg facti in Ms hands; Jubal felt aa kindling of sttft pathy. , .... k>- if " Don't take any notice Of imeto" fjm saidroptoouriy; Making out!" meat toSSfofSmTto agonised tone. " That Is likely, that is ! X meant to set it all right, and to give up tto other business." It was the first time thh "other business" had ever been alluded' to between brothers, "Arid now I've to cfaaaoe._ _ Half aahour later, when Jcehuawaaalime;h» bitterly revetted havmg exposed himself in this manner, and he would have regretted it stillmore had he known that th« eon- Mori whom he had committed himself had the miae - ing papers at -that very moment in Mfc possesU sion, and gloried in it. Joshua had been a hard tyrant to Jubal when Jubal was a fay; -and. now that J ubal was independent of tl" hw showed no disposition to heap coals of fljee tife ' Ms father's head by returning good for ev£ -Had tois view of the ca se been put to Tribal' to wad probably have said, bo great was his hatred to his father, that he would have pre ferred to heap coals of fire under Ms father's feet and burn him to ashes. The slave . terrible slaverdriver when his diance comest His master may have known limits; tokaoits none. . f So while Joshua tossed that night upon Ms pillow in an agony, for. the time being, of remorse, his con lay awake, too, for very joy. ' He had got his father in his power. CHAPTER XLYI. — Death Befqre Dis- HOUOUB. The snow had been . falling all the evening, sometimes slightly, sometimes more thicMy. It was falMng when the different companiea went home from the house of Bimmon. When Thomas Hackbit and Keziah had got outsido the house, he said to her — "You are a very fair actress, Keziah,, hut I can beat you in acting.'' Keziah turned her face towards him in stinctively, though she could not see him, not id miss what to should say next. " You havekept your eyes open very well, considering you were up ail last night. But don't you think I have, considering that I was . up, too ? Should you like to know where I was last night, Keziah ?" " No," she replied in a stifled manner. " But I shall tell you. whether you wish to hear or not. I passed the night in my own garden, Keziah." Keziah could not bear to have it broken to her thus. She would do it herself, and have it over the more quickly. The quiet tone in which he ires speaking filled her with to finite dread. Of course he knew everything. Well, there was no help for it. " Yoa may as well say it at once; you saw us, and you heard everything." " Yes," he echoed, " I saw you, and I heard everything." "Then, Thomas," she said, putting both of tor hands on his arm, and forcing him to stop, "you heard me refuse to go. xhat is better than anything I oonid have told you, if yon heard it." This seemed to lighten her load for the moment. At least to had not to take her word for it ; he had heard her Mmself. " I know," she went on with great fervour, " how wrong I have been, I know it myself, if you do not say it ; but I at least stopped short, and ," she continued, beginning to cry bitterly, " I was -so miserable.' ' Keziah had made a mistake in using this last expression- Hackbit had been in love with her in a certafia way, perhaps was so still ; and fit : does not smooth a man's temper for Ms wife to tell him, by way of excuse, that she has been led into seeking the company of another man because to, forsooth, has made her. miserabto It was therefore with additional bitterness thai he next spoke to her. "Don't try that on with me, Keziah," hs said, shaking her off. "Nothing yen can say will alter my decision." Them he had arrived at some decision, Keziah thought, her tout failing her. She did not attempt to imagine what it oould be; she knew it must be the worst for her, whatever it was. " It is not last night alone that you have mei that man, Keziah. I know all about it, a nd I've detennined that, come what may in con sequence — mark my words, coma what may-", ycu shall never eater my house again." The full sense of the words oould hardly strike' Keziah in a moment. Oould to that she was to have no shelter that nights that she was to be shut out of house aad homo, like some vile creature who deserved no better? As she made no reply, he asked her, "Do you understand ?" They had walked on, and were now standing before their own house. w Yqu cannot mean it," she said huskily. . "I do mean it," to said. "Try to enter, and I will throw you hack with my owu hand." " But you won't separate me from my baby?" she said, with a sob in her voice. " You care for the baby!" to said with a hoarse laugh. Keziah clung to Mm. "I do, I do," she cried. "Let me have Mm, aad I will go away without a word." "And let Mm starve with you 1" sneered Hackbit. "But no, you are not going to starve," he added ; " you will know where tie go." Sto would not notice this. "Ho eMi not starve ; I would not hit him starve." " And so you think I would let hint eat that man's bread?" said Hackbit saroastimlly. " Ob, I can't make you believe me, if yoa won't," said Keriah; f,tt would not be that man's bread; but he should not starve." "And in any case," want <m Haokbit, "do you think I should let my ohild starve?" "But you would let me starve. " You are different, and yon know Where to I'm his mother," pleaded Kemah faintly "We've talked enough," was the toptyv " Aw&y; witfa you and to pushed sotns money into tor hnnd,a tew coins. So flung thane from her, and the enow covered- them. In o flash, it seemed, to was goae.oad thedoor was shut, and ehe heard it barred. Excited fa frenzy, she felt like ringing the bell violently, and rebelling against thif sudden expulrioii; aril she stood and gazed, uto could not have tain how long, at the house. At last ehe was ooneciousof someone approaoh- iug her; It was BAas Bhnpler, fito moved away, and he did not see her. €to heart kLa ring the bell. She heard the door unbolted. H was opened, and afiood of light shot across tit snow-oovered path. Should she make a redden breafltitnt tin Published by special arrangement with. Messrs Ward, Lock and Co., publishers. husband's and Mr. out, and allwas darir. Theanpw jpa to faU faster, Keziah felt jho yninf: 4" om«f.tiing for herself now. mat suggested itself was to gp round to title back of the. house, through the gi&den; gate, and look for the night-nursery light, Thaswfwfiut ;, - . , 44 TheybShcve X outstaying at mother's for theruCehe thought. " They little know I em shivering out here..' What a 'grim satire it seemed. She was standing on the spot where, last night,she had listened, With so much hidden longing in her heart -to an appeal to leave the place. To night she could not enter again if she would. She passed out at the garden gate again. She oould uotstay there, it wab dear. Go to her father's she would not. No, she most, walk on, as far away as she could, before morning. She would write toher mother. Slut the roads were had, and walking was difficult. When once oatsiae the gate, she had turned and thrown some kisses towards the windowwherefoe little Xeonard was asleep. " At least he will not Ill-treat the child," she thought ; and that was something. She had got a little housekeeping monev In her pocket. - She could go on a few daystili die should get something to do. .She trudged, patiently, along the road, which grew darker. She knew where she was going, and kept her direction; ; It ; was to Wolverhampton. She knew of a women there who kept & registry office for. servants. She had got servants. for her. She wouldgo to her, and get a temporary lodging while die could plan what to. do. The Wtunan had always seemed- kind and pleasant; ana this was the. only person Keziah conld think of that she would be willing to go to. It was a long, Weary walk, and Keziah had aot made much headway when she was conscious ?f being followed. She stopped a moment and istened. No one was fallowing her. Yet as soon as ihe began to walk again, she heard the footsteps after her. t Some furnaces were lighting up the way ahead of her, now. She must pass the glow ; so must the one who was following her. It is I horrible feeling, that of being followed in the darkness, and only those who have experienced It can know how horrible. Along a Black Country road this is especially true. There is a grinmess about the road, the boundaries of which are so often black .mounds, or dark, stagnant waters. To be followed on such a road is worse than to be followed on a decent high road with inoffensive hedges on either side. Keziah felt this to the full, in her excited con dition. It was one horror more added to the rest. .Besides, it is almost a necessity for a Black Country person born and bred to have some trace or superstition, so called ; and it didalarm Keziah all foe more that the footsteps ceased when she listened to them. She walked on bravely, and was gettingnearer and nearer to the light of the foundries. Bat then the clanging" of theironinade it almost impossible for her to hear the footsteps. She clang to the hope that she should see who it was when they both passed the light of the foundry. And now she herself was in the full glare, and her ears were deafened by the noise. A thought struck her. 44 Perhaps the thing that is foflowing me may wait till I am out of sight before passing and she, who had often traversed the road before, knew by experience that there were miles of dark, deserted road beyond this one light. Opposite the foundry was a tumble-down cottage, one of many such, deserted and left to rain when those who had occupied them had migrated. She would hide herself a moment in this place, and perhaps the thing that was following her would pass before her eyes. Once inside the cottage, Bhe placed herself in the shadow near where a window hadbeen, but where now not even a frame existed. She conld see the road, and she could see the foundry. She moved a little farther, for no particular reason, and something sprang upon iter with an unearthly sound. All sensation Stopped within her for a moment, and then her heart gave a great thump that nearly shook her. _ She saw what had startled her, for it was crossing the road now in the light. It was only a homeless cat that had sought shelter from the inclement weather. Still, the fright had increased her nervousness greatly. She tried to keep her attention on the dark road, with a streak of light across it. But somehow her gaze was fascinated by the foundry, where the night-workers moved hither and thither in a terrible glow of light, being covered at times by masses of sparks, and then dragging out from between immense rollers long-lengths of red-hot iron, and carrying them quickly, and without uny -apparent discretion, right Among the crowd of other workers, and laving them .at the side of others to cool upon the ground. These sUent workers, for they were hot talking to each other—how could they, for that matter, amidst the hubbub of hammers, the hissing of streams of water upon red-hot Iron, and the roaring of the forges ? They seemed to Keziah's excited mind almost like demons preparing for some evil deed. But now, as she looked, something obstructed the view. It was the figure of a man along the road. Bis face was turned towards the forge, and he seemed puzzled, and stood hesi tating. At last he walked across a black mound that separated the forge from the road, and went towards the great shed under which the men were working. He seemed to be speaking. One man eame out of the glare, and he held nis ear towards him, and then shook his head and went back. Keziah felt she mast move on now, or be de tected. for how did she know that the itxanger, whom she believed to be the person who nad followed her, might not look next Into the ruined cottage ? . But no, she could not move away. He was crossing the road, in the direct stream of light, and back was in foo full light; his face was in shadow. She put her hand against some of the brickwork to steady herself, and ik came down ;wifo a crash. The stranger paused, and then made bis way to the cottage. i One of the bricks had fallen heavily upon her foot. It was extremely oainful; Everything sepmedtobe closing in. The figure entered by the doorway, and came quite" near to her, . and then, in what seemed to her an Unearthly tone, ppks her name. If she did not cry out, that did not proceed worn any great braveiy on her part; it was from inability. Who has not in a thunder storm Waited, with bated breath for the next dap and flash ? ad if on a lonely stretch of moor, who has not trembled inwardly in such a storm, as crash has succeeded crash, and glare, utter darkness? Keziah's life of the last few hours was sueha storm as this, and at this moment her breath was bated for another crash, with possible, .direful consequences. Bomeone had said,-" Keziah," but foe voice was one she did not know. Ifitrhftt appeared ages afterwards, a hand foe-Bamb stjrogeyoioe sa$f"#onl J0 wtow > and struck "$er. Xfiu Was her foought-aV But onte heels -oanie another thought. ' The bolt had descended and ' had struck ner.. She kne# who Was speaking to her. "How darp Jdu follow me?" she said. " How can jqja have the cowardice ? And only , last night you promised me you would never see me again. Ypu have lied to me; you haye lied to me )" she said bitterly, the tears chasing each other rapidly down her cheeks in foe darkness, ; A groan w&s; theonly reply to thiH. ' " Why, do you want me to hate you, tod ?" she cried. " If yon loved me, you would cue for my reputation." 44 Oh, Keziah," cried her companion in heart broken tones, " to think you should ever ore such words to me ! You have misunderstood me, quite misunderstood me." " I have understood you perfectly," returned Keziah. " It Is ydu who have not understood me." And she tried to limp away. But foe -pain in her foot was so great, she was obliged to stop herself. ' 1 Keziah, why won't you believe me ? I said I had come to take care of you, as your father might, or your brother ; that is my meaning." " Yes," she cried, passionately, " like my father and my brother I you have well spoken.' My father and my brother would rain me for their own ends ; so would you, or you would never have asked me to leave my husband's roof last night, and bo get me turned out to night. Yet I was going away, praying for you, add fozgiying yoiz. But now you have broken your word, alia followed me, to. take .advantage of my misery, what can! say io you? If ever .there was ..-a moment wjien you should have keptyourself far-foom me, it is'nbw," " Keziah, I would die for you." "Fhen why not do a small thing, and keep away from me ?" " Keziah, that is a greater thing." 11 Then be a man and do foe greater thing. I have done wrong, too," she said, weeping afresh, 44 or I might never have come to this." "No, it was all my fault," said Rupert, gazing with despairing tenderness at her. " I deserve what has come," said Keziah. " Heaven knows, that is not true," replied Bupert. "It is land only I, who have been to blame. Keziah, tell me what to do, and you shall see how I will obey you now." " Go back at once to Leamington, if you mean what you say ; and show the world that I am not With you. That will hp proving your love for ma" "I will do it," he answered, with a sob. "But you will tell me where you are going? At least you will tell me that ?" " No," said Keziah, sadly ; " It is right you should not know that either." " What harm could it be for you to tell me where you are?" "There would be harm." " You have some money with you ?" " Yes, I have some money." 44 And will you take juBt a little from me? You may return it some day, if you life." "Do you not understand," broke out Keziah hotly, 44 that I can have no dealings with you of any kind ? Go back at once ; you may even now have been seen following me." He took off a large scarf that was about his neck. " Let me give you this, Keziah. You are hut ill-clad." "How can you!" she cried, despairingly. "Why do you make my way so difficult? Would you have me found in possession of your scarf? Where is your common sense ?" " Oh, God !" cried Bupert, breaking down utterly, and sobbing. "And am I, who love you so, not to he allowed to do the least King for you, because a cursed villain has robbed you from me, and ill- treated you, and shut bis door upon you?" " It can do no good to talk of that now," said Keziah. She was; about to pass him. He caught her by foe arm, still shaken with sobs, and would not let her_ pass. She tried to wrench herself free. _ "Keziah, I haye only one thing to ask you. I know more about foe world than you do, Keziah. If you do not want to be suspected, Keziah, go to some friend. You need not tell me. whom. If you promise me this one thing, 1 shall go away contented. Contented! No, not that. But it will he more endurable, that is all I can say." "I will promise you that, then," said Keziah. And she Was moving away again. "Not one word of farewell. Keziah?" he said. - - "Good-bye," she answered, passing on. He had almost hoped, when he had so far acceded to her wish, that she wouldhave riven a different farewell from this cold "good-bye." But her manner was such that he dared not for more. The Keziah he loved could never be further from him, he felt, than she was this night. "he was outside now; hut these words followed her in a choked whisper, "You will say you forgive me." "I forgive you," she said in a low voice: and disappeared in foe darkness. And El worthy, half beside himself with grief and misgiving, and unable to do anything, watched foe spot where hear figure had dis appeared, until his eyes were strained; but follow her he would not— rather, could not. And when at last he had gazed so long that his eyes, grown weary, drooped their fids, he slowly turned his head and gazed at the foundry. "No man has ever been so wretched as I am," he thought within himself, " so wretched and so powerless." And while he thoughtthis, the immense hammers came down upon the iron; and flattened it and crushed it.- "Oh!"- he thought, 44 if only I could place my head one moment under that hammer, and end it all it would he so soon over." He remained long gazing at foe glare, and scarcely thinking. All was too much m a tumult within him. At last he became conscious that he must go away. If he were not in Leamington in foe morning people might say he had been with Keziah They should never-say that; and he staggered out of foe place, and walked like a drunken man along the road. - It had ceased snowing: sometime, and the path was very dark. Snow blackens almost as ib falls in foe Black Country ; and it most be deep indeed before It can be like a pure white sheet over the earth; It was not deep now, and was blackened s lit had fallen. At last he struckhiS foot against something : it wm only la rising footpath, of which there are many xathese neighbourhoods, a foot, and even sometimes a yard, above the road. He staggered along this footpath. It seemed to be going down all at once. He felt himself fall, ing, and the next sensation was that water waB closing over his head. CHAPTER XLVJI. — The Gbeater Babns. And he said, . . . "I will pulldown my barns, and build greater." Had Keziah waited before her -own house a little longer, ehe wouldhave seen the Hghfa re appear in foe two front bedroom windows ; for Mr. Hackbit, having made an effort to go to bed as if nothing were the matter, had found himself quite too excited to sleep, " — it." jbe nrid to himself, " PnhatoHhft <>& wetoim forostito wwf." : . «ow Mx. Hackbifc was deeper than Rimpler garehunCredit for bang:: though h ridtete 1 things outsometimes when he was dronfefoey" \- never were things that told ajgainst himself, To-night he had driven Keziah forth, and so" natural had been his demeanour that fid one suspected it. The servants knew she had hot come home, but they thought she must be stay ing at her mother's, and of course they kuew belter than to ask Mr. Hack bit a question. Mr. Bimplor, finding Hackbit at home on his return, imsrined Keziah to be in foe houBe. He had likewise imagined Hackhlt to be ignorant of what had occurred the right before So when Hackbit rapped sharply at his door, and then thrust his head in, ana said, " Get up, Kimpler, I say; lets have a drink," he merely thought Hackbit had passed an .'unpleasant day, and meant to make up for it ; ana got up directly, very quickly as Hackbit thought, for he did not know My, Rimpler was sitting dressed by the window. When Mr. Simpler had fumbled about foe room a little, he lit his candle, completed his toilet as if it had been morning, and went downstairs. He looked in foe dining-room, but found no Mir. Hackbit. He was surprised. He 'went into foe WT and listened ; he heard a movement in the kitchen, and went there. "I say, what are yon doing ?" he asked Hackbit, who was prowling about with a -Candle. " I am going to get some wood to light a fire in foe drawing-room adding, with great as sumption of grandeur, " We'll sit in ine draw- ingrzoomt Rimpler. I'm a rich man, and shall, be richer. Why shouldn't I use the best room I've got ?' . "All -right," replied Rimpler, amused, ' that's your look- out you know. Only I shouldn't haye foought you were such a fool as to tell anyone you are rich." ' You are not foe outside world.' " No ; and you're shrewd enough to know I should know in any case. That's it, isn't it, Hackbit?" A large fire was soon burning in the drawing- room, what with the unusual quantity of wood and foe bellows which Mr. Rimpler plied. Hackbit sat down complacently, with two or three bottles in front of him, also glasses and sugar. " I say, Rimpler, how should you like to be a partner?" "Obj I don't know," replied Rimpler, in differently. "But I say, Rimpler, by Jove, we are making money, old Eimmon and L Yon think you know everything, hut we could sur prise yon a bit. Some people save and save and save, and never enjoy their money. I . don't mean to be like that." And he ponred : out a glass of neat brandy, and took a draught without blinking. " What if my father was a collier, I mean to have a place among country gentlemen, them. Rofesworth Hall is to let, and I mean to take it. I'm getting richer than them all, and, . hang it, why shouldn't I live as well ? Ah, Rimpler, though they hate me, they Bhall envy me. H old Josh Rimmon is content to live in that pig-sty, all the bettor for me. I'll live for foe two of us." he took another draught of brandy. " And - me, Rimpler," he went on, " there's some pleasure in living when you can buy a horse, or what not, that some noble lord would give his head for, just be cause you've the longest purse. By Jove, I'd give any price, if I thought one of them chaps wanted it." All this did not arouse the interest and sym pathy in Mr. Rimpler which it might have had he not known about the missing papers. The man who knows that the best horse in a race has been drugged and will break down does not show astounding acuteness in not back ing the House jof Rimmon ; and" throughout Mr. jRimpler's life he had nearly alwayB hacked foe winner. He rather enjoyed the joke of hearing Hackbit run on, however, and en couraged him to talk. . Bills of Sale are foe grandest investments," said Hackbit, " while it can be kept, dark; .and my experience is," he went on in a cunning tone, " that people who have been sold up have not spirit enough left .to go to law wuhyou about it, neither have foev foe "cash." and he burst into a laugh. " Do you know, in the beginning, Rimmon wanted topay me & salary ? I soon taughQhim a lesson, I've had more than he's had, by Jove, There's a day for every dog, and let every dog have his day." " Yes," Mr. Rimpler assented, 11 let every dog have his day. My day'H come next." And he pretended to sip his brandy. " Don't count your chickens before they're hatched," replied Hackbit, who wasnow getting much the worse for drink. „ 3C-,?oult retorted Mr. Rimpler. Neither do I get drunk, and so see double when I'm about counting them, after they're hatched.',' This was a little hit too refined for Hackbit in his present condition, so he took offence. 14 Confound vnii- dn m n moan 4v\ «nw I drunk ?" " Certainly not. fcWhy, you've only had half- a-bdttifc" " - - - - _ 2, was i10! lonff before he had the whole bottle, and his appearance began to alarm Rimpler n6t a little. He sullenly hung his head down,' aril looked lowering. Atlast he intently fixed his eyes on the door of the room. Rimpler involuntarily gazed jn the same direction. He could see nothing. 44 What is it ?" he said to Hackbit. Hackbit pointed a trembling hand towards the door. The hand had grown very "bony since he had taken to drinking so furiously, for he had eaten hardly enough to keep body and soul together. 44 'What is it?' inquired Rimpler again, 44 Don't you see those spiders ?" 44 1 can't say I do." " Then you must be drunk, or mad. Look 5imPje.r> ' .e firid, rising in agitation and trembling all over, have you ever seen such large spidere ? You can't pretend you don't see tbern. Look, they are chasingeach other in two lines ; and they'll come down ; they are coming down. They're coming at me, and they're growing bigger." . ' _Rfepler became more and more alarmed. Hackbit clutched at the tablecloth, and tried to get on foe table ; but he conld not ; and foe tablecloth came off, and the bottles crashed on to the- floor. - " gV' tBl tte very floor thooky (he cloth's full of them too. See how they spread: their legs and come on. Oh, let me 8® out here» ' he screamed frantically. 4 The walls are covered wifo them. Are you a devufoat you won't help me ?" And with one more effort to escape from foe room, he fell face downwards upon the ground! We w.ll spare our readers foe horrors of foi srene which followed. Joshua and David Rimmon both came, at Rimplet's request ; and by foe doctor's suggestion, Mr. Saftring ££ telegraphed for. He arrived about 11 <?do5 in foe morning, and withhim Dr. Towers hwl bro.ghtthiador on his Jwn bibty, having such reat faith in him ; and he took him upstairs without any ceremony. ,,Mr\ Bimmon was seated in a chair, " looking foe Picture of miBery ; Hackbit was sleering | -night we've had," , % i w 44 Ho'll never wake again," 5' Towers, quietly. 44 1 have seen oases lpce we before. It . is a possible ending to tremens. Thcw sleep to death. lean dofiotifig for him ; so I had better getback." ' ' ' " 44 Wait a bit," said Mr, Saftring. 44 I wfint you to witness something." " He was ashy white. He walked to wards foe bed,' ' He laul one hand npon foe man who Was sleeping his last sleep, and raised foe other above his Head, and looked upwards. 44 1 call God to witness," he said, " that I will never sell one drop of any intoxicating liquor again. And I will rid myself of any property I now possess that is foe result of foe sale of drink." - . — His raised hand fell by his side, and he faced round and loofed at the astonished Joshua and Towers. 44 There is no evil so great in this wide world as drink. Can it matter whether the poor wretch drinks it at your counter' or carries his" bottle home? The end is the same." He loofed upwards again. 44 1 pray the God of pity to forgive" me for the great wrong I have done foe human race, for ever having sold or even given away a drop of this poison of souls. Reparation there can he none. The evil is done." And Mr. Saltring covered his face with his hands. Dr. Towers placed his arm round Mr. Salt- zing's neck, and said soothingly, 44 My good friend, God judges lis by foe motives. Could, you, who have foe best heart in foe world,, have ever meant to ruin anyone r" 44 Remember foe proverb, doctor," returned Mr. Saltring. wifoout taking hi hands from his face. " 4 Evfl is wrought by want of thought as Well as want of heart. This has brought it home to me, brought it home to me. Within foe last twelve months," he said, raising his white face and looking at foe doctor, 44 cases of spirits have left my shop enough to bring this" — and he indicated with his hand without looking towards foe bed — 44 to I fear to say how many homes. Come, doctor, let us go away. I should like to have seen Keziah, but I can't face her. If no one had sold foe brandy, he couldn't have bought it. and he couldn't have drunk it." 41 He didn't buy the brandy of you, at any rate," said Jofoua Rimmon, rousing himself to speak. 44 That makes no difference," replied Mr. Saltring. 44 Come, doctor, let us go. But while he spoke, all three noticed that foe sound from foe bed had ceased. Towers looked a moment, and answered Mr. Rimmon's look, 44 He s gone, poor fellow," he said. CHAPTER XLVHI. — Tom Towers Goes Up fob His Last Examination. It was about foe middle of January. Thoznag Hackbit lay in Jumley cemetery ; and in foe windows of his house was a notice, 44 To Let." ! No one had made any search for Keziah. She ' was missing, and Elworfoy was missing. The facts seemed to explain themselves. The house I of Rimmon was disgraced. j Mr. Rimpler had been engaged by Mr. Rimmon, and wasnow residing in his house. The baby was there, too ; and W ilson had come to nurse him, at Mr. Rimmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack- bit had left no will, as is often foe case with those whose business it is to make wills. During foe last few week Mrs. Rimmon had I aged visibly, and seemed so near breaking up that her infirm state formed a principal reason for Mr. Rimmon's engaging Wilson. Mr. Rimmon's hair had grown very grey, and he walked with a slower step, with his head bent forward, and his shoulders stooping. 1 But where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghost of her former self— yes, a ghost even of her changed self — entered the gate of The Hollies at Bowdon. Maud had been watching at the I window andsaw her approach, and flew to open foe d<yr.. Keziah feu into her arms, crjing hysterically, 44 1 have come, Maud, like a beggar, to beg shelter. I have no pride left I now, Maud. I Maud half carried, half led her into her favourite sitting-room, cooing over her and calling her her lost darling, her own darling, said her own Kizzj. In an incredibly short time refreshment was brought, and foe poor I wanderer was fed and warmed. Maud, flitting hither find tlufoer, swift as in foe old day?, earned most of foe things with her own V I and only tended, and forebore to question £3 old friend. j . Ke»ah had eaten, and was warm, her i h«d drooped upon her breast, and she fell asleep. Maud looked at her head. Where! were all foe short curls gone ! The hair was shorn qnite dose to her head. And her cheekB. and dropped scalding tears upon iti and mained cramped m one position for nearly two houre, rather than wafee her darling. Tbm! Keziah opened her large startled eyes, and said SmS? and quickly-" Look, iVm teU you something. Don t Bend me out just yet. I have nowhmre to go to." Then she recollected tbmf ifT11 1 dreaming. I thought I was back in the hospital again. OK Maud, » she cried, flinging her arms about her fnend's neck, "how glad lam it is true lam Maud answered only by her caresses. r£n hack, and looked into her friend s eyes inquiringly. «« T)0 vrm know ?" she asked. 44 Have youieard !" had been m a hospital, it anneared ftS, v Sh« inigk knoSi,/ Kizzy, she said, taking the worn between her hands— the face foat bad nothing to recommend it now but its pathoe ' Kiw Keziah started, not at foe words ah k»a l0TC> fie ; ,0« ! OhPttatttI wt,"1 better wfte to id," ehe "Oh. £2 ? had been abetter wife to him " It nUtv And ehe sobbed atoui " Maud knelt bv kdnVii . V . I heaide here, an5 went erith her weep-ng heeauee aha Wed hj" faid SS 44 Kizzy," she said in her ear « 1...1 . | her friend in the fwc. " r and looked I Maodl WhodarMto„,i,#w,lIiaH>H| id,:«Ihank oed! it i, V j 44 True, Maud! said Keziah. r j tank low, but not so low as that." ,or- : | looked so much like it, that yon and he tWif 1 bbth disajmesr." ® j "He disappear!' exclaimed EezT.w jaffritofly. " fa henot mLeatnington thm% J 41 No he has never been heard of since | night. Your brofoer J ubal came in herft 71 tow me aBabout it." W6 J Keziah looked very quietly into the fire A««t - I then, as if suddenly recollecting, said, " wvZj is your husband, Maud?" "He Is in London, Kizzy, being examiner' Wewfflnot talk of bim, ft yon I And now, Kizzy, had not you better go to 10 I I don't think you should talk any mornf/ j night." more to I '-But I must know one thing more Of j ootm. my baby has gone to father's f 1 "Yes, and Wilson is there with it." J A beautiful smile broke oTer Keziah's face m she heard this, and she said contented! v I think I will go to had. Maud." 7' ihen j It must have been about 3 o'clock In thi I morning, when both Maud and Keziah r«v! I with a start They heard a fall and a terrihU I crash. J " Whatever can it be f" said Maud ; and foe flung on her dressing-gown and went out Bnt though she searched foe house &U; tl rourfj she found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothhS j displaced, nothing of any kind to account for 1 the noise. Still foe sonnd had been eo loud j and of so startling a character, that neither of foem could sleep so foev kept their fight burning Mid talked. Keziah related to her fend J how she had wandered along the road to TVover- hampton in foe nigh t time, and then ho w a break 1 came, and she could remember nothing until foe I awoke in one of the wards of the Wover- hampton Hospital ; and she was told Bhe had had I a fever. When ehe was well enough to ow I out, they had given her the money they had found in her clothes, and she had come rtraiahf j to Manchester. Then, about dawp, Keziah fell asleep j again ; and Maud remained awake. The j sound she had heard had been exactly like the j smashing of the hall-lamp by something falling j upon it. When daylight came, she was glad I indeed to end a night of wondering and silence, I She was dressing herself when & postman's 1 knock came to foe door, j 4 -How early the post is this morning," foe I thought. j It was not a letter ; it was a telegram. She j swayed and fell, crying, in a suffocating voice I " My darling's dead, he's dead." j Keziab, weak though she was, gained h« I side, picked np and read the telegram. Yes, he was dead. 1 Maud lost her consciousness entirely. And j when at last she came to herself, it was only to j cry, 44 He is dead ! and now he will never learn to love me again." She became so ill that a j servant was despatched for a doctor. He I ordered what is always ordered in such cases, I and can never be obtained— rest. And the day I wore on, and Keziah and Maud wept in com panv. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars came. Tom Towers had passed his examina tion, and had gone to his hotel, and right up to his room, which was at the top. And by acci dent, it was believed, he had fallen over the banisters from foe top to foe bottom of that gent building, smashing the hall iamp by hia Inside was a letter addressed in his hand Writing to his wife. 44 Read it, Kizzy," foe for I cannot.' Kizzy opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror in hex face:— 44 1 have passed my examination, Maud, my own much-loved wife, and shall end it all to night. Shall I tell you why ? I can bear life | no longer. It was I who committed the murdfo poor Elworfoy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, perhaps, to have " died and never told you. But you might hear of it some way. You would hear it better coming from me. The money I have had from yon at different times has been to purchase the silence of a m"1 who saw mt comnfit foe deeed. " And now with my last words I beg vcu to forgive me, and to believe how well I havf loved you. The man will trouble you no more when I am gone. You will, I know, believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet if God pardons me, as I am sure you will "Your Heartbroken Husband." Keziah did not show this letter to M tud for a day or two, not till a verdict had been given at the mqueet of 44 Accidental deatb, due to over-excitement from examination." Maud never saw his body, and never even saw foe coffin. She felt it would have killed her. He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where she had so often walked, (to be continued.) I aeariy 100 years old has just died 1 tTor, In foe room in which he died were J found hidden in all the corners sums which j together came to over 2,000,000 francs. Hii j cauy hens are two nephews, who have been j living in foe most abject misery, j Chattanooga, Tennessee, has a negro bank I Pr®»dent».who was once a slave. His name is | J. W. White, and foe local Times describes him j as a 44 courtly" gentleman. The bank is a I paying concern, with white as well as coloured 1 stockholders, and lends monev impartially to 1 white and black. 