Story Column. The Mystery of No. 21. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH. Author of "Ishmael" "Gipsy's Prophecy," "Lost Heir of Linlithgow," &c.; [ALL QUEENSLAND RIGHTS RESERVED. IN THREE INSTALMENTS. "Grim reader ! Did you ever see a ghost ? —BYRON. It was one of the oldest landmarks in the city. It stood at the end of a very harrow, crowded street. Leading to the East River— on the north side, facing south. It was a strong, old, gray stone building of two stories, with a Dutch roof, and a double front door, opening into a broad hall that divided the building. At tho time of the mysterious occurrence about to be related, the whole ground floor was occupied by a hide and leather dealer as a place of business. The west half of the upper part was let in single rooms to lodgers. The east half, sepa- rated from the other by a broad hall, was occupied by a poor widow of the name of Rose, her youthful daughter, Mabel, and a young boarder, Charles Manners. Mrs. Rose was a little, plump, fair, rosy, blue-eyed, and yellow- haired blonde of 38 years. Her daughter Mabel, aged 18, was like her, except in the items of a slimmer form and gayer spirits. The two women made their living by stitching chamois gauntlets and leggings for the dealer on the ground floor. Their boarder, Charles Manners, was a young Georgian, 'ruined by the war,' who had come to New York about a year before to find work ; and after incredible discouragements, difficulties, and per- severance on his part, found work as a city reporter on one of the smaller news- papers, and as 'super' on any stage where an army, or a mob, might be tem- porarily needed. On the first day of his arrival in the city, he answered an advertisement of "A nice front room on the second floor of No. 21,—street, with board and lodging for a single gentleman ;" and, references proving mutually satisfactory, he engaged it, and had lived with Mrs. Rose and her daughter ever since. The motherly widow had from the be- ginning taken a kindly interest in the young man, who was very attractive both in person and manners. He was of medium height, slender, graceful figure, dark com- plexion, very dark-brown hair and mous- tache, and dark hazel eyes. As well as his limited means would al- low, he fitted up that front chamber for working as well as for sleeping, As soon as he got employment he sold his fine gold repeater—sole relic of his 'better days' —and bought a first-class typewriter, upon which he immediately began to prac- tise, and on which he soon became an ex- pert. He was a very industrious worker ; and between running about in the morning to collect news, going to the theatre in the afternoon to rehearse, fighting with the army, or shouting with the mob on the stage at night, and sitting up until nearly dawn to write up his articles, his days and nights were very full, and indeed crowded with work. He saw nothing of his landlady or her daughter except at meal times, or on Sun- days, when he walked with them to church and sat with them in the free, seats. As the days passed, one natural and inevitable event happened ; the handsome young journalist and the widow's pretty daughter fell in love with each other. The mother saw it with dismay ; but she was a gentle, weak, tender creature, and she did not interfere with their inclina- tions. 'Poor things ; Poor things !' she sighed, to herself. He's a good young man, and she's a good girl, and I'm not going to fly in the face of Providence ! He made love and marriage : I didn't.' So on Sunday evening, and on every other opportunity, the young people walked and talked together without hindrance. One Sabbath evening when they came in from a walk, both looking happy, but bashful and anxious, the young man led the girl up before her mother, who sat reading by a drop light on her little table ; and then and there told of his love for her daughter, and asked her consent to their marriage. 'Well,' sighed the widow, 'I have been looking for this. I have seen it coming all along. I have nothing to say against it. Poor things ! Poor things ! May the Lord have mercy on you !' 'Oh, mother ! mother ! that is what the judge always says when he orders another sort of knot to be tied !' laughed Mabel. This was their betrothal, which threatened to be a long and trying one. But the unexpected was at hand. One morning, as Manners was going out of the street door on his usual quest for 'local items,' he met the postman, who handed him a letter and passed on his way. Manners stopped and gazed at it in surprise. It bore a foreign post-mark, and he had never received a foreign letter in his life before. He broke it open. It was from a London firm of lawyers, enclosing a bill of exchange for £100 sterling, and giving information that fairly took Manners off his feet. He forgot all about 'local items,' indeed he had an item of his own worth more than all he was likely to collect that day. He turned back and hurried upstairs to the room whore the two women were washing up the breakfast dishes, and exclaimed— 'Oh, Mrs. Rose ! Mabel, dear ! Here is a surprise ! My great uncle, George Preston, of Preston, England, has died and left me a legacy of £5,000. Only, think, 25,000 dollars !' 'Your great uncle !' 'A legacy !' The women spoke simultaneously. 'Oh, yes ! And I must go to England immediately. His solicitors have ad- vanced me £100 for contingent expenses.' "We pass over all the exclamations that followed. It was settled that Manners should sail in the first steamer bound for Liverpool, and that immediately after his return the young couple should be married, since then there would be no reason for the delay of their union. 'But if anything should happen on the voyage ?' most indiscreetly suggested the widow. Mabel turned pale, and looked piteously at her lover. He laughed the idea off, patted the girl on the shoulder, and gaily replied— 'Oh, if there should be a catastrophe, I will come hack from my watery grave, and give you a warning on my type- writer. For, Mrs. Rose, you know that you said, when you, were upbraiding me for working all night on it, that you be- lieved, if I should die, you would still hear me tip-tapping on that machine. So now, if I should go down at sea, or any- thing else should remove me from this material sphere, I will return in the spirit, and you shall hear me at work as usual.' 'He spoke so gaily, so mockingly, so laughingly, that both women laughed with him, for there was not the shade of superstition in either. They had awful cause to remember this conversation. However no prevision of coming horror was before them now, but on the contrary, a very busy day. Manners went off to notify his em- ployers of his intended voyage, to purchase his ticket and a few necessaries, leaving Mrs. Rose and Mabel to pack bis valise— a task which they voluntarily assumed. The next morning, soon after breakfast, Manners started for his steamer. Mrs. Rose and Mabel walked with him down to the pier, where the steamer lay, went on board, and remained by his side on the crowded and noisy deck, until the per- emptory order, 'All ashore,' compelled them to take a hasty leave of the young man, whose last words were that he would keep a diary of his voyage, mail it as soon as the ship reached Liverpool, and thereafter write to his beloved by every mail until he should embark for home. Mabel was on the verge of tears. 'Now, don't cry ! I shall have plenty of saltwater between here and England without you contributing any, he said, so cheerfully that she arrested the tears about to fall. 'God bless you !' were the last mutual benedictions before they parted ; and the two women were hurried along with the crowd of people who had come to see friends off, and were now crossing the gangway- plank to the pier. Whcn the signal bell rang, Mabel sprang up as if she had been struck, ex- claiming :— 'Oh, mamma ! how dreadful it sounds ! It seems fatal ! I feel as if it was Charlie's death-knell, and that I shall never see him again—never again !' 'Hush, child ! That's all nonsense. You must trust in Providence, aud look forward to his return.' "When they reached home the two women went to Manners's hastily-vacated room, and set everything in order. 'He has left the typewriter open ; he forgot to close it. And, see, here is a fresh slip of paper which he always puts in after he has finished writing at night so that it may be ready for use in the morning,' sighed Mabel. They put the machine in its case and carried it up to their own bedroom, where they placed it upon a side table. Mabel soon recovered her cheerfulness and began to look forward to her lover's first letter. It came a day or two sooner than she expected, and rejoiced her heart with the news of his swift and easy out- ward hound passage. After this, letters came from Manners almost every day for a week. And then came the final letter written on the eve of his embarkation on the steamship Alda, bound from Liverpool for New York, in which he said by way of postscript : — 'It may be, if we have favourable weather, that I will arrive in advance of my letter.' From that moment all was excitement in the widow's home. Every careful, affectionate preparation was made for the reception of the homoward-bound voyager. The day wore away, but no Alda was reported. The next morning dawned, but still no Alda. Mabel was impatient but not anxious. Before night on that fatal Friday an awful equinoctial storm gathered and broke over land and sea, and raged with unusual violence. Disasters at sea were reported almost every hour. But no news, good or bad, came of the missing Alda, now several days overdue. Mabel was distracted—demoralised. She could neither eat, work, nor sleep. Day and night she would walk the floor, wringing her hands and raving. At length her mother had to treat her as she would have treated a fractious and suffering baby. She gave her good dose of paregoric, which, as the girl was quite unaccustomed to the drug, effectually quieted her excitement. For the first time in several days she allowed herself to be undressed and put to bed like an infant. And there she lay perfectly serene, though not asleep. The poor mother, now that her child was calmed, resigned herself to slumber for the first time since that terrible storm had convulsed the air, earth, and ocean. But Mabel lay in tranquil exaltation, which was as delightful as it was wonder- ful to her. Presently, as she lay entranced in that blessed calm, she heard a sound in the silent room that almost caused her heart to cease its pulsations. Listen ! [TO BE CONTINUED TO-MORROW.] 