THE NOVELIST. ONE OF OUR CONQUERORS.* By George Meredith. Chapter XYIL partket fe-vellax. I Had Xataly and Xesta known who was ' outside helping Skepsey to play ball with the : boys, they would not hat e worked through . their share of the performance with so grace ! ful a composure. Even Simeon renellan was 'unaware that his half-brother Dartrej* had i landed in England. Dartrey went first to ' ! Victor's office, where he found Skepsey pack-1 | ing the day's letters and circulars into the bag ! i for the delivery of them at Lakelands. They : ■ sprang a chatter, and they missed the last of i ! the express trains: which did not greatly j | signify. Skepsey said, "as it was a Concert." I | To hear his hero talk was the music for him: j and he richly enjoyed the pacing along the j | railway-platform. j Arrived on the grounds, they took opposite j sides in a game of rounders, at that moment j tossing heads or tails for innings. These j boys were slovenly players, and were made J unhappy by Skepsey's fussy instructions to J them in smartness. They had a stupid way j of feeding the stick, and they ran sprawling ;! it concerned Great Britain ior them to learn i how to use their legs. It was pitiful for the ■ country to see how lumpish her younger j children were. Dartrey knew his little man • and laughed, after warning him that his j English would want many lessons before they j stomached the mixture of discipline and j pleasure. So it appeared: the pride of the j boys in themselves, their confidence, enjoy- i ment of the game, were all gone : and all I were speedily out but Skepsey, who ran for I the rounder, with his coat off, sharp as a porpoise, and would have got it, he had it in i his grasp, when, at the jump, just over the j line of the goal, a clever tling. if ever was, caught him a crack on that part of the human frame where sound is liest achieved. Then were these young lumps transformed to j limber, lither, merry fellows. They rejoiced Skepsey s heart: they did everything better, ran and dodged and threw in a style to win the nod from the future official inspector of Games and Amusements of the common people ; a deputy of the Government, pro posed by Skepsey to his hero with a deferential eagerness. Dartrey clapped him on the shoulder, softly laughing. %" System—Mr. Durance is right—they must have system, if tliey are to appreciate a holi day," Skepsey said ; and he sent a wretched gaze around, at the justification of some of the lurid views of Mr. Durance, in signs of the holiday wastingimpoverishing the country's manhood : in a small degree, it may be argued, but we ask, can the country afford it, while foreign nations are drilling tbeir youth, teaching them to be ready to move in ' squads or masses, like the fist of a pugilist. Skepsey left it to his look to speak histliongbt He saw an c-ncmy in tobacco. The drowsiness j of beer had stretched various liuiks under ] trees. Ponderous cricket lumbered half alive. Flabby fun kuocked-up a yelL And I it was rather vexatious to see girls dancing in good time, to the bund-music. One had a] mare-partner, who hopped his loutish burlesqueof the thing he could not do. Apparently, too certainly, none hut the girls had a notion of orderly muscular exer cise. Of what use are girls ? Girls have their one mission ou earth; and let them be healthy by all means, for the sake of it; only, they should not seem to prove that Old Eng land is I >ettei represented on the female side, skepsey heard, with auip of spiteat his bosom, a small body of them singing in chorus as they walked in step, ann in arm, actually marched: and to the rearward, none of these girls heed ing, there were the louts at their burlesque of jigs and fisticuffs ! " Cherry liipe," was the song. " It's delightful to hear them 1" said Dartrey. Skepsey muttered jealously of their having ] been trained. The song, which drew Dartrey Fenellan to the quick of an English home, planted him at the same time in Africa to hear it Dewy 011 a parched forehead it fell, England the shedding heaven. He fetched a deep breath, as of gratitude for vital refreshment He had his thoughts upon the training of our English to be some thing besides the machinery of capitalists, and upon the country as a blessed mother instead of the most capricious of maudlin stepdames. lie flicked his leg with the stick he carried, said " Your master's the man to make a change among them, old friend!" and strolled along to a group surrounding two fellows who shammed a bout at single-stick. Vacuity in the attack on either side, contributed to the joint success of the defence. They paused un del-inspection; and Dartrey said:—" You're hunting to give them a lesson, Skepsey." Skepsey had 110 objection to bis hero's doing so, though at his personal cost. The sticks were handed to them ; the crowd increased; their rounders boys had 6pied them, and came trooping to the scene. Skepsey wasdirectedtohitin earnest. Ilisde fensive attitude flashed, and he was at head and right and left leg, and giving point, re covering, thrusting madly, ana again at shoulder and thigh, with bravos for reward of a man meaning business; until a topper on his hat, a cut over the right thigh, and the stick in his middle- rib, told the spectators of a scientific adversary: and loudly now the gentleman was cheered. An undercurrent of warm feeling ran for the plucky little one at it hot again in spite of the strokes, and when he fetched his master a handsome thud across the shoulder, and the gentleman gave up and complimented him, bkepsey hod applause, lie then begged his hero to put the previous couple in position, through a lew of the open ing movements. They were horribly sheepish at first, Meantime two boys had got hold of sticks, and both had gone to work in Skepsey's gallant style; and soon one was howling. He excused himself, because of the funny-bone, situated, in his case, higher than usual up the arm. And now the pair of men were giving and taking cnta to make a rhinoceros caper. " Very well; begin that way; try what you can bear," said Dartrej'. Skepsey watched them, in felicity for love of the fray, -pained by the disregard of science. Comments on the pretty ploy, indicating a reminiscent acquaintance with it, and the capacity for critical observations, were started. Assaults, wonderful tricks of a slashing Life- ] Guardsman, one spectator had witnessed atl on exhibition in a London hall. Boxing too..] You may see displays of boxing still in i places. How about .a prize-fight?—With money on it?—Eh, biit you don't expect men to stand up to l>e knocked into rumpsteaks for nothing?—No, but it's they there betel— Right, and that's a game gone to ruin along * The right of publishing this work SjM been pu chased by the proprietors at " The Australasian." of outsiders.—But it always was and it always will be popular with Englishmen! Great English names of young days. l>e:ore the wintry*.shadow of the law had blighted them, received their withered laurels. Emu lous boys were in the heroic posture. Good: sparring does no hurt: Skepsey seized a likely lad, Partrey another. Nature created the King for them. Now then, arms and head | well up, chest- hearty, shoulders do\vn._ out with the right fist, just below the level of the chin : out with the left fist farther, right out. except for that bit of curve; so. and draw it slightly back for wary—pnssey at the spring Finn you stand, feeling the muscles ot both legs, left half a pace"ahead, right planted, both stringy. N'one of your milk-pail looks:1 show us jaw, you bull-dogs. Now then, lett from the shoulder, straight at right of head. —Good, and alacrity called on vigour in ] Skepsey's pupil; Dartrey's had the list on his j mouth before he could parry right arm up. ■ " Foul blow!" Dartrey cried. Skepsey vowed to the contrary. Dartrey reiterated his j charge. Skepsey was a figure of the negative, j gesticulating and protesting. Partrey ap-1 pealed tumultuously to the King ; Skepsey 1 likewise, in a tone of injury. He addressed a remonstrance to Captain Partrey. " Hang j your captain, sir! I call you a coward ; come | on," said the resolnte gentleman, already in j ripe form for the attack. His blue eyes were j like the springing sunrise over ridges of the seas; and Skepsey jumped to his meaning. Boys and men were spectators of a real scientific set-to, a lovely show. They were half puzzled, it seemed so deadly. And the little one go: in bis blows at the gentleman, j who had to be hopping. Only, the worse the gentleman caught it. the friendlier his countenance became. That was the wonder, and that gave them the key. llut it was j deliriously near to the real thing. Dartrey and Skepsey shook hands. " And now, you fellows, you're to know, that this is one of the champions : and you J take your lesson from him and thank him," Partrey said, as he turned on his heel to strike and greet the flow from the house. " Dartrey come !" Victor, Fenellan, Colney, had him by the hand in turn. I'ure sweetness of suddenly awakened joy sat in Nataly's eyes as she swam to welcome him. Nesta moved a step, seemed hesitating, and she tripped forward. " Dear Captain Partrey !" He did not say: "But what a change in you!" _ " It is blue-butterfly, all the same," Nataly spoke to bis look. Victor hurriedly pronounced the formal introduction between the Hon. Dudley Sowerby and Captain Dartrey Fenellan. The ] bronze face and the milky bowed to one another ceremoniously ; the latter faintly flushing. _ " So here you are at last," Victor said., " You stay with us." " To-morrow or later, if you'll have me. go down to my people to-night." " But you stay in England now ?" Nataly's voice wavered on the question. " There's a chance of my being off to Upper Burmah before the week's ended." "Ah,dear, dear!"sighed Fenellan; "and out of good comes evilas grandfather Deucalion exclaimed, when he gallantly banded up his dripping wife from the mud of the Deluge waters. Do you mean to be running and Jewing it on lor ever, with only a nod for friends, Dart ?" "Lord, Simmy, what a sound of home there is in your old nonsense !'' Dartrey said. His eyes of strong dark blue colour and the foreign swarthiness of his brows and cheeks and neck mixed the familiar and the strange, in the sight of the women who knew him. The bill-broker's fair-tressed young wife whispered of curiosity concerning him to Nataly. He dressed like a sailor, lie stood like a soldier: and was he married ? Yes, he was married. Mrs. Blaihenoy imagined a something Mrs. Radnor's tone. She could account for j it; not by the ordinary reading of the feminine in the feminine, hut through a hus band who professed to know secrets. She was young in years and experiencer ten j months wedded, disappointedly awakened, enlivened by the hour, kindled by a novel figure of man, fretful for a dash of impru dence. Tliis Mrs. Radnor should.he the one to second her very innocent turn for a galopade; her own position allowed of any little diverting jig or reel, or plunge in a bath —she required it, for the domestic Jacob Blathenoy was a dry chip: proved such, with outa day's variation during the whole of the ten wedded months, Nataly gratified her spoken wish. Dartrey Fenellan bowed to the lady, and she withdrew him, seeing com posedly that other and greater ladies had the wish ungratified. Their husbands were not so rich as hers, and their complexions would hardly have pleased the handsome brown faced officer so well. Banquet, equal to a blast of trumpet, was the detaining word for the multitude. It circulated, one knows not how. Eloquent as the whiffs to the Bniffs (and nowhere is elo quence to match it, when the latter are sharpened from within to without), the word was very soon over the field. Mr. Carling may have helped ; he bad it from Fenellan ; and he was among the principal groups, claiming or making acquaintances, as a lawyer should do. The Concert was compli mentarily a topic: Durandartc divine !—did not everybody think so? Everybody did, in default of a term for overtopping it. Our language is poor at hyperbole; our voices are stronger. Gestures and heaven-sent eye balls invoke to display the ineffable. Where was Durandarte now ? Gone; already gone ; off with theLocianifor evening engagements; he came simply to oblige his dear friend Mr. Radnor. Cheque fifty guineas : hardly more on both sides than an exchange of 6miles. Ah, these merchant-princes ! What of Mr. Radnor's amateur instrumentalists? Ama teurs, they are not to he named: perfect musicians. Mr. Radnor is the perfection of a host Yes, yes; Mrs. Radnor; Miss Radnor too; delicious voices; hut what is it about Mr. Radnor so captivating! He is not quite English, yet he is not at all foreign. Is he very adventurous in business, as they say ? "Soundest head in the City of London " Mr. Blathenoy remarked. Sir Rodwell Blachinglon gave his nod. The crowd interjected, half-sighing. We ought to be proud of such a man ! Perhaps we are a trifle exaggerating, savs its heart But that we are wholly grateful" to him is a distinct conclusion. And lie map he one of the great men of his time: he has a quite individual style of dress. Lady Rodwell Blachington ohscived to Colney Durance: "Mr. Radnor bids fair to become the idol of the English people " "If lie can prove hirtisclf to lie sufficiently the dupe of the English people," said Colney. "Idol—dupe?" interjected Sir Rodwell. and his eyebrows fixed at the perch of Colney% famous "national interrogation" over vacancy of understanding, as if from the null of a string. He had his audience with him; and the satirist hud nothing hut his Inner gush of acids at sight of a planted barb Colney was asked to explain. He never explained. He Informed a scries of as tonishing leaps, like the branchy baboon I n't",vo the traveller's head in the tropical forest, an«l led them into the trap they as sisted him to prepare tor them. "No humour, do you say? The English have Jio humour?'' a nephew of Lady Blnchington's inquired of hint, with polite pugnacity, and was cordially assured, that "lie vindicated them." "And Ahruhd':another specimen of the modern coinage," a classical church digni tary, in grammarian disgust, remarked to a lady, as they passed. 'Colney pricked up his ears. It struck him that he might fish for suggestions in aid of the Grand Argument before the Elders of the Court of Japan. Dr. Wardan, whose re cognition lie could claim, stated to him, that the lady and he were enumerating words of a doubtfully legitimate quality now being inflicted upon the language. '" The slang from belotv is perhaps prefer able?" said Colney. " As little—less." "But a pirate-tongue, cut-off from its roots, must continue to practise piracy, surely, or else take reinforcements in slang, otherwise it is inexpressive of new ideas." " Possibly the new ideas are bestexpressed in slang." " If insular. They will consequently be incommunicable to foreigners. You would, then, have us be trading with tokens instead of a precious currency ? Yet I cannot perceive the advantage of letting our ideas lie clothed so racy of the obscencr soil; considering the pretensions of the English language to be come the universal. If we refuse additions from above, they force themselves on us from below." Dr. Wardan liked the frame of the obser vations, disliked the substance. "One is to understand that the English language lias these pretensions ?" he said— he minced in his manner, after the well known mortar-board and tassel type; the mouthing of a petrifaction ; clearly useless to the pleadings of the patriotic Dr. Bouthoin and his curate. He gave no grip to Colney, who groaned at cheap Donnish sarcasm, and let him go, after dealing him a hard pellet or two in a craeker-cdvering. There was Victor all over the field netting his ephemerae ! And he who feeds on tlienij to pay a price for their congratulations ana flatteries, he is one of them himself! Nesta came tripping from the Kev. Septi mus Barm by. " Dear Mr. Durance, where is Captain Dartrey?" Mrs. Blathenoy had just conducted her husband through a crowd, for an introduction of him to Captain Dartrey. That was per ceptible. Dudley Sowerby followed Nesta closely : he struck across the path of the llev. Septi mus ; again he had the hollow of her ear at Mr. Radnor was excellent. He does everything consummately: really, we are all sensible of it. I am. He must lead us in a symphony. These light ' champagne over tures ' of French composers, as Mr. Fenellan calls them, do not bring out his whole ability —'Zampa,' 'Lepra Aux-clercs,'' Masaniello,' and the like." " Your duet together went well." " Thanks to you—to you. Y'ou kept us j together." " Papa was the runaway or strain-the leash," if there was one. * " He is impetuous, he is so fervent. But, Miss Radnor, I could not Ikj the runaway— with you . . . with you at the piano. In deed, I . . . shall we stroll down ? I love the lake." " You will hear the bell for your cold dinner very' soon." " I am not hungry. I would so much rather talk—hear you. But you are hungry ? Y'ou have been singiug: twice: three times! Opera singers, they say, eat hot suppers; they drink stout. And I never heard your voice more effective. Yours is a voice that . . . something of the feeling one has in hearing cathedral voices: carry one up. I, remember, iu Dresden, once, a Friiulein; Kiihpstreieh, a prodigy, very young, con- J sideriug her accomplishments. , But it was j not the same." Nesta wondered at Dartrey Fenellan for | staying so long with Mr. and Mrs. Blathenoy. " Ah, Mr. Sowcrbv, if I am to have [ flattery, I cannot take it as a milliner's dumby figure wears the beautiful dress ; I [ must point out my view of some of my merits." " Oh! do, I lieg, Miss . . . You have a | Christian name: and I too: and once . not Mr. Sowerby: yes, it was Dudley !" " Quite accidentally, and a world of pardons entreated." " And Dudley begged Dudley might be Dudley always!" 11c was deepening to the Barmby intona tion—apparently Cupid's ; but a shade more airily Pagan, not so fearfully clerical. Her father had withdrawn Dartrey Fenel lan from Mr. and Mrs. Blathenoy. Dr. Schlesien was bowing with Daitrey. "And if Durandarte would only—but you ] are one with Miss Graves to depreciate my Durandarte, in favour of the more classical I Jachimo, whom we nil admire; but you shall lie just," said she, and she pouted. She had seen her father plant Dartrey Fenellan in the midst of a group of City gentlemen. Simeon touched among them to pluck at his brother. He had not a chance ; he re tired, and swam into the salmon-net of se ductive Mrs. Bl&thcnoy;'s broad bright smile. " It's n matter of mines, and they're hover ing in the attitude of the query, like cork screws over a bottle, profoundly indifferent to blood-relationship," lie said to her. " Pray, stay and be consoled by me," said the fair young woman. " Y'ou are to point me out all the distinguished people. Is it true, that your brother lias left the army I" " Dartrey no longer wears the red. Here comes Colonel Corn, who does. England has her army still 1" " His wife persuaded him ?" " You sec he is wearing the black." "For her! How very very sad! Tell mej —what a funnily dressed woman meeting that! gentleman 1" j " Hush—a friend of the warrior. Splendid weather, Colonel Corfc." j " Superb toilettes j" The colonel eyed Mrs. Blathenoy dilating)}-, advanced, bowed, and ojieiiedihc siege. Shc"atpidcd a calculation upon his age, made a wall of it, smilingly ngreed with his encomium of the Concert, and toned her voice toFencllan's comprehension; "Did Hoccur recently?" " Months; in Africa; 1 haven't the date." "Such numbers of people one Mould wish to know ! Who are those ladies holding a Court, where Mr. Radnor is?" " Lady Carmine, Lady Swanagc—if it is your wish!" intcrjiosed the colonel. She dealt him a forgiving smile. " And that pleasant-looking old gentleman f Colonel Carfe drew-up. Fenellan said; "Arc we veterans at forty or so ?" "Well,it's the romance, perhaps!" She raised bershouldcrs. ' • The colonel's intelligence ran a dog's nose for a lady's interjections. "The romance? . • . ut forty, lifty ? gone ? Mies J uJiuks. Uw I great heiress and a beauty, over the heads of all theyoumr «08611 him time.. Cranmer Lotsdale! Mom en of hi« history!" - ^ ^st romaag " She's in love with that, I supix)se Now you direct my atom . , said FenelIan, "the writihg of tlm liistory has made the texture thready. You have a a ^ It was thrown to where tbn who had first within a few rofitS'h!^ her to form critical estimates of men lped consciously to read them. ' mofa ;; Ypuifbrother stays in England v The fear is, that he's oflf iL ii" Annoying for you. If 1 lmH „'i, „ would not let him go." brother, I "t wou]d you detain him?' arms, kneehng^fa' fourtii aa of tCun81"1 notsI ungDe " He went by way of the window t «.■ , But that was a lorn." '1 ttlnk, "Oh ! well !" she flushed. She did „ « hear the neglected and astonished otWi sneak, and Bhe sought diversion in sato„ ?1 Fenellan: " So nSmy people of dE?*to are assembled here to-day! Tell m u" is that pompous gentleman, who fi&s; fr arms up doubled, as he walk!}?" 8 1118 . "h'ke flappers of apenguin: andadvanees m jerks: he is head of the great Quatley Brothers : Sir Abraham; finaiuS^ farms one of the South American ltepuE we call him, Pnde of Port. He consumteit and he presents it. w 11 eve$^yr° * ^ ^ mm> who ^ps " People of distinction indeed! That little man-m your uipr lip underrating him' • • ,* When a lady's lip is erratically Z damful, it suggests a misuse of a coniow treasury, deserving to be mulcted, jrowshwl —how ?-wlio can say ?-that little man now that little man, with a lift of his little finger, could convulse the Bacon Market■" Mrs. Blathenoy shook. Hearing Colonel Corfe exclaim: "Bacon Market'" she let fly a peal. Then she turned to a fash Bate! lite, n round mid a ruddy, "at her service ever," Mr. Beaves Urmsing, and repeated Fenellan s words. He, in unfeigned won derment at such unsuspected powcre, cried* " Dear me 1" and stared at the little man! makingtlie pretty lady's facea twinkling dew He had missed the Concert Was it fast rate ? Ecstasy answered in the female voice. " Hem'd fool I am to keep appointments'* he muttered. She reproved him: "Fie. Mr. Urmsing• it's the making of them, not the keeping!" ' " Ah, my dear ma'am, if I'd had lllathe noy's luck when he made a certain appoint ment And he was not so much older than me ! The old ones get the prizes!" Mr. Beaves Urmsing prompted Colonel Corfe to laugli in triumph. The colonel's eyebrows were up in fixity over sleepy lids, lie brightened to propose the conducting oi the pretty woman to the banquet "Wc shall see them going in," said she. "Mr. Radnor haB a French cook who does wonders. But 1 beard him asking for Mr. Beaves Urmsing. I'm sure he.expected' The Marigolds'at hisConcert" " Anything to oblige the company," said tiie rustic read)* chorister, clearing his throat The lady's feet were bent in the direction of a grassy knoll, where sunflowers, tulips, dahlias, peonies, of the sex eclipsed at a distance itB roses and lilies. Fenellan saw Dartrey, still a centre of the merchantmen, strolling thither. " And do you know, your brother is good enough to dine with us next week, Thursday, down here," she murmured. "I could venture to command—if you arc not in duced." " Whichever word applies to a faithful subject" " I do so wish your brother had not lett the army 1" "You have one son of Mars." Her eyes took the colonel up to cast him down: he was not the antidote. She said to him: " Luciani's voice wears better than her figure." , „ , The colonel replied: " I remember, and corrected himself, " at Eton, in jackets: she was not so particularly slim; never knew how to dress. You beat Italians there! She moved one as a youngster." n " Eton hoys are 60 susceptible'. "Why, hulloa. don't I remember her coming out!—ana do you mean to tell me, Mr. Heaves Urmsing brutally addressed the colonel, " that you were at Eton when • • • why, what age do yon give the poor woman, then!" He bellowed, "Eh? as it were a bull crowing. . ... . . _ The colonel retreated to one of his ddffl* sivc comers. "I am not aware that I mean to tell you anything.'' , . Mr. Benves Urmsing turned square-breastea on Fenellan : "Eebow'sa torn donkey ■ "And the mother livedT Mr. Beaves Urmsing puffed with wrath at the fellow. . ... _r »v. Five minutes, later, in the midst of we group surrounding ana felicitating \ j i Bad sight of Fenellan conversing ui ones, and it struck a light in him; he umt three steps backward, with B,'0U.tB* , we funny fellow! eh? who is he. I n . ^ tliat man at my table. Worth fifty ^ Jackasses! And I've got a son m m Guards: and as much lough m hinvj<«gob as a bladder. But we ll makeaparo^ Radnor? witli that funny fellow! and prroious httle of cm now among the young ot. ' ^ {or seeing ghosts and gapmg their ja.. . the quavers instead of the capers. He sounded and thruinnicdl'i f fling-off for tiie capers. Awrondi^ ^ Fenellan agitated tiie arr^ote. hini out of it, seiringt rotors ami, toha not without earshot of tiie ladies. PC'.' P^.' ;moei"fectly, it throes, was accomplishedI, ^ under owing to sympathetic con ,,'^mnce which Mr. Beaves Uims.ngs co«'ll^t|ie was crinkled of many tn ropeat the Spring rhubarb-leaf. V1^6 i,e expatiated the e pantomime, .• „ rr. ilfl8 jt Von ,* n|i? G ' the don as an owi: ij -• cnr him—"*" lady to right and left, all cars ^ J0U[ ha! I must have another tian ^ Dam , snail know liim, You're the man ior«»». He for nte, that he is!—'Hope w® inotiicr s doing well ? My card i'-cIi • as an owl! hook, there goes the donkO'j *• ~<"e fnr liim—0®' ha« I must have anotuer v«.. paffl friend. 'Mother lived, Jdri' And funny fellow, nil of tiie oldmi timCg ftt my dinner, bachelor diiin"r! d v hnlW4 place next week, sny "^S^'bowM11' lix, for ft long evemng-floumb DX"'i'!»v™Un»Binj! cC,0«ie °«;g olden time. He BP'c£,BDiit the roar atK and; Donkey ' ^^Sote, he Pgg , Plumped' with theaich »e'| 1(j Eng'^L thfa lasT of the a v* thumped along anroua the —rT^TfTiiOop them nt their pitch of j tu"i"V;Lm He encountered Mr. Caddis, rnH Vf \vas nil encounter. Mr. Caddis rcpre " f„i his nolificul opinions; but here was BiCw nr of -i' 'fddis whining his nimmy note J a;* uimiiiv nob when lie was asked for ai rllS of II* r»« of thi» Jolly ,i f.ih'.w coine to waken the neighbour ly™) lo lie a blessing, n blazing lienrtli, a ! n >V nviniutand thank the Lord for him, f 11 f nvuui't -tin't inniiK uic Jioru ior iiim, vol desert-dog! "lie's a merchant prince, . lie's a prince of a man, if you re for ;V , von 'assent to my encomiums.' You'll be calling mo Mr. Speaker next. Hang of u(i II mm an'"!-"" • ■ ' . . , ci , Culdis, it those rarJiamentary benches 1 Vours aren't freezing you from your seat , "ami'have got to your jaw—my belief!" l»>, flllU ",l p , is /| i' .i / Jlr Caddis was loft reflecting, that we • i e in t lie dispensa t ions of Providence, when have a seat, to submit to castigations from butelieriv men unaccountably commissioned insolidifv the seat. He could have preached •i discourse upon Success, to quiet the discon iriitiiieiit of (lie unseated. And our world of Rcafs oddly gained, quaintly occupied, mali i iously beset. insensately envied, needs the discourse. Hut it was not delivered, else would it have been 11ere written down with out mcrey. as a medical prescript, one of the nrmid specifics. He met Victor, and, be tween his dread of him and the counsels of a IHTtl n'.-" - ; - «• uositioii subject to stripes, lie was a genial i. *v .. i ,1 . xi n«jj.v 1.^ j tli;iiv. Victor beamed ; for Mr. Caddis iiad previously stood eminent as an iceberg of the Lakelands party. Mr. Incbling and Mr. Caddis were introduced. The former in com merce. (lie latter in polities, their sustaining Joust was. the being our stable Englishmen: and at oiu-e, will) cousinly minds, they fell to chatting upon the nothings agreeably and seriously. < 'olney Durance forsook a set of Indies fur fatter prey, and listened to them. What lie said. Motor did not hear. The effect was always to be seen, with Incbling under t'olney. I'enellun did better service, really good service. Natnly played flic heroine she was'at heart. Why think of her as having to act a character? Tw ice liad Carling that after noon, indirectly and directly stated lira. Jlurnnm to be near the end we crape a natural, a defensible, satisfaction to hear of—not wishing it —poor woman! —but pardonably, before man and all the angels wishing. praying for the beloved one to enter into her earthly peace by the agency of the other's exit into her heavenly. lYiiellan and (.'olney came together, and fiiid a word apiece of their friend. " In his element! The dear old boy has the look of a gold-fish, king of his globe." " The dear old hoy has to me the look of a pot oil the fire, with a loose lid." 