?) I SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS, i By an M.D. i Author of ' Under a Spell,' 'Victoria Cross j Valour,' ' Science nnd Sin,' « ift Love with a Ghost,' ' Condynined to Death,' &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER IV ! TJIK SUrjQClS PROrOSES. : Ethel Brandon was deeply hurt at the undisguised ? tvnicism that pervaded the whole .tone of her j brother's conversation. She dearly loved him, and : up till very recently her affection bad been ; reciprocated. Hut since they had taken up their | residence in a pretty little village within a short : distance of Paris, his manner had undergone an j alteration which at. first was too subtle for her powers of analysis, and it was only 011 this evening i that, its full significance burst upon her. She i realised that the old boyish love was a thing of the ! past, and that it bad been supplanted by tho callous j selfishness of the grown man — a selfishness which inade her aims and wishes a very secondary con sideration when they militated against his! She I imagined she had discovered the keynote upon which | hinged his altered conduct, when he hinted that he j might possibly take unto himself a wife. She, ] Etlicl Brandon, had come to be regarded by her own - brother as an encumbrance which he was anxious ? to dispose of to the first bidder I If this wero so, 1 his opposition to Gerald Gray was probably based j upon the fact that his absence might be too pro trt mitt. Hi« M\n\rftnir\ur-A Tf nnlu on the spot, his two thousand a year might over come the brother's objections on the score of 111- ! sanity. It is curious to note bow strong was Ethel's con viction of her lover's soundness of mind. .She cherished a deep resentment against Adam Gray for feaving taken steps to render liis nephew mcompo ?|Kht of managing his affairs, and she had even gone 1 the length of refusing to visit - at his house after .1 Gerald 'had so mysteriously. disappeared. Very few girls in her position would have possessed the .courage to. continue to : lovo^a man whose miud had ? become darkened ; yet such was the intensity of her dovotion that Gerald's misfortune raised her to that pitch of heroism which made her vow to dedicate v lior life to him. Under present circumstances, she, of course, recognised that marriage would be wiciced, . ,butsliewas prepared to hope and wait for the .awakening of his mental faculties; and should that ; happy day never arrive, she would be content, to ? pass down-. the stream of life as bis friend, comforter, . and soother. She had certainly chosen for herself a lot, which seemed likely to be a dreary one, but ? : nevert.lielesM if. wns hnrnir nnd embodied that. . principle of self-sacrifice which distinguishes true love from its spurious imitation. On the morning following Ethel's conversation ?with her brother, the Marquis De Dijonnais paid hiB promised visit, and was received by. the lady of the house with a quiet self-possession which ho did not altogether appreciate. He would have preferred to notice tho 'faintest trace of agitation in her manner as she welcomed him, for this would have shewn that his presence gave her some pleasure. But her amiability was neither more nor less than she would have extended to an ordinary acquaintance, and the Marquis took his leave after a short interview with a heart - aflame with renewed love, and with a determination to break down the fair girl's insular reserve, and win her for himself. He had sufficient confidence in his own powers to feel 'ihat success was more than a probability, and, without any inordinate vanity deemed himself justified in looking forward to conquest, fortified, as he was, by his many triumphs in previous affairs of 1 ..the heart. Day by day ho appeared at the Villa I Brandon with tickets for the theatres, plans for 1 excursions, and magnificent hot-house flowers for 1 Ethel. He certainly contrived to make her life very enjoyable, occupied as it was in a constant round of gaiety, and moreover lie had hitherto refrained from saying a single word .which could be construed into conveying a meaning charged with love. This very reticence was the essence of tlie Marquis's attack upon Ethel's heart, l'or he had gathered from r Jack Brandon that Gerald Gray was not quite for gotten, and his quick wit therefore perceived that a quiet friendly manner, devoid of anything approaching to compliment, was the best way of dethroning his rival's image. His constant . presence, his bright lively talk, his small attentions not too pointedly performed, at last began to havo their effect. Ethel unbent considerably, and her admirer told himself gleefully that the first line of defence was carried. Shortly utter this triumph ho ventured 011 denying himself the pleasure of seeing her for. three days, and when he again presented himself, her manner convinced hiin that victory was certain ! _ She absolutely reproached him for his defection — she who had never before hinted, either by word or action, that his many kindnesses wero necessary to her 1 He had not failed to remark that she exercised a constraint in her intercourse with him — a constraint . which had been absent when he first met her in Hampshire. Then, she was a very merry, frank girl, bewi I chingly lovely, and ready to accept all the compliments lie showered upon her ; but now, though she was more beautiful than ever, she appeared to have wrapped herself up in a mantle of reserve, which she only cast off to assume that of hauteur I The Marnuis, for certain reasons of his own, had not scrupled to tell Jack Brandon of his love . for his sister, and at the same time urged him to do all in his power to promote liis suit. That the lattor had done so, De Dijonnais soon found out to his cost, for his quick mind rapidly penetrated the cause of tho reserve with which Ethel treated him. He accordingly seized the earliest oppor tunity of informing Jack that any attempt to drive Ethel into matrimony would prove an ignominious failure, and he begged him not to mention the subject to her until ho gave him leave. This interview took place within ,24 hours of the Marquis's first visit, ?a:ul Brandon had so well taken his friend's recom mendation to heart, that ho never once alluded to the topic which had so nearly caused a breach be tween brother and sister. But now, after a month's incessant gaiety, during whieh timo lie Dijonnais most assiduously concealed tho real state of his feelings, the atmosphere surrounding Ethel seemed suddenly to change from an Arctic coldness to summer's .genial warmth. The hard glitter disappeared Irom her eves; a certain contraction of the mouth, which suggested 1111 idea of inflexible determination, became relaxed ; even her laughter was less distinctly conventional and much moro natural. Ifer whole aspect gave one the impression that a magic wand ? had swept some intolerably disagreeable remini ? scence out of her life, and bad softened her back again into a charming girl, capable of enjoying the world to the utmost. For nearly a month her rigidly polite attitude towards the Marquis had been ?Assumed solely for the purpose of warning hiin against attempting to fall in love; but, as the days sped on, she was surprised to find that the man she was prepared to hate was only an agreeable personage whose whole aim seemed to consist in giving pleasure to others, nis manner towards her w.»s friendly, cordial, almost brotherly in its frankness ; his glances contained 110 impassioned look, his hand never detained hers an instant too long, nor did bis voice ever thrill with pent-up lo: gilig. She began to feel that her brother w: - absiirjly wrong in imag:ning that this man hai any ulterior mot i ve in seeking their society, and now, h ivi'ig formed a correct estimate of his character a'ler a month's observation, she. was assuredly j stified in stepping out of her reserve and treating the one who had so conduced to the pleasantness of her Msit with more consideration than she had yet bestowed. Thus it came to pass that she frankly told the Marquis how dull the time bad been during liis absence, and whilst she was making this admission a ch * l ining smile passed over her face and lighted u 1 her eyes with such an expression of swotftness th ' her conipauiouwas dangerously near to betraying himself. It cost him a strong effort to appear calm, b ,t, he was a resolute man, aud succeeded in mask- I iug his real fei livgs In' an assumption of regret. J .Vitli consummate tact he turned the couvcrs.itien j into another channel, and became master of himself | 0: c.- again. For three more days he endured Ethel's ?. t. Ted mood with something akin to a Spartan's , U:n, but the sparkle of her eyes, the vxiiiiuut.e gtace of hor every movement, and above all the new | 8weeti\8ss in hor voife, conquered (he sternness of j bis resolution, and he succumbed. j He had been .dining at the villa, and was now i waitiug to take Jack Brandon back with him to j Paris, where, he informed Ethel, they intended to | pass the evening at his club. Jack had left, tho j room to make sonio alteration 111 liis attire, and i thus the entertainment of the visitor devolved upou j his sister, who, uftetrly unsuspicious of the volcano I raging beneath the Marquis's calm exterior, most ! innocently added fuel to the lire by some exprea- I sions of regret, tSiat she. would soon be leaving j France and losing his pleasant, companionship. | Passion blinded De Dijonnais's understanding. He j mistook u few well-bred utterances, intended | .merely to convey a. sense of gratitude for numerous j kindnesses, for the limid half-conscious revelation of love for himself ! He looked eagerly at her as she sat in a low easy chair in the purple twilight, with just, a faint shaft of dying sunlight brightening the exquisite beauty of her features; he saw her perfect face turned towards him, with lips half parted upon which still lingered, her words of regret ; he saw her figure reclining in an attitude whieh revealed a (symmetry matchless for beauty and grace. He saw that she was very sweet, and good aud gentle, and forthwith forgot ev wthiiig except that I10 was alone with her and that fie (oved her with a devotion which scattered tothe w'nds , nil liis prudent resolves. 'Ethel!' lie exclaimed. softly, though with kw.U a ring of suppressed passion that she turned a startled glance 011 the speaker. 'I can keep up,this ? laree no longer, but must speak ont the secret, of my heart. I know too well ad I my faultB and short comings, and how unwortlry I ain of you, but I love you with a love, which delics language to oxpresB | tts intensity. It 1 have been too abrupt in my, I declaration, tell me — tell me at least that I may hope ? ' ' ' ' ' ' '. '.: ? i Ethel's cheek became dyed with crimson as. she; listened, ller head drooped, aud. her heart was filled? with sadness at. the pain sue would have-to infhct.i She lifted her eves,, but. witlidrew them as. they encountered the.Marquis's passionate gaze, -and „it. was with deep agitation that, she bigtied to linn .to take a chair at a little distance | '1 regret extremely my lmitnlity to — respond to i your desne,' she began in .1 -ju,i\eruig vone.' But tlie M.uquis fixed upon her .1 look so imploring, so earnest, so charged, with tho passion of his lieai t,1 that wouls tailed hei and hi 10 buist into tears ' Do not reject my devotion(lEthel dear ! pleaded her lover. 'You and vou akme possess the power of raising my fife. from the mire. With you bv my side, 1 foresee a bright, existence and real happiness.' ? 'It grieves mv lo- refuse.-. vou,' replied Ethel, beginning to recover her scli-possession. 'Y011 Imvc beon such a kind friend and I o.iteein you highly.'' \- ?:? ' 1 . - lin vo . linen:, t oo v lil'i','! 11 1 t'Jl t n ' e vcl :n i nefl Hn Dijonnais. 'I ought - to have waited until your: : esteem had become converted into a warmer feeling. ;- I will yet. dare to hope that my- suit, may not be; unacceptable to you.' 'No, no!' said. Ethel hurriedly.' Do not deceive yourself into behaving that I can ever be anything; more to you than a friend.' ?'You are cruel to deprive ine of all hope,' cx claimed the Marqmis rising aud possessing himself of her hand. 'Do not steel your heart against me, ' but. give me at feast a, further opportunity of gaining something infinitely more valuable than uiere esteem. ' . 'It is impossible,' answered Ethel, withdrawing her, hand. 'A certain circumstance prevents ? ': 'All, tell me the cii-eumsfance,' interrupted: the-. Marquis impetuously. : 'Tell me what it is; and I: will overcome it. 1 could remove mountains iu such » a eausoyis this I ' ' But' it-is immoveable!' answered Ethel. 'The; , image of another is so iixed 111 my heart, that neither time nor eternity, can unseat it.' i ' All, ' ejaculated Do Dijonnais. .with1 extreme agitation. 'But who is this man, where is ' he that 'lie: can be so long absent * from your side P. i He is not the ardent lover-that l am, if lie can thusi i neglect you ! ' ? i 'His is a sad history,' replied Ethel. 'But you. have a generous heart, and can sympathise with our; mutual soriow.' 'fa it Gerald Gray whom you love?' asked the '. Marquis abruptly. - . , 'How did you. know it? 'replied Ethel with astonishment. ' ' Your brother warned 1110 that I had a rival who was an escaped ? lunatic, and who' would be com-: niitted to an asylum 011 his recapture.' 'He is not a lunatic,' answered Ethel . warmly. She detected a covert sueer ,111 the. last remark, which almost destroyed ,lier pity ior the. man she had just rejected. . . , f Do not waste your sweet life in waiting for Gray's restoration ., to health,' continued De Dijonnais. 'He may never recover, and oven if lie did, would be liable to relapses, the fear of which would make your existence unendurable. You were made for happiness. Seize the opportunity I offer yqii and let our mutual love turn our world into a paradise.' 'It is useless to urge me. My heart and soul are; no longer in my keeping.' 'Give mo at least a slight hope that my great' love may alter your feelings,' pleaded the Marquis. 'Your persistent appeals distress me, Monsieur De Dijonnais,' replied Ethel, who began to get slightly weary of the man who had dared to fling a veiled sarcasm at her beloved Gerald. 'Give me a gleam of hope, be it over so slight! Uuick, answer me, ior 1 near your orotuer s 1001 steps on the stairs.' The Marquis's face was a study,' as he spoke. Passion, anger, and even a threatening: look seemed blended into one incomprehensible ex pression as he waito.l for Ethel's reply. 'I cannot ! ' she said in a low voice. 'Think again. There is yet time,' he answered, glancing anxiously at the door. 'There is not the slightest necessity. I know my: own mind,' replied Ethel firmly. 'I am sorry! ' sa'. I the Marquis, in atfvoico from which all traces of passion had.depavted. 'You will remember some day how gently I wooed you aud how deeply I loved you. In all that may happen hereafter, bury your blame or hatred in the memory of my devotion.' The handle of the door turned, and Jack Brandon Btood before them. 'I hope I havo not kept you waiting?' he exclaimed carelessly. 'But I left you in good hands. Had we not -better bo starting ? ' The Marquis held out his hand to Ethel, and though he bade her u silent 'Good night,' his eyes j gazed upon her with an expression that made her shudder, so full were they of relentless determina tion. 'Neither he nor my brother can force me into a distasteful marriage,' she mused when she was left alone. ' I have sullicient courage to defy any coercion that. .may be attempted, aud that such a thing is probable 1 gathered from the MarquitJ's parting look.' She threw herself into the chair she had occupied during the interview, and thought bitterly of hjw she had deceived herself with regard to Do Dijonnais's constant visits to the villa. Whilst thus employed, her glance fell upon a piece of paper lying cruniplcd on the carpet. She stooped carelessly and picked it up, smoothed it. out and read it. It was a very innocent thing to do, yet her action suddenly changed her from quiet self-possession to ? an agony of despair. Every vestige of colour left her cheek, her lips became blanched, her eyes were -swollen with weeping, aud a horrible presentiment of coining evil -jwept over her like a torrent. For t he first time she was enabled to interpret the Marquis's final words and parting look, for this document, whicl.' he. had unknowingly dropped j revealed the fact that lie had acquired a boundless I power over the fate both of herself and her brother. | The document was a promissory note signed by Jack Brandon, and its value was eighty thousand francs, representing roughly three thousand tlirco hundred pounds sterling! (To lie continued. Horn, keepers complain tlv of tho people who register with a greats i!sen go off to a cheap boarding-house. Wr. dislike to intimate tiwr i- V: i.^at»le for an edit or to lio, but tho statement in a Texas nappr that, a cattish that weighed 1701b3. was caught, in tho Hrazos iustifies the apprehension that- if the editor is ( not careful, he may, miknowmcny. to exaggerate, j and then he will drift into polities. lr is very difli- j cult, for acatlWi lo weigli l'TOlhs. Thecal fish has no ; 41'ulen ? 