LOCAL NEWS. The R.M. S. Jumna Is the next of the fortnightly service expected in Hervey's Bay from London. The Jumna Is now travelling down the coast, and is due In the Bay on Saturday, where she will, as usual, tranship the town cargo (50 tons) into a lighter. There are also a number of Italian immigrants on board for Bun daberg, but it is probable that they will not tranship but go on to Brisbane, whence they will proceed dlreet to thelr destination. This batch of Italian immi grants, most of whom were drafted to northern sugar districts. Is an experi mental one, and intended as a substitute for kanaka labor. They are under a three years contract to work on tbe plantations under conditions that are now pretty well known. Their opera tions will no doubt be watched with In terest, as throwing a light on the vexed question of suitable labor for sugar grow ing. The wet weather wbicb set i n on Monday continued yesterday. Tbe morning and greater portion of tbe Bfternoon were dull and overcast, the wind veering to tbe ea*t, but at S o'clock all indications of liner weather passed away, and tbe rain setting in very steadily gathered force ae night came on, and throughout tbe even ing came down heavily and without miiillnn RannrFo Ir/im tho uobobiimu, AtBjfuiia IIUIU iue uuuuirjr j ebew tbat tbe rain Is general over tbe district, and that a continuance may lead to seriouB consequences from floods. Our Eidsvoid correspondent wired yesterday tbat heavy rain bad fallen all day, and was still falling ; the Burnett was rising, and there wbb every appearance of a flood. At Gympie rain set io heavily at 3 o'clock, and was still falling unabated at a late hour. Tbe meteorological fort, cast indicates more rain to-day. The monthly Licensing Court wbb held yesterday morning before C. E. 8. Booker. J. Daaaelly, D. Rankin, aod Tbos. Braddock, Esqs., JJ.P. Tbe fol lowing transfers of licenses were granted: — Julia Butler to Asber Hyams, Rail way Hotel. Mungarr. Henry James brown to Mrs. A. Dlllane, Engineers' Arms. Mr. M'Gratb appeared for the applicant. An application for a billiard license for tbe Australian Hotel was granted to Mrs. Irwin. Mr. Stafford appeared for the applicant. Mr. P. Reardoo, of tbe Grand Hotel, was granted permission to allow tbe Military Band to play in the hotel next Saturday night. Mr. Robert Taylor, of tbe Pialba Hotel, was granted a month's leave of absence from hiB licensed premises and Mr. H. J. Brown appointed to act in the meantime. About 15 or 16 gentlemen defied tbe weatber and attended Mr.B. W. Brookes' lecture In tbe 8cbool of Arte last night ou the 'Superstitious of our Grand mothers.' Notwithstanding the empty benches, Mr. Brookes entered npon bis subject with spirit, and for an hour and a-balf highly entertained his very small bat exceedingly appreciative audience. He touched on all manner of superstl* tions and folklore, spoke of ghosts and witobcraft, aud went Into tbe history of belief in tbe supernatural. He wae the recipient of a hearty vote of thanke at tbeconcluslanof blaaddress, and In reply hinted tbat on a favorable occasion be might lecture before them again on another subject. At tbe Police Court yesterday morn ing. before C. E S. Booker, J, Donnelly, D. Rankin, and TboB' Braddook, Esqrs., J.J.P., a sailor named Cbarles Neilson, wbo wbb diBOhatged tbe previous day for drunkenness, again appeared before tbe Bench on a similar offence. The de fendant asked for another chance, but tbe Bencb did not feel disposed to orant I ha HUilloaf arifi AhaH ftafan/lanf 10a. or 24 bours, remarking that be would be better without money. In connection witb tbe sample j of wheat sent to bim by Mr. I D. Clarke, grown at Degilbo, Mr. Hayes, manager of tbe Queensland Milling Company, desoribss tbe wheat as of the Tusoany species, iu quality and size equal to tbat grown on toe Dariiog Downs, and offers to take any quantity of It at 4b. a bushel f.o.b. at Maryborough. The public recognition meeting at tbe Cangregatloual Cburcb this evening will fift liniiht ha CPA if ttt.ljintia/1 an/4 tha Hopper Joplln given a most cordial wel come. Tbe Rev. Day, obairman of tbe Queensland Congregational Uuiou, will preside, and a number of representative people will be present and take part In tbe proceedings. Yesterday's issue of the Bundaberg Mail was tbe flrst uuder tbe new pro prietorship, and bas been very oreditably brought out, In a leader devoted to 'onreelves' a vigorous policy is pro mised, and a nealoua obamplonsbip of the rights aud alalmn of tbe district recog nised as a first duty wbiob tbey under take to perform. 