Wynywd Motes. (FIIOU OBB OWJf 0O11KE8POKDENT0 l'robably the largest assemblage yet con ITregnted In thu local Town Hall, greeted tho pcrtorincn ol the now renowned Hand ot 'lope at their hist meeting on Monday night. Every Inch of available spnee in the body of the hall vran picked, and tho stage was occupied to its fullest capacity by pert ormolu aud also members ot tho audience. Con ildoring tho great crowd, nud tho fact that v very many hnd to he thankful for standing room oidy during tlio whole entertainment, ho ordur was remnrknbly good nnd a groat Improvement ou boiiio of the recent meetings. Two excellent dialogues formed the ffi feature of tho performance nnd werorocoWed with every demonstration of pleasure. Tho former of the two wns entitled 'How Tuinicr Hpeut hi, Wages,' and tho various character, wore a blypourtraycd by Hiss Tittloy, Mit) A'1' D'ilnlloraii.and Messrs. Wright, Jones, ( 1 alloran, nnd Sluttcrd (2). Tho other . bi oguc was most amusing the title being, 'Mr. Caudle Is Coaxed,' and the various per formers were tho Misses Nislmt (»), dun. nliiRs (2), and Htuttcrd, and Messrs, Chboii. Ni»bet, and Htullcnl (2). Mrs. CnrsonT Miss Wilkinson, Misses M. Nlsbet and B. OuimliiK«, and Misses K. Nlsbot nnd K Cunnings rendered duetts. Miss Foul nnd Mr. Wright gave suitable recitations nnd a number of little el ? run also added their quota to a really interesting progruminu, The choir us usual did good Service, nml nt the clow Mr. Colo announced thata ' Coffee Social' would be held In co mce Ion wIU, Ihn Hand of Hope Iu a few weeks time The threatened difficulty In. eonncclloii with the 'Military Mull 'fias been success. fully overcome, and there Is uvery prospect uf a i-rcnt event taking p acu on T hursilny, October IB, tho date ikelikd uiion. 'ural'3' The repair* to the schooner 'Ocean Hover' nre belne satisfactorily carried out by Mr II. J. White, mid In a short time she will bo niailr to face tho stormy elements onco more. ' Jho many fr lends of Mr. O. It. Langhnm will regret to bear tbnt ho hns suffered a severe Iwrc.vemcnt by the death of his mother which took place at Carlton (Melbourne) on Friday last. This is tho third bereavement within a short time that K Mr. Lniigliam has had to mourn, and he has the sympathy of a large circle of friends 111 this trying time. Signs of progress are still apparent ns 1 notice threu or four new cottages arc being erected on the township. Now that the munmcr wlil soon bo upon us It may not be out of place to suggest that Mine of our energetic townsfolk bestir them selves to have swimming baths constructed '' ntan early dnte. Tlio ladles in particular will feel deeply grateful if they can parllci pate in the healthful and pleasurable pur suit of a good lialhu during the approichlng hot days. If ,1 public meeting Is called no dou'jt some good results may eusuo iu this matter. It is a fact that there Is a substantial 11 Ghost ' (valiantly frightening defenceless women and children) In our midst / If so, a good cont of tar with the necessary feathery Ingappcndngcs will doubtless ere long ndd to the resplendent beauty of the long black nud white robe 