YORK. From our own Correspondent. On last Friday evening Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given- in the church. Tbe Altnr xvore the same decora tions as on choice festivals and the usual hymns were rendered. The act of Repara- r.inn wne /I _ FL 1 j _ 1 wvu. xcviuou. u. tiling tne.expOSlTJlOn DV Fr. Gibney. On Sunday Fr. Gibney paid a visit to Malebelling returning to York again in the evening. The late rains have acted like a charm upon the face of nature and quite rejuvenated the cx-ops and vegetation. Our surroundings of emerald green give a pleasing pensive aspect to " hill and dale Movement to Yilgarn is noticeable almost daily. Foot passengers Avith bxxndles aloft are frequently observed tramping along. The Carrying Company's teams stax-ted for the fields last xveek. Many other teams ply frequently in that direction, often killing txvo birds with one stone, for by return trip they often bring sandalwood. About a xveek since I observed five or six xvaggons Heavily laden with sandalwood passiixg into town. Some I hear xvere frightened thinking it was tixe ghost of 20 years ago. It xvas Pope the poet, I think, xvho said that the cax-eex of a public xvx- iter was one of warfare, The penalties due to exposing and inveighing against pet xvays and customs have little changed since -that literary lxxminary departed hence. Human frailties will alxvays exist in the mortal who -f breasts a public stream. They may » be' thankful if only submerged instead of completely drowned. Yet there is liberty of thought and expression and the motive xvill always do much to palliate an adverse course. The olden time with its sober xvays is rapidly "marching past." The strangers arx-iving fxom- places where every one is xxp and doing are causing a revolu tion in oxxr way of doing things. A writer seeing deficiencies points them out, but simply because the coxxrse indicated is at variance with olden customs he is of course regarded as an oixtlandish man. A x-adical change of inhabitants in this large place xvoxild altax- the xvays of its people, ancl make tlxenx thinkers, or a proportional w mixture xvoulcl stultify the remainder. In. new countries long free from an influx of strange settlex-s the offspring of the in habitants effect but little change. Fox- many years a counterpart may still bo- found existing ju tho inhabitants ami ways. Sept, 7th. 