My Lady's Revenge. By E- GARRISON JONES- CHAPTER XIX;—(Continued ) ' Yet, the work be great and fair. NOVELIST Wbj^gertainly not, monsien^. Mamma onlyijronght^me pp, and I love her and papa very .drajlyv, Sat one of these, days I'm to fina^n^pSwn parents, and turn. out to be a priiioeV daughter maybe, ae they do in . faij^iialeB—that's what my godmother *'4Jh, my child!" moans poor Mrs. BothweU^leaning down to clasp her again Zpst-my little baby almost as soon as it was born. If she had been spared to me, she wonldhave been like yon." "Lost her! Sid she die?" inquires Joiin. "No; she was stolen from me." replies lire. Bothwell. 7 Josie opens her hlack eyes wide, then parses hei red mouth, and ntters a low "-Stolen 1"- she repeats. "Well, nowv wbatif I -shonld turn out to bo yr •* stolen child? Wouldn't that be nice? -goat's tbe way the fairy bookB-make it. : Bnt it couldn't .wellbe,fox I have the Liader orescent on my aim. I think that grand old lady at Nivernois Court will be my grandmother ' when th'e troth r s Tcnown. " I shall find oat some day. you /nay be surer of that. And, let's see—well, it will be better, perhaps, for me to have your addreES, then I'll write and tell you all about 'it. Will you please write It forme?" She dives into her pocket, .and brings ap s set cf tablets and a pencil-case, which she puts to Mrs. Bothwell's band. " 1 always keep iKem," she explains, ''to write down anything Mrs. Heath wishes me to remember. She gave them to me. Please just put your name end address down, and X will writeto yon some day." ".Here, my dear, give her this," says Mr. Bothwell, taking acard from hiB pocket, as his wife vainly essays to write with her trembling fingers, "I think this singular interview has lasted long enough."/ But Josie'a quick ears catch the impbrt of tbe last,woras. and as she receives tbe tablet and tbecard.ebe draws back at once. *.* Good-bye, lady,"' she says, touching the tips of her fingers to hex red month. The carriage whirls away, and looking hack through her tears, Mrs: Bothwell sees the sparkling face and graceful little fieure, • defined: like a rare picture in the yellow annlight. At his hotel, on hisreturn from the drive, the ironmaster finds various letters'awaiting him—ronly one of these, however, of much importsnoe. This one, dated from " Aberdndho Lodge, Oardiganshire," ran as 1oIIowb : "Mx Deab Sm,—I am spending a few days at my old Welsh seat, known as Aberdadno Lodge. Would you mind putting yourself to the trouble of making me a visit ? I am very anxious to meet yon. I made arrangements to wait npon you some time *pr>. but, unfortunately, yoa were not in England. " Some very strange troths, that merely concern both yourself and me, have oome to my knowledge, and I cm impatient to commonieste tbem to yoa, and to confer with \- you « in H regard to onr future action, yoa can make it. convenient to «omp!y with this request, have the goodness to write a line to my solicitor, Mr. Vant, 24, Dorset-street, London. He will bear you company into Wales, and. will no doubt assist us in eoming to a satisfactory understanding. 1 shall hope to see yon as early MB practicable.—Yours very obediently, " Si. Aubts. . « To Edmund Bothwell, Esq." Tbe iron master read this letter thrice, and then pat it carefully into bis breastpocket. " What," he soliloquised, "csn Lord St, Aabyn want with me? And I'm to race all the way to Wales to meet bim ! Not I. If lie wants to see me be knows where to find me when I return to England, and he can "trouble himself to call upon ire. It his revelations are of suoh importance-" But the import of this letter haunted him. Sleeping or waking, his mind was tormented by the question: "What can Lord St. Aabyn have to iell ?" He made no mention of tha letter to his wife, for her despondency had settled into a fixed despair since their densrtnre from Prance was deoided on, and he had no wish to add to her anxiety. Arrived in London, he took apartments, and lost no time in securing tbe best medical attendance for his wife. She was worn out fay some secret and inccsBant cere, and must have recreation, change of fcese, end amusement. This was the verdict of the doctors; and with a feeling of grateful relief that his fears in regard to his wife were groundless, Mr. Bothwell proceeded to arrange his business, preparatory to a winter sojourn in Borne. Still that letter from Wales haunted liiia. And at last he made up bis ' must see the end of jhe jnj&tter;^ ~*gake of bis own pieoe ksl '-Mm^M^fiq; ' Dinted an hoar . " I have only just heard of your return to England, Mr. Bothwell," be began, when the salutations of the day had been interchanged, and, yoa see, I have lest no time i seeking an interview. I should have sought it months ago, Mr. Bothwell, but, unfortunately, yon were out of England." He paused and sat rubbing his dry hands together, sitting on the edge of his chair, and looking about him with an alert, expectant air. The ironmaster bowed, produced a decanter of wine, and pushed it across the table to his visitor. u Take a glass of port, Mr. Vant," he said, and then have the goodness to inform me for what purpose you have sought this interview," Mr. Vant helped himself to .the wine, smacking his lips over it with great satisfaction. Well, Mr. Roth well," he said, " before I proceed to reveal to yoa tbe strange and earprising facts that have come into my possession—factB touching your interest and tionor, Mr. Bothwell—I want to ask youan J honest question: I .• "Go on, sir." . " Mr. Bothwell, you are a rich man, find a liberal one—at least, the world gives yog that character. Now, sir, if the strange truths I am about to put into your possession tnrn ont to bs priceless worth to you—iu other words, sir, if 1 am able to convince you that instead of a plain ircnir&ster; you are a titled peer, with untold wealth at your, command—if I am able to put you in the way of recovering yonr possessions, your title, your lawful heritage—if I can do all this, Mr. Eothwel!," what are you willing to do for me?" A slow flush arose in the ironmaster's cheeks, and despite his habitual dignity and repose of manner, he found it hard to restrain his self-command. " Either a strange question, Mr. Vant,"he said. "Let me hear oil these wondrous truths yoa speak of, and then I can better 1 judge of theirvalue." ~ "No, sir," cried the solicitor, hotly, " My secret would be your secret then, and you could reward me or let it alone according to your fancy. No sir; I set my price first, and then do my work. Now, Mr. Bothwell, thiDk the matter over. If I do all I have promised to do—reveal to you the secret of your birth, and make yon a titled and enormously wealthy man—yoa will give me one hundred thousand pounds when you come into possession of yonr lawful inheritance ? Mind, sir, no soul alive has tbe power to do this for you bat me, and how this power came into my hands, there is no need of explaining. Will yoa comply with my demand or not?" Mr. Bothwell meditated for the space of a minute, and then looked op with a light laugh. - " This all sounds like child's play," he said; however, I've no objection to -make this promise. If yoa are able to do what you state,and I see fit to take advantage of yoar revelations, I'll give yoa the hundred thousand pounds." " Very well, sir," returned the other. " Here's pen and ink; now write me yonr agreement to that efieot." " I wonder if yoa are s madman ?" thought Mr. Bothwell; bat ho took up the pen and wrote the agreement. He was on the point of signing it with his own name, when the solicitor interposed. " One moment, if yoa please, sir," be said. " Sign—* St. Aubyn.".' " What ?" " St.Acbyn. That ie yonr name, my lord. Justin, Marquis oi. St. Aubyn." The ironmaster dropped^iis pen and stared at bis visitor. The ironmaster dropped bis pea and stared at his visitor. " Man, are yoa a fool or a lur-atic ?" he fjscalstfd. " Neither the one nor the other, as yoa will find," replied the lawyer, promptly. " Sign as I tell you, and let ns proceed. My time is precious." A sudden recollection of that letter from Sc. Aabyn, desiring him to visit him at Wales, flashed through Mr. BothweH'e brain. He had not thought of it before. What, if after all this man were telling him the trath ? Moved by an instantaneous impulse, he dipped his pen in the ink and dashed oS the required signature. Mr. Vant took the note, dried the ink with care, folded it, apA pat it in bis breast pocket. " That's as good as the Bank of England," he said, a greedy glitter in his small, sharp eyes. "Now, sir, we'l' proceed if yoa are ready." " I am ready, Mr. Vant." '' Well, Mr. Bothwell," begun the lawyer, " some two years ago I chanced to be in Paris, and I was called into tbe old Convent of the Sacred Heart to hear the confession of a dying nun—Sister Theresa tbey called her. I have her picture here. Mr. Bothwell, did yoa ever see that face before 2" Mr. Bothwell took the ivory miniature and examined it. «Yes," he answered, without hesitation, " that is the face of the woman who brought me op for a while—Heloise she called herself. She waa not my mother, bat I lived with her till I was about thirteen years Old." • Precisely," responded the other, "Yoa are willing to swear to tl-is V' " Yes, sir, I am willing," " An important link; our chain of evidence is quite complete, Mr. Bothwell. " Now for the story. I was called in, as I have mentioned, to take down the confessions of this woman. I did so, in the presence of the proper authorities, and now yoa shall hear it. " This wom3B, Heloise by n-ime, was head nurse at St. Aubyn House, when Lidy Theodoise Lander that bad been, bnt wife of the late marquis, was delivered of her son and heir. This head nurse, Heloise, according to her confession, and also proved by an old Scottish record, which I bave taken the trouble to find, was the wife of onu Augusts St. Aubyn, a younger brother of the marquis by a secret marriage; and she, too, had a son born, only a short time previous to the L-sdy Theodosia's confinement. •• Well, Mr. Bothwell, it turns out that this Lord Anguste St. Aubyn, who was a dissolute young soldier, tired of his low-born wife, deserted and disowned her, and was killed soon after in a duel. " Meantime the Marchioness of St. Aubyn waB at death's door, and the infant heir of St. Aabyns was placed in the care of this woman Heloise. In her pain and anger at being deserted in fau apparent diegrsjS^ ' ' 'SSoAai^fcw; jgugL.Jiiie wbj heir's place, and no cse ever Euspcetcd the deception. Thus, yoa sea, Mr. Bothwell, that this woman's son, the offspring of her clandestine marriage with Aagaate St. Aubyn, was reared at St. Aubyn House, and considered the son ofthe marquis ; and when the marquis died he succeeded to the title and estates, and the world knows him to-day as Justin, Lord of St. Aabyn, and, through the death of a great-uncle, also of Nivernois Court." "And the other child?" questioned the ironmaster, hoarsely. " The other child was reared by the woman Heloise, under the name of Edmund Bothwell." For the spaoe of a minute dead silenee reigns, and Mr. Vant watches bis companion with his alert, sharp eyes. Presently Mr. Bothwell speaks. " Andis that all ?" he says. " Isn't it enough, sir ? Bat it isn't qnite all, to tell yon the truth. This dying woman confessed that Bhe had never lost eight/of this'Edmund Bothwell, lest by some chance ho should succeed in supplanting her own son. She hadhim under her eye wherever he went, events-hen he married; and when his wife gave birth to a child, knowing that, it would inherit the estates and title that her own son held, the more to secure him in his unlawful poeition, she stole the babe and had it murdered—too late discovering that it was a girl." My child —murdered 1" "Yes, sir; that's what she'stated under oath, and with her last breath. She repented, it appears, and made a clean breast of it. And now, Mr. Rjthwell. if I may vesture to call yoa by your old name, what do you propose doing? 01 course you see that yoar esse is complete. I could havs told you all this months ago, but it is a rale of mine never to broach a case till I can see the end. This one is clear. All the proofs are under my finger-ends. Now, sir, what is to ba do'e?" 31'. Bothwell meditated, with a curious half- regretful look in his fyes. He waB thinkiug cf'the picture of the dead marquis, down at Nivernois Court, to which bis wife had said he bore such a strong resemblance —his own father's picture, evidently; Bat now without a child, or any hope of ever A having one, he felt but little anxiety to claim < his rights. It is scarcely worth the trouble," he said, speaking hi a thoughts aloud. "I have enough of the world's goods, and care but little for its honors. But the truth should ba established. Well, the best thing we can do is to go and see St. Aubyn. l have a letter from him, which refers to this matter, ; no doubt. He knows of it, does he ?" " Yes," replied the solicitor, with a suddeu flash in his small eyes,." he knows of •i it." Mr. Bothwell drew from his pocket the letter datid Aberdudno Lodge, and tossed it across the table. " Yoa can read it, Mr Vant," he said," . Mr. Vant read it more than once, running his wiry fingers through his rusty wig. " He means compromise," he said at last, his eyes twinkling; " that's what Ihs marquis means." \- •" ' t "Shall wa visit him ?" asked 'the • ironmaster ; " or send for him to ccme to London?" \- . ; "I think he has his wife with him," said Vant. " She iB ill. and the doctors sent her these for her health." " Jn that CBse," interrupted Mr. Bothwell, " we will gc. I am anxious to settle this' l matter at once, as I start for Borne in aiortnight. Shall we go to- morrow?" " " If you like, Mr. Bothwell.-' • ." Very well 5 to-morrow, at ten; o'clock, then be it.. Take another glass of port, Mr. Vant, and rest assured that'llTdamake. lip my-mind to taks .advantage.oLthegood. f91-. tone yoa have pat withia my reach, yoa shall have your reward/' The solicitor helped himself to' a ceeoni glass, and smacked hiB dry lips as he bowel himself ont; and the ironmaster left hia private room and harried to his wife's apartment, thinking, as he went: - . "Poor Ieabell I mast keep all this strange news a secret from her; she's too weak to hear it. And oar-babe was murdered] Poor Isabel! Little comfort woald all these empty honors bring to her 1" CHAPTER XX. THE BLACK DBAWING-BOOH. A grey, ivy-grown pile of stone and mortar, on a beetling cliff on the wild Welsh coast facing the Cardigan Bay, is Aberdadno Lodge, an antiquated country esat, which came down to the St. Aubyno ages ago from one of their ancestors. Up and down the long upper terrace, with the shill winds buffeting her small, frail figure, paces our poor little Bees. She is robed from head to foot in a dress of grey stuS that makes her look like a nun, bnt lor the scarlet scarf about her shoulders, and her streaming flossy hair. She shivers at every blast of the dreary wind, and the sight of tbe beetling crags below Beemed to terrify her as they wonld a little child. But she utters no word of complaint ; St. Aubyn has brought her there, and St. Aubyn's will ia her law. She is jaet the sort of woman to be made a slave, and; her proad, handsome husband has all thfe" characteristics of a tyrant. He loves Bess as well ss a man of his nature can love thing that belongs to him; he ia tender iS her health, in his way, and would firieva to lose her; bat Bess and his Italian honnd are on the same footing, and are cqual^ obedient. "Si Aubyn has brought her to Aberdudno Lodge for her health, and he hss told her to" walk tbe stone terrace for such a length of time, and at certain hours. Of course she obeys him, though every bone in her body aches from the exertion. St. Aubyn has ridden down to post-town for letters, and his wife is hoping for his re< turn. At last be comes galloping over the shingle at a great rate, and in two minutes he is xnnniDg up the stone steps. Bess hurries to meet him, her meek eyes chining with womanly tenderness, He stoops and kisses her, though his cheeks are flushed, and his whole manner deeply exoitcd. You've been walking as I told yoa, " Yes deer." " Well that's a good girl. I daresay you'll feel much stronger to-morrow. Now, little love, you must go to yoar own rooms; I shall have visitors shortly, and be occopied all night, perhaps with important business. Don't venture down at all until I give you permission. I'll ordc-r yonr dinner sent up, and come to yoa myself as soon as I can. There, kiss me now, and run away like a good girl," She lifts up her meek, white face, and kisses bim, and then she makes her way into the dreary old bouse, and up the stone stairs into a grand, cheerless chamber. There she sits in a low chair, before a smouldering fire, end rocking herself to and fro, sobs away tbe cheerless hours. Meanwhile St. Aabyn stands npon the windy terrace, his eyes bent upon the road below. He has just received intelligence that Mr. Bothwell and Treheme Vant are in the neighborhood, and he knows well enough that Aberdudno Lodge is their destination. He watohes the river road, his eyes like steel, his handsome month set in a straight, determined lice. For months this horrible thing has been banging over him like an tStef^^' thing feoia~beginning to end. St. Aubyn stood like one struck dumb and blind. " For mercy's sake, Vant, don't betray me," he gasped; " don't let any more of this cursed talk get. afloat. Help me to hush it up." ' , The old man laughed derisively. " Help yoa to hash it up i" he repeated. "And I've been nearly two years hunting up proof and evidence i Not I, my lord I You have had your day, you and your race; mine has now come. : I have notforgotten when I was turned from yonr proud father's door, and all for a trifling misdemeanor, that any good man would Have pardoned. I swore an oath that one day I woald have my revenge. That day has come. I bold your fate in my hands, bat I warn yon now to expect no mercy." . St. Aubyn hawed, bat an awfal terror olatobed at iiia heart. < Yoa willrtell this Mr. Bothwell what yoa have:toid- met then, Mr. Vant ?" he asked. .. ..' "I shall, my lord. I should have told him weeks ago, .bat hie is not in England." 'Ah, Seymour!" said the marquis. " WTiat is it ? . '•A carriage, my lord, at the south gate, and two gentlemen to see you," replied the old man. "St. Aubyn said no more. He had laid his to go with his wife to Aberdudno and he went, with the impending doom banging over his head like the sword of jbamoclbS. Amid the wild cliflj of Cardiganshire St. Aabyn thought the whole thing over, and j made his resolve. .If the worst came to the worse, he woald die sooner than face the world, that knew bim as a titled peer, as a nameless beggar —it might be an illegitimate sou. He would never do that. No matter what cost him, he would cling to his heritage, or relinquish it only with his life. He was not a wicked man or a cruel one then, bat he was .thoroughly selfish to his heart's core. Sacrifice for the sake of right or principle something of which be had no comprehension. ! He . looked, his fate in the faoe, and made ap his mind that he mast oonqaer it. How, he could not determine it. Bat wandering the old stone boose that overlooked the desolate sea-line, a vague and indefinite idea took shape in his brain. A very'horrible idea, it was, and at first he. thrnst it from him .with a shudder. But it came again, as' sacb temptations always do, and by degrees he began to grow accustomed to its awfal significance. By-and-by it' haunted him his own shadow, and .at a week's end he sat down and wrote that letter to Mr. Bothwell, requesting bim to come to Aberdadno Lodge, and to bring Mr. Vant, the solicitor, with him. The letter went to London, and Mr. Bothwell's agent sent it across to France. St. •Aubyn.waited patiently,, half dreading that they wonld take him at hie word and come to Cardiganshire, and ~ experiencing a carious eensation of relief as day after day went by and brought no tidings from them. Bat they were coming now; only an hour ago his valet had seen Vant and a gentleman, a stranger, together. Before the sun rose again, all would be over. His cheeks paled to tbe hae of ashes, and his handsome irresolute month trembled weakly, bat his eyes.kept their steady watch upon the sandy road below. Presently, a footstep rang apon the flagstones, and bis lordship wheeled round with a startled face; bat it was only old Seymour, bis man-servant, the most devoted friendlie had. "Ah, Scymoar 1" taid the marquis. " Wbatis it I" "A carriage, my lord, at the south gate, and two gentlemen to see you" replied the old man. St. Aabyn gave another start end grew ashen white, in spite of his efforts at selfcommand. The old servant watched him with anxious eyes. He had been in the Sc. Aabyn family since his infancy ; and served the old marquis till his death, and now served his son with a loving filelitv that was something wonderful to see. Wherever St. Aubyn went old Seymour followed ; the devoted old servant never left his master's side; and if it had been required of him, be woald have died as willingly and cheerfally for his dear .young, master's good as he lived to serve lord," he said, while St. Aubyn stood joribe instant irresolute," what mast I do 1 them away ?" Ilia words ' ' * roused the marquis. I; "No, Seymour," he replied, wheeling jroohd, with blazing eyes and flushing them'in at once. I will and, Seymoar, give orders bs served without delay. Stay one^3tn»n$,'' he added, with a carious expresiiro'sflttting acroBs his face. " I—I may stariyitir London before daylight. Be in reaitiolsB^to shut up tbe Lodge at a moment's warni|^.' ? Do you hear 2" " Yia^hy lord," and with a sad, perplexed faee.tra^ld man went down to the gate to meetipeViBitorE. A<ndmds ar two later Mr. Bothwell and Trel^^^Viant were nshered in, and Lord St. A^jfittj^coiss to receive them. " Y^Jpereeive, my lord," spoke the ironma's ^tfun.the three were seated, " that I am h i;is.6j>edienoe to yoar letter received somei VfBiigo, and yonr solicitor, Mr. Vant, is wjtfi te^r. As I tee 1 extremely anxicas to have K ffiPijiBpleasant business over, and to get-bjp gpffci. London at the earliest hoar possibi £Jt jbeg that yon proceed without delay! pi^t-me hear the important matters to -whUaityoar 3\. MM.. letter ln<fn. fllld^aD alludes. '' St. tatfya** heart gave one convulsive bound,viSitthen stood Btill. He glanced at Mr. Bothwell, and then at his solicitor. "He. knows," he said, inwardly; "that fellow VjMit has told him tbe whole story. He willMSeno mercy. We?I, I'll bave no mercyAB^im when my time comes." " I am pinah gratified to see you, Mr. Bothwell," he repliei," and also my solicitor, and no time^hsdl be lost in getting our basioess over. Bot,nfcqurse, you have no thought of leaving bere to-night; there are many tedious details, and musty documents to dispose of—eh, Mr. Vant ?" with a goodhumored Bodat the rusty lawyer. "A good many, my lord," responded Vant, rabj|Ing bis hands and smiling all over his ferret face. " Then,"^parsued the marquis, blandly, " since is no hope of getting through before midipght, we will fortify ourselves with dinner before we begin. There goes tbe beU'oow^his way, ifyon please," He tofregysiniHngly, and led the way to •thn spirits. Ooly watchful old Seymour noticed hiB air of subdued excitement, and saw that be took little food, bat drank wine in copious draughts. When dinner was at last over, and the gueBts arose, with tbe same odd expression flitting aoroEshis face, St. Aubyn said : " Order lights in the black drawicg-room, Seymour; we will sit there to-night." Seymour said not a word; bat as he left the room to do bis master's bidding he looked back with a startled faoe. "This way, gentlemen," continued the marquis, quietly; "itisn't plessantclimbing np to such a height; bat I keep my cabinet in the turret drawing-room, and it contains some important papers that I wish to submit to Mr. Vant's inspection." He led the way oat into a dark and draughty corridor, and op a winding stairwsy, which pierced the centre of the main tower of the old house, known as the black turret, Mr. Bothwell following with unsuspecting willingness, but the solicitor looking about him with alert, uneasy glances, as if be had fearB of being led into a trap. After a few moments' laborious climbing, they left the winding stone steps, and emerged into a large, Equate room, brilliantly lighted and strangely furnished in black and scarlet. A cheerful fire blazed upon the black tiled hearth, and before a huge black cabinet, a black marble table was drawn upx and three great chairs upholstered in black and soarlet velvet. Now, gentlemen," said the marquis, " I beg that yoa will be seated, and when Seymour has replenished the fire, and brought ns some wine, we Bball find ourselves comfortable. This was my father's favorite drawing-room, and his father's before him, Mr. Bothwell," he continued, throwing himself into one of the great chairs with graceful negligence, " and daring my annual visits I invariably ass this apartment for business and private matters. That will do, Seymour; yoa may go now." Ssymoar went out with another startled, questioning glance at his yoang master's "ace. Outside the door be paused, and looked distressingly about him. " What does that queer look on his face mean ? And hiB coming to sit in that black haunted hole ?" he mnrmcred in an awed voice. Then he Btood still, listening to the murmur of voices within. "I must try to save my dear young master," he continues, great tears trickling silently down bis fnrrowed cheeks. " Sarely there's something wrong a-brewing this night! I mast know what it is, and do my duty to my master." There was a side-door at hand,, which led into a small ante-room, communicating through a silken alcove with the turret drawing room ia which my lord Bad his guests were seated. This door the old man softly opened, and gliding into the cartained recess, he crouched down in the dark; " Now gentleman," proceeded the marquis, here is wine. Have the goodness to help yourselves, will you ?" The wiry little solicitor chuckled and nodded, and helped himself to a glass of port. " Ab, drink it while you may, yoa treacherous vampire 1" thought the marquis. " Your days of enjoyment are drawing to a close. You have not spared me, neither will I spare you/' But he glanced across at the grave and handsome face of the ironmaster, with a feeling of pity stirring in his heart. " I would like to spare him, if I could," bethought. "He is not to blame, and my blood runs in his veins. I'll try to spare him, bat I will never resign my name and heritage." The fire shot np into his eye3 again, and he set his handsome teeth close and bard. " Mr. Bothwell," be began, in a elow, steady, determined voice. "Mr. Vant has told you the strange story of the dying nan's confession ?" " Mr. Vant hag told me, my lord," replied Mr. Bothwell, qaietly. "That yoa are Jastin, Marquis of St. Aabyn, and Lord of Nivernois Court, and I am the son—whether legitimate or illegitimate, is yet to be determined—of Lord Aagaste St. Aubyn and Lady St. Aubyn'a nursemaid 7" The ironmaster bowed gravely, and Mr. Vant looked on with exultaat eyes. " And yon believe all this, Mr. Bothwell?" continued the marquis. I believe it all, my lord; the proofs are indisputable.'" " Then, sir, will yoa have the kindness to tell me what course yon intend to pursue?"' Mr. Bothwell looked ap with a sadden flash in his dark eyes. " I don't think that I am called npon to act in this matter, sir," he replied, significantly ; " yon should answer that question. What course do you intend to pursue?" Something in his smile and in the tone of his voice seemed to rouse Mr. Bothweli's contempt. He turned and looked at him with a withering glance. " There is bat one course ander tbe circumstance?, my lord, that an honorable man couM pursue." " Mr. Boihwell, will yoa oblige me by naming that course 1" " I will," returned the other, hotly. " If you are the man I take you to be, you will not hesitate a minute aboat resigning to me the title and heritage that belongs to me from my birth. That's what I should feel bound to do were I in your place, and that's what I suppose you intend to do when you summon me here to confer with yon." St. Aubyn lay baok in his seat, and fox a brief interval his face gave token of the struggle that was going on within him. He waB not a depraved man, incapable of good and noble deeds. He eaw his way clear eoougb, but he shrank from tbe self-sacrifice it involved. r * He rose to his feet after a moment's silence, his face slowly whitening. Mr. Vant," he said, fixing bis eyes on the little lawyer, "you might have spared this gentleman and myself all this trouble. I was willing to pay yoa well fct yoar silence, but you chose to let yoar tongae ran. Sir, yoar revenge was short- lived, and mine is at hand." He wheeled round and strode across to the door. There was a key in the lock; he turned it, took it oat, and slipped it in his breast pocket. " Now, Mr. Bothwell," he said, confronting bis gueEt again, " yoa anu I will come to an understanding." Mr. Bothwell rose to his feet, and met St. Aabyn's excited face with his quiet, selfpossessed gaze. " Why have you looked the door, sir J" he asked. " Am I to be held & prisoner here while you dictate your terms to me ?" " Yes. Mr. Bothweil,"returnea the marquis coolly. " That is precisely my intention." The ironmaster's face darkened with anger, and the little lawyer began to qaake and shiver in his rusty knee- breeches. " I am sure we oan come to an amicable understanding, my lord," he ventured to say in a craven, whining way. " I know Mr. Bothwell to be a liberal gentleman, and "— " Silence 1" interrupted St. Aubyn, in a voice that made tbe lawyer etart np from his seat. " Who aeked yoa what Mr. Bothwell will or will not do} I'll confer with him mjsel!, and with yoa, too, my friend, when yoar tarn comes." "Now, Mr. Bothwell," facing the iron' master again, " will you have the goodness to let me know what yon desire at my hands?" " My rights, eir," responded tbe other an hesitatingly ^ The^nirqais -wlncsd fceragntibly. bat bis J^HEftigX prompt and "Hty-ybnr-ight i^ttiWB^Owhold ^mffa^femt^rfg&Sr; xtaeeJdtflU) Mr smstm e title and "Held almost B tBllvoa ^lacL The ironmaster locked at him with an expression of regret in his grave fearless eyes. " I hoped for better things of you, my lord," he said, slowly, " I am sorry to find myself so deceived and disappointed; fox your dishonest and unprincipled ooarse will: necessarily force me to have my own by aid of the law. I had intended to deal generously with you, sir; indeed, it you. had offered to give me back my own, which yoa have so long and wrongfully held, I am not sure that I should have taken advantage of your honesty. I came here, sir, irresolute whether to claim my rights or not, for I am not an avaricious man, and I have enough and to spare; but your dishonesty has decided me. Since yoa relase to resign to me my name and birthright, out of which I have so long been defrauded by 1 your mother's deoeption, let me tell yon that I will have them—name, title, everything." For the Bpace of a minute after this somewhat protracted speech, dead silence reigned, and the two men stood eyeing each other, Mr. Vant looked on, his exaltation hlazing np again, in spite of bis craven fear. St. Aabyn was the first to break the silence. "Mr. Bothwell," he eaid, a slight tremor aboat his handsome moath, " yoa are -right,, no doabt, and I would like to be right too— magnanimous and unselfish, and all that sort of thing; bat sarely yoa mast see .that I cannot. That line of oondact woald leave me a beggar, and worse, nameless, "perhaps, in the eyes of a world that has worshipped me from my youth. I cannot stand that, Mr. Bothwell, and I cannot give you-what you claim. But is there nothing else—jjo other conditions? Name yonr prioe—onehalf, or even more than one-half, of my possessions, I vill pay yoa well if yoa will go back to your iroa mines and let this affair drop." There wae in hiB bine eyes a Wistful entreaty that toached Mr. Bothweli's heart, bat he answered, with'prompt decision : " No, sir; I will not be bought ofi at any price. The world shall know the secret of my birth." "Yoa are fully decided?" asked the mar- quis, that white, strange look creeping over his face again. " Pally deeided, sir." " Will yoa take more -time to think it over?" Not a minute. My mind is made op, and years would never change it." " Very well, Mr. Bothweil." He wheeled round, and crossed to the tall, black oabinet. "Now, Mr. Vant, if yoa please, we will examine those papers I spoke of," be said. His voioe sounded hoarse and unnatural, and there was an awfal look on his face. The lawyer noticed it, and a thrill of terror shook him from bead to toot; bat be approached, as did the ironmaster, tbe black oabinet before which St. Aubyn stood. The latter put up his hand as if to take ont a roll of papers that occupied a small shelf, bat, instead, he pasbed hard against something whioh yielded with a sharp snap. Tbe next instant be leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in front of the oabinet went down with a dull orash, and the lawyer and Mr. Bothwell went down with it. For an instant there was a yawning black obssm, a rash of loathsome air, a stifled, gargling cry, and then tbe black trap-door rose slowly ap, and was adjusted in its old place by another sharp snap of its secret machinery; and, with a face like the face of a dead man, St. Aubyn stood in the blaok drawing-room—alone 1 CHAPJEB XXt. A STRANGE 1TEETIKG. For a minute, perhaps, after the disappear ance of Mr. Bothwell and the lawyer into the abyss, tbe Marqais of St. Aabyn stood there, with strained eyes'and "listening ears, and then be made a frantic rash at the door. St. Aubyn leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash, the lawyer and Mr. Rothwell went down with it. " I'm safe," he articulated, ia a strange, choking whisper, as he groped at the lock; " that fall must have killed them instantly. From tbe turret down to the old doojen! It is terrible to think of, though 1 But tbey forced me to it. Why couldn't they let me alone ? Curse this door I—shall I never get it open J Ah, here's the key in my pooket. I forgot." His hands shook, bis very knees bent ander him. At last he got the door open, and rushed oat headlong, as if a ghost were at hie heels. "Seymour, Seymour 1" he called, stumbling on towards the great stairway- From a shadowy corner the old man suddenly shot up. " What is it—what's the matter, mylord?" _ he gasped, hiB face not leas'ghastly than his i master's. " Who eaid anything was tbe matter 1" returned St. Aubyn, hotly. " Stand rff, yon idiot J Wby do yoa stare at me so 7' " Oh, my dear yoang master," entreated the poor old man, with his affrighted eyes raised to the yoang man's face, what have you done?" St. Auburn raised his hand as if to strike at h>m in his sudden rage andlear. •'Will you cease asking me"questions?" he cried. "Nothing is the matter, only I'm going away to- night—this hoar. I've had news from London. I must start at once. Are yoa ready to shut up the house, as I ordered?" The old man bowed his head, and then added, in his tremulous voice : " My lord, what have you'done with oar guests?" " Done with them I" ec'aoed St. Aubyn, seizing his arm and forcing him down towords the stairs. " I have done nothing with them. They are gone—gone to catch the London train—and I am going too. Be quick! Have out the horses and shut up the house, and don't ssk another question, if you value your life." The old man obeys, wringing his bands and moaning as be descends tbe winding stairs. St. Aabyn darts back to tbe door of the black drawing- room, shuts it and locks it, putting the key in his pocket, and then follows in old Seymonr's steps with a strange feeling of relief, as if be had looked his dark night's work safe and secure in that turret room. He crosses the draughty corridor, and makes his way straight to his wife's rooms. She is yet sitting before the emoaldering ashes, wrapped in her scarf, her brown hair clinging to her white thin cheeks, the tears not yjat dry, SheiB fa* aridioBt^in .lights': fifei-' «tWlPlgS5£5 ber " jtndBhe- 