NOVELIST. My Lady's Revenge. By E. CIRRISON JONES. CIEAPTEIR XXIr.-(ao oNTIAro D.) The rain fell with a dismal sound upon the wet flag-stoner, and the winds wailed In a ghostly fashion amid the bare branches of the trees and around the grim towere sverhead, but Cassandra a'ightcd without a reamer. "Wait for m here," she said to the driver. "1 shall not remain long." He settled himself in the carriage, with a few inaudible murmurs of complaint, and through the great stone entrance and up the slippery walk Lord St. Aubyn's bride made her noiseless way. She reached the broad stone steps that led ap to the heavy oaken door, and there she paused and looked keenly about her. Very wbite was her face, but in her eyes alittered alookof dauntless determination. What she same to do she would accomplish, no matter what the risk might be. She stood for a moment irresolute as to what course to pursue-whether to approach the front entrance and boldly demand ad mlltonee, or to wait until some sign of life within presented itself. While she stood ahus the sound of chopping fell on her strained ear. It came from the lower ter. ra-e, just beyond the eastern wing of the building, and in that direction she at once beat her steps, As soon ·a.=a } ratnhar ta .i a it tuiesa nso corner of the dismal old houaee, she saw a little shed constructed of boards and filled with billets of wood, and in front of it esat the stooping figure of an old man. He had a small axe in his hand, and appeared to be engaged in splitting firewood. Her ladyship at once inferred that this old man was the person she sought, and she made her way across to the little shed. " Seymour, is that you 2" she called, when she was within a feweteps of him. The old man started, and rising to his feet, looked about him in surprise. Cas sandra was at his side, and had her gloved hand on his arm in a breath. S"Don't be startled, Seymour," she said. "I came from your master and my husband, Lord St. Aubyn. Have you forgotten me, Seymoanr 2" The old man shook his grey head in a laced way. " I'm afraid I have, my lady," he replied. ' Well, then, no matter. I am Lord St. Aubyn's wife, Seymour-we were married only a short time ago-and my lord has seont me here, Seymour, to bring you good -ews." S"Good news, my lady I" repeated the old * u,." What ran it be " ! "Cannot you guess what it is, Seymourt" ontinued her ladyship. "Lord St. Aubyn Sill, and could not come himself, and you :now he dare not trust another save his rite. Seymour, he has told me the cecrat." She made a swift gesture towards the asulta beneath the old house. The old :an's crinkled face paled to an ashen :rsoy. "You know it. my lady ?" he repeated. "Yea, TLrd St. Aubyn has told mc: and uoro, he hae sent me hero, toeymour, to tell :'on to be of good heart. In a few weeks all his shall end, and you and your prisoners hall be free." The old man caught her hand and carried it to his lips, while the tears streamed over :ile furrowed cheeks. "Oh, my lady," he cried, " what do you nran?" " What I say, Seymour," she answered, hteadily; " you are to be free-you and your vrisonere. Strange things hlave happened, ond Lord li.' Anbyn has determined to take tour advice and let them go free. They are alive yetl' "Yes my lady." " Well, be will como himself as soon as he I?aovers, and see thom, and arrange it all. Eau mus-h.ot a oa . IC..n ?.,h rangUer, ney neaur, You have beer a faithfuo servant to :our menter, and you shall not lose your ro 'ard." " I have it now, my lady," sobbed the old man. " Oh, my dear master I I have prayed day and night that his heart would change." " Well," interrupted Cassandra, trifle im. patiently, "you must be patient till he comes, and try to make the poor men comfortable, Seymour. It is a heard lot faor them " " Ah, my lady, a bitter lot I" Well, do the beat you can for them, and Iwhen your nebv.er comes all shall be mado right, ltire, take tlhi purse ; antd, Seymour, here is some wine. Take it, and drink eome yourself, and give the poor men some. Poor souls, it malke me shudder to think of them I" SIlluees your good heart, my dear lady, I will I' lie took the bottles i hlin shaking hands, and iher ladyehip drew her cloak olose. "I nlllt g o, aynlor," lha navid; " my carriage waits below there, aInd I want to 'atnh the first available train,. Ismembor, now, yontr maeter will soon be here to relense you. lI· patient, and do the beat you oan, sioodkbya." " (oodhbya, nay lady, and may you be re warded for this, It is your wo lk, I'm 0ur0." " Yes, it in my work," repeated Cassandra, an siho retraecd her way to the spot whroe tihe waiting vehloal utood-" work for whiol I have no taste, but fate has forced it upon me. and it must be done." ',ho shivered, and her teeth ohattored, but shl approacheod the carriage with a tLoeltliko glitter in her oyes, " I have comr to toll you that you may return without me," el osaid, addressing the iriver. "I have delided to remain all Mlgh,. In the morning I sallnt tboe my 'otter way witlh me; you may tell the landlord so. Here in hie money and someo thing for yourself, too, to pay you for your 'tiegreeoblh drive." The driver touched his hat and said " -Thnkre. mum," and rattled off down the rooky road. 't'l.roull the storm and gloom she moad I.rcr eoy back to the old house. With cautious trend she flitted along, under the shadow of the dripping treeE,till sihe reached the northern wing, around which a covered terrace ran. She crept up to the wet Etone steps, and ranking her way to the dark and sheltered corner, she eatdown. The night was danee and dark; an ioy shet mingled with the dripping rain, nd bent a miseerable tattoo on tilhe wt tones ; lut, like an image of marble, Lord St. Aubyn's bride sat in her sheltered corner, her thands Icebcd togethrr, her face like death. Sile heard the bells strike for midnight, yet she did not move. At lest, a little while efore tilhe dawn began to brelak, she arose. " This is awful I' she colsaid, in a low, gnsp inre voice. 'hI wondor it St. Aubyn would suffer like this for me? Through the thick gloom she groped her way down tite steps, and in the direction of the little shed where she had met Seymour. There site paused and surveyed the old house with anxious eyes. It loomed up like a great block tomb, silent and dark as the night, save one window on the ground floor, and from that a feeble light issued. Cassandra saw this glimmering light, and approached it. The window was bleared and stained, but she could see through it dimly. There was a room beyond,with a bed in one corner, and on that bed, by the dim light of the taper that flickered near by, bsho could desory a human figure. She looked through the stained glass, and then she turnedto the door. "I must knw," the muttered, under her breath-"I must be oertain." She tried the door and it opened, and she made her way through a narrow corridor into the dimly-lighted room. There lay the figure stif and motionless, the worn, fur. rowed face turned full towards the flickering tape. On a small table stood a bottle and a glass, in which a few drop of wine still re. mained. Cassandra looked searchingly at these ob. jects, and discovered that the bottle was one of those she had riven to Seymour, and that it was uncorked. She stood an instant, ehalcen by a strong I shudder of terror and disgust; then she drew near the bed, and peered down into the stony, upturned face; she even put out her band and touched the furrowed fore. head. "It has ended," she said, in a horse whisper; "he is dead." She flitted from the silent room like a shadow, closed the door behind her, and made her way out into the cliff road, and across the country to the nearest elation; and the first train that stopped there bore her on her way back towards London. CHAPTER XXXII. eTARTLrtu NaeWS. The same February day that sees Lady a Cassandra book in London, breake drearily over a small party congregated on the drok of a an English vessel steaming up the Thames, 1 Othis party four persons aere the resood r pasesengers of the ill-fated Baltic. One of thete four is DeBa, the mother of Lord St, a Aubyn's san and heir. Captain Sir ildmond Carew is beside her, and she leans upon his arm now. From the Ia o ane io nf death she is noming baok to hbl Shusband and child. a The silent tears rise in her solemn brown I eyes as she thinks of it, a faint red glow in her waxen cheeks, and her childish mouth I quivers. "Redmond," she whispers, clinging more I closely to her companion, and raising her a swimming eyes to his faoe, "St. Aubyn will he waiting to welcome me. Don't you think a so, Redmond?" Sir RIdmond Carew looks down at the frail little ereature with tender kindness in his eyes. He has mastered oil his own pain I and cruel disappointment ; he is her friend now, truer than a brother could be. " Ye, Bess," he answers, with his sad, kind amile," of coureo he will be there. lie Shis received our letters, no doubt, and he must be the happiest man in England to. a day." Bes laoughs-a simple, joyous little laugh. "Yes, Redmond, only think of it " she goes on. "For the second time Iam coming back to him from the grave." The pallid dawn deepened, and presently I the sun came tp, lifting the misty gloom, and ushering in a clear and spring-like day. The I passengers reached their plaoe of landine_, and crowded forward with eager faces to look for their friends. Sir Riedmond Carew was I amid the foremost, with Base on his arm. But Lord St. Aubyn was not in sight. A dark frown clouded the Indian officer's brow. " This is a aterngo business I" he muttered. "He must have received some of the many letters sent him. I wonder if the fellow is a villain ?" "What were yon saying, Redmond ?" in. quired Bees. -. ,.u~etlt0, -.." p,---.. . i.oUeer to met yeou, Bees, t10 must be that he has not been informed of your coming." "That's it," responded BDss; "he hasn't heard of it. Oh, RIldmond, what a surprise it would be if we should go to him, end he believing moe to be dead, and buried in the seal" t"Ye, a great surprise, child," responded the naptaina, absently. Ioe bails a cab, and they are driven to South Audloy-street, where an old friend of Sir Redmond Carew resides. IHe is luoky enough to find this lady at home, and into her care he commits Bees. "She is one of the Bultiion passeongers," he explains, as the lady follows him aot into the hall. "Only four persons were pioleod np; and Lady St. Aubyn was one or them.' " Lady St. Aubyn I" repeats Mrs. Mark ham. "Ye; didn't you understand the nameu? She has travelled home euder my hargeo. Her father was my brother otlleer, years ago, and I feel a more than Iriendly interest in the frail little creature. 'lease, Mrs. Markham, do what you can for her, as sheo is literally worn out." S;r Redmond Oorew eaya all this, standing in the hall, with heis bat in his hand, in rather an impatient manner, but leeling that some explanation is due to his old friend. Still Mru. Markhlam stands and stares at him. "I most go,'" heo says, even more Im. patiently. " You'll kindly take onre of the lady till I return for her, Mlri. Markhnm? And, by the way, oan you tell me where to find Lord St. Aubyn's residenoc ? Ioe shoult have comu to meet and wolcomne his wife to. day; but he did not, and I must try to flud Stdl IMru. lMarkham stares at the baronet in blanklsurpriose, but at lcet ahe retnarks: " You don't mean to say, Sir Illdmond, that this poor lady it Lord St. Aubyn'o wife, who wa lost at sea, do you 1" " Y'o," replied the baroueot. LIre. Markham scizeos his arm with both her hIanud., I" But, Sir Ilcdmond (arow," olto wuhicpere, oeoitedly. " Lorld Ht. Aubyn \oae married only a week aigo." The coptaint'a foe lwhitcue under all its foreign bronze. " Ilorried l" he ehoecs.o "Maorried, yee--to his cousein, Lady Caon. sandra laudcr, and 1 hear that they leave England loumorrow or the neot day. I was rending an nacount of it all-the wedding nod everything--in the Tienes, not half all hoer ago. I will bring you the paper and let you seeo for yourself." " Sasy, Mhir. ?arkham-thoro is no need. I can believe what you say," hae anwers. " But whatl in tih name of 'mercy is to be deanrs Poor Beae ?--it nillkill har. Shoe is longing to meet her husband and ehild, poor thing, and le married to that womlan I The heartlens villain I I'll put a bhullelt throulh his foleo heart I Go bauk to the poor child, Mrse. alurham, but for hleaven'e ake don't breathe a word of thin till wa see what'sa to be done, I'll find him, the false.hearted dastard I Where did you say his house was ?" " In Grosvenor.squaroi? anewered the lady. Sir Iladmond Carew wailed to bear no more, but with an angry flush on his swarthy face, and a savage look in his brown eyes, he strode away. OHAPTER XXX[II. THE DITTER UND, " St. Aubyn 1" The handsome peer starts up from his renumbent position on the velvet lounge, as thie sweet, fond voioe falls on hin ear-starts to hin leet and confronts his bride, the regal Cassandra. He stares blankly for a full minute, then exclaims: " Caussi, my dear, how you surprised one I When did you get back 1" "Only half an hour since, wet and chilled. I abole op to my rooms and made myself presentable before appearing before my dearhusabond'a eyes." Despite his burning anxiety, he takes her in his arms and kinsses her. Then he holds baher at arm's length and says: "Well, my love ?" " It is we/, dearest," aho answers promptly. "The secret is ended, and you are never to think of it or allude to it again." He stands mnute, a curious quiver etirring his unsteadly mouth, "Poor old Seymour," he lalters at last, "ha deserved a better fate at my handel" After a moment he adds: "Are you sure, Caseandra, that I am safo?" " am sure. lWhat I saw with my own eyes I must believe." She watches him wistfully, expecting some word of thanks or approbation, but he utters none. A pained look steals over lher face, but she pute it away and links her arm in hie. "Now, my love, I wont to sea you look happy," she adds; "it coat me more than you imagine to accomplish my task, but it is done, and tomorrow we shall be on our long and happy journey." "No, not toemorrow, dearest," he inter. rupta. "The steamer will'not nail till Friday. A messenger came to inform me of the alteration about anhour ago." My lady's face grown ghastly. " Why, St. Aubyn," she gasps, " what ran it meanl We must secure, aeommodation on aome other oteamor." " Sil tomorrow we cannot," replies her husband, regarding her with some astonish ment; "vwe must wait for the vessel in which our berths are taken. What makes you so anxious about it, Cassie--o im patient to be off ?" "Oh, I am not well," she answers evasively, averting her face. "I am sick of England, and wish we mould leave at oner," "So we will; but you must oultivate patience, my love. What in one day more or less 1" "What in one day?" repeats Caseandra, under her breath. " Who knows what a day may bring forth ?" But she answers oarelesaly: "Oh, no; one day is nothing. But I do teet disappointments and delays." "So do I,"respondo her hunband; "but we musat make the best of lit. I think I will take a stroll before dinner; I have boon cooped up hero ao long." He rings for his overcoat, puts it on and goes out. Cassandra site down with a white, set face, arrayed in all her gorgeous finery. Hler proud lip quivers, and the tears rise in her eyes. It hurts her cruelly that her hue band nan leave her so soon after her return from her horrible journay. Sheie beginning to feel already that the man she has loved so blindly, and perilled her soul to win, is not sunch a prize after all. For hours she sits thus, out to the heart, and feeling indeescribably lunely, tilla nse. vant comes with letters. They are letters which have followed them to London for the most part, and ar eoneequently a good deal behind date. Cassandra eeisee them with nervous haste and looks them over. Ono bears a foreign postmark. She holds it in her hand a minute, while her o'eeks whiten and her breath comes in gasps. Then she tears itopen and runs her eyes over the few lines it contains. " Oh, moray I" she gasps, her eyoe die. tended in terror, " she was to reach London yesterday, and may bhe in this house before the day closeae What shall I do?" For five minutes she stands there, the open letter in her rhand; then she crosses the room and tosses it into the fire. "I'll brave it," she mutters, with set teeth and glittering eyes. "It is too late to turn back I" She turns to the window and looks out, The lamps are just lighted, and flare in yal. low linea on each aide of the acrowded thoroughfaros, She watches the faces of the men and women as they corn and go, ith igerrlah eyes. Shqit, ..-leýrt to e ee awung tnem tlhe meek, palo face of the woman who islher rival. The twilight deepens into darkness, and my lady grows impatient and rings her bell. " lias Loard St. Aubyn returned t" she asks of the servant who enters, "No, my lady; he has not come in yet, and there is a gentleman in tha library waiting to see him," "What is his name?" she demands, fiercely. " 110 dcolines to give his name, my lady," the man replies. " Ho has been here twice before to-day whilst my lord was out, and now he insists on waiting till ha e comes in." Cassandra meditattes, a alight flush rising ltoher lace. "And refuses to give his name," she repeats. " What manner of person in he, James I" "''A tall, handsome manmylady, with the look of an ollia:r," A determined look eomen into my lady'a eyes. "I will aco this person myself," she says, The servant bows himself out, and my aldy csweop after him. At tie library door she pauses, with a banelhty. questioning elance. Tie visitor rises to his feet and bows pro roundly. "Do you wish to seeLord St. Aubyn 1" ebo questione. "'Yea nmy lady." Io the eailftgloom of the spacious roonm rie fails to rooognioo the man baileore her. Sir Il?dmond Carenw has elanged since theo ight when he savneed thi. fair woman's lifo fromn lthe bureinrg rulins ,f Mount Storm. "Whllat is your businaess withl Lord St. Aubyn? " she ilalueirce. " ily businaos with Lrd St. Aubyn In of a privatdo naltrer, eey lady, ned onenot bh e- pailned lto any other poenoun." " l ae lJrd St. Aubyn's wife. TIo baronet bowsk , with a alerioue smile on bis lyps. "Tlhatn does not alter t eaneo, u madamo," he neuceore, coolly. " But Lordl St. Aubyn in away I"h no eon. ti ues, auppcreeiep aer aiinag anger, " lnaill nit IeanH return." in bown agine, and resumoaes hIs seat, OCne. oandra stands and looks at him withl glowing eyes. WVihat ean b the nature of lhie buke. ones, ehn wonders, An awful terror takes away her breath, and her hnene tremble. Wlhat hall she do to avert thin impending danger? "Inaven your brolhpt none for my hue. band ?" bshe ventures to ask, in a faltering voice. The light of the low.burning chandelier falls upon her face, and Oarew sees that it is hoastly white, lie look at her witll keen, sueieieous eyes, but his anower is cool and quiet. "Very strange news, but only for hin lordueip'e eare." he otairly gnashes her teeth in her terror nd agony. "Tell me," she cries, flying at him in a fury, and seizing his arm, "speak out this initant, or I will ring the bell, and have you expelled from the house 1' Sir Redmond coolly removes her hard from his arm. "It in quite evident, my lady," he replies, "that what 1 am here to tell the Marquisa St. Anbyn in ns secret to you. You would have done better to bavo told him yourself weeks ago." " What do you mean ?" she cries, her rago rising beyond all control. " You shall not tell himt; I'll have your life first I" She puts her hand to her bosom, and, swift as thought, sha draws forth a elender jewelled dagger. She has worn it day and night for the last week,for what purpose sho dare not con. fean to her own soul. Mad with terror at the certainty that this man had come to make known to St. Aubyn the eooret of hin wife's resnoue from the burned steamer, and frantio to avert the danger and shame that threaten her, she darts upon Carew in .n frenzy of rage, and aims a deadly blow at his breast. But the onaptain's trined eye divines her purpose, and hin swilt hand grasps her arm before the shining little weapon descends. " Tale core, my lady," he eays, quietly; " you are in danger of harming yourself, not me. I mount lavo this." Ioe twists the dagger out of her white hand, and holds it behind him. She stands at bay, lile some wild, hunted animal. There comes a ring at the front entrance, and a moment nlatern step in the hall with out. She knows that St. Aubyn has come, and the fierce anger in her eyes gives place to a look of unutterable anguish. She falls at the soldier's feet and lBasps his knees. " Oh, for moery sake, pity mol" she im. plores. " Keep tilhe seret from St. Aubyn. It will do her no good now to tell St. Aubyn that she lives, and it will kill me. Have mercy on me !" Si! Redmond Carew pities her, as she grovels in abject terror at his feet, but bis stern face never relaxes from its settled pur. pose. "I shall do my duty," he anawers, reso. luitely. "I hall tell Lord SI, Aubyn that hie wife lives." There is a step outside the door. A faint cry breaks from Coaseadra's lips, and abe starts up and flieo from the room through a aide entrance just as the library door opens and St. Aubyn enters. "Well, air," he says, nodding at Carew, who rises, "what's your name and what's your buninese? I beg that you will make both as short asn possikle, for my dinner is Vwaiting." Ho wheels a chair before the grate, sits down, and elevates his boots upon the polished tender. Sir Iedmond Carow stands and looks down upon him, with a tinge of red in his swart oheeks, and an ominonus glow in his eyes. lis fingere work restlessly, as it he longs to eeize upon the easy.gaing nobleman and throttle him. But he controls himselt by a great effort and answers: " I will not keep you away from your dinner long, my Lord St. Aubyn ; but I doubt whether you will have an appetite for it when you have beoard the news l am here to tell you." Something in the speaker's voice and manner arrests St. Aubyn's attention. Ho springo to his feet and looks at him closely. " By Jove Iol"h ejaculatea, "it is Sir Red. mond Carow I How are yon ? Didn't know you, I aeeuro you, 'pon my honor." Careaw does not seat himsell, but etands, tall, dark and dotermined. "Lord St. Aubyn," he begins, in olear, measured tones, " I have been here twice be. fore to-day and failed to see you, I bring you strangn news, my lord-though, upon my life, I can't understand why you had not hboard it long ago." St. Aubyn grows palo and moves uneasily. Ilo in thinking of Aherdudno Lodge, and the horriblo secret shut up there. Can this ecowling Indian oflicer know aught of that " Well, why don't you speak out?" he ears. impatiently. " What have you to say, Sir Redmond 1?" "I have just reached England, after a long voyage, and have brought with me one ol the reocued passengers of the Baltic. Has your lordship an idea who this pan. songer ia?" St. Aubyn stares at him stupidly. " Why, no--of otira I have not," he re. sponds. " I was not even aware that a single paosenger woo aaved." "You tools but little trouble to learn, my lord, it seems," continues Sir Redmond, severely. "It is a mystery that none of the letters, eant to inform you of the fact that your wife, Lady St. Aubyn, was one of thoso reeeued paseaora., should hatveueanlled ngyp Or did thIl ranoh you,. my. ord And 0_ . ,.. eo fit to ignore and diboeliev?bthe tidiogs, in your indecent hasto to contract a second marriago ?" All this bitter sareasm is loot upon St. Aubyn. He has oaught only two words, "your wile," and he stands staringly blankly at the indignant soldier. The baronet waits a second, but as his lordship makoes no reply, he speaks a'" Prhaps you do not care to hear the truth now, my lord," he saye, " but I must foroe it upon you. Isam here to tell you that your wife lives, is now in London, and in ignorant of your reoont marriage." " Good heavens I What is it you say? My wile alive, and in Ln lon I You don't mean "Yea, my lord-I moan the Mlarohlonaee ot St. Aubyn." The baronet's soul is in a stormy tumult, but ho hokeeops his fan and voice oalm and cool. " BesIal Boas alive I" repeats St. Aubyn, while a great flash of joy lights up his face. "Poor little Boeo I Wlhre ia she? Let me no to her thin instant. Wherois aile, oarow? For moray's eIano, lt usn be quick I" Sir ft!dmonid moetol him with his calm, cool emile. " I am at your service, my lord," he re. pllle, " We will go at onoo. But I must remind you that your wife only renohed lEngland to day, and known nothinin of your lato marriage willa Lady Casanndra Louder." The ultterancea ol Claanalldra'a name recalls St. Aubyg to Ilis soseso. Ie puts his handd to Ilia head, and itaggere boack gainot tile wall like a man wleo laa beon sallot. A tint ory iasos from an ndjoining room; theo aide door openn, abhl C?sandra glildes in. She goeea stragllt to St. Aubyn'u side, and twineas ie arms abouit him. SOh, mily love, my husband,"llo murmuro, with her lips close to hi lace, " lot us go, and never returia t Enlaind ngain I Conme while there is timoe, llly love. Sie ca Ilavo her ahill, iny dearest hIusband I"' II ' browo bar from miem almont rudely. I I ,t 1 will sco hier 1" Ihe atriea, with lierea vhuomonece. " She it nly wife-not yon. You knuow sho wan alive, nad you have kept it from me, aid lired mo into mnerrying you, Out of my aightl I I never want to eno you again." She sltands arouching before him, every orunol, usmanly word etriking her like a dagger.thrust. At his last ommand hab sroops aurorn the room, aad out at the open door, St. Aubyn natcho up k liis hat, and rushes towards the street. Sir Redmond Carew follows him. In siloune, through the windy darkness, they make their way to irt. Markham's residence. Carew puts out his hand to ring the hell. I "lopt" shoute St. Aubyn, in a hoanse volci'. "I cannot sea her I I cannot facU this disgraceol I shall leave England, and let them fight it out an they can." Anrl before the astoninhed soldier can utter a wotl, his lordship in gone. HIe calls a nab, and through the streets he drives towards the Victoria railway station, where he finds a train is just going out. He takes a ticket, and steams away, leaving London, with all its twinkling lights, far behind. A cougle of hours later sees him on beard the mail etanmer bound for France, flying, like the eelfiel coward he is, from the wrong and shame behind him. The dawn creeps through the closed slut. tore into Cassandra's silent chamber. There she lies, in her lace and jewels, this proud daughter of an earl, prone upon her face, her white hands elenched, her eyce white and glassy, her face cold and soet in death. On the table near by stands a tiny phial, in which a few drops of a pungent, colorlets liquid yet remain. And thus, when the day grows and the home is astir, they find her dead-dead by her own hand I" CHAPTER XXXIV. JOnIe's ADnvEYnBTU . Captain Sir Redmond oarew stands uona the stops, his hand on the bell.knob., liow oan ho go in and face poorBess, waiting ca(' hungering for a sight of her husb;and? How sheall he break the terrible new, toc her? It is the hardest trial of all the brave soldier's life, but ha known it must be dne, He rings the bell with a dull ache at his heart. The door opens instantly, and behind thi, servant who admits him he sees Basee her. sell, her wan little faoe all aglow with cz. peetant joy. She rushee forward and cathlies his hand. "Oh, Rldmond, where is my hnubandl and where is my ehild I" He takes her hand and leads her back into the drawing- room. t Sit down, Bees," he says, tenderly, "and when you are calm I have something to tell you." A sudden terror leaps into her eyes, and her lips begin to quiver. "What i iit?" sho falters. "What has happened ? Who is dead 1 My child ?" Sir Redmond site beside her and takes beta her hands in his. "Look at me, Bose," he says, "and see what a brave, strong little woman you can be. No one is dead. Your child is aliveand so in Lord St. Aubyn." She draws a long breath of relief and looks up at him with the old smile returning to her solt eyes. "Thank Heaven," she murmurs. ",If they are both alive nothing very dreadful oan have happened. What is it, Redmond? Is Lord St. Aubyn absent from England? He must be, or he would have come to me. You have sent for him, of course, and he will soon be here I Tell me all about it, plehee." The captain loobe at her in inflnite'pity. How can be tell lier Ilo starts to his feet, and thoughtfully paces up and down the room. Boess watches him cwith a nameless fear creeping to her Itcn. Sh bnrices and follows him, r.d l cides her little hand into his. "Rodmand, dear lriend," she whispers, "esomelthing teeiole has haoppened; I see it in your free. .t'l a me; ? anything is better than thine ?;reprne." IHe whee-i nndnrd a c incc ier. - "Beaes," hie relie e uddenly, "Lord St. Aubyn i- matrie- again." She Inl? at i im in i' dull, unoompre hending ray. "Malried I" nie repeats. e"Why, Red mend, wllat eau yn, mean I" " He tllolmu,; yn owere iead, Bess," con tinues ihe cejptrls, desperotely, "and hehas manrriut dly Onvsnndra Lauder." " i.rried I MIy uby"': father married I" Her chitening lip- Irnmmc the words, but give lorth nov ronIrl. The color drifts slowly from row .eul aoeek, and she drops likp a blighl .: lily at the soldier's feet. He tops ando raines her in his arms just as Mrs. Markham enters. There she is," he says, as he lays Bess on the sofa. " I have told her and it has killed her. That villain shall answer for her murder. I'll go and find him now." He is striding from the room with a do. termined face, but his old friend follows him. " Stop, Redmond Carew," she says; " re. main where you are. If Lord St. Aubyn chooses to marry a now wife every week, you are not scalled upon to interfere. The law will look to him. Stay where you are, and help the poor girl; she is merely in a faint." He returns in sullen silenco, and they set about reviving poor Boss. The taseek is a hard one. She lies for hours in a deathlike swoon, and it is not until aftar a surgeon has been called in that they succeed in re. stormg any veigns nor anmmstrlon. At last the hectic red flutters back to her thin cheeks, and her eyes open with a frightened stare. "-Marriedl lMy baby's father married I" she repeats in a loepping whisper. irs. eIarnkhm bends over her, stroking her hair, and saying gently: " There, poor dear, you mustn't take it ean to heart. He believed you were dead, you know." " Yes, but how could they forgot me ?: soon I" These words quiver from her white lips inn gasping sobs and he in convulsed with bitter weeping. Sir Redmond Carew lookl or; in fierce indignation. "Don't cry so, Bess," he says at ltnet : "that maen is not worth it, You eshoull: ,, glad to be rid of him, the villain I" Bnre looks up with wet, startled eyes. "No, Redmond," sile interposes, hurriedly, " I will not hear you condemn him. Icr, St. Aubyn is not to blame. How shoclid he know that I would come back from the denc I He lhad a right to marry Lady Cae?aneh:?. You know, Redmond, they loved oeael ,ther long before the marquis mat me," ire. Markham regards her with ueei- ns d amazement. " hBt, mypoor dear," she says, " hrl1 St. Aubyn will have to take you back, ti sour., when holearna that you are alive." But Bess shakns her head sadly. " In nhall never come between them again," seo says. "]uit Imslet hlave my child." "Yaou shall hlave him, BoeS, I promise you." " Bulint did Lord St. Aonhyn say so? Did you sea hinm, tRedmond I Yaou have not told me yet. IDoes he I;now thatl till liven" "Yes, he knowe it, DBes," "ledmond," she asks, in a low voice, " what did hIe say? Did he seem glad or sorry I' Tne captain shuts his teeth hard; his naony thrlough all this trying secone in greater than anything the forsalkeno wife feels. "I think he was glad, lines," he nnewear trutllully, "whelon I firet told him. tIe looked glad, I thought. Ilut it placoes himl il a bad plositil, you see. I--I think Ihe will Ionca Ilnlnnd." IHer lips quiver again, but she danshles the tears from her eyes, "Yes, ol courso, he will leoave Englnad, and takel Cassio with him. [ ean exneot nothinlg else--though he did love me, Rad. moend, IIo used to pet mo so, and onalmo 'little motheor.' I wish I eould see him and tell him how I tool, I don't blame him, and I huope h wil be very tappy- lit and Ludy COeeandro. I shall never lift my finger to do them harm; but I must have my child." "Yes, you ohalt have your child, Bose." On this name February afternoon the late train which entered the esmll town nearest to Aberdudoo Lodge put down a solitary patcenger-n little maiden, closely wrapped nld hooded, and carrying a small valise in her hand. She stands al instant on the wet comfort. lees platform, looking with keen bright eye ; then, thee, goahering her wind-toosed cloak mnoro elyoel, she makes her way into the heart of the drearylittle town. A publice.house with the imago of the brazen lion on its swaying sign attraots her notice, and abie walks triskly un the weather-bcaton steps aod in at the open door. " Well, mieeie," says the landlord, strug. sling briskly to his dumpy legs, " what can I do fur ;no ?" " I ',ili to kinow in what direction I can find Abidaudcl c L:dge," replies the little maid, peoahing in! broken English. " Aberdndl o Lodge I" he repeats, emerg. ing fron ibehind his bar. " Well, my pretty mises, i you'll ju.t step out I'll show you the old place. You can see it plainly enough. And a rehlcpor old ghost nest it is." .He nmakes his way to tihe door and Joeie fcruti ictl -fdollow him. I'hiEt' the plae, my dear," he says, pefiitirl orae on ibby finger towards a huge black pile dn tbl summit of a sea-washed cliff. "osl looks at1the grim old structure with brihl and lenrldes oyes. . "'::ow, c?n iu get me a carriage .o drive up tere?'" :co akshe presently. 'l4helande r c iexpreeace his astonishment S'Iy, o ei,tidoee it mean c?"ho ayu-"e o ir, pl''ettytfaced womon-folks going up :hiro., wLt does it mean ?-that's what I went to kntoiv. It was only two days ago thclt slct!-r lass was hero after a con S '.ir>: t,; :' Aberdudno. I sent her up ,::d th.t , the last of it; ebhodid not come boik. "fl '. a luebenrd lives up there in thecco te ti arrete. Who known? No, in. deed,my dear, lean't think of such a thing as sending you to that old ghost.trap at this hour; you can stay here at the Golden Lion tonight if you like, and I may manage itin the morning." fIo puts out his fat hand to pat the girl's shoulder. She drawn back with flashing eyes, and almost falls into the arms of a young gentlemen who has just come up the steps. "Why, Dobbs, my good fellow, what's this?" demands the now-comer, before Josie recovers her breath enfliolently to speak, The dumpy landlord turns round in evident consternation. SA,, it's you, Sir Arthur, is it 1" he cries, in an apologetic voice. "Had no thought of seeing you back eo soon. Glad to see you, though, Sir Arthur. There's a good fire in the parlor. Come in, sir, ploase." Mr. Dobbs ignores the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, and directs his attention solely to Sir Arthur, as he has been called; but Sir Arthur Ilimself looke towards her with odmirnigglanoes. "1 beg your pardon," he ventures to say, after some hesitation "but if I can be of any service to you, it will give me pleasure." Jouie gives Sir Arthur one swift, sharp look, and sheo ees at a glance that thlo mar before her is a gentleman. She make, r. quaint urtesy, lthat strikes tile young -.o?' as being grace itself. SI thankl you, monsieur," she repuli:e. "i I stopped hero to make inquiriee about Ab-r. duino Lodge. I would be :'!ed if I could get a carriage to take meto tir, pleee. Thet'nit, I believe, on the cliff ti::ro '" r The landlord nui!.c.s an nitenpt to speak, but elho silcnr.t tHim with a glnceo of her blazing oy; :: i i A-rthOr inwar.dly thinking I! a ;t oonvcr acw eo'ob eyes before, makhr:'?.?ce c: "That is ",berdudno Lodgo, and a dreary old pl'ea ii is. Stealy you hare no thought Of Koih' :ire to-niglht ?" Jou;, !l:eii:,i a mni ntre, giancing out into the mii,' :lcn. "I dile hinlk -! it." she answered, half to herself ano i,ill to nitr Arthur. "My deask ,ung lady," says the gentle man,earnestly, " let me persuade you to give over such a purpose. You lave no idea what a steep, elippery road it is, or what a ighostly oldpile the lodge is when you arrivo there. I was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is falling into ruins, and is quite deserted. It seems a pity, for it is a grand old structure, dating back to the days of the r Normans. I wonder at Lord St. Aubyn's neglect." rIt is quite deserted, you say?" repeats ( Quito. Left to the meroy of the bate and owls, and thile ghosts, so the country folk about here have it." " Not for each a long time, though, Sir Arthur," puts in the landlord. "An old ° man lived there until-let's see--Monday ' yes, it was Monday the lady got hero, and she took him away." "Indeed I" responds Sir Arthur. "I was not aware the old place had been inhabited a for years." "Yes, Sir Arthur," continoues Mr. Dobbs, I eagerly, "the old man has lived here for years-one of Lord St. Aubhy's servants, I ttciiic. T' lna co iasp ..n..t tCno ctla.b ho r wno-mum as a mouse. He came down a once in a while for wine; but the lady came, and I sent her up there and she didn't come to!r.t ',. sent word by the lad as she mean tr i; ?'t night, and take the old nt ~ ,, ,,?,-i :i b next morning. He being g ir f;t: r, ct u onio she did, Sir Arthur, . is '?i(: ', : ' i.'ql:led eyes on the old 'un A· d yne ho e never heard of any other ?cr:iue ii -icc:c;- at tholodge 1" asks Josic, her eves ii of feverisle interest. 'Xev .., :,c l,mius," ho replies, oheerfully "'eul "ilhen Tl,\ St. Aubyn uame once with hiie :icl i,'fr, anl that was years ago." .Ioi ioith .: up her aloal, and looks "dubii,,u'l out iito the gloomy afternoon. " If y.u 1:", ea great desire to see the old pieci,"' ' iet Sir Arthur, politely, "and akuldi l1ik4 1t go up to.morrow, my dogcart i, bece, an R :cy man is at your sCrvier." h'b?ak , lu, sir," repliec Jonio, atter a niu-c ', aught, "bat nelne I find the pleo ,'!?id, I may change my mind. I will neo put you to further trouble. Good. r . ' lShe tricp away, and the two men look d alcr ther with admiring eyes. " ih,, ?i?o't belong to these part," remarks the, lInid!ord. He :\Arthur saye nothing, but his face be. Itrayh'iii curiosity and interest. lTe stands irresihl?e an instant, and then strides down the step.. "You are not going, Sir Arthur?"ques a tion Dobbs. "Yes," responds the baronet. "I'll be d baokin an hour. Keep my dinner hot." d lie walks rapidly naway. in the same direo. Lion in whibch Joaein has jst disappecnrced--a eironmstance which elieto a shrewd winlt and I, shrug of the bhonlders from tho landlord, as ho mnakeshis way backa to the inn, lMeanwhile Sir Arthur pursues his walkt , a and in a very few minuites comen in nlght of Joasio. Sho is in tie main street which runs SthroughI the town, and which commands a fine view of the headlands andl of Abordudno ' Lodge, : Bhe walks on briskly for some time, and SSir Arthuir olloe,, keeping lher in sight, to "Now, l locld likel to enow," he thinks, "who she is, and whalt otho wants at nudh a to plae as Abherdudnol" He elaoktens his peeo, for Joelo has paused Sin hlier brisk walk and stande Irreesolutei, with 1t her eyes ixod upon tile old lodge. For thu .space of a moment rho lingers, tlen Atrlkeo cc boldly out into the sandy ntiff road winding Ii upwards to the lodge on the summit of the id olff,--(7Pir rolesti'lauv.) 1.44 