LITEBAEY NOTES. , JTarjKrn Magazine for July, provides for he reader ah abundkntsUppIy^^terestin;? matter.; In fiction there is a instal ment of 3to;George'X)ii Manner's ^'f'eter Ibbetson,"andthe first'*n4rtofa novel by Mr. W-; p:; Howells, entai|a 1'An Impera tive Dutv."g;K>cb t^wawjoi^Sfcacell. TbeBftJs. als^ a.veiy bambroaa and well- told short story by Or. Thomas A. Janvier, " The Kpi sod<i of the Marques de VaMeflores." Mr. Rrander Matthews tliscussPfl, under the head " UriUoisiai" And Americanisms," those various forms of speech thai .ate reculiai to one or other of tlie two main branches of the Anglo-Saxon race. . He begins by a reference to the Australi&msms; whkh he tellB us are invading the English language, Apropos of certain unfsnulia?'words and phrases that areto be fonnd in > reont novel of Aus tralian life! Ataoog theselhe mentions " wal laby," billy of tea," "fig»f tobacco," " n< chum,", "asrub," "swjg," "to yarn, "black tracfcw," and he lays-" Who shall explain the meaning o( 'damper' and ' duajE^yr ^ood-^e* and * bindieoot' ? Aba viwHiave 'Bcrub' and 'billy,' ' grab* and 'fig* taken on new meanings, as though they,Jiadsuffered n sea change in the long voy≥ aronndthe Cape or through tbe Canalof theecaropkigiven, it m^^ewafl^Bie nafoei of thiu*tthat are peCBU% j° AwithdUt frhUe others are the local liMBes ofobjecbr sfdl known also in otfee* ooamtriealil Many of the men £oi)»d as Britidjms and AmeticanlniM *re jjooo instances >f the in dependent growth of the English laiguage in differentcommunities. Such, for example, we "goodstrain" and "freigh; train," "lift" and "«levrtn)jL" *'ajricultural labourer" and "farm brad," " timed meat" and "canaed me$j^ "autumn" ani " fall." '. milwav^ and »Xn sone cases tiwcKoi of expieMge&Fia; sound objecnon can the use of either other lu»4t.ltagl! against m as " to|ne$ n|jjg§d a word as Ameri&n; form bCBt, but no be rased to form. )o the ill xigidlj. protest ' It webaphwe people' wjEg specialr British forms of speech. The one is sini]iy slang, * Imperii Gemwrny: Study o K»ct and Character. B/ Bidiley p^»u. Willum Home o»ed, no doubt, by fashionable people, but do better for that, while the other is one of these recent coinages that have not yet gained, and probably never will gain, per manent admission into the English language. Colonel Dodge continues his series of papers on Home American Riders,'', the present article dealing chieily with that well-known ' pereonage, the " cowbo?,". Mr. Theodore Child has an interesting paper on the little known republic of Paraguay, which, having ! been almost depopulated daring the war with Brazil and the Argentine Republic, now only awaits tlie introduction of foreign ' capital and immigrants to become one of toe most flourishing countries in South America. Mr. Quiller Conch concludes his description , of a tour on "The Warwickshire Avon," which is admirably illustrated by Mr. Alfred - Parsons. Mr. G. W. Curtis contributes a eulogistic notice of the veteran poet and humourist, Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, whose ortrait forms the frontispiece to the nura er; and Mr. Walter Heaant continues his readable account of ''London-Saxon and Norman," and of the life and manners of its I citizens in the olden days. From Life, by Wybert Reeve (Geo. Robert son and Co.), is a selection chiefly of papers that have already appeared in the columns 6i The Australasian. The writer has had a wide aud varied experience, has travelled in many countries, and has known many per sons ot note in the theatrical and literary ' worlds, including Charles Mathews arid Wilkie Collins. 'The volume contains in teresting reminiscences of eminent actors, most of whom have visited these colonies, and capita] descriptions of old English inns, adventures in search of lodgings, ghost stories, and other phases of life and travel. ' One could scarcely have abetter "railway companion," or book for an idle hour, than 1 this collection of Mr. Wybert Reeve's ' papers. THE Itevkw of Reviews for June (Mel bourne: Robt. A. Thompson and Co.) has for a frontispiece the portrait of Baron Hirsch, who has become known, first, through his having been taken up by the Prince of Wales, and secondly, by his mea sures for the relief of the Jews whom the Czar is driving out of Russia. There is nothing striking in the appearance of Baron Hirsch, except perhaps his moustache, which is large , and heavy, as Americans think it ehould be I worn. He has an oval face, his features are not unpleasing, he affects a eane{ and he wean good clothes. The character sketch of the month is bestowed upon Madame Blavatsky, lately dead, an nd [ venturess who figured before a select circle I of admirers in London and America as the exponent of a religion picked up in tire East The biography is written by a disciple, who makes her out to be a great and good woman, which she Vas not- However, there are theosophists who take pleasure in reading about such heroines. Laurence Oliphant bowled the.lady out in a fib about her jour neyings in Ceylon, which, there - was reason to believe from her misdescription of it, she had never visited. A long summary i& given of the Pope's encyclical on the condition of labour, with a portrait of Monsignor Jacobini, secretary of the propaganda. His Holiness's. own portrait, with bio-! graphy, appeared in a preceding number. There are numerous pictures, portraits, and reproductions of comic cartoons in the cur rent issue, and the usual ( nummary of the reviews and- magazines of tiic month/ Tlie "denunciation of St. Elisabeth" figures among the * illustrations. It is a picture over which there has been much controversy, the saint being represented in a kneeling posture without clothes, in the presence of Master Conrad of Marbury (celebrated for his persecution ot heretics), and two devout nuns. On the next pagfe is the portrait of Professor Huxley, who wrote a scathing letter apropos of Conrad, and "hia* high virtues." > THE Spectator quotes the following '' savage epigram," which it attributes to "a Minis terial wit":-"In England you must not gamble; or, if >ou do, you must cheat. Then you will have public sympathy.". THE Athenmun says that Mr. Herbert Spencer's new work, entitled "Justice," is nearly, through the press. It forms the fourth' division of his " Principles. of Ethics." THE iucome from the sale of Victor Hugo's works for the past five years has amounted -to nearly £00,000. This sum does not in clodethe Guillaume edition of "Notre Dame" orthe ''jCEuvres Inedites." TSfc.*folfywihg. letter from Thackeray is published ia tlie Aihetuttwi. The date is May 1,1862;-"Madam,-I don't know where the packet lias been delayed, but I have only this moment found your note, dated February 27, enfeio&ng; the most- welcome autograph of Bishop Heber, which rregard with the very greatest interest and affection. He is one of the (literacy) friends of my youth, when one.' better than in later days. I: used to read and recall my native country. 1 was born,J and my father and many of his brothers died, in India: and please God that som^ of them haw left a name which is remembered affectionate!* there still." Continents and Oceans, by W. E. Stopford, (Melbourne: George Robertson and Co.), is a fanciful, or, as we might say, eccentric attempt to fix some of the facts of geography in tlie memory of the pupil by the agency of verse. Here is a specimen: " And the chief Australasian mountains Are the Mount Koeriusko and Cook snowy Cook New South Wales and New Zealand's South Island They wlorn and tor miles overlook Thirteen thousand feet high Mount Cook rises She aspires to heaven's blue vault heaven's vault And the t r. o largest lakes in Australia The Lake Ejt* and l^atoTorrens are salt." This is the first tame we have heard, on scholastic authority, that mountains are of the feminine gender. Hitherto it has been customary to consider them either masculine or neuter. If geography is to be taught by rhyme the vereetnakershould keep to one idea at a time. With two mountains and two lakes in the same line6 the youthful pupil la sure to be confused. Away from the map lie will always be in doubt as to whether "Mount Kosciusko and Cook" are Siamese twins (to be found together in two plaoteV or separate peaks. And all the pupil ] is told in these ten unpoetical lines is that "Mount KowciuRko and Codk* are 'the two highest mountains In AostmVttiit (one of them being "about" 18,300ft highV' and that Eyre and Torrens are the two largest, lake*, both salt. The heavy effort of learning i ten woh lines ought to carry with it^cresfcr reward. Our own idea is that Keogngthy i|! best remembered from maps and cuagranu. Ill - part II. some facts of history are feooghttobe fixed in the memory by like dogg^telmne. We should be very aeny for any ohHdrefi obliged tol«ai*> K*>gi^r<*hi«l6tyii<^ihig 1 |>ocfcry of Mr. Stopford. w 