IMoveUst INOW 'MUST I'VIIKTSIIED.] Tie YerdicTfas-? A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND hi i ?Ji\l IIhvoUI M. Mackenzie, . Author of 'The Squatter's Daughter.' CHAPTER XVIII.— (CoxTixuEn.) ' A.a the crow flies wo arc about a milo from Itippoo, but by tho road about half amileinoro. How tho horso and rider camo to the crook behind hb is a mystery, for liy daylight Iho track's hard otiough to follow. In any case, there tho matter stands ; (hey got right there.' 'Tho aorsroant stood deon in thought for a few minutes, royolving in his mind this extraordinary circumstance which like many other matters of a like character puzzled him considerably. . ' Well, wo'd better retrace our st'ops, Tullooh, and .jnako a minute oxnmina tion of the track 'no'vo just loft.' Tho troopers onco more turned in. tho direction fi om whenco they camo, picking their way carefully over tho treacherous ground u'liich from long neglect of \- traffic had become thickly overgrown with a perfect bower of prickly oreopers and other noxious plants. Tho sergeant had had much oxperionco in cases of a mysterious nature, requiring all tho acumon of a mind trained to tho business, yet hero was ouo which alto gbthor seemed without tho natural data ' to go upqn.' 'I' cannot dispel tho idoa from my mind, Tulloch, that Liecombo was carried to that tree where the Chinamen found him ; fur it Boem3 to ma almoBt a moral impossibility that his horso could have brought him to tho place tvhoro we are now.' _ ' In which case, I may preaurao, you give no credonco to (he accident thoory, think'ng possibly it may havo boon a case of suicide.' \- ? !' Moro likely ono of murder,' rejoined Popham, logaidini; Tullooh with a look of determination iu his face. 'Then wlmt has become of tho horso? Suiely some signs would havo shown themselves btforo this. A horso is a more inconvenient articlo to dispose of ^ than a man.' ' Yes,' that's true enough, mora especi ally a well- bred quad, like ho rodo. That kind of horso would bo noticed anywhoro in tho colony and suspicion would natu rally rest with Iho present owner. No ; I must confess that if it has been a case of foul play tho perpetrator has mado a very complete job of it. Tho idoa of making it look liko an accident has beon very successful. There lias been no attompt to conceal anything and from what you've told ma tho position of tho body looked aa if the head had eomo in violent, contact with tho treo. Is that not so t' Tulloch nodded assent, though ho was very careful not to launch out into a dis cussion in which ho know that his follow ollicer, from tho way ho hnd of putting questions, might make him contradict himself. Tullooh was young in years compared to Popham, and with the natural im petuosity of youth too rendy to form hasty conclusions. Latterly, however, under such nn ex porionceti hand as Pophnm lie wa3 learn ing to kocp a caicful guard on hio tongas , which above all things wna most nocGssivry in the^areer lie had chosen. They hnd arrived at the summit of tha doclino which led steeply to tho bank of the crook, delaying for a timo to make a ciiroful mnvi'Y of tho placo. ' No impiints of hoofti «onld show on I liis Kiouml,'rem«tl-ed Popham, looking down nl Clio uitorsvoven mass of under flow Ih. , ' Jf there's boon a struggle of any kind , Htcio would bo no ohanco of scoing whore it ocouncd. The horso may or may \- ''/lot have ome mi far as this. What do you think?' ' Tullooh thought beforo speaking then 5 -, offered a suggestion. f? 'Tho horse mpy hnvo tnkon fright, trod iu a holo or something else, pitchod . Iiii ridor whoro tho Chinamen found him ; '- » and, unable to slop himsolf, floundorcd .into tho Btroam and been soized by alli gators.' \- 'Good enough for a throe volume liovol,' replied Popham, laughingly, ? ' ' JuBt measuro tho track where wo aro n.TA , for wo must bo ready to answer all questions at tho inquest.' ' The- viiui.g ttooper took tho incasuro, ' v B'V''R Puphiun ono ond of it whilst ho gpiniicil iho glado with tho tapo-lino. \ \ , ,. '' Wh.it do you malto it?' , ' ', ' Exactly two yards and \\\ quarter.' 'Well, that doesn't sound much any . ~ how.' Tiillooh then wound the lino in und ro . pi tci d it in his pockot. 'It's a cursed awkward plnco this to y , _ Slid uny thing, oven supposing thoro was a ciuo kicking about.' V-'j'iio ton i and rank grassos grow in rintous pnifusi.!!) owing to ths roof of v- ' biwiclioa which sholtored them from tho ThrnrilllS BUIllM}'**. Tho ground ?- hiuh nourished then wai i-iinl mid u:n'ft t-i llu- touch e.v- n when I lliusuu was Hi;imctl. I Tim i:uuiy piping birds loved this Etc'.uduil home, thirling in 'and out tho olivo mid cincruM fuliago with plumage as giy and dazzling as had all tho colors of a silk factory been scattered through tho forest. It'Was a world of bright sunshine with out, and those corners within whoro tho light stolt, not aoenied almost black by comparison. 'Thero's nothing moro to bo dono hore, I fancy, and to spoulc tho truth I am considerably disappointed ; wo'Jl got back to tho bout.' The sergeant thencu moved on in the direction indicated, but had not pro ceeded far when his oye was suddenly attracted by an object glittering in the sunshine not many foot from where ho stood. 'Ilulloa ! Wo're on something at last ' — stooping to pick it up — ' a littlo moro nnd I should hnvo passed you alto gether, my friend,' addressing a hanrt somoly chased ailvor liunting- dask which ho oxnminod closoly. ' I declare, thcro'B a small drop of mountain dow still in it!' Ho poured tho contonts into a cup at Inched. ' We'll have a drink on it, anyway, and good luck to ua.' Ho handed Tulloch a portion of tho spirit which he put to his lips. ' Good gracious ! man, what's the matter?' seeing tlmt Tulloch pulled a wry face and spat the contents on the ground. 'Matter? only this, that if I drank enough of it, it would kill me straight oft', I haven't lived all these years not to know tho -taste of drugged liquor.' Sergeant Popham at this remark applied his nostrils* to the stoppor, which immediately convinced him that all was was not right.' 'Ah! ha! poison in tho cup, eh V This looks uncommon queer, to say tho least 'of it. A lucky thing we've got some left for analysis. A stranger thing Btill,' ho continued, ' tho initials on graved on tlmarticle resotiiblo very much ' S.P.' What is your opinion 1' Tulloch took tlio Hank and examined tho letters in question, which left no room fiir doubt in his mind tti.it they were as stated. As ho handed it back a knowing look overspread his fentujes, which the ser geant was not slow in roiiding. ' This can bo tho property of no less a person .than our worthy young lord yonder,' remarked Popham. ' Yes, that belongs to or did belong to Sybil Vrescnlt, and as far as I know ho wasn't in tlio habit of making expensive pres6iitB to Liscombo.' Tho sorgoant laughed to himsoif. ' Neither expousive nor inexpensive. Tho only sort of present Liiscnmbo might, havo received- would havo been a black eyo. I daresay ho got that.' The sergeant was now beginning to bo more interested Binco thn unoArlhing of this important link in the chain of ovi denco which might lend to other and more important results.' ' There'll h-ive to bo an exhumation of the remains in order to see if there aro any traces of poisoning in tho stomach,' said Popham. ' That'll bo another job for Brook, and not a ploasant one either. No ono guessed of such a thing as poison ing or attompted poisoning. This case promises some rather interesting foa tures, and looks vory black against Prcs cott. He'll hnvo to givu a clear account of how Liscombo en mo to bo in possession of this flnsk full of drugged whisky. Of course, circumstances may have occurred by which LiBcombo was the rightful ownor of tho article but as we havo said before it is not likely that Prescotfc irnde him a present of it.' ' He might havo dono bo,' re markod Tulloch, ' whon it contained poison.' ' 'That, my friond, wo'll prove, or I'm a Dutchman. A man who's drugged might certainly have au inclination to dash hiB brains out against a tree, and whether Maurico Liacombo's death has beon that of his own doing or the work of another this vile compound is indirectly the causo.' ' Even tho drop which I swallowed has mado mo feel quite quoer,' suid Tul loch. ' Queensland liquor's got a bad name, but I'm lmnged if you can beat that by much.' Tho young oflicer cast a look of disgust at the llask and a tremor went through his body. ' And now, lad, wo'll gelhome as soon as we can,' said Popham, carefully secret ing the flash about his person. They had reached the memorable treo where the Chinese had mado their dis covery in order to make a thorough ex amination of this giant of tho forest. Tho Celestials woro lying fast asleep in tho bottom of tho craft, dreaming per chance of thoir onrlj' return to the Flowery Land, rich in this world's goods. ' Hi thoro 1 you lazy dogs ; wuko up. We do all the. work while you sloop and droam.' In au instant tho grinning, sleepy looking creatures hnd sprung to their oars and woro -unco moro ready for tho return journey. 'Our day, after all, haa been success ful,' said Tulloch, is they were sculled down tho aUcivt igarapo and once nioro emerged on to the Iiroad, fust-flowing river, all goldin'l lined in the led light of a salting sun. , 'Not a :«-ord, romombor,' said tho sergeant, when' the bo.it had reached Thoi ntou. I The public, Jiowover, was soon astir whon it learned cf the oflicoia' re turn, but gleaned not a word of what hnd tnkon place, j CHAPTER XIX. A MIDNIGHT VISITOH. Immediately on tho return of, tho pohco olhcm-a to Thornton Sergeant Pop ham lost no time in innking his way to tho residence of Pr. Hrook in order to hand over the llask nnd its contents. Tho smnll cottngo was situated about a qunrtor of a milo from tho police brfr racku on the Townsvtllo road, surrounded by a pretty garden which was the especial caro of Dr. ISrouk. 'Nothing likb oxevciso for the muscles ; and dinging is;, the best way to dovolop thorn,' ho would say whoa an ncqunint aneo pasted and saw him with shirt sleeves rolled t-- tho elbow. It was alnujst dark whon Sergeant Pophnm arrived :it the small wicket-Kate nnd found Dr.; Brook turning over the black soil. ! ' Ah, doctor ! Hard at it, as usual, I BOO.' I The jovial doctor immediately aalu'ed him with a hc.-.rty 'How lire- you, 'itcrgennt? Como in and make youijelf ar. home, ? Anything fresh on the wiug ?' t The. pulieo ollk-er did as ho was bid, and thuru being little daylight left tho doctor threw down his spado and tauulered on to tho veiandah with Pop hnm. ' This 13 an unexpected plcasuro, sor geant. In the first place, you look very dry, nnd I must confoss that my own throat rcsomblca a lime-kiln moro than uiivthing else, so lot ub luvo boiiio clarot and long sodas.' The invitation sounded cool and re freshing to the senses, more especially when, as everybody knew, Dr. Brook kept imported clnret and that good of its sort. ' I'll havo none of that confounded Colonial rubbish. It's nil very well pnoplo saying that you get to like it in timo, but for my part I never could. Too new and hendy, sir. Too new and heady.' And as the worthy man uttored thoao words ho lot down a canvas bag from tho rafters of the vorandah. 'Now I'll be bound you'll get no better wino tlmn this oithor in or out of tho colony.' Ho then proceeded to lift from tho cool water a bottle of choice clarot known as the GhMeau Jlarguux. Tho sergeant looked on, and would havo preferred whisky if lie hnd had his choice, but ho know that tho dsctor eschewed spiritB in the Queensland cli mate as he would'poison. 'Now for some soda-water and a cicar apiece, and wo'll hear what you've got to say, Popham.' The news which tho latter was about to impart to Dr. lirook was of bo private a character that ho turned instinctively round lest anyone might bo listening. 'We're perfectly safo from e.ivcs droppern, I hope ?' asked Popham. 'Yes, my dear sir; not a soul within ear-shot oxcopt my aged and niuch re8pectcd housekeeper, whoso ns denf as a poBt, poor thing.' The sorgoant then went into details of tho day's doings, which Dr. Brook fol lowed with /{rent interest, more especially whon tho circumstances in connection with the finding of Piescott's flask, were narrated. . ?? ; ? ' So that's tho article, is it V said tho doctor, examining tho beautifully-chased work and . smiling at the contents. 'I can't say what may be in itj but cer tainly it hasn't the bowpir.l of n. good genuine whisky.. However, in this'part of tho world that's nothing newv Woro all liquors unadulterated, we wight con grntulnto ourselvos that tho millennium had arrived. 'And,' put in Popham, 'loss work for tho doctors, ehi' ' Quite so ; our occupation in a mea- suro would be gona. Why, half tho hospitals nre kept open by tho sale of poisonous. liquors. 1'vo about haU-a-dpzon cases of delirium tremens in our own Bmall one here. I maintain that h»t as this climate is, if people only confined them selves to light wines or, bettor still, wholesome temperance drinks, thoy would be aB healthy in North Queensland ns in any other part of the world.', . Tho doctor after this took a long draught of tho clnrot-and-soda which stood in Iho socket of his cano- loungo, thinking it was well he- had included light wines iu the list of harmless bovoragos. ??' Unt this i'b .straying from the ques tion. You require mo to ninko acarefiil analysis of the liquor and : should any traces of n noxious cliarncter be found, to produce a written statement and hand it over.' .. ' .... ?../? ? ' ' ' ?''.' ;?.:? ? .. 'That's the nature i-{ (ho '.''business,' answered Popham. And, furthermore, should any poison bb, discovered, to ''order ' nn exhumation of- Liscombo's remains and make an examination of tho sto mach.' .:???; ; ? 'Quito bo; tho! only examination I havo yet mndo has;boon of tho.skull.and as far as it goes there ia riotliing to show how tho fracture 'was made. It might havo been caused by a; blow from ti stick; or~elne have been the result of accident, pure and simple, , such ns n fall from n horse. In any ease,' if tlieronro traces of poison iu tho whisky I will imnifidi ately make. a thorough examination of tho stomach.' ? ?-.'?_. ; ? . -:'»'..:: ' It looks fishy;' said; the. sergeant,! 'the flask having Presebtt'R monogram on it, and I'm afraid will'go very much agiiinst him.'. ?' ' '. : ;' Tho sergeant tnlked'to the/doctor ^unre- strainedly, kiiowing that wlmteverpassed between thoiri would bo kept ini strict secrecy. ''.?'?; ' ' ''..-.'?--'. ,-:' '?'. v;;\ :' 'You aro hard at work getting to gether all the evidence in your power, I suppose?' ..'. ; ' Yes, and a pretty business it* is.'' At best wo havo only eviduuee of a purely circumstantial nature, and that scarcely enough to arrest anyone upon.' 'I'll havo to look alive,' Baid tho doc tor. ' iu order to got mino rondy by the 18th. What is your opinion about Pres cott?' ' .The sergeant for a inomont hardly liked to make reply to such an outspoken question, stroking liia moustncho nnd guv.ing into Bpace ns was his custom whenever anything of a perplexing character cropped up. / : After a moment ho made reply : 'Well, dootor, either that he is the most cunning nnd designing scoundrel, or else innocent of the baacst. crime that man can bo charged with.' 'Ho'm! that doesn't toll mo much. For my part, 1'vo always hnd the highest opinion of Proscott, nnd cannot see what motive thoro was for getting rid of Lis combo. It'a cloar that they ngreed about as well ns a keg of gunpowdor and a lighted match, but still there must be a vi ry broad line between bearing ani mosity against a man nnd doing away with him. No, I can't believe that Pios colt is the slayer of the Manager of Rap poo.' ' ;.'''??. 'Romoiiiber,' raid Popham, 'there woro £3500 at stake. A man don't care fibout parting with Hint when lie thinks ho can sec his way elear to rptaining it.' 'Mercenary motives, I nm awnre, have a good deal to do with tho taking, of men's lives. In fact, in nine casbs'out of ten, niurdors ro-ult from that' nnd t lint alone. But to toll me tlmt Proscott did nwiiy : with Liscombo over a; ..money trans action is more thiii.i I can oredit.'* , .; -l Wi'll, doctor, how do you rncoricilo that idea in your mind with those 'docii- monta wliich-.'wore.^fi)und in Iiifcbmbo's: saddle-pouch ?:.. Jt 'appBarsto- mo that biiri young friend had a doublo roiiBon for dia-, posing of;tho:nVanngpr, though vwhpn rill's' fiiid and -dono LiBcoinboi was na^bad as' Prescott, if the deatli of Diigdalo rosts^on. Ilio Inttor's shoulders. Ho can only bo' proccrded- itgaiiist on ono ehargo iit;a time, nnd to a cttriair.ty tho question of how Dugdalo met his death cannot his an swerodBatisfnctoriiy. What wo havo to prove is whether in view of past circum stauces thcro existed any reason in his mind fur killing Liseonibu.' Gieat as tho iuipartinliiy of British justico may nppoar in giving prisoners the boiiolit of a doubt, thoro very often nppenrs nmong^i ilio doteotivo forco an. undue and ovor-anxious dosiro to find somuono guilty Detectives, like most other members of n community, l|avo to mako their dnily bread and at times this necessary com modity is hardly earned, and often too at tho risk of tluir own livco. Still the fact must remain that in many cases their orrora of judgment are tin pardonablo when a man is wrested on a charge of which ho is wholly innocent. In thoir endeavois to earn far them selves praise of tho world, handsome re muneration and speedy promotion, there is a tendency to overshoot the mark. Sorgeant Popham had hnd many suc cessful rwipa, and in this particular in stance comforted himself in tho belief that ho knew whoro to lay hands on tho right person. Ik was past eleven o'clock when Pop ham rose to take his departure. 'To-morrow; then, you'll set to work, doctor, and I hope furnish us with aomo valuable, information.' Aftor this tho trooper sauntored through tho trim littlo gnrden with its wealth of flowering shrubs nnd plnnts, sending forth their aromatic fragranca on tho still night air. Tho quiot highway whick led through thickly-grown clumps of patidauus palins nnd bamboos, looked dreary enough as ho tramped along, sending up the fine white dust which lay ankle-duop on tho roadway. The sound of his foofc- fall on tho solid hardwood rafters of the bridgo which Bpanncd the river alone brake tho calm repose of the small town. The night wns closo nnd almost sliding in its character within doors, bo much bo that Pophnm resolved not to retire forth with, knowing full well that little or no slonp would como to refreMh him. IIo according filled himself a pipe : of tobacco and stretched hiinsulf in a ham mock which oceupicd a coiner of tho verandah. IIo went over again in' his mind the events of tho day which he felt sure ivere nboufc to throw'strong light on tho nature of Maurice Liicombo'a death. If there; were traces of poison in ;the liquor— of whinhho had not tho least doubt — the question must be answered. ?''.Who was to blame ?' * ;'.;' ; fv V Thoro could bo' little doubt eitlior, that the flask which bore Sybil's monogram was not Liscombe's property. :;5';4 £'-?; ? It was midnight. ???;...?' :,4?'Jfi?v( The palms and bamboos wortfrsLirrod* by a gentle breezj which rufiled.^heir; feathery tops, 'the Happing wiijgi'pf sqmo llyihg-fox as ,it^ dar.ed _ through ^iaco£ might bo heard, or tho inoumful^rytbr.a' jungle-fowl piping until tho e.isti?rniiglit .would 'itppeii'r.. /-'. ':.-.' ?????i.v '';-''?!:':%.';.:' '; Tlio sergeant was as tl»br6ughty;pi:ac- '? tical in. character ns a man coiilil 'well be. Nosuporalitious fancies over found their way into his elbnr nnd fnr-soeiiig iiiiiid, though his homo in the old country had been associated with all mar.ner of blood curdling legends handed down from gone-, ration to generation and believed in to the letter by the old villagers who were ns ignorant as people generally aro — born, bred and dying iu one spot. ' I dareBay I should hnvo grown up ex actly the same, had I Btayod thure,' ho said' to himself, his thoughts travelling back to the old Lancaahiro village. ' Itomanco is all very well, but when a man'a starving thero's devilish little ro mance in him. And that's beeii my ex poiienco boforo now, and in Australia, .too, whoro they say a man can't starve if ho'a willing to work. Talk of supersti tion in the -old country. It's simply ignorance of tho lowest order. Put some of my old chums in the bush for a year or bo and they'll soon got all that norlsonso knocked / out of thorn.' » V:: VVVhnt had led tho sorgeant into this train of thought, which seldom occurred, was more than ho himself could -i have said. ..;.-';,.- . ? ' ??.-? ,4'v:' ' My .'God ! thpro's a ghost t' he sud denly exclaimed, jiimping out of therham mock and 'gazing steadily at nn appm tion which stood ihotionleFs at tho gi- rdeu gate.. : ?' :, ( V 'Am I dreamini; 7 No, sure enough, I'm awake.' . ^ * Tlie sergeant gaire himself a pinch^in order to make cortain. ' , ? ^i| At first the sudden appearauco.ofjBtich a sight Boihewhiit: startled Uiiin, butrim another instant ho walked qiiicUly[ do^wn in the directi'in of his 5 nocturnal yisitor. . . '.;.':.-?''. T* 3 ?;'? By heavens,! it's Lucy!'' lie said,? be ginning to recognise tho well-know n*f«a. tures of thn popular bar-uiaidi 'Ayiiat on earth enn she. bo doing lit this tinip of night, and alone, too '?' -- M Hb was right. Tho fisjuro boforn|him was Lucy Gulleni, clad in naught else but her robe dc: null, and her (long raven treses falling in \yavy nmsses about her shoulders nnd neck. Her eyes voro'wuio open, largo, lustrous mid black, yet iliero seemed no whit of expressisn {licro. Slip wns nsleep— ns sound asleep ns if she had: never stirred from lior bed ?' ' ?What the devil shall I do « ith her ?' the sergeant asked himself, gazing, nt this Liidy Mncbetli- like visitor. . J I To awaken her ho was doterminud not to, having hoard that Btich n thing, might prove fatal, more especially When ? he knew the highly nervous state ) of this girl's temperament. ? ; ,' : It was tho first lime in his lifff) that ho had ovor been confronted liy Bueh'n sight, nnd hoped it would be the hist, j i -. ?'.-Well, it's no use standing lobking at her all night, though sho is nicji. jl've nevoi1 boforo seen her look so fetching. ?JlyOworU; how the boys would laugh if they .only kiiftvy^ of this. Luoy nthny iiouBoat this hour!' ? :? '. .- Thbisergeant smiled nt the ljiare ;jdea of such a thing and congratulated hiip'solf en tlio fact that thore was no e*vo witiiORS of tlib.Rceno. ??:,? ????'.:.?: ? I ? V. f' No 'ono shall hear of it, I'm dotor iiiuibd.imd so tlio Kooinr I can got her buck to bed the bettor. Oaocl oveninfj, Lucy, will you give me a whisky'; and bitters, pleiisu V ? ' The sergeant thought this a good way oC opening tho conversation, being about the moot natural question ho could have asked. \ .'?.'.'? : Tho girl neither moved nor spoke, but only gnzfld stondily before her. ♦? I enn't stand this much longer. Per haps she'll.. come inside if I nsk; her. Won't you read yourself a moment ; tho aftnrnoon is warm ?' . . ;' 'Thank you, if you'll keep socret nhat I'ni about to say.' ;..;.P-ipham took her hand in hiB and led jier up to. iho verandah. ,' '?1' wpn'l coine any further,' sly* re hVarked ; ' I'm pressed for timo. Iirf.ict, it's past ten now, but I had lo como.' I oould not rest till. 1 told you.' ; .V-.'-U. Calm yourself , Luoy, and tell nvcall. You may rely upon mo keoping every thing to myself.' ? '??.''Alii sergeant, in you, perhaps, I havo iny one and only friond. People may call thomsolvcs my friends, but I know hotter. C.in a b.ir-mnid be a Wand of auyone's ? Look what she has io go through, the pooplo sho must' smile at and. pretend to like. Ah! tho whole thing is simply a burlesque froin liej,'in ning to end.' But in you, siii^eant, 1 know thut I onn put my trust.' Tho girl put out her band, glittering with many precious stones of a doubtful character, which Popham held gently. 'And now for my story. I couldn't sleep (o-night when I went to bed, with this dreadful weight on my mind, so dressed myself and camo up here.' The fergeant gnzed down ot the em broidered robe of tko somnambulist and smiled at the idoa. ' I knew t'int tho body of Miurico Liscoinbe would be found sooner or later. ' Murder will out' is a true saying, and has proved so in this case. I have como here to give you koiiic strong evidence which will bring ihid man to justico.' ' Who is that man?' Lucy at this question went off into n high-pitched scream of laughter, de moniacal and unnatural iu Bound. 'How can you :isk that question?' she said when sho had recovered her composure. ' \\\'/.j, Sybil Prescott is Liicombo's murderer. Oh ! don't look surprised. The word sounds harsh enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's true. Aye, ns true as ever u thing wns in tliislifo.' The sergeant heeded not the statement mado by tho woman in her present state, yot wilhnl thoro was an irrtiiatible fasci nation to listen to all she had - to say. ' To bring Sybil Prescott to juatioo is my purpos6. Those documents which tell so much ngainst him aro as nothing beside what 1 have seen with my own eyes. I know their contents, but how I know them don't ask me. T-hero wns a flask belonging to Prescott which, if it wero recovered, weuld provo something that he might not like. That flask was given to LUcombe the night when herode to hia death.' ' What did it contain ?' nsked the ser-' gonnt. ' It contained poison. Sybil Prescott lias poisoned that man. I knon* it. Ah 1 a woman was not givin her reasoning for nothing. I told 'Maurice of this— told him to pour every drop of it away, as something said' within me nil was not right. 1 heard someone in the bar this .evening talking about drugged liquor, so parimpa people may know more about the matter than we suppose. Why should ?Prescott give that man who now lies in his gruvo a flask of .whisky to' drink 1 A ;Uiing thai ho has never iu his life done before. The reason is not hard to guess. ; Yiiu know as niuuh ns 1 do nbout both of .them. I will siy no more. Know this, scrgcunt, thnt the blood of Liscombe is on that yn'untt man's binds. ArreBt him without delay and give him hia denerts.' Lucy by this timo bad wound herself up to an unnatural pitch of excitement, so much so that Popham boj/an t» fear that she would awnkon. Notso, howovar. Shu still held on with her rambling and at timeB incoherent nccouut of wlmt shs wished the polici oflicer to bolievo. 'Manrico Liscombo wa9 kind to me, though I never liked him. I loved another ; loved him dearly. But what use was it t Ho wns already an engagod men. How handsome, how noble I thought ho wns. Ho could never be mine. All ha3 happened for tho best. My life would have boon linked with that of a nuirdorer's, for ho was nono other than Sybil Prescott. Thank God for it. I have had a narrow escape. Tiruo is going j I must not homo again. Will }'ou walk as far as the gato 1 I fool relieved now since I have told you what I know. How elso cnuld Maurice have been killed unless as I have said by poison 1 What will a man not do when ho in iu an unconscious state and has suicidal tendencies like ho had ? Ah! the thought is horrible, hor rible, horrible !' ' . As she uttored. tho words id»o moved slowly down the steps, beckoning Pop hain to follow. At tho gato sho whisporcd in his enr ' Aomombor, let no one know what 1 have told you.' Iu another instant sho had vanished through the darkness along tho shadowy rond. Popham watched her out of sight, wondering to himself strange things, then turned to go msido and if possible sleep it oil. ' Evidence coming iu this fashion U darned strange. Someone or another trill havo a hot timo of it.' Soon the ryes of tho trooper closed in sleep and for the time ho was quite obli vious that thore had e\oi lived »uch a per son as Muiirico Liscombo. CHAPTER XX THK AltKEST. 'Sybil Julian Prosoott, I nrroat you for the wilful murder of ono Maurico Lis combo !' SulIi ucro the words uttered a few days after by Sergeant Popham. Words which were enough to have struck terror into tho heart of the hardest of criminals ; but with Sybil, though grim cnoHgh when pronounced in the sergeant's stentorian voice, taken little heed of. The scene of thoarrost ivns the verandah of Sybil's house at ltappoo. Aa was customary, now that Maurico Liscomba wns no more, ho and Itoycroft would often tako an alfresco breakfast on the broad, shady verandah. Whilst par taking of coffee, rolls and luscious tropic fruits the oyo could bo refreshed with the bright emer.iM foliage of the cane-fields, nil glistenii g nnd cool-looking under tho first rays of nn early sun. Ilnw many timna had they sat thoro, talking of all manner of things, and not tho least of them many mid many u time before discussed in aH'its bearings this c.aso of which Sybil nonr formed the cen tral figure. '. It is a well fonown thing among the: police that ofton an arrost is made in one quarter in order flint another party o£ whom thoy havo suspicion may be thrown off his guard. , ? .: With criminals, as a rule, when their evil instincts prompt them to commit a crime their conduct is oftentimes marked in after actions by folly and cowardice, though previously thoy had had enough courage to carry out their Ocsijjns. . . What gladder tidings can bo carried to J he cars of any law-transgressor than to hear that for the crime of which ho alone is guilty another nnd au innocent man has been arrested? Ho gloats uml chuckles to himself at the idea of such a thinj; anil would willingly go and soo him sutler the last penalty of the law mherthan raiso a linger to savo him. Ho little droams that by assuming such an air of nonchalance ho is really prepar ing for himself that noose wliioh ho had so fondly calculated was waiting for nnothi-r. Tlio polico aroready to noto everything that bo may say or do. They shadow him day and night, watching him vrhou ho leasts suspects; ayo, and oven' talk and drink with him: They ply him with whisky, and loam v '',1 - ' ? \ much that uti,f.Mvi'.e ho wnuld Invi; f«md to touch upon iu bis -r.l«r moments. At length, by a word l«t slip, by a something houevlr trivial it may appear to the general public, ho iiicrimf nutcR hiniBclf. Iu an inat.uir i iu; iron b.indii encircle his wrists. lie i.4 a pri soner, mid no one mora antniiished than himself. Had Sergeant Popham arrested .Sybil in order to make the arrest of another moro certnin V Mo one could say. As mi ollicer who knew what his duly was nobody -quts- tiuued for s muiiicut. The case wis in 'his hands for solution, and the first step- towards bringing the slayer of :Li«coni!-e to justice had been taken. ' The public would look on and follow each sitngo of the proceedings with that vuriieio&s; ' aiirfmito for Biippiny upon horrors which is ro characteriitic of the average law-couit lounger. Though the inquest had been fixed for a certain date, it was necessary to post pone it for a week later in order tlmt the witnesses might have duo notice and that any further evidence forthcoming might also bo obtained. 'Will there be no time to writo a letter or settle other matters?' inquired Sybil aa Pepham and Tulloch stood beforo his chair. 'I've much to say that I should liko. Could you give mo an hour ?' ' Very sorry to say, sir, that wo can't. Our orders are to take you without delay to Thornton. No doubt you'll be able to do any business there that you may re quire. . There'll be a clear week beforo tho inquest, during which you'll have plenty of time to yourself.' A grim smile overspread Sybil's face nt Hie thoughts of that weary week before him. And who could say, perhaps, how many weary weeks there might not be after thnt, supposing they found him guilty ? As Roy-croft heard the storn older of Sergeant Popham, he cirew. Sybil aside, scarcely ablo to articulate clearly the comforting words which he wished to say. With an effort, however, he mastered himself. . ' Bear up, old boy j the crisis hnscoma nt lost. You show nothing' of what you feel ; wero you to do so, perhaps, you would appear less plucky than you really are. I'll have the horses saddled without delay, nnd we'll ride to Thornton Under escort.' His last words were almost spokou in a jocular manner, as he ran down the stepB and took a path in the direction of tho stables. Whilst Roycroft was absent, Sybil nnd the troopers remained beside the break fast table. Had these stern guardiaus of the law been off duty they would readily havo ac cepted the light wineB and cigars which Sybil so kindly offeree'. As it was, however, chey could ac cept nothing, and, in fact, spoke hardly at all. Thoy were stolid as Sphinxes, looking steadily beforo them over tho waving cane-top3, bending to the morning breeze with a sad, mournful sound liko tho waves of tho Bea. And this world of sunshine, this broad, far-stretching panorama of heavenly lights and gloving colors in which merry birds piped their songs and dusky savages laughed and levelled, was to bo exchanged for thn^dark, unwholesome atmosphere of a felon's dungeon. Sybil thought of this as his eyo roamed at will across tho familiar landscape far away towards that frowning fortrexs-likc rock of Grazebrook, where poor Chris tine- watclfed and hoped for hii- re turn. Ah ! cruel enough ho thought iv. all, but easy to bear wore she not made to suffer on his account. This was a thought, sharp as an nrrow entering hia side, which maddened him to dwell upon. '.Why should she be made to suffer?' ho kept repeating to himself. And then his oye was suddenly at tracted by the ornamental hilt of Pop ham's revolver, protruding from its case. Flight never cuterci his mind, mid he even smiled to himself at the idea of such a weapon being carried on his account. Though his rooms were bristling with fire-arms of all descriptions, no thought of ever carrying one iu self-defence had ever occurred to him. ' I wouldn't shoot a dog if I could help it,' he hnd often said when stories of 'nigger- potting,' ns it is familiarly termed, wore told him by another. 'Some, no doubt,' ho thought, 'would have taken to tho bush immediately when they hnd known thoro was a chance of bung arrested, cramming ns many shoot ing irons and daggers into their belt as would terrify a .host. 1 see nothing in it, ns ten chances to one the cipiurc would havo been effected all the samo. These troopers shoot straight, which is not always tho caso with those who carry most weapons of defence. Besides, what have I to escape from ? God nnd my conscience tell ;mo what is right, and that's enough.' By this time Itoycroft had brought up die horses which Sybil nnd ho wero going to ride to tho t«wuship. How fresh and well-conditioned they appeared in tho bright morning light, turning thoir heads in the direction of their comfortable loose-boxes, from whence came 'the neighing of stable companions. AU these cvery-dny trilles were now taken note of by Sybil ns lie snt in moody silence, Most, no doubt, havo experienced the snino when, perhaps, for the last timo they aro looking nt some well knoivn Bcciio iu which everything, bo it small or great, leaves nn impression long to bo remembored whon years have rolled thoir course. ' Shall I be pemilted to accompany Mr. Proscott?' nsked Roycroft of tho sergeant as thoy wero m.\kiug prepara tions for tho start. ' By all means. No douht your ser vices will be of use to the prisoner. He may hnvo messages to send. '. How harsh the word prisonei sounded to tho oars of the young fellows, though n common anough ono with Pop hnm. ':????.?????, 'Thenwo'ro all ready. Tulloch, do you take up the rear' whilst ' I ride in front. Rameniber.SIr. Pwscott, this is inovoa3 n, matter of form than anything otae. Wo havo no fear that you will try to escape.' Sybil had boon arrested so quietly that 8O«rcoly anyone i on tho plantation was awaro of it. Tlio quattotte woro riding down ono of tho quiet c.ine-gladcs; whento came tho almrp ring of knives and joyous refrain of the islnndors, at tho long bamboos fell in heaps ready for garnering. They littlo dreamed thut their master tvns being hurried forward to answer qucstiuiia before a tribunal on so hideous u, charge.— {To be continued.) V W !- 