SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. THE Y.lt.C. SPRING MEETING. '. Derby Day Reviewed. HOW THE BMJE KIBAND WAS . WON. Stralliinore's Victory and StroiuljoH'g Defeat. Sydney Sportsmen out of Luck — Tips Tor the Third and Fourth Days — The ' Davrson and Williams Boxing Contost. (By 'Ajax.') Melbourne, Monday. Derby Day is ovor, and by the timo this is in print the Cup will hava boen run for and won. To Sydnoy poople more espooially Derby Day of 1891 is likely to be long re membered, All the good things of our visitors failed to come off, and the only win that Sydnoy trainers wore favored with all day— that of Cardoness in the last race — serveu tq diuko imibterH worae jor tua merry punters from the other side of the Murray,. as Cardoness was allowed to go out unbacked, and he boat La Tosca and Ascot Yale, on whom all tho money was piled. Then to mako tho cup of biltorness fullto overflowing, Dawson was beaten by Williams in the even ing, and thereby several hundreds of Sydney's good money went into the pookets of Vic torians. Usually our yisilors are very successful on the first day of tho mooting, and moro than onoo they havo pulled off tho Melbourne Stakes, Derby and Maribyrnoug Plato, and thon just to givo a further tasta of thnir quality havo walked away with oue of the handicaps. The lato Jamos White was wont to mako the pace protty warm eaoh year on the opening day, as . tho victories of Palmyra, Sogenboo, Iolantbe and Acme in the Maribyrnong Plate, Chester, Martini - Henri, Nordonfeldt, Tri dent, Ensign and Dreadnought ih tha Derby, and Aborcorn and others ia the Melbourne Stakes testify. Siuco tha death of this lamented sportsman things have not been going eowollwitbToin Payteu, who, as trainer to the syndicate represented by ' Mr. J. B. Clark,' has bad to put up with a lot of bad luck. Tho V.B.O. woro uuluoky this year in getting a wot Derby D»y, but it ia doubtful if this in any way affKotei tlio attonduuoo, an tho majority of thoao proaout woro on the oourso boforo the rain came. Tho bad timoa had niore'to answor for iu the falling off in tho attondanoo us compared with last year than had tho unfavorable mutooro logical oondition«. Still the attendnnco was a large one* and if the weather be fine for Cup Day I darn say tho assemblage will he quite up to the average of past years. Tho racing, commenced witli tho Maidon Plato, for whioh Mr. W. R. Wilson's fluo looklng oolt, Steadfast, by Nordonfeldt from Nollio Moore, the dam of Lochiol, was mado favorite, -with the orratio OatUng next in demand, and' Norbort and Stono Design backed at ontsido prices. .Stoadfast proved as good as he looks, and won tho raco with ridiculous ease, Havllah and Norbort filling the places. Steadfast, before long, ought to win a much more important raco than a Maidon Plato, but as for that brnto, G.atllng, ho ought to bo put between tho shafts of a hansom cab. Ho is always going to do some thing, but fails timo aftor timo in the uioBt ignominious manner. He was a dear bit of horseflesh to Mr. Gannon, and nil told, must havo cost his owner something lika .£19,000 since ho haa had him. Tlio socond ovent, tho time-honored Mnlbourno Stakes, a raoo of much im portance in itself and of great signifi cance as throwing light on tho sub sequent ovents of tho meeting. Usually, ono horao stands ont far superior to tlio re mainder of the field in this race, but this oir. cumstanco was oven moro marked this year than in the past. With tho respectable field of thirteen ruuuors, Marvel looked suoh a cortainty for tho raoo that odds woro laid on him and 10 to 1 oould bo obtainod bar ono. As in the hotting, so in' tho raoo. 16 was a ono-horse affair, though Bnngebah lookod liko making a light of it at the distanoo, and brought the blaok sou of Marvollous to tlio whip. But ho soon woro Bungobah down, and though tho ollicial verdict was only ?half a length, the win was a, very eaBy ono, Buugobah ehowod to much greater advantage than ho did iu tho CaulRold Stakes, but tho son of Grandmastor appears to bo none too game. Whimbrel's bold front in tho raoo plaoed bin baokers for the Molbourno Cup on good terms with themselves, and Corroze, Marvel; and Annesley also ran well, but Malvolio and Paris did not perform at all promisingly, and Tirailleur out up badly. The Hotham Handicap, of 1J mile and a distanoo, was a groat luxury to Pigeontoo, who, with his 71b penalty, only had 7st 81b to carry. The puntors rushed him in the betting, and tho brother to Lady Botty and Bowmont wont out at evens, Clonard, on whom Mat. Harris had tho mount, being tho ouly other starter backed with auy spirit, and ho receded in tho betting ju3t before the fall of the flag in an ominous manner. Pigeontoo won with consummate oaso, the boy on him having a big hold of his bead from tha home .turn, and his supporters for the Mel bourne Oup smiled signlfioantly after tho race. Portsea filled second place, but Dillon could, I fancy, have beon in that position. Jack aud Affiance wore amongst the starters, but neither was backed. Thon camp on for decision the great race of the day, the Derby. Strathmoro hardened to even inonoy just beforo tho fall of tho flag, and the ? support accordod to Oxide brought him into tho position of second favorite. The friends of Stromboli woro vory confident right up to tho fall of tho flag, and Payteu made no secret of his belief that ho would with tho brother of Volcano ac complish the downfall of Strathinors. Penanco had hot been doing well during the few days boforo the raco, and was almost friendless, and none of the others were much fancied^. ? Albemarlo mado most of tho running in the interests of Stromboli, and having accomplished his mission retired at the distance, whoro Strathmore took command. Stromboli drow np almost level with the favorite, and for the moment it looked as if the Canlfield Guineas vordict was to bo re versed, but a prick of the spura mado Strath, more bound away from tho brown as if ho was standing still, and tho Derby was won by Stratlimoro in as easy a manner as ever a raco was won. That -Strombo'.t has a weak spot thore can be no doubt ; he showed the whito feather in the Caulfiold Guiuoas, and he unmistakably cut it in the Derby. Ho has plenty of paco, but has no heart. With- a decont woight on he should just about land a Newmarkot Han dicap, but he will never finish well if anything that can go gets alongside him at the end of a race of any length. Stromboll'a oonnec. tions have lost a hoap of money ovor tho raco bnt those bohind Strathmore have taken a lot of moiioy ont of- the ring— quite i!30,000 I should say, and ho has been coupled with every horse in the Cup with the ghost of a show. Tho rocent victories of Zalinski, Steadfast aud Strathmoro is. a foathor in the cap of Nirdenfoldt as a sire, and Mr. S. Hor deru has in the son of Musket a horse who promises to mako as good a name for himsolf as his great father did. Oxido's pebplo wero vory confidont of suc cess, but tho littlo chap's chance was somo what interfered with by being knocked about yi the straight. 'In any ; 'event, however, ho could 'have had liq chanoo, as tho raco was run, with cither tho. first or second horse. Penanoo looked ^exceedingly dangerons for a momont at thedistanoo, aa he shot out ns if ho wero going to.land tho raco oasily, but ho immediately 'dropped back as if his condition was not good enough for a finish. Albemarlo seems'' to have plenty of pace : but Sword bearor, Yarran, Stornebaser and Tho Robe] found tho pace altogether too fast for them, whilo St. AlbauB was quite out of place in suob company. Tho result of the Maribyruong Plate upset all previous calculations. Tho winner, Etra Weonie, had run once or twioo previously, but showed only fair form, but she was backed down to a short prioo at the last moment, though Mcli and Moonray woro bettor favorites. Moonray does not appear to bo too gamo, as she had everything in hoi favor, but waB done with at tho distance, aaj Meli only ran respectably. Tho race w« won easily enough by Etra-Weouio, bnt Tin Captain ia a youngster moro to my liking, and ouo likoly to ripen into a Derby colt, Nobody ran well, and ho did Da« O'Connor, who had to put up with a tit penalty. Illkod vory muuli tho appnarasuf of Brotherton (a bay colt br Nuwuiuutw» Little Sister) and Inheritance (by Grant master— Legaoy), and Survivor (by Robinsoj Crusoe— Rustic Lass) will bo heard of aifain. Etra-Woonlo is by Trenton ont of Nelli« (tho dam of Epi.'Wllga, and Yarran), and hot win must have boon pleasing to Mr. W. J(. Wilson, who owns her sire, who will, if I mi/ take not, run Nordoufoldt close as a getter of goodstook. Muskot.hai loft three spkjdii horscn bohind him in Nordonfeldt, Trenton, and Martini-Henry. The Coburg Stake*, ?which brought (li day's raoing to a eloso, went to Tom Lainon-J'j Oitttloiiim; who was not bnokod for a bcaa. Ascot Valo and La Tosca wero well supporM in this raoo, but neither bod a bIiow with tlia winner. Quality and Steeltrap ran promi. nently for u. inilo, and both aro worth watching, By tho time this -letter in published tlii second day's raoing will bo over, an I am nut called upon to weigh tho ohancos of tho horn;« oompoting in the various events on Cup Uav but on tho third there nro one or two evcnti which I may discuss. ' The first of those is t lig FLYTNa STAKES, of seven furlongs, iii which the (treat Marvel will probably sport silk ugnin. It strike.-! me that Marvel is bamming somewhat bIuk-M, as h« gets older, and therefore.! would not I, a surprised to soo him beaten iu'this race by u good two or tliroo-yoar-old. Sfcnitbmori) is engaged, and, if started, bo ahonld ju.it about win, and I.will placo STRATHMORB ... ..: ? ' .... l M-AKVKL ... ... ... ... '- Dan O'Connor or BpNOEBAit ... :i Tho woights ore not yot out for tho SenonJ Hurdle Kaoo, Spring Handicap; or Veteran Stakes, but I can deal with - THK OAKS, which will probably see a very small fislfl sporting Bilk. I fancy ALBINA ? ' ... l Corvette ... ... .„ ... 2 Lady Carbine ? ... !) THE ROYAL PARK STAKES is run over a railo and five furlongs, and is \ woight- for-ago raoe. Tho runners will pro. bably include Marvel, Megaphone, Strnlli. moro, Pigoontoc, Correze, and Highborn, and though Marvel is considered- more at homa over tho shorter journey, I prefer Mm for this raoo, and will go for MARVEL ... .-. ? 1 STHATIUtOBB... ... ... ... 2 Meqapuone or Cokkezk ? 3 On the fourth day tho 'FOAL STAKES ahould prove a good thiug for STRATHJ1ORE, and for tho . CANTERBURY PLATfi, whioh is run over two miles, the pluoe:i should be filled by ? MARVEL ? ... ... 1 Stuatumore... ... ? a Stromboli ... ... ? ? 8 The groat race of the day will bo THE '.STEEPLECHASE for which Sir Wilfred is favorite vvilli 12st 131b, a woight which ho is quite master of, Waiter, list 51b, will run well, and so will Comet, 9st 111b, and Busaco, 12at 311b. I will give my verdict for SIR WILFRED ... ... ... 1 Cornet ... ... ? 2 Bosaco ? ... ... :: Mr. D. S. Wallace las had an offer on ho. half of on Amorican breeder for Carbine, tiio price moutioued being .£20,000 ; but tho lion. Donald wasn't 'on.' ' Wo sent two good horses in Dhrobin and Sir Modred out of tin country, aud it is satisfactory to know that wo have such a patriotic sportsman in our midBt as Mr. Wallace. Tho Sydney members of the ring, at present in Molbonrno arc to be entertained nt a ban^ qnot on Oaks night, by the members of tlid Australian Boakmakers Association resilient iu Molbourno. Thin is return for kiudiion extended to the Melbourne metallicin.t» by tin Sydney bookmakers during tho A.J.O1. lWt ing. I was present at the Dawson ami William! boning match oil Saturday night, ami llion^b rathor out of inv department, I would like to say a word about it. Dawsou is undoubtedly clevor, and two or thrco times ho sliowou himself vory trioky in' escaping punishment, but Williams carried too' many gmis for him altogether. Williams is a. Shivhi un a smull scale. Ho has' not much science, bnt rtisli-j.i in and bronks down almost any guard. Hi) hits very hard nnil straight, ami is not afiaid of a blow or two himself. . Dawsoir hr.rfn'l a ghost of aBhow.nud the sounding of the i;oii» just Bavocl him from being knocked nut in t!io second round. He was .' dead-llciked ' iM IU fourth round, bis fimo being terribly haokiM about. Williuins wap boot,od for making a blow at Dawsou as ' tho latter wa« riding, uiul ilm ref oreo was blamed' hi so'.iio (imu-tiiM fur not giving the fight, to' DawVon on a foul, tail at that timo Williams lmd 'won, an 1.bn Gyilnv/ man did not respond in Mine after the «st-iv.i- tion of tho ten soconcl.s. ' Dnwroa foui'lii v.'ry gamely, but bo met a pbonomoa.il li'-iitur iu Williams, and oiib -who will, in ,nv i.i.ii.j.ia, hold his own with the best of hl.s -'f.i.« ii: tV) world. I trust -ihat-yonr bo:in;r contributor will not think I ani,-iii roforriug to (his hit/ resting contost, .poaching on his provc-nci. 