t ttt* POURQUOIPAS. CHAPTER II.—i MB. F&BIOHEB; did not see his hostess until after sapper. He was quitting the salle a manger when he heard the sound of sobbing. The sound proceeded from a little room at the foot of the stairs. The door of the room was open. In it was Madame Peltier. " Monsieur, I entreat you, enter." Mr. Fletcher entered. "It is all over. It is done. It is finished." Mr. Fletcher inquired what was finished. " I am ruined. It is of no consequence to anyone—that I know very well—but it is all the world to me." Mr. Fletcher asked—being driven upon the paths of cross-examination—in what the was rained. " I have just given orders that all my horses—Pourquoipas alone is worth five and twenty thousand francs—and all the money I have in the world are to be sent to a man in Morlaix, of whom I have not even heard the name." " You are not serious P" "Do I look as though I were not serious, MonsieurP What would you have P Ask Sam Tucker; he is going to take both the money and the horses." "If you really have given such an order, I would earnestly advise you to countermand it. You don't mean to say, now you have had an opportunity for quiet thought, that you are not yourself persuaded that you have been the victim of a trick P" "What do you call a trickP Was that a trick last night P Do not tell me I do not know my own husband, if you please. All this morning I say to my self, ' I will go into the stable. No, no, no!' This, afternoon I find upon my table a piece of paper—' Come!' Who put it there P It is in my hnsband's writing. I went to the stable, although I said to myself I would not go. I have heard there from Pourquoipas—ah, what I have heard 1 Never was I spoken to in such a way before. And by a horse I Ciel 1 It is a wonder I am not dead! It is enough that I promised to send the horses and the money by Sam Tucker to a man at Morlaix, whose name even I do not know." " I would strongly advise you to put off the fulfilment of your promise, at any rate, until the morning." "It is impossible! I am not woman without courage, but I do not dare." " She did dare. Mr. Fletcher persuaded her. The sacrifice was postponed. " Now," the gentleman told himself, " unless I am greatly mistaken, to-night I shall have another visitor as the consequence of meddling with the affairs of others." His forebodings were realised; he had a visitor. He put off retiring to the latest possible moment. ; When he did •eek the privacy of .his x»wn apartment he still postponed the act of . going to bed. "I think, I remember seeing somewhere a little play called 'Diamond Cut . Diamond.' If I am to receive a visitor I think I'll receive him sitting up. I •hall be able to offer him more courtesy than I should if I were in bed." Heiput out ihe candle, taking care to have it within easy reach. He put a box of matches in his pocket—only regretting that there was no lantern handy. , Taking , .off his boots he sat down in a «hai*!and ; waited. He waited hours. .Nothing broke the silence of the night. No .church .clock told of the flight of time. . i "One might almost [think, that some one had told my friend that I had a sixshooter in my pofcket, this better to do him 3 honour. If something doesn't happen soon, I shall either have to walk about or else go toisjeep in my chair— and, if it comes to tha:t, I'd -better go to bed." . . The night stole on.;. Still nothing to, break the monotony pf waiting in the dark. More than once Mr. Fletcher had caught hischin in the act of falling forward on to his chest-r- his yawns became prodigious. . r " It begins to, occur to me that At my; time oflifenothing and no one is worth' sitting up for all night. I'm off to bed/' He was about to go to bed, and for that purpose had already risen from his his seat, when—he heard a sound! , • > . "What's thatP" It might havebeen the creaking of : a hoard. • It might have been the movement of a mouse. It might have been any of the trifling noises of which we are conscious in the silence of the;night. Of one thing only he was certain—he had heard a sound ! He listened, his sense of hearing almost unnaturally alert. A sound again ! " Perhaps, after all, it's nothing but a mouse." If it was a mouse it was a curious one. The sound became plainer. It seemed to Mr. Fletcher that it was coming nearer. " It's someone moving. I hope to goodness it isn't that old idiot, madame." But it did not seem as if it proceeded from the stairs. Surely, if she came at all, she would come that way. " It strikes me that it is someone in the other room. For all I know, there may be someone sleeping there. Hallo 1 What's that P" It was a ray of light—the merest pencil! It gleamed like a streak of molten metal across the floor. "As I'm a Dutchman, it's shiniDg through the wall!" It was; there could be no doubt of it. It came through a crevice in the wainscot. " I have it I I spot it all! Now for the next card in the game—it'll be a call for trumps. I rather fancy, too, that I shall be able to trump this little trick." The pencil of light grew wider. " They're slipping a panel in the wainscot—just behind the head of my bed! This thing gets beautifully plain!" With a cat-like step Mr. Fletcher moved toward the bed. The pencil of light was ceasing to be a pencil—it began to illuminate the room. " Steady, my friend, that panel distinctly creaked. You must oil it next time before you play this game. In delicate operations of this kind' trifles light as air' are apt to spoil the full effect." The room was in that state of semiradiance which had puzzled Mr. Fletcher on the previous night. " Now, my friend, is it now p It is P He's coming! Trumped! Good evening. dear friend, good evening!" With one hand he had someone by the collar of hiB coat, with the other he pointed a revolver into someone's face. " Good evening, dear friend, good evening." There ensued an interval for reflection. The captive .seemed momentarily paralysed; the captor was taking stock. The prisoner was a little man—a very little man, scarcely reaching above Mr. Fletcher's waist. "After all!" The words proceeded from the little man in something between a moan and a gasp. "As you say, my friend, after all— after all, we meet again. Perhaps you will permit me to strike a light—my lightP Your light we will, examine later on." The little man offered no resistance when his captor drew him toward the table. He stood in silence while the candle was being lit; nor did he flinch when Mr. Fletcher held it in front of his f ace.the better to see what manner ofmanhewas. "From the look of you, I should say you were the late Peltier's Corsican brother." " You have a revolver. Shoot me. It is better so." " It may be better so—a little later in the evening. At thp present, it seems to ine that it would "be p pity. ' Let me place you on the table." Lifting him in his arms, Mr. Fletcher seated him on : the edge of the table, the little man remaining as docile as a child. When, however, he had gained that fost of vantage, " What is it to have been born a little man!" he groaned. 1 " The situation id not without its com-; pensatiohs. Women, mistaking your afee, may beptow on you their caresses as generously as though you were a little boy. Now, may I ask—I trust yoja will npt deem the question an impertinence— who, you are, .and what's .your little gameP" --•••.!• '•' \ VDoy<mnot knowmeP" - "Unless-you are the ghost of the late lamented 1 Peltier, I am afraid I dori't." | " l am Peltier himself." " Peltipr I Ernest ! Whew J" $fol Fletcher Whistled. . " But I thoughtJthat yb|i were dead." • u' .V s" In ihe morning Ishall he dead.".: The. little man spoke with an air of trBgicglopm. ;*':Bntas farafl Iunderstandthe rights of the matter, ydu are—or i you ought ; to tie^-rStone Idead now. - You are fcuiied." j coflih is; buried." " = q ' The little man was still. Looking at him, marking his air of extreme depression, Mr. Fletcher began faintly to realise the situation. " You do not understand P" ".Not yet—exactly." " Although you do not understand— you have ruined me. It seemed to me that that is well. Is it because you loved my wife P" " Your wife P Well, not precisely." " What is it, then P You think, no doubt, youhavedoneabrave thing, aclever thing—you, a stranger, who came into this country for the first time yesterday. You are mistaken. You see I am a small man. My wife, she is as big as a house. Ever since the day I married her she has made my life no life at all. I could do nothing against her; she did with me as she pleased. Once I ran away. I did not go far—I had only three francs in my pocket. Those I had to steal. Sometimes two, thTee times a day she would look to see if there was any money in my pockets. She found me, she brought me back, she locked me up for three whole weeks in this very room. She took away my clothes. She left me but my drawers and my slippers and my shirt. That was very funny, was it notP For you; but not for me. Oh mon Dieu! After all I am a man." In the uncertain light Mr. Fletcher saw that the tears were rolling down the speaker's cheeks. "I was ashamed to complain to people of the treatment I received, though I do not doubt that it was plain enough to all the world. I thought once or twice of killing her, but it seemed to me that it would be better that I should kill myself rather than her. This reflection put into my head the beginning of a scheme. At last things came to a crisis. She—she beat me. She beat me as though I were a child—me, a man of honour—with a slipper upon her knee. It is incredible, but it. is none the less the truth, she beat me until I cried with pain! That was enough. I arranged my scheme. I pretended to be very ill. I knew that she was very superstitious. I told her that when I was dead my soul would pass into the body of a horse." " Pourquoipas P" " Into the body of Pourquoipas. No sooner had I said it than I seemed to die." V How did you manage that P" "3! swallowed a draught which made it seem—to her—that I was dead." • "But how about the doctor P Aren't such things as certificates of death known in this part of the world P" " Sam Tucker saw to that." "I thought our friend the jockey had a finger in the pie." "He has been a good friend to me, Sam Tucker. She lost no time in putting me into a coffin. Dead, she feared me more than living. Sam Tucker fastened down the lid." "Having first, I suppose, taken care to see that you were out of it." " That is so. When the coffin had been baried we got her down into the stable. I spoke to her, as she thought, out of the mouth of Pourquoipas." "-And, pray, how was that edifying performance arranged P You spoke to me,: you must remember, out of the mouth of Pourquoipas." "It was very simple. There is a cellar underneath the stable. A small grating opens into the box of Pourquoipas. I spoke through'the grating. You were easily deceived." . " You think so, do you P It seems to me, my friend, that you're a past master in'deception." " My idea was to frighten my wife into sending the horses—which, after all, are my own property—and a sum of money to an address in Morlaix. Then I should be able to start in the world afresh, freed from the chains of slavery. There could be no. doubt she would have sent them. You came < upon the scene. By meddling in: the affairs of others you have ruined all. It seems that I'must starve, "Hist! What's that?" Mr. Fletcher icanght -Monsieur Peltier by the arm. " There's someone coming > up the stairs, and I'll bet i a [dollar J it's your wife. Hide behind the curtains of the bed." ' There came a .tapping at the-door. "Who's theref" J r "Open, monsieur, open 1!' When the door was. opened Madame 'Peltier" stood without: '" Monsieur, I > cannot asleep,' it is no good. All thp night I think that I hear voices- : " .j . -.!.••.•-< i MI A little figure advanced intb Ihe ceiftrfe of themom, thfc figu» <of la very 4ittli> man. -" .; .us •j-.'i 1 • i .••> : "Agnes!" '. The lkdy fainted. Sixteen solid stone fell with a thud upon the ground. Mr. Fletcher brought her round in course of time. " It was Ernest!" " Upon my word," said Mr. Fletcher, " I believe it was." "It is enough. Better to be ruined than to die. I will send the money and the horses in the morning." And she sent them!—All the Tear Hound,. 