A MYSf ERlOnS REVERSE (A DRAMATIC STOJ.Y). Uv THE AUTllOll OK 'SliIh' CiiM'iin XXXV. A I.irriE DAiLlOIH. CunoMly and tnundship kept the dn appointi'd gul'b ojes wide open and w .itch hi 1. Not 'sin inkling of tins' cause \\\a* in 'tlie watcliei's mind, asshc'sat'\\\itli iht dooi aiai, litrht extinsriushul, and licirt lull (of yoimg| girl ]ualon«y, ixpu^ling to see some newei and moie f.ixoied^om p.inion -jtcil into Ouu's loom. , Gieat, then, vas'hei :uiituoiiii-nL and stupefaction lo see Onn's dooi iiois.ole5j-Iy open, and hciacU .ipi-iai at it int a walking diess, sh.iding tlie light \utli u t-icinbling- hand Ihe young gul descnbud ln-r tos Innic — ' Slic liad a dose bonnet ami thick ^cll, which she diew o\cr hei Lue, and join waterproot cloak on,' contmed the jji'.ikei, nddiessing Adcla. 'Are you sine, Lucy, that it Has mine 1' 'Ccitain , foi tlial moining Omi and [ weie m join loom, and she took yoiu cloak away, oil the peg, snjing she wanted lo uumsuio it loi °omytlnng, I don't know what, loi I paid little atten tion to hei excuse foi taking it,. Omi h.i in jour cloak, and, aftei dinning down her close umI, she extinguished her light, and I lienid hei ciecping along the passage down the stalls I ^(o!e aftci hei. I was afraid to go down , Imt I In. ml a dooi gently open and shut I k'lt the cunenfc of air, &o; I am --uie slit' went out 'Oil,' continued tliespcakei, ' [ was so teiulied ! I went back to m\ loom, and &at; tiembling and ciyinar on ; tlian at my dooi, J thought slio had run itwa\, and I knew llieio would bi1 a diendlul to do Tlieie I sat, it bicmefl, liouii and lioms. lwas.imn/cd nhun I saw afteiwaids how much shoitei the pcuod ot hi'i absence «a-- than it »|ipcaiid. I iic'\C'i shall foigct how happy [ lelt when I saw hei hguie in di-tmctly in the dim light thrmigh tlie window, cupp into hei 100111, and cloi the dooi To be quite Sine that it was lici 1 saw, I stole on tiptoe to hei dooi, mil peeped thiough tho kevhole Tlieie was Omi ; j nui cloak had lallen oil, and ??lie was looking at something in hei hind. andciyingbitteil\\. Iliad intended tapping at tlie dooi, lo tell hu I had seen all, hut my heait tailed me, she seennd in so much tumble' ' Uid you e\ei allude to it, 01 .isle hei an\ thing?' asked Adela, m a tone ot gicat emotion. ''Only once,' was hei leply ; 'For horn that night Omi ne\ei wa- the same to me, or to any ot u». You know how incur she used lo bi-. Well, ahei (hit., she would go away alone, 01 sit moping in hei loom, and seldom ?'poke to anj ol u fir-l.' 'When was it you alluded lo if' 'When we lie.ud jou weie loming 'Now ,' I said, 'I sujtposejou will allow me sometimes to come to jour loom at mghl nilh Adeli ' If you ha\e a lo\ei, that needn't make jou so ci oss to me' I thought *he would ha\e fainted,' continued Luiy , ' she sut some moments staling at me,-quilo bewild eiecl and like a ghost, then she asked me what 1 meant9 She looked so ttiange, that I hadn't the coinage to tell hei I'd Men hei.' ' I sinceiely am-jIi jou had done so,' fell tiom Adela, upon whose mind not a doubt lemained, after this conversation, of whom it wni who had met Cyms Gacre that evening. But then the whole alliiu was cut oil tiom auv possible solution ol it. How had Onu known him ? ]Iow had he mistaken one for the other ? Weie they mauled? It would bo impossible to feel moie perplexed Hum Adela was. Sitt as she would, not anothei thing could she elicit tiom her companion, beyond tho fact that Omi nas taken senously ill, and when well enough to be lemoved, was sent home to Mcrelands. jSow, the chain of e\ents was cleaiei. Fiom Mcielnnds Onu had mil away. To whom ? With whom 9 It had been piovcd that she never was with her brother in Malta, as hei mother thought, on (list healing ot Charles I)evereux!s death. Whore,, then, could sho have been ? A shudder passed through Adela's heai t. Smely, she had desliojcd hciself from some mysterious cause; if she had rea'ly been -married to Cyrus, would she not bo now with him ? i Unable', to; conjecture anything beyond the dreadful crime .of self- destruction, Adela resolved' to see the housemaid who hadheeh-at Langley- House, and if the one 'who', had Jet Omi out,- after the interview, decide upon her future plans. Again this girl was found, and sub jected to a course of cross-examination ; but with the clue in her hand, Adela was enabled to take .another line of questioning to that of the others, being herself the person accused. .. ?''?. ?r Everything already stated was again brought forward, the girl appealing to Adela as to whether she had not been, correct in. asserting that she (Miss Letchington) had gone out that night. : 'I would not have said a word about it, ma'am,' added the servant, 'only the first gentleman i threatened to bring me into court ''if ' I didn't speak the truth, andthat I knew would ruin my character.' | 'Think well,' said Adela : 'was ihero no other person who might have looked like me ? I never went. I was with my mother the day before.' ' But, miss,' answered the girl, with an amazed look at this bold assertion, 'I could swear to the cloak, for the reason I tell you.' 'I left my cloak behind me. Could it not have been worn by somebody else?' 'I am sure, ma'am,' was the repljr, in a tremulous tone, as if fearful of giving offence, ?'.'? I saw a letter once thrown over tlm garden wall, which you picked up and rend.' (2'a be continued.) 