loeeaan. TAB DOMINICAN NUNS, NORTH ADELAIDE. Foundation Stone of Convent Chafed. On Sunday last, in the presence of a large gathering, His Grace Archbishop Reynolds solemnly blessed and laid the foundation of the Church of the Holy Ghost, in connection with the Dominican Convent, Molesworth Street, North Adelaide.„ Among thoBe present were His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide,. Very Rev. Dean Kennedy, Very Rev. Arohpriest Nevin, Fathers McEroy, McMahon, Dohen'ey, Collier, F. O'Neil. O'Donnell, and Hurley. The hour fixed! for the ceremony was 3 p.m. The Arch bishop, accompanied by the clergy and a procession of the members of the Hibernian Catholic Benefit Society, pro ceeded to the site of tbe chapel. The stone was decorated with flowers and foliage. His Grace the Archbishop then solemnly blessed and laid the foun dation stone, after which he de livered a short but impressive address. He said the Chapel was dedicated to the Holy Ghost, and was the first in Aus tralia devoted to the perpetual adoration of JesuB Christ in the Blessed Sacrament. This had been one of the great objects of his life for the last thirty-five years. The idea was looked upon as Utopian in a missionary country. On that day, nineteen years ago, he had been consecrated to the Episcopacy, and he then vowed, prostrate before the altar, that he would leave no Btone unturned till his object was accom plished, as it was, with tbe blessing of God, that day. The saintly Archbishop Polding had established the devotion of the perpetual adoration of the Blessed Sacrament in New South Wales, but this was the first chapel specially dedicated to that purpose. The abiding spirit of prayer was necessary to missionary effort, and while a stone of thiB little church of the Holy Ghost remained together, every hour of the day and night, there would bo some one before the tabernacle soliciting a blessing, and making atonement for tho neglect of a fallen world. The Mother Prioress of the Convent had also been solicitous for the same object. He had hoped to have had the chapel erected Borne years ago, but the handof God had delayed matters ; but now he had achieved this great object, and he dedicated tho Church to the third person of the Blessed Trinity. The world knew little of the good work and noble motives of the good Sisters who devoted their lives to Berving Christ more faithfully. He asked tho co-operation of those present to help in the good work. As a result of the collection £193 was laid on the stone. The new building, which is of gothic architecture, will comprise a chapel 60 x 28, sanctuary, externa, and Bacristies. This is all that will be erected at present, but it only formB one side of the quad rangle of the proposed priory. Mr. J. J. Leahv is the contractor, and the cost of the portion now being built will be from £300 to £400. 