DARKEST ENGLAND AND GENERAL BOOTH. >0 THK EDITOR. Sir—To whom do the poor belong? The reply to this question oomee from the class which runs England at the present time, viz., " They do not belong to ns, they are a fearful eyesore, with their rookeries, degradation, and Bhame, their stunted lives. Tbey are like ghosts, and remind us so of death. We would hail with joy the advent of some strong person, aur deliverer, to deliver ub from the bondage of their presence, and to ensure to us at any rate for some time to come oar oomfbrteble icoomes and our self-oomplaoency." So with drums, and shoutings, and blasts of trumpets, comes "General" Booth and "the Army" with an enormous scheme and quack remedy, and he is hailed with * joy by the class viich runs England. "Home colony, farm colony, oversea colony. Clean them up a little and out with them. This is the day fpI cheap trips." But Mf. Edj^ m •aiow that the poor of England b&long; to the people of England. They the offspring of certain economic conditions which obtain in England, and which the rulers have consciously or unconsciously adopted. They said, "We will have a laietez fabre, and devil take the hindmost policy, and the fruit of it thev ought to keep and eat. Of oourse General Booth pro;»=e3 to polish np his proteges and make them fitfor over the sea. But will he V" If it is a question of exodus; then England should send away to a new eountry people fit for oolonizing. The savages of former times had a much mora convenient way of disposing the weak or those who were likely to become weak, viz., by cutting short their careers ; but nowadays it is the practice to let them starve, or, as a later proposal, send them to an oversea colony. This is the Chinese queetion over again. There iB no doubt that it would be all very well to have a home colony or a farm colony away back in China to teach the Chinese not to oome and compete with Australians on an unequal footing, but to come and co- operate; but is it possible when competition rules all the world over, not on an equal, but on a very unequal footing T Unfortunately it is the rich which are the cause of the poor. If a poor beast is infested with parasites be usually becomes lean and miserable. If there was not a class with more of the products of labour than they can consume, then over-population would be the cause; but such is not the ;he case. There must be something, therefore, wrong with the distribution. I am, Sir. fee., LITTLE FABIAN. 