COSTLY INDIAN 1YAltS. be (rROM TIE OGOIeI-DE.tOCn.AT.) t. Since the 4th July, 1776, when this Governi he mcnt began, the Indians have cost the United States a thousend million dollars. Wheujrtho old Pequot chief met the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymouth Rock, and said, " Welcome, Enplishe f men," he spoke for 1,000,000 Indianls. That or was the estimated number of the red race then living within what are now the bounds of the United States. And so it-appears that to date r- the act of dispossessing the aborigines has cost in 1,00dol. for every buck, squaw, and papoose , living on the soil when the white mas came. T- Tess are rouna ngures, out teey are very in close to the exact record.*Tlhree years ago It Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now sn charge of the Indian census, made a careful com pilation. Ho showed that from 4th July, 1776, to 30th June, 1886, the Indians had cost the n Government 929,239,284*02dol. It is safe to dsay that the four years added to the record d since Mr. Donaldson's researches will bring the I figures up close to one thousand millions. This e enormous amount is about one-third of what y the war of the rebellion cost. One-third of the one thousand millions hasbeen spent in pacify Sing and civilieing indians. Tw'o-ttirds of the e one thousand millions have obce absorbed in fighting Indians. f SenatorDoo.ittle,of Wisconsinionce- ventilateds a. this Indian war business. Ife was rin the Sonate t when it was proposed to, negotiate a peace with the Navajoes. Severalotheor seean-ors de marred to the cost of the proposed. treaty. Mr. Doolittle told them something about the cost of Indian wars. At the same tneIo he gave some interesting facts about the originr of thees Indian wars. What is known as the great SioaM war started in 1852. At that time there was perfect peace on the plains. Some Mormons wore driving their cattle towards Salt Lake. Near FortLaramie was a gathering of Indians. The military poet was there, and the Indians were campednear it. One of the Sioux killed a-cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant com. plained. The officer in command at the post sent out a subordinate with twenty men.. This little force went to the Indian camp, and' de. manded the surrender of the Sioux who had killed the cow. The alternative was that the camp would be fired upon. The Indians re lied to the demand: " We are willing to. pay or this animal; we will pay you inm buffalo robes or buffalo skins." The army officer declined. He repeated' his demand for the immediate surrender. The In diane refused. The officer gave the order to fire. The men, 20 obeyed. In 20min. the soldiers were killed and scalped. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1852. The war:lasted three or four years. It cost the United States between 15,000,000dol. and 20,000,000dol. The Navajoe war was another which Mr! Doolittle told about. For many years after this Government acquired the territory in which the Navajoes lived there was no trouble. One day a Navajoe Indian was visiting the fort where the troops were. He got into ia quarrel with a negro boy belonging to one of the officers. The supposition was that the negeo insulted the Indian. The latter drew his bow and put an arrow into the negro, killing him. Then he fled to his tribe. The ofilcer sent a demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe refused to give him up. Without any delay the troops were marched out, and war was begun, Three campaigns were made. against the iNavajoes on this provocation. The United States troops were beaten in each of them. This-Navajoe war cost the Government nearly 20,000l000dol. The biggest of all recent Indian wars was the one about which least was published. It began in 1862. It had its origin in a compara tivcly insignificant matter. A contractor for furmshing Indian supplies sent to the Sioux agencies what was supposed to be prime mesa pork. The consignment was found to consist largely of heads of hogs. The Indians went back on such rations, and took the warpath instead-of the-sosse. Generals Sibley andSully conducted the campaign. They had 15,000 troops under them. In this Sioux war the "Galvanised Yankees,' as they were called, made their appearance. There were several regiments of these " Gal I vanised Yankees," and they did good service against the Sioux. It may be explained that "Galvanised Yankees" were Confederate pri. soners who. took the oath of allegiance and enlisted in these regiments to fight Indians in preference to remaining in Northern prisons. Not being hampered by the humanitarians and plhilanthoopieta Genesal Siblekadopted a very vigorous InWnpolicy. As h:.mado prisoners bo..deccf.?. 'e worst and lhue theem. As many as thirty braeYewereoheado' 'sod Indians" by the rope ? one day. . There is a recoril of engagemen'ts with hos- e, tile Indians within the military division of the Missouri from 1888-to 1882. Ii the recapitula tion of this record it is stated that " more than 1,000 officers and soldiers were killed and wounlded" in the Indian fighiting of that period. Four hundred battles and skirmishes were fought with Indians in the fourteen years. In answer to. a resolution of inquiry from the Senate, 1886, the Secretary of War stated the total cost of the troopis in the Indian country from 1867 to 1880 hadbeen 223,801,264.5i0dol. In . 1868 and 1869 there was a lively Indian war in what is now the Indian Territory and Okla homa. Between 1862 and 1868 there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south. west. On the 2nd of Msarch, 1868, this war to punish the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Com. manches began. It ended on the 9th of Feb. ruary following. Three hundred and fifty three officers, soldiers, and citizens were killed, wounded, or captured int tihe 11 montjs' caml paign. The Indian loss was 319 killed, 289 wounded, and 58 captured. The actual field operations during the 11 months cost 1,056,51557do1. Thle olldoc war in the lava beds cost the army 111 soldiers killed or wounded. The chief incident of this campaign was the assa' sination of General Canby. Seventeen citizens were killed and wounded. The record which was sentto the Senate by the War Department says: "No Indians reported killed." So far as losses were concerned, the Indians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of 1876 cost, for the actual field expenses, 2,312,53ldol. But the campaign was chiefly notable for the Custer massacre. The army loss was 283 killed and 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only 85. Had Sibley's policy toward the Sioux been continued, Sitting Bull and other Sioux leaders would have ornamented gallows-trees and there would be no ghost dancing to- day. The Custer masseecre was never atoned for. The guns which the Indians took from the soldiers are still in their possession. Thie Nez Perces war of 1877 lasted three molnthls. and cost D31,32S'l2dol. The 'ez Pcrces lived in c valley in eastern Oregon. They occupied land which, fron its extraordinary fecr tilitv and cdarptability for irrigation, is 0now worth from codol. to 73dol. an acre. That ought to be sufficientl explhcntions of tlce way hostilities came about. Two bad white men killed a good Indian. Two bad Inldians killed a good white maun. Troops wcreo sent to tile Ncz P-rces' camp, and were Whiplped with a loss of a lioutenant and 33 soldiers. Thens fol lowed the c ez Perees war. Geeneral tHoward followed Ihe Nez Peorces over 1,.100 miles, and then failed to be ini at " thie death." Miles, iwho is nowa attending to tihe Siouxl fell on Chief Joseph and his Ianld in tile vicintty of the Nationalc Park. lie killed six clhiefs ancd a lot of warriors, indl captured all the otiler. The wild-u.p was on 30th of September. Howard came up wit his advacnco guard just after the victory was won. III thlt campaign 2-1l oflicors and soldiers were killed and wounded. Twelve citzens rweeo killed. The Indian loss was 168. The Bannlock war of 1878 was a small affair. It only cost 555,03Gtldoi. ~Vlhen it was ended the record showed a loss of 2-I to thie carmy, 30 citizens murdered, and 7I Indians killed. The Northern Cheyecnne outbreak in 1879 entailed a loss on thle army of 32 killed and wounded. N'o Indians were reported killed. Since 1882 the oGly Iodian lighting Ilas been with lthe little squads of Apanches in Arizona and Neow Mexico. For every Apache run down and killed or captured tihe Governuoment is said to have spent 100,000dol. IIere (says the llrl all Gs'azette) is a plot for Oaboriau from reallifo. About two vents ago an outrmge was committed in Casadaesisni lar to one whcICh has just raised a storm of fuTy in thie north. Tile growe.up danighter of a Coingregational minister ii.thle Eastern town shics -as waylaid wl-oe going lhomeo aloneg a dark country road at night, cand was foully nes saultoed and murdered.- Wloen her body was found next morning ic a mill-pond close by, the postcmortem revealedl tihe plein imprint of two fingers on her thlroat. Blutthe fingers were not nelghblours-the point of the middle fluger seemed to have left no mark. Large rewards were offered; but withlout effect. Vithlin the last few months a fugitive criminal from tIhe States, who under an alia hlad been playing the part of minister of the Gospel for sevencears snavillage in the same township, was fouunS out and expelled. After Ihe had departed fore- - Australia it was remembered that one of. his -" fingers was always riiid, in consequence of a wound received duriug the Civil War, and this coincidence is likely to bring him into court on. the capital charge d ho can bo founud. 