TUMBLED INTO A FORTUNE. p3v L.u-:v C. Lu.r.iE, iu Harper's Yo::ny People] (Colluded, i 'Will he be a very old man':' Stan was c:i qi.virjjig of Jim about five o'clock. Stan's I'lcad. freckled countenance had worn a, peculiarly preoccupied bat smiling expression for an hour past. At present he was lounging in the window of the ?'best'3 parlor, wliiciJ Jim had aired and dusted, wliile Ekta had rifled the garden of every bit of its earJy_bloozn to fill the jars and vases on tables and chimney piece. _ -jxooicsse oblige, uim iiaa quoted, witn a little air of superiority. Miss Major, the lady who lived next door, aud who was Jim's ide^l, oracle, and divinity, had ;explained the mean ing of the term to her, ' It is our place,' .Tim. said now, as, duster in hand, she paused in the centre of the room to survey her work, ' to show him how polite and attentive we Seatons always are to our guests, even if they choose to be mean and grasping. Now, Stan, do go and clean your boots. Mr. Wilson may be here on the next train, and you know uncle can't be here before 7, so we shall have to entertain him.' ' Oh. ' he'll be entertained, I guess,' re marked Stans as he left the room. ' Xo fear of that.' Jim and Elsie, in their best dresses, were seated with an air of careless ease in the parlor ?when at five o'clock young Wilson made his way up the box walk to the front door, where his 'rat-tat-tat'on the great brass knocker seemed to him to echo through limitless space. A moment later he found himself being ushered by a dignined-looldng old woman in a clean cap and apron into a parlor full of soft spring sunshine, flowers, and dim old-fashioned elegancies of furniture and drapery, while two ' slips of girls,' as he called them, came for ward to receive him with great courtesy, but a look of almost dismay on their faces. It was Jim, of course, who first recovered presence of mind. 'Why, is this Mr. Wilson?' she asked, a smile lighting her clear dark face and making it really pretty. 'We thought you were old,' she added, a little shyly. *' Oh, I'm not my uncle,' laughed the young man, gaily; and he explained why he had been sent in his uncle's place. ' What a jolly old place it is, to be sure !*' youne Wilson was saying a moment later, and Jim, with a quick blush, answered — ' Would you like to walk about the garden before supper?' She had felt disposed to bs very friendly a little while ago, but now the thought that he had come to place a value on everything made her freeze up again. 'It's warm for the season,' Elsie said, in her pleasant voice, as they conducted the stranger down the garden paths towards the vacant stables ; we don't do much gardening', though, as you can see.' 'Mo,:- said Jim, in her downright way. 'There was a time when the Seatons' garden was the boast of the country, Uncle James ?CilTTQ 'lint: TV**™*'*! +*'*!'» tij-irw 4-.-\ l^aaii (ynwi?r.n/-.ii? now.' Young Wilson looked with mute sympathy at the proud sad face of the girl beside him. There was something infinitely miserable and touching, too, to him about robbing these people of the home that was so dear to theai. He said to himself he would not like to meet Jim's eyes the Gay his uncle's ' old grudge' was paid with interest, and then as they all stood among the tangled 'happy- gc- lueky' 'flower-beds, lie turned to] {survey the fine old house. The sunset lights gleamed on its. many window-panes, daliced gaily along the vines that half-covered the oldest portion, the wing in which the haunted chamber was situated. He had been conducted by Stan to his room before they came out to the garden, and that cheerful young person had taken a malicious satisfaction in telling him the grim tradition connected with it. ' So that room up there among the ivy is haunted, eh ?' he said, smiling, as he turned to find Jim's wistful gaze fixed on the old mansion. ' Ye.«, so they say,' Jim assented. ' I wonder why there is only that one large window V' he remarked. 'There seems to be plenty of room for another, and it is at the end of the house, you see ; it must have a very thick wall,' he added. 'Wasn't there a window-tax then or some thing ':' said Elsie. Mr. Wilson said he thought that might account for it, and when they were at supper he repeated the question to Captain Seaton, who had returned just in time_ for the evening meal. Jim was so absorbed in her duties as hostess, so keenly anxious lest the supper should not prove satisfactory that she scarcely heeded what her uncle answered. She caught some thing about ' the place was walled up I believe in revolutionary days,' then came to herself and a keener interest in the subject as she heard her uncle saying — '3Iy cousin, from whom the place came to Tn*» iiQtfw^ i-fi our t.tipf. in Ti7Q rprv T7r»n«fr /lotra there was a story of an English officer being concealed in a cupboard in that room for a week, but there is not the vestige of a cupboard now anywhere.' 'Miss Major knows something about that, uncle,' Elsie interposed. 'Just what, I don't quite remember. We must ask her.' After supper Jim and Elsie spent a very miserable half-hour in the iiarlor, while their uncle and guest were closeted in the study. There was no need to ask any questions when 1 ? i n«-_ -¥ir;i ? = - ? a -i-i ? j* ? *r i ? uncle's face had looked sad that morning to Jim it was doubly harassed now, and with good reason. Gently, kindly, as it could ba done, young Wilson had told the captain what he must expect ; and while the girls did their best to seem natural and make a show of enter taining their unwelcome guest, poor Jim's eyes woiild stray to her uncle's face, with a ghost of a pitiful little smile, reading clearly what he was suffering. IT' So this a haunted room,' thought young Wilson as, about ten o'clock, he found himself alone in the large room with its faded hangings and dim-shining' furniture. 'I've always wondered how it fult to deep among ghosts, now I shall know.' Two tall candles burned in silver candlesticks of antique pattern on the bureau, and as Joe prepared for bed he debated shamefacedly as to whether or not he should leave one lighted. But even alone he felt that it was unbec-omiug iiis UHe-auu-iweuiy years to ue airaid Or trio dark even in .i haunted room, and finally he decided to leave a candle aud a box of matches close at hand on the small table just at the head of his bed. Then he composed himself in the great '' four-poster' and tried to feel happy over the prospect or seeing a ghost. Who was it ? he wondered. From his uncle he had heard of the former greatness and splendor of t'iis rambling, fa-rt-dosaying oM mansion. 'Where or how had the wealth of the Seatons vanished'? Long ago, old Silas Wilson knew, they owned valuable lands in the western part of the country, there had been some trouble he knew over the title-deeds, and all of that land had melted from the grasp of Captain Seaton's old cousin. What a bright pair of girls Jim and ELsie were. How his sister Nora would like them. So jumbling all manner of thing3 together Joe gradually fell into dreamland and heavy slumber. Creak, cre;ik, creak went the heavy old door, Somewhere down the hall or on the stairs Cap tain Seaton's guest heard a cloc-k strike one as hn rubbed his eyes and moved on his pillow. Who or what was at the door ? A queer lurid light came from somewhere— moved towards him ; a figure in white was advancing. Joe sab upright in bed, and at the same moment a hand was outstn/tehed and laid icy cold on his arm. Whether an instant or an hour passed in dead, dumb silence and fright beyond de scription Joe Wilson could never coherently 1*^11 ? J-mf o4- loo*- nt- +Vi-a 44oTno_/^rtlr«'/ir1 fnr»«- 4~if the sjrectre drew nearer and nearer, he made a superhuman effort, and, uttering a wild yell, sprang from his bed, and clatter, bang, down went something as he tried to reach the door. His whole weight aud the secretary he had knocked over came against what seemed the wall, and the next moment he found himself tumbling i*?to cold darkness somewhere- it was not in the room, he felt sure ; but something had fallen onhis shoulder, and lie knew no more. ' - )h, Uncle James, what has happened to himV'' ?Joe opened his eyes feebly, only half con S'.-ior.s of .1 im's voice and words. we was Jying in what iooivea nice a lar^e dark closet or recess, and over him, lamp in hand, stood Captain rteaton, Jim, and Elsie, and oven old Susan, being gathered around. No one, however, had seen a swift-flying figure, with marks of phosphorus on its fa23 and hands, as Master Stan ton scudded away to his own apartment. Joe felt himself being lifted up by .tlie stalivart captain and laid on his bed and warmly coverel. Jim and Elsie in the hall were whispering and wondering together, and presently old Susan, Iculdng very mysterious and important, came o:it. ' He says he must have dreamed something and jumped up,' the old woman explained. ?' But, my dear, see how the Lord works all things for the best When I was a mere child I've heard my mother tell of a seeret cupboard in that roouij but I never took more stosk in it than in the ghost story. !Now it's that spring door he burst open when he fell against it !' And strange as it may seem so it proved. Long ago when, as old Susan said, the house stood on 'neutral {ground,' aud was in conss qiience subject to invasion from stragglers or regiments on both sides, this cupboard in the luiuiiuju room iiaa oeen ^riituseu wuh «, »ijhju£ door, which would yield only by pressurs at a certain point known to the Ralph Seaton of that day and his wife and eldest son. Time and again it had served its purpose and saved lives as wvll as valuables, and now it could only foe siirmised that owing to old Squire Seaton's sudden death, when the oaptiin's cousin w.as a young roan, tlie secret of the -ioriag door luid never been revealed. He had been an eccentric, miserly old mail, and doubt less en.ioved the sense of having a seaswe Mding-place for certain effects known to no \Ji.liTl. IlUUIiLU Will, 'Jim,' .said the captain, as in the giuy of that May morning he and his little nieee stoo 1 together in the 'best' parlor, where the fragrance of yesterday's blossoms Tvas on tli3 air — always later associated with ihat wonder ful night and morning in Jim Seaton's mind — '(Sod has been wonderfully good to n=, my dear. We are not, after all, to lose the old place.' The captain's fine, thin face glowed, aud he rested one of his hands ou Jim's shoulder. ' 8tan shall go to college and you shall have a governess or whatever you like, little woman, for that was a lucky tumble of young Wilson's. The deeds to all the West over property, and other tilings besides, are in that old cupboard.' Joe Wilson's shoulder was not badly hurt, but it gave him an excuse for remaining a day or two at The Maples. Stan, of course, con fessed to having yielded to a temptation to 'scare Mr. Wilson's nephew out of want ing the house,' and assisted by the phosphorus of matches, aud a piece of ice to hold in his hand, had played his part, as we have seen, with even unlooked-for success, and in the general rejoicing over the result no one thought of laughing at Joe for his passing fright, although Stan never quite forgot it and declared, like Brer Rabbit, he often in dulged in a ' dry spell o' de grins when it cams uauh. l\j iu.ui, . jju.1 iicuuiriy uuv a )tui. It was a joyful task to write old Silas the re sult of his acting as his agent in the matter of the mortgage ; and when the cupboard was ransacked, aud some Iraudreds of dollars in gold, together with the long-lost 'Seaton emeralds,' brought to light ; when the litiga tion over the Westover property was promptly ended, and the captain 'came into his own again' — no heartier well-wisher had he than the old miser's nephew and former clerk. By that time, however, he and his sister Nora were regular visitors at The Maples, and when the story was told me by Jim herself we were all sitting on the well-eared-for lawn, and she had only to regret that when Joe and Elsie were married the week following they would have to be absent from 'home' half the year, his business taking him to Mexico for six months out of the twelve. 'But, of course,' concluded Jim, 'if anyone had a right to ask for Elsie it would be Joe, who tumbled right into what made Uncle James's fortune.' 