MR. ANDREW LANG'S YOUTH- FUL READING. (FROM SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE.) FIRST BOOKS. The first books which vividly impressed me were, naturally, fairy tales and cheap books about Robert Bruce, William Wallace, and Rob Roy. At that time these little tracts could bought for a penny apiece. I can still see Bruce and Wallace in full armour dis- coursing across a burn, and Rob Roy slipping from the soldier's horse into the stream. They did not then awaken a precocious patriotism; a boy of five is more at home in Fairyland than in his own country. The sudden appearance of the White Cat as a queen, after her head was cut off; the fiendish malice of the Yellow Dwarf, the strange cake of crocodile eggs and millet seed which the mother of the Princess Frutilla made for the Fairy of the Desert— these things all fresh and astonishing, but certainly to be credited, are my first memo- ries of romance. One story of a White Ser- pent, with a woodcut of that mysterious reptile, I neglected to secure, probably for want of a penny, and I have regretted it ever since. ANOTHER PARADISE. We went from the Border to the South of England when the number of my years was six, and in England we found another paradise, a circulating library with brown, greasy, ill-printed, odd volumes of Shakspeare and of the Arabian Nights. Fragments of "The Tempest" and of other plays remain stranded in my memory from these are i lines Ferdinand mci Mraiula at chess deep ma curtin,, the mess over the case in the bank at or lies the Emu and the Apothecary horses on the Hills walls a vision of Casa miss m w Into muslin with red hair classic temple Lord id club ItPii to cutting out that I ii sure this one lost and that even in our mining;, tin musicians Since so beau I lines no nothing west to in a world of Ijoiutitiil visions half realise 1 THE WIZARD OF THE NORTH. We left England in a year, went back to Scotland, and awoke, as it were, to know the glories of our birth. We were told about Sir Walter, how great he was, how good, how, like Napoleon, his evil destiny found him at last, and he wore his heart was a) t showers s s ike And w e were used the In) and the Bills of the life Otlu r uni better boys I learn find Scott loss ] itinerating in) boys' I trials matches wits hist mounts of the sun c um it beat trout de Dieu! the assault on his estate the tournament to other toni n ment at ed apply At lilian Do) It year!) daring has attempt, d to enter the lists but he is in here Ralph the Ilospitallei text I think in offer of delight came Quentin Dili in and especially the hero of the seal whose mine Linden is could not remember Quentin's uncle Thin The Black Death and Dugald our dear Kittmeister I could not reach it on They then nor lately) was not till this very year Now Di Vernon is the lad) for one-time queen of fiction the peel less the 1 case the tender and true n hatch no I had already enjoyed RID of Ihnckerin reading, of a venture in Vastly late about the battle of Waterloo Ihiickeruv Blunno the thief enchanter then The Hotel and the mi came out It was worth a title to be twelve years old when the l Christmas hookssseievviitteiibs Dickinsnnd line was I got hold of his Rat, and he Um I know and of the Christmas Cat c, when they were damp from the press king v stores, and Bulbs and Hughes were even more delightful than Scrooge and the) line, and frosty A'ick One remembers the fairy monarch more vividly at the wondrous array of egg cups from which he sipped blended wins it adit Nantes still going on sipping, I am sorry) to say even after Valoroso was Finish It usual lines will find our) school s I suppose Pindanni was the favourite. HOMER AND BOOKS THAT BROUGHT TEARS. Elsewhere I have tried describe the vivid delight of first reading Homer- delight, by the way, which St Augustine failed to appre- ciate. Most boys not wholly immersed in dulness felt it, I think; to myself, for one, Homer was the real beginning of study. Herodotus was a charming and humorous storyteller, and, as for Thucydides, his account of the Sicilian Expedition and its ending was one of the very rare things in literature which almost, if not quite, brought tears into one's eyes. Few passages, indeed, have done that, and they are curiously dis- crepant. The first book that ever made me cry, of which feat I was horribly ashamed was Lucie 'Jams Cabin with the death of > s u, lost) a friend Then it was trying a left Colonel Newcomb said Adsum, and the end of Socrates in the Phœdo moved one more than seemed becoming—these, and a passage in the history of Skalagrim Lamb's Tail, and, as I said, the ruin of the Athenians in the Syracussan Bay. TUPPER AND TENNYSON. When a child I was told that a poet was coming to a house in the Highlands, where we chanced to be, a poet named Tennyson. Previously one had only heard of Mr. Ten- nyson as a name. " Is he a poet like Sir Walter Scott?" I remember asking, and was told, " No, he was not like Sir Walter Scott." Hearing no more of him, I was prowling among the books in an ancient house, a rambling old place with a ghost-room, where I found Tupper, and could not get on with Proverbial Philosophy. Next I tried Tenny- son, and instantly a new light of poetry dawned, a new music was audible, a new god came into my medley of a Pantheon, a god never to be dethroned. "Men scarcely know how beautiful tire is," Shelley says. I am convinced that we scarcely know how great a poet Lord Tennyson is; use has made him too familiar. 