A MURDER ON THE EVE OF ST. JOHN. A WEIHJ) GHOST STOKY FKOJI SWITZERLAND. There is an excellent ghost story in the July number of BUirkirood. It is called the 'ISw of St. John in a Deserted Chfilet,' and is tokl by l-'rank Cowpcr as a marvellous experience thn/ugb. which he passed on a little plateau hidden from t!:e Luke of Geneva, bui suffi ciently near to be visible from t1.'.-?- hotel of Territct. The story is. briefly as follows :— High in tlie hills around Lake Geneva, Frank Cowper, belated, found himself at mid night beside a ruined chalet, on the Eve of St. JoLu. CoM, weary, and faint from loss of Wood by a fall, ho sought refuga within. There was a dank, horrible sun-)] inside the chalet, and the light which Ik had seen in the window as lie entered it disap peared, doping in tiie darkness his foot, kicked against a bundle*, whiuh ho took to lie a bmnlie ot sticks or twigs. He sat down upon it and thu twigs, or what he thought t- b^ twigs, cracked and broke under his weight. Just as he was nodding off to sleep something colt1, tiu'.-qx'd his hand and held it as cold a-s jcf. :J1' A low, unearthly, far- away laugh — a laugh so fuli of blood-curdling, heartless, cruel, mocking devilry, such as 1 never heard before, and 1 hope ik-vct to hc-ar again, broke the dcsitl silence. At the same time a shadow si emed to pass between me and the pale light which marked the other window/' As iie .sat there with his hand fast as with paralysis, the twigs in the sauk on whiih he was sitting crackled when he moved, and ;-. pale phosphorescent glow which he had noticed on entering the chalet seemed brighter ovei the sack than elsewhere. There was a grs.-it tub in the corner, a kind of tub whiuh lie had never seen before. Hs looked cl-JS3r at the sack, and notice-d what looked like thr.i long twigs lying almost across it ; he looke i closer still, and to his horror he saw they w^rv the emaciated lingers of what was almost a skeleton. Springing up in horror, his foot kicked the sack, and the skull rolled out on the floor. lSut there was worse to follow :— ' I started up, and would have rushed from . the Imt. . . . '(jood heavens; what is , that*'1 I gasped, as, instead of stepping for ward 1 c-lii-jink back in gieate-i- horror. A tig'iro was e;!-.ering tins h^it. A v.-iz'-n decrepit figure staggering uni'.-i1 | a heavy I'Ki'l. It nia- le no s'-und as iL | c:\niein. 1 L-tml.l not see its face. Tin lo.id on j its back seemed to be alive. It stirr-jd an-i ' writhed .t.= il lav across the shoulder of it-- j bearer. Tin; liyw oiiiic .;io« to me. As k ! stepped nver the sack the !--a:;it; Ji.-v-rible, blool- | cniiiJiiijr, enie! ):-?:: la:ig!i or «.: juiik'e grated on the s-iJeuei-. it, pai.'..--.;' I aud looked up. Cm any woros. describo that fau'.:, ihe c.\pnr.-!sion, i vender'' Malig'iant, gi- atifiV-d hate, the cniil sir.il-.- -'f s dangei-c.i.-; hiuutic. cunning n;id dia bolical ; ihc f(.-r.)eii;y of a brutal niuivler-.-r, w«r« aV, in that awful fac-c-. The f:TM o! a man long -';cinl, «n!in:'ii:J, 'i'-W; blii'jk, a:i 1 i-i-p'-iN-ive, liki t iie i:.rii.':iii s ;:i the Uiuiua- -.-*' c:io H m;-: :-? oi' St. i.'-\ri!:=i(i. J iie iii'.ui-i; ji-t-^ed -j;i. is \v- -it r-,w-i('r ;!:?; iii;j:-' i,;i: i:i til' oornvr. T;v? iiuwr.otittdlortlieiirsLtiRiothaia v.-.jji1 -_j-j.;i;J to cui-1 r.p and float over the great cauldron. The figure, with its still feebly moving burden, had vt-acln'-d tlie comer. Silently it came up to the tr.b. Tho burden twitc-hed convulsively. There was a heave. The vapor seemed suddenly agitated, and tbe figure remained alone, in te-ntly watching the interior of the tub. The vibrating of the huge vessel and the twisting vapor told of some frightful contortions within. }3\it r.ll was silent as the grave. I could stand it no longf-r. I rushed to the door.' Notwithstanding this terrible experience Mr. Cowper managed to return to the chalet and go to sleep, which says a great deal for the sitrengtn of his nerves. When he awoke he remembered what he had seen, as if in a horrible dream, but in the light of day he saw the ghastly hands and the grinning skull. He went to examine the gigantic wooden vessel, and in it he found another skeleton. The head had fallen off, and was lying at the side of a heap of mouldering bones. ±Ie hur ried down to tlie lake and came upon two peasants, who upon hearing that he had passed the night in the eMlet asked him if he had seen a ghost. He asked them why the chalet was left neglected. They told him that it had once belonged to a fairly well-to-do peasant : — 'The husband's life was v.-retcned. The i dov.aiiicr was young, big, brutal. The husband ; was £mal], old, cunning. It was when the i cattle had gone to the mountains. Tii^re was a very good path up there then. Pieirocli and his wife, had gone lip to their c-hillet with thoir 1 cows. ' It was ju&t; such a night as last nigiit, and it was— v. hy, it ia ths Feast of St. .}\\}\m I to-day :' and the two peasants looked at each other and nodded Mgnificantly. The iloitanicr was seen climbingthemonntainpath. He never was seen r.gain. Xor were 1'ierroch or his wife ever heard of after. The chalet was visited a week later, but nothing was fo;uid. The huge tub was full of water as usual. For there was no water up there, and that made the pasture less useful than it would liave | been. All the water for the cattle had to ba accumulated in that large tub, either from the snow or the rain. All was in fairly good order, j A sackful of hay lay on the floor of the stall. Tlie few cows Kerroch possessed had all dis appeared, and the door stood wide open. Kothing more was ever heard of any one of the three. Since then the place bore an evil name. It was called the ' Uevenauts,' aud no ono ever went there now. Only on St. John's Eve a ; light was always seen.' j 