SOCIAL CHAT. (BT , WIDKAWAKE.) It is a gO »d who'esotne sign when .we find such a pa|ier "as the Siliitfrt Aqe devoting about a column an^ i three quarters of a leader, althV it | is non s^nsical and beg itten of ignor- I ance, to the Single Tax. In this brilliant production of the I8th, a <-opv of which was sent me by a kind friend as a s irtjof treasure trove and a literary curiosity—I found a marked article headed " The Single Tax Ghost." The learned scribe found it' necessary to spin off .balderdasb to the extent indicated in order to try to lay the ghost—a token that it is a #ood substantial ghost anyhow. Of c 'urse, as might be expected from a bitter opponent of the Single Tax the most extravagant, lying nonsense is indulged in. For instancej it is said the Single Tax ia bringing a curse on South Australia, whereas .the, real truth is that this tax. of eqnality and justice is about "to banish the blighting, danining curse of monopoly which is pasting colony and making the bulk of its people slaves who must go abmitidle unless they can find some of their fellow creatures who will set them to work. . As might be, expected, again, Single Taxers are called by the choicest epithets that can 1 coined or fished up from the mud y waters of abuse and" Billmgsga^. Single Taxei-s are told that their scheme is the product of diseased imaginations, turned .brains, distorted reasoning,ptc, etc. All this is a clear admission of "no case, abuse tie other side." All such weighty and convincing arguments have ^been showered on Singh JTaxors for the last few veai-s and they have survived to so much purpose as to call forth maniacal ravings from paid hirelings who write to order under the anomymous shelter of ."we," But the just reform is 'rapidly coming. It 4s already in the range of practical' politics in this colony. ' What, is the halfpenny tax on unimproved land d values if not an instalment P What is the meaning of the loud cry and demand for the optional power to Corporations to assess unimproved land values ? What does the move in the New Zealand Legislature mean? What, does a similar movement betoken in the London County Couucil ? O ! Yes,:the just system is coining all the faster -for the interested oppf s i,ion offered to it. Such oppnsitioir-""ntighfe-Bat-araUy" be expected, for a ' great, wrong always dies liarfl, and- the great wrong which has enahled the few o live in ea -e. and luxury at. the expense iof the toiliug many, will make a. determined struggle " for existence, but the fall must coirie with the; enlightenment .fu^.-ppftting 0\. 'thfe enslaved, hoodwinked, enhau,ted j masses. The''principle; Seing faf;t.Teo<>guised ^hat there is all tie difference in the world "between property, the produce, and outcome^of labor applied to la id, and fcl.ifc natural element, land, which is n'icessary to all life and which is rnot of hnm-ir production, bnt,the^giatnitons offering nature, The.^e scribblei- may lampoon, and lie, and misrepresent as .much as . he may please, and justici will be done in spite of his opposition. Pe "trg;vts his readers to some delasiye figures given by Carnegie. Lejb them be contrasted with these, and the staterimnt, in wh «'i they appear in Social Problems, a better kno wn-work than monopolist. Carnegie. " It has been tated on the.authority of the United StaJ.es Census Bureau that the average size frf farms is decreasing; in he United States. This ,statement s not bnly in pons i steri? . withyifacts obvionsj all over the United" Spates,; and with the tendencies' of'agriculture in hther countries, sucH'as Great jJi^ifcain, but. it" is, iricbhsrsterit with tlie ietarns fnrtiisHed "by the Cafishs Bureau itself. According to the c compendium of the Tenth Census, f fcbe increase iii the number if farms c the United^'tfli^s* during tlie^de o i ^ bptr ween - ,1870 - -and- X88Q~ was hout 50 percent,, and the returns in a hp eight classes offartas enumerated how a steady diminution in v the sized farms and a steady increase in the Jaj^er. tlfe cla*® v under three acres the deci- eastJduring he decade was about. 3,7,, pec cent.;, etween three and ten k^reS khout 1 "per cen f /; between ten aud twentyacres about 14 per • cent j .between and fifty acres sooicjhing Jess than 9 per cent ; witji.;,the.. class between 50,and.100 apres- the irtcrease begins,},amounting in .tins class to about. 37 per ^ent. In the next* class, between 100 >).nd 500. iuhos, the inerease, is nearly zOO per cent. Ip the i l class [between 300 and IJ^OO aicres^ the largest given, it atijpunts to almost 700 per cent. Instead of the Census -rewnw-giviag.—Any.. ga»und : for the assertion that, the average size of farms in We 1 XEnifed Stipes dpclined from 153 acres, in 1870 tc 134 acrcs in 1880',' -detailed exjiminatioii of them pi-oves, what common observation shows, that there has b'-en a great, increase in average size. The incootegtajjle-foctis that, 1 ikeevery thing else, the ownership T)f ^and is c>ncontratiingi—and- iaraiir.g-4ias—assumed a large scale. This is due to the i in prove mepts ' jn . Sgrio^jtmcal machinery, which make farming a business requiring more capital, pv the enhanced value of land,'to the changes pj->xluced by. railways, and the advantage which Kpeclil rales. give the large over, the small-,.pj-d-- ducer. That it i^ an accelerating, .teiidenoytheie is.noquestion. Thenew era in farming .is j est beginning, and whatever be its gain§ it involves <.the rednctiori of the great, body of,Aiuericin farmors to the ranks of tenants or laAiorerc. Thtie are no jneaus of a " a l w ? l discoveiing the inerc^se of tenant farmers in the United States, as no returns as- to tenantry were-> made -prim- to Ihb flarit ;ceusus; "but that shows that thewr were in the United States In 1830 no less t'aan 1,021,601 tenhnt tarmei-s- [the total numder of lai-meis and planters is given at 4,225,945.) If, in addition to this, we;coufd get at the number of farmers nominallj owning their own land, bat who are in reality paying rentin the shkpe of interest on morioles, the i-esult would be astound- Oar learned editor will see fiat th^re are figures and fi^, n es, and that he is simply fit tor langiiin at in saying that Carnegie " cuts the very foundation of Mr. George's book froni under him.*' •» The very foundation of George's book !" What a profound acquaintance this displays on the jiart of the Silver AijSs literary tafik in regards to any of George'sr-works i^ Then as to how" min^s.tvould be dea,lt with unJer the Single Ta^our editor shows that, he kopws; nothing about it. The rich mine w&uId; -certainly . not pay as little as the poor mine, just as valuable landi minus a mine, would not pay ^.s much as less'valuable land. They won Id al l pay in proportion to their vainie and there wonl^ be a just recognition of the principle that the community should share in the wealth -placed in the earth by the All-Wise.; The owners of a mine would pay to the community at large the ^alue of the natural advantages and M the community would be benefitted; There not being so much natural advantage in a poor mine it would uot be required to pay so much as a rich mine . The editorial " we" might give himself with advantage a little trouble and look into a system before, hp attacks .it, otherwise he will pass for an ignoramus. . But, to use our editors' own words, I would conclude by saying that his silly mear.derings " are " such utter fnbbish : that ,.we;ialmost feel it our dnty t/o . apologise to our readers for , - •„-. 