CHAPTER VHL LORD OF AiDEltBODOER AT LAST. On the deck of the Canard steamer, twenty miles oat, the rain pouring in torrents, stood Dunnieton. Hie cap was thrust back from his forehead, and all the damp, rich locks were hidden. For the fiist time-in twenty four home he breathed'freely. He had teen a dose prisoner in hiB state-room. Whether or not Isoline Hnntley was on board he had no means of knowing, though he bad listened in feverish anxiety for the sound of her voice, fancying it might reach him. He had not been in the cabin yet. The greenish white water churned into foam by the screw of the great steamer had long ago changed its quiet for the deep swell outside. The sky was steely grey, with not a cloud in sight. * The : aJ^rlnE?c- Wet' E'!|PF":'iy> and solitary. Here appearance on the tain stood motionless on the bridge: the steersman bent his shoulders to the exigen cies of the hour, and Danniston, wearjiog of fhsmonolouy. turned to go down, when he noticed a cloaked and hooded ligure com ing on. ... r'or a moment ha heart beat almost to suffoaation. The hat, the veil, the water proof were all like Isolene'e, but then hats, and veils, and waterproofs are to much alike. He stood aside as she gained the upper deck. The voice was familiar. " Oh, Mr. DuoDistou!" But it was not Isoline'e. " It was so close down there it nearly made me sick. Oh, 1 am so glad to see you 1 All our party are here but Isoline." He put up his hand to lift his cap that she might not see the change in his face. Cut she heard him utter: " Good Heaven !" be tween his teeth. " I knew you would be sorry to hear that," she said, with a curious little laugh. "So you see you will he obliged to be contented with the company of the planet's satellites instead of the planet herself. Too bad, for we can not possibly console you." " Don't bis too sure, Miss Laura. But I —I thought it was all arranged. " So it was. The great luminary has done nothing for Bix week but study maps of the Continent—bleas you she knows all Europe ; no need for her to go there. But all at once sbesBys 'girls, 1 shan't go!" and nothing we could say or do seemed to shake her reso lution—neither for a long time would she give the ghost of a reason. Betty found out 1 didn't—that she had received a foreign letter the day before. Whether that had any ting to do with it or not, I can't tell." Again a chock that shook the man to the very centre of his being. He bad dared all, risked bis very soul, and thie was the result, So far, Isolene was loBtl " Give me your arm, won't you, Mr. Dun nieton ? I declare, it is the first time that J ever had to &Bk; that favor of a gentleman," and Was Laura laughed again in her own stealthy way. "Ibeg ten thousand pardons—I—I have been travelling ail night." "Ah, that is sufficient apology. I know nothing that will make me so absent- minded as loss of sleep. You are forgiven." Together they paced the deck till the rising wind and the ubftesdy motion of the vessel made it desirable that the cabin should be gained, and Miss Laura clang to her con ductor in a way that might have flattered some men, brilliant and pretty as she was. In the cabin the ladies fluttered round him, each one solicitous to secure him. Walter Dunnieton was esteemed a catch. Was he not next door to a title ? .But among all the ladies, only one followed bis move ments with jealous, heart- breaking glanceB. That was Laura VeschoS^ehe who bad just come from the upper deck,-$ Polish girl, un scrupulous, daring, and intellectual. Before he had met Isoline Huntley, he had almost declared his preference for her, and she had given her whole heart to him—in a word was madly in love. By some adroit management she lured him into a corner. " I could tell you, if I chose, something of that letter," she said, agth downcast eyes; bnt mind, it was not told to me by Isoline." She saw the only way in which she could interest him was to talk about Isoline. He turned to her, bent bis whole attention to winning her confidence. His smile dazzled her; the tonch of his hand, car essing hers, thrilled her. " Mr. Dnnni eton," she said, abrnptly, " were you ever married?" He had not expected this question, and it took all the latent power he was master olto keep hie countenance unmoved. " And what if 1 were?" he queried, coolly, " would that be the unpardonable sin in Mies Isolene's eves ?" y°a* mte\ere,,1 ed a* the wotdB— been ^'mderin'^l/^e r°.aae '• PrBy who has not imagine tharr*"8 ^'58 Huntley '"'''•Sn/'iiiu ■ iuruel aetsSai a»« one p, two tuovy MisB.Laara. bat itieliaig^Ug-big aide had hind]your back, harder still tolhSFlBBr yonrdnezida believe it." ■■' wen there is no truth in it whatever 7" she asked, fisshisg again. " Hal! truth," he replied, with bis usual serenity. • I have been married, but my wife ib dead.'' - * His voice had groWi hoarse and low He was conscious nt an inward trembling, a body S atfaing ot himself, of every " Oh, that accounts for it," said Miss Laura, drawing a long breath. "After all, one meat blame laoiene a little. Do you know, were I loved, all the world couid not make me think hi of the beloved." This she said looking into his faoe with dewy, dark eyes, her bright mouth a little unsteady, the long lashes curling against her brows. " ^°.V?pon my Pocl1 dotfi think you — would he responded, with a glance of nn -amsep>hiad_admii-ati0n. j l'or inooths she had bcen'loccous that glance, and ia vain, i "I wonder if he's going to flirt with me ; through the voyage, to console himself I" was ; her thought. ' "1 wish te Heaven this girl had decline's ; for,tu^e,!" was !"'s thought, and then he looked down and sighed. II he could only have seen isoline before his departure, that once miuht have been his | golden opportunity; but now she was still free, and all the world was courting her. "Time to dress for dinner!" said Mies Laura, gayly, conscious that for a proper toilet all the braids and papillottes must coma down that were now snpgbr. irwfcwt— away under her bat- - ■l'oK&nately; I am not-one or the victims of mal de titer—am you 7" ' " I am never eea-eick," he said. " Then we must be friends on this voyage ewom to put up wilk all the dullness and' monotony, never to get angry at carde, and never to miss a meal. Au revolr !" " After all." mussd D«oniston,as he turned away," I believe I always liked Miss Laura best; and as it is " He frowned, and pressed his lips together. Perhaps a a vision came before him of itrle white hand. Hurrying to his state-room, he made a few changes in dress, and threw himself moodily on the sofa, under the bull's-eye. A paper that had been thrown upon the floor after serving the use of a wrapper, attracted his attention. He took it up. The date was a fresh one. " Ah I maybe this is the paper. I don't think I've looked at the newspapers for a week. Curious I didn't aek Redden the date o! his news. He's an addle- brained fellow anyway." He went over the paper patiently. It was of that day's_ date. Suddenly, just before he turned to his last page, he uttered a loud cry, and sprang to his feet with an almost frenzied motion. Hib eyes gleamed, opening to their widest extent; his face changed all over—grew for a moment flushed, then darkened, and he dropped like a log on his Seat. In that paper he had read of the unez the only person who etood thu^611 m aDQ —^^ naragraph read "We regret to state that Lord Donnistoa died on Sunday, at his residence—Alder boughe—of apoplexy. We chronicled the death of his nephew a week ago, who Waff thrown by his horse while on a bunting ex pedition. The next heir to the title iff A rather wild nephew, Richard Walter Dunnis ton. Dick left his home several years ago, and is at the present time sojourning in America, to him, therefore, will descend the honor of keeping up the state of Alderboughs. We believe the money was left away from tho . heir expectant of the title, and trust the your-g man may come cn with a line fortune, acquired in the new country, by marriage or Otherwise." " Weil,"and Dunniston drew a long breath, " then at Ir.rt I am Lord Dunniston. Lord I> -: --.«■ 1'' he r.-.n"),--=ri =nnf.*oi;slv : his voice fell again—•• nut as poor as poverty n self. My bank holds just a hundred and fifty pounds, won on a wager. A pretty condition that for a man to be in who expects to be the future master of Alderboughs—a house that eats up more than that sum in« week." He lifted himself from the eofa, and stretched to his greatest height; then stood and mused; "Lord Dunniston 1" he mu'tered, gloomily,' " and why should it have come to me ?" If the had had more faith in me—faith in me 1" and he laughc-d bitterly. " Well, at aU events, we are quits now: if I have lost something, so has she. By heaven I she will suffer tor ture when she learns it. I know her proud nature. Yes, I shall at least make her softer. As to the little Lady Laura"—he laughed to himself—" the 'fady' suits my little Polish woman very well. She would suit it, too such ravishing taste in dreBB, and quite as pretty—not so regal, but more lovably pretty than my Isoline. Pshaw 1 what am I dream ing of? A mora absolutely foolish romance could not be cooked up. No, it won't do; but I must see what effect the newa will have. Ill manage it after dinner." He was very gay during dinner. Miss Laura's heart leapt to her mouth when she noticed that be had contrived to changeseats with an old Dutch farmer, who had made money enough to "go across," in order to sit by her aide. Ah 1 it was a dangerous position frt* Viov InwittfV IxiMl A a nit. for her—loving him as she did to absolute in fatuation. " Miss Laura," he said, just after deseert, I've some very odd news to tell you. Contrive to get the reBt of them at cards,or something, will you ?" [To be Continued]. 