DERBY BAY, GSIP AND OTUJESJZA MEET. Damp Cold Weather, PICTUEES FE0M THE LAWN. A Glance at the Hill and Mat. IS THE PADDOCK 05CE HOEE. Men and Horses. Strathmore Wins the Derby— Marvel again to the Fore — Maribyrnong Plate and ninor Events— In the City After The Races. ' Good morning, have you had the grip ?' was about tho first salutation at Fleming ton on Derby Day. It was nob a friendly pip that most people had either, bat the influenza, which has made dire havoo in Melbourne, and has considerahlv inter. fered with the V.E.C. meeting. Every other man you meet seemed to have got it, or else was just on the way to recovery, which, at any rate, if not Bpeedy, I hope was pretty sura. Tho familiar salutation alluded to made me think of that advertise ment, which must be well-known to every one, 'Good morning, have you used Pears' Soap?' In the Press room most of the boys were coughing and giving vent to their feelings in no measnred terms. It is not easy work writing when the 'grip' has got a fair hold of a man. He feels as though his head would burst, and his hands shako as though halt ? palsied. Derby Day could nofi bo called a good one for people afflicted in this way. Melbourne at tho best of time has not a congenial climate, but last Saturday it was what Mantilini would have called ' demnable.' At nine o'clock in the morning tho wind came tearing down the streets like a wild beast in search of prey. It blew in tho faces of foot passengers, and every man seemed inclined to grasp liia hat firmly with both hands, plank his back against a handy wall and say, 'Now thon, come on, I defy you.' A man may stand such a wind pretty well if his trousers are not too bulky, and getting inflated resemble the shape of the old peg-top breeches of our ancestors. To blow a man's garments in side out would be a difficult matter, even for a Melbourne wind storm. But women seem the careful prey of such winds. How they manage to negotiate each street successfully in a gale has always beau a puzzle to me. They do it, however, and very cleverly some of them. There may be a little extra embroidex-y shown, and an occasional glimpse of a pretty ankle with a nice high-fitting boot above ifc and a charnrins silken hose. Once let the wind get the mastery of a woman's dress and — well, to prevent mistakes, I will draw a curtain over the scene. Such a wind careering about Melbourne on Derby Day naturally caused much of the incon venience I have indicated. Then about half-past 11 rain commenced to fall. This had ono advantage, for it laid the dust, and made matters pleasantcr in this direc tion. But with the fall of the rain it became bitterly cold, and before the race course was reached people commenced to wonder how they had been so foolish as not to bring their big coat3. Suddenly the sun would gleam out, and touching up the sceno with his warm ray3, made the raindrops glisten and flash as they dripped from the trees. Then in a few moments after giving hopes of better things he would disappear behind the clouds again, and onca more ifc was dull, dark, and cold. ON THE LATVK. Sun is essential to the happiness of a Derby and Cup Day crowd. At Fleming ton, when tho weather is brilliant, the lawn is resplendent with gaily-dressed ladies. Their beauty is adorned in every way possible by touches of, art, and thero is a good deal of art — without the '. h ' — among the Melbourne beauties. I have seen Flemington a good many times, and on the first occasion I thought tho lawn ono of the most beautiful sights I had witnessed during a lengthy racing career. : For one thing — and most important it is — , there is plenty of room to move about, and without crowding everything is dis played to the best advantage. A fashion able crowd hampered and cooped up in a, small space is not a pleasant sight, . ulthough the mass of colors is at- ', tractive. No fear of crowding otf the ; lawn at Fleminston even on Cnp day. The ! ijrand-staud is, of course, packed, and ' when a shower of rain comes on the . Fashionable damsels run to save their , costumes under its friendly shelter. At ( such times decorum is scattered to the ] irind, and dainty feet Btand on other , iainty feet, and ladies jostle and push j 3ach other even liko unto an average j theatre night crowd. There Is no timo for ( thought; of others on such occasions, and . no wondor at it. Thero wore plenty of these sudden rushes on Saturday, One j moment tho lawn would be fillo'd, atl tho aest moment thore would ba a rush J for tho stand, Very annoying no doubt, ' but than suoh things are of everyday ( 3C0«rranca, This year, although I do not .. think tha attendance was. up to the ivsrag?; there were some really wonder fully peantiful dresses, which it would bake ft f ap more eloquent pen than mine $o ( iesaribe, yice*regal talent was well re- \ ppgsented from Government House by \ lioid an4 Lady Hopetoun, Lord and Lady '. Jersey, Lord and Lady liintoro, and t ititers. jjady Hopetoun, no doubt; witli an f sye (9 harmonising with the weather, had ] \ ftaqdsome black si}k on, heavily Jacad, i |)ej pack bonnet' being pelieyed' with, .a J Fey slypes ei pink. It was a loyely pos- t iumb, and suited her admirably. .. Lady i Jersey 'had pn ' a very neat helio'- ) tcope': sift, '-with a ; cream bonnet/ i i yery ? pretty match j while Lady , 1 Kintora's costumo was grey silk, ?with a pansy bonnet. These throe ladies, so plainly yet richly dressed, wore tho cynosure of all eyes, and presented a marked and favorable contrast to some of the more brilliant dresses. Pink seemed to bo one of their favorite colors, and when neatly matched with black, which waa very prominent, formed a rich attire. Miss May Manning, of Sydney, looked charming in a rose-pink cambric, with black hat with pink j Mrs. S. Miller had one'ot the prettiest of costumes on — a black silk brocaded in forget-me-nots, tied with blue ribbons, and a black bonnet also with forget- me-nots in ; Mrs. Brough also had a neat costumo, composed of a black cloth skirb and jacket, white spotted skirt, and black hat trimmed with roses (she looked charming as ever) ; I saw Bcoros of handsomely-dressed Sydney ladies, and there can be nd shadow of possible doubt whatever they are better looking than the Melbourne belles. It may be rank horesy to say this, but ifc is an opinion many Victorians hold. There seems a fresher tint about the Sydney ladies. Their cheeks bloom with the ' roses o£ health,' and yet tho pearl-like creamy tint of the fashionable make-up of art blossoms. It may be the climate, or it may be'mere fancy on my part, yet I con fess the Sydney girl has a charm about her few women possess. The richness of the costumes taken all round wa9 quite up to formeryears. Thore is a wealth of jewellery about,, and. diamonds of priceless valuo* adorn the ladies of the upper ten. As they moved about the lawn when a glimpse of sunshine came on it was as brilliant a picture as ever. There are people who decry racing and call it everything that is bad, but if those croakers would go to Flemington on Derby and Cup days they would feel inclined to alter their opinions. The great Melbourne Carnival does good to many hundreds of people besido the racing men who make an actual business of it. It puts thousands of pounds into hard-working people's pockets, and it assists many a struggling family in the race for life. Thore is plenty to moralise over, no doubt, but there is also plenty to admire. As I watch the people passing to and fro I can think of the labor it has cost some poor seamstress to dress that haughty dame who carries herself so proudly. Does she ever think of that C03t? I hopo she does. She will be much happier for it. Give of an abundance, lady. Do not consider your golden coin thrown into tho hospital- box last Sunday, maybo_ with somo ostentation, because vour next door neighbor in church has given a tenth of tho amount, sufficient. 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.' 'I he woman who assisted to make your dress may not havo the price of a meal next week. Your swell milliner may be as woll oil as you aro, wearing her rich costumes, but sho i3 not the person to look to. She is porhaps the designer, but where is the builder ? There goes a girl, happy, bright, and gay. A pleasure to watch her face, for she sees an interest in all around hor. Perhaps it is her first Derby Day, and so, despite tho weather, she means to make tha most of her opportunities. And tho young fellow at her side, he seems happy too. Perhaps by next Derby Day they will be fixed up for life, and neither face will wear such a glowing expression of interest. - Matrimony seems to knock the joy out of many lives. There are gaily drussed children too, eager to run about and romp ou the lawn. But you aro too well-dressed, and mamma prefers you should bo at her side just to show how woll she wears and how little the years of matrimonial life have told upon her. Sho likes to hear tho remark, 'How well Mrs. ? looks ! Dear me, ono would hardly imagine hor to bo tho mother o£ such iiae children.' But the fine children don't care for this, and consequently havo a bold look upon their young faces. They are nothalr as happy as young Billy Smith, aged six, who is roiling about in all tho glory of boyish freedom on the Flat, and laying up. Bevero indigestion for Sunday by discus sing sugar soldiers and extraordinary lovely lolly horses, which tho vendor assures him aro like Marvel to the lifo. Or take a little chap I saw on the hill. Ho could not bo more than five or six, but he is going the pace at a great rate, and picnicking with his be3t young lady, who, like himself, had come out for the day with father and mother. Genuine enjoy ment for a youngster means doing what he likes, and provided it is mere boyish fun, thero is no harm in it; therefore tho lot of tho children ou tho Hill and tho Fiat, for this day at any rate, is prefo.rablo to that of the younger portion of the com mnnity on the lawn. Again, on the lawn you sea the perfection — or, more correctly, imperfection — of the genuine Melbourne dudu, or common masher. He is the toffiest of the toff to-day, and no one bewails tho weather more than himself. ' Beastly boro, don'tcherknoiv. Can't see the dear girls to perfection.' Ho wears clothes that fit him woll, but look a good deal padded and filled out. Hi3 tailor ha3 quite as much to do with hi3 make-up as the dressmaker ha3 with the girl ho ogles through one double eye — part glass— and the other eye trying to wink without knocking tho aforesaid pane out of its iriftte; masher boots, quite the correct thing, but about threo sizes too small for him. Thon hi3 glove3. They aro the trade mark of tho masher, bar his cuffs. These aro of some real gaudy color. A cro3a between a pink and & palo yellow or something equally extravagant and ludicrous. Ho is my beta noire of tho lawn. A useless, insolent man, who thinks every girl he meets ought to bow down and worship him. Faugh I Let us pass him by and leave tho siokening odor of scent ho wafts from him behind. Thoro 13 the real gonuma business,, man. Substantial, solid-looking, but wary. Get him to bet a couple of bovs, and it is tu much as ho will go. Ho is a shrewd man, who takoB his pleasure well and thoroughly onjoys himself, Tho squatter comes down for tho Cup and moans to enjoy himself, H» spends his inonoy'frealy, beta freely, and often wins, as lb la more than likely ho is an excellent judge of a horao.nn' backs his own opinion, Visitors from all parts of Australia meet here yearly And chat ovev all that has happened during the pasb twelve months, It la pleasant to moot the samo old friends each year, Some good faces ara misaad, gone, nevermore to, return, That must bo phefato of all, and with ' La. Qrlppe ' knocking round, I feel 3ure there will be many more gone when the saddle bell rings for anather Darby, OH THH ^ILI, AOT HAT, Flemington Hill is a boon to thousands [if people who cannot aSord tho luxury of the paddock, and jf they pan 4o so, prefec to take theic pleasure in their, own way. Ihere is, nq 'placii I know pf whore i mass, p£ people can geb such, a, good pighfj' pf a race,' as, $he Sill at Flemingtan. They can see all cqund the course, and ihat without' tho least |;rpi(b,]p. The'rq is ample foom for »liy arid' tha pic-niq grounds are J;hg favoritg fpaorfc pf the substantial masses, fieco can bo seen the respectablo working^ man, who, earns good money, ancl knows bow ,tb enjoyijuuiself. Trusli Kiri} for having plenty o£ refreshment with him on this occasion, and of a substantial, solid, character. Ho brings tho 'missus' and youngsters, and don't they make a day of it? The racing is quite a minor object in view, although 'father ' has his half sov. on his fancy for tho Derby. If it comes off thero is moro fun, and the health of tho winner must be drank, even if tho favorite has not got home, and tho half-sov. haa gone for ever into the big bag of tho book maker. ThoBe layers o£ odds on the hill have a good timo of it, for tho gambling fovor is at his height, and all Mel bourne is mad with racing. I like to watch some of these gentry on the hill. They have countenances which, by the very nature of their calling, are keen and hard, and their voices would make good fog-horns on a railway-line. When the bookmakers' oc cupation has gone, if over it does, I would advise the Railway Commissioners to buy a consignment of them for this purpose, and I am sure it would nob be a failure. Tho people on ? the Flitt very much re semble the people on tho Hill, with, por* haps, tho exception that they maks thorn* selves noisier. By this I do,uOt mean (hey are disorderly or drunken. For a vast crowd I never saw less drunkenness thau at Flemington. Tho business of racing occupies too much- of thoir attention. Side shows on tho Flat are an institution, and during tho intervals of raoing they are well patronised. The men running these shows roap.a rich harvest, and givo fair value for their money, ' U you don't got all you want gonts I'll return yer cash.' As tho cash is nevor returned, Q.E.D. investors get all they want. Thoro are sharpor3. about ou the Flat, and they prey on tho flats. Tho gentle man with tho nimble poa is all thoro. A wonderful faculty for disappearing that poa j far easier to discovor a pea in the soup . of that name in a sixpenny tes taurant. The throo-card trick man — we all know him — plies his calling vigorously when ho can, and makes money rapidly by tho aid of throe or four confederates. Sometimes theso throe-card men get into lumber. I onco recollect on a very windy day at Nottingham on tho old Forest race courso — now unused for such purposes — an old racecourso identity named 'Billy tho Fly.' He was a fly, and no error — a good deal too fly on the occasion I allude to. Billy had beon doing tho trick with much danger of losing his cards on the top of an umbrella. Ono man kopt on winning, and Billy couldn't make it out at all. Presently Bill discovered that tho lad he had ongaged v;o hold tho umbrella and who sat underneath it, could see the cards through tho woll worn alpaca, and was tipping the wink to the winning man. This wa3 moro than Eilly could stand. Eegardless of the cost of a now gingham ho made a sudden bend forward and buried the youngster in tho ruins. ' Now I've flattened yon out, get,' said Billy, as the half-squashed youngster struggled from under the debris. ' What do yor moan by half-killing my kid like that ?' said tho big stranger, who had been booking in the morning. ?? Oh, ho'a your kid, is ho ?' said BUly; 'Well then your a bloomin' thief.' 'I am, am I?' 'Tor aro,' politely replied Billy. Eesult — war. Billy got licked, and worse than that he got run in, and the man who had thrashed him, as usual got clean away. 'No more umbrellas for I,' Billy used to say, when telling tho tale. Whether any of tho three-card inon got 'flattened out' at Flemington on Saturday I don't know, but at any rate I hope so. E? THE PADDOCK, I will not say ' Under tho Elms,' be cause that phraso ought ' to belong to ' Augur ' for ever, the bost of racing men aro to bo met with. I had not seen' 'Augur' except at lUbonee Valley since his severe illness, He looks real bad, but as cheery as ever, and writes just as woll. How his ' TTndor tho Films ' goes down with tho crowd, and he knows evory man on tho course that is worth knowing. I hope he will bo 'Under tho Elms' for many a long year yet, for ho is a man will be sadly missed from tho ranks of pressmen. And writing of pressmen reminds mo that our old friend 'Nemo' looked bad and had tho ' grip ' on him properly. I had it myself protty bad, so we could sympathise. ' Martiudalo ' was there as brisk as a bee, and I don't believe any kind of illnos3 will evor knock Frank out. ' Eibblesden,' his new name setting well upon him, wr.3 inspecting tho Derby colts and congratulating himself on his good tips in tho Austealasiax. ' Cranbrook,' who is a good judge of a horse, looked halo and hearty, and ' Ajas ' was busy as a bee as usual. They wore all there, in and out of the paddock boforo each race. A sporting writer's billet is no sinecure, and if you don't believo what I say, just try it. Owners, trainers, and jockeys, all bont on real business, were thoro discussing the chances of tho various horses. Mr. W. E. Wilson, the master of St. Albans, had plenty to do in admiring his groat colt, Strathmoro, while Steadfast and La Tosca aro also his property. He spends a lot of. money overy year on horses, and ho ought to havo a good win now and again to encourage' him. Mr. ' J. B. Clarko ' had to keop his oyes on tho syndicate colts under the care of our bos3 trainer, Tom Payten. Both looked anxious, and well they might, for momentous issues wore about to take place, and Stromboli was to meet Strathmoro for another struggle in the Derby, and Moonray was to struggle hard for the Plate. Tho Sydney men were all looking forward to having a good time, but tho result proved they over anticipated matters. Mr. William For rester, in company with Mr. E. E. A. Oatlsy, wero taking stock of all they saw, and noither of them aro bad judgos, Tho ' Squiro,' as usual, looked splok and span, and ho had the samo familiar nod and smile for overybody. Mr. Donald Wftllaco wag thoro, his well-known, fluuro being familiar to all raolng.mon, Mr, George Hill, tho owner of that wonderful horsa Marvol, had aotually ventured over to Kelbourne, at least I fancied I saw his burly form under the tvees, Luoky man to possess such a horse.and yet unluoky, for had 'Tarvel bean in tho Oup J da not see how he could very well liaye, lost, Mr, Miller waa present, and so vfete Mr, Oroker, Mr, Fisher and Mr, Power, I saw Mr, Q.'gm. Watson strolling; about, and although I don't wish to pit father against son, I think he could have got, the horses off tq bottep starts pn Derbypay thau Mr. George ^\sat, son. Mr. Walter Hall, with, liiq trainer, Tqm Lamsnd, was glancing; at; Oxide, the, Derby polt, and protjably tjjey_ both fancie4 the game little felU^v- ^vo'ul4 ff !n- Mr. W. T. Jones, is, 'anqtlieg m.au \rell and favorably known ' in tlje,' racing 'WP.dd. JUolj aud generous, he is just the njaq tq succeed.' I heaz lie is about to take another trip, to the old country shortly. Tha last; fimo he was here Bravo won the Our for, him. pld Tom lypry, connecting the past' 'with the present order of racing men, was keeping a watchful eye on Vangrayo.'a by riq means bad-looking youngster, feddy EejaVaa BUtqming up Sir William's clianca fpe the ffup, and Mick Quirk was in close atten dance on.King,Olaf,:whQ looked particu larly, bright and well. 'James'S\rai( said DiiU O'Connor had todinuch, weight in tho Plato, find thon he 'winked tho othoi Oye.' Maitland waa busy looking after horsos ho fancied, but did not own, aud JrfmoS Monaghan was ovidontly pleased with his pet, Marvel. Tom Hales, fia I stated boforo, did not ride in the Derby, but ho looked bettor than on tho previous Saturday, and is pioking up fast. Ho had tho offor io^do several Derby colts, but preferred to stand down for fear, in his weak state of health, ho could not do them, justicoi In this I am sure ho is wiso. People havo no regard for a beaton jockeyi Hales fit and well I would sooner trust with my money in a raco like tho Dorby thau any man. But pooplo are ficklO) and are apt to say, u Oh ! he's dono j can'b ride now !' and so ofli even with Buch a popular Idol 03 Hales Jack Gainsforth was gotting ready to mount Albemarlo, and Nerrickor was poeling off for Oxide, and Huxley looked fit to ride Stromboli, big colt though ho be, for. his life. Three good jockeys, and all steady and industrious, and credits to tho profession to which they bolong. Mat Harris looked fresh as a daisy. How ho must rejoice when he gets that black jaoket and whito cap on. Little Toby Moran was capering about like a twoyear old, and Liddiard and he would make a good pair in harness, Jaok Gough is another of the good sorts, while the man who said anything against Power would got a great look of solemn contempt from his hundreds of admirers, Having had a glance at the men, let mo just scan TUB DER3? COLTS before they leavo tho paddock for the groat three-year-old ovent of the year. One of tho first I looked at was Strathmoro, and had I seen him soonor I should have coupled him with Stromboli instead of fivmg him third place. As it was, owever, I cannot complain oj how my solections for this evenb ran, as oub of the four I pickod I got tho first three. Strathmore is a perfect boauty. Ho is by Nordonfoldt — Ouida, and both his Bire and dam have the best of blood in their veins, Iu this colt Mr. Wilson possesses an ox coptionally good ono. Ho presents the appearance of being a shade light at first, bub glanco at ? his various points and he has no bad ones. Mr, Sam Hordorn, tho ownor of tho Biro, must havo felt pleased when he hoard the news, and I don't know a horso I would sooner havo to put good mares to. How this colt won the Derby I will describe later on. Swordboaror is a black colt by Grandmaster — Corito, and was bred by the Hon. J. Bales. He is a beautiful colt to look at, and was as fit as hands could make him. Stromboli, by Chester — Etna, I havo always had a good opinion of, and have still. Payten had wound him up thoroughly, and he looked harder and bettor thau nt Bandwick. Ha is tho sort of horso to win the next Nowmarket Han dicap. Oxide ia a son of that good little 'un. Sardonyx. He is as compact as a horse could be made, and as game as a pebble. He could not run a bad raco if he tried, provided ho was well. Both his owner and trainer were confident of success, and 'well they might be. Penance also lookod very . well, but he seems a shade on the big side, but then he is a little follow that generally appears well. Albomarle, bright and with his coat shining, was a good one to make the pace for Stromboli. Tho Eobol, Tarran, Stern chaser, and St. Albans completed the batch. HOW THE DEEBT WAS WON. When tho lot wore lined up at the post Mr. Watson was not long before he sent them away to a fair start. Tarran took up the running and led past tho stand and out of tho straight, with the favorite next. Along the rivor-side Albomarle went away to tho front at a merry pace, and going well ahead, at tho bend he was eight lengths in front of The Eobel, who led the others, tho favorite and Stromboli being busy watching each other. It was quite evident from tho stato of affairs that Huxley and Cusdin knew the finish would bo pretty well botweon them, butNerrickor was keeping a smnrfc look-out on Oxido, who waa goic-j well. As they swept round tho bend Albumarlo's lead had been con siderably reduced, and Strp.thmoro and Stromboli wero making thoir way rapidly to tho front. Swordboarer foil as thoy entered tho straight proper, but luckily it was wido of tho othors, and he threw Powor clear as well ? as him self. Thero was a sharp cry, and then a hush from tho crowd, -when tha horBowont down, but when it was seen thnt no sorious accident had occurred, attention was paid to the prospects of tho various horsos struggling hard to win. Ac tho distanco there were loud cries for Stromboli, who was going well, and flattering his backers considerably. Thon came a shout of Penance, who was up with tho lcadora almost. But Strathmoro was docidedly not dono with, as ho came along at a groat pace. When he headed Stromboli the ex citement was great, as it was fancied tho son of Chostermightmake a response to tho call Huxley was making upon him. Ho soemed to do so for a moment, and then died away again as the favorite got lovel. Oxido seemed to be cannoned against, but all the same he wr3 going well ns tho 'trio singled thomselves out for a battlo to tho finish. Strathmore gamely held his own, and although both Stromboli and Oxido tried hard to get on terms with him, they could not do so, and he won going freely from Stromboli, with Oxide third. Then came Abomarlo, who had run well all tho way, Penance fifth, followed by Stornchasor and Tha Eobel. The win of Strathmoro was Immensoly popu lar, and horso, ownor, and joakey caino in for their share of publio approbation. Tho Sydnoy division would, of course, havo proforred to soo cither Stromboli, Oxtdo or Ponanoo win, but thoy oould not woll boffrudgo a, vlotory to suoh a brilliant) colt an Strathmora and suoli iv real good ownor aa Mr. Wilson, With suoh o, liorsn in hla Btablti, we may expeqi to boo, Sir, Wilson have further big wlus, and. ha will, no doubt, havo. anothor food three.year.old. for next year, Btrom. oil boat Oslde, aud. confirmed the. Bytlney Derby form, and I think; (6 was norreot, so far as this, pair were oonoevned, Albe-i marie ran go. well that, he must to ac counted a good colt, fop he made, penrly the whole of tho running, and lasted put T? all, The Eebol only- ran moderately, When, tho numbers, -wei^ up the. only absentee for tho Plate wa§ fonnd to be Trio, and a, dozen file J p,nji t? battle far- the twq^eaiTpld- r^ce pf the year.. Despite Mponray's, (lefaal; at, Moonea, yalley-, the public put a good, deal pf confidence in l-o\\., is, it was. anticipated she, yrauld ast better on the straight course. Sho looked, well enough, and, seemed almost the 'pick' ' p£ th'o baisicet.' ' The Captain,, who 'won ^he twa-yearild race at Moonee Valley, was alsq faucied, bnt nottq any great extent, 'though why it is d\ffltult ^q say; a,s/ he. was it) ' a good ipibie. Cook's, ' ran. - well on Saturday, and is. pv^edtly: a pood one. Meli, '^y Newmins^er— Melodious,' was the actual favorite uj,; to, the. full pf the flag, although' a° rush^.was. made, on Btra- Weenie, at thafinMi. Shaisaheaut^ ful filly, sind well brod, being by Tronton — Nellio, so sho ought to prove a orodit to siro and dam. Tronton Was a wonderfully good horao, and bo was Nellie an oxcollont mart). Nobody, by Oudois — Maid of Long ford, waa woll backed, and so was Yatl* grave, by Epigram — Courtesy, air. Tom Ivory s gelding. After Mr, Watson had succeeded in gotting them in lino they wero hob long in spreading oub right across the traok, and as usual somo of tho young 'uns raa wido, and wobbled aboui a good deal. Moonray was Ono of the fli-ai across the tan, and occupied a prominent position until the last furlong, whoro Bhe died away, rind lo£b The Captain, Nobody, j Utm- Weenie, ftad Vangrave in .prominence. The Captain looked liked winning a Bhorb distance from homo, but Efcra-Woonio had plenty ol go left in her, and dut him down before thi winning post was reached, while Nobody finished third. Dan O'Connor ran tespoct ably with his sovon pound penalty, and so did Gaillardia, ono ol Mr^ Wallace's pair. The timo was 3jsec. sloTretthanlaBfj year, but as the times were much Blower all day, much account musfc not be' taken of this/ for the course was pretty heavy goin^i TI£H ? MEIiSOTOCT! STAKES. Of courso this ovent was tho ono., to get fl line for tho Cnp, aud it Is always lookod forward to with much interest, it 5s a peouliar raco, because, as a rnlo, bo many of the candidates aro out fd* feelers. Marvol, of courso, paralysed tho betting to a certain extent, but not 80 much bo as when Carbine ran last year. Hn^ the raco beon i-un at Eandwick Marvol would havo boon a much hotter favorito, but tho books for once accepted short odds on, 00 doubt relying upon tho good field. When Mr. Hill's great horse appeared oa tha track with Mat. Harris in the saddlg & perfect volloy of cheers grooted it. The horse seemed to know what it all meant, for he went proudly up tho courso, and vrhen Mat. pulled his head round and let him como along for his canter, ho moved so freely that another round of choors were1 givon. Man and horso woro a porfeofc pic ture, and deserved all tho praiso they re ceived, while Mouagham must bo by no moans forgotten for turning him pub In such buoklo. King Olaf looked bright and frosh, and a horso that pleased me im« monsely in hla gallop was Sir William. Whirnbrol wont freely, and so did Corroze, and Bungebah showed a lob o£ his old dash, Muriel wont well, anil Burton had put a firat-olass polish on her. Paris Was much observed, and although ho did not move particularly well, Williams took care to hold him well in hand. Highborn did not Btart, which caused inquiries to bo made as to his whereabouts, but Mr. Forrester knows his own business besfcHand tho man that teaches him anything will have to got np very early in tho morning. Malvolio went along at a good pace, and so did Annesley. Some o£ tho starters seemed to bo anxious to get away, but wero only too ready to pull up when the flag fell. Annesley made tho pace, with Correze in attendance, and King Olaf and Sir William showed up well, while Harris kept Marvel back some considerable dis tance. When the_ straight waB reached they began to fairly race, and Annesley, Whimbrol.Bungebah andMarvol wore com ing along well. Bungebah and Marvel got well alongside just boforo the distance, .when Harris gave Marvel his head, and he came along at his usual great finishing pace. He never faltered, and although Bungebah gave thoso who had taken an outside shot about him a brief hope of success, ho gave up when Mr. Hill's horse got alongside, and the favorito won with a good bit iu hand from his old rival, while Whimbrel finished third well np, and Annesley a good fourth. Beaten horseB that ran well wero Correze, Muriel, and Sir William. There was a disposition to back Whimbrel as soon as the horses had weighed in, and, as UBualwith a Mel bourne Stakes placed horse, he soon be came a good favorito. As the special Cup tip appeared yesterday, I need Bay no mora on the point. £J?' THE MIX0H EVENTS there were some good races, and backers kept well on terms with themselves throughout tho day, which in a great measure compensated them for the bad weather thoy had been having. In the Maiden Plate Gatling as usual played up at the post, and lashed out in all directions, and Gough must havo felt he had a by no means easy mount. Ho swivelled round, lnshod out, backed, bucked, and did everything bad, and he would be a real beauty to clear the ring for a fight. Steadfast won the race, as described elsewhere, and beat Havilah and Norbert, while Stono Design ran well. Thoisonsational Pigeontoe, whose deeds, good, bad, and inditlorent for somo time, was made a hot favorito for the Hotham Handicap, and had he gone down the ring might have gob nearly a 'skinner. Bub ho won, and won so well to bo jumped into position as favorite for the Cup. He is a peculiar Bhapod horse, and turns his toes in, but he can gallop well enough. Portsea and Bendigo occupied the places behind him. A rank outsider came - to the bookmakers' aid in Cardoness, and had any sane man seen his Sydney performances they could not have put a ' bean ' on him with a degree of confidence. He won by a length and a half from La ToBca, with Ascot Vale third, and a big field behind them that were sont away by Mr. Watson to an awful start. Not more than half tho horses had a ghost of a show after they had gone a hundred yards. Mr. Watson is called a Prince of Starters, but he is not a patch on some men I have soen. So far as the general arrangements on Dorby Day wore concerned they could nob well have been better. The train sorvlco was, as usual, excellent, but there in always a torrlblo crush to get baok whloh, for ladies, is abominablo. It would bo ft vast Improvement for ladies if they oould havo a soparato gate to pass through, bocausa lb U only at tho platform doors there iq any ornsh. Tho usual crowd by road (job to town Biifoly, and at night Bourke street was no lively aa naual. Up to mid night ft vnab crowd moved up and down ? paab the Victoria Club, and what pleasure jeoplq oau Bee iu balnft Bquashod up in suoh A mass of hqjnantsj1, by no weans of the oleanest kind, ia v, mystery. But Bom.e, people, ilko being atjuaahed, it soomu to give them llfo and hops, and by thla I mean the proapeeb of gottlnjj a. tip, What won't a, man ifo, to, get a. tip for p, bl(» raoo I must have been'oaked ft hundred timea what, my reasons were for giving certain solections. Melbourne ou Sunday, aa Wsu.nl, Vfas very quiet, It must be a very holy places, for you cannob even read a newspaper, without being regarded ns f. leatKaji. Funny people the Melbouritftes, Th.W a,ra tha greatest, gamblers, in. jtush kalftsift, and yet keep theft Bab.ba.th/aa BpjxQwfully as the most rigid observer of; this ancient custom, 