Varieties- Hon- the J ij'-r Jiii's tin.} n<!tf In a pr.:,vr ; Iv-.lur.il isi." rv ~ ,-i li=i:c<l in its j-.i:;i:i.i. ihi'.ari. ili'c'jiSi ii l!: v-'.j-z the IV.-tt.'O. •ty r ! y , au i j:iib 'Ii'. I:ivt':a:ity, a notei i,.i!jits of the ti^er auf] vriK c:;;I ly t^e mode ia wi,;ch it kilit and e:;ts its prey. Some think be seizes b* tte tbroat others by tbe nape of the ncck from above. Mr. I;:vc-r.i:itj has (Xiaiir.sl scores of slain animals with special reference to this point, r.nci in every case but one the throat was seized from bc.'oiv. Tiie exception waf an oid boar wl;o bad been seiz d by tbe back of the netk from above. One cf a single file of vLlagers who was once s=i7. d by tbe nape of the neck tjy a man eater, but saved by bis companions, bad no iii'.a when be recovered his tens'.s what ha.d happened. Whether dislocation of the ncck takes place is doubtful. Tbe tame hunting leoparus always kill by pressure oa the windpipe, without breaking tbe skin ; possibly the tiger kills in the same way. It is only by accident, if at all. that tigers in killing sever an important vein or artery, and no blood to Fpeak oi flows from the throat Vounds. Very large and powerful animais"like tbe bull, "buiiaic and bison, if attacked at all. are in the first instance attacked from tbe rear, with a view to disable tbem. Having killed, tbe tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Strait ir.es be leaves the stomach and intestines as they are : sometimes be will remove them to one side, making a neat parcel of them. A ti^sr an< a tigress together wili fin : s:i an ordinary size i animal nt one meal, li-aving only th bead. In this case it is probable that tbsecond begins at trie fore quarter. -Animal? are never eaten where thi v are killed, bu; are always dragged a si:oit distance. Tbt_i are not lifud clear of tbe ground, bui dragged. llavirg gorged himself,tbe tiger sometimet lies close bj- his prey, but it it is hot wcatbei and there arc biils in lite neighbuuihood, h» wili go a long <list;mea off bt-fore resting foi tbe day. He prefer 1 , to iie in a cool cave OJ in a breeze on tbe bill side than in tbe clos: 'lot jungle. lie returns next nigbt and finishes what is left, but be never eats a fc:o::d time on the same spot, dt.-igging the remains of tht prey 40 or 30 yards oil. Sportsmen coming on :i half-devoured animal and desiring tc catch the tiger, tie tbe p;ev to a tree. Tht tiger tai:cs about two hours'steady eating t< finish the fore quarters of a bullock. Mr. Inverjirity sat over a small tigress cne night who ate for ten minute.?, then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter h >urs. He did not fire, as he could not see her. Tigers are cannibals ; they will izskc theii meais 05 each other. They are etippogec to kill once ii five or six days, and no donbf tbe tiger after a heavy feed docs net care tc bunt much for a lev,- days; but a tifrer killt whenever be can. They have been known to kill on 14 consecutive nights. t^Mr. Invernrity believes that anitcs!s killer! by tigeis suffer little beyond tbe panic of e few seconds. The shock produces a stupo; and dreaminess in which there is no sense ol pain or feeling of terror. Tbe powerfu stroke of the fore paw of tbe tiger is•<• fiction ; be clutches with his clawc as onmight with the fingers, but does net strike : blow. Tigers wander immense distances «t night and, as they like feasy going, tbey goon roadt and paths. Tbey do not like to move dur ing the hact of the day, as the hot grount burns their pads and makes them raw. The? can on occasion climb trees. In Saiselte one climbed after a certaii Pandoo, but could not reach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast dear, go" down and ran toward home, but on the wa; was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated that Pandot died of tbe tiger eating him ; there was m other cause of death. Nothing was Ief except some fingers, which probably be lonjed to the right or left hand." Native have a belief tbat the ghosts cf the man eater's victims ride in his head and wan bim of danger, or point the way to Ires! victims. 