A “MAIDEN MKDM'ION.'’ NOT "FAN’TFi:." Are you really wha taeall; That you hold me ad enfc1112 Evermore r I don’t think so ; -*t I w> so At your tau), That I merely noti dear’ What esaltd If each virtue shod dssutyou, Tou would id Mo as tender a deide*. And as kinc TMiy I love you a: approve you So, I fear I canboaat of not;e ghost of An idea. Yon know nothinaf the loathing I>eep and tr?, That I measure to tcb pleasure Without yoUj Which is mirthless, sd as woiw-U23 Me to please , A.3 a*h-tlavoared, So\om-savour-e* Apple trees. m_ In a small room, or a baU-r^ When I’m diM xi In cay new gauze and r* B ° Like the rest— For you sighing, TACa Yanihtm^^fIbat0 >0m AU» alaa. Dale I bravely tell you gravely That you bring To my sadnoea ftU the gludnes* Of the Spring— Thai ae cheering to uiy hearing AS the mSghW, SwSSf V n:t l? Of the birds Y 6balll mention the intention On cay part. Just to learn ’em (in etyrnam) Allhy heart V gH&Tl; I show you that I know you Well may uso That speech 3picy—“ Yeni, vwi1r— if you choose? (For you straightway through the gateway Of my soul Once did enter to bo centro Of the whole.) How you grieve me, wheu you leave ®e» >'q, for certain.” Prop the curtain Oa the play. Krxxv TnoFi.vKYcr.orr c o’-vlei:. In answer to a correspondent who wrote to Lord Chief Justice Coleridge, nstangr his opinion aa to the passages in the Bible where it Bays, “ Swear not at any time, etc and to the words of Christ, when ha said, ' Let your words be yea. yea. and nay, nay, his lordship has sent the following- reply «. I hare no doubt ns to the lawfulness of oaths on proper occasions. St. James saya they are lawful in ojtpres-i terms, and God (the same yesterday, to-day, and for aver) swears by Himself. Tho precept of our Lord is, I think, liko giving the cloak as well as . the coat, or ottering both cheeks to ba smitten, or nevc-r judging—to bo taken as the statement of a principle, not as an order to be obeyed literally and irrespective of circumstances and the rules of good sense.— Your faithful servant, Cor.r.i'.inoK. P.S.— Tho whole jurisprudence of every Christian nation for l 00 years has been founded upon. 