: The Wesleyan tea meeting held in Bacchus :- Marsh on Wednesday evening was well attended, especially the public entertainment after the tea, at which Mr. Dean, who acts as minister to the congregation, presided in a very efficient manner, showing genuine pleasure in the proceedings and a desire to make them pleasant to all present as a source of strength to the congregation in the future. He specially rejoiced in tile Sunday school work the congregation had developed, and remarked that there was plenty of work for all the denominations, as they all reached persons and families not otherwise brought within gospel influence. The Rev. 0. Dowsing, the minister who opened Bacchus Marsh as a Weslcvan charge, admitted, in his speech congratulating Ilis co- workers on having so far successfully com pleted their first year's work, that when lie came to Bacchus Marsh he reported to head-quarters that there was no field here for a minister, and that he had better be withdrawn, but wiser counsels gave him a longer opportunity to be come acquainted with the district, and although the work of creating a congregation and building a church was very severe, and still gave the trustees some anxiety, the success achieved amply justified the perseverance which had effected so much in so short a time and with such marked usefulness. The rev. gentleman enlarged upon the varied qualities of humian nature to be found in the congregations and out side them, comparing them to several kinds of cakes, such as plain, fancy, underdone, done out side and not inside, &c.;, the fancy cake man be ing the one who only liked ornamental platform talking, leaving the hard work to the plain cake man, and so on, the metaphors being skilfully applied to create amusement and convey a moral. Mr. Mawson, treasurer to the congregation, stated that the income for the year had been £36 8s., and the expenditure (wholly upon the bulidlingi fimd and interest) had been £47 18s. 5d. A col lection to assist in defraying this debt was made during the evening. Some excellent musical selections were given by the Whitbourni fsiily (sisters and brothers) of Rowsley, also by the Misses Dickie, Campbell, Pace, and Manly, and Mr. Latrobe-Bateman (iwho also assisted at the harnonium) ; a reading and a song was given by Mr. Cowan, and a recitation by Mr. Hancock, who evidenced that he possessed a remarkably good memory. All these efforts to please the audience were excellent, and altogether the meeting was quite a success socially. The cater ing, by Mr. Hollis, was also first-class. Mr. Arnold, a travelling retailer of religious literature, addressed a few remarks to the audience upon religious topics, and expressed surprise to find so much local talent available for their platform. The church was creditably decorated with flowers and green foliage, and had it been as large again would have been filled, as a number of persons stood outside, the night being hot, and all the windows up. Mr. S. Painter proposed the usual comprehensive vote of thanks at tihe close of the proceedings, and Mr. Dean declared that the success achieved and the cordiality shown gave him fresh courage to enter upon another year's work with them. Messrs. Anderson and Bence report having held their usual monthly sale at Bacchus Marsh on 7th November, when 153 head of cattle, 60 pigs, and 20 horses were yarded. Cattle sold at about last month's rates. We sold on account of the following owners-Vallance Bros., Bacclus Marsh, 14 yearlings, 80s.; G 2-yr-olds at £2 4.s.; J. Cosgrove, 6 yearlings : D. Crawford, 10 young cattle; J. Connell, 5 fat cows light weights, to £5; do. 2 springers, £4 10s. and £5; G. Harris, 2 steers, £4 15s.; J. Hine, store cows to 44s. 6d; Hodgson, cows to £4: Condon, 3 fat cows, £4; 20 head for Shine, Hanson, Davis, and Crinnegan, from 27s. Gd. to 48s. Gascard Bros., 4 light hacks, £6 10s. to £6 15s.; J Crook, 6 light horses, £3 5s. to £8; D. M'Intosh, Toolern, 1 pony £11; J. Campbell, Toolern, 1 draught mare, £10; L. Dugdale, 1 buggy mare, £14; G. Davidson, 1 draught horse. Pigs were in good demand, the whole being sold, many buyers going away mn supplied. W. Anderson, Oaklands, Pentland Hills, a draft of pure Berkshire pigs, eight weeks old, boars from 2-4s. to 33s.; sos from 27s. to 32s.; these pigs were much admired for their \- e I-;ero=ors., I ii l^rf l1s. Grant, Millbank, 3 light porkers, 25s.; G. Davidson, 3 porkers, 36s. to 38s.; D. Ward, 5 suckers, 12s.; J. Watson, 6 pigs, 12s.; 'M. Reynolds, 6 pigs, eight wceeks old, at 17s. 6d.; G. Marshall, fiat pig, 28s. 6d. Potatoes. J. Dumn, 10 bags potatoes 7s. 6d. per bag; E. Sloss, 8 bags barley, at 2s. 10d. bushel; ferrets to 10s.; quantity of cheese for W. Brown, Pentland Hills, at 7d. lb.; quan tity of sundries sold well. Through Melbourne yards, in conjunction with Messrs. Peck & Son, 20 head of cattle, on account of Mr. Jas. Robinson and Jas. Kerr. In conjunction with Messrs. Pearson, Rowe, Smith and Co., 30 head on ac count of F. Minns and others. In conjunction with Messrs. Coghlan, Naples, and Co., Ballarat, two trucks of horses on account of Messrs. Robertson, Gascard Bros., and Bence, at satis factory prices. At our usual monthly sale at Melton on the 14th inst. we yarded 60 head of cattle and 6 pigs. Prices slhowed an improve ment. Mr. Staugliton, Booklyn, 2 fat cows, £5; P. Attley, 2 fat cows, £4 10s.; IMoylan, 1 fat cow, £4 10s.; M. Kyle, 4 cows, light weights, £3 15s.; M'Grath, 4 head to £4 10s.; Mirs. Burns, 2 head .£3; T. Finlator, 11 yearlings, 30s.; Carroll, fat calf, 37s. 6d.; 6 pigs, J. Green, 18s.; P. Attley, chaff at £3 per ton; W. Brown, cheese, at 7d. On account of Mr. G. Simpson, quantity of sun dries. Also, 35 head on account of Messrs. H. Campbell, Grant, R. E. Minns, Harkness, and Crinnegan, at satisfactory prices. We have sold on account of Mr. W. Robertson, his firm, situ ated on the Lerderderg, containing 58 acres, at a highly satisfactory price for cash, Mr. James Kerr being the purchaser. We offered Mr. Jeremiah i7yan's farm at Darley bridge, ulit it was withdrawn, not reaching the owner's reserve, and it is now for private sale. Gisborne items:-TTie annual meeting of the New Year's Day Sports and Bacing Club was held at Barry's Victorian hotel on Saturday. i Mr. W. E. P. Thomas, Manager of the Com mercial Bank, was elected President, and Treasurer; Councillor Farrell Vice-Plresident; Mr. M. Walslh Chairman of Committee; Mr. T. Gardiner Clerk of Scales ; Mr. J. Hogan Starter; Mr. W. Brady Judge; Mr. T. Walsh Clerk of Course; and Mr. W. B. White Secretars. A programmnc was drawn up op'the same lines as last year's, and, from tie proinses of support already received, there is every prospect of success for this old established fixture.--The hon. J. L. Dow, and Mr. Staughton. M.L.A's, visited Gisborne on Mondlay, and a dinner was given in i their honour by the Comnnittee of tie Mechanics' Institute, at the Telegraph hotel. Afterwards, Mr. Dow delivered a lecture in tie Mechanics' Hall on "Laughs with tihe Legislators," Mr. Stauglhton occupying tihe cihair. There was only a moderate audience, but from the frequent applause, and outbursts of laughter, it wa-s evident the heln. gentleman's efforts were appreci ated. At intervals songs were given by Mrs. Dr. Daly, Miss Egan, and Mr. E. Gardiner, Miss Barry playing the accompanyments. The pro ceedings terminated shortly after 10 witlh a cordial vote of thanks to Mir. Dow, but by some strange oversight the usual vote to tihe chairman was omitted.--The report of the monthly meeting of the Shire Council in tie Express has given rise to much comment e.s being foreign to tihe impartiality we have been accustomeod to in the past.-A special meeting of tihe Shire Council I was called for Mondiay last, the only business I being a motion, notice of which hlad been given by Cr. Cherry, to dispense witlh the services of Mr. Bowie as Secretary and Engineer. Only one Councillor attended, and tie meeting lapsed for want of a quorum. Ballan items :-Although Ballan is one of tihe oldest of up-country townships its progress lhas been slow considering its easy communication with the metropolis, its pleasure-giving sur roundings, and health imparting atmosphere, whose recuperative benefits Melbournites little dream of; and for a peaceful retreat, removed from the busy cares of life, tlere are few spots so lighly favoured by Nature's fashionhing. Here panoramic views, many and varied, are obtain able. Ballan, as a township, sine the advent of the iron horse has slightly risen from its previous lethargy iii spreading its wings castward, be sides the erection of some very creditable build ings in the main thoroughfare, yet it stands much in need of advancement. Four religious persuasions are represented by churches, viz., the Anglican, Presbyterian, Catlolic, and W'es loyan ; tle first two are bluestone erections, and would grace any township ; the Anglican church is a quaint ivy covered edifice. slate-roofed, prettily situated on a bank overlooking the grassy flats and wandering stream of tle Werribee, andl calls to mind its counterpart in varioius situations I at home, even to the appealing intonation of its solitary bell, and notably one at Stoke Newing- g ton, on tile confines of London. The vicarage close by now tenanted by the Rev. J. C. Atkinson, is all that snugness demands, with the same bright outlook. lThe Presbyterian church, withl the mnnse at the rear tenanted by the Rev. G. B. Murphy, a late arrival in tie colonies, con fronts the nain street, and is the only edifice that possesses a steeple, strangely fashioned though it is in having its sides of corrugated iron. The gable end windonws of both these churches consist of mellow tinted stained glass harmoni ously arranged, the gift of local adherents. Tlhe outside surroindings of the church are neglected though containing valuable trees and shrubs wlichl a few days' labour would beautifv. The Catholic churcli, tihe most centrally situated in the townslip, has recently undergone repairs in having its inside wood-lined throughlout, besides embellishing it outside with a coat of paint. The Wesleyan church, whose congregation represent a inite in the commuinity not to be behind hand, have like ornamcented their place of worship inside and out. the former with canvas and paper. the latter with paint. liotl the Catholics and Wesleyans have visiting pastors. The prettiest situated Shire hall, a commodious building of stuccoed work, is not a credit to the artisans who built it, or the individuals who superintended the work; twently years or thereabouts being a short existence for an edifice whose walls have for some time been rent asunder. The once handsome gardens which encircled this hall lhave likewise suffered froin neglect, and its magnificent and rare shrubs have been ruthlessly broken and are falling to decay. The Courthouse, another stuccoed building. mieets all requirements in size and conveniences; its great fault, like all the rest of our stuccoed buildings, being in not resistiing the daiup which shows through all inside plastered work. The Mechanics' Institute, a recently erected wooden edifice, reflects credit on its originators, and is well deserving of our utmost support; few if any like buildings grace the inland townships between Ijallarat and Mel bourne ; its hall is capacious, possessing a raised stage wit ante rooms which at pleasure can be divided or thrown into one large room, the hall is well designed to carry sound. The library shelves are well stocked with a varied assort mnent of readable matter, and it is a room of extreme comfort; this. with the new.spaper room, whlich flanks the lobby on the opposite side, forms the entrance to the main hall.-In my last week's report of tlie Wesleyan tea meeting heldl in the Mechanics' institute I omitted to give the names of tle donors of the tables, who were Mrs. .T. D. Evans. Mrs. A. W. and Harry Salter, Mrs. Foote, and Mr. Alfred Arthur Usher; the naunes of those previously published were ladies wlio attended the t:bles.-I hear grave complaints of cows lying I abou't on the foot paths.-Through the kindness of Mr. C. C. Fraser, District Labbit Inspector, I have had read to lme a report received by that gentlemlan from the Department, wherein Mr. Conroy brings my name into question in having exaggerated on the news le imparted to me in respect to the number of rabbits by which ie was surrounded which sprang from the Crown lands. I can only repeat that I have corroborative evidence in his having told the same tlingl to one of our most illfinential townsmen.-The postponed meeting of the Band of Hope came off on Monday even ing, the Rev. G. B. Murphy occupying the chair, witl Miss Lizzie White presiding at the piano. These entertainments are steadily advancing in attendance and growing in perfection are looked forward to itll pleasure by young and old alike. clioral seIection s rlects, cedit on thle untiring energy of the Misses lWhite in bringing their young charges so ably forward. The prograinme was:-Choir "Scatter seeds of kindness"; reci tation, "A tale of love," Miss Tiiny Siillito; solo, " The flowcr girl," MissAmy Cihadwick, (the gem of the evening); choir -" Bright Water"; reci tation, " Thoughtful Alice," Miss E. Schiller.; pianoforte duet. Misses L. and F. White; address, Mr. Adams; choir, " When the bright Sun"; reading, " The way to Heaven." the clhirmian; solo, " Never forget tle dear ones," Clara Knox; recitation, " Up the airy mountain." Laura Chadwick; song, "A hungry fox," Misses L. Marshall, and K. Chadwick; choir, " When the drink is in."-0ur energetic townsman, Mr. Jas. Alford, has started in a new business having recently purchased the drapery stock of Messrs. Wade & Co., in Alford's buildings, where a con tinuance of that business is to be carried on. If energy be deserving of support Mr. Alford is justly entitled to it, not alone frolm a business point of view but likewise in having been at much expense in extending our business establish nents and erecting a row of handsome villas. It speaks well for the perseverance of our iRabbit Inspector, and the united action of landholders, that bunny is being vigorously hounded down ; in places where the rodent swarmced in hundredsi nosw only a solitary one will here and there cross one's path. The rabbit slayers are comiplaining that they get few young ones, and fewer old, and shooting parties whlo have gone out for an afternoon's sport have returned lhoue without expending a single shot, save at a passing bird. The Argus correspondent at Ballarat states that next week will be notallle in the annals of the Ilomuan: Catholic Chiurcl in tlat district. The cathedral will lie consecrated on Sunday imorning, when Pontificial High Mass will be celebrated with grand orchestral accomupaniment, and a I sermon will be preached by the Cardinal Arch bishop of Sydney. At vespi-rs in tlie evening, Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, will till tle pulpit. Tihe Cathedral hlias been closed during the past couple ofimonths to allow of the decora tions being carried out in a most finished style, and for a long time past the musical arrange ments, whicll are to be of a most elaborate character, have been in rehearsal. No cathedral can be consecrated unless absolutely free frosn debt, and thle Ballarat cathedral will be the first to be consecrated in Austra!asia. In addition to Cardinal Moran and his secretary. Dr. OHaran, there will be no fewer than thirteen prelates present on the occasion, including the leading bishops of the sister colonies and New Zealand, this being the largest number ever gathered together in one town in tlhe southern henisphere. On Sunday afternoon Biishop Moore will entertain about 150 visitors and the leading citizens of all religions sections at tie Holy Ghost College. On Monday evening one of the visiting prelates will address the men's section of the Confraternity of the Holy Family. On Tuesday, at 11 o'clock n.m., thle memorial stone of the monastery of the lRedemptorist Fathers will be laid, to be followed by a luncheon on the grounds at St. Mary's, XWendource, uand in thle evening the children of Loretto Convent will tender a welcome to the Sdistinguished visitors. Thle latter will also be swelcomed during thie week by the children of the other institutions in Ballarat, and on Friday evening one of the visiting prelates will address thie women's section of the Confraternity of the j Holy Family. The return match between fourteen of the local detaclhment of cadets, and a similar munber of Albert Park corps, took place last Saturday at thie N. Williamstown butts. The result was a victory for the local team by 113 points. The scores were-- Bacchus Marsh, 412 at 100 yards; 258 at 200 yards. Albert Park-I85 at 100 yards; 172 at 200 yards. Advices from Queensland state that a second bore put down at Tara Station, Barcaldine, is tlowing at the rate of 170,000 gallons in 24 hours. The bore was started in March, and is now down 2,100 feet. A third bore has been put down, the depth being 1,500 feet.. We are informed that a sufficient number of shares have been applied for in the Cataract Gold Mining Company to ensure its success, and work will be commenced about the beginning of the new year. The share list closes on Saturday next, and it is not the intention of the Directors to extend the time, consequently persons wishing to obtain shares must apply for thenm before that date. Mr. Tippet, an experienced Mining Manager, inspected the claim last Tuesday, and was highly pleased with the prospects obtained in his prcesece, and from portions of the drive not hitherto thought to contain payable wash. General Booth declared, very truly, at his firewell meeting in Melbourne, that in all Aus tralia he had not seen above three or four patches of land that lie counted properly cultivated, and they belonged to Chinamen. Then came the cry of "Australia for the Austrailians." But who were the Australians ; Many of the people who were loudest in raising the cry had only been here a few months. Where did these Australians get the land from that they should sit down like dogs in the manger and neither use the lanl themselves inor let anyone else do so ? What did they want ? They wanted men to go on to the lund, not stick in the towns; men to own the lind, who would work it and be satisfied with a living. People ailays said to him, " Where's your market ?" He didn't want a market. "hBut what are you going to do with your pro duce ?" His people were going to eatit. If the dispute between capital and labour were ever to be settled it must be on the basis of " co- opera tion," and he was going to try co-operative tlhrming on a large scale. At the above uceeting i cheque for £10,000 was handed to General Booth as the result of the self-denial week. "The guilty scramble of the sects" formed (says the Argus) the subject of some earnest and forcible remarks in the inaugural :address of the chairman of the Congregational Union on Tuesday night. Certain sections of the city, ihe complained, are deluged with missions and over run with competing sects, whilst others are almost unilknown and uncalred for. There are 1.128 ministers in the colony, which number gives 783 people to every minister, or, taking five as the average of a flinily, a little over 156 fanilies to each minister, not far from the ideal of iRuskin, of a bishop to every 100 fiamilies. But some places ha've too many people for the churches; others too s umany churches fbr the people. Strik ing figures were cited to " give an unvarnished story of the unholy rivalry and selfish compe tition of the sects." Of the cities, five, with a total population of 128,827, have one church for every 530 people. In the towns the best pro vision offers a church for every 800 people. The borough towns show an average of a church for every 616 people, one town possessing a church for every 80. Of the shire towns, 35 have an average of one church for every 00. And amongst them are found such examples as these :--One little town, having 44 inlhabitants, possesses three churches, or one church for every 14 people; another has G6 people and four churches, or one church for every 17. 1While competition was good in spiritual and temlporal things alike, fiacts such as these, it was urged, show something umore than competition--unholy rivalry breeding sectarian jealousy and religious indifference. Indeed, at least in one district, the contest of sects was so keen that some who used to go to church found it safer and better from sa business point of view to hold aloof fronm all. The matter was earnestly coammended to the consideration of a fiiendly colucil of representatives of the great Protestant churches. The following letter appeared in the Argus: It m:ay interest some of your readers to learn that tihe seed of the black wattle (Acacia decur rens) requires about fourteen months to come to naturity. The blossom is now fully out; ininute pods form and remain on the trees through the winter, being scarcely noticeable in June. lle pods of last year have now attained their fill size, and cluster on the twigs just below the blossom of this season. The pods become dry and the seeds dispersed between Cluistmas and New Year's DiLy. In preparing the seed for _ ..ý I.." 1..1 m.fw l am oxporh neultCý Bllrtm 1' usual miethodl of pouring boiling water on the seed is unnatural, and not nearly so effective as a process of steaming. Place the seed in a vessel dry, and this vessel in as saucepan with cold seater in it ; raise the temperature until boiling point is reached ; continue the boiling for five or six minutes, or until the whole of the seed is raised to that temperature. The seed can be sown at once, and will be much healthier and stronger than if preparedl in thee usual way. For all acacias or seeds having tough or hard integu ,mients this process will answer.-Yours, &c.;, E. J. D]u.s. The following telegram appeared in the Argus: \--ondon, Nov. 16. Successful attempts to induce rainfall by artificial means have been made in Miadras. :By the explosion of dynamite upon the hill-tops, rain was caused over a radius of five miles. The heat on Sunday was followed by rain on Wednesday, when 37 points fell, most of it at night. On Thnrsday 49 points fell. This rain will be injurious to hay makers. The rain on Thursday diminished the attend ance at Mr. Mogg's sale at Glemnore, and al though at start was made the auctioneers did not think they could do justice to thee vendor, and the sale was therefore postponed, but we have not heard that any date has been fixed. The sheep will not starve in the meantime, as grass was never more abumdant on the Glemnore estate. 