"OLD CONVICT TIMES to GOLD DIGGING DAYS'' ——ooOoo—— Complete History of Australian Life for 50 Years. BY A NOW LIVING EX-CONVICT, AGED 72. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] PART I.—A REALLY DARK ENGLAND. CHAPTER I.—EARLY DAYS, APPRENTICESHIP. BULL-BAITING, COCK-FIGHT- ING, DOG-FIGHTING. II.—A RUNAWAY APPRENTICE. CANAL LIFE. THE OUTBREAK OF CHOLERA. III.—BARBAROUS CUSTOMS. SELLING A WIFE BY PUBLIC AUCTION. BULL-BAITING AGAIN. IV.—A FIGHT AMD WHAT CAME OF IT. ADVENTURES ON THE ROAD. V.—A FRIENDLY PEDLAR. VI.—A STRANGE MURDER. VII.—UNJUSTLY CHARGED. VIII.—THE HULKS. ______ From distant climes, o'er wide-spread seas we come, Though not with much eclat or beat of drum. True patriots all, for, be it understood, We left our country for our country's good : No private views disgrac'd our generous zeal, What wig'd our travels was our country's weal, And none will doubt, but that our emigration Has proved most useful to the British nation. INTRODUCTORY. The following narrative, which has come into the possession of the proprietors of the Evening News, will, though a record of actual experience, be found to contain episodes that have never been surpassed in any novel. It shows the career of one who, arriving in this part of the world as a convict, gradually, and not without some temporary slips backward, worked his way to a position of competence and respectability, finally arriving at a point sufficiently assured for him to be able to reveal his past without fear of anyone making it a reproach to him. His record incidentally shows, set forth as nearly as possible in his own words, a state of society that has now passed away almost as com- pletely as the dark ages. Touching England one reads in our hero's recol- lections of the Midlands almost as savage as when John Wesley preached through them—a region of bull-baiting, dog-fighting, and sports even more barbarous still. Journeying with the writer to the southern half of the globe, there is revealed in sober matter of fact the horrors of Van Dieman's Land as vividly as the late Marcus Clarke dealt with them in fiction. Turning to the continent the details of "Robbery under Arms" find confirmation in reminis- cences of such celebrated bushrangers as Gardiner and the Clarkes; and there is, too, a picture of diggers, lucky and un- lucky, their triumphs, and their disappointments and reverses, which has not yet been equalled in popular lite- rature. The wild days of the fifties are traced from the breaking out of the Turon goldfield to the finding of the 200 ounce nugget at New Chum Hill, and thence right down to the present times of half-exhausted fields and veterans, who could once come down to Sydney on sprees of almost fabulous proportions, working for wages on the scenes of their former glories. Taking up these pages one can again see the gold escort start in the days when gold escorting was a ser- vice of real danger; one can hear the ever fresh tale of the masked des- perado waiting for the old lumbering coach at the lonely turn of the road; and above all it can be seen that even the "old hands" had much in them of good sturdy stuff, and were often more the victims of circumstances and of harsh laws than possessed by any inherent wickedness. In presenting the narrative an attempt has been made to preserve a plan by which the various phases in the life of a man of the old times will be kept distinct, and in intelligible sequence. Now to our story: The history of William Derricourt, or Day, once of Darliston, England, now of Sofala, New South Wales. PART I. A REALLY DARK ENGLAND. CHAPTER I.—EARLY DAYS. I was born on June 5, 1819, at a house between the Maypole and the Pack Horse Inns, in King's Norton, Worcestershire, England. I was one of a family of four brothers and two sisters. In due course of time I was sent to school, where, if I did not shine at my books, I certainly showed the same turn for mischief and adventure which, dis- tinguished my future life, though I can truly say that even in those early days I had a good heart, and was ready to stand up for the weak and oppressed. The first adventure that I can remember had not anything much to do with those amiable traits. On the occasion to which I refer I had been crowned with the "dunce's cap," the mark of disgrace at the "dame's school" I attended, and had been locked into an empty room, doomed to remain there until the dismissal of the school. I looked about—as I had to do many times after- ward—for the means of escape from what I considered undeserved tyranny. Seeing no way out but the chimney, I at once made up my mind to try that. Being of rather stout build for my age I only suc- ceeded in climbing up the flue after much straining and squeezing. When I got to the top of the flue my troubles were not over, as I found the exit was narrowed by the usual chimney- pot, on the presence of which I might have counted. Nothing daunted I forced my head and arm through, but there stuck. In my struggles I unshipped the obstacle, and toppled over with it crash into a bed of onions which were the particular hobby of my good schoolmistress. This incident had an importance little thought of at the time. Fifty years after- ward, however, it was remembered and helped to identify me when, after all my wanderings, I returned home to become party to a Chancery suit. My other youthful ad- ventures, as fights, etc., I will pass over as not so closely foreshadowing my future career, and will turn to a most important event—my apprenticeship. I was apprenticed early to one Toby Duffell, a gun lock filer, and also a pub- lican, living on the Leas, near the Ranters' Chapel, in Darliston. Here my teaching was so varied that my attention to my proper work was much hindered. My master was an inveterate fancier and breeder of bull- dogs and game cocks. Bull-baiting on Monday and cock-fighting on Tuesday was the order of the week. Young as I was, having to stand on a box at the vice while using the file, these sports had a great attraction for me. I lost no opportunity of making myself acquainted with some of any master's dog-breaking tricks. The old story is true that, to prove the tenacity and, courage of a bull slut, first one front paw and then the other would be lopped off, and after each opera- tion the unfortunate beast would be tried to see whether it would face the charge of a bull. This barbarity was practised on beasts incapacitated from active service by loss of teeth. If they stood the test they were nursed and tended so as to be fit for breeding purposes. The most promising of a litter of pups had more care than their owner's children. As the pups grew up they were confined in a darkened place and were not allowed to see anyone but my master or myself, or be handled by any other person. So keen was Duffell about dog-fighting, that be- fore a match I have seen him run his tongue all over his opponent's animal to make sure that no bitter aloes, or other drug, had been applied to prevent his dog seizing and holding. Brought up in this school, and having it always dinned into me that the man who keeps a fighting dog must be a fight- ing man, it is very little wonder that I got some of the nature of those around me —men and dogs alike. Having shown some fighting qualities, I was frequently backed and forced to take part in what in Darliston was called "French and En- glish." For French and English two boys were matched to "fight to a finish" in this style : Each boy was perched on the legs tightly, leaving his arms free. In this position the two boys met in a real ding- shoulders of a man who held his (the boy's) dong, hammer and tongs sort of fashion. The boys were unable to get away, being kept up to it by their bearers, and after battering and bruising each other for a time one would have to cry for quarter. From my many successful engagements in this style I was a great favorite among the fighting people, and was soon fitted to look on at something worse. In a close room where, for the sake of security, pokers and tongs were chained to the grate, a number of rats, bought for the purpose from the rat- catcher, were turned loose, and men with their hands tied behind their backs undertook to worry the beastly crea- tures, using, of course, only their teeth, as dogs might have done. The men com- peted as to who should kill the greatest number. A curious Darliston custom to try the pluck of boys was observed at intervals of about six months. About thirty of the toughest youths of Darli- ston were picked out and matched against a like number of youths from Wilnon, which was a town about a mile distant, the canal from Birmingham to Walsall separating the two places. On the bridge crossing the canal and leading to a field known as the Leisures the parties met, and under the leadership of several captains and officers endeavored, using no weapons but hands and feet, arms and legs, to force one another back. This was never accom- plished without the loss of much blood and skin, and had sometimes resulted in fatal injuries. Boys were bruised and stunned, or fell, or were thrown, over the bridge into the canal, escaping as best they could. Drownings had been known. After the scrimmage the wounded were wheeled to their homes on barrows. On the left-hand side of the road, between Wilnon and the Canal Bridge stood a building known as the Red Barn. A murder had been committed in it, and it was generally supposed to be haunted. A young man from Wilnon, who used to come courting my master's servant, was so afraid of passing this barn after dark that he hit upon the strange notion of always pushing before him, when he parted out late, a wheelbarrow with a creaking wheel that could be heard half a mile off. This he seemed to think would frighten the ghost. He was never meddled with anyhow, and brought his courting to a happy end. CHAPTER II.—A RUNAWAY APPRENTICE. So far my apprenticeship had gone on to my master's satisfaction. But one day my mistress gave me the remains of a pot of beef broth to give to the dogs. I set this down, without seeing that there was in it a piece of hard shin-bone. One of my master's best dogs seized this bit of bone, and was quietly gnawing it in a corner when its owner unfortunately came in, and fearing his pet's teeth, would be destroyed turned his fury upon me, and so beat me that I at once bolted, and, for the time, cut his acquaint- ance and lock-filing. Having made my escape I wandered along the Leisures until I was lucky enough to obtain employment at half-a-crown a week on the fly boat running to Worcester. My business was to take the shift either day or night in driving the towing horses. After some time I learned to steer the boat, and gave up the whip to another hand. In passing the locks it was my place to assist in opening and shutting the look gates, and, as I was deficient in strength for this purpose, my employer bestowed on me heavier curses, and still heavier blows. So fearfully was I beaten that I determined to take French leave of this fresh water sailing. Learning from a lad on the boat that, in a tunnel through which we had to pass for a distance of two miles, there was a sort of landing place, I made up my mind to jump off the boat I was steering, unseen by the man who was "legging" her through the tunnel. TO BE CONTINUED. 