jpluiedlanciiita Jtridltflcmie. Dalton, the Foveaux-street murderer,- to be hanged on November 17. It is estimated that property valued at one. million sterling is destroyed by floods in France.- The White Star steamer Teutonic made the passaze from Gueenstowri tn Now York in ft days 21 hours, the fastest on' record. t Fifty-four thousand members of the Cardiff Union joined a federation promoted by the Lon don shipping employees. During a severe thunderstorm which passed over Croydon a man who had taken refuge un der a tree was struck by lightning and killed. His head was toru open and his boats stripped from his feet. A man named John Andrewson, a native of Montrose, recently died at Cardiff, aged 101, being born June 20, 1790. His career was a re markable one. He went to sea When 14 years old, and left it wben7'l. He visited nearly every part of the globe. There are parrots in New Zealand that live on sheep flesh. They attack the living flocks and bite out the flesh with their strong beaks, \- choosing the portions in the small of the hack, where the fat about the kidneys is especially succulent. There are certain birds— some of the cuckoos of the old world and the common 'cow black birds of America — -which never build nests of their own, but lay their eggs in the nests of other birds and leave thein to be hatched by foster mothers. professor Lee, chief of the Bowdoin College Exploration party, has returned from Labrador. He claims to have discovered a race of Montagu nais Indians hitherto unknown to white men, and has brought back a valuable collection of natural history specimens. The fish species which he lias collected are double the number known to exist in those waters. A plan was formed to frighten to death a cer tain Tim CaBey on his return from market by night past the churchyard. As lie passed the usual turnip, white sheet, and lantern of llie con ventional ghost were submitted to his gaze, with the customary wierd howls. Tim, however, simply looked fixedly at the apparition for a moment, and remarked, " Arrah, now, and is it a general resurrection, or are ye just taking a walk by yerself ?" A remarkable elopement is reported from Cardiff. A girl named Matilda Sadler, aged 15, left -home on Saturday morning for the purpose of going to business. As she did not return in quiries were made, which elicited the fact that she had eloped with a man with'a wooden leg. They were seen together at the railway sjation, and it is believed that they have gone to Liver pool. Shocking disclosures were made in an inquiry held by the East London Coroner into the cir cumstances attending the death of the infant son of a fisii-curer's assistant, named Holland. The man's earnings averaged from eight to- nine shil lings a week, half of which went in rent, and lie had seven children dependent upon him. When-, his wife went into the Union' Infirmary, it is stated that the Guardians demanded a contribu tion of five shillings a week, telling iiim that if she did not pay that amount she would have to go out. The fourth annual conference of the Catholic Truth Society was opened lately at Westminster Town Hall, Cardinal Manning, who presided, said the society was supplying an absolute need for the Catholic Church in England. Some time ago that Church was buried, invisible, and in audible, but of late years this had not been the case, and in fact they had been more audible than some of their friends would wish. He re joiced that the social question was largely to bo discussed at the present conference. To look after the moral and social welfare of all men was legitimately the work of the Catholic Church. A letter was read from Cardinal Rampolli, con veying the blessing of His Holiness the Pope upon the deliberations of the conference, and ex pressing the sentiment that the social problem was the most important one. The Hon. Daniel O'Connor, Postmaster-Gen eral in the la'e Parkes Government, was, a few years ago, seeking for a seat in Parliament in opposition to Sir Henry Park«-s. An irqnisilive elector asked him " why he did not ask Sir Henry Parkes to appoint him to a seat in the Upper House ? _\Ir. O'Connor replied sternly Any man who would accept a seat in the Legislative Council of New Son ill YV ales on the sole iiomiu-. -atiOi. of Sir Henry Parkes must" have a poor senBe of honor. There are men in the Council who were never intended by God or man to be there, and I have not the slightest doubt they were appointed by Sir Henry Parkes. I should' bo ready for one to wipe out of political exist ence sncb soullees beings." By the erne! irony of fate in September, 1891, the Hon. Daniel O'Connor, after being defeated ir. two constituen cies, accepted from Sir Henry Parkes a seat in the despised Legislative Council. Nowadays we are exposed to dangers that our fathers never experienced. Our ancestors never losL their lives by contact with electric cables, boiler or gas explosions, or tram accidents ; these perils were unknown in their days. Modern civilisation has much to do with the present high rnte of mortality. The struggle for existence and race for wealth enervates the body, wears the people out, and hurries them into the grave at a pace unknown in earlier epochs. The con- linuul physical and nervous strain impairs, the vitality of even the most robust constitution, and the result is that liver complaints and nervous diseases are unirersaliy prevalent and energetic treatment is necessary, or chronic disease will inevitably set in. "A stitch in time saves nine," and a course of Clement's Tonic taken at the ap proach of disease will save many a valuable life. Mrs. Preatl, ladies' nurse and accouchese, 4, llownlree-street (corner of Spring-street), Bal main, N.S.W., has been a resident of the district for tnnuj- years, practising her profession as a midwife. She lias suffered severely from liver and kidney troubles for years ; and gives the fol lowing account of her case : — Dear Sir, — Having beer) a victim to advanced liver disease for years, and tried all the medical treatment the neighbor hood affords, I atn only too happy to bear wit ness to the wonderful results obtained by Clem ents Tonic. I have been an inmate of Balmain Cottage Hospital, and have had the experience and attention of every doctor in Balmain, being under tlieit treatment for mouths, all without the slightest benefit. 1 suffered with chronic con stipation complicated with an anal fistula, which rendered the action of the bowels impossible without the use of instruments, and the torturing pain was unbearable. I was a martyr to head aches, always languid,, tired, and excessively weak ; no inclination or ability to move about, and totally unable to do aiiy housework for tiie last two years. I commenced the use of Clem ents Tonic, and before I was through the second bottle tho effect was realty marvellous. I could eat, work,, and sleep, my pains and aches ceased, and I felt a different woman entirely. My bowels acted freely and without any of the intense pain I used to suffer. I have not the slightest hesita tion in saying that Clements Tonic is a most wonderfully effective remedy ; it lias cured me and made me strong again, when doctors and hospitals have failed. I am only too pleased to give in>' testimony in favor of Clements T'onic, as it may be the means of saving other poor sufferers from the misery and torture I have en dured . I recommend Clements Tonic to my friends, and in every case where it has been used it h ab been equally effective. I Blinll only be too happy to give suflerere proof of its virtues if necessary. Yours very gratefully, Mrs. A. Preatt," " Tbi6 case Jjas been tinder our observation for some trine, and wo can testify that the above is a true account of satne. Patterson and Co , chemists, Balmain.'' " I can also bear witness to the truth of Mrs. Preatt's testimony. Jno. G. D. Kent, M.P.S.P 140 Short street, Balmain, N.S;W." 