The Indian War. .London, January 0. Reports received from tho United Btater atate that a batilo is now raging at Pino Ridgo between the hostilo Indian-, untl tlio American troops, which is proving disastrous to tho latter. With regard to tho Indian outbreak in tho United Status, it is stated that the Sinux nation numbers nearly 30,000 mcinbors, and is the most powerful tribe of Indians in North America. inas9uuro(i thu white settlers of Minnesota, where they were then located. Subdued, thoy were removed to thuir present reservations in Dakota. But thoy were again in conflict with the United States troops in 1875 and 1670. Tho warliko agitation among tho Sioux of Dakota proceeds from quite an exceptional cauBo,.if tho American telegrams tell tho wholu truth. Proviousrisings have gonomlly beon duo to shortness of rations, and so. many charges, of malversation havo beon proved in former time# against tlio agents ap pointed by tho American Government to lnolc after tho welfare of tho Indians that (says tho Times) a suspicion is apt to nrino that tho offending tribes havo not rocuivcd fair treatment. But tbo causo of tho di&nuiot; iu the present case appears to -bo that tho Sioux are possessed with the idea that a Messiah ia about to appear, who will exterminate tho white man. Ho has failed to rauka his appearance this month, ns tho pro phets had announced. But tho warlike ardour of tlio Sioax, having once been aroused, is not disposed to bo exacting over trifles, and is quito satisfied with tho explanation that tho event has been postponed for tlio present. Thn Now York Tribuno says: — No class of savages is more widuly imaginativo than tho Amorican Indian, and none la capablo of wilder work under tho influence of religious delusion. Theso facts nro particularly truo of tho Sioux, nitd although this new dream of conquest is not confined to tho Dakota tribes, it seems to have originated among thorn, and ia receiving its greatest power for harm from their beiiof in it. They are not only by far tho most nuntorous body of Wild Indians now living, but thoy aro tho bravest, tho crudest, tlio most fanatical, and tho least tract- ablo. Thoy havo tho bc6t Icadcrsand tholnrgoat their tribal customs. They are proud of thoir history, loyal to thoir traditions, and faithful to their chlof mon. A largo body of them is still wild, implacablo, and vicious. Tho Indian# composing it rarely appoar at tho agencies, and cling tenaciously to their barbarous ways. Thoy entertain a vast contempt for tho white man's civilisation, and keep their minds evor dwelling on tho timo when tho Indian will again bo supromoon tho soil of which thoy consider I10 has boon despoiled only as n punishment of tho Almighty, The " Coming of too Ghosts " is not a strango idea to tlio Indian mind. In ono form or another it is a common superstition, and although largo scctiona of ovory tribo havo accmca, from timo to time, to grow weaker in tho faith thoy put iu it, thoro ia no doubt tiiat con certed action on tho part of their chiefs and mcdicino-mcnmightcaailvrovivoit. Fortunately, tho rod man has only a feobto talent for organi sation. Men liko Joseph, tho Nez Forces, ablo to direct largo bodies of savages and to compel obedienco to his will, aro exceedingly rare, and when they havo dovalopcd in tho past, our groat Christian Government lias generally succeeded in bribing them before thoy did much harm. But it is almost impossible to eradicate super- etitioii from the mind of an Indian, and it is astonishing what silly thing# ho will accept, and what preposterous folly ho will commit, undsr its ovil influence. In many cases no amount of education will suffice to break its spoil, and In dian# who havo been taught iu Eastern Schools, and havo brcomo familiar with tho lifo of great cities, havo hereafter taken tho most conspicuous parts in fanatical disturbances. 