TRUE COLONIST IN ENGLAND. BY fliiANT Alua, We are lucky people, we colonists, and I'll tell you why I think so. Looking this morning over Mr. Joseph Jacobs's English Fairy 'Tales a most fascinating work, without which no young gentleman's library will henceforth be complete- it occurred to me suddenly, as a curious exemplification of a general law already well known, that we in England should have had to wait so long for an honest and painstaking collection of our national folk-stories, till a colonist from the Antipodes came round and did the work for us. For Mr. Jacobs is a returned Australian, and he has picked up these quaint old English tales, redolent of the soil in every word and phrase, from the very mouths of their traditional narrators, the nurses and country people, in all the lucy freshness of popular phraseology And as I sat in my study-, pen in hand, awaiting inspiration, this particular case suggested to me at once a few cursory remarks on the general principle it illustrates so well-the principle that if you want an intelligent interest in longhand and English affairs you must go most often, not to an Englishman born, but to a colonist of (what comes to the same thing in this connection an American, in order to get it in its fullest perfection. I am competent to speak on this question, I believe, for I am a colonist myself-" it mere colonist" my English wife says to me sometimes when she wants to be very crash- ing though not, indeed, an Australian, but only a Canadian. And the colonist who has lived long enough in England to have read himself into the very heart and core . of English life has a grasp of England and a conception of Englishvy which the mere Englishman born in his one-sided way can never hope to emulate. For one reason, obviously, the Englishman born has no second term to his attempted comparison ; he judges England by itself alone, not by something else which is a measure and ngnugeofit. Even if he be traveller, cosmopolitan, wide-minded ; even if he be Gathered, Italianate, Indified, he remains to the last an Englishman still he may see other countries by the light of England and the light of one another; he can't possibly see England by- the light of other countries, he might just as well try to quit his own skin, to get outside himself bodily-, and forms calmly critical and impartial idea of his own appearance, manners, voice, and conduct. England is, and must be to the end, his real standard of reference. That, I say-, is one reason for the superiority of the colonist as an observer and critic of English life-he sees it from outside but it isn't the only one. The fact is, habit has blunted the average Englishman's senses to much that is most delightful and picturesque in England and in Englishmen. To take a single example, look at the wonderful charm which the antiquity of England exerts over every cultivated mind from the young English-speaking countries beyond the sea. To the squire's son, born in the manor house and to the manner born, the lad brought up in some great school of mediaeval origin, it is nothing much that the village church where he sits on Sunday's was founded before the Norman Conquest; that the chancel window retains traces of Saxon masonry; that the leaders in the aisle date back to the dim beginning of Plantagenet times that the brasses recall the Wars of the Roses that the effigies on the altar tombs are clad in Elizabethan ruffs and doubles., All that, to him, is merely part of the natural home surroundings ; he accepts it as matter of course ; he has grown up to it all from his childhood without ever con- sciously recognising its antiquity or its historic interest. The red deer in the park, descendants perhaps of lowly sires that Shakspeare went stealing, are no more to him than the sheep on some Victorian hill- side to his Australian brother. The cloisters of Winchester or the antique towers of Eton are no more to him than the square block of M'Gill College or Toronto University to his Canadian compeer. He accepts them in thinking. Home is home, and school is school, though the home be as ancient as Ightham Mote and the school as venerable us Charterhouse or Christ's Hospital in London went to the colonist and especially to the educated refined and even atted colonist what a world of difference ! What phantasy dragons of associated ideas ! His delight in this old world sun rings England this last in the resenting historical anti-social fossil that unfolds its quaint relics so fairly before his it is, is indeed in many cases in boarded and inexpressible It is so (banning to find oneself the glorious summer thousand even in I richard "glorious summer tints let us admit, are not wholly unknown menace to face at last with all those stoned utilities that have been to one hitherto mere words of all farmers fables of the poets AMij even nature itself ever young as she is bears m Inland a certain an ot antiquity cast over hilly the lines of 1 nghshpoitij Can those really is promises those have yellow blossoms that hunger still under the shadow of the blackthorn in the walled'' Can this really be daisiLS those pink tipped little stars pied on the surface of the Village come mother Is that really a foxglove that tall fairy flower neering from a hedge that by which Milton may have lingered' Is that really a belief that invisible speck lost in the clear blue vault. over head and killing the same song that Shelley uncle immortal' You can t pull a demanding a without a thought of Wordsworth joueant either a lady smock or a 1 nig cup in the holds without hearing some faint echo of the Bvv act song in C Mullins and every day the colonist lives in J n.lanl thischnim of antiquity, of a storied past of a world more ancient than the wind The grew up in easts its powerful spell stronger and still stronger as time goes on around and I've often noticed indeed that the Anglicised colonist of American loves 1 England in the end ten thousand times better than the English them selves can do He has learnt its points It was noted long; ago that the German settlers' in Ireland became after a while more Irish than Inshinen-ipsin Roberts Ilibeniwies It is equally true 1 fancy that the colonist who settles for some years in I England becomes in time not per li ips mort 1 English but at least more of an England w worshipper than Englishmen them s Ives Sometimes even he finds it hard to (say it up this new found wealth of any suit or association and to return once more in con trast to the crude, bald elements of iniboplns treated in time as he finds them in the land of his own entry in England has enslaved line as 1 Forence often enslave the level of art or as Paris enslav es the devotee of pleasure young Englishmen can go out to the colonies and never miss those features of England which make it impossible, sometimes for the Anglicised colonist to return without a pang to the land he was born in Nevertheless it is most commonly. England herself, not Englishmen or 1 nghshwomen that the files the fancy of our inventions J n0hsh speaking colonial youth It is the soil not the people the customs and institutions, not the life of the society I spoke of the common just now that gorse did common to be found in or about almost every ancient 1 English village Well looks the wealth of association that clings about such an expanse of furze and heather there's one not far from my own adopted home at Doll inga beautiful stretch called Holm wood Common the waste of the manor of Holmwood which the Conqueror! himself bestowed as a guerdon upon his natural daughter sundials that famous lath and w lath still remains in the han la of her lineal descendant the present Duke of Norfolk, the end of the House of Howard Every year.- about that common bushes to my soul oh is now antiquity Its the last remnant of the close sort old forest of Holmwood where in Defoe is time the ten lined stags were accounted the finest deer in all England The very name itself is West Saxon for the Holly Wood, and in lead the hills and dales are all red with clustered bunches of holly berries i in the Christmas season to the present day Earlier still than the Conquest that dark caused. forest held out successfully against the Danish invaders of Wessex and the proud local Why me is not even now forgotten- ?- , 11 The weekly- vale of Holmesdale Never they won, he never shall." Fancy what it is to take one's morning walk daily over such a storied common, past the Norfolk Arms Inn, with the cognisance of the Howards' swinging free in the breeze on its lofty pole, and look- ? ing across the wide valley below the famous white chalk downs of Kent' and Surrey,' threaded by the dim track of the Pilgrim's Way-, to the rotten borough of Gatton, conspicuous on the slope, and the ancient town' of East Grinstead, where the franchise rested for many centuries unchallenged in the twelve upright stones of a pre- historic circle like Stonehenge or Aycbuiy ! These memories are the things that make the' colonist love England with a passing great love. And yet the Englishman himself seldom needs them or thinks of them. To him' they are merely common incidents of every- day life, hardly more picturesque or hardly more to be dwelt upon than a modern hotel or a first-class railway carriage. He has always known them all alike, as component parts of the complex world by which he has been surrounded from babyhood upward. Fnuiiliiintj*, we all know, breeds contempt, and he takes no more heed of a twelfth century church than you and I would take of a gas-lamp, or to water-bag. It is we who have the best of it let us plume ourselves on our advantages. All the best books about London, indeed, are written by Americans. All the historic sites of England are visited most by Yankees and by colonists. There are plenty of Englishmen who have never so much as seen Oxford, or Durham, or Salisbury, or Lincoln ; there are plenty of Londoners, well born and well bred, who have trooped every day from Brompton to Tall Hall, but have never passed through the doors of Westminster Abbey-. It's Jonathan who strolls observant along the Rows at Chester ; who hunts up the quaint nooks of the Temple or Staples Inn who follows JMnce Uni through the taverns of Eastcheap ; who tracks Filled ames from Callander to the Trossachs. I It's Jonathan who invented and patented Leamington, that most delightful of all centres for seeing at one fell swoop so much that's most characteristic and most beautiful in midland England. There, within, easy reach of a clean and comfortable modern town, replete with lodgings, the mediæval world seems to deploy itself on purpose before the delighted eyes of its observant posterity. Hard by stands Warwick, that picturesque, antique town, with Warwick Cos tie on one side, stateliest of still inhabited Plantagenet keeps, 'nndLeicester'shospitftl in its midst most delicious ofpaigettcd Elizabethan town houses. A field path, more ancient than a Roman road, leads you across the meadows to Guy's Cliff, with its fabled memories of the mid- land champion and the great Dun Cow. The leafiest of avenues conducts to Coventry, Lady Godiva Coventry, where Peeping Tom, in effigy-, still looks forth from a window compact of thankless day with blinded eyes, on the three tall spires of three median al churches, Not far off lies Kenilworth, noblest and most exquisitely situated of ruined castles, led stone and green ivy, still haunted by the pale ghost of Amy Robsart. An easy drive takes you across to Stratford-on-Avon, where the lover of art and nature can admire one of the loveliest churches placed in one of the loveliest situations in England. And yet the English themselves don't know Leamington, or remember it only as a wayside station on the Great Western branch line from London to Birmingham. Hut the colonist I Ah, the colonist I to him how different me all these glorious associations I He can give up for them at least, some of us can-even the sense of breadth, and elbow-room, and freedom, and breeziness that comes from the vast spaciousness of a new and half-stocked country. We are, indeed, above all others the true inheritors of this accumulated wealth of historical interest. It is ours, and ours only, Not only are we come to the heritage of the English language, but also we are heirs of the English institutions, the English nationality, the English ideas, the English sports and pastimes and exercises. Even the very absurdities and internally and injustices of England, which the Englishman, naturally enough desires to get off of me to us (whom they dont inconvenience) mere picturesque survivals of the Stuarts or the I adore I remember crossing the Atlantic once, indeed, with an enthusiastic young American who came to England full of mental pictures dom id from his head ing of Shul spean, Scott and T Thackray, and to buy the very pigs developed any special literary interest At a In erpool rail way station he went into the refreshment room The young family with the painfully too/led han who presided over the country, pressed upon his attention the merits of Evans s pork pies ' pork-pie exclaimed raj Vinci him companion seizing the dangerous morsel with cultured awaits "How delicious How English ' AA h j, don't you know you lead of the in in Dickens! And when he saw on the paper covering the magic legend Patronised by his Grace the Did e of Kutluiid and the gentlemen of the Melton Mowbray Hunt, I believe his courage almost failed him, and he had nus givings as to whether it was not sheer desperation to cut and cat so sacred an ob- ject He seemed to think that ducal pork pie should be carefully preserved in a glass case and exhibited for the adoration and admiration of the faithful, like the Holy Wood at Houses, on Bills feast days and fists als to enjoy this great privilege of seeing 1 England for the first time with adult and observant eyes, it is almost worth while, 1 fancy, to be born a colonist I recommend that (course, indeed, to all disembodied spirits at present on the look out for an earthly tabernacle So and so only can they gave forth upon 1 England at last 5th English eyes, jet instated by custom and undimmed by the dense mists of childish familiarity J he colonist in England sees the cream of the pain as lookers on proverbially see most of the "same Letter come unexpectedly into a great estate than be brought up as heir to it, and so miss the freshness of first realised | tion _ 