*■' .... -UJ ■ ■■■- I THE GHOST OF THB BLUE CHAMBER. Uncle John jtold -us a story. Dnc'> John said perhaps we were not aware <>t it, but there was a haunted >*<>ou) in that very house. He said that for years no body had been able to sleep in " the blu^ chamber" (they called the room next to the nursery the " blue chamber.'' nea< h the whole of tha toilet set being of that shade) oo Christinas Eve, owing to it? being regularly visited during that par ticular night by the ghost of a man who had killed a Christmas wait with a lump of coal. But tbiB was only one of the crimes that the man had committed. A peripatetic solo cornet player had wander ed into the town one day, had played a selection of popular airs (with variations) just outside this man's gate, had been seen afterwards going into the house, but had never been seen coming out of it. A German band had visited the place one summer, intending, so they announced, to stay tor a month. On the second day from their arri»ai, the whole company, as fine and healthy a body of men as one could wish to see, were invited to dinner by this man, and, alter spending the whole of the next 24 hours in bed, bad left the town, a broken and dyspeptic crew ; the parish doctor who bad attended them giving it as bis opinion that it was doubtful if they would ever be fit to play a tune again. I forget the reat of hie villaiiies. I remember Uncle John's hint ing, however, thai they had not been altogether unconnected with the lonely grave of an unknown- stranger, an Italian peasant lad, a performer upon the barrel organ. I rose up and said that I would sleep in the " blue chambei.'' "Do not thwart me in my resolve," ( continued, " I am young, and have bad i clear con science now tor over a month. The spirits will /iot barm me. I nay even do them some little good, and induce them to be quiet and go away. Besides, I should like to see the show." Tbey tried to disouade me from what they termed ray foolhardy enterprise, but X remained firm and claimed my privilege, I was '* the guest." •' The guest " always sleeps in the haunted chamber on Christmas Ere; it is his perquisite. They said if I put it on that footing tbey had, of course, no answer ; and they lighted a candle for me and accompanied me upstairs in a body. I did not go to sleep; I did not feel sleepy at all. I lay on my back, looking up at tbe ceiling and thinking of things, I wish I could remember some of the ideas that came to me as I lay there, liecause they were so amusing. I laughed at them myself till tbe bed shook. 1 had been like tbia for baif an hour or so, and had forgotten ail about the ghost, when, on casually casting my eyes round tbe room, I noticed for tbe first time a singularly content-looking phantom sitting in the easy chair by the side of tbe fire, smoking the ghost of a long clay pipe, X fancied for tbe moment, as most people would under similar circumstances, that I must be dreamiug. I sat up and rubbed my eyes. So i it was a ghost clear enough I could see the back of tbe chair through hit body. He looked over towards me, took tbe shadowy pipe from bis lips, and nodded. Tbe most surprising part of tbe whole thing to me wvs that I did nut feel ia the least alarmed. If anything, I was rather pleased to see him. It was company. I said, "(rood evening. It's been a cold day!" He s&icl; he had hot noticed it himself, but dared any I was right. We remained silent for u few seconds, and tliee, wishing to put it pleasantly, I said, "I believe I have the honor of addressing tbe gbost of a gentlemau who bad the accident with the wait ?" He smiled and said it was very good of me to remember it. o°e wait was oot much to boast of, but etill every little helped. I was pomewhat st&ggered; at his answer. I bad expected a grcsa of remorge. Tbe ghost appeared, on tUc contrary, to be rather coaeojted over the business. I thought that, as be bad taken my reference to the wait so qtjietly, perhaps be would not be offended if I questioned him about the organ-grinder. I felt curious about that poor boy. "Isit true,1' I asked. •• that you bad a band in tbe death of that Italian peasant lad who came to tbe town with a barrel-organ that played only two tunes, 'Annie Laurie ' and 'Home sweet home?'" He quite fired up. " Had a band ia jthe exclaimed indignantly, " Who ba4 dared to pretend that be assisted me? I murdered the youth myself. Show me the man who said X didn't." We grew quite chummy after that, and he told me all hie crimes. He said he had lived next door to a young lady who was learning to piay the guitar, while a gentleman who practiced on the bass viol lived opposite. And be, with fiendish cunning, had intro duced these two unsuspecting young people to one another, and persuaded them to elope with each other against their parents' wishes, and take their musical instruments with tbem; and they had done so, and, before the honeymoon was over, she had broken bis head with the bass viol, and he had ' tried to cram the guitar down her throat, and had injured her for life. My itieni said be used to lore muffin men into the passage and then stuff tbem with their own wares till they hurst and died. He said he bsd quieted 18 that way. Young men and woman who recited long and dreary poems at evening parties, and callow youths who walked about the street late at night, playing concertinas, be used to get toget her and poison in batches of ten, so ac fo save expense; and parlc orators and tem perance lecturers he used fo shut up 6 in a small room with a glass of crater and a collection box apiece, and let them talk each other to death. It did one good Jo listen to him. I asked him when he ex-i pected the other ghosts—tke ghosts of tbe wait and the cornet player, and the German band that Uncle John bad men tioned. He smiled, and said they we«y never come agiiin, any of them. I said 41 Why; isn't it true, then, that they meet you here every Christmas Eve for a row ?" He replied that it was true. Every Christmas Eve, for 25 years, bad Le and they fought iu that room; but they would never trouble him nor aujbody else again. One by one be had laid them out, spoilt and utterly useless for afl haunting purposes. "He liBd finished off the last German band ghost that very evening, just before I came up stairs, and had thrown what was left of it out through the slit between the window sashes. He said it would never be worth calling a ghost again. " 1 suppose you will still come yourself as usual ?" I said. "They would be sorry to sgiss you, 1 know/' •' Oh, I don't know/' he replied ; '* there's nothing much to coate for now. Unless." be added kindly, " you are going to be here. I'll come if you wili sleep here next Christmas Eve." *' I have taken a liking to you," he con tinued; "you don't fly off screeching when yon see & party, and your hair doesn't stand on ead. You've no idea." he said, *' how sick I &n; of seeing people's i bair stand on end." He said it irritated him. Just then a slight noise reached us from tbe yard below, and he started and turned deathly black. " You are ill," I cried, springing towards hint; " tell me , the best thing to do for you Shall ( drink some brandy and give you the gbost of it ?" He remained «i!ent, listen mg intently for a moment, and then he gave a sigh of relief, and the shade came back to his cheek. " It's all right," he murmured; "I was afraid it was the cock." " Oh. it's too early tor that." I said. ""Why, it'a only the mi »dl«' «<f the sight." "Oh, that doesn't make any •difference to these chickens." be replied billet It. " They would just as soon crow :in tbe middle of tbe night as at any other 4ime—sooner if they thought it would «poil a chap's evening out* I believe they do it on purpose." " How do you •nana»>e when there isn't any cock handy?" [ enquired He was on the point of replying, when again he started and listened. This time I distinctly heard Mr Bowie's cock, nest door, crow twice. He was gone ! He had left me without a word—without e*en saying good-bye. — From the Australian Week. Brisbane. December 20, 1890. 