PROFESSOR BOUSMsARD'S ENTERTAINMENT. Professing prestidigitators so frequently fall short of their poster announcements, and so clumsily imitate the comparatiiely few sleight of hand masters, that those who patronised Professor Bousmard's entertain ment in the Mechanics' Hall on Wednesday night must have been agreeably surprised. Indeed it is not too much to say that no conjuror has performed in fuller view of the spectators, nor more successfully defied dis covery of his artful methods. By his clever performance Professor Bousmard, without aid, kept the audience amused and interested throughout the evening. In addi tion to the tricks usually seen at similar entertainments the professor had several specialities, one of the most surprising of which was that in which he mixed the usual ingredients for an omelette-two rings borrowed from a lady being thrown in as flavoring-and placed them in a frying pan which he brought into the body of the hall so that'the spectators might closely watch the cooking process. Having lit the neces sary fire a little manipulation mysteriously transformed the appetizing omelette into a live kitten with the lady's rings tied round its neck. In another feat an'ordinary felt bat was borrowed from one of the audience who'has hitherto been regarded as a con firmed bachelor and a peaceable citizen, but when from his hat yards of paper were drawn, followed by two fifty-pound cannon halls, aand ladies' work- boxes of various designis and sizes, the owner naturally displayed signs of embarrassment. Lollies here: manufactured ou? of nothing, and so . quickly as to, make the juveniles' mouths water, and 'ready money was passed into'the closed hand of one of the audience in such away as to mystify the Wimmera folk who are so accustomed to credit. Unfortunately the professor did not leave the solution behind. :The flying bird cage and the' wonderful six-shooter, with many other'. illusions; were performed with great cldvernes, the thought- reading effort being also~successful. The entertain ment closed with " the great' ghost illusion and disembodied spirit dance," in which, the hall having been darkened, a ghost-like figure cut ludicrous antics, :the legs subse quently becoming detached from the body, and finally, the head having parted from it also, a triangular danee resulted; the whole being uncanny, butmost amusing.. During the evening the professor displayed great skill as a pianoforte player, describing among other things a storm, at sea and wed ding bells. This portion of thtientertainment was however abbreviated and, as other in trumentalists have done before him, the professor substituted a sermon, taking. as tis text !'That 'piano," preaching . with suffieienteffect to bringhlushes to'the cheeks of the Mechanics' Institute president, who formed one of the audience. Representing everything.by turns the professor succeeded, single-handed, in the difficult task of enter taining an audience for two hours, sending all home perplexed but satisfied that they had received full value for their, money. ; 