Meinmon, Tho gray cui tains of morniDg twilight uuug gloomily over the endless dunes of I'and, The drab-grcon leaflets of the mimosa wero not rustled by the slightest breeze, and 00 bird had yet brokon into eong. Not f. sunbeam to lend its golden embroidery to tho orcken columu of the templo j not a ray of silver light to dfopol the ashen gloom of tho heavens, or break tho songleas repose of tho palm-dotted defcort. The distant river, with its fringe of olives j melted into tho sky, and its silvery shimmer \ appeared liko tho sinuous reflection of a 1 luminous lily-star in a gently rippled lake, An opalescent mist crept like a ghost above the parched sands, and the peaceful spirit of eileuco Bcomed to reign until the morning Bong of Memnon ohould break the potent ?pell. Tho eternal Pyramids frowned in tho dis tance in order* gray, and tho Roaoias bent like tho Faithful in prayer, as though im | pressed by the subtle charm of the ailence that waB lonely and unbroken. The herons stood in majestic immobility, ao though obaxmed, among the reeds and eedgo tint surrounded their watery haunts. Numbers of motionless palms wero etobed, like seutinels, against tho horizon, whose hem was yet unconscious of the first faint kiss of dawn — whose folds and draperies of gray Beeracd awaiting the golden roses of sunrise to blossom forth and light them into perfeot beauty. In tho midjt of .this apparently eternal hush, this silence that would mako euch a beautiful back ground for the harp string twang of his morning voicc, Memnon sat in the unbroken solitude, with no breezo to fan his cheek, looking steadfastly toward tho east for the first rosy light to tromblo in the wan, whito sail of day, and wako the aocents of his morning song. Suddenly, the sombre mantle eecmcd to fall from tho Eky, and in tho distanoe be yiind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush of u^d r* fi ffml a breczo elartod aorosatho with; Men^ruw.-u-Wr ' Is it hot enough for you ?' ' ^* K-'MtUJUITITtttti*, 1 His Name Cheap.-' Miss PrctlyeW (fo* ; u ''g Buboorlpliono for oomo oliarity) J i:'?'' S'ni,son- coal[1 I Cot your name 