CORRESPONDENCE TIHE TWO LEAGUES.-ANOTI[ER CURIOSITY. TO THIE EDITOR. Smi;-Allow me to expose a few more mistakee which Mr. Davideon commits in his letter in yours of the 18th. He commences by saying I had ignored the principal points, viz, '"that the fiscal policy is the rock on which labour split, and they had done well to abandon it." There are two nmistakes in this sentence. lrho good ship Protection lhas split upon no rock since she set al, but has boomed along with greater speed, fanned by the ever increasing breeze of popular f-?our; and in a short time sho will boe safely landed in port, amid the cheers and rejoicing of a gratified people. And so far from having abandoned the fiscal question, which means Protection to their own local industries, hours'and wages, work ing men are more determined than ever that this colony shall not bIa the dumping ground for the Chinese, the anakaes, and the low waged products from foreign ports; but that the things which we can make we will make, and have also a good wage for making them, and the man who wants a good wage for himself but refuses the same to others is one whoso meanness is simply nauseating. And this principle of restricting the foreigner and finding work and wages for our own unem ployed countrymen, is a very properprinciplo to be in any labour league platform; and the majority of working men are determined that at thoe first opportunity this blighting, bank rupt, and bastard system of so called Free trade shall bh for ever extinguished. 0So far from Protection, as intended to be applied, lowering wages, as Mr. D. says, it will hare the very opposite effect. Now, what is it that lowers wages? Too many hands, too much labour in the market. Lessen the number wanting work, and wages go up. Let there bo a number of men after one job, and the master will offer less, be canuse so nmany want it. IF one won't do it for less, another will. Well, thbo way to lesson the surplus labour in the market is to establish workshops and industries," and thereby absorb this surplus labour, and pro vent the men running down- wages by offering tbo' do the work for less. Many hands means low wages, few hands high wages; and, as Protection would give rise to new works and industries, using up and malting the labour scarce, so it is inevitable that, as a result of Protection, so far from wages falling, wages would rise, as they alwayse do when labour is scaree. It is a fundamental law in political economy. In that supply and demand regulate wages, and is as old as Adam s; nod to talk of Pro tection lowering*wages is another egregious mistake of friend Davidson. The Effect will be the very opposite. lThis is the benefit of Protection: it uses up labour and keeps up wages. Mr. D. again arrogantly insists there is only one Labour League. If I were to characterire this as it deserves, I should say it was a piece of mendacity; but I will say it is another mistake repeated. If the fact of having adopted the platform of the Labour and E.lectoral League is proof that it is a labour league, then whatever adopts thosame platform must be a labour league also. Well, this very league, in the person of its officers, including Mr. D., charges the Labour and Protectionist Loegue with having stolen and adopted their platform. This being so, as they aver it is, then it is inevitable that the latter is as clearly a labour league as can be the former. In one breath they tell us we have adopted their labour platform, and in tihe next breath say that we don't exist. What next ? Try again. Mr. D. refers to come time in the past, when the Protectionist League called a meeting, and only a few turned up. What then? Does .that prove the league is dead ? If so, the other league is also defunct, for two or tlhro meetings wore called at Tattersall's corner, some time ago, and they could not muster a quorum to revise the rules and platform. Therefore, according to Mr. D.'s logic, his own league died, because it could not raise a quorum. What is sauce for the goose, is sauce for the gander. If the absence of a quorum proves a society is dead, how many would be now alive? Every municipal council would, by the same rule, be now non-existent. This is another mistake in Mr. D.'s reasoning. Heo says it was "considered dead." Who by? Certainly, thle oflicers never thought, or said, it was dead, and they are the best to know, and Mr. D.'s opinion is another mistakq,; and, as it never died, there could be no possibility of a " ghost." Mr. D. says the Labour Protectionist League is got up by a few small capitalists to defeat the labour party. Two more mistakes in one sentence. The L. and P. L, is neither got up by a few small capitalists, nor to defeat the labour~party. On the contrary, this league is formed to work for and eecure the return of labour candidates to Parliament. This is the reason for its existence; and if, because a small capitalist may be a member of this league, therefore the whole league is intended to defeat the labour party, then, by the same reasoning, the league to which Mr. D. belongs has the same intention, for are there not capitalists members of his league ? Let Mr. D. sweep his own door-step before he looks to others. Again, Mr. D. says they have no fiscal policy in the labour league. What is meant here, I suppose, is that in this league's plat. fotm there is no Protectionist plhnk. This is another mistake. The 14th plank of this very platform containse a distinct Protoee tionists' plank and principle. The words are: "All Governmrt contracts to be executed in the colony." This is a clear Protectionist plank, and was admitted to be so by a vice. president of the leauo to which Mr. D. belongs ih the Islington Reserve on Sunday week. It moansthat Government must ignore the law of buying in the cheapest market and must give the work and the contracts to be done in the colony, no matter at what extra cost. Indeed, there is no limit to the amount, but it must be done in the colony. Government, at whlatever cost, must find work and give out its contracts to be done by its own people, in preference to the foreigner. This is a branch of tile fiscal question, and a Protectionist plank in Mr. D.'s labour pro gramme, and overy candidate must subscribe to this platform, If the candidate selected is a Frootrador, no matter; he mnst stand on and vote for this Protectionist plank as well as the rest. Again, Mr. D. wants to know how Protection can benefit labour. Tho answer is that Protection will immeneely benefit laboui" by giving work to the hundreds and thousands who are now unemployed, with good wages to boot, for it needs no repeating that as you empty the labour market wages naturally have a tendency to rise; but fill the labour market with the unemployed, and wages surely go dowvn. It is here where the benefit of Protection comes in. N'ew industrioes use up the surplus labour, and keep up wages; while by sending the work to be done by foreigners, you close old and prevent now in dustries, crowd the labour market, and down oames wages. I had said that if we want cheap goods we must pay low wages. Upon this, Mr. D. asks the absurd question, "Oh, Mr. W., is this the aim of the Protectionists to reduce our wages by a tax through the Government to the level of the countries of Europe." My statement leads to no such preposterous conoluesion. Who is it that wants cheoap goods? Why, the Freetrador; and in order to get cheap goods, he will see his own fellowmen out of work and starving, so that he can got his goods cheap from Europe. He would sooner see the factories and in dustries closed, the labour market over stocked in his own country, so that he can get the low-priced goode from the foreigner. than employ his own fellow- countremon, if they wanted to be paid a little better for their work, than the starration wages paid to those who work under the sweating system in England. What does it matter to the Freetrader at what coat of hcalth, with long hours and low wages, of those who toil in mill and workshop, so long as he gets his goode cheeap? 1 0 wants and will buy in the cheapest market, no matter if an infinite number of fellow creatures' liee are sacrificed to gratify his tt;irab and rage for chapness. Cllcaprceo is the Free traders' god, and him only does he worship: and the wvorslhip is kept up at the expense of the annual sacrifice of hundreds and thou srnds of humon lives. This system of political economy is indeed well described as heartless and cold blooded; and a civilised husmanitv shudders at the appalling sacrifices and miseries endured to appease this rage for the god of cheapness. It is the Frestrader, and not the I'rotec tionists, who wants the cheap labour and cheep-labour products of Europe; it is the Freetrader whose system of cheapness has a tendency to bring down the wages in this colony to the level of the low wages of Europe. The Protectionist, on the contrary, wants to keep up wages; inrd as ho wants good wages himself, he is willing to give a reasonable price for his goods, so that his fellow-mon may, like himself, have good wages alco. lie is willing to do as he would be done to, hence hIe wants to keep up wages by protesting against cheap products, and proteeting the industries of the colony, so as to get and give wages to all employed. The Protectionist is a leveller up; the Freetrader, witlh his rags for choep ness, is a levoller down, intd the Freetreders in this colony would like to see the working classes working as cheaply, and producing as low-priced goods here, as is done in England at the present. But no sincere patriot who wishes well to his country could wish to see hers the long hours end the miserably low wages paid in England and other countries at the present. I understand a tar for revonue purposes to mean a small nominal tax to enable the Government to keep account of the kinds and quantities of goods coming from foreign ports, and are. not productive of a large amount. Mr. B. esays the labour league platform was drawn rip before tIhe council ever attempted such a thing. Where is the platform he is speaking of? The only plat form in operation by the labour league is the one adopted from the Tradea and Labour Osuncil. Now, hls there been any other? acs thoelhaour leagus two platforms P If not, the league has knocked the first one on the head-killed it; and the present one is stolen from the Trades and Labour Council. As to the ages of the tw.o leagues, the Pro tectionist League was in existence at least seven months before thoLarbour League. The latter was born at Oarrington last October; the former commenced Marcel the 6th, 1890; so the former is the oldest, and has always had for its object the return of labour and Protectionist members to Parliament. The length of this prevents me f:om critioising two or three other parts, in one or two of which Mr. D., I think, fles not eno ceeded in saying what he meant, for they are incomprehensible, as printed. Meantime, as both leagues have adopted the platform of the Trades and Labour Council, with very little chlamige, and both contain a Protectionist plank, the queation is stijl a pertinent one-" Why should there be two leagues when they both have tho same ob ject in view-the representation of labour in Parliament ?"-I am, &e.;, B. WALLWORK. 