ronum " \- — — CHAPTER L SaSSEX# 101 . wort SSWy'dS'M « Do too mwi to_ay— I harfi, b,ow 2& w »iM you Knouuy-uat yon h»v. feS tatting a conversation with -a torse ?» ES " 40 " hustaawiti "I thought you said that he wee dead?' ' "It is certain. Did I not see him die? $ will show you the bed upon which we fa;,i lo out Did I not shed up3n his coWnwtS What would you have? wm7teaij| " Tben how about the conversation ?» it ti - - . -«- it ' Xi> 19 IBOtWlWJ vUvClst Mr. Fletcher bwvi to be amused. 44 Metempsychosis?" 44 It fa a theory of which I know but hiih r. Wltt »< ««»& " Mot much-jpersonally ' "IP I am Catholic. Ernest? He wm \ know not what ! These men! Never shin f forget my feelings when— when I sage-Li ending for a priest -he said that it worth while to trouble the good man, for 2 he died his soul would pass into a hone " "Ahorse?" . He even named the horse! Iti incredible !" Mr. Fletcher thought it was— almost " Monsieur must know that my husband-li fa dead ! what does it matter ?— was not to m- i good husband. I did my best to bring him fa a sense of what was right, of what was prone- but, after all, ii is little that a wife can doL 2t not so? He had his little fortune Ilia mine. Puff! before I knew ithiswLig£? D9Bot. JS? ®eThow:- He h&TesSt; mine with it. I said no. He wassgrS horseman. He used to keep horses to run at races and to sell— that was his business; tha hotel was mine— and and among them was the famous Pourquoipas — all the world has heard of Pourquoipas." All the world might have dose. Mr. Fletcher had not. He had said so. 44 Monsieur has not heard of Pourquoipaai It is extraordinary ! He fa the greatest trot, ting horse in the wot1<L It fa little I know of these things ; but I do know that Pcurquoipq fa indeed a marvel. He was my terse, as fa«: deed, when you have the truth, were all the others. Judge, then, of my surprise when asT told monsieur, I said to Earnest, 4 Shall I send for the priest r' he replied, 4 Of what use!, When I die my soul will pass mto Pcurquoipas, What nonsense are you talking F 1 demanded 4 Agnes/ he said, 4 you have often accused m4 of having no religion. I have a religion. I believe in the doctrine of rnetempsychrsif J What horror fa that I cried. ' It is the doctrine of transmigration of souls. I am now about to die. I believe that when I am dead my soul will pass into the body of Ponrquoipas, It fa as I say. Those who live longest will see most. He looked at me with his glassy eyes; He turned over on his side. Before I knew it he was dead. Those were nice last wsrds for a wife to hear from a husband as he was entering the grave. 44 I said nothing to any one. I was too much ashamed. The day bef ore yesterday he was buried. Yesterday morning I entered ths tablb to see that all was well. I was looking at Pourquoipas. I was wondering what I should do with him. He fa entered for half a dozen races— and what do I know of racing ?— and suddenly Pourquoipas turned and looked u me. Agnes ' he said, 4 good day.' Monsieur, it was my husband's voice. I fell to the ground. They found me in a fit. They carried me to the house. Oh, mon Dieu f" The lady applied her handkerchief to h& eyes. ' Apparently she wept, "Don't yon think it possible," suggested Mr. Fletcher, mildly, 44 that you were the victim of a delusion r" " Possible. "When I returned to conscious ness I said to myself : 4 It fa sure ! I am no fool — I ! The more I thought of it the more I said to myself it was a trick my fancy played me. Last night when I went to bed this idea was clearly presented to my mind." Mine. Peltier paused, bhe glanced around the room with what was very like a glance of apprehension. " Monsieur, last night I had no doubt npci the matter. This morning I found pinned u my pillow a piece of paper, on which wen written the words : 4 Come to the stable.' Tbe i were in my husband's handwriting. I tan the piece of paper in my pocket." She rummaged in a pocket, which seemed as remarkable for the variety of its contents tf any schoolboy's could possibly have bees. Finally, she produced a scrap of paper. Tb£ she placed upon the table with a flourish which was essentially dramatic. " There it fa. Monsieur may see it for hint self. It was a quarter-sheet of dirty uote-psperi <® which waa written, in a cramped, French baas', writing, the words, 44 Come to the stable.' "It is my husband's handwriting; theifrW a hundred persons who can swear to it. I a»»i 4 It fa another trick, But, in spite of mysejfr went to the stable, Scarcely had I put my wf inside the door than Pourquoipas looked to me with this remark : You see, my wifa? f " Did you have another fit r .i " Would that I had ! It was not all h® wot by a great deal. He advised me to com»H suicide." , 44 La order to join him in the bosom «. Pourquoipas?" , . " not actually, but in effect. He Hie vagabond I that I should ruin myself- Jfa said that I was to send all the horses and a of money— ah I what a sum !— to an sddretf tf Moriaix. I was to ask no questions as to destination. I was to ask no questions tf fa their destination. I waa to dismiss them jiw® my mind as though they had never been- Mr. Fletcher rose from his seat . , " You don't mean that he said all that r "Mis ths truth. All ths horses sad 1<V "Jj francs — all to he sent to a man at Moriaif oi whom I had never heard. It would be my As well commit suicide at bnce." . haunt me by day and by night. He wottlu m»tf me wish that 2! was never bore." Amf u Sfctioaaty madams. are yon quits u« ®Jl |lr«re again the victim of your ow "Ihaveno Imagination ; I know rils. WbenlhSr a thing, I hear stba#I red when 1 fear my husband's v«f 1 fgj it. Ho&tomr; may rest assured of that. Be»«\ tibm it ilhA «kawiM n .iff XmUnpinr. Bat Mr. Fl.tch« sBatesSBSsg place tall- when ths landlAdv of hfa hotel, cw d'Or," threS Jon him her condeno j Od-hsh Ltr bad such as burled on him. before--toat nwwimu? looked J so sympathetic." t)n 'the shore he found fheatables. They < tore built within a stone's throw ol the sea. )ufcwardly they had not the appearance of a ypical training stable— of a training stable hat is as it is known in England. A lank, mock-kneed individual was lounging in front if the door, who Was the typical English ocfcey as he is found in fifth-rate racing estab- ! ishments in " foreign parts.'41 Him Mr. Fletcher accosted. " Got some decent horses, I hear." The " Jockey" looked him up and down. " They've got four legs — most on 'em." Mr. Fletcher knew that the speaker had Mready read his "inmost soul and was aware that Li equine knowledge extended no further than the capability of being able to draw a distinction between a horse and an ass. " Four goodlegB, some of them. I under- Stand." ft A VkAiif rervrw? be trAiiM AMA finA > AA VVMW no W\A ww jf vmp wixu uuwt Mr. Fletcher felt that tins language, in one in (he position of speaker, was out of place. " Can I have a peep at them t" " There's no law agin it, as I knows on.'" The Btabie door was open. Mr. Fletcher entered. The jockey slouched .in after him, The arrangements was priroinitiye, but the building was of considerable Size and some $ight or nine animals were in the boxes. " Which is Pourquoipas ?" "That is Pourquoipas. On Mr. Fletcher moving toward the animal indicated, the jockey was moved to further eloquence. "He is a 'orse, he is." Pause. " He is a 'orse." Another pause. " There aiu't no trotter like him, not in Jsurope, there ain't. I ought to know." Pause. And I says so." Pause. "That 'horse do his mile inside of 2.11." The speaker f lanced at Mr. Fletcher as if challenging con- radiction. But as that gentleman was un aware of there being any thing remarkable in a fiorse "doing his mile inside of 2.11," his Countenance was blink. " Yes, and inside of 2\. 10 if he fairly on the jab." Again a look in the nature of a challenge, gtill no reply. In possible disgust the Jjoekey did what Mr. Fletcher was hoping he Would do — he turned on his heels and left the stable. He seemed to see nothing surprising in leaving a perfect stranger to examine the stud at his leisure. Mr. Fletcher was content, however, to confine bis attention to one member of the stud — to Pourquoipas. " So you're Pourquoipas, are you? I don't know much about the genius trotting horse; but if you're a fair example of the rest of your jtribe, you're not a handsome family. Big, gawky, leggy brute ! You look to me more bike a cart horse gone wrong than any other %ind of quadruped I've seen." Pourquoipas booked around with sullen eyes, as though he presented these observations of too candid a fcritic. "A nice cort of a man the late Peltier must have been to have wished to transfer his soul to such a thing of beauty as yourself." The creature made a movement with his bind i»f?s which caused Mr. Fletcher to nimbly step aside. Now, then, whose toes are you trying to step upon ? A pretty mean sort of scamp your master must have been." I here ensued an interval of silence. Mr. Fletcher stared at the horse, and the horse at him. It was a stare, perhaps, of mutual admiration. " Fat English pig !" It was these words, spoken in French, which broke that interval of silence. Mr. Fletcher started back in so much haste as to come into sudden and unexpected contact with the stable Wall — it seemed that this flattering address proceeded from Pourquoipas ! For some seconds ne gazed at the animal with au astonishment which was altogether unequivocal. "I'm not surprised that it frightened the woman ! The thing was uncommonly well done. Now, my ventriloquial friend, where ftre you ?" Echo answered, where. Mr. Fietcher treated Pourquoipas with very little ceremony. He drove him from side to side of his box, so that tio corner of it was hidden. He .peered into his manger ; he routed among thePstraw ; he looked up at the ceiling ; he examined the other boxes — there was nothing there but horses. He returned to stare at Pourquoipas, and the more he stared the more the wonder grew. " Blockhead," The same voice, and again it seemed to pro ceed from Pourquoipas. " S a there was something in it after all. I thought the woman was romancing. Well this is something new in travellers' tales. I wonder, my friend, just where you are ?" While he wandered the voice went on : "You think, you English, that you are Wise. Bah ! You are a nation of fools ! Go back to your laud of fogs ; there you will be more at home than here. " 16 thae all ?" asked Mr. Fletcher, when the Voice was still. It seemed that it was. All efforts on his part to provoke a continuation of the conversation proved futile. His language was Pot exactly choice : his allusions were not entirely civil ; but nothing he could say had any effect upon the quadruped, Qr upon the gentleman behind the scenes who had endowed the quadruped, pro tern., with the faculty of speech. "If the seance is concluded I suppose I'd better go. As he left the stable he told himself : " Unless I am mistaken, our friend the jockey bas a finger in this pie." When he got into the open air the first thing Jhe saw was the cockey walking beside a horse Which a lad was exercising on the sands a good thrrft.niiflvfAra nf ft. ttiJIa awav Later on, Mr. Fletcher having returned to the hotel for dinner, noticed above the mantelpiece t>f the talle-a inanger the picture of a man. The portrait was in oils and in life size. The man Was leaning over a table, staring the spectator in the face. It was in the modern style of preach sensation — the man seemed actually plive, hut in its way it was distinctly a work of art. Mr. Fletcher asked the Breton maid who brought in his sonp who the original was. " it is the patron— the husband, of madame. It is a good likeness ; a very (podlikeness. But, for me, I do not like it. Whenever I look at it I think that he is going to leap at me across the fable." ' The idea was not inapt ; he did look as though he were about to spring. ' " Wasn't he a little man ?" " But a dwarf. That Is how he was so good glider." > The face iu the picture was not an evil face. It seemed to Mr. Fletcher thai it was rather the face of a fool than a knave. But about the whole portrait there was a curious appear- . fence of life — one momentarily expected the man to spring. That night Mr. Fletcher wan aroused from fciB first sleep- by a tapping at his bedroom Boor. At first— as we are apt to do—be won dered what it Was that had. disturbed hn slumber. Tap, tap, tap J As he listened there tame a farther tapping at the panel of the qoor. He started op in bed. " Who's there "Open, Mbnwir, for the love of Heaven." yawwm'awfiee. lsthatyou,inwhune?" « aSS.ttort-.praT T<ra' " Syfotoa Pair of trousers, Mr. Fletcher Swat to 666,' Outside the door. was Madame Pettier in a costumeof the most amazing scanti- ' She had alighied candle in her hand, With out waiting for an invitation, pushing past the toe gentleman, she entered hts. room. P ittlBff J her candle on the table, herself , she placed upon ( a chair. Mr. Fletoher felt that this behaviour ox his landlady required an explana tion, even in the wilds of Cotes du Nord I "May I ask, madame, what is wrong ow that she had gained admittance, the, lady appeared to be in a State of speechless agitation ; it was plain that there was something wrong. " Ernest !" she gasped. " Ernest 1 I have . RUOU UUlii . " Ernest!" For a moment the .name con veyed no significance to Mr. Fletcher's be wildered brain. " You mean your husband?" " My husband! I have seen his ghost I' ' .His ghost?." . Mr. Fletcher , was becoming conscious that (here might be more excitement in the country than in the town. "I have seen his ghost; oh, inon Dieu ! I was asleep. Suddenly I woke. Some one was leaning over me, having a light hold upon my arm. It was Ernest. Oh, mon Dieu 1" "You were dreaming.' " Dreaming ! I wish I had been dreaming. Is that a dream?'' The lady pulled up the sleeve of her garment. Au ugly bruise showed on the skin of her plump, white arm. " Ernest was a little man, but be had a wrist like steel That is where he gripped me. Ib that a dream?" " How do you know it was your husband ?" " Do I not know my own husband ? He whis pered in my ear-— oh, the horror ! 'You see, my wife, it is as I said.' I was too frightened to speak. I will haunt you by day and night until yon do my bidding.' Then he began' again about the horses and the ten thousand francs which I am to send to Monsieur Quel- quechoee at Moriaix — just as I heard it, every - word, from Pourquoipas. It will be my ruin ! . While the lady sobbed, Mr. Fletcher, in his stockinglass feet, paced to and fro. . " It strikes me that there is some plot on foot to deprive you of your property. Do you know anything of that Jockey of yours ?" " Sain Tucker ? He is a fool and a knave. What then ?" " Do yon think him capable of originating an elaborate scheme of robbery?" "He Ib capable of anything; he is always robbing me. What has that to do with my husband?" "That, at present, is more than I can tell you. Of course the ghostly visitation was a trick." " Is that a trick ?" The lady pointed to the braise upon her arm. " That is part of the trick. But I will talk the matter over with you in the morning, and we will see what can be done. Yon bad better return to your room. You are hardly likely to receive another visit from that very versatile husband of yours to-night." mt n - j. a i_ a v x wauia no reiurn to my room — not xor ten thousand horses and a million francs !" " Then you had better go to your maid." The lady went to her maid. Immediately on her departure the gentleman turned into bed. Bat he could not sleep ; he turned and tossed and tumbled; the lady's visit had banished slumber. Pourquoipas, the words which had fallen — or which had seemed to fall — from the creature's lips, the lady's story — half-a-dozen things were jumbled together in his mind. Perhaps some twenty minutes or half an hour had elapsed since the lady had gone. He was lying on his left side, with his face turned toward the wall. His eyes were closed, in the forlorn hope that sleep would come upon them unawares. But as he lay and no sleep came, and instead, phantoms of thought persisted in chasing each other across his brain, in weariness of spirit he opened them to look out upon the world. As he did so he was surprised to see that a light — a faint light — was shining on the wall. His first impression was that it was later than he had imagined, and that the first glimmerings of daylight were finding their way into the room. Something, however, in the colour of the light suggested that it cer tainly was not daylight. And, as he lay in a sort of drowsy stnpor, his eyes still fixed on the dimly -illuminated wall, he began to fear that that absurd woman had returned to outrage the proprieties and to seek shelter from her fears. " Confound her ! If this isn't something like a hotel, I never knew one yet ! Talk about travellers being taken in and done for !" This he mattered beneath his breath. Then he turned lazily in bed, intending, with as much politeness as circumstances would permit, to call down execrations on his hostess. But he did not call down execrations on his hostess because his hostess was not there. When he turned into bed he perceived that the room wa3 lighted, but from what source there was no evidence to show. The light was, so to speak, just enough to cast the room in Bhadow; just enough to make things visible, and yet not plain. It was a dim and a ghostly light. While Mr. Fletcher was wondering to what unseen friend he was indebted for this genteel illumination, all at once his eyes fell upon a man who was standing on the other side of the table, leaning over the board. He could have sworn that he was not there when he first had turned a second ago, for his glance had travelled all round the room in search of his landlady, and he had seen that it was empty. Yet it was equally certain that now the man was there, unless, that is, he was the victim of a hallucination. When one is awake and in one's right mind, one doe3 not, as a general rule, see things which are non-existent, and now he saw that man. He was a very little man, if that was any consolation, ana he was a curiou -looking little man. As he leaned across the table his attitude conveyed an odd ani.BlSghtly. nnpanny impres sion of his being about to spring. There w&i; silence. The visitor made no remark. Mr. Fletcher, on he part, made none. The man was a stranger to him, and yet — where had he seen him before ? Suddenly he remembered— : in the picture over the mantelpiece in the mile- manger. He was the patron, the husband of madame! Either the artist had caught, in a marvellous moid prophetic manner, hiB sitter's pose, or the sitter had caught the artist's inspiration. Mr. Fletcher saw the picture re produced before his eyes, as in the portrait — the tittle man looked as though he were going to leap at him across- the table ! ( "Monsieur, & little of your attention. ' ' The visitor opened the ball of conversation— , the voice was she voice which had seemed to proceed from Pourquoipas. "You are au Englishman. Very good. Confine yourself to your own affairs. Return to your own country." The visitor's manner Was distinctly arid. As ! he listened, Mr. Fletcher became very certain that the sum in front of him was neither a spectre of his own Imagination nor a visitant fromtoadowland. ''You hear? I say, return to your own country." Mr. Fletcher heard, and, as he heard, he sat up in bed and contemplated the speaker at his leisure. "You're a nice young man, upon my word!" This form of reply appeared to take the visitor aback. He seemed to think that he! had not created a sufficient impression. " You do not know who I am?" 'f Oh, yes. I do— thanks." j " You think I am alive ?" " I don't tbink you are." "Very good. Try and see." The speaker raised his hand, wire a little mocking gesture. " But I warn you to take care. Above all, I warn you not to meddle in affairs which are no . concern of yours. Go away from here, or— you will regret it." v « w " . _ V 11 11 _ ». w _» . si ' a " i assure you, conesciy, mar x snail nor re gret it, if remaining here will afford me an : opportunity of having frequent interviews with you. You are the sort of man, I should say, who improves upon acquaintance." You laugh at me? Well, you will not laugh long! 1 warn you to go away from here before to- morrow night, or you will be sorry." "Sorry? Not at an! You tittle brute!" As Mr. Fletcher uttered this last exclamation, springing out of bed, he bounded toward the little man behind the table. He moved with ' great agility, but if he expected to take the other by surprise be failed. No sooner did his feet touch the floor than the mysterious light vanished, and, despite his haste, all that he suc ceeded in doing was to come in violent contact with the table. Some strongish language escaped his lips, as, in the pitchy darkness, he went rushing round the table, tie succeeded in reaching the other side of it ; he also succeeded, when he reached it, in finding nothing there. " Where are you, you hound?" No voice replied. He stcod a moment listen ing. There was not a Bound. "I know you are somewhere in the room. Only wait until I lay my hands on you!" Even as he spoke some one laid a hand on him, lightly, on his arm. And a voice— a , well-known voice — observed : " Good-night, dear friend— until to-mor row!" - Mr. Fletcher sprang round with an agility which was really marvellous, grasping wildly at the speaker. He grasped nothing, however, but the air. When he Tealised that there was nothing there to grasp, Mr. Fletcher's language was quite unprintable. At last he lit the candle. By its glimmer he examined the room ; there was nothing but the room to examine. All traces of his visitor had disappeared. Nor could he find anything which went to show the means by which that disappearace had been effected. The door was locked, so was the window. "Where has the little beggar gone? It strikes me that this is qnite a model thing in hotels. It dates from before the flood, and I'll stake a pound it's honeycombed with sliding doors and secret passages, like the hotels used ; to be in the good old-fashioned tales of my boy hood." As he came to this conclusion he returned to nits t&me; ueamu waiua sue mne man naa stooa. His eyes fell upon a piece of paper which was lying in its centre. "What is that? I didn't notice anything there when I lit the candle." It was a quarter-sheet of dirty note paper, own brother to the scrap which madame had shown him. It c mtained two words, written in the same cramped handwriting as the words upon her piece: " Until to-morrow.'' " That's odd. How came that there ? There can be no doubt that the thing's well done." He thought so when, having put out the candle and returned into bed, on laying his head on the billow, his cheek came into contact with another scrap of paper. " What the " He sprang out of bed as thongh a serpent had stung him. With hands which actually trembled he once more caused light to shine upon the scene. He bore the caudle to tbe bed ; sore enough, there was a piece of paper on the pillow. " How the thunder did that get there?' As gingerly as though it were some precious — or perhaps, some deadly — thing, he picked it up between his finger and his thumb. It was the third of the series, another dirty quarter- sheet. And on it, in the old familiar hand, was this excellent advice : " Do not meddle with the affairs of others." The advice was excellent ; there could be no doubt of that. But; still, Mr. Fletcher felt that its excellence did not sufficiently account for its presence on his pillow. This time when he returned into bed he did not put the candle out. He left it burning. Sleep has been compared to a woman, " un certain, coy, and hard to please." When we seek for slumber, it ehides as ; when Wb least expect it, behold, it comes." It came to Mr. Fletcher then. Hardly was he once more between the sheets before he was sleeping softly as a. child, CHAPTER IL When Mr. Fletcher awoke— there was no mistake about it this time— it was broad day. He lay for some moments reveling in the first joys of waking. When he thought of the events of the night, he laughed aloud; they were so utterly absurd. Remembering the scraps of paper, he sat up in bed to look for them. In rising his glance fell upon his pillow. There, . ou the snowy linen, within half an inch of where his cheek had just been resting, branded as it seemed, in blood, was the impress of a horse's hoof. Mr. Fletcher managed during the early por tion of that day to avoid his hostess. He went out into the village. There appeared to be only one shop in the place. At the door of the establishment stood a man. He was a big burly fellow in blouse and sabots. He looked a com- panionable souL Mr. Fletcher found him what he looked— a gossip. Mr. Fletcher begun by , alluding to the natural beauties of the neigh bourhood. He then remarked that he was stay- ing at " La Boule d'Or," the landlord of which, he understood, had lately died. " It was time he did." " Such a scamj was he ?" "As honeBt a man as ever lived." Mr. Fletcher pricked up his ears at this. " Rather wild, wasn't he P" " There was never a quieter soul." " But wasn't ha extravagant ?" " Extravagant ! For example he never had a sou to spend." "That, I suppose, was after he had spent all he had to spend?" "After?" ' Monsieur Bouchard — the name was painted on the little window over his door— east at Mr. Fletcher a contemplative glance. He placed his banSsbn the upper portion of his capacious BbHSftCh "iwa'1 " What do you see f , " You have been listening to Mme. Peltier." Mme. Peltier certainly gave me ins to un derstand that he ww not all a husband should have been." " Marie !" M. Bonchard called Into the shop. A feminine reproduction of himself toward the front. "What sort of a husband was Peltier up at the Hotel de la Boole d'Or ?" " A model husband. ' A true model." " As for his wife—" The lady toterpceed,. . " It is not for usto say anything." " I was his friend it is far me to say the truth. She murdered him!" " Mr. Fletcher felt that the authorities were too conflicting " Not with a pistol and a knife, but with her cruelty, _ She led him the life of a dog. She did not let him have enough to eat ; she would not let him have a sou to call his own ; she would nat let him have his liberty she Used to lock him up in & room for days ; she beat him." V Beat him!" " Never shall I forget one night he came to me: He was crying— ah ! like my Utile baby. Bonchard,' he said, 1 it is finished. She ha-" Deaten me : " " With her shoe," explained the lady. " as though he were a tittle child." " He was a very little man ; she was a big woman ; he was as nothing in her hands, she- used to say she would show him as a dwarf. Ah, what he suffered ! He had a spirit which was too large for his body. After that beat ing—monsieur, he was black and blue ; with my own eye3 I saw the braises ! — within a week ha was no more— he was dead. That is ' why I say she murdered him." " One tale is good," reflected Mr. Fletcher, " until another is told. The fault does not ap pear to have been all on one side. If she beat him with her shoe— degradation not to be sur passed — I don't wonder that he preferred the bosom of Pourquoipas." Corroboration of Monsieur Bonchard's story was obtained from another quarter— from the Breton maid Who waited upon him at the mid day meal. " What sort of a man was the late Monsieur Peltier?" " An angel." Mr. Fletener felt that this was strong. The maid did not look as though she was an enthu siastic damsel. On the other hand, still .less did Monsieur Peltier— in his portrait— look as though he were an angel. " What was there angelic about him ?" " He was so good ; that was his fault — he was too good. He was a little man — such a little man — one could have nursed hi liira a baby." Mr. Hatcher was conscious that there might be drawbacks in being nursed like a baby. " I suppose, then, that he and his wife lived happily together?" "Happily ! Ah, for example ?" The damsel was steading _ by hiB chair. Stooping, she whispered in his ear : " Madame has a tongue !" Standing up, she looked about her, possibly to see if the coast was clear: "And madame has an arm? You see that?" She pointed to a red mark upon her cheek. " She has just done it. . She may be big, but I will let her know that next time she slips me it shall not be for nothing." It was possible that the damsel's evidence was prejudiced. When one has just been slapped, one d !68 not, necessarily, have a high opinion of the slapper. Still, straws show which way the wind is blowing. It was evident that nnblic opinion was not unanimous in reprobating Monsieur Peltier. Mr. Fletcher did not see his hostess until after sapper. He was quitting the talle-a-manger when be heard the sound of sobbing. The sound proceeded from a little room at the foot of the stairs. The dGor of the room was open. In it was Madame Peltier. " Monsieur, I entreat you, enter." Mr. Fletcher entered. " It is all over. It is done. It is finished." Mr. Fletcher inquired what was finished. " I am ruined. It is of no consequence to any one — that I know very well — but it is all the world to me." Mr. Fletcher asked — being driven upon the paths of cross-examination — iu what way she was rained. "I have just given orders that all my horses — Pourquoipas alone is worth five and twenty thousand francs — and all the money I have in the world are to be sent tc a man in Moriaix, of whom I have not even heard the name." " You are not serious ?" " Do I look as though I were not serious, Monsieur ? What would you have ? Ask Sam Tucker. He is going to take both tbe money and horses. " If you really have given such an order, I would earnestly advise you to countermand it. You don't mean to say, now you have had an opportunity for quiet thought, that you are not yourself persuaded that you have been the victim of a trick ?" " What do you call a trick? Was that a trick test night Do not tell me I do not knew my own husband, if yon please. All this morning I say to myself, \I will go into the stable. No, no, ho !' This afternoon I find upon my table a piece of paper—' Cornel' Who put it there? It is in my husband's handwriting. I went to the stable, although ! said to myself I would not go. I have heard there from Pourquoipas — ah, what I have heard ! Never was I spoken to in such a way before. And by a horse! Ciel! It is a wonder I am not dead I It is enough that I promised to send the hcrses and toe money by Sam Tucker to a man at Moriaix, whose, name even I do not know. " "I would strongly advise you to put off the fulfilment of yonr promise, at any rate, until the morning." " It is impossible ! I am not a woman with out courage, but I do not dare." She did dare. . Mr Fletcher persuaded her. The sacrifice was postponed. "Now," th8geatleman told himself, "un- lesp I am greatly mistaken, to-night I shall have another visitor a3 the consequence of meddling with the affairs of others." Bis forebodings were realised; he had a visitor. He put off retiring to the latest pas sible moment. When he did seek the privacy of his own apartment he still postponed the act of going; to bed. "I think I; remenjher seeing somewhere a little play called Diamond Cut Diamond. If I am to receive a visitor I think I'll receive him sitting up. I shall be able to offer him more courtesy than I should if I were in bed." He put out the candle, taking care to have it within easy reach. He put a box of matches in his pocket— only regretting that there was no lantern handy. Taking off his boots he sat down in a chair and wanted. He waited hours. Nothing broke the silence of the xiight. No church clock told of the flight of timp, " One might aim set think that someone had told my friend that I had a six-shooter in my pocket, toe better to do him honour. If some thing doesn't happen soon, I shall either hare to walk about or else go to sleep in my chair — and, if it comes to that, I'd better go to bed." The night stole on. Still nothing .to break the monotony of waiting in the dark. More than once Mr. Fietcher had caught his chin in the act of faliing forward on to his chest— his yawns became prodigious . "It begins to occur to me that at my time of life nothing and no one is worth sitting up for ali night. I'm off to bed," He ww about togo to bed and, for that pur- Ci had already risen from bis .seat, when—it. da sound f "What's that P" It might have been tos creaking of a hoard. It might have been the movement of a mouse, .It might have been any of the trifling r|mtte of which we are conscious in the Ben! hfijhe night. Of one thing only had heard a sound ! He listened, his kense of hearing almost unnaturally peH, A Sohnd "Perhaps after all it's & mouse." j.t. j If it was a mouse, ft was one,t The sound became plainer. It seemei to MX Fletcher that it was coming fearer. T,, . 1 " It's someone moving. I hope to goodness it isn't that old idiot, madame." But it did not seem as if it proceeded front toe stairs. Surely if she came at all, she would come that way. " It strikes me that it is soma one in the other room. . For all I know, there may be some One sleeping there. Hallo! What's that?" It was a ray of light — the merest pencil'! T$ gleamed, like a streak, of molten metal, across the floor. "As I'm a Dutchman, it's shining through toe wall !" .. ' It was; there could be no doubt of It. Ii came through a crevice in toe wainscott. "I have it! I spot it all! Now for the next card in.thegame — it'll bee call for trumps. I rather fancy, too, that I shall be able to trump this littie trick." The pencil of light grew wider. ( They're slipping a panel in the wainscott— just behind toe head, of my bed! This ffiing gets beautifully plain !" . With, a catlike step Mr. Fletcher moved towards toe bed. The pencil of light was ceasing to be a pencil — it began to illuminate the room. . . " Steady, my friend, that panel distinctly creaked. You must oil it next time before you play this game. In delicate operations of this kind trifles light as air' are apt to spoil the full effect." The room was in that State of semi- radiance which had puzzled Mr. Fletcher on the pre vious night. " Now, my friend, is it now ? It is ! He's coining ! Trumped : Good evening, dear friend, good evening ! " With one hand he held sme one by the collar of his coat ; with the other he pointed a revolver into some one's face. " Good evening, dear friend, good even ing." Then ensued an interval for reflection. The captive seemed momentarily paralysed ; the captor was taking stock. The prisoner was a little man — a very little man — scarcely reach ing above Mr. Fletcher's waist. " After all !" The words proceed from the little man in something between a moan and a gasp. " As yon say, my friend, after all— after all, we meet again. Perhaps you will permit me to strike "a light — my light ? Your light we will examine later on." The little man offered no resistance when his captor drew him toward the table. He stood in silence while the candle was being lit ; nor did he flinch when Mr. Fletcher held it in fpAai /if li.'e fonn fLn liaffAii 4A BAA — 1 mvuv vx aw euv VUVVUI kV DvTO IVUAvlUWittW of man he was. " From toe look of you I should say yon Were the late Peltier's Corsican brother," " You have a revolver. Shoot me. It is bettor so." "It may be better so— a little later in the evening. At the present it seems to me that it would be a pity. Let me place you on tiro, table. Lifting him in his arms, Mr. Fletcher seated hfm on toe edge of the table, toe little man re maining as docile as a child. When, however, he had gained that post of vantage, " What it iB to have been born a little man 1" he groaned, " The situation is not without its compensa tions. Women, mistaking your age, may bestow on you their caresses as generously as though you were a littie boy. Now, may I ask — I trust you will not deem toe question an impertinence — who yon are, and what's your little game ?" " Do you not know met" ' ' Unless you are the ghost of the late lamented Peltier, I am afcaid I don't." " I am Peltier himself." "Peltier! Ernest! Whew!. Mr. Fletcher whistled. "But I thought that you were dead." " In the morning I shall he dead." The little man Bpoke with an air of tragic gloom. " But so far as I understand the rights of toe matter, yon are — or you ought to be— atone dead now. You are buried." " My coffin is buried.' The littie man-was still. Looking at him, marking his air of extreme depression, Mr. Fletcher began, faintly, to realise the situa tion. " You do not understand ?" "Not yet — exactly." " A' though you do not understand— yon have ruined me. It seems to me that that is well. It is because you love my wife ?" " Your wife ! Well, not precisely.. " What is it, then? You think, no doubt yon bave done a brave thing, a clever thing, yon, a stranger, who came into this country for toe first time yesterday. Yon are mistaken. Yon see I am a small man. My wife she is as big as a house. Ever since the day I married her she has made my life no life at all. I could do nothing against her ; she did with me aa she pleased. Once I ran away. I ffid not go far— r I had only three francs in my pocket. Yhoee I had to steal. Sometimes two. three times a daw she would look to see if there was any money inmypocketB. She found me, toe brought me back, toe locked me up tor three whole vreeks in this very room. She took away my clothes. She left me but my drawers ana my slippers and mysbirt. That was very fanny, was it not ? For you ; but not for me. Oh, mon Dim ! After all I am a man." In toe uncertain light Mr. Fletcher saw that the tears were rolling down tiro speaker's cheeks. . " I was ashamed tooomplain to people of toe treatment I received, (hough I do- not doubt that it was plain enough to all toe worift. I thought once or twice of killing bar, baft it seemed to me that it would be better that I should kill myself rather than her. This refieo- turn put into my head toe begiimingrff aetoema. At last things came to a orisi. She—toe beat me. She beat meas tooughl wareatofld-i- ine, a man of honour —with a slipper upon her knee! It iB incredible, but it h none tiro , less the truth, toe best me until i criedwiih pain ! That was enough. I arranged my I pretended to he very ilL Ikuewtoat she 'was . very superstitious. I told her that when I was dead my soul would pass into toe body of % horse." ' . . P<miqu)cnpa8f ri.Into toe body of Pourauotois. No sootros kad i said ittoan I seemea todiei ; ' 1 itungi' is eirtiSsiS of desDt known in this, 1 -fctttof the worldi" f ! to yfcdfeav Shelost irojtekia pttttinsme mto a , DeacLehefeaiedme more than living. ttitj on- were out of w> - "That n 'sow" "When the coffin had been Iwriedwe flof kefs-down into the stable, I \- to her as she thought, out of the mouth if Pourquoipas." - ... , . . .. "And, pray, bow was that edifying perform- 1 lyaoe arrangM.? Yon spoke to me, youmnst tomember, out cf toe mouth of P ourquoip. "It w&sveiysimple.; There is a cellar under- nafth the stable. A small grating opens into a. 1 .« r»_ r .nnVa Aroilffh the W WA VI S . jTi I jrrotiuff. Yon were easily deceived. . I "You think so, do youV It seems to me, my friend. that you're a past master in decep tion." . ... . x I 44 My idea was to frighten my wife mto send ing toe horses — which after all, are my own \- property — and a sum of money to an address in \- fioSiixL Then . I toeold be able to start ur 1 A world afresh, freed from the chains of j r -slavery. There can be no doubt she would ; have sent the?"- You came upon the scene. : . peddling ' In the affaire of others you have ' tuteed alL It seems that I must starve, and, after all — n Hist! What's that ? Mr. Fletcher caught Monsieur Peltier by the arm. "There's some ' vnAe coming up the stairs, and I'll bet a dollar , iPe your wife. Side behind the curtains of the ; hed." . 1 There came a tapping at the door, r "Who's there?' ' . 'Open , monsieur, open I" When the door was opened Madame Peltier stood without, in tii6&iry; costuxpy of nigxifcofclorB. Monsieur, - 1 I cannot sleep, it is no good. All the night I | think that i hear voices " j A figure advanced into the center of the room, I toe figure of a very little man. I Agnes !" I The iady fainted. Sixteen solid stone fell with a thud upon the ground. Mr. Fletcher brought her round in course of time, , It was.Brnestl" - - ' Upon my word," said Mr. .Fletcher, 11 1 I believe it was." . ! "It is enough. Better to be ruined than to ' die. I will seudthe money and toe horses in the moraine. . And toe sent them ! — All the Year Round. 