.AN AFTERNOON'S OUTING. W~atward are thousands of snug house; and millions of acres of rich land whost suriace is broken by the double, peaks o t'Yonu Yngs ~ortlhwardr stretclici ing rangoe 'w li practly" din a sudden decline at Mount Macedon. The Camel's Hump today is particularly prominent. Both near and afar there are various points of interest which to many who have lived in the city 'all their life: are practically unknbow. On the same side of the river that we now stand are the ammunition factories and powder magazine, directly opposite befig the raceconuse and its costly surroundings, Suppose that during the great event of the year the 'excitement' of the thrilling four o'clock ovent 'caught on' to the black death dealing material across the stream-ugh, the thought sends a shiver right through one's body. Along the dusty road for a mile or two, and we come on the valley of the river, which forms a fit subject for' any artist. Thie stream upward from thi Maribyrnong bridge is a moat picturetque spot, and it is suprising-that the place .e not more largely used for picnic paitiesc Ah I but stay. We had brought a billy, and a few other accompaniments. We drove alongside of an old wool shed and determined to camp. One of our party, armed with no more dangerous a' weapon than a ' william can,' did Blondin along a rickety fence with a view to procuring some water from'the river to make tea. 'Taste it,'suggested afriend. The friend did. ' Whish, it's salt.' We packed uip and postponed operations till a niore con venient season. During the drive there had been a centre figure rou'nd which we had been !¶ovolving'--vhically and mentally. It was the old stone battle at the rear of the once a6dive Meat Preserv ing works: We were anxinus to introduce ourselves to the quaint edifica which had a look of the medieval about it. The structure is on Mr Warr's properly, and driving up to the main entrance we noted the gate locked, but beforo we had reached it the keeper came out, and was about to let us in when one of our party rather incautiously remarked that 'we merely wished toWhave a look' at the castle.' 'Oh is that all yez want, well yez can't see any. more of it than where yes are, for unless yer on biziness ycz can't get in.' We expressed our gratitude and backed out, determined to' take' iel castle either near or far by the strategies of Field Iarabal Camera. - . 'Farther down the mal' thoiousghfir wo spied a gate opening'ianto a road liat skirted the river bank. Wd found th? gate belonged to the family of Sesame, and very soon we ware alongsidd the castle, If it haus n antiuanted appearance, at a distance it has a still more weird surrounding. . The castle, built on a jutting rock, envircned with quarries, apparently witlout a living soul in pos session, affords the romantic mind a bank. ful of conjectures. If ghosts lire, here is the place to find them, or if hermits still exist, this is surely their sequestered spot. But this soliloquy is broken in upon by one of our number, who, lost to the run. ning of fancy painting, saw a tank at the rear of the stern looking building and immediately cried out ' Water I where'e the billy?' With some degree of caution we ventured to the rear, and, after care fully knocking and receiving no response, we opened tile door and saw before us hush I-a water tap where 'some one' had not long before been a-drinking. We never spoke, but carefully closed the door and made for the front entrance, which boasts of a well made porch. We gave a; knock. A knock Aye ! 'but did ye not hear the rattle of the door, and the un banny sounds resounding within. Had the 'hour been midnight, with the pale liteoout-at hight moon just shimmering over the sea of corrugated iron roofs iii th- Temperance tdwnahip, and lighting up the ripples on the tortuous river beloi, what a terror would have orershadowed our faces. That rap to many a man, yts, and particularly a woman, would have been a knock out in the first act. Before we had time to run away, a door, some where let into another portion of the hall round the other side of the far corner of the porch, was opened, and a hale hearty old fellow stood looking at ue, We stared at him. The billy was put forward as an apology, followed with a request for a little water. The spell was broken. (To be coninued,) 