foklisi Our Ghost. STORY OF A 2JIGHT ADVEN- ' TUBE. ^ BY : MABV a -••-.• ASAWYEB. "SoXway;" " "Who's seen it?" " Farmer GooperisJack, for one?' " Jack ! Scaredhim mest outof his wits, X reckon !" " He sayB so." "Does! Hi, ikt'g s good one Sam! Ha, ha! Ben White jast -wishes he'd been there to see him ran !" " He didn't ran, Ben." "Didn't run/" " He says he fell flat upon his face, not daring to move," continued Sam " Humph f ' " And that-he Lay on the ground until he was nearly stiff with ebld." " And then what did he do ?" sceptically. -, "Got np and went home, I suppose I didn't ask him. I was thinking, Ben, that yoa and I might trap this ghost." " How ?" eagerly. " I'm the man for ghosts, old boy." Sam looked first over one shoulder, then ovejr the other, before he replied. " I don't want any one to hear us," he explained, as he proceeded to divulge the scheme he had matured. " How i* that ?" he added. " Capital !" It'll trap him sure !' " Tonight, then," said Sam. * " At Hindhope farm, at ten. Fll be there. What time does he walk ?" "Jack saw him just before daylight." " All right, in? ioyinlly, walk !" ' As a ghost," added Sam. Poor old fellow," laugh- " lie s taken his last " ' As gho-t." We'll be on time ; and I say, Htnff your poi-kets, Sam. We'll be precious hungry before daylight does appear." " All right. I'll remember." Early hours prevailed in the village of Bucktou. By nine o'clock there were few lights to be seen in the scattered houses ; by ten there were none. The night was clear and frosty, and a keeu wind blew from the north, as Sam, his stockings and boots tacked under his arm, crept down the dark stairs and out at the kitchen door. He drew a long breath as he softly closed it, and sat down upon the broad stone step and drew on his boots and stockings. " It's confoundedly cold," he muttered, looking up at the stars, " and if that ghost's got common-sense he won't walk much to-night." Ben White, leaning over the fence of lus father's cornfield awaiting Sam, and impatiently stamping his feet upon the cold, frozen snow, held the same views. " Hillo !" he called, in a shrill, farreaching whisper, as he saw Sam approaching, " that you, Sam ? Stinger of a night, isn't it 1 We'll trap no ghosts to-night, old boy !" " Maybe not," said Sam, " but he may be all the bolder fpr it." " True enough, old boy !" Almost in silence the two lads sped over the deserted highway until they reached a spot known as The Forks, where three roads' met. Pausing here they held a hasty consultation. " If we go together," said Sam, " he'll maybe see us, bnt if you can manage to get round by the back o£ thechurch, stealing along-by the fences Fll take tbe bill." ""All rijj^it. Fll risk his seeing the. But the Mllfe a glare of ice, Sam." " So-much the better for us. Now then, ft you're ready, we'll 6tart." Taming aside from the main road, the boys separated at the foot of a long, straight lull, on the summit of which stood the square, steep-roofpd meetinghouse. it was no easy task to crawl, np the long icy hill, as Sam soon fonnd, bat he was a lad of resolute will, and though he slipped, back a score of times, he somehow managed to reach the summit at the same moment that Ben, holding on to the rails of the rough fence thatsurrounded the church, appeared in sight. ''•=.• . Ben gave a low and^qurckly suppressed,laugli, as, pantingand excited, they met on the-churdi fifceps. \ I don't knowwhat sort of en animal you looked like," he said. I know how my hands and knees feel," rejoined Sâm. " There isn't a square inch of skin on them." " 1 had a touch-and-you-go tumble myself,* laughed Ben. « Hush ; hell hear us." " Our^host !" tragically. "But I say, Sam,we11 feoon freeze out here." " I've changedmy plan," said Sâm. We'll go inside 5 let him go out for & stroll if he wants to, aiid then nab him when hereturns." * "ÎThatfs better," approvingly. « Yesj it's too cold |o wast outside; Towtben, Ben, heïhasn't lockedj^h oor, so if .you've gcrt your biœathlwre'j _ lip in. Softly! I'll hold the door i ill you're in.*" " " Done ! " in a hoarse whisper. "Done!" echoed Sam, closing the eavy door cautiously. — What next ? " asked Ben. " An hour's waiting,' and maybe three r four." • ^ a hh b ri "Whew ! S'pose he's in the loft? o I'm'going up, Saan I " •'Off with your boots, then!" ' The boys stood in a sm^ll square entry, from which a flight of steep, winding stairs led to.a gallery, or left,: as it was most frequently named, which held a number of square, boxed-in pews, which were, however, seldom usedby the congregation. Up these stairs Ben, divested of his heavy boots, > now slowly wept. *Mf I see or hear anybody or anything,'tnan or ghost, I'll «ome down A quick," he said, in a whisper," and mind yon - sh out if he spring® out on yon." .' . The moments seemed • hours to the waiting -sèntiy. > : Hë hi^ île ïa^ of the doorthat opao^ihfo;^ house and pressed his weight against It, land listened if anything was stirring within. He.felt himself shivering, and his face and hands tingled with cold. Still he stood, erect and motionless, by the closed door. At last he heard , Ben's voice calling to him. in a-whisper so hoarse and excited that it sent the blood suddenly leaping through his n veins. « " Come 1 " he called, " don't waste a a sectod." "What's up?" groping his way to ^•{h the stairs. " Wait a second till I get off my boots." "Keep '«mon, end fetch mine along," directed Ben, "bat mind you step light." " What's up?" " The Ghost /" sepnlchrally. Sam bounded up the stairs as rapidly as heavy boots and darkness would permit. " Where ? " as he reached the top. "Where?" "Sh! Sh! He's in there^-asleep— on one of the pews. Easy, Sam ! He'll wake up if we're not careful. Here, sit down here, give me your, hand—no, we'll go inside where it's warm." " Warm ? " questioned Sam. " What makes it warm ? "- " The ghost has made a fire ! " was the astounding reply. " What ? Rather a cool sort of chap, isn't he?" "/ Bather, I guess !" " How dia you find him ?" " Heard -his loud breathing as quick as I got up here, and so, knowing he must be asleep, I stepped inside, tiptoed round till I found him, and then came back for you, old fellow. And now what will we do with him ?" Sam was silent for a few minutes then he said, "I reckon we'd better do as* we planned. He'll wake up pretty soon, it's likely, and go out for his prowl, and we'll nab hint when he comes " AH right," said Ben. " Now then, we'll go in and have a bite of bread, for I'm hungiy." " We must hide somewhere. He may have a lantern." " There are some boxes at the other end. If we don't tip'em over we can hide behind them." " We should tip 'em over. No, we'll get into the first pew we-come to, and crawl under the seat. He wont look there if we're quiet." "All right. But I say, Sam, we ought to have brought a lantern." " I hate three candles in my pocket. We can light them while he's out." "And see what sort of a fellow ghost really , is," laughed Ben. "Sh! Sh!"- . . " He won't hear. He's blowing, too loud a trumpet ! Still, I will, not speak again." Moving slowly and cautiously, the boys entered the loft and groped their way to a pew ; then, stowing themselves side by side under the Jngh sçat, they lay there munching, and awaiting thé movements of the unseen sleeper. He slept long and heavily, but at last Sam's vigilance was rewarded. He beard just a restless movement, then a groan, and then an exclamation. Listening stall more ;attentively, he discovered that tilts unknown inmate of the meeting-hf>nse;hacL^n^en aiMi 9r^s'strikinjg ^.l mai^v Ben, ' receiving. ~a .vigorous - thrust - in return. Both, hoys were ; ÎMavej vand adveiitarous, jet bc^h hea.lts beid) futer as. the possibility of• discovery immediately confronted them. • Presently a feeble light shone, andthff boys heard the click of a lantern-slide. "Now we're caught !" thought Ben. "He'll see usf sure as the daylighti" thought Sa^a. Moving neither hand nor foot,^scarcely daring to bieathe, 3^t «&âng tlie gloom with wide-open éyes, the^oys'waited the next movement of their advàsaiy. ' Presently a slow, shuffling step was heard'—it drew néàrèr, 'n^rer-r^and, looking ndther to the right inor lèft, they saw the Jigure of an old and bent man. He passed ~ them with a feeble, uncertain gait, opëned tiie door, and went down the stuns. **•&& joà'éâeidaTif'^fa^bicëd Ben. "Let's follow-him!" " Sh ! He'll hear us ! listen, Ben, and see if he goes ont doors." « He's a great ghost," muttered Ben. He's a hnndred^rears old. A great I wosder whb he Is Sam ?" -f listen! Wasjit that the door ? Slip «over to the window, Ben, and see if you can see him." «Yes," reported Ben, lifter a tew, moments, "he's creeping along the Precious slippêry tell find it. y =fe IS .is time o'-> warrant !"' ee o: Come, Be %ai<JJf shieldng it withoneliand, "well look rt>und h bit and see what that man-ie -iuding ere. for. Maybe he's a burglar... Peraps he has keys and files and things -ere.^^faybe he's fusfr^one out to prowl ojuad and see which honse fae'll break nto,orwhat barn he'll fire." Ben sliook his head. " I guess you're nlbhe wrong scent, Sam. You couldn't have Been the man's face as plain as I saw it - 'He's too -old. He's - a hundred, Sam, if lie's a day. He ain't spry enough to be creeping in windows. He d get caught too quick." «Wfell," after a moment's reflection, "lie's biding here. Ben."" ""Plain as the nose on my face. ' "So my idea is to hunt round a bit and then go down and wait by the door till he returns." " Aid then nab Min u H he comes : alone. We'll stand behind jdioor Jie sgets inside, slip :SoSj|j diongjind Jock jlferr.you.. can take riiek^;Ben--^ndt^ him both i^y^here^iall "daylight and v hoId him ? We'll")» just àboilt frozen, I reckon." " I brought a coil of rope," Said S " We can tie his hands and feet while we go for your folks or mine." "That's right, that's first rate. A search of five or ten minutes revealed neither burglars' tools, clothing, or food. In the pew nearest the stovepipe thçre was a heap of cushions, faded nd long since discarded, which had evidently served as a bed, but there was no other trace of the man who had selected this lonely and retired meetingouse as his hiding-place. " It beats me ! I give it up ! " exclaimed Ben. i: : | "Who can he bè?" replied Sam, knitting his forehead in perplexity. "I'd like to know what he findâJto eat," said Ben. " I'd be precious hungry if I had to stay here ajl day," " Well, we shall find out, perhaps, when we get him. We had Setter go down now, Ben. He may come back right away," But the boys had time to grow cold and restless and impatient as the moments lengthened into hours. " Maybe he' hate gone for good^' sngg< Ben, at length. 1 *' Let's go home." "Wo," said Bam, "we must wait until daylight ; it was .just before daylight when Jack saw him. We must wait, Ben." "All right, if we don't freeze etiS." "Sh! Sh! I hear footsteps ! He is coming ! Listen, "Bén," in a whisper, "we'll let him getinand lighthislaritern then you. lock tJie v door. EU have my rope handy, and when, lie starts to go upstairs we spring upon him." "All right. Hold on like fun. Don'i let him have his hands, free. Catch his arms and grip tight." With the last word the door was flung open, some one staggered in, cast some thing upon the floor,stepped back, sighed wearily, and closed the door. Another long, deep sigh, and then the boys heard him strike a match. By its dim light: Ben : slipped along, locked the door softly, and put the key in his pocket. Softly as he turned the key theaiewcomer heard thé faint click, , and, lantern in hand, turned around. With a low cry he stood erect as the boys sprang forward-and grasped his arms. " Let me alone ! Let me alone ! -Pn» not doin' nobody no harm. Let me alone!" he cried. Ben held him firmly with one hand; while with the other ;.he wrested the lantern from Ins weak, trembling fingers and put it upôn tbë staîrs, while Sam, who for the first time saw him clearly, felt a throb of pity for him and loosened his grasp. ;" Let me go ! -Let me go !" continued the captive. " Just let me -go I" Sam lookeî at thé tall, bent figure, the thin, haggard face, the appealing eyes, in which there was, he fancied, the unspoken dread of the hunted animal brbaght to bay. " Who are you ?" he asked gently, " and what are you doing here ?" • "Speak up H said Ben. " What are yon lading here for ?" - Speak up !" T3iere'%as no answer. Instead, there m^e intqi I3ie îhati's face a ; look of re- ".J.'"'w'.. who . was li^BOining impatient, said éh^ijûyr—topaak ap, I «ay " Still thére was no answer. The boys es^iangcd' glances. It was a strange pt^itio& in which they found themselves: They had come hither expecting to find, If 'they found -any -one, some one as strong and active as themselves, who troçld r make « hàidand desperate resist" ance." 3rist^d, ^i old ànd feeblë marl wais their -caplâvfe;' What should tliey do ? their eyes asked. \- Suddérily thé man gasped for breath andclo4Sei fus-eyes. !? ^Hëlp him to sit down on the stairs," directed Sam. " He's tired." Hungry too " said Ben, as he half iéd, half dragged liim to the stairs. He gaspéd à^aln, and leaned wearily against iÉHl^t"",'' " "jCîorn^"; whispered Ben. "he's no ghost ! We paay as well go home, if he won't open his mouth. Let him stay here. if he likes. Who cares ? , He'll starve himself into a ghost, unless he steals his food when he's out" Fm no theif !" cried the man exdtédly ; " I haven't took a thing 'cept that lantern an' them matches, an' I were goin* to leave the pay for them. I i thing ! 1 'haven't stole Ho food ! I haven't had no food for «igîi aWeek." l h abwg : o " ' « What made you go out, if you p - L'tjjg-pfor |ood^" çxclftàn|6d Ben. legman pointed-ïto arm^l ^ " gfl and dead|bongh£1ie trâà. wn upon -iSieKloor. ^When lie ^âosedT eyes? again, leaning back_ in-: his former position. . . •"We yonld like to know who you are, fend why you are here," said. Sam. * You laiu't got no right to ferajrhere, you know," said Ben, *' and when folks know you're here they'll drive you out." " Haven't you any home, any folks of your own ?" asked Sam. Still there was no answer. He rented his question after. a short sdence, and Ben added, " If you've got a homes, old man, I'd advise you to clear out as quick as you cap, for the deacons and the parson won't let no tramps stay here." " I'm no tramp." " Well, who are you, any. way f 1 said Ben. Bon't tease him," said Sam, " he loobs-'sick, and I'm going home to bring fathejr over here." At these words the mail started. " Dotft; fetch no.V'onieJ" iexcitedly. ^ Just let me gô !; jnst feia» go. !. .JSr -^JPll^ti àiraçy ^^iûii^^^i'-'ïàîaf- ^iâl knfl 'héll die of starvation if we leave lûm here, or if h&gpes; tramping off somewhefé " <6 Let me go ! let me go !" said the captive, faintly struggling to free his arms. 'No," said Sam, " we shall not eave you here alone to die of cold and unger. If you will not tell us who you re and why you are here, I shall ring^my father. H» is a doctor. He ill know if you are sick, and Be will et you home somehow;" " .Home : wail, " I haveri't got nô hoine !"• , \ Thé boys looked: helplessly at each ther, and for a few moments neither ofthem: spoke. ' Haven't you got np folks ?" asked Ben, at length. . < The man opjened his eyes and sat up more erectly and looked at Ben and Sam attentively. / : • -, « Boys." lie said, " I'll trust ye. don't think ye'll try to get me turned iÈ»ut of hère if I téUîye why Fm here, an' I'll trust ye." ; - , ''Here," interrupted Ben, whose sympathies were now fully aroused, •'.eat that first," handing him a^roken piece of gingerbread, " and well pitch the fellow down that hill that tries to turn youaout. You can. stay here - j ast as long as you want to, can't he. Sam?" " Yes," heartily, " but be'll be cold and hungry, and he'll get sick." "To be sure. .And 'twill ^e Sunday, too,- day'after -to-morrowl Well in a whisper, " we can coax him to see your father." "Bpys, J ' continued -their prisoner, " IH trust ye. Boys, I'm here because I haven't got .no home. I had one," I had a wife, but she died," in a quivering voice. - Sam felt, the arm which he still held tremble^ and he sau'd quickly—" Do not tell us, if it makes you feel bad." "Ill trust ye. Ye've got honest faces, and I'll trust ye. Boys, she died while I was in prison. Yes," as both boys started back. " I were let out last Monday morning ; but," excitedly, " I hadn't ought to have been sent there They said "I set fire to my bam, an'they sent, me to prison, an'—great tears rolling down liis cheeks—" the parting an' the shanie o't. killed my wife, an" ' never can see her, I never can see her no. mole •"—-sobbing and panting. . 'i How did you get out ?" askéd Ben, in a husky voice. "The man that did it—the man always suspected—died some time ago, an* he said he did it, an' they let me out v ' They, gavé nie ttièsê clothes an* a little money to keep me till I could get work. But I found my Nancy dead an'/ gone, dead an' gone, an' my homé broke up, an' I couldn't stay there, sol come here. ."I used to live here when I was a little chqp, au* I_ thought I'd come here an' die. I'pi dying, I am, an\ 'twas bitter cold, so I just turned in here, thought no.one would find me out—I've fetched in them twigs an' kept a fire at night—an' I'd stop a little, an' maybe, I'd die 'fore long."- : " You musn't die !" said Sam. " You must îët. ^^thra;^^^^ He ^wônjt 1 'feàl,' After much persuasion, the man r£ ludtantly consented, and the boye assisted - him to the rough bed he liad constructed, and then they made up a brisk fire before'they left him. "We shall Sam, 'f so it's no matter if the smoke is seen. "Lock the.door, Benj and take the key. He'll stay there fast enough poor old 1 man ; - but some one might go in and startle hip." " Sftm)" said Ben, as they slid down the icy -bill, "do you believe our ghost story ?" t " Yes," emphatjcdly. "So do I ! But, I say, what a duffer Jack must be. He's a great ghost that feeble old man. A great ghost. I say, Sam, ' what's going to be done with him!" '-'•'•.' " JEPather wiU know," said Sam. "He'll take him "home most likely, and doctor him,.. and then help him to get work." "If he's sick, m help* take care of him," said Ben. "For,' with a laugh, " I don't intend to watch all night for a ghost «id then lose him/' The kindly doctor investigated the ghost's story and found it true. "What shall we do with him ?" he asked the boys. "He is a sick man." " Bring Mm home, 4 ' said Sam, romptly. " Ben and 1 will nurse Mm till he get^ well, and then we'll find work for ijim. We found bim. ; We'll makeiout^ somehow to help him." ghat's so!" said Ben. " He's our ghost, you know," added "That's so!" said Ben, old ghost " •Our poor 