a amk k&PEmEb;'tiR m' Ttiii tfARDOO CREEK. , ' (By Callipers, to tlie Xrjiu.) It was nearly sundown on Buclcland'e Tkbloland, ' m Central ; ' QUeenslaiid. The sun was still striking fieroe rayn of crimson lieht bn the hill topB. but the lagged gtfllieS that ' pierce tho rpiountain'S Bide were1 gradually being inundated 'bya cieeping flood of black ?nbss whioh toss ' slowly higher and higher, 'enveloping everything - be- I heath in' obscunty; ' - ' There were four of ub. I need not go into detail tif who or what we were — we were all boub of poor but honest parentB, and all 'that sort of thing, and one of Tib was a nigger ; but abovo all we were' very tired after a long day's ride among tbe ranges. So were cur horses. We had been looking for a suitable camp 'for Spine hours, but a fire bad Bwept the platoau pf every fragment of green and left it barron, blaok, and hepeleSs. ' Wb wbre, there fore, very anxious to got down to the Nardoo' Oreek, whioh heads in the tableland, but thiB proved to be no easy matter. Tho hill siaea were steep and rough, and although tbe black boy oould show us many places where we might descend ou foot, he could not solve the pro blem aa to how the horaes might ho got down. This kept lis riding until we had nearly reaohed the head cf the gully, and tvlieu at last We scrambled down it was 'quite dark. ' The gully is very narrow, with great boulders lying at the bottom, and travelling in the dark was very toilsome, but it had to be done. I oould never look my mare in the face again if I turned her out where she could find nothing but stones. So we ploddod on for some distance until wo reaohed a part of tho gorge whioh was broader aud yielded some little pasture. Here I stopped, but was immediately accosted by tho blBck, who vehemently pretested against camping; So far as I could judge in the darkness, the boy waB thoroughly frightened ; he gesticulated wildly, and spoke in an awe-striken half-whisper. Pointing to what ap peared to be a sheer wall pf rpek oo tbb ether side pf tho oreek, he said, ' Baal you carnpit alonga this ono, mine tink it big fella divil -divil sit down.' ' Whioh ono divil-divil ?' : 'Be-eg fella divil-divil.' 'Ah, I think you gammon, Jerry.' ' Baal gammon, Bos, be-eg fella divil-divil 'longa that ono ; ' and the mors I appeared resolved tb Btay the more Jerry ' Baal gammoned and divil-diviled.' But I was much too tired to be moved, and, in any ease, my curiesity was aroused, and I determined to see this slab of rock in the' daylight, and, if possible, find out tbe reason for Jerry's trouble. So there we campod. Wo bad soon let our hprseB go, had supper, and turned in, three of us in one large tent, and Jerry under a neighbouring buBb. My friends, Jackson and Yorky, wero sppn sound asleep, one eaoh side of me. I remained reading by the iigbt of !a candle stuck in the ground near my bead. I was buried in a chapter of absorbing interest, and made a des perate attempt at keeping my eyes open long' enough to finish it, but with all my Struggles the print every now and then beoame misty, and soemed to float away into infinity. Then a breath of aool air passed over my faoe, and I waB overcome. I dreamed that I had been translated to paradise, and a warm, balmy air played upon my brpw, and a great light shone ' upon' me. As I drew nearer to the presence it became warm— warmer— hot, but I was very drowsy, I mumbled, 'Jackson, I think you'd better get up. Hey, I think you'd bettor get up, Jackson ; fire, I think, fire, fike 1 ' The test was ablaze. I. don't think Yorky took time to open his eyes, but shot out pf the doorway like a bolt (from a crossbow, without leaving hiB future address. Jackson seized his pillow, and attaoked the flames like a lion, while I con- - stituted myself a salvage brigade, and very unceremoniously pitched the contents of the tent out of doors. When this was done. I. was not a little - surprised to find that Jaokson- was getting the beBt . of the fight, and seizing a pieoe of canvas. I went to bis assistance, and after a few seconds' whaoking we had got oontrol of. the flames, and saved one half our tent. Then' we made some remarks to Yorky, who had just returned from his mid night exoursion and found it very hard to lopk dignified pr - heroio in his evening dress. Indeed I am afraid .we chaffed. him somewhat unmerci fully—but why dwell upon his dis comfiture £ Poor boy, be was not accustomed to that sort pf thing in Yorkshire. He was .-just -explaining, -with an,, expansive smile, 'Lard, a wot', that sleepy- 1 dadn't na wat a ' ^ordoen,' when we were startled by a braokling poise — a large tuft of graBS a few yards from tbe tent bad caught . fijre. We made n feeble offort.to ex 'tingiiish it, btit soon found it was - utterly useless. .'A -strong breeze was blowing' up the dell, and everything was dry as tinder. Almost before we reaohed the plaoe the ;flames wero .surging against the. wallB of rock on each side, aud in two .minutes - tbe gorge was flopded with 'fire, 'the rearing.and crashing of -trees - was appalling— levers- crevice in the ropksjsbo'wed'up in brilliant red like piotured lightuing. Great skeleton . like ! dead treeB stalked out of i 'the darkness, clad in robes of fite, to -lopk . .for the last time pn their onre peaceful . .hoine. Crawling, running.i leaping, . cUmbing ; never ;* corner too small, .or,. a traok too tortuou^, this patient' Jjend sw'allowB eyqry,thing. Hill.-.be--: .jrohd hill, ^aob in.fta turn is crowned ' ty.ith fire, then left 'in' a sable robe,-. Studded with flashing diamonds. Great Scott I ' shouted Jaokson, wbo had been looking in , the opposite; . direotiun, ' what is that ?' and be 'pointed at the cliff, which had troubled: jerry so inucb. at our back lit . up the great Blab' of reek -to a: duaky red and displayed, jpu -its face v?h»t appeared to .lie 'a magnificently'': executed picture worthy .bf Dor^. It represented' a aea pr lB.ke pf. fire, ^ and ; of that were -stretobed ' dusky, brown arms, hundreds, pf;' them, -in every couceivable position, some that jBlmciBt'.jPppli'^ ,.^16(1^0801(08', inotted WS oqiivnjjsiyslj'i |Ogie pointing a weird skinny ' fipgepj upwards, others were clenohstl aa ' though in the agonies ol deaUil It lopked like the. last . .glimpse of a ghost engulfed . in a seething lake of ,, fire. All' mn -life-size, fend '' the , wholo picture about70 ft.'acrpss. We 'went hosr^t1, expsoting' wrty mpm'ent; that it wonld ? vapjsb.' or perbapi another vision appear in its plaoe ; bat ' it J remained,' and lookod itill .mors; wbuderfUl 1 upon close ' exataination. Aitbongh arms and hands ware little more tlrtn ' outlines, yst ^o faithful ' wore these that ' every joint could be Been', and eaoh one looked ilib'oit ; alive. We bethought us of Jsrry,' and hunted for him 'to give us an explanation', but he had disappeared. Yorky 'a oyas 'and mouth wsro now deoidodly the meat prominent' features of his faoe, and be looked just as Beared as Jerry had done when we arrived. I oould not give bim muoh comfort, for I was completely at a loss to ilcoount for this thing, and if one of Dord's devils had suddenly ap ? eared on one of tho adjacent boulders think I shoulcl not bave been a bit mero surprised tban I was. Indeed, aB Jackspn kepi muttering mere and rauru uojpuutiouiiy, xoo uevii I I fonnd it harder aud harder to avoid asking ' When) ? ' We determined to loave furtliC'r investigation until morning, and retired, each keeping one eye open. The gorge was now for the most part black, but its sides were feBtooned with glowing crimson, and oiroletB nf flame were rushing np the sides ot the mountains at its head. Every valley and evory pinnacle were in their turn illuminated and crowned in fire. Morning oame, looking over the hills with a grim cynical smile tbat soemed te ask ub what we thought of our work now. Tbe gorge that: had looltod sp cool and green when we came was new bare and blaok and desolate, as if our presence had blasted all its beauty. We were thankful now that tbe tableland had been burned before our little bonfire oame on, for as suredly we would have been outlawed had we been such fools as to set it alight, but of course wo aro far too oareful to commit such an enormity as tbat. Oh yes, very oareful, we are. ' You must bave forgotten to blow out the candle, Yorky.' 'Elil woritt' candle? Dad, a doan uo, a war that sloepy las' neet, a fargat whether a bleu it aut ar nat.' ?? Or was it you, Jaokson ?' ' Well, I thought you fellows wers awake when I turned in. Who was tbat reading; by the way, jnst before I fell aeleep 1 I hoard Bomeone winking paper, let us look for the book— Ah I here it is, Scribnet's— Calliper's 1 Scrib ner'sS' ' Oh, well, really ybu know, it does not matter much after all who did it, there is not mnoh barm done. This bend in the oreek prevented it going downwards, and there were no oattle higher up, and very little pas ture. 'But what about this great pic ture wo saw ? ' ' Oh, ay I wat wor tbat ? ' said Yorky. I really think be had been afraid to mention it before, thinking it was only a dream. Bnt.it was not a droam ; we found it just aa we had Been it during the night. The proportions of the hands and arms in dioato that they are tboBe of blacks, and ou some of'tbe handB tbe fingers are bent baokwards, as only little girla and aboriginals can bend them. Near the bottom of the picture we found some fe'et represented, mostly meu's and women's size, some picaninuios'. There were also boomerangs, nulla nnllaB, ooolimans, stone tomahawks, and many other implements. Tbe groundwork is painted in. pigments of red, blue,- white, and yellow, witb the general effect of a mass of sulphurous fire. ' Tbe figures are tbe natural colour of the rock. Over the top of tbe picture is a projecting ledge, varying in width from 4 ft. to 6 ft. Thia is painted too. The moat remarkable thing about i,', is its evident antiquity. Tbe highest point of the picture is at present 21 ft. above any standing place, and on the face of a smooth vertioal 'slab of rock, so that (unless we assume— what is very unlikely, namely— that a scaffold ing was erected) a solid ledge of rook had been washi d away sinoe the exe oution of tbe j,-iotpre. Port, of the ledge remains, and at snme places one may go quite clost- to the pioture,' but at other places it is quite out of reach. Such a ohange aB thie in the hard rock could not be expeoted tp take placo in less than some hundreds of years. The pictures on tbe upper pro jecting ledge or roof indioate not only that tlie lower ledge was about 18 ft. high, but that it was likewise not Icbb than 0 ft. wide. On a close examina tion; judging from tbe peouliar. granu lated appearance of the groundwork, and; the absence of hard outline, the pioture seems to have been made in the way splashwork is dpne, the object to be represented' being held flat against tlie'',rook, arid 'the pigment blown over it in a spray,' If;so, it is oerUinly the 'fihest bit of splashwork ! I 'have Seen,'and does 'npt' /exhibit' * single'mistaOT'or blbt ft it^wlible 'sur- face jpf about 600 square feet. And in whatever way it was done the pig ments used must be' bf extraordinary .' endurance, -for although a gre&t; ^lart of it' is completely «xpoBed ?tbtbe wefcther - not a lino bas fadbdl :i r' On ths same rock exist some other ourious marks —emu's feet, boome rangs, - snakes, - and' other 'things carved' in -the Stone with singlilar precision of detail,- 'On atibther fifirt ' ate three litage figures, 'ronghly drawn ;' in 'redi ? One' app'ears' to repreWt' V '? 'man, but hfe iB^ furniBbed witbmiargft broad tail.1 ' Another is a iibiideBoript ; mbu'ster with round bodyi'J^ifnJ^iadK; ' and ifonr-appendages' Iike''finB.' JThe ',' third isva -very well1 bxye'ttlei frbg^ '''of: . enormous eiz'e abbnt eight feei loug ? '* and represented ^uet in tlife aot of jumping! They ''-are oti)tlined'a,nd' then' filled inVitb'Bhaflelineb'brbsSing ? owe another 'afid 'dividing !the *figtireB , into small rhomboids. ' Wei 'bi,ade ' ' oareful inquiries of tfeviral ! tribes 't»f / blaclie in the neighboutbood. but nbnb . could give ns atiy ihfbrmatioc/ They were all afraid1 to -^o'faeW tbe placed ' and Some ?old white-headed -buoks told : us 'they knew nbthing iaVout it; nor did their fathers, whb were likewiae in dread of the locality;' The' Question remaine, ' Wbb Sid it ?' '? This j'ock IB : 5pn the Natdbo Bun,' ^Thb'sf&tiofr; iS abBut 'Bixty itiilea from'SpfingiArb';''' and tbb'rbek toiiy b'e'fonnd'iy - ing. tp'lbtf oreek, a day'e ride fcoffl^Mdooifcrtibn. 