THE INDIAN REVOLT-SITTING BULL HARANGUING SIOUX BUCKS. (See letterpress on page 28.) THE INDIAN REVOLT-GENERAL MILES AND HIS STAFF AND ESCORT. (Se© letterpress on page 28.) The Indian Revolt. j ITS CAUSE AND PBOGEESS. "SITTING BULL." ' * "A BAD SIOUX BEA VE." THE MESSIAH CEAZE. THE "GHOST DANCE." (See illustrations on T>aare 26.) The serious proportions assumed by the Indian revolt in America haB drawn a large share of public attention to the event. Most of. us only know the Red Indian as he is depicted in the pages of Fennimere Cooper's novels. As a matter of fact the Maories were always a long way ahead of the North American Indians in all that goes to make up the noble savage ; and the heroes of the Delawares, the Choctaws, the Mohicans, and all the other Indian tribes, which have so often delighted youthful readers, were, most of them, mere creations) of the novelist's brain. The United States Government has had trouble enough with the races. A large territory was set apart for them in 1834, and since that time there have been numerous revolts resulting in much bloodshed. The Dakota or Sioux nation is at present the most powerful tribe in North America, and it is estimated to number about 30,000 souls. The total number of Indians in North American territory is supposed to number about 303,248 and in British possessions 103,969, making.; â grand total in North America of 407,217. The Sioux have a reserve in the unsettled portions of Dakota, Eastern Montana and North-eastern Wyo ming of nearly 100,000 square miles. Their history has from the first been one of war. and their name a terror to the whites. Their terri tory originally extended as'far east as the state of Wisconsin and west to the Rocky Mountains, but on the east the Chippewas, another warlike race, encountered them and they were driven back to Minnesota. In 1862 the bands inhabiting the state fell upon the white settlers, and a terrible massacre ensued. They were almost continually at war with the whites down to 1877, and troops were always required in the vicinity. In 1875 and 1876 Sitting Bull, the same chief who is now creating so much mischief, maintained for a long time a successful resistance against troops, and finally escaped into British possessions, where he has remained pretty quiet up to the present time. Something is always happening to upset these people, and on this occasion the principal cau'se of the disturbance seems to be a religious agitator calling himself the new Messiah. The natives are served with rations, and other rights are granted them, very much in the same way as we treat our own blacks ; and they allege that the Agency at Pine Ridge, a township in the Sioux territory, has unfairly treated them in the matter of these Government grants, and that the Government is reducing their reserve. The Indian millennium has been foretold by the new Messiah, who has appeared at several different points in the territory, and his doings have formed the subject of several reports from General A. Miles, commander of the military division of the Missouri. Our illustrations include a pic ture of the general with his staff and escort. The Indians have a firm belief that the Messiah will bring back the buffalo and drive the white people from the land. A few persons aver that they have seen this alleged Messiah, but General Miles considers that there is more than one person enacting the role, and he believes that the instigator of the trouble is a full blooded white. None have been more ardent in the new belief than Sitting Bull, and he has given a great deal of trouble in the vicinity of tho Standing Rock Agency by his attempts to stir up these people. Afflicted as he is with a hallucina tion of his importance among and influence with his people, ho constantly preys upon the supersti tious prejudices of the more ignorant Indians. The man himself is as subtle and cunning as a fox, a fluent talker and an expert wire-puller. He is not brave, but, strangely enough, he is never at a loss to secure a catspaw Avith which to snatch the burning coals from the fire. It is doubtful if his belief in the advent of an Indian Messiah is sup ported by his faith, and it is not unlikely that he merely improves the circumstance of the foolish belief as an excuse to cut up more deviltry, for which he is noted. Our illustration shows Sitting Bull haranguing Sioux braves. On December 5, Father Jute, a R.C. priest at the territory, went to the Sioux camp to endeavor to induce them to come to terms. The replies he received were substantially as follow : " We object to the recent census returns made by Lee. His enumeration would not give food sufficient for us to live on. Lee puts us down many less for each tepee than the tepee contains. We shall starve. We will have one big eat before starving time comes. After that, we shall fight our last fight, and the white man shall see more blood and more dead than ever before. Then we will go to the last hunting-ground happy. If the white man did not mean to cheat us out of food, the Great Father never would have sent soldiers. There is no need of soldiers if the Great Father intended to be fair with us. The Great Father has done another wrong. He put a new boundary line between the Rosebud and Pine Ridge Agencies that makes many of us leave our homes and give them to others. The Great Father broke an old treaty when he did this. We can no longer believe the Great Father. He says to us : ' Children, you shall never be moved again unless you want to be moved/ and then he goes right away and moves us.. We are done with promises, .and now we make a promise that we will fight, and the Great Father will find that we must not break our promise. We will now be very plain with you, Christian Father, and tell you another thing, something of which you may have already thought. It is this: We are not coming in now, and will not lay down our rifles, because weare afraid of the consequences. We have done wrong, and we know it. If we stop now, we will be punished. The Great Father will send many of us to his big iron house, to Btay many moons. We ! would die." Father Jute urged them to be peace able, and explained that the soldiers were net pre sent to barm the Indians, but to protect the agency ; that the rations had been increased, and if they came in, General Brooke would telegraph to Washington and get permission for them to stay on this agency, as they desired. So far as the depredations were concerned, the father told them they had better stop committing them, and they would be more easily forgiven. Finally, he urged the chiefs to come back with him. To this some of the older ones made favorable answer, but the young ones, who were heavily in the majority, said "No." But the bid men finally agreed that they would come into Father Jute's heuse, four miles north-west of the agency, the following morning - and there meet General Brooke,' and tell him in person just what they had told Father Jute. This brought on. a renewal ot bitter opposition from the majority. ? Finally, the young chiefs cooled off, and one of them, addressing Father Jute, said: " Hold your hands up to the Great Spirit and tell us, as though you were about to statt on the journey to the last hunting-grounds of the red man, whether what you say to us from General Brooke be true, and that we will not be harmed if we come in simply to talk to General Brooke." ;The interview, however, did.very little good, and the chiefs returned to their camp to continue B hostilities. From the report1 of General Miles, it H appears that the Indians have just cause to com- B plain, as many of them were nearly starving for H want of food, and had been short of rations for H over two'years. This is not to be considered so B much the fault of the United States Government; B but the blame chiefly rests with the tribes them- B Belves, who are most improvident in their habits. B It was hoped that when the day in November of B last : year upon which the Messiah, was pro- Bj phesied'to appear, passed without his at rival, Bj matters would quiet down ; but, unfortunately, Bf the Sioux became worse instead of better, and at Bf last broke out in the open hostilities which have Bj been reported , day by day in tho cables. Largo Bj bodies of troops were sent to the front, for it was Bf recognised that, with every brave aimed with a Bf Winchester rifle, and fired with religious fanati- Bf cism, the whites had a powerful foe to overcome. Bl The ''.ghost dance," which has been referred H to in connection with the outbreak, is a religious Bf dance of the Indians, and is thus described by Rf Mrs. JV A-. Finley,' wife of the postmaster at Pine Bf Ridge Agency : " One ghost dance that I saw was Bf participated in by 480 Indians," she said. " In H preparing( for the «dance they cut the tallest tree Bj that they can find, and having dragged it to a H level piece of prairie, set it up in the ground. Bf Under this tree four bf the head nien stand. Tho B others form in a circle, and begin tb go* around Bj and around the tree. They * begin the dance on H Friday afternoon.v 'It is kept,up Saturday and B Sunday until 'sundown. During all this time they H do not eat nor drink. They keep going round in H one direction until they become sb dizzy that they B can hardly stand, then turn and go in the other Bj direction, and keep it up till they swoon from ex- K haustion. This is what ; they strive to do, for H while they aire in the swoon they think they see Hf and talk with the new Christ. When they regain Bi consciousness they tell their experiences to the Bf four wise men under the tree. All their tales end Rf with the same story, about the two mountains Rf that are to belch forth . mud and bury : the H white man, and the return of good Indian Bj times. . They lose all of their senses in Bf the dance. They think they are animals. B Some get down on . all-fours, and bob about Bf ¡like buffalo. When they cannot lose their B i sense from exhaustion . they butt their Bj heads together, ' beat them upon the ground, B and do anything to become'insensible, so tb at B they may be ushered into the presence of the Bf new Christ. One poor Indian when he recovered Bf his senses said that Christ had told him he must B return to earth because he had not brought with Bf him his wife and child. His child had died two Bf years before, and thé way the poor fellow cried Bf was the most heartrending thing I ever saw." B The Indians continue to dance, ; but they do so Bj now with their rifles strapped across their Bf shoulders". Bf The latest intelligence, to the time this Bj article was written, states that a military B cordon under General Brooke on the south, B Colonel Sumner on the north, General . Carr on Bj the west, and Colonel Merriam on the east, has B been slowly tightened round the revolting tribes B and 7000 Indians came in and surrendered to B General Miles. A general disarming has been Bf peaceably effected, and it is the intention of some B of the chiefs to interview President Harrison on B the subject of their grievances. B 