HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27, 1842, the good ship Mary Compton, of Bristol, Eng land, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blow furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on. the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. u ore of his position, he sailed on confi lently. Five minutes later the ship struck wits a fear ful ehock and went to pieces. Four men, including the captain was saved. On reaching the shore they found a srange thing had happened. An enemy of the. lighthouse keeper had bound him hand; and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, so well as ehips, steer by the lights: Iojie is the most i " portant light house in the world. What shall be sold of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-toesed spirit? "eYo . are beeond hunian aid." These words wtire said by a physician to a woman who had come to Sonsult hime. Admitting that he thought so; hbd he the right to say so? No; for he might be wrong-and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and sbe was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled "and," she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says, "I Has so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, 'I have mixed' you some medicine; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, 'You are past human aid.' "My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. . I went home and cried till I was sick; I had no appetite, and had lost flesh till I seas thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once Ibegan tovemit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning,and scarcely got rest from it until Mlonday morning. " At this time I remembered that Mrs Wilson, with whom I formerly wer'ed in Crawford's Mill, in East-street, Leeds, where I live, had been cured by Mother. Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr Jesson'e, the chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degreeo from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had gjt over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting msy strength back.. I am now (April, 1890) in better health than ever before in my life. "I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club; but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, had off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed) Mrs Ann Mills, 40, Bread-streetYork road, heeds. This was a case of indigestion and dys. pepsia. with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs Wilson. 