EVENING WITH DR. BILL AT THE BIJOU. BT IXION. [Scene. - Interior of the theatre on a warm night. House filling. Fans made of play bills going in the upper-circle, ostrich feather fans moving languidly in the tier below palm-leaf and Japanese - working vigorously in the stalls.] Cantankerous Old Gentleman, in overcoat and comforter (to lady sitting next him). - "I wish you'd stop that fanning, ma'am; it creates quite a draught, and I'm a martyr to neuralgia." Friend of the Lady (at the back). - "I suppose, sir, you've come to see 'Dr. Bill' to try and pick up a little advice gratis." Cantankerous O.G. - "My nephew tells me "MY NEPHEW TELLS ME IT HAS A HIGH MORAL AIM, AND SO I HAVE COME TO SEE IT." it is a tragedy with a high moral aim, and as I believe the stage to be a great public educator, I support it, just as I go to races in order to improve the breed of horses." Young Girl (to her sweetheart). - "Have you seen 'Dr. Bill' before, dear?" Sweetheart (equivocally). - "Yes, dear; dropped in last evening for an hour or so" (has seen it nearly every night). Young Girl. - "Is it quite true that Mr. Brough takes a real shower-bath on the stage?" Sweetheart. - "Rubbish! Even if he had to he couldn't on a night like this, with only a dribble of Yan Yean anywhere." Married Man. - "Anna", did we turn the gas off at the meter before we left home?" Wife. - "I forget. Did you lock the bath room window?" M. M. - "I'm almost sure I didn't. I hope no one will get into the house." Wife. - "How careless you are! You've quite upset me, I shall never be able to laugh at all to-night." Would-be Fast Young Man to Chum. - "I licked Alf five games out of six this after noon, and then tossed him for brandies and sodas and won." Chum. - "G'long! How many did he give you?" Young Man. - "Not a blessed one. You CACKLERS. can ask Harry. Played him level; never was in such form in my life." (Theatre-party in the dress circle looking for their seats.) Edwin. - "The booking fellah said west, but I don't know which is west; if I'd thought of it I'd have brought a compass." Angelina. - "We only came down from the station last night; been away two months. Papa likes it, and thinks we ought to too. It's awfully dull. I love the bustle of town life." Edwin (trying to be funny). - "But I thought it had gone out." Angelina. - "What?" Edwin. - "The improver." Angelina. - "How stupid, to be sure!" Apollo. - "We had some awfully jolly fun at the Winkworth's the othaw evening." Venus. - " Did you - really?" Apollo. - "Yas, really - tried to bite our own elbows. Did you evaw try? Such a lark; make you laugh like anything." (Smiles at the recollection.) Mildred. - "Melbourne is atrociously slow after London. So few people one cares to know; really nothing to see; awful bore." Young Colonial. - "Nothing to see! Why, there's the alligator, and the Wild West, and the Athletic Club, and lots of football directly." [Curtain rises. Voice from above - "Stop cackling."] There is abundance of good honest fun in Dr. Bill. Fun that will make you laugh, and you will find yourself next day chuckling over the recollection when you ought to be about A NEW ORDER OF THINGS. THE GALLERY KEEPS THE DRESS CIRCLE IN ORDER. the serious business of life. That is just what Melbourne play-goers like. They want to be entertained, to be amused, and they are not very particular about the methods. They don't want tragedy, they get enough of that in every- day life. They want comedy, elongated farce, Christy Minstrels, anything you please for a good hearty laugh, but it must be done well. We all love and reverence our Shakespeare, but we have come to the conclusion that he is for study at home when THE KANGAROO DANCE. the house is quiet, and you can read him without interruption. No doubt, there are possibilities in his plays, even with a fin du siécle audience, by the judicious introduction of "business." Such as a real railway train, for instance, in "Hamlet," with a colli sion, or Hamlet to kill the King by holding him on a circular saw to slow music, or the ghost and Hamlet to do a double song and dance on the lines of the "Bogie man," or a breach of promise of marriage. Ophelia v. Hamlet interpolated might make it acceptable to the playgoer of to-day. The court scene could in skilful hands be made very amusing. The reading of Hamlet's love letters (good enough as they stand) would pan out a real good thing. For instance, the leading counsel for the lady would say to the judge - "I will now read some of the defendant's letters to my client, and, gentlemen of the jury, I think you will find them even more damaging than the celebrated 'chops and tomatoes' epistle sent by the late Mr. Pickwick to that much wronged and injured woman, Mrs. Bardell. In his first letter he writes:- 'To the celestial and my soul's idol, the most beautified Ophelia, (Laughter.) In her excellent white bosom these.' (Loud laughter.) What the defendant meant by 'these' I shall not stop to inquire. It is just possible he may have forgotten to finish the sentence at all events, we will give him the benefit of the doubt. Then he con tinues with some poetry, which he has, I should fancy, copied from a cheap valen tine:- "Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be liar, But never doubt I love." [Sensation in court, the defendant attempt ing to draw his sword and get at the learned counsel (who had read the lines in a mocking tone), but was stopped by the police.] "Then he concludes this most extra ordinary letter thus:- '0, dear Ophelia, I am ill at these numbers' - (Number One the defen dant seems to have looked after most) - 'I have not art to reckon my groans,' - pro bably His Highness meant 'heart,' but he seems to have been a bad speller; 'but that I love thee best - O most best - believe 't. Adieu. 'Thine evermore, most dear lady, while this machine is to him. - Hamlet.' Probably he rode a bicycle." [Loud and continuous laughter followed the reading of this document, in which the Court joined.] In London much of the success of "Dr. Bill" was due to the actor who played the title rôle making up as Dr. Lennox Brown. Mr. Brough is content with being just as he CECIL WARD "DUDE." is, as we know him off the stage. In the Magistrate, he took as his model a well known city P. M., since retired, weepers and all. He came very close to the great original \- quite close enough to make it amusing and interesting without in the slightest wound ing the vanity ever so little of his model. In fact, the model enjoyed the joke thoroughly, like a man of common sense. There are many well-known medical men in the city who would not have minded a bit if the actor had added a touch or two of nature to his part. For instance, had he worn a fez, with the addition of a tiny moustache pointing well upwards, and a beaming smile, the allusion would have been recognised. In the "Bal loon," Mr. Anson "took off" our great mili tary doctor, Mr. Brough had all Collins street east to choose from. And has not all Collins-street east, as well as Carlton and Fitzroy, and St. Kilda, been to see him in parties of three or four every night since the play began? After seeing the play once or twice, some capital amusement can be got out of watch ing the audience. I noticed one stolid old gentleman - he might have held the highest responsible position in the city or in the church - who evidently came with the inten tion to see the thing and enjoy it, but not to indulge in any unseemly mirth. At the end CHORUS OF DOCTORS. -"SO DEUCEDLY UNTRUE, WE OUGHT TO PROSECUTE BROUGH AND BOUCICAULT FOR LIBEL." of the second act he was perfectly blue and a complete wreck. Mr. Anson seemed to tickle him most, and when the actor went into fits and worked his hands the old gentleman did the same. The tears rolled down his cheeks, and several times he had to apologise to the people at his side for injuring them with his ellbows. Some people exploded every now and again, going off suddenly with a bang, and then turned scarlet when they found their neighbours looking at them. Cecil Ward is naturally a great favourite with the fair sex. He gives a picture of the "dude," as distinct from the "masher." He has it will be noticed, neither lisp nor drawl, but a wonderful little rippling chuckle, which he uses with great effect each time before speak ing. Added to this is that beaming smile and rakish perking of the head so suggestive of a goose looking into a bottle. It is said he does not like the part, but he certainly plays it after the manner Isaak Walton put the worm on the hook. His mincing walk seems to fetch the house wonderfully, but the greatest compliment of all is what everybody says, "You really wouldn't know it was Cecil Ward unless you saw his name on the bill." Of course, as was to be expected, all the doctors - especially the married ones - are up in arms against what they are pleased to call the gross libels contained in the play. They say that there would be no diffi culty in obtaining heavy damages from Messrs. Brough and Boucicault from a jury of their countrymen if they thought it worth while to take proceedings. To a man they are quite ready to swear that they have never danced a "Kangaroo Dance" nor any thing approaching it, even when single and engaged in gathering their wildest oats. The wives of some of the doctors profess to be very thankful at being afforded such a com prehensive peep behind the scenes, and in some households a coolness has sprung up which it will be difficult to fan into connubial warmth again even in this hot weather. It has been interesting to watch the effect of the piece on some of the doctors, who have gone to see the "wretched thing" with their better halves. They have, as each successive bomb-shell has burst in their camp, almost disappeared in their seats and hidden them selves behind their opera-glasses, while their wives' brows have become more and more clouded and their features more rigid. At times, when something more damaging than usual has come out, the look they have given poor suffering humanity at their sides has been sufficient to petrify any minds but those conscious of their own rectitude. But while quite believing the denials of the medical men, I must confess that they do not carry the thing off well. Some of them have a habit of looking as if they had done something wrong. I met a doctor and his wife coming out of the Bijou the other night, and he looked for all the world as guilty as a small boy just detected breaking a window. She was walking in front, majestic and stately, and I followed on with him. He tried to laugh, but it was hollow. I joked a little with him, but it was of no use, and they drove away, he looking like a conspirator who has been doomed to the deepest dungeon beneath the castle moat. Miss Myra Kemble is very picturesque in all her pretty dresses, and her trip home has done her a wonderful deal of good. She has seen the best acting at home, and being a woman of intelligence, has profited by it. "Doctor Bill" is her own, and she was quick enough to see that a roaring farce with a kangaroo dance in it would be exactly the thing the "doctor would order" for an Aus tralian audience. In Sydney it went like a house on fire, Miss Pattie Browne playing the doctor's wife. Those who saw the perfor mance say she made it very piquant, which we can well believe, as there are many possi bilities in the part. Who does not know the old gentleman Mr. Anson portrays? Amongst our acquaintances cannot we number them by twos and threes - those well-meaning, good-intentioned, dear old fossils who believe their mission in life is to put the world right, and would do so if it were not for the obstinacy of the people in it. There is said to be a young doctor in Mel bourne who suffers from having just such a father-in-law or father. Mr. Anson makes of Mr. Biffin a modern gentleman in small clothes, who lived next door to Mrs. Nickeleby, and made love and sent vegetable presents (in the air) to that estimable woman. He may not be quite as big a crank, but he is very near it. The women in the audience get very angry with his goings on, and call him an "old fool." "So like what your father would do, dear, if I didn't stop him," was a comment overheard the other evening, and it must be confessed that men do odd things at times. A friend of mine always on the look-out for bargains went up to the sale of lost property at Spencer-street not long ago and bought 30 umbrellas for £2. There was not one worth even a modest shilling, and his wife piled them up in the back yard like soldiers do their guns, and burnt them. To mention the subject of wet weather to him now is simply courting disaster, and I only know him when there is a clear blue sky. The gallery has taken on itself the duties of censor Morum to the dress circle. This has worked a reform in itself that outside in fluences (A91) could never have effected, The gallery has recognised the sound prin ciple that whoever drive fat oxen should be fat themselves, and in order more effectually to curb the cackling and chattering in the dress circle it has become most proper it self, hardly ever speaking above its breath and making no invidious remarks to the actors. In the beginning of the new order of things the occupants of the dress circle did not take kindly to its censor. The subdued hiss was not heeded, and it had to be ad ministered with vigour before any notice was taken. The ordeal was a painful one, but it has done good all round, and now the dress circle is as proper and as well behaved as the gallery and stalls. "The gods are just and of our pleasent vices," &c.; 