Crtrmba Zoo. Fine. Bright. Spring. Sunshine. Cyclorama. Cold morning. Bishop of Ballarat. "The Miner's Right." Summary on Tuesday. Musical Ghost Illusion. Fasting man still alive. What is a wage earner? Bishops' Home Mission. English cables on page 8. Popular concert to-night; Public holiday on Tuesday. Tanner's thirty-second day. A police funeral to-morrow. British, week's ran, 3,145 oz. South, week's run, 10,141 oz. Which side has won in Chili ?' A disease amongst the bunnies. Block 14, week's run, 23,343 oz. The Widow O'Brien in trouble. Block 10, week's run, 48,124 02. Bishop's Home Mission Sunday. Barometer at coon to-day, 30*34. Another mining swindle exposed. A strike at Moonta is improbable, Norwood v. Medindie (Adelaide). Suspected matricide in Melbourne. A rotten state of affairs in Canada. " The Miner's Right" at the Royal. Proprietary, week's ran, 180,433 oz. An impressive gathering of Masons. B.H. Junction, week's run, 4,4/8 oz. Labour party all at sixes and sevens. Has the season changed into spring ! Hunt Club at Hilltop this afternoon. Terrible piratical atrocities in China. Poor Sick Fund is doing useful work. Port Adelaide v. Adelaide (Alberton). Garden hints for September on page 8. Yilgarn cruehmgs continue satisfactory. " Chums" has " hit" the London critios. Fine or wet on Tuesday T Doubtful yet. Honest Tom doing the bloak in Melbourne. Tommy Hudson at Garner's for three nights.. Piracy on the increase in the Mediterranean.. The Martinique hurricane destroyed whole towns. Kilkenny moulders' dispute is not yet settled. Trade with our Western neighbours is increasing. A grand exhibition of billiards on September 7 and 1L The Italian monarch is going to visit- England. Militia Reserve Company still increasing in. numbers. Commodore Vanderbilt bubble completely collapsed. The Chilian insurgents are said to have surrendered. That charge against the Salvation Army was dismissed. How nice the Masons looked in their scarfs and aprons. The good old rule " a life for a life" is likely to hang yet. Shearers' trouble not yet settled in New South Wales. Another Government official has had to fly from Canada. Another railway disaster in America—forty killed this time. NothinR annoys a woman so much as to be uncontradicted. David Christie Murray has achieved success with " Chums." Surely something wrong in the lifeboat service of Victoria. Russian soldiers revolting tm aoeonnt o'f scarcity of food, Mr. W. Pybns, the City Organist, conducts the " pop." to-night. Increase in competitors for Literary Societies' Union prizes. "Lady Mnnro" will not be able to get a " nip" for two months. Why don't the "natives" muster better for the federation discussion. We don't want supernatural judgment uponunnatural life-taking deeds. Why were not the Masonio goat and branding-iron produced last night. First preliminary literary competition on Tuesday night at Hindmarsh. Mr. Glynn to talk to the Natives on the landgrant system on Monday night. Shareholders want the speed of the A. & S. tramcars increased. Hear, hear. Sun rose at 6.25 a.m.; lets at 5.38 p.ro. Moon rose at 3'4 a.m.; set at noon. In the sweet by and by men wdl be able to ride inside and women outside trams. Captain Bell, of the Gambier, makes a serious charge agakist the Eaaby'aofficers. If eome of those Freemasons had to erect a stone buiUing, how would they shape at it ? The "natives" want the Senate to have coequal powers with the House of Representatives. A musician suicided tn Sydney and left» letter reproaching his Delilah—the same old story. A gentleman is going to preach on Snnday upon "Indecision." Will Mr. Hancock, M.P.,. attend? If women will persist is< performing men'sduties, they'll have to do their own too, for men can't. The captain of the Gambier charges the officers and sailors of the Easby with inhumanity. Another attractive programme for - th* Saturday night popular concert arranged by- Mr. P. A. Howells. Misleading telegrams were published in connection with the Commodore Vanderbilt. Mine now considered worthless. One can hardly help dropping into a lump of mud anywhere out of the range of those extra two-candle pressure lamps. Aqueous Surveyor has been filling'up hollowflagstones and billabongs in- our streets and squares. He likes to see things leveL Adelina Patti's grand aria " Ab fors e loi" to be rendered by the accomplished Miss Bertha Rossow this evening at the Tom HaJL Encouraging Tesult of the A.N.A1 experiment to interest the publio in tbe federationscheme—"Ten gentlemen were present - last: night." In adjusting the Ring William-strePt "limelight" apparatus the operator came into view, causing the crowd to exclaim,. " What a beauty!" "The Retail Assistante' Union did not likethe decision with reference to Mr. Coombs, to < whose labours they owe so much in the realization of early closing." Will there be. any crowing in Churches to-morrow over the Bible-reading clanse in the - Legislative Council. And wouldn't it be wellto wait till the Assembly has a say upon th* clause 1 " Some of the members of that Association strongly resented the exclusion of Mr. Stocky M.P., who in their opinion has done more forthem than any member of the Trades and Labour Council." "To every man his work" is .the text for a- sermon to-morrow. If everybody would only remember it, what a lot of profanity bnsybodies would save by not poking their noses into other people's affairs ! " The rejection of Mr. T. H. Brooker, M.P., at the very time when that hon. member had a motion on the Assembly paper in favour of th© Trades Hall concession, was also a cause of umbrage if not of misunderstanding." "A number of wharf labourers still swear by Mr. Hopkins, and it is considered by otherathat the exclusion of men like Mr. W. A. Robinson, with such a remarkably collectivenomination, and in spite of his prolonged and strenuous exertion on behalf of the Trades and Labour Council from its initiation onward, was anifestly ridiculous." " From the list which had been sent in mors than a dozen names were struck off for alleged on-compliance with the defined qualifioatioD^ mongBt those were the names of Mr. Adams, r. Lewis Hains, Mr. E. O. Mattinson, ex .P., Mr. J. H. Sinclair, Mr. T. Grose, and Mr. W. Berry (Secretary of the Marine Enineers), all of Port Adelaide; Mr. W. G. Coombc, Secretary of the Retail Assistants* Union of Adelaide; Mr. W. A. Robinson, who was rejected, notwithstanding that he bad been nominated by twenty-seven Societies ^ Mr. P. Sansom, Mr. J. Vardon, J. P., of: Hindmanh, and Meats. T. H, Brooker, B» Gould, G. F. Hopkins, *nd W. I*. Skook, members of the present House of 