:.oi't:Lisi. My Laày'îs Revenge ? ? " IÎS68, little : ->Vf, Vii- - l!)!,"' cric-' ;-'•-. Aubyn. a irec.:cr ic )<;.« v.- .f e. she clirs and half > li.t-iher inv.d evo". and r;i..-i.-u:r= fit-hin : . " ' • i 'LIKTR-L. I r.i:; F:7 . .ad you 1.:.'.<•. CMP. yuU ro. Yovi -.v.ir,': ]I-,.ve n",.-. ail t,y .•.\ .! ITI the iK.-k »r,d c.:!.', wiH v>u :" " --c, no. ùi'HT.'.-t !ovr.' ri!! r.roj her 1UJS : l-.vv:. «-itthii .; hor -v rù u: r.ui ti>.c «aine c,t .'^ih'j'.nd-'••»;„, 1 -,v ! : ; r.-vt-r îr?v. \un «!'>'•'•'. " C:>mf : v.c r- -ù îtoini-r r.iroiii '•b,, L3Î Lv-..-, U u k l0 \J e-jr.^ iiiy iliriii-;'. i. 1 -- k>.-!-t«î hfr t-yeé tiî! ll.ey open wiiin ni'.J '. ok a: hini wiOt a he -,1: Icrcii, feverish Ftr-rc. At lattt E'us ki,-. .vs iuni. and «Ue siruK'.'ks un :rom bis &nr;,.-. w'uh <:rr involuntary uf>'u end s. look of <id r.:gret. 1 " ' vra* •Iraar.iirif.', ! tl- ii-K" Bhe savs.in an "tn'oarrae-'cd way, - an.i : ukir.p at random. 1 tried to keop awal.c îoi b'jt 1 ;;ot i "So, Best?. up EIUI put \ our v. rapp on. We are poing to London u-nipht. I've htd news from there which ncceasir utea my îmmediate Teturn, and I .know you've hid OGiîURh of this old ghost-nést."' She npenebur ejea in 8 startled way, for t'.a little clock on the mantel pointa to :hcmidnight hour, and EhE hçare the wild v.inds ïioting amid lbo turrets, and the sea thundering on the eauds below ; but ehs rises and obeyE him without a word, In half cn hour they fire ready, the carriage drawn up before tbt Etonc etepy, the li^≥ all ready to follow. St. Aubyn hsuds his uife in, and ltaj;e into the carriage afLcr lift. •' Seymour," he calls nut. in a ringing voice that all the servants hear, " shut and 1'jck up the old place, and follow me, all of yon, with BB little delay as possible." The servants huddle together in the windy darkneBB, a few glad to [get away from ithe dismal old Lodge. Old Seymour shortly after this locks the heavy door, and comes down the etone steps with a look of terrer in his Liyes ; but he dare net disobey his maslter. He joins his fellow servants, and in BD hour the whole party lis gone, and Aberdudno Iiodge IB left to Eilencc, and gloom, and death. { Lord St. Aubyn is in [London, and in -his magnificent town house, on the following cjfiht. But he cannot;jremain in any one place-, he has been -ont and in at least a do?.?n times during the afternoon., j ! "U'h&t; is it, desr?"isakB Bean, from her oonoh before the grate. ; " What makes you eo restless ?" > ! He looks at her with h sharp, suspicious glance, but her tender eyes are only full ol anxious love. 1 " I'm not well, BeEB,"ihe replies, " and I'm troubled about some j business matters— things you cannot understand, little onej I cannot imagine why," he goes on, -with a great c-iîcrt, my solicitor and Mr. ïtothwell don't come ; thev were tio meet me to-night. 1 have sent to Vaut'a ofliae and to Mr. liothwell'e rooms, but they ere not to be found. However, I suppose it's all right." j He rises and begins to pace the room, turns to the window, and looks out into the black night. ' " Bees, my dear," he says, suddenly, " yon most go to I'll ring for Mason, ^vho will ait with ynu to- nipjit. l am going but, and I may not return till to-morrow." j " Yes, dear," says submissive Bess. " She rises, receives his parting kiss, and is rgady to Bcoompany Mason, who enters a moment after to conduct her to her room^ St.Anbyn takes his iiat, steals through; the hall, and out at the street door with stealthy steps, and vanishes in the gloom of the windy November night. ; In a short time he reappears again, but in a low, daik street in tha neighborhood of Blackfrisrs Bridge. Ttiere is a small shop in that locality where cast-off garments, false wigs, end other euoh difegnises are sold. This low den he enters, muffled to the chin by his coat-collar, and with bjB slonoh hat polled low over his eyee. ;| He etrikes a epeeiiy bargain with the anaient Israelite vhdt atands behind; the counter lor a rough suit of eaïlor'e garments, a hat to correspond, anda rod wig and beard. My lord pays the money down, ^goes into a room and changea hit clothes, having hie own placed in a che»p bag which he pur- «bMM. ji ! la tliiB disguise, with his rough red beaic. streaming in the wind, Si. Aubyn goes forth, haiia a cab, drives to the terminus, gets into a train, and travels northword. Another wild night. The thunder of the eurf in Cardigan Bay lie like the booming of a battle. Over Aberdudro, perched (upon the blacli, wind-lBshed cljS, the darkness and silence of the grave itself broods. A dwarier, ghostlier place than (this old Lodge could not well be imagined ; yet now, at this hour o! the night, the figure of a human creature crouohes along through the thick darkness of the mined moat in front of the lower entrance. He makes hiB way along, groping, 1 stumbling, till he reaches a sort of walled coort which leads into the main entrance. The door is nji;r, an l he goed in, and onvriini. til; lie enmes toja door ail barred and Rtudded viitli iron nails—ibe door that le&de; down tu the ruined dungeon vaults bi-low. lie tskes a key from his breast, and, after tome trou'file, turns'it in the lock with a if-ping noi = i\ The^loor EwingB open—he e*:t. ï? and tiotes it after him. Ha tipnds a iiio-'iiRnt in the L{ioom, hie teeth , chattering in hi- head ; then he strikes a "lighlt, and pro. duece û email l&nt.-rn; from s pocket in bis cspacious earrucnts. Tlie pule light e'neds a lurid glare on the ti ? a o fr. rc.'/ring walip, find on the man's diat,-!i".fLi f'3tH and detth-white face. For a mir.i_-.te he stands irresolute, a tremor in hie -Limbs, iihd then he starts on again, gasping an lie goce : ' I mii.?l k?iOw, cr I shall go mad." He grnpp.B down a long, dimp ^corridor, the v.f f n nni'3 clincing to his fet-t, noisome thir.;« hurtlieg acroHS ii'8 face, his breathing .-liort and hurned in the cluse, choking air. Bu; i n he nue?, the blue lire flickering in his r ye.-, hi- iln= i et hsrd and lirm beneath his rc.i ii red bc-Ltd. He reHcbes r> second door at ia-t, at the end of tlie cbrridor, and pauses tn open it. But before hia hand toreho? the lock it twines back on its rusty ï'.ii'-^es, a step rings dully on the mouldy Hags, and a iiumau face looks out upon him from ibedarknean beyond. He bounds buck, with a euppreBsedory of l. ,iror, and lets his lantern fall. The face "merges, and with it a human iigure and another lantern. St. Aubyn stands agliaBt, his red wig and beard displaueri, ctbring wildiy at this in- truder, whoever he may be. '•For mercy's sake, my dear young master, is it you !" The voice brings St. Aubvn to his senses, anti he r^cognitiea his servant, bid Seymour. V.'iih thû recognition, all his courage and det' rniin&tion; return, and he. grabbles the old !.inn by tilt throat with >•. tierce: oath. \\\'iic.t are you doing here he asks. "Oh, mp.pler havo mney !" he implores. "1 siw it all—all tbat was j done in the blank drawing-room — and I jime back to r.ae if 'bey were dbiid. But, master, thanks bi^ to Heaven, tliev r.re both alive." •' Alive ' ; St. Aubyn recoil.' d as if an adder had struck him. " Alive 1" continued the faithful old man, citehicg S;. Aubyn's lisndp, and holding tnem fust, while tears rained over his wrinkled cheeks. " Alive, both of them, and your soul ia saved from the awful crime of in urder.'' But St. Aubyn flings him ofi with another b ; Urr oath. " Master, I had to save you ; I couldn't help it. Forgive your poor old servant. Somethiugtold meîo come back, and 1 found them both alive—mangled an5 suffering, but alive—for Eomething had broke their fall. Master, I have brought food find water, and gave it to ihem through the bare of the grated dcor ; and they are alive, and in their eenses. Oh f my master, I have saved you from murder!" At lafct the man's faithful devotion seems to touch St. Aubyn ; the fire in his blue eyes softens. ;' " Well, I don't know but I'm glad myself," he says, in a Rasping, breathless way. Murder's an awful thing. It went against i.iy nature—but they forced me. It is more their fault than mine. And (now," he bursts out, Btruok by a sudden sense of his position —" what am I to iio now 1" Master," euggests the old man, meekly, '• there's hut one way to get out of all this trouble. Go with me to the old vault below there, and let UB get the poor men out."" " What 2" Etonna St. Aubyn. "Do you want to see me hang ? Do ) you think they are fools enough io WBlk oui at my bidding, and tfcen keep their mouths shut? They forced me to do what I've done, and there's no turning back now." " No, master ; St is never (too late to undo a wrong," suggests the old man. Seymour, -what is dohe cannot !be undone ; and I kriuw yon'lljkeep myseorat," He graçped the cid man's arm ko lead him away, bur Seymour went down on hif; t necs, resisting ^il 1.1- efforts. : 1 says S>. Aubyn. "Come] my faithful old friend ; we will look np these black vaults and return loLondon, and f' '• Master, Ii cannot. I have served ynn faithfully ail my life long, and I would bo willing to die now if it would free yon from all this ; but I cannot leave two fellow creatures to die a lingenng death in that black fault." I i "What will you do, then 7 Beirayme?" etormB St. Aabyn. I " No, master. I shall never betray you no matter what yon do." ) " Come away, then ; this foul air is choking me." ï i He grasped the old man's arm to lead him away, but Seymour went down on his knees, resisting all his eflorta. i «' No, mastèr, I can't go !" " Then I'll have your lite, too !" " You may take it, andi welcome, muter. - I would Eouoh rather be cut of it now." St. Aubjr, put bis hand to his breast, where he i^d a f'tsdiy v<espon cocceakd, but drew it trek again alrroet instantly. "I would as. torn strile my own mother," be muttered, " if 1 bad one. 1 cannot do it. But, Stymcur," he added, with passionate eaincRlnesp, '' it you ever loved rae, do not betray me now—in the very hour of my triumph too. The men in there —pointing with a shudder towards the vgulte beyond— " have me wholly in their ^.ver ; their freedom woutd insure nay shame and ruin. Seymour, you would not save tbem and sacrifice me, would ycu ?'' "No, master," slowly End ^ameetly, *• I couldn't do that." "Then there's nothing else you can do, Seymour, but to com? away with me." Suddenly the old man's face brightened, as he turned it towards the icae.ter he loved so well. " I'll tell you what I can do," he cried ; " I can stay here and keep watch on tbem. Let thera live, but keep tbem prieoDere. That will make you safe, master. Ycu know yon can trust me. 1 Let me do that, and it will save your soul from murder." The handsome peer Btood irresolute. Even in his peril he was conscious of a curious thrill of satisfaction on hearing that bis victims were yet alive. IIo did not care to have his happy, luxurious life haunted by a ghostly remembrance of murder if it could reasonably be avoided ; and in his weakness, and irresolution, and sense of guilt, he caught desperately at old Seymour's «suggestion. ' BTIH^-TT "filfl j"" ? Yri " wonlïbe disfloyfered," he said. " No, master ; no one ever comes to this place. Give me a little monBy, and leave me here to takfe charge of the old place, that's all." ! St. Aubyn drew oat his puree snd pat it in the old man'B hand. " Have it your own way, then," he said, drawing a deep breath of relief—" for a time, at least. When you tire of your taBk, allyou have to do is to shut up the old place and take your departure. I need not caution you to be careful;.I know I can trust you, Sey mour. Good-bye." They parted at the great studded iron door, and St. Aubyn, readjusting his disguise, made his way out into the blustering night with a senae of relief, as if the dread horror of hie crime had bei :n lifted from him ; and in the lurid gloom of the dark and dismal dor.jcn, poor j faithfr.1 old Seymour began his self-imposed vigii. CHAPTER XXII. LAIjY l-A^-ANMli. In a darkened chamber, on a low couch beneath the casement, Sr. Aubyn's wife lay, and in a lit'.l? crib, all canopied with silks and laces, and ijuite near at hand, slept her btbe—Lord St. Aubyn's four months-old heir. Since the hour cî her child's birth, poor little Bess haci never n.i'ird. She tried hard enough—oblijjir.g, -obedient soul that she was—to hearken to her husband's advice, and rouse herself. Whenever she heard his step on the 8taira she wonld struggle up from her pillows, and push back her flossy hair from her thin, white face, and totter across the room to her great easy-chair ; snd when he came in, and said, "That's right, little mother; I'm glad to E&e; you sitting up. You feel better and stronger to-day, don't you?" Bess would look up at him and smile, and answer, " Yes, love, I think I do." But the moment he was gone Bhe would crcep back to the couch, her heart in a flutter.hei lips like aEhes, and lie down, with a feeble sigh, and beg the nurse to move baby near, so ehs might touch his little pink hand, and look at his pretty sleeping face. She wal^ bo cluldihhiv f LI rid of the baby, poor BÉSB— BD tenderly obedient to her husband, now that he was her baby'H father. And tbus matters wen! on, until Dr. Latimer made free to epeak his mind. There had been cumfcerlesE medical men called in since haby'e birth, but Bese had derived no relief from their treat ment. The old doctor looked at her white face that morning, and took her slender wrist in his fingers. "How are you this morning, my ladyî" he asked. " Any c-irouger at all ?" " I'm afraid not, doctor," she answered, sadly : " and I would like to get strong and well again for baby's sake."' " So y.-n iBhall," said the old man, curtly ; and he turned on his heel and went out to St. Aubyn's private room. " Well, doctor, how about your patient? Better thia morning, isn't Bhe?" " No, my lord ; and that's not the worst of it. She'll never be any better unless you follow my adviae." " Why, doctor, for Heaven's sake," cried the young haeband, " tell me what I am to do ?" •'] told you, my lord, a month ago, but you would not heed me. I see no chance of life unless you give her a change of BÏr, b long sea voyage, a year or two amid the South Sea islands, or some change of that sort. She may die even then ; but keep her here and you will have her to bury before the winter eets in." St. Aubyn threw down hia book, and rose to his feel with a very grave Bnd anxious face. That little meek, frail wife, the mother of hia infant heir, was very dear to him ; the bare thought of losing her filled him with sadneEB. But what was he to do? How could he leave England at that time 7 He was only just beginning to feel sure of his position—sure that no idle mm or would start np against his fair name, no grasping, usurping hand wrest his honore from him. That old rumor of the dying nun and her confession was gone and forgotten, and so was Treherne Vant, the little, rusty lawyer who died somewhere abroad—at Paris, it •was generally believed. But the world ! was not 80 easily satisfied in regard to 'the mysterious disappearance of " ~r. ironmaster. Qalte a' «ur^iSRr'commotion had been raised on ^UB account, andiiia wife bad offered great ire wards for-any knowledge or ne we in regard to him. But cone came, and at last a dead bo.'* y drifted ashoje some where down the river ; Thames, which answered pretty fairly <to the description of the miseing gentleman, and at the coroner's inquest it was generally agreed that it was he, and that he had bean unfairly dealt by. Not BO with hia poor, broken-hearted wife. She rejected the 1 whole thing, and refused to identify the discolored body found amid the muddy flats. No'one heeded her, however, for she -was only a poor, feeble eoul, who bore the name of being weak-minded, and she left her London lodgings, and went home to Stafford shire, her husband's place of residence, amid the iron districts. She, too, and her great trouble were in time forgotten, and so waa her husband'» mysterious and nntimely end. The Lord of iNivernois Court and Marquis of St. Aubyn looked on meanwhile, well pleased, and comfortably reassured—a handsome, noblè. honorable peer, clear ol all suspicion, all; ihadow ol guilt. He encouraged himself with the assurance that the danger was over. He shopld never lose the name and heritage he prized so dearly. 'Xhey were hia own, and his infant aon'a for Iheir time. Yet in Ithe grave-like vaults o! the old Cardiganshire house that hideous skeleton etill Iived^And poor, devoted .old jfeymour, growing grey with age and "horror, l?epi watch at the grated door—atythfnl warder, kind audi tender of heart jto%4iig poor^prisoners, but true as «teello his jonng mu$er: Almost a year had gone by, und-^ct -no; change had come. Seymour had *xïot «Icoe made his jappeiranoeinîsjpdtm.^.g'hejpoor oldman shrank from.thfiJiujeâjDt.liuCjfellojiV men as if he ,arer< ^a .qwninij.'^ pril aionaîlyiîib .Jong ;5nlerva'Uï^ip3i L neoeMitT ioned nauefc£ttla> town; ttnS pQr&Mt;à Ibe tçoim né&e3.;àpwwt woman supplied him with frtsh milk, and the village baker with bread—guite a large quantity, too, they thought, for one old man ; but BS he paid money down, no comments were made. And thus old Ssymon* lived, Bitting in the 8cnshine,with his grey bead bowed upon his hands, and kneeling on the cold stones at night for hours, begging Heaven to pardon him for the wrong he dare not right. Only once, in the darkness of a summer night, St. Aubyn had vÏBited this ancient haunted place. The old warder saw him coming, or heard his horse's boors on the sandy road below, and was in waiting at the arched Btone entrance when he arrived. The two clasped hands under the bright summer stars. 1 Poor faithful old Seymour 1 Well, how ia it ?" St. Aubyn aaked. " The same, my master—both alive." Then a dead silence reigned. The old man stood with drooping head and shaking knees ; the young one gazed through the night at the great grey pile rising darkly on the summit of the sea washed cliff. " Master," faltered old Seymour at last " how long muBt this go on ?" '' You may end it this hour, Seymour," replied St. Aubyn, with a certain hardened ring in his voice, " if you choose. According to my idea, it has gono on too long already. Are the doors 'all fast ? You shall go to Lcndon with me, and Aberdudno Lodge may fall into rains." But the old man drew back. to end it that way,;; itmnst ^oon «tuL" ' ; - 3 St. Aubyn stood an instant, his brows knit, his handsome face looking up at the bright stars, in {deep thought. He would be so glad to know that the silence of death had ended all; but be is a coward at heart, and shivers at the very sight of the black doors that shut hia victims in. What can he do? Nothing, only Jet Seymour have his way for the present. He turns, and draws out a heavy purse. " Here's money "—pressing it into the old man's hand. " Have your way, if you must -, but, Seymour, lor mercy's sake don't fail me now !" " No, master." The faithful old servant goea mournfully back to his post while his young lord mounts the horse he has hired to bring him to the Lodge, where his journey by rail from London came to an end, and gallops away. Thus Bffairs stand. But how dare Lord St. Aubyn leave England and his secret? Who can tell what the result might bo 7 And yet the life of his wife, the one being in the universe that his selfish heart loves, is at stake. He ia in an agony of irresolution. ".Good gracious, doctor,"he bursts out one morning " what can I do 7" " I have told you, my lord—take your wife away," responds the old man, coolly. "But I can't leave England. There are circurrstances—business matters 1 meanthat fcroe me to remain at home." The doctor eyes him curiously, a trifle amazed at his agitsted face and manner. " Well," he snye, quietly. " you had bettrr Bend her, then, my lord, under other care. It is the only chance for her life, and that, after all, but a slight one." St. Aubyn drops his head forward, and groans in agony. " If I had some good friend going abroad 1" he murmurs. The doctor catches the word?, and starts to his feet. " I have it, my lord!" he cries. "Why couldn't I remember it before! Why, Sir John Kutledge ia going to Malta, and pro- bably to Algeria, and takes his wife and daughter with him for the winter. That "Poor faithful old Seymour! Well St. Aubyn asked. would be thfe very thing, my lord, your wife neede. I think I may promise that if you'll send lier out with Sir John and his family, you'll have her back in six months a hale and hearty woman. They go in tbe Dolphin, which sailB on the 10th, and this is the li"h. You've not an hour to lose, my lord. If you care to save» your wife's life, you had better see to it. Good-day." St. Aubyn sat for ten minutes in deep thought. Then he rose, and made his way into the morning-room. It wes the pleasantest apartment in the Manor, a luxuriously-appointed snuggery, and in a silken-cushioned chair near the open element sat Lady Cassandra Lauder. She roee as St. Aabyn entered, and Etood before him, fair, willowy, and stately as in days of yore. You shouldn't Bit near the open casement, cousin, this damp morning," said St. Aubyn, with kind interest. " Come, git here by the fire, please, I want your advice. " He wheeled another chair before the bright fire in the poli hed grate, and Lady Cassandra crossed the room and sat down. She was on a visit to St. Aubyn Manor, in honor of baby'-s birth. No two frienc s oould possibly be on better terms Jhan my Lady Cassandra and Lsdy St. Aabyn. All the oldirouble was forgiven -snd forgotten, 1 by ' simple- minded Bè&T; at least. 'She was jjost the eort of woman to forgive a great wrong thoroughly and freely; and when, a lew months after her marriage to St. Aubyn, Lady Cassandra had travelled all ,tbe way to St. Aubyn Manor, just to make her a visit When she was slightly ailing, Bess welcomed her with all her kind, forgiving heart. Lady Capsandra could scarcely have explained herjown motives in making this first visit. She fancied, however, that they were purely nnselfish, and chat she was sincerely repentant for the past, and- anxious to make amends to BesB for all the trouble and sufleringshe had esused her. Yethumsni motives, like humanJhearts, are difficult to analyse, eo nrone are they to be compounded of selfishness and deaeit. Bat Lady Cassandra made her visit, and went down ion her knees beside the invalidchair in whiah Bess was sitting. "Oh, Bess, dear little, Bess," she half sobbed, with tears that at the moment must have been genuine, " can yon iorgive tne ? . I shall never be happy or at rest again unless >on do. I tin so sorry- I must have been mad to do the wicked thing I did; but Heaven Jmpws, my whole life shall he spent in making «menfla to Jon, II you will only Iorgive mo" Bsas bent down and took the proud, fair •face in hothbsr hands. ; _ . «•My dear ootuûnCassie,*.' the caid, with streaming tears and womanly kr«se«, "asif J «orild bear any taalioe #gainstvyouall this while! iWJhy,î haveïox»ven jpn yjaa^BagojBow vfaoufd I, with «l^^y/wiiimeMwnd? mon jB>udlbethe«nd^»ni : my defcrttt friend." ! . „ -vWha» fat ^nhyn came in herj^md.'itis îîttle We>sfoep.vwUh Jbpr^feeatli»p£fBtely, ffc&alurloaked; h rioodÇBna «lightl til îmaaetn'ine xontepiptlor&e; weak And now, after the ;close of her brilliant London season. Lady Cassandra had come again to make another jvisit. She had reigned belle of the gay London world, andnumbeied scores of lovers, and was engaged, eo rumor had it, to young Lord Montraville, the very beet m at oh of the season. But whether rumor told the truth, no one could state, for my ladj'e proud, impassive face never betrayed its secrets. Stately, beautiful, and regal as a queen, she came to visit the woman who had wedded the only man her passionate heart had ever loved. But if the sight of iheir nuptial happiness and the pretty face of the infant heir of the house of St. Aubyn, gave her any pain, she never betrayed it by the slightest sign. "Well, St. Aubyn," she questioned, serenely, seating herself in the great chair and folding her white hands upon her lap, what advice do yon need 2" "Wc-ll, St . Aubyn," questioned Ijady Cuss, seatinLj herself in the preat chair, "what I am in trouble aboot IÏËBB, St. Aubyn remarks. " Dr. Lstishe is in more danger than we " Why Cassie mer BBys think." "Ah! Indeed 1" Lidy Cassandra elevates her delicate browB, and iustthe shadow of a fiish'Iights her blue-gray eyep. "Yes," St. Aubyn goes on ; "he Bays if we keep her here she will die before the winter sets in, and that nothing will save her but a sea voyage and sojourn in a milder climate than this." " Well, then," responds my iady, with her cool smile, "what advice can you need? Of course you will take her without delay?" " Well, yes, of course—that is, I would if it were possible," stammers St. Aubyn, with R flush mounting to his cheeks. He always feels a sort of dread of liia; cousin Caaaandra's eyes, they are so calm' and sharp, leet they discover his secret. "Yes, of course I would," ho stammers. I'd do anything under the sun to save my poor little Bess—the bare thought of losing her sets me frantic—but you see. Cassie, 1 cannot w ell leave England now." Lady Cassandra winces, in spite of her self-command, at St. Aubyn's tender mention of his wife, but she responds calmly enough. " Rsaily, now, I see no reason why you cannot." "Well, there are reasons," he goes on, desperately. "I have business affairs on hand that demand my presence here, and yet I dislike to fcend Bess alone. Latimer tiPlls me, however, that Sir John Rutledge is going out in the Dolphin—Ilutledge of thfe Elms, you know. He takes his wife and daoghter, and they winter in Malta or Algeria ; and Latimer, eays it is just what Bess needs. Now, what am I to do ? How can I let her go alone, with a chance of .never seeiri her again?" f He looks at Lady Cassandra, his handsome blue eyes fall of passionate pain ; but eved in this, as in all things else, his nature is selfish. The proud woman's scarlet lips suddenly whiten at sight of those mesmeric eyes, full of love and anxiety for another woman than herself. All hfr life long she had loved this handsome, eelfish man, and Bhe loves him BtilJ. A terrible pain shoots like a knife through her heart—a pain that iH half akin to hope—a vague dim hope of she knows not what. But she masters it in a moment, and presses her slim white hand bard against her side. " It ia hard," she replies, gently ; " but it would be harder to keep her here, and then have yourself to blame for the consequences." " So it would. I should go mad if I kept her here and she died." " Then you had better send her with Sir S John Kutledge." ' Iîat the Dolphin in which they embark sailB on the lOLh—only four days hence." " Well, we oan Boon make the neceBsary preparations. Of course Mason goes with her; and baby—what about him ?' St. Aubyn's blue eyes open wide. I. s haa forgotten his son and heir. : "By Jove," he cries, "Bess will never consent to leave her baby; and, of courre, she cannot take him." " Of course not ; but I think she- will trust him to me. Tell her I will take charge of baby." St. Aubyn leaves the room without a word, and Lady Cassandra, rising from her seat, hurries across to the window, clutching it the garnet brooch that pi.:s her lace collar as if she were in danger of choking. CHAPTEIf XXIIi. THE LABI JAKTINO. " Look np, BESS, poor little mother; you mustn't cry so." ^ Bess lifts her head, and wipes he ^streaming eyes in obedience to her husband's command. j \- •'You know, my dear," he continues, Baya you jnoai go—nothing else will «ave you." [ "But my baby ! Oh, St. Aubyn, think of leaving my baby 1" «he moans, pressing [the child to her breast, while her tears fall pike rain on its little pink lace. j St. Aubyn looks at her, and a sudden cloud darkens his fine brow. j " Yes, I know," be says, " it must bs hard for you to leave the child.- You don't deem to find it very hard to part from jme though." j She looked up at him with frightened eyes. ; "Oh, indeed I do. It almost breaks; my heart to think of leaving you. The only, dif Terence is, baby will miss me so " 1 "And I shall miss you to"o, ttees," he oriee, catohing her in his arma and kissing jhor. " Bnt what should I do if I lost you for good?" î " Oh, Jear, I don't think 1 shall dif. I can't die &ud; leave bady. Please do not send me away from yon." j The sight of her pleading face touches him keenly, and for j the moment he is ^ialf tempted to go with her and risk everything. He oa¬, bnt he'll try to make an end of that ngly business away in Cardigant^iire, and then~he may follow her. The thought réassurés him amaaingly. "Bnt my dear little Bess," he replies, UBhing np hex looae sleeve and disci >sing Eer wasted arm, f fleelwhat a shadow you fcre'l And^iime^knowshest. He Efya if you make come hoijie to me and babyj^faal^mp|t&arty; woman ; .Seug eyes. " Well,dBar,%I.càiHBe'if v you say soil am willing ; %nt-i-J»nt ''^&r; ^pioB lailing Wain ^'aotft ? yon<Bbink'f^gfet'imanage to take fcaby andjnom'T^'-nijp^; . 'ïBfchyiùfàjmi?» a, and per pal to Algeria J yï ittle mothi , no f F-rfiJ ' . ;îjn the 'bya^e. ywmi Îê-Cïiiia'îe <ti Id -me *o«a ge olhii and you 1 yon retf m. 3 ]' h Yes, when I return baby will bs a big bcry—a big boy." , Bhe repeats the words in a dreamy whisper, her great solemn eyes bent upon tbe blue waters of the river running throdgh the green K ntish hills. Î [Her fcurrOand watohes her curiously, and tnensays: You will go, Bess." . If you wish it, dear, I will go." So the matter is decided, and tbe hasty preparations are made. Sir John Butlejdge is called upon, and, after ConsnUetion with his wife, expreeseB himself greatly delighted to take Lady St. Aubyn under his charge, Her maid Jenny and Mrs. Mason. St. Aubyn's old nurse, are both to go out with her. j 1 The trunks are packed, and at last jthe final morning comes. I Bess stands in her chamber, robed in dunlike grey, her poor weak limbs tottering under her. Lady Cassandra is at hand, with baby in her arms. ! " I'll take good care of him, Bess," Ehe says, earnestly, and sincerely, too, at the moment. " So kisa him ànd ssy good-sye, dear. You are not strong enough to be&r; a lingering parting. Sc. Aubyn, take her away at once; she is faint new." ; Bess lies quite still, with her head on her husband's arm, as thty journey to the port of embarkation, but 8t length, as the '.^eh Of the sea reaches her, she rouses up. j " We ehall soon part new, dear,'j he eays. - ' i " Yon won't forget me ^shen I'm gone 1 ?" j." EosgeJjgpjPeasJ I.shall thinkof you I^uîjCuiljBM^itfjî^ fl-T^I»* hhild," not' 'lêïj on go in ibisi WBy %?ithoutme, only—well, you know howSt is, *ny dear. So important jUEt now to be in SEngland. I j '• Yes, my desr, 1 know." J She answers confidently. She takes him fat hie word in all thingej &nd; has no sent of suspicion thbt in lii. hidden Boul thertj is a ihornble skeleton. ' I don't know how I shall live whilj; you are gcce," he toDtinues. "It may be that 1 may follow you, if I can settle my fifairs ; I certainly shall ii 1 car." " Well, Ï shall not ce away such a long time, dear, and you'll have baby, and Casait will he good to you. You must gojhome with her to TreEby Wold and Mount Storm when she takes baby there. I Bbsll feel better satisfied to think you are ! with baby.' 1 " Will you ? I'll go, then. I'd do anything to make ycu go away happy,i Bees. Can you think ôf anjtbing elee? J S there nothing jou want?—no request yon w>,uld like, to make before we part?" ; j She looks up at him with timid, wistful; eyes, and her 1 ipe quiver. j " There is only one thing, dear," shp says; " and that seems foolish ; but you won't getj angry with me, I know. You reniembes that old ring you took from my fiagerstj long ago ?" i " Yes, dear—here it is. I've worn it or) my watch-chain ever p.ince, even when 1 thought you were dead." j He lifts hiB heavy chain, and the juaint old ring of twisted Indian ^old flashes beforé her tear-blinded eyee. j " Would you mind giving it back to me?V she falters, a faint red rising in herjwaxe^ cheeks. " I used to see it, and to have it OL my finger, oh, so long ago, when poor papa was alive; and—and—they told me it WEB a sort of talisman. Don't think rag sill}?, dear, but I can't rid myself of the fancy that if I wear that old ring on my long vojyage, !l shall come back Bafe to you." j j St. Aubyn laughs, and disengages the ring from hie chain. " Well, your fancy shall be humored," jhe Bays, "and I hope that the cuijious pid trinket may prove a talisman in truth There, let me put it on your finL jr.'] • Bess puts oui her thin, waxen fiand, the St. Au by a opal that ehe still wearj flipping loosely ibout on her wasted finger. ; " Why, how small your finger [is, poor dear !" says her horband. " You'll lose ^he old opal if you're not careful ; Bnd| I Bhculd grieve to lose it. The women, pf my rice have worn it for centuries, and we must keep it for our boy when he wins bis bribe." " My dear, suppose you take it eft and kfcep it for me. 1 might lose it on my jiurney." "It would be a good idea," reejpondsjSt. Aubyn, good-naturedly. "Your, finger «-ill bs plump .ind round by the time you return." I He slipB it eff, &13Q tranfers it to jbis Own little finger; and i Bess, with thaf curious quiver still about her mouth, put? on ithe quaint old twisted ring. And thus they reach the place of, parting, and thus they part, with many tears iand fond caresses ; and Bese, Marchiorjees of St Aubyn, and Lady of Nivercois . Cburt, ^oes forth upon her long and lonely jburney--fnot with the old St. Apbyn opal, but v^ith Redmond Oarew'e queer old betrothal ring upon her wasted finger» CHAPTER XXIV. j 6IX MONTHS I.1TKB. In her own private boudoir at Treeby Wold my Lady C&esandra; pits, < drizzly afternoon in March, her regal [head reEticg on her jewelled hand, her f:ycs|bent upon the winding high-road, flimiy visible through the bleared window. I j Tbe twilight is closing in,; acid stye waiting for St. Aubyn to return L'indon. ' He spends most of his time in the Wold now, for his child is there, underLsdy Ca ssac dra's care, andhefind3 the Manor lonely now that Bess is Hv.r.y. ( So it turns out—and naturally nough— that he makes the Wold hia home, It isjsuch a comfoitable, luxurious old place, With such cheery fires, and tempting dinners;] and his cousin CasEandra woman. He lias been in London, however, week's vieit, and now my lady is looki his return. is Euch aj winning g for She sees him at last, the carriage ctjming up the sodden drive at a rapid rate. He|: eyes light and her cheeks glow like fcarniine(. She tares, and rings her bell, 1 " Tell nnrse to bring baby down o the day nrfrsery. His father is Coming ehe commands. Then she sweeps out, and is i n the nursery herself jfhen the child iE br ought down. ' j There St. Aubyn finds ; them I both when he comes in from , the fitormy s weather, surrounded by warmth ana luxiirious beauty. j t In her Tegal robes, Lidy CaeEanflr" Ira ! -meete him as ^he enters, wi'h thej babe ip her arme. j I s Ha enatcbea the hoy frorajher and commences to caress it. without vcmchkafit g even eo much as a glanoe of recognition a^ Lady ;| Cassandra herself,—Y To le continuai. c 