unrip CHAPTER XIX.— MRS. RIVERS' MASKED BATTERY. CHAPTER XX BEFORE THE STORM. CHAPTER XXL— STAY AND SPARE NOT. ' CHAPTER XXII. —MACLEAN'S VALET. CHAPTER XXIIL— THE SECRET OF MORDAONT WASTE. CHAPTER XXIV. —A GHOSTLY VISIT. CHAPTER XV. — Continued. " I picked him -up promiscuous. .1 saw he was a most intelligent and agreeable fellow, and intelligent and agreeable fellows don't hang on every bush like blackberries. A gentleman can tell another gentleman when lie . meets him, even although there be no third party on hand to repeat the in variable formula, ' Sir Everard Fern- leigh, allow me — my estimable friend, Mr. Kenneth Maclean, celebrated traveller, distinguished author, <fcc., &c.;' No, Mrs. Rivers, I picked tho tenant of the Hermitage up, and a very doligbtful and social fellow I find him.'' " Yes," Mrs. Rivers said, quietly, " Mr. Maclean, as he chooses to call himself, is a very pleasant companion, and vet " "And yet you 'damn him with faint praise,' my dear lady. And he 'chooses to call himself Maclean,' does lie? Pray, what then ought he tocall himself, and what on earth do you know of the man, Mrs. Rivers?" " Sir Everard," the lady said, earnestly, " I recognised Colonel Clif ford's tenant last night as a person I met in Vienna many years ago. A man— it sounds incredible, I fear, but it is true — a man sane on all points but one— mad on that! — in short, a monomaniac ! It was during my hus band's lifetime ; business had taken him to Vienna. I accompanied him ; and one night at somo social assembly I met this man. I really foiget the name he bore then, but it certainly was not Maclean. His monomania was well understood among his Vien nese friends — it was in mistaking identities. For instance, he would meet you and be suddenly struck with the idea that you resembled some per son he had seen before. He would brood over the idea a little, and finally insist that you were that person. I heard many most laughable anecdotes of his hallucination at first, but it came home tome unpleasantly when he insisted I was a Mademoiselle Ella something — a ballet dancer lie had known in England. Last night, at first, I hardly knew him ; that vast beard alters liirn greatly ; but when ho mounted his old hobby-horse and told me I was like that— I forget what he called her— and Colonef Clifford the very image of a galley-slavo in Toulon I remembered him at once. It sounds strange, I admit, but it is positively true; the man, sane and intelligent, and talented in every other way, is mad on this subject. And yet, it is not so very remarkable either. Physicians narrato more marvellous cases of mania every day." The widow paused. Had she not had so much at stake she could have laughed outright at tho baronet's face. Blank bewiidorment, incredulous sur prise, dense dismay, were written irresistibly in his astonished features and wide-open eyes. "My dear Mrs. Rivers! Good heavens ! ' What an extraordinary declaration ! Mucleaa mad ! The man that can handle every topic of the day, from the destinies of nations to the coloring of one of Etty's flimsiest sketches — the man who can beat, me in an argument— yes, I own it — who can beat mo at chess and 4cart4, vingt-ot-uii and whist — the man who writes the most readable books of the period — who— mad ! My dear Mrs. Rivers, you will excuse me, but that is all nonsense." "Very well, Sir Everard," tho widow said, perfectly unruffled, "I don't want to 'shake your faith in your friend. Believe him sane as long as he will allow you, I am very willing. Only, if tho mania does show, if he does insist upon mistaking mo for all manner of im proper and unpleasant persons, I look to you for protection. Perhaps I am silly, but I really don't like to bo told I am the living imago of ' a woman, so vicious and unprincipled that he would not let her caress a dog ho cherished.' He said as much last night, you re member. Ancl I don't think Colonel Clifford felt flattered when told he so vividly resembled the galley-slave at Toulon." Again that look of perplexity and dismay overspread the baronet's face. " Gad," he said, " you're right ; it can't be pleasant, and it's rather odd of Maclean, I'll allow. Yet, as to being mad, my dear Mrs. Rivers, it's impossible for me to credit that." Mrs. Rivers bowed. "..As you please, Sir Evqrard,. wo will wait and see. Do you wish me to answer those letters for you you spoke of yesterday 5" " If you will bo so very good," the baronet murmured, plaintively. " The wretched state of my health — my " Dear Sir Everard — I know — it is a pleasure, I, assure you, and dearest Adeline's lessons can wait. Why should you fatigue yourself writing, when I am over delighted to save you the trouble ? And if you feel inclined to listen I will finish that troatise of Holbach's I commenced yesterday." .. Mrs. lliverp know as well as Sir Everard himself that there was nothing on earth the matter with him except chronic laziness. But it suited her book very well to make herself indis pensable ; and when they adjourned to the library she was tenderly solici tous on tho subject of draughts, and wheeled up his easiest of easy-chairs, arid arranged his footstool, and draped the curtains to shade the light, as a mother might have done by a dying child. And the pretty face looked so sweetly concerned, and the long black eyes so tender and dewy, and the per fumed hair brushed his hand, as the handsome head bent over her tasks, that — oh, calm-beating pulses of G5 ! — no wonder you quickened to tho speed of a trip-hammer. Perhaps Thackeray was right after all in his sarcastic remark, that " The woman who knows her power may marry Whom Sue Likes."' Tho capitals are his own. So Mrs. Rivers sat down before the baronet, looking like some exquisite cabinet picture, and wrote his letters and read aloud, while the hot August morning wore on, and the birds sang in the green darkness of the mighty oaks and beeches, and the bees boomed drowsily in rose and lily-cup. " In the spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love,'' says .Lord Tennyson, and in the sultry heat of August a lazy, beauty-admiring old man, with nothing else to do, and a pretty woman ever before him, may turn his fancy lightly in that direction too. Certain it is that Sir Everard kissed tho widow's hand with aglow on his thin, high-bred face rarely seen there as she rose to go. " I know you want your noonday nap, and I have finished Monsieur Holbacli," she said, gaily. . " I shall go in search of my runaway pupil now, and give her her music lesson. Farewell.'' And then the elegant little lady sailed away, and Sir Everard closed his eyes, and lay back in placid ecstasy. " That woman is a jewel. I appre ciate her more and more every day. What a pretty little soft voice she has ; and those wonderful eyes — soft, lumi nous, melting 1" The baronet smacked his venerable lips. " And her smiles maim one imnit oi sue mussuiman s houris, ' not made of clay, but of pure music.' And she never bangs a door, and she never bores one when one doesn't want her ; and her manners are perfect, and she is past-mistress of the high art of dress, and her singing is enchanting, and — in short, I hope she won't take it into her head to ' bettor herself ' by getting married, or any nonsense of that sort, for some years to come. I wisli that noodle, Clifford, would cease hunting her down, and . marry his cousin, as he ought to do.'" Mrs. Rivers conscientiously souglit out Adeline, and dragged her to the piano, and held her -captive there for two mortal hours. Then it was lun cheon-time, and directly after luncheon Miss Fernleigh was marched off to French and drawing, bitterly against lior will. It was past 4, and the afternoon sun was drooping . low before the governess consented to liberate her wretched serf. She stood alone in the schoolroom, among maps, and blackboards, and writing- desks, and scattered- books — after Adeline had rushed frantically away — leaning against tho marble chimney-piece, with that grayish look of worn pallor that always Overspread her face when alone. The broad rond may be strewn with roses at first sight ; but when wo come to tread it we find the thorns pierce through the rose- leaves sharply onough. Standing there, Mrs. Rivers looked wearied of life, of tho world, and all therein. " When will it all end ?" she won dered, drearily ; "or am I to go on for over like this 1 — stretched on the rack. Will rest ever come in this world ? or must I wait for it until they lay me yonder in tho churchyard ?" The door opened — a servant entered — Mrs. Rivers lifted up her head and wan, haggard face. " What is it Jane ?" she asked, list-, lessly. i " Colonel Clifford, ma'am ; he is- in the white drawing-ropm, which he says lie wants- to see you, ma'am, most par ticular ?'' "Very well, I will go down." The girl disappeared, soliloquising, as she descended to tho lower regions — " They calls her 'andsome, they does — master and the gentlemen from Darepoi't. I wish they could see her now. If I was to paint and powder and dress up like she does, they might call mo handsome, too. She looks 40 years old this minute. Mrs. Rivers wdllced over to the glass. Adeline kept a mirror in tho school room to refresh herself, amid her dry- ns-dust studies, by an occasional peep at her own rosy face. " I look like a witch," the widow thought, "old, and haggard, and hol low-eyed. Very well — I'll go down as I am — it may help to cure this idiot of his insane passion. He can do me good service as a tool— lie is only a nuisance as a lover. I shall come to a final understanding with him, and have done witli it," Sho descended to tho white drawing- room — one of a long and splendid suite, and found Edward Clifford pac-, ing to and fro with his usual moody face whilst ho waited. H'e stopped as she entered, staring at her pale, worn look. " You. have been ill — you are ill," he said, in alarm ; " you are looking wretchedly. In heaven's name, what is the matter ?" Mrs. 'Rivers sank down in tlio white velvet deptiis of a fauteuil, and made an impatient movement of her slender hand. "There is nothing the matter — you see me as I am, that is all. If my wretched looks disenchant you, I shall bo obliged to them — for once." Edward Clifford set his teeth — his dark face growing darker .with anger. " You are merciless," he said ; ".I love you, and this is how you meet me. I came here to-day to ask you to be my wife." Mrs. Rivers laughed— a laugh of in describable scorn. "Much obliged. I ought to. 'feel flattered, I 'suppose ; but really I can't say that I do. You want a wife, do you? and you want to marry me ? on the principle that what won't keep one W.ill keep two,. What do you propose; Sir. Edward Clifford ? Will we go to Mordaunt, among tho rats and the ghosts, and subsist on the memory of the family splendor gone by, and tho bounty of .our rich friends? Or shall we set up a public-liouso like one's maid and valet, and call it the ' Clif ford Arms,' with you ' hail fellow well met ' amidst all the clowns in the county, and I, in cap and ribbons, making myself fascinating behind a greasy bar, dealing out gin and water ? My dear Colonel Clifford, I knew your intellect from the first to be none, of the strongest ; but, upon ' my word, I never thought you would fall to such a depth of idiocy as this, much less propose it to mo." . , She looked up in his face fully and boldly, with insolent defiance. And the craven soul within the man made his eyes fall, even while he ground out suppressed blasphemies between his teeth. "Listen to me, Edward Clifford," the widow - said, in an altered tone, "and don't be a fool, and don't be angry. I do not love you, as you very well know ; yet, if the wealth that has gone to Blanche Grey were yours, I would marry you to-morrow. But it is hers beyond redemption, and you and I can never be more to one another than friends. Your friend I am very willing to bo, if you take my advice and act wisely, I know you. Don't make an enemy of me. i You have ono already, and a dangerous one, in that man Maclean." " Curse him ! yes." "He saw you at Toulon.. Do you rpmpmher him 1" "No — that is — do you mean to say you believe mo to be , the, convict he spoke. of last". night?" " Colonel Clifford, don't bluster — it is ever the sign of a coward. Yes, I do. You are that escaped convict, and you bear the -brand on your arm, or shoulder, or somewhere,- if you only like to display it. -You are an im postor arid an escaped convict t ' Will you tell m'e what you are besides ?" " No ; I will not." ' "Justus you please. I'll find out for myself, then. Shall I tell you what you are ? Stoop down ; walls have ears." There was an unpleasant tightness about the pretty mouth, an unpleasant steely glitter in the black eyes. One little hand grasped the man's wrist like a steel fetter, and' drew him down. He bent his head, and she whispered half-a- dozen words — no more- — in his ear. But they sent him recoiling with a tremendous oath. "Who told you so?"- he cried, hoarsely. " Are you a female devil; or what?" "Something very like it," replied the widow, with a hard little laugh, "And you tho.ught to outwit me. Now, shall. iyo be friends or enemies ?".. ' He stood glaring down upon her for a inomont, with that lurid, manaical light in his eyes that Harry Grey had once before remarked. " You are mistress, ' he said, in the same hoarse way. " What do you want ?' " Only your good nnd my own. I want you to marry your cousin Blanche and the splendid dowry, and I want — see how frank I can be — I want to marry Sir Everard Fernleigh my self;'" Edward Clifford broke into a harsh, discordant laugh. " Blanche Grey is a lady ; she won't marry me. And Sir Everard : Fern leigh is a gentleman ; he won't marry you. Baronets don't marry their daughter's governesses, except in a lady's novel." "How rude you are," Mrs. Rivers murmured, reproachfully. " Baronets don't espouse governesses, as a rule, I admit ; but I am no ordinary governess, neither am I treated as such — and this particular baronet will marry me. And I am going to bo tho most charitable of Lady Bountifuls — a mother to the poor for miles around, and fa stopmother to that dreadful rpmp, Adeline. Yes, Colonel Clifford, I am destined to be Lady Fernleigh, and I will move heaven nnd earth to see you tho happy husband of our queenly Blanche." " What the deuce do you want me to marry her for 1" the gentleman asked, relapsing into his habitual sulkiness. " What is it to you ?" " It js n groat deal to me. Don't you know I hate her 1" Edward Clifford stared. The evil glitter was very bright now in tho blaok eyes, the evil smile dancing on the thin lips. "Yes, I hate her,'' Mrs. Rivers said, airily, " as only ono woman can hate another. You wnn't to know why, do you ? Well, take a woman's reason, I hate her because I hate her 1 She is younger than I am — handsomer than I am — richor than I am — purer, better, happier than I am. And I hate her, and she hates me." " And beCauso you hate her you want to see her my wifo ?" " Exactly ! I noed hardly ask better revenge. If she marries you, it will not be you — the man — she marries, it will bo her own ideal, Edward Clifford, whom sho has loved from childhood, who lies dead at the bottom of the southern sea. By-the-bye, is it indis putably certain that ho is dead ?" "Would I venture here else ? I tell you I saw the ship myself bum to the water's edge, and every soul on board perish with her. The Eastern Light went to tho bottom two years ago, and Edward Clifford among the rest.' " Then you aro quite safe, in spite of Kenneth Maclean. If lie doubts your identity they will set him. down a madman. Now you see there is no alternative. You can't marry me — you must marry Blanche, the heiress. And when she is your wife, and you have her fortune- within -your grasp,' tell her who you are and come to me for your reward." " And you — - — '' The widow laughed — a mocking peak "Oh, I will go with you then, and wc.will live in splendor on the spoil — that is, if Sir Everard will be obsti nate, and won't make me ' my lady.' Now we understand each other. Obey, and I will be your friend, iefuse, and I will be the first to tear your mask off, and show you to the world as an impos tor — a base-born wretch, an' escaped galley slave ! Shall wo say adieu for the present? It istime fordinner Not being Lady Fernleigh as yet I really can not take upon myself to invite you to stay. And if I could I wouldn't. Sir Everard is jealous — poor dear 1" She laughed again as she arose — a sweet little laugh — and held out her white hand. " M y dear colonel, pray don't look quite so much like a death's head and cross bones ! That flippant Adeline calls you 'The Knight of the Rueful Countenance,' and really you deserve it. Don't hope to win the handsome heiress with that moody face. Try to look amiable if you can. It's just as easy, and ever so much plea- santer.'' He caught the hand she held out in a grasp that made her wince. " And this is the end ? There is no hope ? I must obey you, or " . " Please let go my hand — you are crushing it to atoms. Yes, you must obey me, or — we won't finish, for you will obev." . And if Blanche Clifford refuses to marry me ?" ... The ' '.v idosv- shrugged her sloping shoulders, and moved to the door. "Look to yourself, then 1" Poor, weak heart, don't you know your Shakespeare yet? Tho man that hath a tongue, I say. is no man, If with that tongue ho cannot win a woman ! Farewell for the present. When you have proposed, and she has accepted, come back and let me be the first to congratulate you." Tho words were strangely like the farewell words of old Hagar. She was gone — with her soft sliding step, and insolent smile — while yet she spoke. And the darkly menacing glance, the look of baffled love, of bitter hate combined which Edward Clifford east after her was all unseen. It might have warned fher, if on the dangerous road she was treading there was any turning back. CHAPTER XVHI. /. .COLONEL CLIFFORD OBEYS ORDERS. -Edward-Clifford rode slowly home ward through the sultry grey of the August evening, his gloomy face set in an expression of dark, dogged resolu tion. It was "written," it was his Fatei Those two women, so unlike in all other .things, so like in this one fell purpose, were driving him headlong to his doom. They had him hopelessly under tlieir heels; 'there was no alter native but blind obedience. " I will do it, since I must," he said, inwardly, " and if she refuses let them take care | Coward as I am, I can be dangerous when goaded to desperation, A coward frenzied into fight is ten times more terrible than a brave man. I will ask Blanche to. be my wife before I sleep." \- ' But when, in the crystal moonlight," the ex-colonel reached the villa, it was to find himself baffled, for that time at least. Through the French windows of the drawing-room, standing wide open, he could see the graceful figure of the heiress seated at the piano, and the man he hated most on earth stand- ing besido her, looking as happy as Adam in Eden. \- " May the old demon fly away with him," muttered the Indian officer, " if I had a pistol I would be tempted to shoot him where he stands. By heavens, I would marry her now, if I could, were it only to triumph ovor hiin. No one need look twice to see what those two faces say." He wheeled round nnd walked off to timetables to smoke and amuse him self with the stoeds. He had a passion for horses, and tho Clifford stables had always been the pride of the family. He emerged just in time to see the tenant of the Hermitage tako his de parture. Blanche stood in the brilliant moonlight on the portico and looked up in his face with shy, happy grace, all new in his experience of her, ns she gave Maclean her hand. "Remember your promise,'' she said, softly : " I shall never know peace until the mystery is solved." " I am not likely to forgot. Before yonder full moon wanes, the secret will be revealed." He held her hand just a thought longer, perhaps, than there was any real necessity for, then he was gone. He kept no horse — ho rarely rode, yet he could go across country like a bird ; and to-night ho crashed through the dewy grass and tall fern with long, swift strides. He passed very close to where Edward stood, whistling an old Scottish air that Blancho often played, with an inexpressibly happy glow on his handsome face. The hidden watcher clenched his right hand vindictively,, and bis black eyes glared in the dark ness, like the eyes of a beast of prey. "If I only had a pistol !" lie hissed for the second time, under his breath, " I would shoot him down, coward as I am, like a dog The heiress of Clifford stood on the moonlit portico until the tall Maclean disappeared.-: Sho ' lingered still;, tempted by the unutterable beauty of the" night, when her cousin strode up. " You," Edward j" she said, with a little start, rousing from some pleasant reverie ; " how lato you aro ! You have been to Fernleigh "Ward, of course,''-carelessly. . " My being at Fernleigh Ward is no matter of course that I can see. As to the lateness, it is as early for me, I presume, as for the ' gentlo hermit ' who burrows like an underground mole- in Mordaunt Hermitage. I saw hiin go just now." Tho color rose in Blanche's fair face — ho could see tho angry flush, the kindling sparkle in her eye, even in the' moonlight. " Will you be kind enough to recol lect, Colonel Clifford, that the ' under ground' molo ' you speak of so con temptuously saved my life. He saved my life at the i-isk of his own, and in gratitude never was a failing of tho 'Cliffords until — of late !" The haughty head raised itself erect — the bright blue eyes flashed in dignant fire. Truly, Edward Clifford's wooing opened unpromisingly enough. " They can bo ungenerous at least, ' he retorted, stung by the recollection of how her life had been saved, " or you would never taunt me with that. I explained — my recent illness — my shattered nerves — my " " I beg your pardon," Blanche ex claimed, hastily, shrinking sensitively from the subject, "it was ungenerous, but you stung me into it. You are no friend of Mr. Maclean's — all the more reason, my good cousin, wljy. you should not stoop to the smallness of slandering him behind his back ; a brave man never stabs in the dark. Say what you have to say to Mr." Maclean himself— ho is quite capable, I fancy, of taking his own part — but pray don't slight him to me. Good night." She swept away with the queenly grace and pride characteristic of "La Princesse," leaving the hero of Bala- klava to anathematise his own folly, and this slender girl's indomitable spirit. " A promising beginning," he mut tered, with a bitter laugh ; "I am peculiarly fortunate in my love-mak ing. Mrs. Rivers ought to see me now . Next morning Blanche Grey wore her iciest . face ; but the penitent ex pression of Edward dispersed the little cloud at once. He had offended her, and he was sorry — Miss Clifford was a great deal too large-hearted and gene rous to ask more than that. So she accepted the olive branch at once, and talked good-naturedly to the young man, and promised to walk ovor to the Hermitage immediately after break fast, to see the improvements he was about to make. The workmen were to begin that very day, and nothing must be touched' without Blanche's approbation. " It is very complimentary of you, Edward," she said, carelessly, "but not in the least necessary to consult me. Of course, I should be sorry to sea the dear old place much altered, but I fancy there is no danger of that." !' Your indifference to me and my doings and my belongings is plain enough, heaven knows !" Edward an swered, bitterly. "There is little need to tell me of it. And" yet it was the thought of you, and you only, that .brought me here." Which was strictly true — be thought of Miss Clifford and her splendid rent- . roll and dowry.. They were walking along a cool, leafy arcade, very near the west gate of Mordaunt, very near the Hermitage, as ho said this. A vivid contrast tlioy were. Blanche, so fair, so bright, so beautiful — her beauty only set off' by tho sombre hue of her dress and coquettish little black hat ; ho, so dark, so moody, so stern. " It was for your sake I returned to Darepoi't," Colonel Clifford continued, . looking at the grass, at the trees, any where but at the bright, fair face, with its crystal eyes, " for yours alone. ' You lovccl me once— as a child, at least ; I came back in the hope that you might forget my past, arid love mo still, and I saw you beautiful as a dream, but. cold as a statue of snow. Yes, Blanche — my cousin — my love— you liavo my seoret at last, l's the old affection hopelessly dead ? Have you no place in your heart for Edward Clifford ?" The words were well enough, but the tone ! All, hypocrite and dis sembler though ho was, the false ring of spurious coin was there, and the girl's keen ear caught it from the first word. She looked steadily up in his face, a cynical smile curving the rosy lips. " Cousin Edward," she said, with that provoking smile> " when did Mra. Rivers jilt you ? " "Blanche— — "' 1 !Yer, I .know. n That .look; of shocked ifidignatiori is very well gob- up, but it doesn't in the slightest de ceive me. It must have been last evening, for you haven't seen her to day. My poor cousin !, Why, I could, havo told you from the first how it would be. Prince Fortunatus, in the fairy tale, or Sir Everard Fernleigh, are the only riien to suit little Madam Rivers." His face blackened with anger. He had guessed from the beginning that this would be tho result, he had said so ; but the defeat was none the less stinging when it came. And with the consciousness of utter loss, came tho knowledge of how peerless, how lovely, how wealthy she was. " You pay mo but a poor compli ment, Colonel Clifford," the young" lady said, in slow, sarca-tic tonis, "to come hero this morning and offer me tho hand and heart Mrs. Rivers re fused last night. Beliove me, I know fully, and appreciate at its true worth, tho love you have lavished upon me since your return. But I did not think — no, Edward Clifford, I did not think you would havo insulted me by such an| offer as this." " Insulted, Blanche." "What is it but an insult?" the young girl cried, her blue eyes flashing fire, her cheeks . aflame. " Do you think me lilind ? Do you think me an idiot ? Has it not been plain to all the world that Mrs. Rivers has held you in the maddest of mad infatuations from the first ? Have you had eyes, or ears, or thought for me? And when she rejects you, as I know she has re jected you, you corbe to me. For what ? For spite and my money ! Or, perhaps, she has'advised you to do it — such a prudent, far-seeing, kind- hearted little woman as she is ! Ed ward Clifford, if you had struck me, I think I could have forgiven you sooner than for asking me to be your wife." The passionate words poured vehe mently out. He made no attemDt to check them — his cowardice and his sense of guilt were too great. "You do well," she went on, " to recall the old love, the childish wor ship, I had for my soldier cousin ; but the Edward Cliflprd of IB years ago is not the Edward Clifford of to-day. You have changed, I think, as no man ever changed before. That old dream died a violent death in the first hour of your return. There is not a laborer in yonder held but has as warm a hold on my heart as you, and you know it ! How daro you, sir, ask me to marry you — without affection, without oven respect, I think — for my wealth, and iiu'Bpiuu Hie wrnuw jcuvers ? now aare you do it 1 " She stamped her little foot passionately— she clenched one tiny hand until the nails sank in the pink palm. The violet eyes were black with anger and wounded pride, the cheeks hot, the whole face aflame, So Kenneth Maclean saw her, as he stood under the shadow of his front door sycamore and watched them, come Bp- Edward Clifford stalked moodily by her side, his eyes downcast, not daring to meet those flashing, fearless glances, his craven soul quailing within him. " Do you think I cannot see her Work in this?" she went on, vehemently; "her artful, designing prompting ! Sho fools you to the top of your bent, and when you ask her to be your wife she laughs in your face. She marry a poor man, indeed ! and a baronet with eight thousand a year within reach ! ' Go and ask your cousin Blanche,' she tells you ; ' we are and marry her, and win back your lost fortune.' That was her advice, was it not ? And you obediently act upon it at once. Edward Clifford, I will never forgive you to my dying day Hot tears of pride and passion filled tho angry blue eyes. She dashed them indignantly away, and went on. — "If it were in my power to restore you the fortune you have lost, heaven knows I would open my hands, and let it flow like water. I would never re tain one farthing that should right fully be yours. But it is not in my power. The will that leaves all to me contains a special clause against its ever returning, directly or indirectly, to you. Should I ever become your wife, every penny goes that hour to the Cliffords of Cornwall. It is a great pity you and Mrs. Rivers did not know this sooner. It would have saved me a proposal this morning from Colonel Clifford." " You are right," Edward muttered, between, his teeth; "it would, by uuu>veiia : She stopped at once, facing him full, her head thrown ; baclc,v her eyes glittering, her face deadly pale." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 