NEW YORK BI SIGHT ; I Oa, A FEMALB REPORTER, TRACKING A 500,000dol. ROBBERY. — W CHAPTER XXIV.— admiral Gbbat Again Escapes. Danger stood for an instant motionless. Respectfully he removed hiB hat. He felt stunned, for instead of finding him self face to face with a burglar ready for any desperate measure, ho came upon a scene both solemn and impressive. The girl he loved kneeling in prayer at the bedside of a sick woman. Quietly he hacked out of the room, thankful the girl absorbed in prayer, had not noticed his abrupt entrance. Hardly had he closed the door when he saw, going swiftly but noiselessly np the stairs, the very man for whom he searched. - Like a flash Danger was after him, but by the time he reached the next landing he found the thief on the landing above, and gaining on turn; so, polling his revolver and aiming at him, he oommanded him to stop. 44 Stop and throw up your hands, or by the Lord Fll put a bullet in you !" cried Danger, thoronghly exasperated at being so often out wittod by Admiral Great. The handsome young thief wavered for a moment, hot one glance at Danger's deter mined face convinced him that it was better to be captured alive than taken deaid. So his arms went up, and a latter despair ing look swept over his handsome face, when an : unlooked-for and unexpected event oocurred. A door was opened on the landing and a woman, moused by the commanding voice, stepped out, curious to see what was taking place. She came directly between Great and Danger's revolver. Always ready to grasp the slightest chance of escape, Great saw his opportunity, and knowing Danger would not dare to cany out his threat to shoot while the woman was between him and the bullet, he flew frantically up the stairs. Realising the position as quickly as had Admiral Great himself, Danger rapidly pursued the man. The woman who had so timely, for Great, interposed her bulky body in the way, gave a wild shriek of " Murder !" and then fell in sensible on the landing, again obstructing Danger's coarse. He had to take time to climb over her, and when he reached toe roof he was just able to see the dark form of the man he wanted disappearing down the adjoining flat. Springing over a low fence dividing the roofs, Danger harried after. He could not see his prey now, but he could hear him going swiftly down toe stairs, and although Danger did his best, he was not able to gain what advantage he had lost through toe woman. He reached the street door, only to see a cabman driving like wind up the avenue. A He knew the thief had escaped him again, and as if to confirm him in his conviction, the handsome burglar thrust his head out of the window, and in the light of the flickering gas bowed mockingly to the crestfallen Danger. 44 You have escaped this time, my hearty," Danger muttered ; 44 but I don't begrudge yon a few more days' freedom, for when I capture you, you go up for a long term. Your yellow locks will be turned to white before you ' do' New York by night again." There being no cabs about, Danger knew it was useless to euleavour to follow Admiral Great, but he felt he had spotted one of his nests, and he concluded to watch it, for doubt less his bird would return. Assuming a post on the corner, Danger watched the house untiringly. People went in and out, but Great was not one of them. Among the number a messenger boy came and went, and came again accompanied by a man carrying a black case. He was a physician, and Danger knew Ruby Shaxpe had seutfor one for the woman she was ministering to. 44 Bless her heart !" said Danger, his throat filling when he recalled the devout scene he had rushed in upon, revolver in hand. " Dear girl, always caring for and comforting some one, with 110 thought of her own self." No difference how impious a man may be, or thinks he is, he is always impressed by true devoutue68 when he stumbles upon it in others. When toe doctor came out again he got a carriage, aud the driver went with him into the house, from which they emerged at last care fully carrying a shapeless bundle. Ruby Sh&rpe;, her face pale and drawn, fol lowed with wraps and pillows, with which she proceeded to make the carriage comfortable for the patient. Danger watched it all, knowing he could be of no service and hesitating to intrude himself on Ruby at such a moment. A small crowd of the curious gathered about, despite the lateness of toe hour, and lingered, talking and wondering among themselves, after the carriage with its occupants was lost to right, and then they dispersed, leaving Danger alone on bis silent watch. 44 1 suppose Ruby is taking the woman to the hospital," Danger mused, and then he fell to thinking of Ruby's sweetness of character, of her beauty, of her apparent love for him, and like all fond lovers, the tender muring sent a warm glow through his heart, and he felt for the first time that his proud old mother could surely find nothing to object to in the woman of his choice. Her poverty ? Ah, well, had not he enough and to spare for both. Then he fell to picturing her as his wife ! His own sweet wife ! Tender and loving to him, affectionate and respectful to his lady mother, generous and charitable to the Buffering and afflicted, beautiful and dignified to toe admiring society world, graceful and cultured to toe world of letters — ah, was there ever woman with so many winning charms before ? And she loved him. And he loved her. Bah ! His self-appointed work grew distaste ful and unbearable to him after such heavenly thoughts. 44 Let the whole business go. What do I care ! I'll stop this thing aitcr thin ig cleared up, and settle down. And now I'll go home to sleep, which I stand badly in need of. Perhaps to-morrow Fll tell mother about her," he thought, and off he went from one of the poorest localities in New York to his palatial residence on Fifth Avenue. CHAPTER XXV. — A Lettish peon the Missing Stenog raphes. Ruby Sharps slept until late the next day. She seemed unusually pale and quiet, and the touguelesB woman watched her with the eyes of a cat, as if trying to penetrate this new mood of her benefactress. Aimlessly Ruby started forth at last, walking slowly along the streets, sometimes stopping and gariug unseeingly into chop window, ; _ . - b- , ' She wandered on until she reached Diamond s I 'T&'Mr.helooWin MM; and then, With burning oh®ek#. gleamingeyes, she went in and np to the atatnary E M?Dfflon— I— I trust you bave some word —or newB," she faltered to the father of toe missing stenographer. f. 44 1 toank you, Miss Sh&rpe; ; I amhappT say we have heard from my daughter, _th man answered happily, and his old face relieved of the misery it had worn on a former occasion. 44 She is well ?" Ruby asked gently-. 44 In God's mercy, I trust so,' the old man answered, wiping away the tears that would come. , . 44 Oh, Mr. Dillon, I am so happy, and yet so miserable that I cannot restore your daughter to you," said die with a heartiness that was unmistakable. . , Mr. Dillon felt it, for replied very earnestly : 44 1 toank yon, miss. You have been very kind to feel such an interest in my dear daughter. She appreciated it too. Will you read toe letter she seat me? There is nothing that you diould not see" — as Ruby made an involuntary backward movement. She took it with trembling hands and read it. ' Dearest Father and Mother, — Only a line to assure you of my safety. I cannot tell you all now, but I hope in a few days to be able to return to my home again. Wait patiently and love 44 Your affectionate daughter, "Mamie. "P.S. — Give my love to Miss Sharpe. She was a good and true friend to me and to yon all." Ruby handed the note silently back to toe father, and there was a suspicion of moisture in her eves. 44 This letter has made me very happy, miss,4' Mr. Dillon said folding it reverently and re placing it in his breast-pocket. 44 My dear child is safe, and I know she can explain her strange absence satisfactorily," toe father added, with a world of tender confidence in his tone and expression. 44 1 know she can, Mr. Dillon," Ruby re sponded, heartily. 44 We will try to rest content until she returns to us, and then it will be our joy to teach her to forget what trouble came to her," the father said, lovingly. Ruby's heart swelled and her throat filled. ' Oh, that more fathers were like this !" she thought. 44 There would be tower wrecked lives, fewer lost women, fewer wicked men. 44 Mr. Dillon, I hope yon and you » will be blessed," she said, brokenly. 44 Yon have given me a glimpse of a father's love that I shall remember au my life. Letitne assure you I should do anything in my power to hasten your daughter's return. I regret my inability to return her to you." " We shall always remember your kindness, with gratitude," Mr. Dillon replied. There were tears in her eyes when she left him, and she had little spirit for anything, so crushed was she under the weight of woe she had brought upon a family while toying to benefit them. 44S't! St!" Ruby raised her head at the sound and saw, not far away, Ed Diamond, who was trying to attract her attention. He was pale aud excited, and nervously motioned for her to come to hitn. 44 What sow ?" she asked anxiously, fearing Danger had arrested Maud as one of the party that bad burglarised Diamond and Go.'s store. 44 About Maud. If the old man conies along be talking about about " He hesitated. 44 Lionel Dangerfield. All right. Go on, tell me all about Maud," Ruby answered, quickly. 44 She's gone. The governor lxas found out everything, aud he discharged her on the spot," he said, unhappily. 44 Have you seen Maud since ?" 44No. I came in after lunch as I do every day, and Maud was gone then. I saw some thing was up, and I was going to 4 git,' when one of the bookkeepers said the governor gave orders for me to remain when I came in, and they had already notified him of my arrival." 44 Yes — yes ! And there was a scene F" Rdby asked quickly. 44 A scene? Well, I should remark. I gathered from what was said that Maud wore a bracelet I had given her to the office this morning. The governor saw it, and concluded at first she had been engaged with the fellows who robbed the store. He asked her where she fot it, and she said a gentleman bought it for er, and the governor kept her in the office until he had the matter looked up, and of course he fouud the bracelet entered against my name, so Maud was told to gat out, which she did at once." 44 Well?" Ruby interrogated. 44 I'm to be bundled off to Europe to night," the young fellow said, in accents of despair. 44 You are? And what of Maud?" Ruby asked, sharply. 44 1 suppose I'll never see her again. She will never come after me," he said, woefully. 44 Why not take hor along?" suggested Ruby. 44 Not the ghost of a chance. I called you to get you to take farewell to her. The old man gave me my choice of being disinherited or going away at once. I said I'd go away. I overheard him give orders to buy a stateroom on the Augusta Victoria, which sails some time before daybreak, so I know I'm booked for Europe," he said, despondently. 44 Let me see. Yon want Maud with you F" asked Ruby. 44 More than anything in the world," was the fervent answer. 44 Would you marry her V 44 If I got a chance. We are engaged." 44 Will you follow out my instructions ?" 44 1 think my case is hopeless " he began, but she stopped him, saying briskly : 44 If you are going to begin in that way, let us drop the whole thing. If you swear to obey my instructions, where yon go Maud shall go. If you are too weak, sayao at onoe, and leave Maud here to the many men who want her," said Ruby, tauntingly. : 44 I'd die first !" Diamond said, goaded by jealously into a false strength of will power and the thought of another man getting the woman he loved, bbre him through ml that happened that night. 44 Then listen to aie, and as yon value your happiness— your life — your Maud, remember what I say and follow out my instructions to i toe letter," Ruby said, impressively. For twenty minutes they talked together, aud then Ruby left him with a smile of hope on his lips and words of encouragement echoing in his ears. There was something to do now. Hiring a cab she drove to Miss Maud Dick's rooms. As bad luck would hive it, that plump young > porson was not in, and there was no telling when she would be, , There was nothing for it but to wait. | ' There were many other things to. do, rot I what was the use in doing them until after the consent of the prime figure in the drama was -gained? On cams dusk, and then dinner-time. . - Bull Ruby waited patiently or impatiently, it mattered not, since she waited. Six o'clock, and no Miss Maud Dick._ 8even —eight o'clock, and no Miss Maud Dick, and Ruby Sharpe waited on, never heeding hunger or weariness, only conscious of the lapse of time and the absent woman. Would her plan fail? Nine o'clock at last and still she did not come, and toe ship was to sail at four. Ten o'clock dragged hut wearily to the feverish girl waiting for a woman whose hours were always unoertain. Heaven only knew ; probably she would not come in until morning, and then it would be for ever too late. Half-past ten. , There was the sound of merry voices in the hall and footstepe upon the landing. Opening toe door Ruby looked out, and saw a lodger on toe floor above coming in with a companion, but no Miss Mend Dick. "Have yon seen Miss Mand Dick this even ing ?" she asked, and the lodger stopped, hold ing on to toe balustrade while she replied : 44 Certainly. lust left her a second ago getting full at — 's on Sixth Avenue," aha said, laughing loudly. And then her companion helped her up the next flight of stairs to her apartment. Leaving a message for Miss Maud Dick, in event that she should miss her, Ruby went hurrying on breathlessly to the resort where she was told she would mod toe girl. Thankfully she saw her sitting at the table, drinking carelessly and laughing loudly wito a man whose birth and standing were only re markable from the elegance of his wearing apparel. Dropping in a chair at toe same table, Ruby, for the first time in her life, ordered a whisky cocktail. Anxiety, impatience, ani hanger had nearly exhausted her. 44 Maud, the gentleman with you will rarely excuse me for taking you away, and you for going, when I tell you something very serious has occurred and your presence is necessary at once," Ruby said steadily. 44 Good gracious ! What's up ?" Miss Maud Dick cried, thoroughly frightened at Ruby's manner. 44 Aw, your friend only wishes to take you away from me," the idiot by her ride said. 44 Oh ! don't frighten me to death ! Tell me what it is !" Miss Mand Dick cried. 44 It is impossible. I cannot here," Ruby re plied. 44 Don't mind her ; she only wants to get you away from me," the idiot repeated. 44 1 won't go unless you tell—" began Miss Maud Dick. Ruby rose stiffly from her chair, laying down the change for her drink, and said impas sively : — 44 Probably that man will have less desire to keep yon, and you will regret yon did not let me save you when an officer come3 in to arrest you." Miss Maud Dick screamed, her companion muttered something about not letting biro detain her, end Ruby added coldly : — 44 Ed sent me to save you." Miss Maud Dick began to cry and went forth wito Baby, never thinking to bid htr companion good-night. He had good reasons for not being drawn into any publicity, so with relief he saw her go. 44 Maud, do you want to marry Ed Dia mond ?" Ruby asked as they reached Miss Diet's domicile. 44 Why, certainly. I'm sick to death of all this," she sobbingly answered, referring to her way of life. 44 Then go in and pack your weariDg-apparel in your trunk. Have your wits aboutyou. Ed sent me to bring you to him. TTiw father is trying to get him awav from you. Doa't say a word to a living soul, but get ready to leave at once while I go for a carriage. I am to take you to Ed. Now use all haste. Don't admit any one ; Fll give three knocks when I return." Being in a secluded ride street, it was im possible to find a carriage at that hoar of toe night without going to a more prominent thoroughfare. Ruby finding no carriages, went quite a distance from Miss Dick's, when some one took her by the arm ana turned her face about. It was Lionel Dangerfield, the millionaire detective. CHAPTER XXVI. — A CLEVEB THICK IS A Tight Peace. 44 Oh, it's you, is it ?" Ruby said, startled, for Danger was the last person on earth she wished to see at this especial time. 44 What are you doing out alone at this hour ?" he asked tenderly and solicitously. 44 You must not ask questions," she replied evasively. 44 You know my standing rule is not to tell anything about cay patients. 44 Are you on your way home p' he asked. 44 Yes, after I send something back to my poor friend," Ruby responded. 44 How is the case developing ?" she added, hoping to turn the conversation. 44 Beautifully— beautifully," was the cheerful reply. 44 Oh,' gasped Ruby, a tittle stunned at this disclosure. 44 Then you have caught the thieves P" questioningly. 44 So near that they are just as good as caught," was the oonfident reply.' 44 Won't you trust me— won't you tell me who they are ? You know how interested I am in the case, and how willing I was to help you," Ruby coaxed tenderly. 44 1 trust you, child— I would trust you with my life," he answered stoutly. 'Whatman would not trust the woman he loves? 44 One of toe thieves was Admiral Great, the most cunning and clever rogue in the world. Madame Dillon, the stenographer, was toe woman in the case, and I hope by to morrow night to have Great behind the bars and then it is only a question of hoars until I get Dillon ana burglar number three." 44 1 have promised her dear old father— I will save her at any cost," Ruby thought. 44 1 eau't let all this troublesome on him." 44 So you no longer suspect the girl with a ring on her thumb and the son of her em ployer ?" she asked. 44 The girl, yes, toe son, no," he answered. 44 You know I have been working a little on this case myself. I am sure lffiai Dillon is innocent. My suspicions rest elsewhere, as you may know by the company I have kent of , late," Ruby explained carefullv. 44 Do you suspect Ed Diamond?" Dancer asked bluntly, 44 1 would not dare aay so since you do not," she answered evaaivdy. 44 By the way, did you know he leaves for Europe at four o'clock in the morning ?" she inquired casually. 44No. When did he decide to go ?" Dancer asked in surprise. 4 Suddenly, this afternoon. I believe. Rai'lg on the Augusta Victoria, Miss Maud Dick goes a week later, I understand All on the quiet, j on know, so phase don't betray my confidence. Miss Mand is going over to b:d him farewell In the early morning. If I toe power Oh, what does it matter, you arc working this," . 44 Do you suspectthem ?'» Danger asked. 44 Well, how do you think this thing looks ?" she asked in turn. 14 Very suspicious," 44 Yes P" 14 1 fancy it wonld not hurt to get a warrant and detain them for a while," Ee said. 44 My idea exactly. Only you see I have no power to act," she said, joyfully. 44 1 cannot take you home, Ruby. I am going to headquarters to see what is to be done about this." Ruby was only too happy to be freed, and with a few more words they parted. When she had engaged a carriage and ex plained to Die driver what was expected of him. she returned to find that Miss Mand Dick had made good use of her time and was about . ready to take her departure. Her worldly effaots oouristod almost entirely of jewellery and gaudy clothes which had been transferred from the closet to the trunks in little time. Photographs of actresses and of male friends had been the chief objects in her tittle haze rooms, but they had been torn from too walla and mantel and tumbled pell-mell into the trunk. All that was left was the bed «nd a. few shabby chairs. The driver carried the trunks down and put them on the box, one on top the other, sitting ' on the topmost one himself. The two girls g it in and off they went. It was twelve o'clock now, and there re- remained yet much to do, which was un folded to 'Miss Maud Diok while they drove along as it had been to Ed Diamond tout afternoon. They went across the ferry to toe Biases pier, and after leaving Miss Maud Dick's trunks in the hands of the porters, drove to a quiet house near by where a law-abiding citisea was aroused, and an explanation made to him which proved thoroughly satisfactory, A few inquires were made, and thai toe two girls drove down to another pier where the driver got down and disappeared along the dock, returning later with a man who bar gained with the girls and at last Left them to go on their way rejoicing. 44 Everything goes well, Maud, if Ed only acts out his part," Ruby said, wito satisfac tion. 44 Never fear about Ed. It's do well or lees me, and 1 know which that will be," she laughed tightly. Back again they went to the Breoea peer. All was confusion and hurry now. Porters were flying about with baggage mud freight, carriages laden with people and trunks were arriving, but our two acquaintances re mained in their carriage, which stopped near the entrance of toe pier, watching the arrivals carefully, and not without a certain silent un easiness. The fine old ship lay still and motionless. Only toe people moving in and about her decks and running up and down the gang plank offered any evidence of the fact thai the would soon be upon the swelling ocean. Presently there arrived a private family carriage with jingling silver harness on the horses, and a crest upon the panels of Ike doors. A gloved hand held carelessly through the open door a whi te'hand kerchief. The girls saw it and their hearts gave a glad throb. The family carriage started down the pier, the girls signaled their driver, who jerked up his horses and snooseded in bringing them alongside the other carriages. Taere being — as is always the esse — some thing in the way, the driver of the private coach had to slow up a bit, not however oaming to a decided standstill. The moment this occurred the door opened and Ed Diamond, in a light traveling waster and cap, stepped out and swung toe door shut after him. It was but one step aud he was in the carriage with toe girls. Without speaking a word he sunk down en the floor of toe carriage at their feet, and. Ruby hastily covered him with a lap-robe. None too soon, however, for the coach in advance came to a standstill, and an excited old man, accompanied by a young one, got out, and looking anxiously about, began to question the driver, and at last turned to the porters about. But no one had noticed a young man ih light cloth coat and cap get out of that par ticular carriage ; and as for that, several in- dividasis in tight doth coats and caps had been noticed that evening, and they all went on the ship. It was all well enough to search around, but who would dare to search for a young man in i carriage containing two veiled women ? Or who wonld even think of the young man being in such near quarters ? Sorely none of toe people moat interested in this special young man's welfare. Then the last tiling left for the two men was to go on board and search there for their missing charge. Ruby Sharpe got out of the carriage and It drove away with toe one girl, unmolested. Ruby, going toward toe ship, saw at the foot of the gang-plank the millionaire detective. 44 Why, what brings you here 1" she aeked cheerfully. 44 1 might ask the same thing of you," he answered, smiling, pleased to see her. 44 Oh, I had an engagement with Miss Mand Dick to come over to see our friend off. but she got impatient and started in advance. Hare yoc seen them F" 44 No. Diamond's father just went on, and when I asked for Ed he said he was somewhere about probably seeing after his traps," Dangei said. He and Ruby stood there talking on in differ, ent subjects for quite a time ; still Ed Diamond did not appear. A half, and then three-quarters of an hoei went by, and Diamond has not yet put in ai appearance. Danger began to get uneasy. You remain here, and I will go on hoard one look for our friends. They may have arrived before you." Ruby Sharpe said. Hardly had she left when a meMeneei , arrived. He went on board the ship, and after Ruby Sharpe returned to Danger to report the non- success of her search, he came down the gang plank and spoke to toe ship officer standing there. The offiosr looked at a note the boy earned, and then approaching Ruby, touched his hat, asking if her name was Sharpe. At her reply he motioned to Che boy, and thai resumed his stand. The boy had a note which he was told tt deliver to Miss Ruby Sharpe, who would b« waiting at toe ship for some friends. Hastily tearing the note open Ruby read it, then turning calmly to the millionaire detective, she mid quietly : 4',They have eloped !" (TO iiE OOXTINTEIX) 