THE DEATH OF THE QUEENSLAND ALLIGATOR. Having satisfied themselves that the North Queensland alligator was dead, the Melbourne Exhibition authorities set to work (says the Evening Standard) to satisfy themselves as to the cause of it. Before anything further was done they sent out an attendant with a tar brush to efface the misleading announcement on the board outside, which told the public that the monster was " still alive." During its life it was hard to understand how the trustees reconciled their consciences with the huge coloured presentment of the alligator on the hoarding in front, which represented the poor creature as some 30ft. in length, with circum ference proportionately ridiculous, and a gaping mouth large enough to swallow at a single bite the blackfellow delineated on the canvas as makinggoodbis escape. The carcass was carried out into the open and placed on an improvised shutter. It took nearly a score of men to carry it, its weight being something like 30 cwt. Mr. Sherrard had engaged the services of Mr. A. Coles, taxidermist, who announces himself as an expert in all branches of natural history, to make the post- mortem, and skin the monster, with a view to preserving the skeleton for posthumous show purposes. The expert and his assistants set to work with knives specially prepared for the occasion. They commenced at the tail and worked towards the head, For a while their task was rather difficult, the knives requiring frequent application to the stone, but when the body proper was reached the thick scaley hide peeled off quite easily. It was thought that owing to its supposed great age it would defy all the efforts of the taxidermist, but general surprise was expressed when it was noticed that not only was the body well nourished," as the doctors Bay, but the flesh was as white and tender as the finest veal. Mr. Coles took off several nice thin slices, and placed them in a dish. "What will you do with that ?" we . inquired. " Cook it, of course," said the artist. Why, bless you, it's as tender as spring chicken." Fillet of crocodile may he all very good in its way, but we should say it was an " acquired taste." When the operators came to the head the skin was difficult to remove ; but in the long run it all came off without a flaw, and when properly treated it will make a really fine exhibit. The examination of the gullet was attended with some inter st. It was found to contain a small piece of paper, which proved to be portion of the " Guide to the Aquarium," in which the deceased captive is the subject of a little pleasant fiction on the part of the trustees. Its age is given, together with certain "facts" of its career. These the public have swallowed for some months, but they appear to have killed the alligator. When it read that its years ran into centuries, and that it was a contemporary of Captain Cook's, and witnessed the landing of Sir Henry Parkes, not to speak of the many libels told of its early days in Northern Queensland, it gave up the ghost. , 