Gtetteral Von Moltke, And the volleying cannon thunder -Ms loss ; He knew their-roices of old. For man j a time in many a clime His captain's ear has heard them boom, Bellowinsr victory, bellowing doom. General von Moltke, Chief Marshal of the German Empire, the greatest waniorof the latter part of the nineteenth century, the man who may be almost called the irrrentor of modern scientific warfare, has gone to his grave at an, age far beyond the usual span, of human life. ' He was a sol dier fit to stand by Cesar and give direc tion,' and. yet had nothing about him. similar to the other great military heroes of history ; none of the theatrical arts and personal magnetism of the great Napoleon, or the dash and rough gallantry of old Blucheb, who must have been Prussia's idol in Mouse's early days. Ho was far as the poles asunder from the intriguing and eelf-seeking of the great Duke of Mahlbokottgb:, less given to anything like personal display than even the Duke of WEtucNG-TOif. He can. possibly be best described, without attempt to compare him with any rival, as a passionless personifi-. cation of fate, uninfluenced by fear or favor, sitting quietly in the General Stan: office in Berlin, or at the headquarters of an army, spinning in silence and secresy the threads destined to enmesh hostile hosts and draw empires to their ruin. But for his uniform he looked far more like a professor than the ideal general. He was in appear ance far less like a general than his half-civilian colleague, Prince BisiiAHCE ; in ' fact, Europe's chief professor- of , destruction, working rigorously hy system, caring little for honors, wealth, or rewards, and having only one passion — the safety and greatness of J?russia first, and of Germany afterward. To secure those ends he never regarded the blood , of thousands or the tears of millions; but what he did, he did, it seems rather strange to say, in all piety and humility, and with the full belief that he was in the right. In every relation of life he was, where his great prin ciple of action was untouched, a singularly modest, unassuming and amiable man. But Prussia and Prussia's military greatness were his earthly gods, nay, more, they were, according to him, the peculiar care of heaven, and against their enemies he was as stern and inflexible as were the Puritans of old against ' the ungodly.' Ever since the close of the Franco German war those interested in the history of ' -what might have been,' and the more profitable study of what may be, have busied themselves in speculating as to what would have happened had Von Moltke, instead of having to fight against a degen erate travesty of the first Empire, encoun tered something more of the old sterling stamp ; somebody who set established rules at . defiance, as the Austrian veteran of the story complained young Bonapabte did in dragging cannon over mountains and fighting battles in the depth of winter. It has been said, too, that Moltke's scheme for the invasion of France in 1870 was largely a plagiarism of old Napoleon's advance on Belgium, which opened bo brilliantly in 1815. Theee. speculations, however, are of no advantage. If the plan of the advance to Metz and Sedan was really on known lines it ought to have been possible for the French to have operated against it, also following precedent. The fact, how ever, remains that there was really no great French general to oppose the German host. Of more interest than any reflection on the past is the inquiry — will Moltke's great fighting machine last in working order or will it collapse after his death as did, at Jena, the equally vaunted system founded by Fbedebick the Great. It would appear that theMoLTEEplao. has more chance of useful life than other military traditions have had, because the Marshal concerned himself largely with the training of successors. That was the point on which Moltke's administration of the army staff excelled Bismabck's administra tion of the State. The staff! was not a one manpower. Its whole system looked xor ward to the day when the one man would be gone beyond recall, and work would have to proceed without him. As far as Von Moltke had to do with the general, as apart from the strictly military, policy -of his country, his influence was a dangerous one. Nourished on the memory of Napoleonic conquest and spoliation in Germany, he insisted, when Germany's turn came, that she should annex a militarily perfect frontier j for the future trust solely for her protection to her line of fortresses j and make no effort by granting easy terms to secure French goodwill. If his views as to the implacable antipathy of French to Ger mans, and as to the insatiable ambition of every French Government, were right his recommendations as to a liiio of de fence including Alsace and Lorraine with Metz and Strssbnrg were right also. On a question of pure strategy no one living can presume to differ from him. If his views of French character and his forecasts of French power to avenge . i& future what is felt as a. wrong were less trustworthy than his purely professional opinions ; if, failing any territorial mutilation, Fxaace might have allowed Sedan to drop out of mind as nearly as she has allowed Waterloo, the great strategist has bequeathed to his country an un necessary legacy of hate and per petual cause of fear. Germany is weighed down by her immense army, the cost of which furnishes a text for the Social Democrats, who -are more dangerous to the Imperial family than are foreign iloes. How much of that cost is necessitated by the annexation of Alsace-Lorraine, and was that annexation unavoidable ? That is the question that Germans, especially of jthe ruling' class, have* to ' answer before they 'decide how for they are indebted to General von Moltke. 1 ? The Tebelfl in Chili bid fair to win. They -will then, of course, be nailed as patriots and saviours «f 4fcB$r country, it Is perhaps a brutal «nd1 cynical theory 'that might is in most cases asso- - ciated mth right r but at .any rate, as far as South American republics are concerned, it has to be acceptejpL -without many qualifications. Pro bably the very worst thing irhich ecfnld happen m Chili would be a compromise between the' two hostile parties. Should one or the other of them get thoroughly beaten, the country may have some' chance of recovering itself. A. half j victory, on either side will only mean the beginning of that chaotic state of things which has been bo common in the sister states^ but of which, till very lately, Chili did not seem to be in any serious danger. She used to be re garded as the, one really encouraging example of republicanism in the old Spanish colonies of the western continent. The ghost scenes in the ' Corsican Brothers '' were so ingeniously contrived on Saturday night, that when Mr.Eignold, in answer to loud calls, showed himself in front it was for a moment ^difficult *to tell which «£ , the 'twins' it was, ^whether the live one or the apparition. It reminded one of a character in the old farce of 'The Apprentice/' He has to play Ghost, and he asks whether he is to bow to the audience. The reply is, ' If you are the ghost of a gentleman, why certainly.' The Opium Conference held on Sunday in the Centenary Hall dealt with an evil r the existence of which cannot be considered as other than a' reproach to oiir legislature. To be sure we do not, as our English cousins did, recommend opium to the Chinaman with the assistance of such persuasives as bullet and bayonet. But at any rate our commercial regulations have afforded him every facility for poisoning himself with that drug. Yet the per nicious habit, which is thus virtually pandered to and encouraged, furnishes a stock subject for some of our would-be men of light and leading when inveighing against Chinese vices. As matters stand there is certainly a little of the hypocrisy as well as 'the mocfeery of hell' in such denun ciations of the 'celestial' strangers within our gates. 