I POLICE . !?« nc" !nK:wu»fi,otoi.i,i /attsj? BS«fte'lSlSfflBS3 I'rorn tho uvhlunra of Hindi nmrwati ....'. " P' - int 1 ' ,Tpi!ar,','l1tlml lli »>"» w««t (IS ore OMT, .? ilav mottling without iravo, mid tni, i rilm, lufimuil to " turn to." Tito aoainon ii, hohtJ i ' IR ollonoo, lull In JiMllllcallon onld tho ciintntii rafnJ 1 toglvo thoin inonoy. Mill would not nffoty thom for their dofonco. Mr. O'Monni rettmrkod til f tlioug it tlia citptnlu aotoil luiralily In dralinm.,0 giro tho 111011 inonoy which wns duo to thorn tow cure profowlorm.1 nmlstnnco, iui thoy weraldnrJi . Tito luniont puulahmont would li nnnnlod of 24 houra' hnprlsonmont, ami tho mm o! forrnlt 0110 ilny'a my. lo A ClMKUH OP SMUOOI.1NO.— A young mnn nnm-.i aoorRo do l'ttry was nrroatoil on Tuesday hurt railway itler, l'ort Melbourne, by a Custom nm named I'.Tyroll, 01. suspicion of hay|nE ZimsS iSS) idl'l 11 po"so?a.ion' o0" l,ol"K """fehed aSdu! ZOUO (.iRarcttea and two alitor watches tallied at Pin wore found 111 his pocltots. Tho articles hail iS? brought ashore from tho Trench mail steamer rSl ncslon, 011 which tho accuaod was a passonoor to accused was taken to the police station anil siiolti afterward. bailed out On tho case boing railed »y at the I ort Mulbourno court yestorilay. Tide-til..,,?,!1 or.f- 1>;'b»m»ond stated Ii5 tal lSn SSS by tho Minister to withdraw tho caso. Thocaao w»i accordingly struck out . wa» Villi JIkautv Snow. — Th t ghost of tho l«i. b iauty show wns laid at til- District Court vJi„. lav, wlren Krnost Olnss and Henry Isaacs tliT„ Pimm; ;vor?, "barged under section 2S2 of tu Health Act with ; opening a place for public aiiiu.« lnont without a liconce. Tho olFonco wasadinlfin,! niiil Mr. Stephen, for tho prosecution, urged Unit llm beauty show, at which there was no bciuty disgraceful affair, and tliat tlioro had heun >S dangor of loss of life occurring through tho nso li kcrosonp lamps ns an illiiinluatlng power so tl»! a light linn would not moot tho a«o Affer somJ deliberation . tvas decided to lino tho d"f".K frasts fr 11,0 dy 0,Punl"fr. asd LiCKNsiNn Act PnosECUTioN.— Cliarlos 11 t>.„. tor, lleonsoo of the Tiro Brigade Iiotel, A'BoX." street, had nntiiinir to say why ho tthntiiii » t » flaod for having 1,1, ba/ doOT ifnlockml on 27m Ropteinbor, ami wag lined £5. Tho banuun © Ham Casey, was In a Hfiiillar plight fordo&viSi; admittance to tho polico, and ho was fined £2. 3 olsluticd Watml— Howard Tonkin nf m Royal nighlandur Hotel, Flinders-street hit! aggrlpvod yuatorday becnuso ho was lined l6s if tho District Court for pumping tho wator from lu collar .into tlio gutter, said water having an il l smell. lip said the water percolated to his rali«i frpm the 1 Yarra, and ho could not help it bnthnlml ndinonishod to into rioodnnuifa. thewas lost his Tickkt.— a irrenfc deal nf t?«,„ taken up at the District Court yesterday ovor assault case, in which Aloxamlor Pike, a mil,! nortor, was complainMit, and Daniel sir,., lnitehor, was defendant. Sloane lost Ida raib4 ticket and tnod to leave tho station but M"0"" ?f leano's restorod thouji Ing ticket, Imt the porter deeming It a ruse to Th. cumvont liirn doclined to let him through h0nco a clinch, a Hcuflle, a fall and soma injuries m il porter. The witnesses all disagreed "s to tlm th Uirair' 80 "'o bouch ugrocd to oil ft case of matrimonial infelicity, a wonun named .lane Jose having smmnonodfier husbS John Jose, an unginu driver, for tho nmiutoSr.! of horseif and child, for which sho claiinud 30s «i«p week The complainant's story was tlmthShmi band bad brutally llltrontod her, in consc,mm,cof which sho was compelled to return to hor parenl » 40/S,. n ,leu'0 wy nascrtlon of his wife and attributed tho unpleasant state of affairs to n !! )i ? ,S »0Illi>0rr "onch ,nn(1 nn order aguiint lie dofomfant for tho payment of 30s. per \Sl- lowards tho mainlonance of his wife and eliild, with 1\. f '..»c.0StaV ftl,( . to »o Huroty of £50 for tlio duo fulfilment of tho order. Divorco court proceed, ings aro threatoneil. proceou. 