The Factory Girl. [COMMENCED nr THE " TOWN AND COUNTRY JOUBKAL " OP MAT 16.] " Oh, come, come, the connection, as you call it. is a most profitable one for you. Only, I am not inclined to be treated so rascally, except where I can't help it. Now, in this affair I can help it, and I will. I'll goto Dr. Knox, and deal with him personally. From what I saw and heard of him through the - keyhole, I rather "like him. He doesn't seem to be a sneaking, double-faced- ahem--just one of your sort, Shume." /. " You are very plain, captain." " Very---just as plain as you are deceit« ful." : . " And so you mean to go to Dr. Knox.'? " I do. So yon need not concern your self further in the matter." " Well, as you please." í " Good night, Mr. Shuffle. Don't forget to be in the court to-morrow. I say, only think what I have made by listening at the key-hole-the large sum of £9, and £4 10s for all future «subjects.' Ha,, ha I Goodnight." ó And, throwing his doak about him, the captain left the sanctum, and bocame' Mr. Grindley once more. " Curse him 1" muttered Shuffle, who, the moment he was gone, sprang from his seat and hurriedly paced the apartment. " Who'd have thought this unlucky chance would have happened P Have a care, cap tain-have a care. There is such a thing as a halter, and a hand to pull it, and if you and your gang were less advan tageous to us, that hand might very speedily be got." , Very few in number were they who, on the following ; day attended little Willie to his last narrow home in the necrópolis. Hugh could hot, of course, go, and it was thought dangerous for Mr, Hay to show himself on the street. But Billy got some of his neighbors and several of his fellow actors to follow the little coffin, and help to carry it-it was not heavy-to the place of tombs. Mr. Glanworth acted as chief mourner. Hè had, indeed, with praiseworthy gene rosity, insisted on defraying the funeral expenses, and the coffin that had been made was decent and respectable. It was a beautiful day in early spring, and a soft, balmy freshness filled the atmosphere. Light fleecy clouds sailed in the sky, and the sunshine slanted on the trees and the windows. Slowly and un noticed the little procession made its way among the vehicles that hurried to an fro, and at last the grey walls of the Cathedral became visible. They entered the iron gates, and went along the bridge that led to the Necropolis, andover against them rose the slope, crowded with graves and monuments. Ver jr grand and imposmg is that; hill side called the Necropolis, viewed, iif any direction from the south. We question if such another cemetery is to be found in the World, or if such a view of the kind is to be met with in any other'place. From the bottom of the ravine it rises steeply, abruptly, for several hundred feet, till.it shuts out all the country beyond, and has . för its only background the blue sky.' And the bosom of that extensive slope is crowded with terraces of graves, over, almost every one of which is a slab or a monument. Most impressive is the sight of these clustering ornamental stones on a bright day, when the air is olear, and the sunshine falls upon them. Their numbers, their diversified height and shape, their varied colors, for the whitest marble to the darkest granite, unite to make the spectacle one of some thing more than beauty. There they rise, onè above the other, in thick succession domes, pillars, busts, columns, figures, all standing out against each other, till the slope is crowned by a line of them, every outline of which is minutely discernible against the sky. And there, the brightest and most imposing of all, is the figure of the mighty Scottish reformer, John Knox \--that bold, fearless, and successful de fender of Scotland's liberty. But apart from the mere outward appearance of the slope, the effect is heightened by associa tion. Those innumerable erections are all in memory of the dead. Friendship and affeotion have placed them there. They are expressions of some of the finest and best feelings of humanity. Each one crowns or covers a grave ; it stands as a memorial of the dead j it is a proof of the love and Borrow of the living. Solemnly significant are these monumental atones. They contain the greater portion of ¿he record of a citVe bereavement. Most I " .. of them "were put up amid sorrow and tears, and all are meant as a remembrance of, a ¡ tribute to the sleeping ashes below. They represent all degrees of affection, all shades of sorrow, and have a peculiar connection i with the sunken, shrouded city that liée beneath. They tell many a mournful'and many a beautiful tale-of bright hopes suddenly quenched, of suns set ere it is night, of the sudden snapping of holy ties, of the lacerating of loving hearts, of the falling of shocks of corn fully ripe. They tell of faith, and trust, and confidence, both in God and in the future-of patience, of resignation, and calm, peaceful tranquility. Go and walk amongst them, and to the ear and eye of sense there may be silence and dreary'de solation, but to the mental . and spiritual organs, that teeming Necropolis, with its forest of tombstones, is full of all kinds of voices, teaching many lessons, and many truths-voices loud and low, soft as the.breeze of evening, and sounding as the mighty sea, sad and wailing as a dirge, and grand and triumphant as a psalm of praise swelling through cathedral aisles, wild and weird with tones of despair, and transporting, with- anticipations of glory. No place so, populated with thought,' sug gestion, and " instruction, as that spot, which contains . many. generations of a' city's dust. ; .. . They carried Willie, by a winding path way, past many splendid aisles and mar ble tablés, to a corner where were many unmarked graves, and in this quiet, humble spot they laid him. The earth fallipg on the coffin - lid sounded harsh,- and then duller and duller, till, finally, the turf was laid neat and'smooth over all. At a little ; distance stood a light figure, whom no one noticed, but who was closely wntching the burial-; and when the attend I ants were gone, the figure moved quietly down from the elevation on which it stood, and took a minute note of the place where the grave was, and the position it occupied in regard to those near it; Mr. Clanworth accompanied Billy back to the Corner, for Hugh had asked him to come, that he might hear how the last sad rites had been paid to tho little orphan outcast, now orphan no longer, but happy and joyful in the home of his Father's love. * Weel, weel, that's the end o' puir Wullie, said Hugh, wiping away a tear that was stealing down his cheek. .:" He's gone, and there's hardly onything tae show that he ance had been." " This is all the memorial that we have of him," observed Sal," taking up the ribbon!with the china ornameut attached. Hardly had Mr. Clanworth's eye fallen on the latter object, than he started up. and, clutching,¿1$ wildly from her hand, looked at it with intense eagerness. " Quid gracious! what's the matter, sir?" asked Hugh, who, with the others; was re garding him with astonishment. - ' . " It is-it is. 0, merciful heaven, it is!" exclaimed the minister. " Where, tell me where you got this ?" *' Willie has always worn it- about his neck," replied Sal, to whom the question was more particularly addressed.: " Oh ! a light : breaks in upon me.¡:'This boy-he was an orphan you say. Who were his parents ?" ' ' - - " That is more than we cari <tell ; -and when we called him. an orphan, it was not because we had proof of the fact, but be cause we never had any clue to his birth or parentage. But you seem- strangely moved. Does that little ornament lead-you to suspect or guess anything ?" " It does-it does. It-it has always been about Willie's neck. Then he is my brother's child--t^e child which so unac countably disappeared when ànjûrifant, and of whom no trace could ever be had. Tell me-for mercy's sake, tell me-all you know about Willie ? Willie; too-the very name. Mine, also-he was named after me. Ohl quick, tell me all you know?" These words threw the party into a state of excitement as great almost as that of Mr. Clan worth himself. Hugh had started up, and lay on his elbow, looking with intense expectation alternately at the minister and Sal ; while Billy and his wife, and Mr. Hay had also started forward, and were eagerly examining the China ornament which Mr. Clanworth held tightly in his hand. Sal hesitated when the minister put his question so urgently, for she foresaw that her past history and de gradation would be disclosed ; bnt her hesitation continued only for a minute or two. The importance of the result far i outweighed her own private feelings, and she resolved to narrate what was necessary to be known. . Mr. and Mrs. Barton, and the novelist judging that their presence would be fel annoying, were quietly leaving the room but Sal prevented them. " Do not go," she said, " I have that t< tell which may suffuse my cheek witl shame-but from you, I know, I shal I receive sympathy rather than condom nation.'* Thus requested they stood, and Sal without minutely relating her connectioi with, and betrayal by, Dexter, or hinting a the true relationship of Lucy, gav< her hearers to understand that stu bad been seduced and basely for saken ; that, in her extremity, sh( had allowed herself to be lured into tb( haunt of the gang of the Tontine Close Where she had remained for a long time and knew how Begging Jessie had broughl Willie in one day, when quite an infant and ref used to say where or how she hac got him, or whether he had any relations. "The time--can you tell me the time when this was?" cried Mr. Glanworth, with breathless eagerness. j Sal paused to reflect, and, in the silence, the short, quick breathing of the agitated minister could be heard, while he stood irith fixed eyes piercing her countenance as if he would know her answer eré her tongue uttered it. "It must be near twelve years ago. It was the winter time. . I think the month of November." , " It is-it must be so l " gasped Mr. Clanworth. " One thing crowds in upon I another to show that Willie was indeed the long lost child of my brother. Oh!' in scrutable are the ways of Providence. For 12 years my brother has mourned for his boy, and would not be comforted. And doubly was he bereaved, for the Bhook caused to his young wife by the loss of her babe was too much for her to bear, and she, too, was taken from him. But let me be a little more minute. He is my, only brother, some years older than me, and the possessor of our father's estate-my por tion as younger son, consisting of a.sum bf money which enables me to devote my time to visiting the poor, and also of sup plying a few of the many wants which daily come before me, my own surplus being liberally augmented by my brother's generosity., I was never married"-^and here Mr. Clanworth sighed, for the words opened an old wound which time' had hot fully healed " My brother, however, married early in life, and had one son a fiery, impetuous boy, who could not brook his father's control, and finally abandoned his childhood's home, never being more beard of. His gentle mother, had she lived, might have restrained him and kept him at home, for her influencé over him was great $ but she died, and having now no one to stand bétween, his hot, high spirited youth, and the stern, unyielding will of his father, he forsook his home, and probably died through dissipation. My brother urged me to marry, in order, as he said, that the estate might have an heir j but the memory of an old grief prevented' me, and I told him that this might no.t be. At length he married again, and a boy was born unto him. How his heart was bound up in the babe. Perhaps God saw fit to chastise bim for his idolatry by removing tke idol from his sight. The family came to Glasgow to spend the winter, and one day, the nurse, having taken out the child, returned distracted, saying she had lost it .-how she could hardly say. The only coherent account she could give was that, whilo looking into a milliner's window in Buchanan-street, the child had left her ere she knew, and when she sought him he could not be found. He wore round his neck that china ornament. I know it well. It was mine, and I put it where it always remained ; and by it to-day I am enabled to trace my own nephew in the little one whose path to the tomb, thank God, we have been the means of brightening. My poor brother I How rejoiced and yet how grieved will he be when he learns the tidings-rejoiced, because his end was so peaceful and happy, but grieved because he was not present to see him and caress' him. But I must go down. to Wellfield, where he now resides, having bought that estate a few years ago. I must ' go and tell him all, and be assured I shall not fail to inform him how Willie was tended and guarded by you. Good-bye. I must go now, but you will see or hear from me in a few days." Mr. Glanworth hurriedly shook hands with them all, and .departed, leaving them full of wonder. He carried with him th, circular China ornament. «' The like o' that," ejaculated Hugh, a they remained silently gazing at om another. " Puir Wullie I He has misset his faither on earth, hut he has gane tae i better Faither in heaven." The day on which Willie was buriec was, as we have said, a bright, balmy daj in early spring, but, as frequently happent at that season of the year, a sudden chang« took place ere night. The Bky, so cleai and serene, became overcast a little before sunset, and gusts of a sharp, cold wind came at intervals along the street, with a quick, rustling sound, which was first heard in the distance, then it struck chilly against the form, and passed on with the sound ol a distinct motion, till it' died away. AE the twilight deepened, these gusts grew stronger and more frequent, whilo banks of black clouds rose in the north, and out ot .them came fitfully, and borne on the im pulsive wind, large, snowflakes, which clung tenaciously fco.the objects on which they chanced to fall. . Intense darkness now came quickly on, for the gloomy clouds scudded swiftly up from the horizon, till they o'erspread the sky, and filled the air with dense black masses. As they rushed along, the wind increased in fury, and finally brought with it millions of flying flakes, which flew madly along the streets, and soon coated the lamp-posts and passengers with patches of white/ How the flying flakes whirled into the entries, and doorways, and close mouths, and flew against the window panes, till the gaslight, shining from within, was obscured, and the articles ex hibited were made indistinct and almost invisible, Out from the .dense, over hanging clouds they came, till they rushed along the streets, as it were, white waves, faintly discernible by the nickering light from the lamps. It was a "dismal, dreary sight, for soon the pedestrian s became few, and the vehioles vanished, and many of the lamps went out, ,and the shive'ring forms of half-clad beggars crept into the dark doorways, or huddled in twos and threes under the arches, where they were still exposed to the piercing wind, and where not a few of the large flat flakes reached them. When the storm was raging in all its fury, three men ami a boy issued from a close near the. foot of the High-street, and, facing the blast, began to take their way up that ancient thoroughfare..' " My eyes, Bill, wbat. a night," muttered the foremost, as he half-concealed a spade below his arm,-and bent his head against the blinding snowflakes. " Blest if ever I saw its match," said the second, who.had been thus addressed, as he also tried to shield his. face from the severity of the night. ''V. ' " All the better for our jobi," growled the third, in the., -gruffest and deepest of voices. " Nobody will be moving about to annoy us." "Aye, but you must mind that we have not such a coat of fat to keep the cold out as you have," remarked Bill. " It's devilish easy for you to roll along in the face of . that flying ice,: when your bones are pro tected by six inches of stiff grease. What say you, Tip ?" ' . "I believe you, my boy," sung put Little Tip, from lips that were turning blue, and through teeth already beginning to chatter, notwithstanding that he kept close in the wake of Heavy Ben, so that the broad hull of the latter might form for him a shield against the tempest. Ben grasped his spade with a furious grip, and strode on, never seeming to be any way annoyed by the gusts that every minute brought his companions almost to a standstill, but rather chuckled audibly when he saw the difficulty they had to make headway. Long before they came opposite the College, the front portion of their persons were entirely covered with snow. Even their hair and beards were clotted with it; and melted a little by > .their warmth, it was going off in crystal 'drops at the end of their noses. " I say, Bill, how d'ye feel now P" asked the Swaggerer, casting a look backward. "Well, I can't say, but I'have felt more comfortable," was the answer. " This here way of getting one's face washed is any thing but pleasant. How d'ye feel yourself?" " Much as if I'd like to be indoors. I hope this here business won't keep us long, for the brandy won't be long warm in our stomachs, and that is the only thing that is keeping us alive. .1 find my inside growing colder ever moment." Without a doubt it was terribly cold, 1 " '. " and people under more comfortable and warmer covering than Ben and his mates would grumble if out on such a night. " "Well, keep up your heart. Ben has. got a flask "with him. Haven't you, Ben P" " To be sure I have," replied the latter personage,.slapping his immense hand on that part of his shaggy coat which con tained a pocket. " I heard the wind howl ing in the close, and guessed we'd need a mouthful, to keep the cold out." "I'm blest but that's jolly," said the Swaggerer, with great satisfaction. " Let us bear up here, and have a pull at it." "Nay, not here," remonstrated Bill. " Wait till we get to the lee side of the high wall",'and we can swig a bit before Axing the ladder." " I say, I don't half like this job," whis pered the Swaggerer, who in truth had secret misgivings about it ever since he and his comrades had received the com mission, though he endeavored to conceal them hitherto. " I don't half like it," he continued. " I can face living flesh and blood with any man, but I've no notion of going among dead men and ghosts. What do you think, Bill ?" . ? Bill honestly confessed that he, too, would rather have wanted the job. " To break into a house," he remarked, " is quite in our way, but to break into a churchyard is a different matter. Ghosts can't be. shot or gagged,, and there's no saying what they might do to a fellow." "Bah! what are you frightened for? Ain't there four of us?" growled Ben, in a tone of contempt. " What's four mortals, against a legion of fiends, backed by the devil himself P" cried Bill, querulously. "What do you need to care for fiends ?" said Ben. " Flesh and blood might do us harm, but there's precious little fear of anybody bothering us on such a night as this." " I'd rather meet flesh and blood than spirits, though,'* muttered the Swaggerer, " and this is just a night for the latter to he abroad." ? They were now approaching the high wall which" enclosed the Necropolis, and, when they came close to it, were some what sheltered from the bitter wind and the drif ting snow. The latter had, indeed, decreased somewhat; It did not come down in such slanting sheets, and the sky to the north was fast lightening-- the blast was almost expended. They gathered into a group close to the wall, and Ben,. diving, his hand into the capacious pocket of his coat, brought out a large blaok flask, and putting it to his head, took a hearty pull. "Ha, that's the stuff," he remarked, smacking his lips with great satisfaction, \--and at the same time handing the vessel to the Swaggerer. " Drink at that, man, and you'll find your courage come back,". Bob needed no second invitation ; but lifting the flask to his lips, he held it there so long, and sucked so ardently, that Bill began to get alarmed for his share. " Hilloa l" he exclaimed, putting out his hand,." don't run it dry. I've got a heart to be.warmed as well-as you. Stop, I say. Nay, then, I shan't stand on ceremony." And with a jerk, he snatched it from Bob's head, and applied it to his own. " Leave a drop for me, Bill," exclaimed a faint voice, and Little Tip crept forward, shivering, and laid his hana on Bill's arm. ' ? v : " Oh, Tip, I'm blest if I minded on you," said Ben. . " You hear him,. Bill? Don't drain it, man, don't drain it. The boy has more need of it than any of us." " It's all very well you talking when yon have got your pull," remarked Bill, taking the flask from his mouth, neverthe less, and handing it -£o Tip, with a saga cious remark not quite original, about " the dregs failing to tte wicked." Tip drained the bottle, and declared him self satisfied. " Now, to work," quoth Ben. " Shall we go over at this part of the wall." Little Tip having.been appealed to as to the exact locality bf Willie's grave, it was deemed that the place at which they were was about the best, for getting into the Necropolis. There were no houses very near, and that part of the wall was a little lower than on either side of them. From another pocket, Ben produced a coil of ropes, with iron grap lings atone end, and the coil, when unwound, turned out to be a rope ladder, all complete. "Just you throw it up, will you?" he said, giving it to Bill, " and I'll go first, for I'm heaviest." Bill threw the rope many times before it would hold, but at «length it did catch on the other side, and Ben prepared to ascend, the others holding the ladder steady below. Slowly and with much difficulty Ben mounted to the top, and, getting himself astride on the copestone, looked deliberately" over among the tombs. " Devilish cold up there, Ben, isn't it P" said Bob. "Rather fancy it is," answered Ben, very composedly. " Oh, he doesn't feel it," remarked Bill. "A Greenland snowstorm wouldn't touch his heart. But I say,, Ben, do. you see anything in particular - anything in white?" , " Yes j I see ever so many things in white," replied Ben. "Bless my soul 1. and are they mov ing?" " No j they are pretty still just at pre sent. . " Ah, of course," faltered Bob. " They are waiting till we dget over, and then they'll play their cantrips. What size are they, Ben?" " All sizes," returred the latter, who still sat very composedly on the top of the wall. " But don't be. alarmed, the white things are only the, tombstones covered with snow." " Oh, he's larking us," said Bill, in a tone of reproach. " Hand me up my spade, and I'll jump," remarked Ben, reaching down his hand. Bob handed him up the article' men tioned. "Now," cried Ben j preparing to make his way down on the inside, " the last that comes mustn't forget to, draw up the ladder." -v., < " That's Little Tip's,business," remarked Bill. " Do you hear, Tip ?" "Let me alone for that," returned the sharp lad, whom the brandy had now warmed. . '. Ben, glanoing again up the slope among the monuments, made a spring, and came down on the with a force which made it shake on the other side. "He's felled," ejaculated Bob, looking at Bill in dismay. < "All right," was heard in a growl from the interior. " Come on quickly 1" . , With rapid steps Bill, ascended, but the moment his head rose above the wall, the keen wind struok him with a force that brought a most decided oath from his lips. It now bore no snow on its wings, but cut through the frosty air with a severity un paralleled-at least Bill thought he had never felt its match. : For a moment he held down his head and hesitated, but the next he boldly raised it again, and got upon the walli ? Ben had sat down, upon a Hat stone im mediately below, and/ with folded arms, was looking silently up at him. ..? - "I would advise you to Blow, y ourself down that wall," he remarked, " for its rather a hard jump." :, . Bill took his advice, and half-slid to the ground, where he alighted in safety. Bob' came over next, and - finally, [ Little Tip the latter fastening the rope oh the out side, as a ready way of exit when their \- task was done. " No w, my covey* show: us the. way," said Ben, rising and shouldering' his spade.-' .. ..'?.,-0 Little Tip' now took the lead, and guided them by winding paths towards the corner where Willie had been laid; In silence they went, for, now that they were fairly ,among the graves, they, felt the loneliness, of the place. Bob, who was last, kept close at the heels of the others, and was continually glancing from side to side, half-expecting, yet fearing to see some object moving among the stones, which were now ghostly enough in appearance themselves, with their shëets of snow. How melancholy the sound of the wind was, as it rushed through the open. space& between the pillars and columns, or soughed in iron-bounded aisles and vaults. It was like many weird voices whispering , together j in fact, Bob thought it strangely resembled a congregation of spirits con-, versing with each other, and he looked to see them moving about and coming to do them harm. But for the brandy, we are not sure that Bob would haye had courage enough to sustain him in the undertaking. Little Tip kept very close to Ben, and every how and then looked round to assure himself that the big form of his protector was at hand, should any of the strange tenants of the place chance to cross their path. Ben was the most unconscious of the four-neither the place, the hour, nor the object seemed to bave any influence on bis spirits, or to call up bis fears. Hej was of a most sluggish, ox-like nature, very slow in feeling-in fact, almost entirely, destitute of itr-and, if capable of receiving deep mental influence, such capa- : bility had never been tested. Brute passion alone had been aroused within him. At all times he was callous and, when roused, ferocious ; but he had not the merit'even of being influenced , by fear. His mind was too inert, his imagination too dull, his conscience and heart too dead to allow of theoperation of such an emotion within him. The brute, in short, had gained a far ascen dency over the man. After many windings they came into the rather secluded hollo w where was interred the body they had come to secure. "Without much difficulty, Little Tip pointed out the little mound covered by the fresh turf. " Sure that's it P". said Ben, as he laid down his spade, and cast off his coat. " Certain of it," answered Tip ; " I made my marks, and I know I am not mistaken." " Then, Bob, let us fire away." They carefully removed the turf, and piled -up it6 squares at . one end , of the grave;;^ then Ben going to the head, and Bob to the foot, they faced each other, and began with great vigor and animation to throw out spadefuls of earth upon the white snow .that lay around. \ . ?' The work was comparatively easy, for the clay, having been turned in only a few hours before, was quite loose,; and easily yielded to the spade, so that in a very little time they had dug down to the depth of several feet. Meanwhile the sky was again being rapidly obscured, and the stars blotted out one by one in the clear blue sky above. Another terrible blast was brewing in the north. Neither Ben nor his companions noticed this, for they were too eager and earnest in their task. Suddenly a dull sound was , heard in the bottom of the grave-Ben's« spade had struck upon the coffin.. " Gently, gently," whispered BilL, who stood on the brink of the cavity, holding the sack into whioh they meant to put the body. " Ben, come you out, and leave Bob to shuffle off. the clay-y our weight will break the coffin." Ben recognised the force of this remark, and got out, leaving Bob in the grave alone, a position the latter by no means liked, and his liking was growing less every moment, for - the stimulating power of the brandy . was decreas ing. The sound of ' the spade scraping on the coffin lid added materially to- his tremor. , ; ' r " I say, how-'how am I jfcoget it out P" he faltered. « Wrench off the lid with the spade," suggested Bill, " and hand us up the body. Hush I quick-I think I hear something." " Oh, Lord," groaned Bob, down whose face the sweat, drop were now.coursing. . " Oh, never mind, man, it's only the wind," muttered Ben. "Tear away, and let us have what we wânt." Bob did tear away,. with an earnestness which was frantic. Tossing his spade " out of the ,grave, he lay down on his knees and clutched at the coffin lid with his fingers till the blood spurted out from below the nails. ..It was in. vain, as, of course, it could not be otherwise, for, besides the nails,, the top of the coffin was kept on by his own weight. ;., ' ? " I can't get; it. off," he exclaimed in a breathless agitation, and looked up to the others with wild, staring eye-balls. A sudden gust of wind came hurriedly athwart the slope, and in their terror they thought it was something that had life. Bill and Tip started, and Bob nearly leapt from the grave. " I tell you it is the wind,", growled Ben. " What are you all so frightened for?" , r The strong gust sweeping past showed them that it was indeed the wind rustling among the shrubs, and slowly Bob resumed his task. " Oh, come out, and let me try it," said Ben, gruffly, a command which Bob was not slow ,to obey. Ben seized the spade, and kneeling down at the head of the grave, inserted it between the earth and the top of the coffin, by which means he was able to raise the latter tip till he could grasp it with his hand, and he finally drew the coffin from the. grave. To. wrench off the lid was now an easy task, and presently the body was revealed wrapped up in its white shroud. Neither Bill nor Bob offered to touch it ; but Ben at once took it from the coffin, and asked Bill to hold the. sack to receive it. . . Nervously, and with trembling hands, Bill opened the mouth of the sack, and Ben, lifting the body in his arms, was in the act of popping it in, when a loud harsh sound suddenly fell upon their ears, and completed the agitation which all but Ben had previously felt. Bill dropt the sack, and gazed round in speechless terror. Bob was equally petri fied, and Little Tip peered fearfully round in all directions. " I'm blow'd if ever I saw such fellows," cried Ben angrily. " If we had the moon to-night, you'd be-"frightened for your shadow." At this moment another crash, louder than the first, was heard in the same direc tion, and with it a growl or long continued groan, as it seemed to the alarmed listeners. They could stand it no longer, but, laying down what they carried, ned < panio stricken down the hill, leaving Ben ! alone with the body in his arms. ! Hardly had they gone when a mighty rush of wind passed by, showing at once the cause of the noise, and Ben was thus relieved from all fear of liv ing men. But curiously enough, lie now felt, for the first time, a sensation of fear-standing quite alone in that dreary spot, with a corpse in his arms. His heart began to knock about very un comfortably, and the object in his arms grew uncomfortably burdensome. Yet he had not the power to drop the body and run likewise. He was glued, or rather rooted, to the spot, and could only stand and stare in one direction-he could not even move his arms or his head. Presently something began to move up and down upon his cheek,, and when he felt it he became absolutely frozen with horror. Tho head of the corpse lay on his shoulder, and it seemed as if it had lifted one of its cold hands and was passing a finger to and fro on his face. Ben's thick matted hair rosa on end, and lifted his hat with ' it ; his knees smote one against the other, and the sweat broke on every part of his body. Then the wind, which had been gently blowing for some moments, came in a gust and lifted the white covering from the face of the corpse. Ben felt as if compelled by an invisible power to turn his head, and there ho saw two large, glassy eyes staring fixedly at him. He could but stare . at them in return ; and' thus a minute or two passed, which seamed ages, when the others came creeping Back, being persuaded that they had fled on a ' false alarm. ' * "It's all right, Ben j it was the wind after all," said Bill, half-ashamed of what he and the others had done. At the sound of his voice Ben started a pace or two aside, and gave a roar which nearly sent them scampering off again. ' Then he looked round to them, and their ? presence brought back his equanimity. Slowly he lifted the corpse from his shoul ,der, and gazed curiously at it. The hands, were both folded on-the breast; but the end of one of the strings which fastened* the shroud to the neck had escaped, and this it was which, being moved slowly to and fro by the wind, had so tickled his \ - oheek and filled him with dread. " Curse you, for three arrant cowards," he growled, drawing a long breath, and turning fiercely to the others. " What ; , made you run off and leave me with this armful? Pretty chums you .are, to \ desert - a fellow at such a pitch." ? ( " Couldn't help it, Ben. Wei thought you were following us;". J * "Bahl Hold the saok now, then;" Bill pioked up the sack which lay where he had dropped it, and Ben slipped the ' body into it j while, by his directions, Bob and Little Tip put the empty coffin back into the grave; they then shovelled in the earth upon it, and it fell ?. with . a doleful sound upon the lid. Yery soon the grave was filled up, and the turf replaced, so that ' little or no sign remained of their nefari ous operation. The sky had grown darker and darker, and the wind no longer blew in gusts, but came with thundering fury, rushing and roaring among the slabs and columns. In a moment the snowflakes flew about them and filled the air with blinding particles. Furious as the former blast had been, this was far more severe, The nearest objects were hidden, and Ben ' and his companions could only turn their < backs to the wind and stand bewildered. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 