FARM NOTES. Sugar Cano.-An assistant in tho Royal Gardens at ICew has discovered that it is possible to obtain many now and improved vxrieties of the sugar cane from tho seed, and by the crossing and selection the pro duction of sugar can be greatly improved. The seeds are very small. Manuring Weeds.-The failure of a crop is bad enough, but it is greatly aggravated if, after manuring, ploughing and planting, the crop is filled and overgrown wMi weeds. It looks then is if the farmer was himself | partly to blame, and it always aggravates I troublo of any kind if blame therefor cannot be thrown on somebody else. Weeds in hoed crops are especially vexatious to the farmer who has manured heavily, because he knows that their thrift is largely duo to what he haB done for them. This is also true of weeds so dope to the hills of corn or potatoes from which the cultivator could not cut them without destroying crops. In this case the weeds are cultivated as well as manured. One of the Undertakings.- The settler who is fortunate enough to be near a per manent stream will be saved the necessity of making ihis question his first consideration, but in the majority of caseB, a permanent supply of water has to be provided upon newly occupied land. It is a mistake to hurry on with fencing and cultivation before seeing to the water supply for domestic and stock purposes in summer. The first work in dry in land districts is the making of the dam, the excavntiun of the tank or the sink ing of the well. The dam should be pro vided with a wide bye-wash, to prevent its being taken away by the floods ; and it should have a wull of puddled clay in the centre of tho embankment, extending through the surface to a solid Bubsoil. Gates.-Tho swing gate is a decided im» provement, as all will admit, on the slip panel, although too many farmers cling to tho old system. It may not be necessary at first to replace tho slip panel all over the farm, but it will bo found advantageous to erect substantial gates, with good iron hinges and proper latches, on main road entrances. Let tho road be formed through the gateway so nB to keep dry and sound, and don't try to save money off tho paint bill. Gates, whether wood.or iron, laBt much longer if rcgulaily painted, and appearances should not altogether bo disregarded in the country, and where nature is seen at the best, man's work should not bo the most slovenly. Stone Walls. - The well-built stone wall requites but little repairs, and will last for generations, The baaly-build wall is con tinually falling down, aud requiring a con stant expenditure of labour in repairing. THE BIGG* ST APPLE TREE.-Tho largest apple tree in Now England (U.S.A.), is in I the north-western part of Cheshire, Cf., ! standing in Mr Delos Hotohkiss's doorway. Its ago can bo traced by a family tradition to 140 yours at least, and it may be 20 or 25 ' years older. It i» at tho present time of symmetrical shape ; tho trunk is nearly round, without a scar or a blemish on it; thero are eight large branches ; five of them have been in the habit of bearing one year and tho remaining three tho next. Mr Hotchki&s; has gathered in one year from tho five branches 81 bushels of fruit, and hiB predecessor had harvested a crop of 110 bushels from tho samo five branches. By oareful measurement, tho circum ference of the trunk one foot above the ground, above all enlargements of tho roots, iB 13ft 8in. The girth of the largest single limb is 6ft Sin. The height of the tree has been carefully measured and found to bo 60ft., and the spread of tho branches as tho apples fall is 100ft., or six rods. The fruit iB rather small, sweet, and of moderate ex cellency*. WII(TU'S COWBOYS AT ALBVUY. -Two of the ciiivboya attached to Wirih'a Circus, which appeared at Albury last Monday nignt, were locked up just bofore the performance on a charge of riotous behavior. If Beenis that during tho day tho u ghost had walked" (that is, the men received their wages), and some of tho cowboys had plied themselves too freely with liquor. They got into an altercation wi*h Mr. S. A. Woolf, tho land lord of the hotel where they woro stopping and a free fight ensued, during which a good deal of blood lluwed. When tho row was at ita height tho polioo arrived and took two of tho cowboys to tho lockup, Tuesday morning they appuarod before tho police court, and woro each fined £1, 