j jjflUTUAL CONSENT. I ,, J. MAESDEN SUTOLIFPE, I n„ttnr of "Tho Boils of St. Barnabas," "The I-' itomanco of an Insurance Office, Kerealed <: l)jFire," J:c. I ' ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ' CHAPTER IX. "Learn to wla ft lady b faith Nobly, os tho thing is high,- I Bravely, as for llfo a,ld dcatb, I . With o loyal gravity." I So shadow from the past fell oil Sir Desmoid ' n..Ln as ho moved, amongst his guests. m bore himself with a well-bred ease, ms I Wliagfaco betraying no aign of the secrets I Sla in his breast. I : if he thought of Winifred at a I it was witty I ' ent remorse for the mm that he had I "bleht upon her young life. He had come to I -3 his marriage as an unfortunate incident, I :tam which ho himself was tno chief sufferer, I ' and which it must bo his business to forget. If I ;.imaee of his wife presented itself to his I wnd be paid tho tribute of a sigh, but tho I d»b was given to what bo had come to look I -S as his own supreme folly in having forged fcimidi a tie tbnt ho had loathed. I ' Stoce he parted from Winifred at York, when thsr went their several waya after exchanging I 2les not to molest each other if their paths I f lilehappened hereafter to cross, there had I La times when tho matrimonial chain clanked I 'Ht in his ears. But nearly two years had I 5 away sinco husband and wife parted by I S, and Sir Reginald Doniaon had I 'Sown so accustomed to his liberty as to fall I coder tho delusion that ho was frco whenever -h rinsed him to contract a now tic. He did | not blind himself to tho fact that a bigamous 'mrn rne was a circumstance that tho law would | Tsffievcre account of. But ho relied on I Winifred's silence, satisfied that sho would (olfil bor part of the bargain. i, did not occur to him that when Winifred declared herself bo resolutely in favor of cutting her life adrift from his that Bhe had failed to ; reckon with all tho difficulties of tho position, ' cr that the thought of a second inarnago, boing L.racted by either of them had not entered fctober contemplation. All ho enred to know wastbatsbe had manifested an mrinciblo re- cocnance to a porpetuation of their ill-assorted union, and that she had given hor word not to \- Intetlero with him. What might bo tho pro- ; bable effect on Winifred's conscience if tho tidings erer reached her that her husband was on i be point of making a now alliance was a " thonckt altogether remote from hia mind. Ho B would not bavo comprehended it even if it had forced itself on bis attention. He meant to keep bis own secret, and ho did not doubt that Winifred would keep hers, and in this faith he laid siege to the heart of the woman whom his lister bad chosen for his wife. B There was something in the American deou- M ten.' that alternately repellod and attracted Sir m Reginald Denison, The source of the attrac- tioa be could scarcely define. It was not her beauty, for strictly sneaking Theresa Goffiu was not beautifnl. Her mouth and nose, though Indicating character, were too largo to satisfy such a coonoisieur of female beauty as Sir Beeinald claimed to be. But sho had a sweet oval face, with a broad clear brow, largo pene- bating eyes, finely pencilled eyebrows, a long wt arcbipg neck that seemed to droop under tho tveigbt of a dainty head covered with dark crisp m cnr|s. Her skin was clear as fine porcelain, m beneath which the faintest suspicion of a warm m fiesb tint faintly glowed. Her fine dark eyes Bf and her noblo brow bore strong testimony to I her intellectuality. Perhaps if Sir Reginald Damson had been given to self- analysis bo would bavo found in m is intellectuality the secret of his repulsion, K as tbo reason of hia attraction was to be fonnd E in the fact that Theresa Goffin was liko no B other woman whom he had ever met, and pos- m jeEsed, therefore, for him tho peculiar charm H that a fio/i viveur finds in some now picjuant M laoce. She promised a new sensation to a jaded K appetite, m Ho contrived, without neglecting his duties M as host or laying himself open to a charge of m too particular attention, to mouopoliee her, and B the fair American showed no aversion to bo H monopolised. Sho was not one of those women B| who believe that marriage is a woman's iuevi- B table destiny, still leas would she have been K prepared to admit that this was true of herself. Bp ft pleased ber to keep an open mind on that B inbject. If it fell to 'her lot to make a mar- Si riage that would round off and complete her lifo, fine telt it wouia ue wen ; out 11 it were Bl otherwise ordered for her she knew that she had Kg monrcea in herself to find happiness in her life as a single woman. On ono point her mind wag fnlly made up—she would not change her Iff lot for any of the reasons that load nine-tenths Epvt of ber sexto chance theirs. Unless marriago K'1! promised for her the satisfaction that she looked rey for ag a rational woman she would havo none pM of it, For wealth sho cared little ; her own few wealth wan a sufficient burden to hor. For tho Kjjpt tinsel of titles she cared nothing at all. She K&l; was willing to bo mated if she could find a mato B|f|i who would answer to her own nature and to jy whom she could render all homage and service k|| and fealty aa a wife. Kg! f Bit Reginald flattered himself that he was B|f naking a deep impression on Miss Goffin, and K $ that when he proposed for her sho at whose BH feet other men Lad sighed in vain would fall to EI his band like a ripe plum. For this excess of Bi confidence he was not greatly to be blamed, B|> aeeiog tbo ready ear which tho American Bp heiress gave to him whenever he addressed her. He did not imagine that he was boing judicially Eg weighed in the balances and that a debtor and B| creditor account of his virtues and defects was K- being kept la the girl's mind. E| The easy terms of intimacy into which they E| fell and the graciounncss with which Miss Ksf Goffin welcomed Sir Reginald's approaches E| were witnessed by the Countess of Polehampton Kg with unmixed satisfaction. Everything, she Ef thought, was prospering as she wished. She m Bnch confidence in the success of her E brother's wooing that she could not refrain from B endeavoring to enlist Miss Coffin's sympathies El ber icbeme for introducing Sir Reginald into m political life. Tho Amorican heiress had been at Alver- II thorps several days, when ono evening, before Be gentlemen joined the ladies after diuncr, B| Ihe found herself engaged in a tetea-tctc with ihe Countess. "I wanted to havo a cosy chat with yon," Ihe latter said, when they wore out of earshot. k| ''Ibave a great piece of news. Mr. Dcnvcrs, Bjj fiie momber for Millborough, is dead, and Lord K| Polehampton and I are most anxious that j, Reginald should offer himself as a candidate for Kg the vacant 6cat« It would be so nice to see him H UtboHonse." M "J 8nPpoae it would," said Miss Goffiu, B flQbtfully, as Lady Polehampton paused in Kg expectation of a reply, not knowing what else H to say. m an glad yon think so. X was confident B Ibat yon would agree with me, and I think you Bl FaD kslp mo to bring it about," said Lady Polc- H haiuBton, in a buoyant tono, satisfied that Bhe K breaking tho ice and preparing the way for M Bir Reginald. K n"Tdo not think I understand you," said Miss H UoiSq, smiling sweetly. " It would be a great n pleagare to servo you in any way : but how can E| Iasaietyou?" E| "Thanks; I knew you would. So nico of | you. You see Reginald has given very little W attention to politics, and naturally feels yery H great diffidence in coming forward In tbeso Hj exating times. It is so dreadful to be 4 hecklod 9 j: 3 Xou know," sho added, in explana- H , Hiss Goffin answered with a look of intelli- H fence, whilst an amused amllo played round tho corners of her mouth. B f Uffht dear, was this," tho Connteas H 2 !? ' " yu ®ight apeak to him and EM , coin0 forward." H Mo?" exclaimed Miss Goffin, heedless of ®nar the surprise that overcame her. . Xe8» you dear. Do speak to him. You cave more influence over him than all of ub put together, the Countess continued. " It is so Bl SP0J'an' ho should shake off hia inertness. B li»t imen a.re aPfc to a little selfish m . la«y have nothing to occupy them outside m J sphere of their own interests." H . should have imatrined that Sir Remnald f? i !?ave fnnfi plenty to do at Alverthorpc r king after the interests of his tenants to n txcludo eelfishness," B ,n'? ,?0Ubt you are right, dear. Ha makes B iiv;1- antHrd|' but thero is nothing iiko H a? lnlrc8t in tho larger affairs of the Ws tnnlr? . .a!"nS .a man out of himself. It fli la ? 0 i Pagination, you know, and that El ,i.„5reat tainR for preventing and keeping off E> artfi!?rt0Wn,e38 lho parochial mind and the K'Mnr! 1 ?? at lacvitablo to a man whoso K 'ange is limited." m ? Theresa that this was somo- K' 'tnnw » »fP I8tTy» though for a moment she l,ii ® „ati Y P4ace her finger on the underlying B tinn »«' v ? on fe lhftt if a sedulous atten- H i U-lca, wa9 retired to save a man from i,., ",al uundedness and the selfishness which Bi an -ec 10 fC8t mankind to whom such Bl imnn2»iSI7C Motion to political affairs was E \t-i9 w?re a parlous state. But gbo ten »a? COD81(3erato towards Lady Polehamp- lof( 0 at this objection. t?kftr, 0n- fkafc a man who lias not 5n, interest in political matters is B « Ivlxx 10 be a ?" she asked. 'h. ® '» perhaps not a legislator, but ho Ihintr 'J r!Kht' ¥? know, and that is the main ' J. 'elurned tho Countess confidently. B s2! wa t that rather dreadful," said Miss B Wwk. utlnS> "to vote without understand- « W yon rote ?" B i0r fckat I will see that Reginald is Jlonp vl( knows how to walk BQrpH »?n speak to him, dear?" inur- jred tho Connteas ploadiugly. u:d n ?n overrato my influence," B "Thi TS?' Wlth a low m«8ical laugh. Bryonia Btfbor from you. A wish from you i) univalent to a command with Regi- B rew)i0!Iia,R m>'re?JP0T>fubnity the heavier," B l&js; 1 2 i? Go,Kn yit!l a smile. "Hevcrtho- to wish it to sir Itegiuald, as you seem B BirWn.? comes," said Lady Polchampton as H tlernln I . wiiU tho rest of the gen- : 7euJ np the rear. 'ew minutes luter Sir Reginald, acting on a hint from his sister, had contrived to lead Miss Goffiu into tho conservatory on protest of showing hor a new plant that ho bad procured at great expense. " Yes," it is very beautiful," sho said, admiring tho lovely bloom on the rare exotic, "but rou take an interest in graver matters than these. Politics, for instance?" "That is whero I am deficient," said Sir Reg inald frankly. " Politics bore me. What is the good of fretting yourself to fiddle-strings merely to help a set of greedy place-men into office?" "No good aijj.ill in that I should say," replied Miss Goffin, with a touch of contempt in her tone. "But surely there arc higher ends to serve than that. It seems to me that a man who took up public business with the pure aims of a patriot might find abundant opportunity to serve his country. Why should you not do your duty as other men in your position do ?" " Perhaps I am to blame," said Sir Reginald, with an air of humility. "My sister wishes me to contest a seat that is now vacaut. If you wish it also I will yield to the pressure." Sir Reginald threw so much significance into his tono that Mis9 Goffiu could not affect to misunderstand him. She found herself on the horns of a dilemma ; unable to beat & retreat without failing in ber promise to Lady Pole- bnmpton, and unable to go forward lest she should bold out hopes that could not be grati fied. She accordingly took refnge in silence. "I would do even more thau|lthat to wla your regard," continued Sir Reginald as Miss Goffin's glance fell for a moment before his. "Give me tho hope that I may win your love and tbcre is nothing in which your wishes shall remaiu unratified. I think you must hare seen the change that has passed over me since you came to Alverthorpe. I cannot rcaist the spoil that you have cast over me. I would not if I could. The most passionate desire of my heart is tbat I may hare a part in contributing to your happiness." Sir Reginald pleaded his cause with ardour, but' there was something in Miss Goffin's manner ttbat checked his utterance. She was neither trembling nor overwhelmed withjfeon- fuaion, as is tho tashion of maidens when they aro about to accopt their lovers ; nor did she look pained and distressed as women often do when placed under the stern necessity of nip ping an ill-placed affection in the bud. She stood with her eyes fixed on him in a searching ; glauce that at once chilled his ardor and arrested his pleading. "£ am afraid I have spoken too soon," he said, with au apologetic air, "but I could not refrain." &M; No, you bavo not spoken too soon, if you really moan what you say." "(Jan you doubt me?" he asked, making nu attempt to seize her hand, which she resisted. "Let my fnture dovotion prove my sincerity," " Do not let us misunderstand each other." said Miss Goffin, with her eyes still steadily fixed on his. "What you ask for cannot be. I could have wished you had spoken earlier, if you must speak at all, to avoid giving you un necessary disappointment. That was what I meant to convey." "Am I so repugnant to you?" cried |Sir Reginald, who was bitterly humiliated by his rebuff. "No j repugnant is not the word, but do not let us stop to argue that. I am sorry If I have wounded you. Pray forgive me." "There is nothing to forgive," said Sir Reginald, gloomily. " I havo beoa hasty. I ought to have remembered that we have known eacQ other only a short time, and waited." Miss Goffin shook her head with mournful omphanis. Ey" You think it would have made no difference," continued Sir Reginald, " but my undue precipi tation has not stood my friend. I won't ask you to forget, what I have said. Rather would I implore you to remember that my destiny is in your keeping." " Do not iet us prolong this interview," said Miss Goffin, "and let me beg of you not to recur to the subject." "I cannot take your answer as final," said Sir Reginald. "Let me at least hope that I may succeed in altering yonr resolution." "That is impossible," said Miss Goffin, in clear bell-liko tones. " Let ns join the others." " One moment," exclaimed Sir Reginald, raising his hand in protest. "Tell me before you go why you dislike me so much ?" " Dislike is a very strong word. Sir Reginald. I am conscious of the feeling. I cannot bring my mind to look upon you in the light of a husband. That is all." " But why ? Am I so utterly objectionable ?" persisted Sir Reginald. "Do not Dress me for mr reasons. Thev cannot be altared. You have proved a kind host, and as the brother of Lady Polehampton, of whoso friendship l am exceedingly proud, I wish to cherish only feelings of kindness for you." Sir Reginald felt himself checkmated, and bit his lips iu his vexation, but he was piqued, and reluctant to abandon the useless contest with out beating down Miss Goffin's guard. "It would be a kindness to tell me what X have done to raise this icy barrier betweeu us," he said. "You evidently do uot believe in my earnestness, but there is no teBt to which you can submit it that x shall not prove equal to. Tell mc to wait ; lay any burden on me that you please, but give me leave to try and win your love, or tell mo why X am fated not to succeed." "You press me very unfairly, Sir Reginald. I think a woman's (No' should be taken as finnl." " Not always. Women sometimes change their minds." u Theu I must gire you proof that I shall not change mine. Is that what you want?" ",Yes ; that is my desire certainly. It was not for light reasons that I learnt to cherish the hope of winning your love, and I cannot lightly surrender it." " I do not admit your right to press me in this way ; but as you wish to know my reason for declaring my decision ire to be irrevocable £ will gratify yonr wish if you will answer me one question." " What is that ?" asked Sir Reginald eagerly. "Isyourpa9t life such that yon could dis close to a pure-minded woman ? Is there nothing there which you would wish to bide ? "I do not profess to bo superior toother men," said bir Reginald, with an uneasy laugh. "You have compelled me to speak, "cried Miss Goffin, who was now trembling with suppressed excitement. "I would have spared yon if I could. 1 coufess tbat tbe feelings with which you first inspired me were those of Binccro liking, and I thought it possible that in you I might find tbe companion and helper who would assist me to live my life; but I began to suspect that you had worn out every pure and noble feeling long before I met yon. I did not condemn you even to myself on suspicion. I welcomed your society, hoping that my bob- picion might bo laid to rest. It was a forlorn hope. I have liatonod attentively to your lightest word. I have watched your every movement. I had tho right to do so, not as your guest, pcrhap3, bat as the woman whom you were seeking to make your wifo, and who if she had rushed on her fate blindfold would have accoptod ycu for ber husband. Alas, tbe result baa been what I feared, uot what I hoped. I have no wish to fathom the secrets of your life. What they are I cannot divine, but of this I nm confident, they are not fit for a woman's ears who desires to retain ber self- respect, and as I cannot share them- 1 will not share the lot of tho man whose they are." Never beforo had Sir Reginald felt so awed iu the presence of virtue. He cowered like a cur beneath tbo lash of Theresa Goffin without a trace of bitterness, but with incisive m&nacr; dealt out to him bitter boine- truths which he could not help admitting to himself wore just, and It was with a cur's whine that he next spoke. "Pity mo," ho cried. "Under yonr inflaence tho futuro may repair the past." It was tho last straw that literally broke down Theresa Goffin's patience. Her eyes blazed in sudden wrathful contempt and her wholo form dilated with scorn that possessed her. "I am not one of those women who believe that it is woman's mission to reform a rake by marrying him," she said with freezing emphasis. And before Sir Reginald could recover from;his surprise she swept past him and re-entered the room. Lady Polehampton was not slow to perceive QQt lier pltlUn IlttU UUUIU «U UUO Blvlw from her seat and joined Theresa, who sat pauting with the violence of her emotions. " What Is the matter ? Tell mo all," said Lady Polehampton anxiously. " Do not aBk me," Theresa replied. " X think I will go to my room. To-morrow I mast leave Alverthorpe. X have offended Sir Reginald post forgiveness," she added, endtavorlng to speak lightly. " Nonsense, child. He will only be delighted to forgivo you, "Well, perhaps you are right. But then I should novcr forgive myself if I stayed," and with a hurried good-night,- Theresa stole from the room and tho nest day loft Alverthorpe behind her. CHAPTER X, There's nothing ill can dwell In such a temple ; If the spirit havo so fuir a house Good things will strive to dwell wlth't. ' Tho first ten days of Winifred's visit passed quickly away in a continual round of sight- seeing and mountain climbing— a delightful and Invigorating change after the glare of hot, dusty streets and the close atmosphere of a London hospital. One day was given to a drive to Oban, and thence through the desolate ravine which leads to the scene of tho Massacre of Glencoo. Another day she visited Glonfinnan, where Charles Edward, tbe hapless prince of a hapless Hue, raised tho standurd of rebellion in 1746 that ended so disastrously on tho fields of Cullodeu. Another trip was taken to Iona and tho far-foraed cave of Fingal at Staffa. With these exceptions tho excursions planned for Winifred's benefit woro away f»om tho beaten track of tho tourist, and introduced hor to scenes of awful grandeur and quiet beauty in unfrequented haunts such as tho ordi nary tourist knows not of. But after a spell of holiday making Claude insisted that his mother's guest should set about the improvement of her landscape paint ing, Tho shores oft Loch Awe, with their multitudinous scenes of peaceful loveliness, furnished ample practising ground for her earliest efforts. Afterwards "barren heath f and shaggy wood " W£tc laid under contnuu- tiou. Claude Maclean proved a rigorous taskmaster. No slavedriver was ever more exacting in re quiring bis tale of bricks, nor any belie dressing tor her first ball more fastidious than he was in his demands. "There is no genius like hard work," be used constantly to remind her, and Winifred smiled as Bbe thought that ho meant her to prove' an illustration of his favorite proverb. OawetdajB they spent many hoars together In Claude's studio— a room that once had formed a great state-chamber, but which, by the aid of the mason and the carpenter had been con verted into an admirable room for tbe purpose to which it wa devoted. Here Winifred was kept busy completing and touching up tho work that bad been ibegun in tho open, and learnt many wrinkles from Olande in the mixing of her colors. The evenings wero given to con versation and music, Winifred accompanying Ciaude's violin solos on the piano. Whilst they were thrown together constantly in this manner there wero many opportunities for Claude to carry on his attack upon Wini fred's heart; but except from an occasional tenderness of manner and the ardent glance from his expressive eyes he made no sign, and Winifred's fears were lulled to rest. She made no attempt to analyse her own feelings. Since a new interest had Men awoke within ber, or to speak more correctly, sinco an old interest had been revived with immeasurably greater strength, it may truly be Baid that her one passion was for her art, aid ber one dream to realise Claude's prophecy of her future. Bat for all Claude's appearance of reserve on the subject that lay closest to his heart, he was fully resolved that beforo Winifred's stay came to an end he would declare- bis love, and that never with bis consent should she leave Glen- Orloch Castle except as his promised bride. It cost him something to restrain himself, but he was thoroughly loyal to the understanding nrrived at with his mother that he should not b'ciak until she was able to confirm bis choice. But there were compensations. To be for ever near the side of a beautiful woman who is sin cerely loved and with hope that lore is returned is bliss enough to an ardent lover though no word is spoken, and every day Claude disco vered some new charm in Winifred's mauner and some now feature in her beauty to call up fresh admiration and to heighten his passion. Xt.has been said that Claude after following fignre painting for some time had abandoned it for landscape. But ths desire now possessed him to excel ii this branch of art also. With each a subject to work on as Winifred, be thought, no artist could fail iu his work. Ooe evening after dinner be was watching her as she recited to Lady Fatconridgo an amusing adventure that occurred to them when she was punting on Loch Awe, and as he gazed upon her, drinking in tbe sense of her beauty and noting the pure outline of her face, the dainty pose of her queenly head, tho anperb curves of her well-developed bust and the sculptured roundness of her white arms revealed by ber low-cut corsage he thought what a maguificeut Helen of Troy she would make i The next day Winifred consented to sit for him, and he began the task which was destined to bring him frosh fame, and a more serious check to his hopes of winiiing Winifred for his wife than he dreamed of. It seemed as if love bad given him greater strength nod delicacy of touch, and he worked like one inspired. Matters were at this stage when the last week of Winifred's visit arrived. It was a bright sunny morning ot the end of August. Winifred was in her room prepariug for a new expedition while Lady Falconbridge and Clande were pacing the broad terrace at the front of tbe castle. " Mother," he said, " I think the time has come to speak, and before we return to-day I purpose asking Winifred to be my wife." Lady Falconridgc looked anxiously at her son, and observing the firmly-set mouth aud the flashing of his large eyes, she hesitated before deciding whether she should attempt to dis suade him from bis purpose. Claude returned her glance, and as her silence coutiuued he re marked— "You know, mother, why I mentioned this to you. When yon told me of your intention to ask Winifred to Glen-Orloch you osacted from me a promise that I would not speak to her of my hopes until you had opportunities to know hor better. I am more than delighted at tbe affection that evidently exists belween yon, and now I suppose I may no in and win, if I can." "Yes, affection is not too 'strong a word for you to nee," said Lady Falconridge, speaking slowly. " I love Winifred very dearly, as dearly aB I should have loved my own daughter if it ImH nWdfiri Henven to have rriven me that blessing. But—" and Lady ' Falconridge paused with an evident look of embarrassment. " But what, mother ?" said Claude. " Why do you hesitate? Is she not beautiful? What can you allege against her ?" "Nothing, Claude, nothing," returned Lady Falconridge. "You must not lenp to conclu sions because I hesitate. Let me explaio." "Go on mother," cried Claude, bis brow clouding over, "Let us havo the explanation beforo she comes. She will be here presently." "There is no special cause for anxiety," con tinued Lady Falconridge, "only for caution nnd delay, so you need not look so moody. I think I kuow the whole story of Winifred's life from her earliest recollections to the present, except one portion of it. X have not forced myself upon her confidence in any way. She has spoken of herself in a perfectly candid manner, which I have found very charmiug, and she seems to have told me everything tbat she could. Bnt — you. must forgivo your mother's but,' my dear— I have noticed that she entirely skips all reference to the time between her father's death and her entering npon her train ing as n probationer for St, J ude's." "What do you infer from that?" asked Claude. "I do not wish to infer anything from it — at least, not to her disadvantage. The period between tbe eveuts is a long one. It is somo three years, X think, and I cannot help remark ing on the strange silence she observes about those years. The omission may be unintentional on her part, or it may not. Her silence may be due to other canses." " What causes ? " asked Clande hoarsely. Lady Falconridge's glance was turned upon her son with increasing anxiety. Sho saw that her words were producing a strong impression upon him. "She may have reasons for not caring to speak of that period of her life." " You surely cunnot connect anything shame ful with one so fair, so beautiful, so pure and lnuoccut ? " cried Claude. " I did not say so, my son. Have I not told you that the omission may be an inadvertence? I would fain hope so." ' The fact that you 1 hope so ' shows that you do entertain some kind of suspicion," Claudo logically replied. "Not necessarily," said Lady Falconridge. " Remember that though our acquaintance began soveral'months ago it is only within tbe last few weeks that there has been opportunity for confidences. She may speak of it yet. Give her time." " That is what you advise then, mother ? A little longer delay, until she lets the cat ont of the bug— eh ? I don't see anything to wait for myself, and if yon don't mind I would sooner put my fate to the touch to-day." "You bad better listen to my plan before you decide. If you will delay to join ns this evening after dinner I will endeavor to indnco Winifred to abandon her inteution of returning to St. Jade's, on which she was fully bent only a day or two ago. If Bhe consents you can stay on until the end of September instead of returning to Kensington at the beginning- of the month. Leave her with me until Christmas, and then yon shall ask her, if you are still in ths same mind." "You think you will bavo found ont every thing by Christmas," exclaimed Claude. "1 think she will hare told me everything or else that there is something to hide which it will be right for you to know before asking her to be your wife. Her continued silence would be a bad omen, and I should then judge it my daty to put the question plainly which will re solve all doubts.' u If X consent to wait until Christmas, mother, will you make me a promise iu return ? Promise me if there is anything hidden, as you call it, which may be pniuful for you to know, it stum not cause ner to zorioit your goou will." " Most willingly," replied Lady Falconridge with cordial warmth. "We owo her too much for her to lose mr good will, nor do X think tbat there is anything concealed which conld diminish my affection. Let us wait and hope for the best." "Then I agyee to your plan," cried Claude, kissing his mother affectionately, sb Winifred appeared iu the doprwoy of tho CnBtlo, clad in a walking dress of heather- colored tweed and wearing a Tarn o' Shunter which made her seem more bewitching than ever in tho eyes of her lover. The same evening, when the ladies retired from the dlningroom, Lady Falconridgo began to disclose her plans to Winifred, who that moment sat looking thoughtfully iuto tho fire, reckoning up the fdw days that were left to her of her viBifc. "I hope you havo enioyod your stay at Glen- Orloch," said Lady Falconridge, by way of opening up the conversation. "Ob, very much indeed," said Winifred, brightly, looking up with a beaming face. " X can never thunk you enough, dear Lady Falconridgc. Such a month's happiness X have never known before— not since poor papa died." Lady Falconridgo nodded hor head and looked grave. Winifred's- observation told her volumes, "Evidently," sbe thought, "there was not a happy month in those three yoars about which she had remained so mysteriously silent." But she did not allow tho dread of something unpleasant lying concealed to deter lier. " I have been wondering if you would do a kindness to an old woman. Next month Claude returns to Konsingtou. He only plays at art here, at Kensington ho works. When both of you aro gono I shall feel more lonely than usual, Is it aakiog too much of you to ask you to remain and bo the companion of a lonely old woman through tbe winter?" " Oh, I wish I could," cried Winifred, to whom this proposal opened out n viata of nil mannorjof pleasant possibilities. " There is no help for it." sho continued, after reflection. " They will expcot me at fat. Jude's next week, and might suffer inconvenience if I failed to appear at the oad of my holidays." "If that is all I think we can arrange it," returned Lady Falconridge. "If they cannot release you immediately you can retaru until they can find someone to repluco you and theu como back to me for the winter. I want someono to cheer mo whilst Claude is away, and I do not take very readily to strangers ; and if you will forgive me saying so. the proposal is not altogether selfish. It will be very advantageous to your career as an artist for you to remain here. Your time will be your own, the .studio will be at your service, and the whole countryside will serve you for landscape," Winifred was not slow to perceive tbe advantages of tho arrangement, and yet she felt that if Claude's absence from Glen-Orloch had sot been made part of the scheme sho could not have remained. For the thought of her approaching departure from Glen-Orloch had begun to weigh heavily on her spirits and had set her thinking over the happy time she had enjoyed. Bbe had discovered that more than the praise which her budding genius had received, more than Lady Falconridge's abounding kindness, mora than the strange wild beanty of the scenery in which she had moved for the first time, the man who had been her constant companion had made her happiness. Bhe knew at last that her heart had passed out of her own keep ing and that she loved Claude Macleau with the whole strength of a first passion. Bbe felt, therefore, that if Lady Falconridge's arrangement bad included a stay with Claude for her daily companion she must have fled from the danger. But when sbo learnt that Claude's plans for the winter, which were fixed, would take him away from Glen-Orloch she consented to remain and prosecute her art as Lady Falconridge had planned, and find in ber work the balm she needed for a heart that was sad from the very hopelessness of the passion of which Bhe bad become conscious for tho first time. The authorities at St. Jude's consented, on Lady Falconridge's application, to release Winifred. More instructions from Clande, more sittings for his picture aud September vteat by. In October Mr. Maclean returned to his studio at Kensington and Winifred plied her art alone. Her lifo passed smoothly and uneventfully after Clande'a departure, when having driven to Oban from Glen-Orloch Fate bronght her face to face with Lord Algy Fitz- herbert and the buried ghost of tbe past rose from its grave. (To be continued.) 