i tales and sketches. H:P VJOnLDKTHE FLESH AND THE DEVIL B , BY.IISS BRADDON.;. h ' ait rights reserved.---" M (wng S-vi— "Ha is the VbrySoul or i;-. .'.x - boonty."' H Geranl Hillerstlon loft Harley 'street almost MB remaded to break faitli with tlie woman he had; H |,T(d for moro' than three years, and offer him-' H itlfto the woinnh he had loved less than threo nontas.' nut tee one worn ; aimuse ,.ioso vno. M ejrly Christian Ghuroh. a; royal, convert, and D| Gj,a(j bad not . quite inado, up his. mind to muijKicholas Davenport's daughter. ' H "So short a lease of . life— -aud' wore l but happy with such ft wifo as Hester I might pro- B long my span to the uttermost,'' he told'him- i, If, still then that advocate of evil which every M worldly man has at his elbow whispered,' " Why; H -srry her, when your wealth would enable you Wm to Bite so liberal a settlement, that ' she need B urn feel the disadvantage of £ false position. B Win her for your mistress, cherish and hide her B from the eyo of tho world. " To marry, her would B be to bring a drunken madman into ' the fora- B ground of your life— to cut off every chance, of B distinction in tho few years that may be left to M you. A sun hi your position can ' afford to bo H fjithfnl to Esther without repudiating Tashti— ssd your Vaskti lias been 'loyal and constant to yon. It were a brutal act to break your promise H to her." H As if to accentuate that ; evil'counsel he found s'letter from Tashti. waiting . for' .him On liis study table— a letter upon which Yashti's imago in smiling, beautiful in court . plumes and riviere of diamonds. There was nothing Hew in tir letter, but it stabbed him'-'whero ho was. B weakest, for the writer dwelt fondly upon her B trast is him, and upon thdt.happy"f utur'e which they wtro to lead together . B Hs dawdled away the sufninpr noontide in his garden, sriioking and dreaming, 'and lip drove.to Rosamond-road, Chelsea, at the hour when he knew I he was likely to find Nicholas Davenport ialono. Bis horses and stablemen had been having plenty of idleness of late, as lie always employed a hansom when 'he went "to' Ohelsbi— and the H inquiry, " would the horse's be wanted any more to-day ?" was geuerally answered in the negetwe. I «. Joua? th'o'old than dozing in his arm ohair, tile Standard lying across .his knees,' and an empty tumbler on tlio table beside him, .which had contained tho harmless lemonade with which he now slaked Ins habitual thirst., He'lookod I nr-d worn.tlio rnefo' wreck of .a man,' his sihrry hair falling in long loose _wisiis over tho I hxgh, narrow ; forehead. Thero.were fresh Bowers in the room,' and ail waa'exquisitely I fni ,!e books upon the dwarf cupboard I r... i m,\ 00,ver ,f the sowing' machine. I Oerard seldom entered that room without being I 'em."l'jed of Fiiust's emotion in Gretchon's I sweat chamber— where, in tho simple.maideu's I efaence, he felt her spirit, hovering near him, i net pure and gontle nature expressed in the I punty ana neatness of her surroundings. I »«rii it i'mo to 8,ance roun<l him, and to I 2„ i f SC<S?7''?"1 " ' reitdich.es oiHf urT v ?? Nmholas Davenport started up I lim ® slumber, and shook hands, with old' m»n " kind , of you," said 'the . fernSf. 1 tae a"lnmer aftornoons are in- ilj.t R 1vhen Hester' is'ont "of the way. Si ?e„ P'P" dull, as ditch water- tehticians on the stump all over tho country— T)'in0 thrashing his .bundle inJSi c<!t.n ut 8 on Tuesday, and hund!QDnf h!"iC i ,tl'rttsllinE the very same, never enm« tS , ll0,'e3 and prophcoies that Halifax— and So the ball shouldtv lived at Athens wo' and orator i P '.tlos Xst 113 8roat 3 bore, Ittflv «n. 8 wmcV answered Gerard, Davenport." yU "re not lookinB well, Mr. J, feeling a little low to-day — the 'ighed and ui'r P9'i ?n,d, her,e Mr- Davenport tremulous JP" ,'d ?P 1"8 newspaper with recovered thif firm6 haQde that had never influence Of olo 1 Vess?.rofeP03,?'loat untIer tl>e Biiietsiino T „ ? be candid with you, tension in 'onn uffenng from a misappre- dauehtor ,10 of creatures. ' My tere tho ron ? " v® Her dovotion to mo " — cheeks— Jjv',ra-,p0'0 down' the faded woman anil nm praiae ; but she is a Understand m,. yunB woman, and she docin't stances of invCrf o?' ? tlle oiroum- tetnpcrauco « " ®,l bos taken up doing mo a kim?n ?c> a"d she thinks she is form of sthni! l!.i c? deriving me of every idea that 8re ho. . , huSa borself with the and she cannot Lo ifvf ,m? from dostrnction, statu of weakno.. ? '? reduoing me to a Physical, which m„?(" m'fry> .mental and death." roust result m imbeoility or WfetcS aboinfh' J10 lbdd so reduced and believe him on'i i p®rard was inclined to system Of absolnio r do" whether Hester's, mUtake, oIule deprivation might not bo a omplete 'a h.n' J!U' 1 daresay, to make so doubt fully? nB® in your habits," ho said Irer mistake is in Insisting upon total abstinence. I have not forgotten the post. f.' i H'jlnrsdon, I havo not forgotten the n hi Bra n and disgrace which ' I upon myself in your father's tho'ouLnmo I I unhappy exhibition was the outcome of long months of agony. I had been lacked by neuralgia, and the only ellevin- tion of my pain was tho use of ekloral or brandy. I havo been tree from nouralgio pain of Into. MyPT Hester is very careful of my diet, full . . nderest attentions, takes tho utmost care of my health after her own lights : but she cannot see how weak and depressed I nm, she cannot understand the mental misery which a iic. s,ou?d. Port- twice a day, might cure." -Surely Miss Davenport would not obiect to yonr taking a .glass .of port after your lunohoon nnd your dinner?" - - .."Yon don't know her, my dear friend, "said Davenport,, shaking his head. "Women are always in extremes. . Sho would begin to cry it she saw me -with a glass of wine in my hand, would go on her knees to ask me not to drink it. She has taken it into her head that the least ndulgenco in that lino would bring about a return-to' habits of intemperance, which I can assure you were never a part of my nature." J in nst talk, to Mibs Davenport, and induce her to let me send you a few dozen of fine old P£b Cockburn a 57, for instance." The old man's oyos gleamed as ho hoard tho offer.-1 . , " You may talk to her," ho said, "but she won t give way. She has made up her mind that my salvation depends upon living in her YWv-JJ '3 ft thing for a man of my age to depend For subsistence upon a daughter's manual labor; to see a lovely girl wearing out her life at vulgar drudgery,' and never to have sixpence in my pookct— lmrdly the means of buying a news paper: She doles out her pence, poor child, ns if they wore 1 sovereigns. Women have such narrow notions about money." Thero was a silence of some minutes, during which Mr- Davenport nearly fell asleop again, and then Gerard said quietly :— ' " Why should you depend upon your daughter, even for pooket money ? Why Bhonld not you do something' for yourself?" . "What can I do? I have tried to "get copy ing work, but I could not write n clork's hand. My penmanship was too weak and illegible to bo worth oven tho pittance paid for that kind of work." ,f D not thinking of so poor an occupation. Have yon tried your hand at literature?" ' I have, in more than one line, though I had no vocation, and wrote Blowly and laboriously. Tho papers I sent to the magazines ell came back, 'Declined with thanks.' My daughter was, the poorer by so, many, quires of Bath post and so many postage stamps.'. "You tried a wrong lino, I daresay. Beginners in literature generally do. You are a good classio, I know." .. . ' ' f was once,, but the man who took his degree at Oxford 30years ago is dead and gone." Men don't forget their Horaco and Virgil when they have once loved tliem with the soholar's fervor." _ "Forget, no. One does not forget old friends. Quote me any line from Horace, or Virgil— the most obsouro — and I will give you the context. Those two poets are interwoven with the fabric of .my, brain. I used also to be considered a pretty good oritio upon the Greek dramatists. I once got half way through a translation of (lidipus, which some of my contemporaries wore flattering enough to persuade mo to finish. I laid the manuscript , aside when I began parish work, and heaven knows what became of it." "The world has grown too frivolous to oaro for now translations of Sophocles,", replied Gerard, "but 1 believe there is room for a new Horaco — that is to say a new version of some of the lighter satires— a version whieli should be for' the present epoch what Pope's was for the time of Queen Anne ; and I feel that it is in me to attempt the. thing if I had tho aid of a com- pctent scholar— -like yourself." The old man's face lighted up with feverish eagerness. "Surely your own Latin—" he hogan tremu lously. - "Has grown abominably rnsty. I want a now version of my favorite satires— a verbatim trans lation, .reproducing the cxaot text in. clear, nervous English, and upon that I .could work, giving the old lines a modern turn, modulating the antique satiro into a modern key. Will you collaborate with mo, Sir. Davenport? "Will you undertake tho scholarly portion of the work?" " It is. a. task which will .delight me. Tho very idea givos me new life. Which of the satires shall wo start with?" . ; . "Shall we say the ninth in the first book? It gives such a fliie opportunity for the castigation of the modern" bore."' . "Capital. I am prond to .think that with so many translations ready to your hand you should prefer a new; one by me." ' . , "I want to avoid all published versions," answered Gerard, plausibly ; as he drew out a note case, and opened it. The old man watched him with greedy eyes, and the weak lips began to quiver faintly. Did thnt note case mean payment in advance ? The question was promutly answered. Gerard took out a couple of folded notes, and banded tbom to his future collaborator. "You must allow me to give you £200 on account," he said.-, " You will then at least have the feeling that yonr own scholarship is worth something, and that you nre not wholly depen dent on your daughter's labor." Tbc old man fairly broke down, and burst into tears. .... . . " My dear young friend,. your. delioaoy, your generosity ovoicoiucs mo," ho faltered, clutching tho notes .with; skakiugfingers; "but I cannot — I cannot take this money." His .bold of the notes tightened . involuntarily as lio . spoke, .in abject fear lest he should have to give them back. "I suspect yonr proposed translation is only a generous fiction — doyised to spare mo the sense of humiliation; in accepting this noble — tliiH, munificent honorarium." I own to you that the work you proposed would -interest mo in tensely. I perceive the opportunities of those satires— treated ns fully as l'opo treated them — the allusions, political, social, literary— and to a writer of your power — who havo made your mark in the very morning of life by a work, of real genius — the task would bo easy. . "You will help me then— it is agreed?", said Gerard, his -palo ohceks. flushing with a hectio glow. " With all my heart, and to the utmost of my power," answered Davenport, slipping the noteB into his waistcoat packet as. if by an autoraatia movement. "Without conceit I think -I may voaturo to- say that for the more verbal work you could employ no better assistant." " I am sure of that, and for . much more than morely verbal work. And now, good day to you, Mr. Davenport.. It is about your daugh ter's timo for coming liomei-'and 'she won't oaro to find a visitor here when she comes in tired: after liorwallt".: ; 3 " Yes, she will be here dircotly," answered the old man, starting 'an' witli some sudden ap prehension, . and : on second thoughts I would rather you did not tell her- anything about our. plans until they arehcarried :out.. Wheu-your book is published she will be prond, very proud,- to know that her old father has helped in bo distinguished a work ; but in the meantime if you changed your mind and the book wore never I finished. Shu , would . be disappointed ; and, then, on the other hand, I should uot like her possession."''' 1 B muoh mony in All this was faltered nervously, in broken sen- tnntbi?'i Ml" Havcnport followod his patron rl I nyoK,"'S that roa<l by which Hester was likely to return from her business errand. murderer. -4!10 Dps, and felt like a Chattee XVI.— "So, Quirt as Destaiii, i Turned prom Him." , Gerard called in Rosamond-road on tho fol lowing evcnlng_ at the hour when ho had been accustomed to find Mr. Davenport reposing after liis comfortable litfclo dinner, and liis dauchtcr reading to him. . To-night the open window showed him.Hcster sitting alone in a despondent attitude, with her head resting on her hand/and an unread book on the table before her. She- cnino to " tho door in answer to his knook. " My father is out," sho. said. "He did not come homo to dinner. He went out early in the afternoon while I was away, and lie loft o littlo note for me, saying that lie had to go into London to meet an old friend. He did not tell me tho friend's name, oud it soems so strange, for wo havo no friends left. Wo havo drifted away from all old ties." "MayTcome in and talk with you?" Gorard asked. " I inn so sorry you should have any cause for uncasinoss." " Perhaps I am foolish to bo uneasy, but you know— you know why. I was just going for a little walk. It is so Bultry indoors, and wo may meet him." She took her neat little straw bat from a peg in tho passage, and put it on. We are not very particular about gloves in this neighborhood, she said. He perfectly understood that slie would not receive him inlior father's absence, that even in her fallen estate, a work girl among other work girls, she oiling to the conventionalities of her original sphere, and thnt it would uot bo easy for him to break through them. They walked to the end of Rosamond-road almost in silence, but on the Embankment, with tho dark swift liver flowing past them, ami the summer stars above, she began to tell hiin her trouble. " You know how happy I have been,", she said, "in a life which many girls of my age would think miserable and degraded." "Miserable, yes; degraded, no. Tho most feather-headed girl in England, if sho knew your lifo, would. honor you as a heroine." " Oh, please don't make so much out of so little. I have done ho more than hundreds of girls would have done. for a dear old father. I was BO proud and happy to think that I had saved him— that ho was cured of that dreadful vice— and now, now I am full of fear that since yesterday, somehow or other, ho has obtained the means of falling back into' the old habit— the habit that wrecked him." " What makes you fear this?" "He insisted upon going out last night nftor dinner. He was going to the free library to look at the August magazines. I offered to go there with him. Wo used to read there of an evening in the winter, but since tho warm weather began wo have not done so. I reminded him how hot the reading room would be with the gas, but he was restlessly eager to go and I could not hinder him. Tho worst sigh of ail was that lie did not like my going. with him, and when we had been sitting there for half an hour lie seemed anxious to get rid of me, and reminded me of somo work which be .know I had to finish before this morn ing. But for this .work I should have stayed with him until he came homo ; but I could not disappoint my employer,, so I left my father sitting engrossed in JSlacik'ood, and I hoped all would be well. Ha promised me to come straight home when the library closed, and he was home about tlio time I' expected him, hut one look in his face, one sentence from his lips told me that by some mean's or other lie had been able to got the poison which destroys him,'.' "Are you not exaggerating the evil in your own mind from a delicate woman's natural horiorof intemperance ?" asked Gerard, sooth ingly. . " After all, do you think that a few glasses too niiioh once in a way can do your father any harm ? .He has seemed to mo below par of late. He really may suffer from this enforced abstiueuco." . " Suiter ! All, you do not know, you do'not know I I may sirem liard with kirn, perhaps, but I would givo my life., to keep him from that old horror — chat madness of the past which degraded a gentleman and a scholar to tlie level of the lowest drunkard, in' St. Giles's. There is no difference— the .drink 'madness makes tliem all alike. . And now. someone has given him money, all my card is useless. I caunot think who can have done it I don't know of any so called friend to whom he coidd apply." " His letter, .tells yoii of an old friend--" "Yes ! It may be someone who has returned from abroad— some friend ofyearsago who knows nothing of his. unhappy story and cannot guess the harm that money mny do." "Pray do not be too anxious," said Gerard, taking her hand and lifting it to his lips. She snatched the sinaU-coId hand away, from him indignantly. " V " . " Pray don't" she Baid. ."Is this a time for idle gallantry, and to me of all people— to me who have to deal only with tho hard things! of this life." "No, Hester, hut it is a time. for love- devoted love— to speak. ; . You. know .that I love you." Ho took tho poor littlo "glov'elcss , baud again and held it fast, and kiBsed the thin .work worti fingers again and again . "You. know, that I love you, fondly, dearly, with all my'.sqiri. Hester, only yesterday a famous physicfan 'told me that I have not many years - to spend upon this- planet— perhaps not many months. Ho' told mo to be happy if I could— happy, witk.tbe woman I love, for my day of happiness must bo.brief.even at the best. It is but d poor remnant of life that I offer, Hester, biit it means all myself— mind . and licart and hopo and dreams are all centred and bound up in yop.. Since I havo- known you— since, that first nigbt under the stars when you were so hard and ooldi'wh'en you would Iiave nothing to . say to; me— since that night I havo loved only you, lived only for you." ; Sho hail heard him in 'despite of herself, her free will struggling against her love, like' a bird caught in a . net. Yes, she -loved him. Her desolate heart had gone to him as gladly, blindly, eagerly as bis heart bad'gono to her. There hod been' no more hesitation, no more doubt than in Margaret in tho. garden, when in a sweet simplicity that. scarce knew fear of shamo; she gave her youbg' heart to iter unknown lover. Hester's was just as pure, and fond, ' and .uuselfish.a passion ; but she had more knowledge of danger than Goethe's guile1ossa maiden. ; She .knew that peril lay in Gerard Hillersdon's love ;— generous, reverential even, as it might seem. It was only; a year ago tiiat she had sat, late into the night, reading Clarissa Harlow?, and alie know kuw tender, how delicate, how deeply rcBpectful ' a- lover might' be ami yet harbor the darkest designs against a woman's honor. . ' " Yau'Uavb no right to talk to me like this," she said indignantly. "You tako advantage of my lbnelitieSs and my misery. Do you think I can forget the distanco your fortune lias set between lis? I know that yon are bound to another Woman- -that' yoii will marry a woman who can do yoii honor before the world.' I know that in England wealth counts almost as high as rank, and that a marriage between a millionaire and a work girl would bo called a misalliance." " A lady is always a lady, Hcstor. Do you think your womanly dignity is lowered in my esteem because you havo toiled to support your father — do you think there is any man in England who would not admire you for that self sacrifice ? Yes, it is truo that I am bound in bonor to another woman — to n woman whom I loved four years ago, and whom I thought this world's one woman— but from that first night when I followed you.aoross the park—; when you sent me away from you so cruelly, the old love was dead. It died in an hour, and no effort of mino would conjure tho passion buok to lifo. I knew then how poor a thing that first love was —a frivolous young man's fancy for a beautiful face.' My love for yoii, is different. I should love you as dearly if that sweet face of yours was faded 'and distorted- if those sweet eyes wore blind and dim. I should love yon as the olerk loved the leper— with n passion that no outward circumstance could change:" They were walking slowly under' the trees — in the warm darkness of d breathless August night. He had his' arm round her; and though her face was turned from him she did not repulse him. She let his arm clasp her, and draw her nearer and nearer, till it seemed as they moved slowly under tho wavering branches as if they were one already; Old vows,' the opinion of the world, the past, the future, what conld tbeso matter to two beings whoso hearts beat, throb for throb; in the sweet madness of the present? - "Love, say you love me. Iknow it, I know it— only let mo hear, let me hear it from those dear lips. Hester, you lovo me, you love mo." \- Her face was turned to him now— pale in that faint light of distant stars, dark violet' eyes still darker in tho shadow of night." Their lips met, and botweon his pnssionate kisses' ho' heard tho faint whisper, "Yes, Ilovoyou — lovo you better than my life — but it cannot be." " What cannot'bo — not love's sweet union- nil our life, my poor brief lifo, spent together in one unbroken dream, liko this, and this—?" ' She wrenched herself out of his arms; "Yon kuow that it cannot bo— you know that you ennuot' marry me— that it is oruel to fool mo like this — with sweet words that mean nothing. No man ever kissed mo before — except my father.. You have made me hate myself. Lot ine go — let me never hear your voice again." "Hester, is there no other way? Do yon want marriage law to bind us ? Won't yon trust in me — won't you believe in me— as other women have trusted their lovers, all tho world over ?" "Don't," she cried, passionately, " why could you not leave thoso words, unspoken? Why must you fill my cup of shame ? I knew those hatoful words would coin'e if ever I let you tell me of your love, and I have tried to hinder your tolling me. . Yes, I knew from almost the beginning what yourJove was worth. : . You will keep your promise to the great : lady— your sister told me about her — and you would let >me lose my soul for your lovo. You have been try- j ing to win my heart— so that I should havo no ! Eower to resist you— but I am not so weak and j elpless a oreature as you think, Oh, God, look down upon my loneliness — motherless, fatherless, friendless — take pity upon me because I am so lonely. I :have none other but Thee." - She stood with olasped' hands, looking sky ward in the mooulight ; to the irreligious man, sublime in her simple faith. : " Hoster, do you think that God cares about marriage lines? He has made His oreatnres to ! love 08 we lovo — our love oanuot bo unholy in 1 His sight— any more than the unwedded love of Adam and Eve in the'Garden.'' r. "He never made lis for dishonor,!' she' answered firmly. " Good night, Mr. Hillersdon —good night and good bye." She turned and walked quickly, . with steady steps, towards Rosamond-road. A minute ago lie had held her clasped close in his enfolding arms, had felt' the impassioned tumult of her heart mixing with the tumult of liis own— had counted her his very own, pledged to him for over by thoso 'passionate kisses, those tears which mingled with his tears; tears of joy and triumph, tho hysterical fervor of exultant love. And now sho called him Mr. Hillersdon, and turned on hor heel toi leave him; - inviuoible although she lovod him. ' Angry, despairing, his thoughts took a sudden turn— worthy of Lovelace. -He ' told himself that he would diplomatise— reenter pour micux sautcr. ; " Let mo walk with you to your door at least," he said, "if it is to be good bve." ; - She made-no answer, and ho walked by her side, watching her profile in the dim light. She had wiped away her tears, her lint blushes had faded' to marble: pallor, her lovely lips were' firmly set, as if'the face-were verily marble, delicately chiselled by some old world sculptor. " Hester, 'you oro very cruel tome;" - "No, it is you who are cruel. ; Most of all when you tried to trade upon my weakness, to frighten me by sayiug you have not long to live. That was the crueliest of all." "But it is true, Heater— as true as that you and I are walking here side by side. - When I first came into my fortune,' knowing myself far from strong, I went to a dear old doctor- who saved my life from a . sharp . attack of lung disease when I was a little boy. I saw him more than a year ago, 'and 'ho was not par ticularly hopeful about' me even then. He warned mo that I must live carefully, that all strong emotions would tend to shorten my days. I saw him again yesterday, for I was bent on knowing the worst. He was all -kindness and all truth. He told me that I bad ohanged for tho worse within the year that was gone, and that only by extreme carefulness coiild I pro-, long ihy life for. a few years. And then he bade mo go and bo happy, as if that were such an easy thing to do." "Easy for yon to" be ;happy. You have all the world to choose froinj she said, /falter- irigly. , ! ; ' Useless if there is only one thing in the world that I wont — deny me that 'and yon reduce me to misery. ' " "Did 'your doctor really tell you that you have but a, few years to live ?" she asked, and ho' knew'- by lier voice that she was crying, though her face , was averted. "Don't try to make me unhappy.- I'm sure it is not true that he said so. Dootbre don't say suoh things." "Sometimes, Hester. Even a physician will tell the truth once in a way when! he is hard pressed. "My doctor spoke voiy plainly. It is only in a life Of calm— which-' means a life of happiness— that. I can hope to prolong my ex istence a few years— just tho years that are the best and brightest if love lights them. If I am worried and unhappy my life will bo a question of months, not years. But if you do hot care for me that makes no difference to yon." " You know thnt I caro for you. Should I be speaking to you now — anxious about your health — when you havo tried to degrade me, if I did not care for you? If love were not strougcr than pride, I should never have spoken to you again. But I am speaking to you to- nigat for the last time. Our friendship is at an oud for ever." " Our friendship never began, Hester. From the first I had but one feeling about yon, and that was passsionate love, which takes no hiied of difficulties, does not forecast the future:' I was wrong, perhaps, tired and hampered as i am, to pursue you, but I followed where my heart led, I could not count tho cost for you or for me. You are right— you are wise— wo must part. Good night, dear love, and good bye !" His tone was firm and deliberate. She believed him— believed that lie was convinced and that trial and temptation wore over. She turned to him with a littlo choking sob, put her hand-in his and whispered good bye. Thoso two hands clasped each other passionately, but with ft" Pressure, She hurried from him to tho littlo iron gate, let herself in at tho unguarded door what need of locks and bolts when there, was so littlo to tompt the thief?— and had vanished from his sight. He went back to tho river side ond sat there for an hour or more watching tho tide flow by and thinking, thinking, thinking of tho woman lie loved and tho brief span he had for love and for life. " And she. can believe that.f renounce her— knowing that she loves me— having held her in my a arms and felt her sweet lips - trembling against my own in love's first kiss." How simple women are 1 It was 11 o clock before lie remembered that ho had asked Jermyn to sup witli liiin at mid- n'Sht. He walked home, for his heated brain I and throbbing pulses needed active movcmout. Ho walked faster than he walked three or four |'aara ego, when ho was a strong man. Ho thought of many tliingB upon his way through streets that were still full of tiafiio and busy life, and once or twice as he caught the expres- 8ion or a passing faco he saw a kind of wandering horror in strange eyes that looked an lu'm. I must bo looking miserably ill to-night." I a"or one those casual glances. Perhaps I- am eveu worse than Dr. South- seemed to think me. He questioned mo about my family history and I rathor shirked tho sub- loot— paltered with the truth— told him my father and my mother ore alive and well— but I the htstory is bad all tlio same. Bad, decidedly bad. Two, lovely young sisters of my mother's i i. , 0 tlns oartl1 before they saw a 20th' birthday and an uncle I can just remember died . at three and thirty. My family history won't- justify a hopeful view of a bad case." He supped with Jermyn, and sat late into tho i ??, t drank deeper than bis wont, and he I "A1 Jrmyn tho story of his love. Of liis freo will ho would not havo oliosen Justin Jermyn i fr a confidant, and yet he poured out all his : hopes and dreams, the wliolo history of his | passion, in all its weakness and all its strength, to ! tins man whose mocking cynicism continually revolted him. Yet it may be that the cynic's companionship was tho only society ho conld have endured at this stormy period. The voice of consoience must be stifled somehow ; and how oould it bo so easily drowned as by this spirit of ' evil which denied the existence of good, which laughed at the idea of virtue and honor in man or woman ? "If the first man who put. a fence round a bit of land and called it his was an enemy to his t fellow men," said Justin Jermyn, "what of the I first man who sot up a narrow standard of con- I duct, d hard and fast rule of morality, and Baid: by this standard and by this lino ami rule of mine shall men net' and livo for evermore, i whether they be happy or miserable. Along this Btony road, hedged and fenced on either side with scruples and prejudices, sholl men tramp painfully .to their dull and dreary end ; yes, even while in tho fair open country on either side those hedgeB joy and lovo and gladness beckon to gardens of roses and valleys fairer than Eden? ' Why torment yoursolf because you have given a foolish old man the means of indulging freely in his favorite .vice— an 'innocent vice— since it I hurts none but himself, whereby you havo per-' ' haps provided for him the happiest days of bis I life ?" ; "I have given him the means of break ing his daughter's heart," said Gerard, remorse fully.' ' ' ' -: ! "Bosh! No. woman's heart was ever yet ! broken by a drunken father. It needs a nearer and dearer love than the filial to break hearts. I All that Hester Davenport wants in this life is j to be happy with the man she loves. The drunken father might prove a stupendous difH- ' ' oulty if you wanted to parade your divinity : , through the elootric glare of tho great world as j Mrs. Gerard Hillersdon — bnt if you want her for' j your ' goddess,, your Egeria', hidden away from ! the glare and the din, the existence of her father, drunk or sober, is of little moment." ChapterXVII. — "Lost! Lost! OxeMoment' \- /Knelled the Woe op Years." Gerard let three whole, days go by . without! making any attempt to see Hester. Lovelace! himself could hardly have been more diplomatic. He was'completely miserable' iu the interval, , oounted the hours, and , wondered perpetually whether the woman he loved was hungering for. | his presence as he hungered. for hers. He spent! the greater part of the timo 'with Jermyn; driving to Richmond one day to dine at the Star : and Garter and'sit late into the night watching the mists, rising in the valley, .and the stars' shining on the river, driving to Maidenhead on another day and loitering on the rivor till mid-, night, and sitting in a riverside garden smoking and talking halt through/ the sultry summer night; and in this long tilc'-a-Utc he sounded the uttermost depthsof Justin Jermyn's godless- ness and cheerful egotism. ' "The one thing thnt I am certain of in this Rhadamanthine universe," said this easy going, philosopher, " is that I, Justin Jermyn, exist; and this being my one certainty, :I hold that my! one dnty — tho duty I owe to myself— is to be; happy and to make the. best of: the brief span1 which I am to enjoy on this earth. Reason tells me that to' be happy -and to livo long I must abjure'passion— reason tells mo that serenity of mind moans health and prolonged life; and to' this end'I have learnt to take lifo lightly; as a farce rather than a. tragedy, and to give my aifeotion neither to man nor woman— to be slave neither of friendship nor of love. A selfish phi losophy, -Igratityou ; but self is my only cer- tainty." - .' .! , :. . : ; " An admirable philosopby;if it were as oasy! to praetioe as to preach.- And; havo yon never loved?" ' ' ' " Never in the fashion that you call love. ; i have neVer been unhappy for a woman's sake.'.' ' "And tho domestic affections— father, mother, " family!" - ' V " " "I never knew them. . I was flung as a waif' upon the world, reared upon charity, tlie archi tect of my own fortune — such as it iB.. I am tike Hoster Summerson in Bleak House : My mother was my disgrace, and I was hers. I am atlleaat so far a follower of St: Paul that I owe no/man anything; I sink the second part of the pre cept. " . . , " '- -'-jl-..' " Gerard meditated upon. Jermyn's character, as he drove home, towards daybreak, the man' himself Blumbering by hts side. It was porhaps only natural that a man cut off from all' family ties, cheatod of mother's: love and' -fathers frioudsliip, a stranger to every bond of blood re.; latiouship./should have grown up to man- hood heartless and passionless, should, have trained himself to tho settled calm of a phiio-' Bophical egotism, attaining in the! morning ot life that immunity from.ati the pains aivd pcnal-, ties of the affections which, the' averago egotist only achieves mold age. ' . -' . . Gorard looked at the Sleeper wonderingly,- almost with envy. The fair'palo face was un marked by a line that told 'or. anxious thought - or. deep feeling. The sleeper's lips were .parted in a faint smile,' as if even in sleeping he felt the sensuous pleasure of lifo on a fair summer morn ing — tho "perfume of flowers from a hundred gardens, tho soft breath of tho wind crcoping up from the west, warm with the glow of last night's sunset. Tho joy of living ! Yos, this snan who loved no one enjoyed life in all its fulness ; and he, Gerard; with two millions to spond and it might bo less than two years to spond thorn in, wag misorable — miserable be cause of the cowardly incertitude whioh -made him unablo to take the straight and honorable road to happiness while the sinuous and evil way lay open to him. 'He went to Chelsea at dusk oh the third even ing after Hester bade him farewell outside the gate of the little gardon.: ' She came quickly to the "door in answer to :liis knock, and ho was 'startled at the change whioh three days had made in Iier. The first words she spoke told him that it was hot love of him' which had so altered , her, but; poignant anxiety about her father. ! . "" Ho hiis never been homo since that night," she said, ignoring every olhor thought, " I have been in search of him at every place that I could think of as possible for him to havo gone to, but I. have uot found any thice of him since Tuesday night— the night you were here. Ho was at the Swan Tavern that night, sitting in the coffee room drinking brandy and water till the house closed. He was talking a good deal, and he was very excited in his manner when lie left, bnt the people would not. teU mo if he had drunk muoh. They pretended hot to know how muoh brandy had been served to him. I bavo been to the police ofiico, and the rivor has boen draggod along by tho embankment, where he and I used always to walk. They were very good to me at the police . station, and thoy have promised to . do all they can to find him, living or doad, But, oh," with a burst of uncontrollable weeping, "I fear they will never find him alive. He could hiive had only a little money, and he must have spent it all on brandy, and then when he was mad with drink— ab, you don't kuow how drink maddens him— he may have walked into the I river, or t hrown himself in, misorable and des pairing. He was at the Swan at 11 o'clock, only n few minutes' walk from tho' rivor, and loan find no ono who saw him after that hour. I think he must have meant to come home — I don't think ho would wilfully desert me— but some accident, somo fit of madness——" .' She couid not speak for sobbing. Gerard led her into the parlor, where the old man's empty chair reminded him of that last interview, anu of liis diabolical trap to catch a weak sinner's feet. Looked at in the light of Hester's grief to-night, and the awful possibilities she suggested, his crime seemed murder. "I will goto Scotland yard, Hester; I will set the cleverest detectives in London at work, and it shall go hard if they don't find your father. My dearest-, don't give way to these morbid imaginings. Be sure ho is safe somewhere — only hiding because be feels that he has broken down, and disgraced himself in your eyes. He has been afraid to come home, knowing how grieved you would be at bis baoksliding. Be comforted, dear love." His arms were round her,, and be drew the pale pinched face to his own, and again their lips met, but this time Hester's kiss was the kiss of despair. She olung to;her lover in her grief and fear. She forgot the.'poril of consolation from that poisonous source. '"What comfort eonld he give her about her father, except the assuronco that all that wealth could do to find him should be done, and that once being found every possible means should be taken to ensure his safety and welfare in the fature. He told her that there were doctors who had made suoh cases as her father's their chief study, homes where her father could be surrounded with evory luxury, and yet secured from the possibility of indulgence in his fatal vice. He showed her how happy and free from care her future might be if slie would only trust her own fate and hor father's to him — and then came words of love, burning words that have boen spoken again and again upon this earth with good or evil import—words that may bo true when the lips speak them, yet false within the year in which they are spoken— words that pro mise an eternity of love, aud may be uttered in all good faith, and yet prove lighter than the thistledown wafted acrosB summer pastures. . Three days ago she had been strong to resist the tempter, strong in womanly pride and maiden mudesty. To-night she was broken down by grief, worn and fevered by sleepless nights, despairing and almost rccklesB. To-night she listened to those vows of love. "What had she on this earth but his love, if the father to whom she had devoted her youth was indoed lying at the. bottom of the river, her purposo in life gone for.' ever ? Who could be more lonely and friendless than she was to-night? .'So she listened to his pleading, heard him while he urged her to consider how poor a thing that legal tie was which he entreated her to forego ; bow often, how continually cancelled by the disgraceful revelations of the divorco court. "Timo was whon marriage meant till death," lie said, " but that is a long exploded fashion. Marriage nowadays means the convenience of a settlement which will enable a man either to found a family or to cheat his oreditors. Marriage means till husbaud and wife aro tired of each other, and till the lady has grown hard enough- to face the divorco court. " . And then he reminded her how the most romantio passions, tho loves that had becomo history, were not thoso alliances upon whioh parish priest and family lawyer had smiled. He reminded her of Abelard and Holoise, of Henri's passion for Gabrielle, and Nelson's deathless love for Emma Hamilton. Ho urged that sooiety itself bad pardoned these fair offendors for love's sweot sake. ' Her intellect was too clear to be deceived by suoh shallow reasoning. On the very brink of the abyss she recoiled. Loving him with all her heart, knowing that life without him meant a colorless and hopeless existence— a hand to hand struggle with adversity, knowing by too bitter experience that to be well born and poor meant lifelong humiliation, she yet had the strength to resist his pleading. ' " Your wife or nothing," she said, "I never \- meant to bear your voiee again after that night. I prayed to God that we might never meet again. And now for my father's sake I humiliate mysolf so far as to ask your help. If yon will bring him back to me I will tbank and bless you —and will try to forget your degrading pro- — positions." "Degrading, Hester 1" he cried reproachfully, trying to take her hand again, the band that had Iain softly in his a few moments ago. " Yes, degrading I What eonld you say to any wretched lost woman in London worse than you havo said to me ? You talk to mo of lovo — and you offer me shame for my portion." " Hester, that is a woman's narrow way of looking at life. As if tho priest and the ring made any difference." "If you cared for me you would make me your wife." . "I am not free to marry, Hester. I am bonnd by a tie whioh I cannot break yet awhile. The tie may he loosened in yoars to_ come, and then you shall bo my wife. We will have the priest and the ring, tho whole legal and eoelesiastioal formula — although that formula will not make mo one whit more your slave than slave," she said resolutely " I wout a husband whom I can lovo aud houor. And now I am going back to tho police station to ask if tlioro is any news." "Lot me go with you ?" "I had rather you went to Scotland Yard, as yon promised." " I will go to Scotland Yard. I will do any thing to prove my love and loyalty. " "Loyalty. Oh, Mr. Hillersdon, do not play with words. I am an ignorant, inexperienced girl, but I know what truth and loyalty mean — and that you havo violated both to me." ; They left the house togethor in opposite directions. Gerard walked toward Oakley- street, hailed the first cab he met, which took him to Scotland Yard, where ho saw the officials and gave a careful description of the missing Nicholas Davenport — age, personal characteristics, manners and habits. When askerl if the missing man had any money about him at tho time of his disappearance, he pro fessed ignorance, but added that it was likely he had money. It was late in tho evening when he left Scotland Yard, aud he went into the park and roamed about for some time in a pur poseless manner, bis braiu fevered, his nerves horribly shaken. This horror of Nicholas Davenport's fate absorbed his mind at ouo moment, and in tho next he was thinking of Hester and his rejeoted love, troubled, iriesoluto, full of pity for the woman he loved, full of tendercst compassion for scruples whiolTscemed to him futile and foolish in the world as he know it, whero illicit liaisons were open secrets, and where no mau or woman refused praise and houor .to Bin in high places. . Ho pitied the simplicity which clung to virtue for its own sake, n strange speotacle in that great guilty city, a penniless girl sacrificing love and : glad ness for the sake of honor. . Ho went from the park to the Small Hours, a olub where he know he' was likely to find Jermyn, who rarely went to bed beforo the summer dawn. "It is bad enough to be obliged to go to bed by candle light from Ootober to March, " said J ermyn, who declared that any man who took moro than three or four hours' sleep in the twenty-four shamefully wasted his ex istence. "We are men, not dormice," he said, "and wo are sent into this world to live — not to sleep." Gerard found Jermyn the lifo of a choice little supper party, where the manners of tho ladies, although thoy wero not strictly "in society," were irreproachable, so irreproachable, indeed, that the party would have been dull but for Justin Jermyn. His ringing laugh and easy vivaoity sustained tho gaiety of tho party, and made the champagne more exhilarating than tho oliampagne of theso latter days is wont to be. "A oapitalwino, ain't it?" he asked, gaily, "It's a new brand, 'Fin do Siecle,' the only wine I care for." Gerard drank deep of the naw wino — would have drank it bad it been vitriol, in the hope of drowning Nicholas Davenport's ghost; and when the little banquet was over, and youth and folly wero danoing to a waltz by Strauss in an adjoin ing room, he linked his arm through Jermyn's and led him out of tho olub, and into tho still ness and solitude of St. Jamos's Park; Here he told his mentor all that had happonod, denounced himself as a traitor, and perhaps a murderer. " It was your scheme, "ho said, " you suggested the snare, and you have made me tho wretoh I am." Jormyn's frank laugher had a sound of mockery, as he greeted this accusation. ."This is always the way," ho said, "a man asks for advice, and turns upon his counsellor. Ycu wanted to get that foolish, oifioious .old father out of the way. I suggested a manner of doing it. And now you call mo devil and your self murderer." And then with airiest banter he laughed away Gerard's lingering scruples, scoffed at man's honor and at woman's virtue, and Gerard, who had long ago abandoned nil old oreeds for a dreary agnosticism, heard and assented to that mooking sermon, whose text was self, and whose argument was self indulgence. " I shudder when I think of tho myriads of fanaties who have sacrificed happiness here for the sake of an imaginary paradise — wretches who have starved body and soul upon earth to feast and rejoioe in the New Jerusalem," said Jermyn, finally, as they parted at Buck- biugliam gate iu tbo first faint flush of dawn. Less than half an hour afterwards Gerard was in the Rosamond-road, and at tholittle iron gate that opened into the scrap of garden, where a cluster of sun flowers rose superior to the dust, pale in the steel blue light of dawn. The lamp was still burning in the parlor, and ho saw Hester's shadow upon the blind. Sho was sitting with bor elbows on the table, ber face buried in her hands, and lie knew that she must be weeping or praying. She had lot her lamp burn on unconscious of the growing day light. The window was open at the top, but the lower half was shut. He tapped on the pane, and tho shadow of a woman's form rose up suddenly, and broadened over the blind. "Hoster, Hester," he called. He ralsod the sash, as she drew up the bliud, and they stood face to face, both polo, breathless and agitated. " You have heard of him, you havo seen him," she cried exoitodly. " Is it good news ?" " Yes, Hester, yes," he auswered, and sprang in the room. 