Current Events. : By J.AIK. i f (Loqui Veritas et timeo aim.) My friend Jones took a trip to town, and, of course, I had to accompany him as his 'guide, philosopher, and friend.' I am happy to say that Jones behaved himself circumspectly, this time,, and got into no scrapes. But then he had no tunnels to go through. On taking our seats in the train at Gladstone we were agieeably sur prised to find the second-class car riages — Jones and I are not swells or silver kings, and cannot afford. 'to ride first-class — far more comfortable than they were some months ago; They ate now well padded and cushioned. Arriving at Petersburg we were astonished at the rapid progress of that important town. Crowds, oi people were moving about ; business appeared brisk, and new stone build ings were being erected in all direc tions. There are several imposing looking buildings in Petersburg. A large hotel, opposite the Railway Station, is beiiig b lilt by the Tiaura Brewery Company, aud is rapidly approaching completion. It is a liue building, and will doubtless repay the enterprise of its owners. I understand that a well knew n and popular L iiira boniface 'will be the first landlord. On reaching Terowie we had a change from the narrow to the broad gauge, and here my friend had a slight mishap. Jones was something like Johuuy Gilpin of immortal memory, ? for though on pleasure bent, he had a frugal mind.' Before leaving home he had supplied himself with some cold boiled eggs for sus tenance on his journey. These eggs he .had deposited in his coat tail pocket, and entering the carriage in a hurry he incautiously sat down heavily, aud there was 'an immortal smash,' which made Jones 'grin horribly! a ghastly smile.' : ?????] As we proceeded onwards to the fair city of Adelaide, the signs of a backward seasou became more aiid more apparent. We thought the season ' late' in this neighborhood, but the fields around Laura look quite luxu riant, compared with the bare looking plains ? down south.' ? ?'? ? | We reached Adelaide in a down pour of rain, and could not help wish ing that some of it was descending upon pur own homes. 'Y. ; Of course we went to see the Oyclo rama, and were much pleased auil impressed thereby. Every one that visits Adelaide ought to see this beau tiful work of ait. Apropos of the Cyelorama — A few doors therefrom is to be seen a very amusing optical illusion called »' The, Great/ Ghost Illusiou,' which is ac companied with some brilliant; piauu lorte playing, illustrating a storm at sea. I have not space to describe this really good entertainment, but would advise all my friends who happen to be in town to ' go aud see.' They will find the moderate sum for admis sion, well spent. Being in town on the evening of the day on which Trooper Willshire was tried at Port Augusta for the shooting of two natives, I was rather astonished at tne interest felt iu tlie result, and the telegrams received by several parties announcing the acquittal of the accused constable, caused great jubilation. I treated Jones to a visit to the Zoological Gardens, when 'the impu dent scamp pretended to see a family lisoiuss between and hoary haired specimen of the Simla, tribe and the innocent writer of these rainbliug ' pars.' Is 16 any wonder that he incontinently found himself flounder ing in an adjacent pond ? where I lelt him to get out as he best could, and answer a charge of ' disturbing the fishes/ Alack : poor Jones I A great special meeting of the District Couucils' Association was held on Friday last at Adelaide. Delegates from all parts ot the country met in the deputation room, at the Land Tax Office, which was com pletely filled. The sederunt lasted from 11 o'clock a.m {till 5 o'clock p.m. and a great number of suggestions in connection with the forthcoming New District Councils' Act were considered aad discussed ; and there was any amount of * talkee — taikee.' The- Treasurer — I beg his pardon ; the. Prime Minister — has had a large experience as a District Chairman, and will therefore be able to winuow the chiff from the wheat in hia New Act. 1 ? ; Nevertheless, this continual chang ing, and remodelling of * Acts .of Parliament' is very unsettling, No sooner has a local Government become accustomed to the administration of an Act, than — hey I presto — it .is changed for another, till the ternvse ' an Act to amend an Act ' or'* an Act to repeal an Act,' become quite monotonous and wearisome. Tbe fact is, we are top mvph ^governed ; aud the mind becomes be wildered in endeavouring to under stand the various Act's made' for '^nV governance. Codification ana lucidity, are much wanted. .--- The Land Board for the allotment of blocks in this neighbourhood has been sitting at Gladstone this 'week, and it has been remarked that the majority of applicants have been those who already have large holdings.: Now*this ought not to be. Verily ' earth hunger ' seems to be a nteva. lent disease. An amusing incident occurred during the sitting on VSTediiesday. Iu reply to a question put by the chairman, one applicant stated that he was unmarried ; but that if he got a block, he would soon get a wife; his manner implying that ' no block, no wife.' This caused considerable merriment. ' I am informed that the questions put by the chairman to each, applicant produced a geod impression oa those present, evincing a desire to- deal out even-handed justice to all and sundry. I understand that the result of the various applications will be tiiacte i known this (Friday J afternoon. ? I trust my readers will excuse u'.jy ' errors,' 'transpositions' ' literals,' w-; '* turned letters ' in this week's col;: =i i of what a facetious friend c ? ? ' Currants and Raisins.' The fac - . half the proprietors of the paper ,....-. committed matrimony, and is hoi .-. mooning. The ? compos ' are hi.ario i -,. / wondering, and the ? proof-rea . ; himself is a little ' off color.' J-,. - ; ' unites with me in wishing long . -. and happiness to the newly mam- . 