THE DANCE OF THE SHADOWS. Blowing high, blowing low, Where the sunlight's aglow, Come, sweet winds, swift or slow Shake the seed from the trees, Bend the flowers to the leas, Let the river of shadows o'erflow. How it dances away Uuder blossom and spray, like sprite-children at play. How the shapes change and pass On the delicate grass, And fleck the mossed curves of the way Blowing high, blowing low, With a world swiming so. In the winds to and fro! Whither dancing so gay Thro' the hours of the day Say where, airy shades, would ye got There are hills sloping green, With deep valleys between ; Ye would love them, I ween There are tremulous flowers, Leaves a-shaking in showers, And acres of meadow unseen. I know currents that run Brim with light from the sun, But of darkness there's none; Slip away to the beams Of the sun on the streams, Their fleetness will soon be outrun. Race along with the tide, Winds it narrow or wide. There'll be beauty beside; Ripple dusky and cool Into shallow- and pool Ye're welcome whatever betide. Every blossom that grows, Dandelion or rose, Your cold kisses may close! Ve may drown every beam, In the wells of the stream. And chill the warm breeze as it blow-* While ye laugh with the light. Lovely ghosts of the night. Haunting hollow and height'. Ye are wedded to day, Tho' the darkness may say, " I claim all the shadows by right Blowing high, blowing low! I do love ye all so- . Wind and shadow-sun-glow! Glide along o'er the earth, For all beauty has birth Where gloom, breeze, and sunshine o'ernow, Happy shades thus to blow Thro' a world to and fro, Oh! I envy ye so. This pent spirit must rest, Like sick bird in its nest., With never a pinion to go! *, Oh! to leave for one day This close prison of day. And with ye dance away ! Down some infinite stream, Like a long-drawn-out dream, Who knows what might chance by the way Spirit! where would we fly " Thro' the world-you and I, In what land -'neath what sky! Could we hasten away With the shadows to-day, I wonder where'er we should hie! Oh, the tides ebb and flow By a garden I know, The warm beaches below.' It is there I would fain Dream old dreams once again, To the music of waves dipping stow. There's a grave on a hill Which no earth-garlands thrill. Where nobird-voices thrill: There we buried away Dear young passion, one day Its wraith surely lingers there still Let me press for a space My all quivering face On the desolate place Maybe something will last From that magical past A ghost of old sweetness and grace. Blowing low. blowing high. Wheresoever we fly, Aching memories lie! All the wide ways are wet, With the tears we forget, When we laugh In the light ot the Sky. So l ween it best, After all in the nest, , Little bird in my breast! let the shadows run tree, Over forest and lea, We shoud only gain grief and unrest. Blowing high, blowing low, While the beam broken flow Of the shades come and got There's God's breath in the breeze, There's God's voice in the trees I kneel in the clover and know. JEKNINGS CARMICHAEL 