The Spectre Jockey. Some years ago, in a running race at Detroit, Danny Mackin, a jockey, was killed by the horse he was riding making a sudden and vicious bolt and hurling his rider to the ground. When the jockey was picked up a stream of blood was running from a hole in his temple down hincheek and neck. A story has been current among jockeys and stable- men ever since Mackin's death that his ghost walks at night among race-track stables, the quest of the spectre being presumably the horse that killed the jockey. This story has always been believed by stablemen, and if any ever had doubts of it they are dispelled now, for the ghost was seen by a dozen of them at the Washington Driving Park stables on Friday night. The midnight watch of stablemen had come on duty, and the men were lounging in front of the stables, when one of them saw a slim figure in white approaching the stables from a clump of trees on the grounds. The man called the attention of his companions to the object. They all saw it clearly as it glided noiselessly toward the stable. When the apparition came full in the light of the large hang- ing lamp in front of the stable and revealed the figure, elad in jockey garb and a white face, with a red streak running from the right temple, down the cheek and neck, like a line of blood trickling down, the stablemen were paralyzed with terror. The spectre jockey passed into the stable through the open door. The door leading to the stalls where the racers were was closed, but the ghost kept right on, passed through the door as if it had been opened, and disappeared. One of the stablemen recovered himself sufficiently to think that perhaps this might be a clever trick of some one to get at the horses to do them harm, and he hurried forward and opened the door leading to the stalls, with the intention of preventing any such purpose. Two or three of his companions followed him. The apparition was moving slowly along the stalls, stopping at each one and then passing to the next. The horses seemed to be aware of the mysterious presence. They neighed and plunged and stamped in their stalls as the spectre passed along. The stablemen were again paralized by this second vision of the jockey ghost, aud stood motionless and speechlcBS at the door. The apparition glided to and paused at every stall in the stable, turned its face for a moment toward the terror-stricken men in the door, and disappeared as suddenly and mys- teriously as it had come. That they had seen the wandering ghoBt of poor Danny Mackin not one stableman of the midnight watch has the shadow of a doubt, i 