LOCAL AND GENERAL. Ji I \ : . M M netted a Ijesutifti! greper yesterday, wr-iprliing ov*>r 1 cwt. Tlie fish vins ferwar.lcd to Iii'ishauo bv tlie earlv train and will doubtless realise = rinethihgibands.une for thr fisher. Ay (.fluie lin.» hi-cn established for the registrat:'..[i ot une.'n;.yed. whereby eniployers arri enalilcj te procure any class of labour they require, .it the Government Labour IJurcau, I>r'sl.ane. as notified in our business eolunin-". ÎÎ'.T, e \ YKi: •• m t he Shire oi' Southport are fin ill\j rem iiidetl that next Mon- day is ih.jiart da\ tor paying rates in time to S'-eure a ^el. 1 : tlierefore " Pav up '." sboubi be the oidevof the day. The Council will sue f..r a!! rates not paid by t.. day. so that ih.-r.' ;• nothing lu gain by wiihiioldin'e the amounts due. while a vote Will be lo^l Tin: wejjiher durinL r the past few days was .-ill ib:ir (>tul'i be desired : on Tuesday night j* -omewhat prolonged storm raged in tlih riciniiT "f the town which onlv '.purified the atmosphere and laid the dlist. Should ibe present very pleasant wvathi'i continue, of which there, is every c. rtatnt.v. we •.hall doubtless have a revi val in bu.-iu^t- here brought about by the yisitatimis ijf those who believe that as a saiiatlonum i.and pleasure resort Southport jjcksJcrnHi^H: — Thk Lueiinda risitcl Southport oil Sunday bUr when the l-'ostmaster (feneraland a u uni b. r •..)' minor dignitaries came down f.-.r n hi ee/.ing. A goodly number of visi- -ils.. reA«bed here by train. :ind the be.ii-f, l)o);nies-c<>!i(ured up in the minds of l'e-ideui - w|io hovered round the ghost of bye.>ne davf- when Southport was the res.irt. .i theiyiaith and beauty of the menoiMilis.:tn.J plea.-uie-seekers from faraud le'.-i' l't ted rhe ~wa. d of the esplanade. Hut eli.-e:-iup. they can't. krmcl; it out, yet ! Things ;ire. |bec.iming reassuring. While (iiereb bb; there's hope, as Jonas said in the belly ui'jthc whale. 1 MI. " I'' (^otincil has t:)ken over the pi.T m t.-etland at a cost absurdly low " .ni; "I r. i wjit a 1 be enormity of the sum I bV the late company in its con- I rue 1 . !" . 'This will mean a decided ad- < i imsiiiess people as no time is to b be-.' in making the baths ready for the •e .!- •:.•! -.•( jcerv large number of whom are e-eit.-.in to Jinnor the iown with their presence this season. With the abolition of Pie penny tijll and the settlement of the weather there is e\er\ probability that i- Soinbpoi t will again see bright and happy days, aud ibai with the exil of the long standing eontrowrsv about buying the j.-ity. the days of Southport's adversity are in a fairjîway to depart forever. SKNIOK SjkugeaXT CARKY is, we learn, shortly to H)i' transferied from Southport io (jytnpie.i His rank in the service entitles liini tji a station of mucli more im- poruilice tl ii our own. while his wide exefiiciency as an officer will be | eriencc an >f much valine to the Government and the communitvjin administering the affairs of a iargf an'.i important police district. Senior Serjeant Carey has always been 8 courteous aj^d obliging officer, and atten tieej t C N b i l w f a S a b h w S p W t • p p o n Soutn^î^vjll be^yery gèrfërally regretted; for while faithfully discharging his duties aud keeping i the town and district ; free from aqy semblance of crime by promptly ejecting doubtful characters, he has made many friends in his private capacity, i THE; Chrjinidthat is our respected contemporary at Toowoomba, in a paragraph, [ say^ that His Excellency the Governor w|l[ not take up his residence at Southport during the hot weather, this year, bût will fix it at Toowoomba. Our contemporary is not altogether sure of this, but, hai reason to believe so. Well, we have gonk a good way in our time to give every man credit for sincerity injthat particular bjjlieE in which bis soul's siilra tion was staked, but, with "all due' respects we btlieve. that the belief of; our hon. friend ï^not composed of that number of articles which go to make a fiaith, but is merely ;the proverbial line and hook which the transparency of the baid has exposed. The Governor is too cute â fish to be caught «o that Toowoomba will taave to be content with smaller fry. The Viceregal i party jiUiy again fix their residence at Sotithport during the hot weather) and more : ^leparntions are being matle So reeeive .one or two distinguished f-irjiilir from T|>OWO< ttaba. One niav catch? dd j birds with cïitf,but a Governor—never ! ] Du. II AN COCK has been appointed Government Medical Gfficer for Southport district. So far did old Bismarck carry his political animosities in the olden days,that he and Marshal von Moltke were bat on the coldest speaking terms. Neither has ever dined a' the other's house. IT is notified in our business coiumns that an important sale of household furniture will take place to-day at Mr. W. C. Welsh's Auction Mart. Household utensils of all kinds will be offered at the sale, which is announced for 11 a.m. IN the estate of T. Lenneberg, Mr. L. N. Benjamin, Auctioneer, Brisbane, has been instructed to sell, on Monday next, at his mart, 111, Queen-street, the whole of the piece of laud, being subdivision 12, of re subdivision 5, portion 12, situate in Queen-street, Southport. OF Polonius, I have sometimes fancied that the dramatist meant to leave it for the world—iF, indeed, Shakespeare ever thought of the world—a problem as perplexing in its small way as that of Hamlet himself. Was he a dotard or a sagacious old man ; surely there is admirable sense in his parting counsels to his son. AT the School of Arts on Tuesday next, a meeting will be held asper advertisement the object of which is the resuscitation of lawn tennis in Southport. An attempt will be made to revive the old club which we ^i^atll fre attended with Success. prepJrfi£î(Jn must be made to combat the adepts who annually visit Southport. ACCORDING to Sir Tollemac Sinclair, whojis conducting a fierce warfare with I)r. Clark, M.P. in the columns of a home paper, the Duke of Fife had in 1883 an income of £72,563 in land, but is understood to have sold about half. The Duke of Portland with £88.350 a year in land, h«s sold more than £100,000 at Caithness. The Marquis of Breadalbane has £08.202 a year ; and the Earl of Derby £lt)?i.27;i from land and nearly as much again from other sources. A COMPLIMENTARY banquet will be tendered to Messrs. Phillpott Brothers, on the occasion of their leaving the district, on Saturday, November 7th, at Nerang. We feel assured from the esteem and respect exhibited towards Messrs. Philpott, on all occasions in the district, that the attendance on the evening of the banquet will be such as will signify the appreciation of their townsmen for two gentlemen whose efforts on their behalf during their sojourn in the district have 1>een unremittiug. ('EKTArxi.Y the best 'medicine known I? SANT'KI: and Sox'S EUCALYPTI EXTC.ACT. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza ; the relief is iiis;tautatieous. In serious cases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest, remedy :—no swelling—no inflammation, Like, surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, diarrhoia. dysentery, diseases of rhe kidney and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and clinics all over the glol>e ; patronised by His Majesty the King of Italy ; crow ned with medal aud diploma of International Exhibition. Amsterdam Trust in this approved article and reject a others. IT notified that Sergeant Anders H. he Sandgate Police Station, been acting .P.S., and Electoral Registrar of the undah electorate for some years past, is eing transferred to here. He was always n high favour at Sandgate as he doubtess will also be in the new sphere to hich his labours are about being trans erred. Sergreant Primrose, of, Nerang nd formerly of Nundah, will succeed ergeant Anderson, and, while all must dmit both the amiability and capaility with which his duties in the district ave, on erery occasion, been discharged, e should strongly advise evildoers at that their new Primrose will a bit rough as a buttonholer. Aln. liibiiB. the new Premier of N. S. ales, having chosen to occupy a position in opposition to Sir Henry Parkes. lias scouted the idea of coalition, and has the rery best members of his with portfolios for the Ministerial ffices, as follows :—Premier and Colonial Secretary, Mr. G. R. Dibbs : Attor ney General, Mr. E. Barton -, Minister for Works, Mr. W. J. Lyne ; Minister for Mines, Mr. T. M. Slattery : Treasurer, Mr. .John See: Minister for Lands, Mr. II. Copeland ; Public Instruction, Mr. F. B. Sutton ; Minister for Justice, Mr. R. E. OConnor ; Postmaster, Mr. John Kidd : Vice President of the Executive Council. Sir Julian Salomons. The new- Ministry is almost purely Protectionist. »nd the selection is admirable. THK most striking thing about the Frenchman is his fondness for France. This is not mere patriotism. The Englishman is patriotic, and warbles there is no place like home ; but give him the means, aud he lives out of it most of the year. The Scot is patriotic : but there is a touch of trath »s .well as of .malice iu the saying ihat tbe finest prospect ir? -ever " ' 'frcW'V'V thiit t«Jirn ill îm. iff bat peer or peasant, landlord or land leagder, In- will do anything not to abide! in Ireland. But your average Frenchman will not of his own impulse abandon France for so much as a single day. Oat of it, he pines to return ; exiled for ever, he constructs a community as like his fatherland as possible, so that French Canada is still the very image of France before the Revolution, and the purlieus of Leicester-square suggest a dull and coarse and dingy corner of Paris—as it were a translation into publisher's English of a good French novel. On Sunday afternoon last, Mr.Gartside, whilff proceeding to his plantation on the Coomera, by what is known as the short cut, OB horseback, accidentally collided with the overhanging branch of a tree, by which he was thrown from his horse and rendered insensible. The fall inflicted a severe wound Qn the side of. Iub head extending from the temple to the back of the head. Word of rhe accident was sent to Sergeant Pumrose, who, pu arrive! die scene found him iu tlie condition de scribed above! His injuries -were attended to by Hi- /hockway, of Snuthpurt, and after arrival here he was conveyed to juries Brisbane. have proved It would more appeir serious that than "the jvas in at first supposed. 