THE G0REF1ELD FAMILY 3H0ST. ft The ancient house of Gorefield, of Gore field Grange, near tho town of Ooreham, Ridingshire, was Happy in the possession of, a family ghost. Like the famous Hohon zollern Weisse Dame, it came on tho scene only as a prognostication of the appearance of the fell sergeant,' as each Gotefiolx? frhb saw it was Supposed to die within the year. But the Gqv-fiEold ghost was mado of sterner stuff •cl.n sighing arid shrieking women in white or in rustling silk, or banshees, with which a host of blood-curdling fiction-writers have made us so familar. This spirit belonged to the other sex, and when ho appeared it was in knightly, full-steel panoply, armed cap-a pie, like Hamlet's fathor, with thti accom paniments of a clanking 8\V0rd and jingling spurs. Only, unlike the somewhat long-' winded incorporeal royal Dane, the Gore field gentleman had never been known to apeak. They were a proud race, thoso Goroficlds, and their family traditions were almost put j on a level with their creed. Consequently, when a Gorefield sot ejTJS on the spectre knight, ho or aho dutifully gave himself or herself up for lost, with a dev6tion almost Malvommedan in its character ; and, as a matter of course, found peaceful quarters ill the Gorefield Abbey famuy vault before the i year had run its course. About the ghost—-well its Story fs some what vague. Sovnlver, it has for centuries been generally accepted by the Gorefield race, and taken for gospel truth by a succession of 1:he inevitable old housekeepers who have shown visitors over the Grange, that the ap parition was none other than tho spirit of Sir Marmaduke Gorefield, which was sMVe what rudely and abruptly dis^tobodied on Bosworth's gory field-. Sir Marmadukti was a staunch supporter of Richard^ And one fine morning the knight was '6'xcusably excited when he found that his son and heir had been intriguing with the Lancastrian party. Consequently, according, it seems, to the fashion of the times, Sir Marmaduke devoutly cursed his enhig off Rjtii'ijicr. A q o xueasui-u, Lhu Kiiigiit called on all the saints in the ealtjnd^r '■ ~and thb cannonisbd host was eoftSfijelrable in those days—to Witness thai if ihe cause o'f York collapsed^ scA'd tae were slain, he would haunt twis family 'for evcrm6re. As every t'OaUor of history knows—or rather, as every theatre-goer is aware—King Dick and his house received their quietus at Bosworth, Sir Marmaduke being speared close to his Royal master. The knight was as good as his oath respecting the hfyuntfihg business. But whether some potent influence compelled the spirit to limit tlVo time of his revisiting the giirfipsea or the moon to placing a damper on Ait oud descendant, a damper like unto that presumably experienced by a hapless culprit when he has had i»n interview with a black-capped judge, and tho Home Secretary has written rogretting that he cannot 8ce his way, etc.—or whether it was a cruel or ill natured preference of his ghostship'a owti, is a question that must ever remain of the speculative order. To narrate in full the old-time appearances of Sir Marmaduke to the members of many generations of the Gorefield race, males and Females, old and young, grave and gray, would be tedious reading. He has, however, only been seen once during the present centuryi That was at the festival of Easter, 1815, by Lieutenant Gorefield, of the Coldstream Guards. The gallant officer, who—considering his condition that evening—might have seen two ghosts, as he had imbibed rather freely, was, a week or two later, killed at Waterloo. But railways, steamships, daily newspapers, telegraphs, telephones, and phonographs have played sad havoc with sundry interest ing old superstitions. At the time of our story, the ghostly Sir Marmaduke, sad to relate, was very partially believed in by the members of the Gorefield family, whom. "ire shall now describe. Shortly before the data of our narrative, which is less^than, a generation agOi Squire Jiidgar Goc&neld;, a peppery old gentleMeii of ' threescore, and long a widower, liad lost his otily child, Ralph, a yOurtg Vnan of twenty five, who hrid gofte <^ufc to the States, and had Ibeqn killed i'ft \ tornado in Wisconsin. There 'Could be little doubt on the subject, fts ft gold watcli, with tho Gorefield crest and motto engraved on the back, had been found in the pocket of a body with tho face bruised beyond all recognition. A photograph of the watch was sent to England, and promptly identified by the squire, who, in an anwdntod fit of generosity, had presented tii'e article to his son on his fifteertth birthday. So the squire and his few immediate relations were mourning for Ralph for the usual period, and 'the poor lad's name and particulars of his end Were inscribed on one of the many Gore field monumental tablets in tho adjacent abbey church. But, to all appearances, tho squire grieved little. Ralph, from his point of view, had been a wilful and headstrong, youth, frho had treated with contumely all thf> parental demands. Squire Gorefield, however, had been a tyrannical and unsoci able father, and Ralph had only been too glad to got away anywhere from the frigid atmosphere of Gorefield Grange. But if the squire had exhibited only trifl ing regret for the death of his son, he dis played a distinctly acrimonious feeling for his neir-at-law, his nephew. Captain Wilfrid Gorefield, the elder of the two sons of his only brother deceased. Indeed, the squire would have preferred the younger brother James, who was a a plodding Chancery bar rister in Lincoln's Inn. Captain Gorefield had sold out of tho army; then lie had married a lady possessed of an income of one hundred pounds per annum, and therefore was compelled to augment his meagre means by working. He did a littlo in the way of journalism) in the shape of writing paragraphs, More or less veracious, for the ' Society' papers ; a little instruction in fencing ?ind calisthenics, and a little coaching of enibryo Wellingtons who were coing up for exam, st SfcndhuYst. But it was hard, unremuncratiVo work, and the captain, who was not an extravagant man, found it a tough job to make ends meet, and be able to keep the roof of a Gothic cot tage at Olapham over the heads of his wife and four young daughters. When the news of Ralph's death arrived, however, Captain Wilfrid managed to obtain an advance on the Btrcngth of his prospects from a worthy firm of gentlemen of the Israelitisli persuasion, bearing the trifling interest of seventy per cent. This sum he used to ' clear the decks' with and pay his rents.' But tho high hopes of Captain Gorefield and his helpmate respecting the prospective possession of Gorefield Grange were con siderably damped by a rumor that the squire was about to marry again, tho lady 'of his choice being Miss Greene, tho young and blooming sister of one of the curatos of the abbey. If a son were born of that marriage, tho captain well knew that for him it meant utter ruination. Needless to say, the situation at Gorefield Grange was [also keenly matched by tho firm of Hebraic Vuoney-lenders. 0"°. InOrning Captain Gorefield was elec trified by an actual invitation from the squire to spend a few days at the Grange. Wilfrid, though he had been rather intimate with Ralph (albeit a year or two his cousin's senior, as his, the captain's father had mar ried long before the squire) had never met his austere uncle since he was a boy. But a sentence or two in the old gentleman's note let the motive out. A legislator of the nomadic order, Mr. Carpette Bagge who had been defeated when contesting a Cornish borough at a lato general election, was now put forward as a candidate for South-west Ridingshire, as a vacancy had just oc curred through the death of its member of Parliament. Mr. Carpette Bagge was_'sub rosa' the nominee of the Duke of Riding shire, and it w-is in obedience to a hint from his graco respecting tho advisability of having on the platform with the candidate the gentleman who one day might be master of Gorefield Grange that the squire, sorely against his will, wrote, placing his hospitablo roof at his ne]")licw's disposal. Captain GoreGeld read thelotterto hiswifo at tho breakfast table within their Gothic cottage at Clapham. Tho poor lady, who had been prodigiously upset by tho news of the squire's approaching marriage, received the information with languid interest. Suddenly sho exclaimed :—• ' About that family ghost of yours, Wilfrid, I should be perfectly relieved, I declare, if , the thing should appear to your curmudgeon j of an uncle while you are at the Grange. Bless mo ! if I had your chance, I'd slip on one of the suits of armour hanging about, that you have told me of, in regular Joan of Arc fashion, and frighten tjio life out of the J oldwrotchi' Captain Gorofielcl did not like to hear the sacred institution of his race thus irreverently touchod upon. He frowned) and said severely ;— 1 Ami tfriltSG uncle to die within the year. That, my dear,would never do ; it would be positively a case of constructive lUUrdfer.' While Mrs. Goi'elleld wtis railing away re specting the squire's matrimonial intentions} the captain sUddehly toSej ailtl lighting a cigarj stfeppbu oUtside, and strolled about Within the circumscribed limits of the, back garden. For some time he was apparently engaged in deep mental cogitation. Then he . exclaimed to himself, 1 By Jove, my old lady's idea is a good one 1 I'm in a financial mess, and my desperate situation may serve to allay the prickings of consGiencei Yes; by Jove, I'll tr-V it on I OilptAih Gorefield thereupon dressed and caught a 'bus for London Bridge. Arrived thither, he crossed the river and made his way to the Tower. Within the famous armoury of that historical edifice the gentle man spent about an hour, and made a minute examination of the style of fastenings, etc., of old cuirasses, greaves, ftiid gauntlets, and the mechanism of various fashions of visors. The meeting between the uncle and nephew took place in the presence of Mr. Carpette Bagge, and was certainly not over-cordial. The Gorefields, who it may be mentioned; both suffered fipm deWitiVe 'vision, took keen iUe&sWre; of each other through their glftases. The squire studiously avoided in quiring after Mrs. Gorefield and the four Misses Gorefield at Clapliam. Ab the oaptain took stock of the gloomy building he thought to'himself, ' By Jove, if I were mrtatet here I'd throw some life into the fionceirn t' But the ilepjletir 8&\V little of his uncle. Mr. CarjVetVe Bagge had begun a vigorous 'canvass, and what with house to house solicitation for support, and speech making in the afternoon and evening, there was little time to admit of a colloquy between the affectionate relatives. One pieEe of intelligence, however, infi nitely delighted the captain. The fair Miss Greene, who, in respect of negotiations matrimonial with the old squire* had been subjected to considerable presaWre fl-oitl her brother Snd had now. to use a siang phrase, cut up rusty, is he had flatly refused, to become Mrs. Gorefield, and, fur ther1, ivas encouraging the addresses of a handsome lieutenant of dragoons, who was quartered in an adjacont garrison toWih This turn of affairs, needless to say, did not impro /e thes'quire'B bad, temper, though the news afforded unfcdtthde'd pleasure to Mrs. j Gorefield at ulapham. I . if S4uire Gorefield possessed a confidential friend, k was in the person of his physician, Dr. Battersby. - The squire kept but few secrets from the medico, and the loUer gentleman, as a just roturn, supplied the former with everything in the way of gossip going on that he could think of. Dr. Butters by.had been deputed to pump the captain, and the latter, not knowing how tlie land lay, was injudicious enough to inform the physician of the satisfaction he felt that the marriage had been broken off. When the squire heard from the doctor this news, he facetiously growled : ' It would serve the fellow right if old Sir Marmaduke would turn up at his bedside, just for this once !' ' Oh, Gorefield,' put in the doctor, 'can you credit it 1 ( Yollr esteemed nephew J3 R staunch believer in the family ghost, which I think is more than you are ; at least I ima gine you are a 'leetle' sceptical on the subject. He looks to me like a poor nervous creature, just of the excitable class of folks who, if they set eyes on anything they can't account for, may die of fright out right !' ' The ghost!' exclaimed the squire. 'What on earth mado the pair of you start that sub ject?'^ . ' Well, the worthy captain made minute inquiries as to your viewB regarding your Interesting family institution ' ' And what answer did .you give him?' ' I said; 1 Yqli'dJttetVui.'asK J"o\ir uncle per sonally. He is the best judge as to his beliefs,' That was my reply.' The squire grimly and humorously re marked, ' Well, what I have to say is this; if the good Sir Marmaduke is solicitous to do a service to humanity, he'd better lose no time in showing up to Master Wilfrid. The election is on Tuesday, and I don't want him here any longer.' The election came off and Mr: Oai-jpette Bagge, who, byi the WAy1, was staying at the Grange1, Was somewhat unexpectedly returned ljy. a narrow majority. The squire, A'ho after Dr. Battersby's state ment, had adopted a studied supercilious and insulting manner to his nephew, would have got rid of the captain at once. But, through a sentence dropped by the jubilant Duke of Itidingshire, the nephew, who had really worked hard on the election, was invited to a dinner patty to be given within the Grange the succeeding night, which his grace was to honor with his presenco. . A formal dinner was an exceptional affair within tho sombre iiianor house; therefore the meftgre staff of domestics was augmented by cooks,and several temporary menials hired from outside, and all were in a fever-heat of preparation for the important event. The squire occupied a bedroom on the second floor of the east wing of the house, and Mr. Carpette Bagge, M.P., and the captain were accommodated in the west wiug. The wide corridor traversing the main part of the building which connected the ex tremities was blocked up by a multitude of trestles and buckets, as a stiff of painters was at a work in the passage. Therefore, to reach the one wing from tho other, a person would need to descend the staircase, cross the hall, and ascend the stair on the opposite side. Late in the aftetnoOh amid the bustle attehdaht Oh tanking ready for 'dinner, while tho squire, choleric Arid eicited, wAs super intending operations, Captain Gorefield softly aliiiped Upstairs. After furtiv^y puicih'g nbout to make sqre "h6 Was ,~*t observed, he prospected the corridor outside his bedroom, in which there were several suits of armour displayed. With the view of getting a correct fit, the gentleman took a visored helmet from one sort, tt euiirass from another, greaves and gauntlet from, a third and fourth, and cartyihgtheintb ilio fcha'nib'er, achieved ft tig-iAlt tit mailed articles, archieologically speaking, of a rather ' com posite' character. These, after being sub mitted to a dusting process, ho concealed under his bed. Then Captain Gorefield reached the hall, and sneaking up to the squire's chamber in tho opposite wing, made careful inspectation of the locks of the door, and found, to his great satisfaction that it was out of order and would not wbrt. The dinner pass'e'd oil stiifly, but satisfac torily. Besides the Duke of Ridingshire Captain Gorefield, Mr. Carpette Bagge, M.P. aid Dr. Batlersby, a dozen neighbouring gentlemen had been invited. Carriages had been ordered for 12, and when that hour struck the party broko up, and the several guests were driven a\Vay. Dr. Battersby had been invited by tho squire to pass the night at the Grange, and was accommodated with a chamber adjoining that of the master of the house. Having bade each other good-night, the four proceeded in different directions to bed. While ascending the stair, Mr. Carpette Bagge, M.P-., talked volubly to tho captain ; but the latter, having more serious business on hand, hardly answered a word, and plead ing indisposition, immediately sought his room. As the reader may have conjectured, Captain Gorefield had matured his plan of personating the spectre of Sir Marmaduke, and appearing at his uncle's bedside, in the charitable hope that his relative, according to the tradition of their race, would shuffle off this mortal coil within the year. AVhen all was still, Captain Gorefield, who had denuded himself of his dress clothes, and was attired only in a shirt and pants, endeavoured to put on the armour. With a muttered oath ho gave up the stc-el boots as a bad job,as they affected his corns too much. Tho rotten old leather straps of the various plates broke 111 all directions, and tho captain had to resort to tho somewhat undignified expedient of fastening the parts on with string. Having powdered his face and black moustache, and put on tho casque with the visor raised, tho improvised spectre who had elected to walk in his stockings tc en sure noiselessness affixed his glass, and after a satisfied look at himself in tho mirror, stole softly into the corridor. It was intensely cold, and as Wilfrid stealthily passed along he nhivered, and hisw teeth chattered. He was almost over powered by the weird situation, and ex claimed to himself with a shudder, 'Heavens, if I were to meet the real Sir Marmaduke just now !' When tho captain reached the door at the foot of the stair, he cautiously opened it, and peered into the gloomy! spacious hall. That apartment reached right across the base of the building, arid opposite to the porch end was a huge stained glass window of ecclesiastical pattern. As Wilfrid was gliding across the hull, the full moon, which had , been .obscured by a passing cioiid, siione out brightly, and from the window threw a varioty of prisma'.tc tints upon the floor. , Suddenly the mailed "Wilfrid uttered a hoarse cry of fear, for just opposite to him, standing on the edge of the flood of light, was another figuro in cap- a-pie armour. A misfc rose before the captain's eye, _ and lie Would doubtless have fainted outright, had Hot thfe Bppdsitloh sjjebttb—Which, curi ously enough, appeared to be equally ' har rowed with fear and wonder*—dropped its drawn sword with a horrible crash. Then the ghosts in harness, making a simultaneous advance towards each other, came out with an oath botokening disgust and annoyanoo) for each perceived that the other under the raised Visor, was Wearing a pince nez ! The armoured apparition which had so startled the captain was none other than his revered uncle, who, by a remarkable Colnci deijoe, had conceived the sanle rascally scheme of posjng as a counterfeit present ment tif Sir Marmaduke, and putting, liter-y ally, the fear "of death on his nephew. Tl'ieaquirc nervously pulled off his casque, and sending it clattering over the'floor, croaked angrily : ' What do you mean, you rascal, inasauer adlng about ih hly hoilse iri that filshion.1' ... . Thojie^heW;] Who had soiiiewhSt frtibotfcjrSd iiiinself, replied, coolly ' Well, I suppose, on the identical little game as yourself !' The uncle responded, 'This is my house, sir, and.I can do what I please in it.' * Look here,' said the oaptain ; ' if I'm a humbug and a rogue, you're a higger. I am glad now that my personation of the Gore field family ghost didn't come off. I'm a trifle troubled with feelings and a conscience J you've got neither: YoUr treatttteiit of. ydUt son Ralph Was Bnoiij*h td convince 1116 bf that! j'pr tiW fdiiiily credit it will be as well to keep our lip3 sealed respecting this idinf-.in business,, "NT«:n«« would show up well if the story leaked out. It's war to the knife be tween us now. Go on, do your worst 1 I leave this place to-morrow 1' ' ; -I A retort, mightly discourteous, Was on the infuriated stjuire'p. ljpsj wheti the Soliii'ds Wheels 'dutsicJe considerably disconcerted the gentlemen in armour. A hurried foot was heard ascending the steps, and thundering knocks at the door succeeded. The squire excitedly snarled, ' Strip off those infernal things, and see who that is 1 Don't allow any of the servants to be awakened.' Amid repeated knocks, the captain, swear ing profusely the while, managed to free himself from his cumbtpua panoply. , After grufily whispering to his uncle, ' Get behind that high chuir, you old fool, or the place will be taken for Bedlam !' ho opened th e door on the chain. 4 Who's there V he cried. ' Is it you Jennings V a cheery voice re plied. ' Are you still here,old chap ? Sorry to have got you out of bed.' With a cry of astonishment and dismay, the (Hptain Undid the chain and admitted the visitor, who. w;As stiUwitt; bearded yotlng niilti. 11 beg pardon,' the strange!1 ex claimed, 'I thought you were the eld footman. Good gracious, Wilfrid ! is it you ? I didn't recognise you with your whitened physog. Have you boen indulging in the unwonted amusement of amateur theatricals at Gore field Grange, on what 1 Don't you know me, man t I'm cousin Ralph 1 .' Good heavens ! we all thought you were dead !' murmured the amazed Captain Wil frid. ' What, dead ! Well, here I am to effectu ally disprove the supposition. I arrived in London this morning from 'Frisco, after a tedious Voyage rotihd the Horn. I didn't telefji-a^hj or ilnj'tiiihg j jiist thbttght.Ild sur prise the establishment. How is dad V The answer was a deep groan and a heavy fall, as of some metallic substance, on the oaken floor,! Ralph rushed forward, and by the dim light perceived the familiar features of his father, with his body cased in armour, stretched out insensible. ' What, in Heaven's name, has been the matter V Ralph Sried to Wilfrid. 'Hush!' spoke the latter. .'Let's get these things off and carry him to bed. It's a mercy Dr. Battersby's in the house.' Squire Edgar Gorefield was conveyed to his couch, and the medical gentleman promptly summoned. But he was past all earthly aid. He never regained conscious ness from the shock of his given-up-for-dead son's sudden reappearance. He died a few days later, succumbing to a long-standing affection of the heart. His remains were in terred within Gorefield Abbey, and Squire Ralph reigned, in his stead; , Ralph Gorefield g.ive a. Simple feiplabatioil of the Watch mystery. Mis pocket had beeti picked of the article, and after tho tornado it was doubtless found on the mangled body of the thief. The young man—who, during tho interval, had been on an expedition to Alaska— averred that he had twice written home, but the missives had somehow never reached their destination. The new squire promptly engaged a work man, skilled in the use of tho chisel, to erase his name and particulars of his supposed death from tho marble tablet in tho abbey. Captain Gorefield, sobered and penitent, made a clean breast of the ghost impersona tion business. Squire Ralph was all forgive ness, as he was liberal- minded enough to per ceive, respecting tilts worthies Kohcerned; that it was, in regird to viliainOiis intentions, a case Of six of the one and half a dozen of the other. Ralph cleared his cousin from Vi-i nitTi^ni tieswith the Jew; und toftnaged7o Jrocure ...hi an appointment as manager of a fruit farm in California. To that golden State, therefore, the_ captain gladly proceeded, to gether with his wife and four daughters. Squire Ralph soon made a perceptible dif ference In the conduct of affairs in the Grange,. ^ and that ,erpt gloomy inansioii alindst directly earned tlifj reputation of being one of the jolliest in Ridingshire. Afterwards he married the handsome daughter of a neighboring baronet. Squire Ralph, for another thing, com pletely renounced tho hereditary politics of his family, and enthusiastically attached him self to the other side. He stood 'or South westi Ridingshire "at the succeeding general election, and, by reaspn of his lobal popularity, ignoiiliniously routed Mr. Carpette Bngge. It is satisfactory to add that the present genial squire has not as yet, received a visit from the shade of his doughty Yorkist ances tor, Sir Marmaduke. Indeed, Ralph is a confirmed sceptic, and is wont to laughingly assort it as his opinion that the Gorefield family ghost is effectually laid. —11 Weekly Budget." Menthol and Hay Fever.—In a note published in the "British Medical Journal" Dr. Lennox Wainwright states that lie has found monthol, mixed with carbonate of ammonia, and used as smelling salts, the most useful remedy that ho has tried out of tho great number that have been recom mended from Lime to timo for hay fever. Tho patients say that all irritability dis appears, and in many cases they get no re turn of tho symptoms. Aksenic in Wall-papers.—In connection with our ("Public Opinion") observations in tho " Lancet " of 4th July on ' Arsenic as a Domestic Poison,' a correspondent informs us that, notwithstanding tho now 'prevalent use of non- arsenical colours, tho means of poisonous contamination still exist in many rooms where they aro least expected. The reason for this is to be found in the custom of repapering a room without previously stripping it. Thus from five to twolve successive layers have been found on a single wall, the whole being strongly impregnated with arsenic used for the purpose of decora tion at any time within the last twenty-five to fifty years. Tho fact is one too obviously instructive to call for more than passing com ment, and it may explain some eases of obscure arsenical poisoning, tho nature of which without such evidence would bo most, difficult of detection. The paper last applied, if non-poisonous, must of courso materially check the transit of arsenical particles from deeper layers ; but it is, after all, an imper fect safeguard. Decomposition and sublim ation between them, especially where aidod [ by the wear of time or tho solvent action of damp, must sooner or later shed | some of the poisonous matter into i tho room. We need not now discuss once | more the possible consequences,and it should j j not be necessary to impress the warning ! clearly conveyed in this timely rovelation of i a lurking danger. 