THE WORLD, THE FLESH AND THE DEVIL. -BY MISS BRADDON, Authorof "LadyAudley'sSecret," "Phantom; Fortune;" "Dead Men's Shoes,'' "Cut by the County," "Taken at the Flood," " Weavers and Weft," "One Tiling Need ful," " Mohawks," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTERXVII.-LOST, LOST! ONE MOMENT KNELLED THE WOE OP YEAKS. Gerard let three whole days go by without ' making any attempt to see Hester. Lovelace himself could hardly have been more diplo matic. He was completely miserable in the interval, counted the hours, and wondered per petually whether the woman he loved was hungering for his presence as he hungered for hers. He spent tne greater part of his time with Jermyn ; driving to Richmond one day to dine at the Star and Garter, and sit late intoi the night watching . the mists rising in the valley and the stars shining on the river, driv-' ing to Maidenhead on another day and loiter ing on the river till midnight, and sitting in a riverside garden smoking and talking half through the sultry summer night; and m this long tete-a-tete he sounded the uttermost depths of Justin Jermyn's godlessness and cheerful egotism. "The one thing that I am certain of in this Rhadamanthine universe," said this easy-going philosopher, "is that I, Justin Jermyn, exist, and this being my one certainty I hold that my one duty-the duty I owe to myself-is to be happy and to make the best of the brief span which I am to enjoy on this earth. Reason tells me that to be happy and to live long I ] must abjure passion- reason tells me that serenity of mind means health and prolonged life; and to this end I have learned to take life lightly, as a farce rather than a tragedy, and to give my affection neither to man nor woman -to be slave neither of friendship nor love. A selfish philosophy, I grant you; but self is my only certainty. "An admirable philosophy, if it were as easy to practise as to preach. And have von never loved?" "Never, in the fashion that you call love. I have never been unhappy for a woman's sake." "And the domestic affections - father, mother, family ?" " I never knew them. I was flung as a waif upon the world, reared upon charity, the architect of my own fortune-such as it is. I am like Hester Summerson in 'Bleak House.' MJt mother was my disgrace and I was hers. I am at least so far a follower of St. Paul that I owe no man anything; I sink the second part of the precept." Gerard meditated upon Jermyn's character as he drove home towards daybreak, the man himself slumbering by his side. It was perhaps only natural that a man cut off from all family ties, cheated of mother's love anrl father's friendship, a stranger to every bond of bloo;l Telationship, should have grown up to man hood heartless and passionless, should have trained himself to the settled calm of a philo .sophieal egotism, attaining in the morning of life that immunity from all the pains and penalties of the affections which the average egotist only achieves in old age. Gerard looked at the sleeper wonderingly, almost with envy. The fair pale face was un marked by a line that told of anxious thought -or deep .feeling. . The sleeper's lips were parted in a faint smile, as if even in sleeping he felt .the sensuous pleasure of life on a fair summer .morning-the perfume of flowers from a hun dred gardens, the soft breath of the wind creeping up from the west, warm with the .glow of last night's sunset. The joy of living ! it-s, this man who loved no one enjoyed life ill all its . fulness; and he, Gerard, with two millions to spend, and, it might be, less than two years to spend them in, was miserable miserable because of the cowardly incertitude which made him unable to take the straight and honorable road to happiness while the sinuous and evil way lay open to him. He went to Chelsea at dusk 011 the third evening after Hester bade liim farewell outside the gate of the little garden. She came quickly to the door in answer to .his'knock, and lie was startled at the change which three days had made in her. The first words she spoke told him that it was not love of him which had so altered her, but poignant anxiety about her father, "He has never been home since that night," slie said ignoring every other thought. "I hare been in search of him at every place that I could think of as possible for him to liavegone to, but I have not found any trace of him since Tuesday night-the night you were here. He was at the Swan Tavern that night sitting in the coffee-room drinking brandy and water till the house closed. He was talking a good deal, . and he was very excited in his manner when he left, but the people would not tell me. if he had drunk much. They pretended not to know how much brandy had been served to him. I have been to the police-office, and the river has been dragged along by the embankment where he, and I used always to walk. They were very good to me at the police-station, and they promised to do all they can to find him, living or dead. But oh," with a burst of uncontrollable weeping, "I fear they will never find him alive. He could have had only a little money, and he must have spent it all on brandy, and then when he was mad with drink-ah, you don't know how drink maddens him-he may have walked into the river, or thrown himself in, miserable and despairing. He was at the Swan at eleven o'clock, only a few minutes walk from the river, and I can find no one who saw him after that hour. I think he must have meant to come home-I don't think he would wilfully desert me-but some accident, some fit of madness " She could not speak for sobbing. Gerard j led her into the parlor, where the old man's ! empty .eliair reminded him of that last inter view and of his diabolical trap to catch a weak sinners feet. Looked at in the light of Hester's grief to-night and the awful possibilities she suggested his crime seemed murder. "I will go to Scotland Yard, Hester, I will set the cleverest detectives in London at Avork, and it shall go hard if they don't find your father. My dearest, don't give way to these morbid imaginings. ]3e sure he is safe some where-only hiding because he feels _ that he has broken down and disgraced himself in' your eyes. He has been afraid to come home, knowing how grieved you would be at his backsliding. Be comforted, dear love." His arms were round her, and he" drew the pale pinched face to his own, and again their lips met, but this time Hester's kiss was the Idss of despair. She clung to her lover in her grief and fear. She forget the peril of consolation from that poisonous source. What comfort could he give her about her father, except the assurance that all that wealth could do to find him should be done, and that once being found every possible means should be taken to ensure his safety and wel fare in the future. He told her that there were doctors who had made such eases as her father's their chief study, homes where her father could be surrounded with every luxury, and yet secured from the possibility of indul gence in his fatal vice. He showed her how happy and free from care her future might be if she would only trust her own fate and her father's to him-and then came words of love, burning words that have been spoken again ! and again upon this earth with good or evil import-words that moy be true when the lips speak them, yet false within the year in which they are spoken-words that promise an eternity of love, and may be uttered in all good faith and yet prove lighter than the thistle down wafted across summer pastures. Three days ago she had been strong to resist the tempter-strong in womanly pride and maiden modesty. To-night she was broken down by grief, worn and fevered by sleepless nights, despairing, and almost reckless. To night she listened to those vows of love. What had she oil this earth but Ins love if the father to whom she had devoted her youth was indeed lying at the bottom of the river, her purpose in life gone for ever? Who could be more lonely and friendless than she was to-night? So she listened to his pleading, heard him while lie urged her to consider how poor a thing that legal tie was which he entreated her to forego; how often, how continually cancelled by the disgraceful revelations of the divorce court. "Time was when marriage meant till death," he said, but that is a long exploded fashion. Marriage nowadays means the con venience of a settlement which will enable a man either to found a family or to cheat his creditors. _ Marriage means till husband and wife are tired of each other, and till the lady has grown hard enough to face the divorce court." And then he reminded her how the most romantic passions, the loves- that had become history were not those alliances upon which parish priest and family lawyer had smiled. He reminded her of Abelard and Heloise, of Henri's passion for Gabrielle,. and Nelson's deathless lovefor Emma Hamilton. He urged that society itself had pardoned these fair offenders for love's sweet sake. Her intellect was too clear to be deceived by such shallow reasoning. On the very brink of the abyss she recoiled. Loving him with all her heart, knowing that life without him meant a colorless and hopeless existence-a hand to hand struggle with ad versity, knowing by too bitter experience that to be well,bom and poor meant lifelong humili ation, she yet had the strength to resist his pleading. "Your wife or nothing," she said, "I never meant to hear your voice again after that night. I prayed to God that we might never meet again. And now for my father's sake I humiliate myself so far as to ask your help. If you will bring him back to me I will thank and bless you-and will try to forget your degrad* ng propositions." " Degrading, Hester!" he cried reproachfully, trying to take her hand again, the hand that had lain softly in his a few moments ago. "Yes, degrading! What could you say to any wretched lost woman in London worse than you have said to me ? You talk to me of love-and you offer'me shame for my portion." " Hester, that is a woman's narrow way of looking at life. As if the priest and the ring made any difference." "If you cared for me you would make me your wife." "I am not free to marry, Hester. I am bound by a tie which I cannot break yet awhile. The tie may be loosened in years to come, and then you shall be my -wife. We will have the priest and the ring the whole legal ' and ecclesiastical formula- although that for mula will not make me one whit more your slave than I am this night." "I don't want a slave," she said resolutely; "I want a husband whom I can love and honor. And now I am going back to the police station to ask if there is any news." "Let me go with you." . "I had rather you went to Scotland Yard, as you promised." " I will go to Scotland Yard. I will do any thing to prove my love and loyalty." " Loyalty I Oh, Mr. Hillersdon, do not play with words. I am an ignorant, inox perinced girl, but I know what truth and loyalty meau-and that you have violated both to me." They left the house together in opposite directions. Gerard walked towards Oakley street, hailed the first cab he met, which took him to Scotland Yard, where lie saw the officials and gave a careful description of the missing Nicholas Davenport, age, personal characteristics, manners, and habits. When asked if the missing man had any money about him at the time of his disappearance he pro fessed ignorance, but added that it was likely; he had money. It was late in the evening when he left Scotland Yard, and he went into the park and roamed about for some time in a purposeless manner, his brain fevered, his .nerves horribly shaken. This horror of Nicholas Davenport's fate absorbed his mind at one moment, and in the next he was think ing of Hester and his rejected love, troubled, irresolute, full of pity for the woman he Joved, full of tenderest compassion for scruples which seemed to him futile and foolish in the world as he knew it, where illicit liaisons were open secrets, and where no man or woman re fused praise and honor to sin in high places. He pitied the simplicity which clung to virtue . for its own sake, a strange spectacle in that great guilty city, a penniless girl sacrificing love and gladness for the sake of honor. He went from the park to the Small Hours, a club where he knew he was likely to find Jermyn, who rarely went to bed before the summer dawn. "It is bad enough to be obliged to go to bed by candle light from October to March," said Jermyn, who declared that any man who took more than three or four hours' sleep in the twenty-four shamefully wasted his existence. "We are men, not dormice," he said, "and we are sent into this world to live- not to sleep." Gerard found Jermyn the life of a choice little supper party, where the manners of the ladies, although they were not strictly " in society, were irreproachable, so irreproachable, indeed, that the party would have been dull but for Justm J ermyn. His ringing laugh and easy vivacity sustained the gaiety of the party and made the champagne more exhiliratiug than the champagne of these latter days is wont to be. "A capital wine, ain't it?' he asked, gaily. " It's a new brand, 'Tin de Siecle,' the°only wine 1' care for." Gerard drank deep of the new wine, would ; have drank it had it been vitriol, in the hope; of drowning Nicholas Davenport's ghost; and : when the little banquet was over and youth and folly were dancing to a waltz by Strauss "in an adit-mi ug m he linked his arm through Jermyn's and led him out of the club and into the stillness and solitude of St. James's Park. Here he told his Mentor all that had happened, denounced himself as a traitor and perhaps a murderer. "It was your scheme," lie said, "you suggested the snare and you have made me the wretch I am." Jermyn's frank laughter had ,a sound of mockery as he greeted this accusation. " That is always the way," he said, " a man asks for advice and turns upon his counsellor. You wanted to get that foolish officious old father out of the way. I suggested a manner of doing it, and now you call me devil and yourself murderer." And then with airiest banter he laughed away Gerard's lingering scruples, scoffed at man's honor and at woman's virtue, and Gerard, who had long ago abandoned all old creeds for a dreary agnosticism, heard and assented to that mocking Sermon, whose text was self and whose argument was self-indul gence. "I shudder when I think of the myraids of fanatics who have sacrificed happiness here for the sake of an imaginary paradise-wretches who have starved body and soul upon earth to feast and rejoice in the New Jerusalem," said Jermyn, finally, as they parted at Buckingham gate in the first faint flush of dawn. Less than half an hour afterwards Gerard was in the Rosamond-road, and at the little iron gate that opened into the scrap of garden, where a cluster of sunflower rose superior to the dust, pale in the steel-blue light of dawn. The lamp was still burning in the parlor, and he saw Hester's shadow upon the blind. She was sitting with her elbows on the table, her face buried in her hands, and he knew that she must be weeping or pra,yi)ig\ She had let her-lamp burn on unconscious of the growing daylight. The window was open at the top, but the lower half was shut. He tapped on the pane, and the shadow of a woman's form rose up suddenly, and broadened over the blind. "Hester, Hester," he called. He raised the sasli, as she drew up the blind, and they_ stood face to face, both pale, breathless and agitated. "You have heard of him, you have seen him," she cried excitedly. " Is it good news ?" "Yes, Hester, yes," lie answered, and sprang into the room. 