THE PHANTOM CYCLIST. AN UNEXPLAINED MYSTERY." A COMPLETE STORY. [By Wit. C. Hokeiman, Author of "For Fame," ''Nat-body's Bairn," &c.;] j ? i Yon do not believe in ghosts or supernatural > appearances. That is all very well and just my own feeling about ghosts in general, but ? there is one case which I cannot explain-more , strange than any story and more startling than , anything widen you could invent-which I , shall now set before you. The case is my own. j I am now, as you may see, a full-fledged doctor, I but at that time I was simply David Moir, student, St.: Andrews. I was an enthusiastic . cyclist, and as my mother's place was only on ( the other dde of Cupar I used to ride home . regularly every Saturday and, return _ in the same way on Monday . morning. Perhaps you think I was. uncommonly i attentive for a student to my widowed mother, ( but the truth is that there - was another living j near Blairmount who drew me just as steadily , as the pole draws the magnet iieedle. - Her , name was Jenny Palmer.. I had loved, her for five years, and I was always sure of a welcome from her bright eyes, though her father could have shot me with pleasure, just because Jenny v?a3 to have a little money, while 1 had none. Sometimes we managed to steal a moment or two together, but it was very difficult, for her father was cunning as a fox, and watchful as a. gaoler. That was how matters stood when I one Saturday morning got a note, which ran thus-r- , , / " David Moir, if you try to see my daughter Jenny again, or speak to her or write to her or look: at her, I'll break eveiy bone in your body, though it should cost me every penny I own. " JOHN PALMER." "P.S.-I have a thick stick ready for you, and you know I am able to use it. J.P." By the same post I got another note, written in such scrawling characters that I scarcely recognised the hand, and much blotched with tears, whichsaid simply "Papa will be away to-morrow (Saturday) fronv2 o'clock till about 4. JENNY." '.I knew what that meant-that I could have a few minutes chat with her in a plantation at the back of her house by signalling that I was there. The writing and blotches told me that there had been a scene, and that it was possible that .I was to meet her and clasp her in my armsfor the last time. ' I think it only fair to set all that down I was in full possession of my faculties, but it is possible that I may have been a little excited over the thought of losing her. I had not tasted drink nor _ touched any. drug which could have excited my imagination. I was angry of course, and con sidered both Jenny and myself very baaly used/iand if I had met John Palmer and he had tried to strike me I should have gone for him. tooth and nail, though I am rather slender and he was tall and strong as a giant. It was just before the Christmas holidays, and I bad not intended to go home that Saturday, but these two notes made me change my mind. I dressed in a cycling suit) _ of grey tweed and put on a peculiar cap with a band of blue velvet round the rim, which I bought in London and preferred to any other, as it never came off when going against the wind. There was not another cap like it in the whole court St. Andrews. There was no snow, but the road was soft and heavy. It is a stiff climb going direct by Strathkinnes till within two miles of Cupar, when the road descends so rapidly that you need scarcely put a foot on the pedal till you get to Cupar. The wind was also against me, so it was getting pretty grey before I got to the top of the hill and prepared to get my legs over the handles for a grand shoot down to Cupar. There are woods skirting the road from that point nearly all the way down to the town, which increased the sombreness of the place,'but I could see clearly enough to have picked a pin off the road. Just then I heard the sharp "ding" of a bicycle bell close behind me, and looking round with a start I saw a cyclist in grey tweeds making up to me. He did not look at me or speak, but bent steadily over the handles as if intent only on passing me. . "Hullo you! rather a stiff pull asrainst the wind ?" I cried as he drew up on me. He made no answer, and just then I got a strange start, for I noticed that he wore a pecu liar cap with a band of blue'velvet, the iden tical of the one on my own head. Stranger still he was of my o^n height and build, was clad : -.xactly the same, and rode a 54-inch machine of the same make as my own. Tor a moment, indeed, the thought flashed upon me that what I saw was the shadow of my own person, but when he began to forge ahead I saw that I had been mistaken. "Good night," I cried after him, " take cave of the first turn." Then for the first time he raised his face and looked back at me, and I got such a horrible, shock that I nearly fell from my machine, for the sad white face turned towards me was the image of my own! I seemed, indeed, to be look ing mto amirror at my own features, paled down into a corpse-like whiteness, and with un utterable sorrow shining out of the dark eyes. The haggard features were as quickly turned away again, and then, as he shot forward, I saw him coolly get his legs over the handles to shoot the remainder of the winding road. I am not oE a nervous temperament, and I re covered quickly from the shock and resolved to get at the bottom of the mystery, so I reck lessly put on full speed without putting legs over handles, and had him in v sight again when . he had barely turned the corner of the steep brae. Then I got another shock of a kind I had had_ before and have experienced since, for I was just in time to see him and his machine go smash up against some high obstruction stretched across the road, and tumble in a confused heap on the flinty road beyond. A spill with legs over handles is seldom a serious affair, for you generally land on your feet, but the sudden swerve of the road had evidently not given him time to get ready, for he went straight forward head foremost, as if he had been shot out of a cannon; his neck bent under him as if it had been snapped, and he lay still as a stone on his back, having turned a complete somersault. " Good God, he is killed," I cried as a blood-red mist blurred out the scene, and then I had just time to put on the brake and back pedal to pull myself up and spring from my machine. I expected to find myself within ten yards of the injured man and the smashed machine, but when I had propped my machine against the hedge and turned to the spot I found nothing but the bare road. Hooked back-forward-round about, and even up into the air, but all in vain. The bicyclist and the obstruction and the smashed bicycle had vanished, and I stood alone on the road except for a stray rabbit or two crossing the road further down. If I had been startled and shocked before I now felt worse-thoroughly scared. ? . ? " It is all a trick," I said to myselF, as an eerie feeling crept over my heart. " He had made a sham fall to frighten me, and then mounted and ran on while I was dismounting. A cyclist who can do that deserves to get his neck broken." Determined to expose the trick, I quickly remounted, and went pedalling ..my fastest down the brae till I rounded the next turning, when I came upon a ploughman trudging up the road towards me on his way home. Again I dismounted and hailed the man. "Did you see a man on a bicycle just now, going down towards Cupar pretty fast?" "No, sir; there was naebody passed me," he quickly answered. "Nonsense; I saw him with my own eyes i ride past me." . ! "May be, but I didna," lie stolidly re turned. , . " Are von sure he couldn t have passed with 1 out you seeing him?" i "Sure? Dae ye think I've nae een in my j head?" and away he trudged in high dudgeon. I mounted and rode on without solving- the mystery. I had enough trouble of my own to fill my mind, but I could not get rid of the strange incident. It was quite out of all my experience and knowledge, and at length I had to put it aside with the simple conclusion that my eyes had deceived me, or that some one more clever than myself had tricked me. I went through Cupar like a flash, and got to the plantation behind Jenny's house before it was quite dark, and in her society soon forgot all I had'seen on the road. She had never looked^ so sweet or showed herself so loving, but she piti fully declared that this must be the last time I we should meet. I " Papa has had hia own way all his life, and | he innst have it now, for you know he has an affection of the heart, and any undue excite ment would kill him in a moment." "But I can wait," I heroically answered, "ten years-twenty years if necessary, and if you really love me " "If"I love you?" she echoed, with a look of tender reproach. "Well, I don't mean that," I hastily re ! sponded, stopping her words in a way of my own, " I know you do, so I can't see the need of crying and looking so broken- hearted over ifc-" ?, . , " But-but for peace sake I have promised him not to see you again without his permis sion," she faintly faltered, and then I felt as if a blade of cold steel had run into my heart. I reproached her; I upbraided her; I even stabbed her with words which should never have been uttered, and almost made her drop in a faint at my feet, but I could not move her. Her whole heart and soul belonged to me, but her duty belonged to her father, and everything : must vield to that. I had to kiss good-bye at ! last. "I was spared a long farewell, for the j servant came running out to say that Palmer ! was approaching along the front road, and | Jenny flew from my arms, and I was left there ! alone with her kiss still warm on my lips, but | a longing for death at my heart. I got out at the other side of the plantation, mounted my machine, and rode home, wishing that I might break my neclc on the way. I did not get my wish, and I suppose if I ever do break my neck it will be when'I don't wish for it and. least expect it. Did you ever have a disap pointment of that kind? I suppose not, for if any one should know how to be successful in love it is surely a story writer.' Well, I did nob need any' supper that night, and sleep never came near me. I figured it all out lying in bed. John Palmer was a /strong, healthy man .of: 45; with a 'fiat and- arm that could have staved in: my Jribs' at ablowy and in spite of the so-eallocL weakness of his heart I calculated that he would live at least 25 years longer. "I was exactly 26, so before I could hope to marry the only woman I could love I snould have reached the comfortable age of'51. And Jenny?-what would she be then? I shuddered to think of it. There was also the horrible certainty that I should be longing for the hour of a man's death, which is a bad position for anyone. To give anyone an interest in another's death is often too much-for human nature, and there could be no doubt i that at that moment I hated the man intensely. You see I was in love, and love is said to be akin to madness. After that night of agony I sank into a state of listless-indifference, and though I rode home regularly every Saturday I never managed to get a glimpse of Jenny. I believe she shut herself up from Saturday to Monday, or was shut up. by her father, knowing that I must be on the look out, and perhaps feelinjg that she could not trust herself to meet me.. I some times met her father, but only a Ibok of undy ing aversion passed between us. Iwas wearied of the place, and longing for the' time when I should remove to Edinburgh to'finish my' course, after which I intended to .go abroad and never return. While in that state I one morning woke up about fi\e o'clock .with the strange words "passing through my mind, "Something is going to happen-something is happening!1 There is nothing .in that, but the thought kept me awake,; which was un usual. ? I found myself in better spirits during the day than I had been for some time, though there was no apparent cause for the change; and in the afternoon was scarcely surprised when a telegram was placed in my hand. "It is something about Jenny or her father," was my swift thought. My heart , beat hard, yet I did not open, the telegram for a full minute. What was it ?-life or death ?-joy or tragedy ? I tore it open at last, and read-"Father ill -wants you to come-suffers terribly-will atone for all if you help him.-Jennt." A mist came over my eyes, and I pressed the senseless bit of paper to my lips. Oh, how I blessed the day when I had learned to cycle! Now for it!-it was to be a ride for life and love! I knew every inch of the road, and I could calculate to a minute when I should be at the sick man's side. I dressed swiftly, got out my machine, and ran to the nearest chemist's for some digitalis, then mounted and got out on the Strathkinnes-road. Then it struck me for the first time that I had been on that road once before under precisely the same circumstances-when the road was heavy, the wind against me, and the gloaming coming on -and with a disagreeable start I remembered the visionary cyclist. I laughed off the feeling after a moment, and said to myself as I bent over the handles "Now. would be his time to try hi3 tricks on me again; he would not find me such a fool as to stop. I am needed too much further on." In spite of the wind and. the heavy road I scarcely felt the pedals under my feet. A terrible, exultant excitement filled me, and I . could have flown against a hurricane.. Jenny, my love, was ahead, and I had been asked to come, to her! Strathkinne3 flew past like a streak of houses, and I neared the head of the hill; then I insensibly slackened my pace without knowing why. The woods were approaching, and I should soon be flying down that two miles of descent like a flash of lightning, yet I was in no hurry to get my legs over the handles. _ I reached the first belt of trees, and then "Ping!" went the bell of a bicycle behind me, and I started round exactly as I had done once before, and saw the same phantom cyclist; clad like myself, and wearing the same cap," steadily pegging away at the pedals to pass me. "Hullo you! don't try any more of your tricks on me!" I shouted as he reached my side." "I'm in a hurry to-night." Heniadeno reply, but he raised his head and gave me another pitiful look out of hiB corpse-like face, and flew on. The face was my own, but it was a dead face, all but the eyes, which were deep and shining. " I'll keep up with him this time," wa3 my swift response, "and see how he works the trick." . But though I was now actually pedalling downhill and sheltered from _ the wind he distanced me easily and soon disap peared ronnd the bend. of the road as before, a quarter of a mile ahead of me. _ "I'll catch him up yet," I cried, as I reck lessly put on more speed, but before I had cleared half the dfstance to the bend of the road I saw him come running back on foot round the bend of the road and stretch out his aims in eager warning, as if to bar theroad to me. A signal like that can never be mistaken, whether in civilised country or a- savage one. It means " Stop for your life! something in the way !" and I was back-pedalling with the break on before I had time to think of tricks or anything else. So sudden was the warning and pull up that had I not leant back with all my weight the machine would have .tilted me clean over the handles. As it was I just managed to save myself, and leaped down as I reached the bend of the road, when the first object that caught my eye was a waggon of potatoes lying across the road with one wheel off, and neither horse nor carter near. " My God ! what a close shave!" I ex claimed as I propped my machine at thei side of the road and turned to thank my saver-" If it hadn't been for that warning I should have run into that waggon and been killed on the spot." I looked around and then felt my blood begin to. freeze, for there was not a being in sight! The phantom cyclist had vanished, his machine had vanished, and there I was stand ing staring stupidly at the broken-down cart and sacks of potatoes which had so nearly killed me. "Iknow he was there, for I saw him," I persisted to myself, and I ran back lOund the corner to make sure he had not gone back towards Strathkinnes. I might as well have hunted for a vanished streak of moonlight. The phantom was gone for ever and I have never seen him since. _ I tried to move the cart round from crossing the road, but failed owing . to 'its great weight; but while I was thus exerting myself a couple of men appeared further down the road bringing a fresh horse and a spare cart wheel. I nearly jumped down their throats in anger at them for leaving the cart right across the road at a bend where no one could have warning, but the stupid brutes could not see it, and plainly hinted that they were the sufferers-not I. I had no time to argue the point with them, and merely made sure that they had seen no cyclist dash down the road before me, and iode on. I found John Palmer in great distress; but by remaining by him for the night and giving him judicious doses of the digitalis which I had brought with me I managed to so far relieve him as to earn his gratitude and thanks. One remark of Jenny's struck me as strange. When we parted in the morning-that is, when her father insisted on me going to bed there in his house, instead of going home to Blairmount, she clung to me tenderly and said " Ob, how terrified I was till you came!" 1 "Yes, his state was really critical," I re marked; "but he is nearly right now." "It was not for him, for I thought he would get round all right-it was for you I was terri fied !" she explained. " For me?" I echoed, concealing the start as well as possible. " Why, what did you fear 2" "I thought you might be rushing along on that terrible bicycle and come against some thing and get killed," and she trembled in my arms even then. " Get killed! Why, what put that into your head? Did you see anything ?" "No; I only felt it. I never had the feeling before, for you always escape falls; but the feeling just came on me, and I couldn't help it." "Ob, excited about your father of course," I gravely answered, looking more unconcerned than I felt. " When did this feeling come on you?" "Oh, just a little before you got here p'raps a quarter of an hour. You must think me very silly, but I just felt my heart freezing within me. But it is all over now, and we ought to be happy, for-father-you know" the rest was stopped up in the old way, and we took longer to part than we had ever taken before, though we were both dying with want of sleep. I stayed there for a week, and before the end of that time had got .her father's con sent to our engagement. I am now in a good practice and Jenny is my wife, but never till now have I revealed that strange meeting with the phantom cyclist, and even now she can only learn of it if you use what I have told you as a story and publish it. How do I explain it ? I don't explain it at all. I have heard of people being haunted by ghosts, though I never believed in such a thing; but how could I be haunted by my own ghost when I wasn't dead 1 That is the mystery. 