THE NOVELIST. - j St Ctttlitoert's Tower, Í] BY FLORENCE WARDEN \ (Author of "The House on the Marsh," "A Prince of ! Darkness," &c.;) ; . ¡ CHAPTER I.-A COLD WELCOME. i Bishton Hall Farm was let at last. Lord Stonnington had had it o*n his hands a long time, and had offered it at a lower and ever lower rent. It was an open secret that John Oldshaw, who had a long lase of Lower Bishton Farm at the other end of the Tillage, had expected the Bishton Hall lease to drop into his hands at least for a Very trifling rent indeed. He was a careful man ; the property under his hands throve ; and he was fond of saying that his lordship would make a better bargain by letting him have the land at £10 an aore than by letting another man have it at £15. However, Lord Stannington had apparently thought otherwise ; at any rate, when a stranaer appeared upon the soene and of fered him a fair rent for the land without any haggling, they oame to terms without delay, and John Oldshaw found that his hoped-for bargain had escaped him. This West Biding farmer was not a nice person to deal with when he was disap pointed. He drove over to Sheffield to the agent's office, and stamped into that gen tleman's presenoe, his square, heavy face purple with ill-suppressed rage. " Na then. Hester Garrett, be pleased to tell mah if yond's true as Ah hear, that Bishton Hall Farm's let to a stranger P" he bellowed, thumping the table with his broad fist, and glaring at the agent with the un reasoning fierceness of an angry bull. ^JBc. Garrett was a slight fair man, of un c^Hin age, whose light eyes were accus tomed,'by long practice, toread men pretty accurately. " Quite true, Mr. Oldshaw," he answered, civilly, with imperturbable coolness. " It was let a fortnight ago; and the new tenant comes in-let me see--(referring to his papers)-on the 16th ; this day week, in fact." "And dost tha' knaw, Mester Garrett, that Ah've had ma mahnd set on Rishton Hair Farm for this 12 month and moore?" " How could we know it, Mr. Oldshaw, since the farm's been in the market more than twice that time, and we have never had any intimation from you of a wish for itP" \- " We Yarkshiremen doan't do things in a " hurry ; but every mon in t' village knawed Ah'd set ma heeart on t' farm, and noo Ah'm to be t' laughin'-stock o' a' t' f eeals i' t' coontry, and Rishton Farm let ower ma yead to a stranger as nawbody's ever heerd on !" And the farmer gave an apoplectic snort of malignant anger. «?Oh, but that is not the case, Mr. Old shaw," said the agent, as quietly as ever ; "Mr. Denison, the gentleman who has taken the farm, is a friend of friends of his lord ship, and in every way a tenant of the most desirable kind." John Oldshaw calmed down suddenly, and into his small bloodshot blue eyes there carno a satisfied twinkle. , " A gentleman, d'ye say ? A gentleman's got t' farm 1" in a tone of the deepest con tempt. " Thank ye, Mester Garrett, Ah'm quite satisfied. It's not for me to grumble at his lordship, then. Ah can pity him. The' never was t' gentleman born who could do any good at farming, and if a gentleman born's got Rishton Hall Farm, all t' ill I wish his lordship is-may gentleman born stick to's bargain." ? And with these words, uttered in a tone of fierce triumph, the farmer, who had not removed his hat on entering the office, turned and stalked out with every appear ance of enjoying, as he had intimated, a complete revenge. The village of Rishton boasted two inns, both of the most unpretending kind. The larger and more important of these was the Chequers, a stone building of the simplest kind of architecture, to which were attached numerous small outbuildings, forming three sides of a quadrangle for Mr. Tew's gig and Mrs. Tew's hens. The Chequers stood just'outside the gate of Rishton Hall Farm, and its windows commanded the approach from Matherham, the nearest market town, which was three miles away. On January 16, the day of the expected arrival of the new tenant of Rishton Hall, John Oldshaw took up his stand at one of the inn windows, watohing with malevolent eyes for the approach of his rival. It was a bitterly cold day, grey overhead and black tinder foot j and the frost, which had held foi three days, was growing harder as the afternoon wore on. John Oldshaw, with a sense of keen disappointment, had at last to aoquieBCe in the general belief that the new tenant would not come to- day. " If he's coom as far as Matherham, he'll stop there t' night, Heater Oldshaw," said Tew, the landlord, a small man, ruled by his wife, " T' ground's too slippy for e'er a horse to stand on, letting alone t' road's all hill and dale 'tween this and Matherham. Besides, t' awd house is- as bare as a barn ; he'd never coom till he'd sent some stuff to put in it, and a coople o' servants to set it to rights a bit." " Well, it ain't ma way o' doing things, to neame one day for coorain' and then to coom another," said Oldshaw, contemptu ously. " But, then, Ah'm naw gentleman and my Lord Stannington 'll mighty soon wish he could say seame o' t' new tenant, Mester Tew." Mr. Tew could not afford to have an independent opinion in the presence of the great man of the village, with that miser able Cock and Bottle, not 500 yards away, gaping for the first place as the hostelry of the elite. " It's ta mooch to expect to get another tenant like you, Mester Oldshaw," he said, discreetly. . - ^ : : ( lt was by this time nearly 4 o'clock, and the grey dawn was already; beginning to darken towards a black evening, when Mat Oldshaw, the farmer's eldest son,, who had been sent by his father to the top of the hill on the look-out, re- entered the inn at a pace somewhat faster than his usual shambling gait. He was a tall, round shouldered lad of about 20, with fair hair and a weatber- tanned face, whose heavy dulness was for the moment ligh tened by a passing gleam of great excite ment. " . ' ' " Weel, Mat, hist seean a ghost ?" asked his father. . ' J , , *' Naw, f ey ther ; but there's a cab ooomin' down t' hill-" , .Vi^Jr^ï'V-' " So Mester Gentleman's coom, has he ?" shouted the farmer, triumphantly ; and he had. seized his stout ash stick, and was making with ponderous strides for the door, as if with the intention of inflicting bodily chastisement on the insolent new comer, when his son interposed, blushing a deep brick-red to the roots of his hair. " Eh, but, feyther," he stammered, turn ing the door handle uneasily, and dividing his glances between the floor, the window, and his father's boorish face, " it's na t' gentleman ; it's nobbut two lasses." After which admission, he fell to blush ing more violently than before. " Two lasses ?" echoed Oldshaw,' in credulously. Hey, feyther ; an'one o' them's got a feaoe lik' a rose." " Feace lik' a rose ?". -thundered, the farmer. *'Don't thee daze tha dull wits lookin' at wencheB'. - faces, for; Ah ,teU tha Ah'll have na son o' mine hangin' aboot t' Hallnoo." "She bain't na lass for ,t' likes o' mea, feyther ; yon lass is a leady," aaid the lad, simply. If the stranger's fair face had not, as his father suggested, dazed his dull wits already, the young man would surely have had the tact'to restrain these rash words, which fanned the flame of his father's coarse malevolence. . " A leady ! A foine leady I ta foine fur any son o' mine ? Ah tell thee, f eeal, t' day 'U coom when tha f óine leady'll wish she wur good enough for t' loikes o' thee $ and good enough she shall never be-tha 0eears ?" « Though the young man's head was bent in a listening attitude, and he assented in the meekest of gruff voices, the father guessed that this deep attention was not all for his discourse, when the sound of hoofs and wheels on the hard ground out side attracted him to the outer door, which he reached in time to see a luggage-laden cab slowly descend the hill and pass the inn-/oor, giving time for a look at the two you**Éj faces inside. Mistress and maid evicftntly ; both bright, eager, and rather anxious. The former met full the surly stare of the farmer, and she drew back her head as if a blast of chilling wind had met her on her approach to her new home. The little maid, who had rosy cheeks, and what one may call retrousse fea tures, was less sensitive, and she looked out to resent this cold unwelcome with a con temptuous toss of the head. " They're reg'-lar savages in these parts, Miss Olivia," she said, in a slightly-raised tone. " I only hope we may be uneaten by the tune the master comes I" The cab had passed the front of the inn, and was rounding the sharp turn which led up a slight ascent through the open farmyard gate, when suddenly, without any warning except a few rough, jolts over the uneven ground, it turned over on its side, to the accompaniment of shrill screams from one female throat, and a less loud but more plaintive cry from the other. Mat Oldshaw, who was standing on the inn doorstep behind his father, made a spring forward to help them. But the elder man, with a movement quicker than one would have expected from his clumsy form and ponderous gait, grasped his arm with a violence which made the lad reel, and giving him a push back against the wall of the house, said, in a low, thick voioe " Doan't thoo meddle with what doan't concern thee. Wheer there's so mooch cry, there aren't mooch hurt, tak' ma word for't." " Fey ther !" said Mat, indignantly, en treatingly. Then he was dumb, for even through his not over-bright brains came a suspicion that this accident was perhaps not wholly unexpected by one of its wit nesses. As this brief scene passed between father and son, a man in a short frieze coat, knickerbockers, gaiters, and deer-stalker cap, who had quickened his pace down the hill into a run on seeing the accident, looked full into the faces of both men with a keen, shrewd expression, as he dashed by. , " It's parson Brander, o' S' Cuthbert's, feyther. ; He heeard thee," said the young man in a husky, awed whisper. " An' wha not ? Ah'd loike to see sik as him say a word to me !" said the farmer, in a loud voice of boastful contempt. And the attitudes respectively of father and son, the one of contemptuous disgust, the other of awestruck respect, represented the two views most commonly taken in the country side of the Reverend Vernon Brander, vicar of Saint Cuthbert's. Before the last disdainful word was out of John Oldshaw's mouth, the newcomer had opened the cab door, and extricated the two girls from their unpleasant posi tion. The maid was uppermost, but she was a little creature, and had probably in flicted far less inconvenience on her more massively built mistress than that young lady would have inflicted on her had j their positions been reversed. Her rosy cheeks had lost their color, and from her forehead, which had been out by the broken glass of the carriage window, blood was trickling down. In answer to the gentleman's inquiries as to whether she was hurt, she said in a trembling voice that she didn't know yet, and begged him to get her mistress out. This he at once proceeded to do, and was rewarded by the thanks of a young lady whom he at once decided to be one of the handsomest girls that this or any other country ever produced. Olivia Denison was indeed an unchal lenged beauty, and had occupied that proud position almost ever since, 20 years ago, she had been pronounced to be " a lovely baby." She was tall-of that cruel height which forces short admirers, on pain of looking ridiculous, to keep their distance ; j of figure rather massive than slender, with a fair skin, a fresh color, dark hair, blue eyes, and a winning expression of energy and honesty which gave to the whole face its greatest charm. For the moment, how ever, the rose color had left her cheeks too. , and her lips were drawn tightly together. I " You are hurt, I am afraid," said the stranger, with concern. "I've only-pinched-my finger," she answered, trying to laugh. But the effort of speaking brought the tears to her eyes, much to her indignation. For she was brave, and she liked to have the credit of it. "Let me see," said he, with kindly authority. She presented her right hand, from which he drew the glove very gently, dis closing bruised and slightly discolored finger- tips. " They do hurt a little, but it's.nothing very dreadful. I don't know how I did it," she said. " Lucky it's no worse," said the stranger, kindly. " Now for the lad." (TO BE CONTINUED.) In December, 1795, the first civil action worth mentioning was tried at Sydney.' A hog belong ing to Mr. Boston was shot for trespass by a soldier. The owner abused the Boldier, who there upon beat Boston. with a loaded musket, as was alleged, at the instance of two officers. Boston sued for JB500 damages, and obtained a verdict for 20s damages. 