OUR AMERICAN LETTER E YERY ITEM . OF INTEREST. The Bantam-Weight Battle. GRIFFO BEI'dnTED AS WHIPPED. Fitzshnmon9 and Jiin Hull. SLAVIN AND CHARLEY MITCHELL. News of Peter Jackson. San Francisco, August 19. Tho battle of the midgets is over, and America holds tho prido of plaeo in tho bantam division. The contest was far and away tho host over witnossod on tho Pacific Coast, and whilo Abo Willis must naturally feel depressed at his dofeat, he can console himsolf with tho reflection that his fight with Dixou will go on record as one of the fiercest and most determined in tho annals of the modern prize-ring. Thoro is no occasion to review tho circumstances which lod to the matching of Georgo Dixon, of Boston, and Abo Willis, of Sydney.- It will suffico to say that tho lads had qualified themsclvos to box for tho Bantam Championship of tho World. Dixou during the past few years has smothered everything; that looks liko him in this country ; aud he has furthor to his credit a triumphant tour of .England, in which ho laid low sturdy littlo Nunc Wallace. Such boing tho oaso Australia was tho only Champion-producing section for him to conquer, and wo woro lod to believe that Willis was tho best goods in the small fry lino that Australia possessed. Everything considered, tho fight which is past came the nearest to being a world's championship than any event that has over transpired within the roped arena. Truo, tho principals did not observe tbe old formula or battling »ith bare knuckles on turf boneath tho ' broad canopy of Heaven,' but neither did PITZSI3I5IONS OR BILLY 3IURHPY, who are hailed undisputed champions in their classes. London prize-rules ethics in fact are acknowledged to bo just about obsolete, and it is doubtful if any one will over have tho temerity to rescue 'the old-time rulo3 from the dust-box of oblivion. The championships of the future will for a certainty be decided with the gloves and under conditions which will ensure fair play, to all. concerned. So, too, with tho abandonment of the old stylo of fighting, mob law will ceaso to hold sway, and tho 'hired thugs' with hob-nailed boots and knuckle-dusters will find their oc cupation gone. ? DIXON AND WILLIS met at tho California Athlotio Club on the eyening of July 23, for a. purse of SOOOdol and tho Bantam Championship of tho World. ,Tlio limit of weight was placed at 1151b, and at 3 o'clock on tho ovoniug of the contest the two little fellows underwent the scaling process success fully. It was hinted a couple of weeks before the fight that Abo found dilBculty in koeping within hailing distanco of tho stipulatbd weight, but the only signs of hard work noticeable about him were that his skin was tight drawn over his jaw bonos and his faco looked a trifle thin. Tho attendance at the elnb was not extra large — the California, in fact, has been steadily on the decline over since tho Jacksou- Corbett affair, but as I will have something to say on tho boxin' outlook iu auotuor portion of my letter I- refrain from furthor re marks on the subject just now. There wore probably 500 people present, and they were all accommodated ou tbo main floor. Tho upper gallery, savo for the presenco of a corps of telegraph operators and a dozen or more reporters, was deserted. It was S.35 when the preliminary exorcises ceased, and a fow seconds after that timo Dixou eume down stairs from his drossing room. Ho was closely followed by Tom O'Eourke (his manager, trainer, and backer), and Young Mitchell. The brown-skinned wondor wore a huge ulster which barely loft exposed to view his bright black eyos and tho top of his closely-shaved cranium. THE BOSTOKIAN WAS WELL RECEIVED, and as he dropped into his chair he seemed as coo! and collected as a Chicago woman at her fifth wedding (you would understand the simile better if you wero posted in Chicago divorce laws). Then Abo came along with Billy Smith, Martin Murphy, and Eddy Greanoy in tow. His bead was us closely shorn as Dixon's, and ho woro a loose woolleu ovorshirt. His reception was on a par with tho colored boy. While tbe assistants were arranging their lav out of cordials and ring paraphernalia, Smith and O'Rourko tossed for choice of gloves, aud the latter won. The mit tens wero tan colored, ami loomed up prett}' big, although they wero supposed to bo ooz gloves. When tho little fellows cast aside their outer garments and sat waiting for tho gong to sound tho attack thoy wore closely scrutinised. Dixon's appearance suited tho conuoisscurs best. He looked lean and sinewy, with abnormal breadth of shoulders and a great depth of chest. He seemed full of life, and his mahogany-hued skin fairly glowed. The only costume he sported was a small white breech-clout and a pair of soft leather lighting shoes. Willis looked clear-skinned and firm in tho flesh. His body did not convey tho idea that ho had distressed himself to any extent in getting to weight, although his face, as stated before, was drawn. I could not holp uoticiug, however, that the quick move ments which characterised Dixon's every little action woro absent in Abo's case. Ho impressed ,mo as being a trifle listloss, nnd as I never saw him in an important engagement before I had no means of comparing how ho lookod and acted with how he used to look and act. He wore a breech-cloth also (light bluo in color) aud his feot woro encased in lace-up shoos. WHEN THEY STOOD UP TO FIGHT, two more different styles of sparrers could not well be imagined. Dixon kept his legs fairly wido apart, and bis loft hand well forward. Ho seemed as watchful as a cat and he did not indulge in any of the fancy business with his feot which American boxors universally go in for in the early stages of his fight. He kept Willis well boforo him, and kept forcing him back a littlo every time ho moved his feot. Willis stood erect aud kept his hands closo to his body. A comparison of tho way tho two youngsters posed conveyed tho idea that tho colored bov had much the longer reach, and that tho Australian wonld have some difficulty in keeping out of range. Cautious work marked the first minute's movements, but Dixon was crowding Abe back all the time. Tho first'irespectable blow struck wa3 oue of thoso loft-hand Martin Costello ? swings from Dixon. It caught Willis fair under the chin as ho was ducking, and sent him to the lloor in a sitting posture. Abe jumped to his feet, and tho lads got to closo quarters, Willis going down again in the MIDDLE OF A DING-DONG RALLY. The Boston boy's backers thought the fight was over apparently, for they sent up a wild yell of triumph, but long before tho second clock marked off ten Aoe was on his feet and ? at his mau liko a littlo bull. Thoy fought closo to tho ropes, and the fierce ness of the onslaught brought the spectators to their feet. Dixou fought at the head ulouc, and ho sent in his blows with force, speed, and precision. Ho used both hands with wonderful rapidity, and Abe paid him back in kind, but could not oither get tho same degree of speed into his blows or score half as fast. Willis uspd his right hand moro than he did his loft, flogging away at tho brown boy's ribs, and varying tlio performance by trying to get homo on his jaw. Had Abe not kept his head down well between his shonlders somo of Dixon's well-placed blows would havo brought him down, and even as it was the Keferee correspondent forsook his note book and stood up to watch for what ovoryono expected— the sudden collapse of ono or other of the combatants from one of the many blows that wero falling like drum-boats on tho heads of both. Suddeuly an extra hard punch from Dixou SENT WILLIS 1IALF-WAT ACROSS THE RING, and thon they both paused for a second beforn renewing the attack. Dixon went after Willis and swung his cruel left again, but Abe,' profiting by his oxperionce with the opening blow of tho fight, duokod well and got tooll under it. Beforo thoy could commenco tho hurricane business again tho gong rang out corners, and they went to their chairs looking 'as fierce ns a pair of buck rats. Thon you should havo heard tho loukors-on talk. Even if the fight had endod with tho first round it would have boon voted one of tho bost ever soon in tho clnb, for a faster or moro furious onslaught it-. was impossiblo to conceive. People here had an idoa that Dixon was a long-range fighter, puro aud simple, and a good many thought that ho would be at fault if the Australian laddio forced him, but ho proved that ho was thoroughly at homo at evory kind of fist-work, and assuredly he scored three blows to Wilhr two There was a moment of cautious sparring at the commencement of the second round, and then Willis tried twice in succession with his left for Dixon's stomach and missed. Dixou, aftor jumping out of harm's way, slipped in again quickly and swung hiB left good and solid into tho Australian's ribs. Tho blow brought them together and thoy hugged ono another for a second or two bo foro breaking away. Dixon thon commenced fotnting rapidly. Ho ' wiggled ' his left shoulder in much the same style that SPIDER WEIR EFFECTS and then charged Willis, getting home a telling left-hander on the stomach and a heavy right on the neck. Again tho clo3e work commenced, each smashing and swinging at ono another's heads. Dixon beyond a doubt had tho moro force in his blows, and tho wondor was how Willis stood tbo onslaught. Ho managed, however, to keep his chin out of range, and as the rain of right-handers from Dixon grew faster and thicker Willis kept turning tho back of his head to tho blows and received thore many a crusher intended for his nock or ear. Once Willis sent in a short right- hander in rather stiffer style than usnal, and DIXON BEE1IED TO QUIVER FROJI HIS HEELS UP., The set-back was only temporary, however, aud the olive-skinned youngster flogged away a'-ai;i with might and main, the objective point of all his assaults being Willis' head on either side. Tho antipodean employed similar tactics, and tho heads of each were frequently sent back from tho force of the blows, yet there they stood breast to breast fighting liko demons, and occasionally throwing their left arms around each other's bodies to add solidity to their right-hand blows. They woro fighting at this break-neck pace when corners rang out, and during tho moment's rest it is not romancing to say that tho onlookers seemed bewildered at the fierceness of the contest they had witnessed. 'This beats anything they've over had here yet,' said a well-known attorney who sat in tho gallery. 'Yes,' replied his companion, 'that last round reminded mo of a collision between two runaway engines.' Both youngsters came up fresh and deter mined looking for the third round. They sparred cautiously for a moment, and Willis embraced the opportunity of spitting out a big. clot of blood. THEN ABE TRIED A RKmT-BANDER AT THE BODY, but the Boston lad danced away. - The heavy pace of the two preceding rounds had evidently told ou both of them, and two minutes went by without a blow being struck. Dixon then forced matters again, rushing on and swinging left and right at Willis. Thoro were two or three lively littlo rallies beforo the end of the rouud, in which tbe ex changes were equal iu number, although Dixon's blows were the better directed and seemed to have more steam in them. The fourth round opened cautiously, but the lads soon got to close quarters and banged away with might and main. Willis did tho better work at the start and forced the Bos tonian into a corner, but George got out of tho difficulty cleverly. As they faced each other in the centre of the ring Willis dropped his arms for a moment as if bont upon trying some subterfuge, bu* beforo ho could carry out his plan Dixon wen* at him like a tiger and forced him up against the ropes with a succession of left and right facers. Willis sidled away and PUNCHED DIXON HEAVILY on tho chin with his left, ducking adroitly from a well-meant counter. The Australian opened tho fifth round by sending his left into Dixon's short ribs. Dixon reached Willis' faco with a light left, and im mediately after both scored simultaneously with their lefts, Willis on the body and Dixon on the noso. Tho givo and take business then commenced again, and in the midst of a rod-hot exchange, iu which both paid attention only to blows at tne neau, tney lougftt over to tne ropes. They were each holding with one band and punching with the other, when Dixon put in a couple of heavy jolt3 on Willis' jaw, and tho AUSTRALIAN HAD COJOIENCED TO BOCK on his feet. Dixon noticed that his opponent was in difficulties, and standing away, he floored him with a full-arm-swing with the left, which took offecton tbe -jaw. Willis was resting on his hands and knees, and just as the clock marked off eight seconds he jumped to his feet again. THE KNOCK-OUT BLOW. Dixon went' at him again, and Willis, whose bolt was shot, tried to light back. As quick as a flash tho colored boy stepped back, and swinging his left with terrific force, he struck Willis across tho jaw and neck with his wrist. Willis fell on .his back and the ten seconds sped away without his giving tho slightest token that he knew what was passing around him. Ho was completoly knocked out. As soon as Eoferee Cook proclaimed Dixon the winner tho sinewy littlo Bostonian took a run and jumped like a frog ou the shoulders of Tom O'Eourke. He thon slid to the ground, and Young Mi£chell and one or two of tho dashing little bantam's admirers lifted him shoulder high, while poor Willis, limp and unconscious, was being carried to his corner. Dixon noticed his luckless adversary being borne away by his seconds, and he imme diately ran across tho ring and shook Willis by the baud. Willis, howovor, waii in such a condition that the formalities of the ring wero lost upon him. The knock-out blow, as stated above, was DELIVERED WITH DIXON'S WRIST, and the wonder was that ho did not break his arm. I have learned since, howovor, that ho has finished all his opponents in tho . same manner, and tho only inference is that he is as tough in the arms as he is abont tbe head. His left arm is decidedly his most, dangerous imple ment of warfare, aud while ho is a terror at close work, I think Willis fought him iutho best possible manner to havo a show of winning. The way Abe went down in the first round when fighting at long range, and the manner in' which the Boston lad wonnd np the fight when Willis was too shaky to close with him, is proof conclusive to my mind that tho one who will over have a show with the dusky bantam is tho fighter with plenty of force, who will stand in close to him a'nd try to wear him down by superior hitting powers. It may be that Billy Murphy, with that terrible right of his, would be able to send Dixon to grass, but I think Dixon's loft would demoralise Billy in short order. Willis did not come to for fully half-an-hour after be fell, aud it is needless to say that he was vory inucU disheartened at tho way the contest tar minatod. Ho gained any number of friends, however, for his pluck and determination, and if he were not drawn to Sydney by homo tieB he would have no difficulty iu find ing matches here. It is no discredit to any youngster to be whipped by this lad Dixon, for he towers far above all other mannikin bruisers living as far as fistic talent is concomed. I had a talk with O'Eourke (Dixou's backer) after tho fight, aud he told mo that if Griffo won his fight with Murphy and carod to tako' a trip to America, Dixon would allow him to weigh 1181b and give him a fight., O'Eonrke frankly confessed that ho would* rather send Dixon against Griffo than Murphy. Now that Griffo has received a set-back [It was reported in America that Murphy boat Griffo, hence their remarks.— 1 ' Smiler'] ho could not command a purse largo enough to tempt Dixon into a mooting with I him, and I think that O'Eourke's next move ! will be to try aud arraugo a fight between his I lad and Fred Johnson, the Elufflisli bantam. 1 1 ? ' BOB FITZSIKMONS. ' We havo Bob' Fitzsimmons amongst us once again', and ho speaks in scathing tones of his old- opponent; Jim Hall. In fact, he rathor overdoes the thing, and people here are be ginning, to tire of hearing Jim villified. Kobert blames' Hall and his friondu for having tlfe fight stopped at St.* Paul. He declares that Hall never meant to enter a ring with* him, .'and to prrivo what a three-ply fire eater the festive Eobert himself is he has de clared his willingness to fight Jim for a nice-sized purse, and turn the whole of: the boodle ? over to soino charitable institution. , Hall rather stole a march on Bob after tho. fight was prevented in St. Paul, for he went to Chicago and arranged a friendly sparring exhibition with Jim Corbott, which must have turned in a gate of about 4000dol. I don't know what Hall's future plaus are', but Fitzsimmons is moving Heaven and ourth to get a big, big purse offered for a go botween him and Ted Pritchard. Tho California Club is not anxious for tho go, in fact it cannot afford it in tho present stato nf itji fiTin.!inp-j ? linfc f.lin Olvmnin (llilh. of Now Orleans, is out with an offer of 10,000dol., and tho Pacific Club, of San Francisco, has gone 2500dol. better. The last named is a shaky institution, and' I think Now Orleans will get the fight. ' Tho purse ought to be a gift for Fitzsimmons, for, whilo Pritohard's stock has gono away up since he downed lumbering Jim Smith, I don!t think Ted has the ghost of a show with tho red- headod Timarnssian. . I must not : close my littlo prattle about , Fitzsimmons without tolling you that he has declared his intention of be coming an American citizen. 1 don't know whether ho expects to fight bettor, or com mand bigger purses, whon ho has renounced Queen Victoria', and sworn allegiance to Uncle Sam, but lie is going to be a free and enlightened ' Ammerikiu ' just the same. DANNY NEEDHAJT BEATS JIAHON. On tho evening after Willis and Dixon fought at tho Californian, we had a go betweon Danny Needham and Billy Mahon at the Now Occidental. It was not a very interest ing affair, and Mahon was forced to turn it up in the thirtioth round. Ho was pnuished severely around. tbe heart. An effort is being made to match Needbam and George Kemmie, the new welter-weight, who has gained such a name in ' the North West. Should George Dawson wander over this way ho would probably havo a chanco to meet tbe winnor, but I' doubt whothor a purse bigger than 2000dol . would be forthcoming. It appears to mo that boxing will not have a much longer run in San Francisco. There aro four or five clubs now in tho field, and new ones are talked of. They seem to be all ' out for the stuff ' (money-making oonoerns), and tho public aro getting tired of the grab-all policy which marks tho actions of the so-called sport promoters. The California Athletic Club long held tho pride ot place a3 an honor able, fair-dealing institution, but even its name has .been besmirched lately. The mem bers have' left it by hundreds, and there has been some nasty talk concerning funds unac counted for. It is still an influential body, however, and should it go to the wall I think the bottom will fall out of boxing in this city. PresidentFulda told me tho other day that a combination had been formed to down the California Club, so that a few crooked sports hero with .money and - a certain kind of influence could turn all future boxing matches to a profitable account. Fulda may be ripht or he may be wrong, but this I feel, that boxing is being run at a high pressure here just now,.atid I look for tho biggest kind of a general burst up before many months are passed. ' BILLY MABER. Shadow Maber is to have a fight at the now Occidental next week for a moderate trophy — something in the neighborhood of 500dol. I think his opponent is Frank Kelly, a husky young welter-woight who is big enough and muscular enough to givo a good account of himself. . Providing Mabcr is all that he has been represented to bo by tho Sydney sporting Press, ho should win. He has not had the best of health since be has been here, but as far as' I know he is improving, and doing well at bis training quarters. [Maber won in nine rounds.— ' Smiler.'] The San Francisco fistic calendar at present stands as follows : — California A.C. August 23— Wolter-weixht tournament. Finish contest botweou ifcif rv Dally and Jack SuUivau (bantams). Dally (Australian) won iu 52 rounds. September— Billy Smith and M'Carthy, of Boston. ? '' ' Pacific A.C. August 21— Dan Hawkins and TVolter Oathcart. Con Rioruuu aud Max Fcnuer. September— Billy Woods and Jack Davia. New Occidental A.C. August 27— Mnbor und Kelly. Paddy Gorman and Jack llorrlssey (10 rounds). Septomber 23— Keildy Gallagher anS Young Mit chell. October— Piady Gorman and Tom deary. . . ? . ..SLAVIN AND MITCHELL. It is stated here that Slavin and Charlie Mitchell will, return to America in the near future,:when F.P. will make arrangements for fighting. John L. SuUhrau on his return from Australia. Ho will also probably havo a chance of sas'ing something to windy Jim Corbott, r for the last-named individual is somewhere in the East howling that he wants to fight any man in tho world, Slavin or Mitchell preferred. Tho manager of somo theatrical company with which Corbett has signed for a forty weeks cugagement, has deposited lOOOdol as a forfeit for Corbett to fight anybody and . everybody when the forty .weeks are. up. Of course it is only a theatrical, advertising dodge, and causes the biggest kind of a laugh here on the Pacific Coast, where wo know Jim so well. jackson's saloon. Peter: Jackson has blossomed out as an out and-out saloon proprietor, and is doing a very nice trade. Peter has turned his attention fortbe'uouco to the manufacture of mixed drinks, and his hands, when he first com menced the practice, produced as deadly effects as they ever did when he was iu the habit of smiting people on- the point. A. bar tender at Peter's place was on the siok list one. night, and the Marquis of Bondi had to get behind the bar and put a white, coat and apron on. Ho got along all right while straight drinks only wero called for, but when he . attemdted to make a gin fizz out of mucilage, absinthe and other noxious compounds tho man who drank it felt liko- taking a shot at him. Peter has improved, however, and mixes a cocktail so deftly now that you can't tell it from a black draught. All tho big fellows in tho fighting line seem to ignore Peter when making their challenge's, but he won't be'oounted out when any oE , them strike San Francisco. As Fulda of the C.A.C. has written to the secretary of the Sydney Gymnastic Club, to find out.' If Gpddard will come to San Francisco,' Peter is still hopeful of getting a match some day. It may be, however, that even now. an invitation to box Goddard in Sydney is on its way to this country.' If so Jackson will not be long making up his mini to accept. ???'??'. ; . ODR BOWERS IN AMERICA. Dutch and Stephonson, the rowers, arrived ?here all safe, and promptly .called upon tho Referee commissioner (that sounds a heap better than plain ordinal !Eeferee corres pondent). At the time they came Peterson' the only oarsman of any account on the Coast, was up on tho Frazer ElVor, B.C.', whore ho had a match on with Alex. M'Lean for 1250dol a-side. Peterson Won the raoo with out turning a hair. On bis return' to San Francisco I waited upon .'^Peterson and his backer, and made overtures' for a match on behalf of Dutch. They told mo that- the weathor would bo unsuitable for rowing on the Alameda molo course for months, dnS that they would not be ready to make a match until next Maroh. ? If tboy romain in the samt stato of mind, Dutch and Stevenson may at well return to Australia, for if is too late in the season now for them to go East. There is a bare chauce of their being able to wot thoir oara in araceforapurso, however, as tho New West minster folks of British Columbia — where Peterson rowed M'Lean— are getting up a professional sculling race in' connection with their fair, which commences on September 22, Hanlan and O'Connor are to row, arid Peter son has bqen invited to participate. I wired a night or two ago to asoertain if the affair was open to the Australian scullers, and if it is Dutch and Stophenson will have a cut in. I expect a roply within a few days— not before, as the B.C. people are al ways slow; Dntch and Stephensou were well received by the amateur oarsmen here. They havo the entrance of all rowing' clubs, and their boats are housed at the Ariel Club's boatshod. They have done a little practice, but not much, as Stephonson has a touch of la grippe. No more at present from W. Wi Naughton. 