POETRY AND TRIFLES. THE IBSEN GIRU . . le lay. -«rraseome »tory el the mournfullatter-dtr TheoM, old tale ol bo« »man kith but ir« me to spare Can lound a tohool, «od play the loo!, and captan women fair, , . Htiih, huh, hath ! Here eon» the Ibsen ghi 1 So Staat your'er es and «loee yonr-eara, or «las your brain will whirl* Bush, bush, hush I 8h«w got her hair In our!, That Amuon of modern du's, the awful Ibsen giri! Shell pratt abeut her mMon and the glories «he des- cries In toarwilet which taught ber ant fauthaad to «Mis» ; Shell &Jk; without a shade blush of thing« «he oeghtto flat She wu a child ; tnt now «be's TriM to prove her liberty > Hush, huta, mon I ac. A gotpei of abort pettlooau and frisy towaled hain .1 ShetavMof "ghosts'* «ad " Boanenhoha 7 and "Lady I Bush, hush, hush t Jw. She gabbles about .!. Gabler V and the Joys ol suicide, And point« out with emotion how the headitnmf I "Hedía-dud ; She olabos to bs a ." Son," too, it ordrw» may «tor A hulband'i tight, ami tay good-night, and Wit (be She out« away til prejudk» about tnt true and good : I " Rebecca " ia Üia fahrst pearl ol perfect womanhood. | Oh, linen while "the Hitter " rpctka. Like fifty thoo ttad chiton, Hetays, "I am the only dram-altit of recent tlmee !" Hush, hath, built ! ec St Jamart Qmxcttt. . Some actresses do uot draw, but all of them paint. The greatest philosophy hi in .not wanting things you cannot get. Three th hus are ni newry to education ?uiturdqnailficatióni, lustottotlon,snd tuactlce. Why are candidates (he greatest cwards! Because they rim before they are beaten.. Hope nftan??disappoint» us;, but thia ia natural, as the poets describe her tas at fair woman. .-,, ? ' ' If you don't want to be robbed of year good name don't have it inscribed upon your nm hrella. . - The man who. thinks the boy who lives next door to him is a good boy has not yet been found. The good man bears with the tanita df others yery patiently ¡ tho bodman bears with hts own in the same way. . . Caller-Doesn't it worry yon to think of your daughter on the ocean? Old lady- Laud sakes, no. She can swim. Speak of a man's marble brow, and he will glow with conscious pride ; but allude to his wooden head, and he's wild in a minute. Die Lewis says that hot water will cure all complaints. In that ouse married men ought to be extra healthy, for they are always in it. "Ia that a new bathing suit!" "Noj I wore lt all last summer." Why, it looks as good as nev,. " " I know it. It was never vet you know. It just ruins a bathing suit to go into the water with it." Myrtle-Florence, is that Fred Dummy's handwriting ? Florence-Ves, dear. I'm en- gaged to him, you know. Myrtle-Yes, I know it. I was engaged to him last crummer. Florence-The dear boy 11 wonder who will' marry him eventually ? Railway Official: 'Smoking's not allowed in the waiting room, sir. You'll have to go on to the platform.' Mr. M'Finnigan; 'I'm not smokuv sir.' ' But you have your pipe in your mouth, sir.' ' Yis ; and I have me fut in me boot, but I'm not walkin'. Thc train hos just been wrecked. Distracted wife rushes up. " 0, save my husband I" Horrible groans from the inside. Smoke ascends. Thc timbers crash. "Oh, Henry aro you still alive ?" " Yes, but I am pinned across a red-hot stove ; my clothes arc on fire the roof of the car is fast settling down on me. n beam is impaling me, and in one instant I shall be dead, unless rescue comes." "Oh, help t Help .' Rescue my husband. I am safe, Henry." "Thank heavon for that!" "The baby is not hurt a bit." "Thank heaven for thal ! Make haste, men ! The car is on fire, and I shall be roasted alive in one second more 1" " And, Henry, dear mamma is safe too!" "What? Dove, you can lay off aud save some one else ; I'd justus j well roast !" 