. The Indian War. DKSPRRATE FIG8T WITH HOSTILE RflOSKlNS. . We extract tba following from the San Francisco CAroaiV/e of January 2: New iork, January 3.— According to reoent official report*, about 11,000 mala Indiana ara Involved in tba rising at Pine Bldge, ot whom about 0000 are adults on th* Sioux reservation. Originally tha lsnd com. Sri.lng the reservation atretched from tbe llasourl River on the east to the fiUok.hUla on th . wtst, aad from .Nebraska on the eontk almost to the town of Blsmark In North Dakota r%w\ ika Mnatllt - ffltau niualVI AI A AM. ?_ -? trsot Of this territory 11,000,000a. ware last year openod for aettlemont. At: tba time of signing th« agreement tor tha purpose there waa maeni opposition thereto manifested by some of the Indians, and the foundation ol tnuohof the pn sent trouble may ha traced to oeourrencoa then. On December 29 Big foot's hand waa discovered eight nillra from Maj.ir Whlteside a oarap on th* Wounded Kuee. Aa the military approached thahostllea fortatd in long Uan oMattte. Aa they came forward Ml* Foot o» tended hla hand In token of peace. 'I 5?lfIok,v,Lf ly .^'P10 bf n *r»n| ?-«»? «'---' Major Wbltealde got him ahort with ''I don't wantnor will I have any parlayina it all. , ft la either an unoonditlonal tunendv or flihr. What la your itnw.rt' 'Wa anrrender,' aald the chit f, ' we wpqldbtva done ap before bnt wo coild not find you and could not find ?njrioldlarto.wUom to nmnin' In \tm Uw« ttyu, II tikoi to wtlU \\\ tb« mWtarj b«4 their pi Lsontr* mrrocnded,:and s- cccner waal tastaWl into W» BHge aga»ey;tor_ other four troocsi of tbe 7th Cavsiry and terhatsnt Tayfat'* »cout» to fcrfp «nmd wot «s«n»^» party. Ttere were 150 warrior* *n pa trc-Jy armed and SO cqoawa together with many cbMrei.. M-jor^hsiiVhad 230 .JdKra. .s.athataskwas about completed thelhdian* B,rroinjdedbycomnanses-K«d '.^«»n» moT- and aU of a sadden they threw their bJankets to the ground, wWpped up the»i rifle* and began firing rapidly at tbe troops; not 20ft. away. The troop, were ?» » jjrem»d«adT«- tage. fesrinz to ahoot for fe»r of nrjunagtbm own comrades. The Indnuts—men, womea. and ehiUren— then ran to tbe sonth, the battezT firm* rapidly -s they ran. . Soon t6» mou'ad tooop* were «fter tbem. ahoo-mar them down on. Tery hand. *b*a-g'gBBn.t lasted fnHy an hour aad a-half. To the south matfr took refuge in a ravine, froa» which is -.Mdifcolt to dislodge then- The killed a» woonded amongn the Indiaa were estimatrd U 300, the sr-ldiers shooSmg them down wher ever found. Tha field was one of great eos foston. Ho-sea were running in every dirw tus, tnA the men for a few moments) wsre frantic owing to the.unfortsns-e way they weirs p'aced.' Captain WaDacs of K troop, wa* the only officer killed. In the first mad rush of Indiana thoseof them who. had not gone attacked the trooper* with knrres, dnh* and tocaahawka, and Captain Wallace was struck down- with a hatchet oo the head. Father Craft, the C*th»K3 TTf— ''''yj received a bullet wound which will prohab'y resnlt fatally. I lent enant Gariisgtmi, of Arctic explorations fane, received a- serums wouad iu 'he arm. A number of non-commisicned officers and pri vates were wounded, probably 35 or 30inalL SerenI of the*- were likely to die. When tbe news of this fight reached the agency at Pine tfidge pandemonium broke loose among tbe 5000 Indiana gathered there and . a large number of them broke awav. Some of the friendly Indians, including Cloud, joined the army force* nnder General Brooke. At sundown fighting had begun with three of the sgeucy buildings snd a determined F effort wm beiog made by the reds to reach and bnrn the agency. A village belong ng to friendly Indi -ns in p'ain sight of the agency 'wa* seen to go up in flames just before dark. Bosh ville was crowded with settlers, tb« churches and all public halls wers thrown open and no effort waa spared to make tbe refuiree* comfortable. . CpiCAao, January 4. — Last night waa one of feverish anxiety at the agency. For too first titrie the squaw-men an4 half-breeds were alarmed and remained np all night, feiring an attack before morning. Th* agency, however, is too well guarded to permit any very large force to approach very class without discovery. General Miles has sent a letter to the hostile* asking for a bearing. The Indians tore tbe letter to bagmen's and said ' We want no treaty, we are here to fight.' The Indians in the hostile cairp nnmber over 4000 men, women and children, and represent every ?gency'm the two Dakota*. ' . DE5VZB, Jannary 4. — Tba army of Indians nnw surrounded. by Ceneral Milts' soldiers om the White Clay Creek nnmber over 4000 men, woman and children. Most of them are from the upper Dakota reservation*. Hundreds of tbe crowd are crazed with ghost dancing and will fight a* Big Foot's men fought. Shots were fired by pickets at nearly every house la»t night, banishing slerp from all eyes. Fire arrows were thrown into the sg*ncy about midnight from a ravine near by, but fortnnately fell harmless. Half-breed* and squaw-men are leaving for the railroad, saying they know whit ia coming and don't propose to remain. This war will not be ended except by one of the Moodiest battles in the history ' of Indian warfare. . 