Sermon on John Wesley. The Rev. H. T. Burgees (president of the Weeleyan Conference) preaohed in the Aroher* etxeet Church, North Adelaide, on Sunday evening from Isaiah Iv.,6 and 7-"Seek ye the Lord, call ye upon Him while He is near." He said thfrtext was appropriate not only because of the interesting historical fast that it was the la».t from which John Wesley preached, but because it summarised in a remarkable way the leading truths that had made'his mission so powerful. Every great - religious awakening reBulted from the presentation of Gospel truth, and that of'last century was no exception. This was the explanation of its character, it* permanence, and its growth, John Wesley did not set out to form a new organisation* but hai an intense desire to save souls, To that end he preaohed saving truth, and the. Spirit of God accompanied ic with- mighty power, The neoeEsity came upon the leaders of the movement to provide for those who were can verted by theic agency and who looked to them for guidance. Necessity was laid upon them, and they were-led by Providence in an unexpected way till ultimately a churoh w»s founded that had spread its influence . I over the woiid. The secret of its progress ;.ud that of Wesley's success was the same, The text taught that religion did not constat in ohurch relations, but in personal experienoe. The corrupt condition of both the churoh and the world in Great Britain in the eighteenth century was due in great* measure to the truth being obrcured. People might be regarded as Christians and yefcknow nothing of Christianity but the name. The moral condition of sooiety was in consequence fearfully depraved. At that juncture WoBley preached the necessity of conversion-a change of heart and a change of life. The wicked must forsake their ways and return to God, Another point on which be Btrongly insisted was human responsibility in the work of per sonal salvation- A cold and cheerlesB creed had represented God to be: the sovereign ruler \- of the world, fixing the destiny- of human ' beings by immutable decrees/ and thereby placing it beyond individual aontrol. The dootrine that men must seek that they might find, and oall that they might- be answered, that they bad the power to do this -and were held accountable for its exercise, was embodied in the text and conspiououB in Wesley's utterances. The effeot of suoh clear presenta tion of truth bad been very _greafc, and all evangelical Christendom waB witness to it, A third element of equal importance was the universal love of God to man. The promise that He would have mercy on those who came to Him, and that He would abundantly pardon the ems of penitent transgressors was joyfully repeated asdeagerly embraced, . Multitudes who : had been so oircumBtanoed as not to know the Gospel message, or to regard it as having any reference to them, reoeived it with open hearts, They bore witness that the forgiveness of sins might be and was a present experience, Toe \- love of- God became for them &otr; only- a theological phrasebnt a gladdening possession, Their assurance of - it brightened "their'lives and euBtained them in death, One other suggestion of the text was that opportunities were limited and must be used while they were available. God had to be sought " while He'was near." To forget or ignore this was to ' omit one'of tfremobt powerful arguments for immediate decision. We ale y did not do so, but urged the danger of delay, and appeals of the moBt searching and heart . stirring character, based on this foundation, were made- by himself and' his associates. It was by its adhesion to these fundamental truths'and the presence therewith of the power ot the Holy Ghost that the Methodist Ohurch had survived and multiplied. The followers ot John Wesley could exultingly re-echo'hiB dying words of triumph* "the best of all is, God' iB with us," The address closed with- an exhortation to maintain the same principles with unabated earnestness, for "if God be for us who can be against ua 1" 