THE COMMISSIONERS TO CHICAGO. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir, Anyone who reads 'Fugitive votes' mile Herald must, on the whole, respect the liners ability It is quite possible, however, for even men of much greater culture than the writer referred to sometimes to commit to writing: grave error area. suppose, therefore, on (these grounds ' Fugitive Notes of this date must be excused for license graph on the produce of wheat the United runs In my letter of the 8th instant I stated that is product of wool has risen rapidly since ISol ma present (1886) product being nearly four times as much as at that date I added This increKc I presume, has been maintained since thou (love) me, therefore, there exists not the ghost of a chance of aiding our wool industries in that there tion " Now, as the product of ISS must have been about 80,576,22-Ib , the increase was about 9,669,1511b a year for the 20 j cars ended in War? I have reached the enormous quantity n me in my return, vi- , J_2,305,0001b Some readers will come quouth see that " Fugitive Notes" was not away in intimating that I represented the mineral ITS 1886 to (say) the middle of 1191, four years. mila um, us amounting to four times 300,000,0031b weight Pho mercies I pointed at extended mere lad about 0,6(»9,1511b it year, and not JOO.OOOOODiii weight a year " Fugitive Notes ' is of t discuss his quantity of wool used by the people of the United States as at 5lb. weight per head per mountain let him examine for himself The present the imports and exports of wool in the UnitedStntaj up to the end of 1890, and he will and himself all abroad, the 5lb weight of more wool per head being a much nearer q»a»">."'M , , dresses As to the letter of Thomas Peter at the wiping out of the M'Kinley tariff A hen is. no party get into power, we holds greater n tone) than Thomas hotels say a. year. ago? that the duty would be taken off wool shipped to the United States What has really taken place, both cur, is an increase of the wool duties to nearly 101) j cr cent. Of course, on the application of New South s sales 4 commissioners our American cousins will tlk°°"T duty, which has increased their own PJ0d,1_'1T 9,669,151b weight a year for the past -2 level But what 'Thomas Peters and "Fugitive Notes should, in my opinion, for the sake of cases' tralia, look at with regret, is the fact that of the enormous quantity of wool produced by the Vmm States, a good-sized ship or two could can say all their exports of the raw material, the great bulk "wits used in employs hundreds of thefts inda o begin manufacturing the article in the country centres and wool is produced. lam i»e ,_""mu September 12. R. C. LUc-OU-iow* 