The Naturalist, — « — Always in Fine Feather- If the old adage that 'fine feathers make fine .birdB ' be true, then indeed the ostrich must possess a mono poly of value, since it is doubly advantaged on wearing magnificent plumage itsslf, and furnishing it for the decoration of the whole world. Just now there is a boom in ostrich feathers. All the sir knights have been bidden to replace t.h ir fine white plumes with black ones, and the nodding plume of a Knight Templar is always a grand feather. There will he less display in tho black ones, bat tbey will be handsome and will not show the effecis of wear and hard usage as soon as the former ones did. The shortest, most concise, most eloquont and complctest history of tbe ostrich is io be found in the hook of Job, and it purports to he a direct statement of Deity. A looil elder who had never seen an ostrich took his family and went to Barnum's circus when it was in Detroit recently on purpose to see the ostrioh which travels with the menagerie. The good man did not have much idea of how an ostrich looked, and he inspected overy cago in the tent with a zeal and caution that left nothing to the imagination. Having mistaken the pelican and the cas owary for the bird he was in search of, he finally brought up before the ostrich, and producing a copy'of the Good Book, he began to verify the description in Job, his fam ly looking on open- mouthed, and the ostrich trying to thruRt its neck' through tho roof of the cage. 4 Here he is -that's the very same bird, children,' he said, with a smack of satisfac tion. '"Why, how old is it ? Do ostriges live as kng as that ?'. asked his small son. «Ic is one of the same species,' said the elder, about whom a crowd was gathered, 4 here he is, chapter 39,' and he read aloud to the edification of his family and the amuse ment of the crowd.- However, he proved to everybody's satisfaction that the oBtrich of Job and the ostrich of Barnum belonged to the same family. "When the circus was here thebirds were al lowed their freedom in the tent after the ex hibition closed, when they ran about for exer cise. The ostrich amused it-elt by foil iwing ; unconscious visitors who bad c une on busi ness, and rapping them on th : hsa 1, or mak ing sudden and felonious assaults on them from the rear. They are grotesquely solemn birds, and tako unaccointable and pecul ar dislikes to certain people. A novelist has made this trait accessory to a neat plot in a popular work— 'The Story of an African Fa m ' A travelling impostor who has suc ceeded a gentle and lovable old. German as. overseer, endeavors, at the >-ld man's death, to find the little heard of saving he is sup posed to have left. He serce'.ci himsslt iu the :lato overseer's room, and after a long hurt 'finds a wedding ring which he lays on the table for his own . use, while he proceeds further in ihe search. At that m imeuc . three ' distinct raps are' given him ou: the top of his ibald crown. He is then palled severely by :tbe fringe of hair which adorns tbe b ick of his head, and he .flies from the pl-.ca in terror. When he returns with reinfoccmeri's the ring i3 gone. Itisattribut dti the ghost of the overseer, buti| really the work if a e'ev r girl who let out at ostriih t.Ytt detested the new man and reached bin over tho half door of the cabin. But to return to oar ostrich and its superb feath r--, which aro at present the pets of fas lion, and will be war . during the coming soasou i i such profusion as was never before dreamed of. It is only a few years that ost ish feathers' have been cheap enough for the masses to buy. Tcey were choice, like ermine and sable and similar uxuries. A genfclemaa wishing to make hi s wife a preseut of a veiy handsome feather, such a one as she had long desired, v.sited.a number of milliner's st -res, but could not Undone that was what he wanted. At last in quite a small place he saw the Very feather he desired, but it was used as the sign of the es ablisbment, being labeled 4 premium feather.' It had;taken a prize at an; exp >- sit.or. was twenty- fair inches long, black and glossy, with narrow, tapering stem. The girl in charge toll him the feather was not for sale. He insisted on buying it: 'Why, sir, I h-ard -Mis - say "that she wouldn't sell that feather for less than $20,' Baid the salesgirl. 4I will give that for it,' answered the cus tomer quickly! The girl went and told her employer, and returning took it out of the case, with a sigh. 'Your wife ought to be a very happy woman,' she remarked as she did it upwish reluctant fingers. The feather was one of the finest in the market, twenty four inches being the greatest leng h known to commerce. li was black, glossy, with a graceful natural curve, and it was one complete feather, instead of two or three deftly stitched together. It is said milliners themselves prefer to use tips as they oau compose a hat more effectively with a cluster of ostrich tip3 which show off the skill used by the Irimmer. It is not easy however, for untrained fingers to bend the long ostrich feather in dressy lines and enrves on a stiff, uncompromising hat. 'Tips' come usually in clusters of three. These had their origin in being mounted in that way for the Prince of Wales' feathers, to whit-li the distinctive name of plume is given. Ever since the custom was established by Henry, eldest son of James I., the British ostrich farm has b:en levied on for the royal aigrette. It ia said that the pomp and spectacle of , war demands an extraordinary number of ostrioh plumes and that the roldiers of all armies wiar feathers like a woman. The Highland regiments wear a great many black ostrich feathers. The funeral fea hers are not popular in t is country, but the hearse's nodding plume3 remain in favour abroad. In the last few years the culti vation of tbe California ostrich far xs having made feathers comparatively cheap broad brimmed Leghorn hats loaded with white ostrich plumes are worn by little child ren and young ladies. There is a decided tendency to eschew the brilliant dyed feathers of all colours, and adopt only the stylish and elegant black or white plumes, or the na ural drab feathers of the tird. The colour of capture is, however, very difficult to obtain, as the feathers are apt to be stained or dis coloured, and are not considered saleable un til they have gone to the bleacher. There is a foreigner in Detroit who dyes and curls feathers and makes them look like new. He was many years in mastering the art, which requires skill, labour, atmosphere, and trained hands to make it a profitable one. He can tell the difference between an ostrich feather and a vulimer feather with his ej es shut by the sense of touch. He can look at a feather and tell whether it came from Arabia, where the finest in the world are found or from the C ape of Good Hope, from a Boer ostrich farm, or from the new industry of California. He can also tell by the feather from what part of the bird's anatomy it was plucke i, aud whether it was from a dead bird, or a live one. The feathers of the dead birds are practically worthless. Those which are plucked from the live, quivering bird retain tieir life and lustre always. It is against the law n>w to pluck rut the feathers. Tcey-are cub off close to the body and the bird does not suffer any pain. The egg of an ostrich weighs three pounds. The bird itself is six and often eight feet in height, and weighs as much as three hundred pounds, and it can knock ' a man down and kill him with one blow of its mighty foot. Again Job : ' What time she lif eth up herself on high, she seorneth the horse and its difficulty.' It is what Prof. Huxley was pleased to call the 4 tegumentary appendage' that gives tho bird of history its world-wide commercial value, and fills the bonded ware house with a commodity that is worth its weight in gold. — American Paper. 