1891. To-day a new year begins, and we also enter upon the last decade of the nine teenth century of the Christian era. Looking backward over one short year it is as a rulo difficult to draw a striking contrast, but when one compares the state of mundane things as they were at the beginning of the century with what they are as they near its close, the most pessimistically inclined must be fain to admit that the gospel of despair as applied to humanity is not bused on sound premises. When the century opened the nations of Kurope were engaged in the bloodiest, most extended and most destructive struggle of modern times - a struggle which, after nearly 22 years of continuous carnage and rapine, closed with Waterloo. Great Britain was throughout all those years sacrificing the ( blood of her sons in thousands and her wealth in millions, and repeatedly during the ebb and flow of the conflict was in such dire extremity that a disaster in one great sea-fight would have placed the motherland at the mercy of Napoleon and his legions, and Britain herself become an appanage of France. But fortune favored the brave, and temporary defeats of herself or of allies were constantly repaired by bril liant victories. But the cost of victory was second only in its terrible effects to the cost of defeat, and it was many years before the nation recovered from the re action due to its almost superhuman exer tions. The condition of the masses throughout this eariy period of the cen tury yu deplorable. They were politi cally power less, the Government was in the h a ad« of ft small class, and barbarised \ i y ibe lengthy war#, ft had not begun to* dawii npou statesmen and judges that laws should bo Enacted and administered in a spirit of justice and humanity. Bad as the state of the Bri tish working classes io t.o-day, it Wa& em phatically worse and apparently more hopeless at the beginning of the century. Great reforms have since been accom plished, which have placed the masses on a political equality with tho classes, and the wondrous development of the arts and sciences has brought refinement and comfort within the rcapb the most humble. And largely this progress this moral and material advancement fras taken place within comparatively recant tupep, and is going forward with ac celerated speed. The most unfavorab'e social feature of these fatter days is the constantly recurring conflicts between capital and labor, but these arc in their re sults as battles of mice compared with the widespread human suffering which, at the beginning of the cycle, followed on only one of the many military and naval engagements. The standard pf well being of the British misses has been raised during the past nine decades, and chiefly within the last lif f y years, to a height wbmh it certainly never befuta at tained, the .“increasing purpose’^of tito poet is still running onwards, the end has assuredly hot yet bepo reached. But turning to our own country, thero ere few, with the evidences of progress on every side, who can doubt that, in' these climes at all events, the ouileok is not brilliant with hope. The colonies are, still veiy %rkh iflie % u£ uutiuDs, yot tL«*y bu\e already cpn»-1 alter'd to takr on thttoFolvca tbo 1 character and tunny of thu r. ■.ponsibi- Htlfa cf independent Mute*. Hern is compl 'tc political liberty, autl so far as tbo happiness of a nation can le con served by good laws, Urn people have tho shaping of their destinies in their own hands. We ore not m yet free from the risks to tfhich tlie advance- 1 inunt of tlu* colonies is exposed by the periodical breaking out of strikes such as the great one which for nearly four months this your disarranged the indus tries of the whole continent. But ns our people, wo believe, aro in general too wise to permit of their interests to be wantonly sacrificed at the behests of either labor or capital, it is perhaps not taking a too optimistic view to venture the prophecy that crc the present century closes labor wars will in these regions be made im possible owing to the removal of the ag gravating cause. Notwithstanding the disorganisation and loss occasioned in the recent great industrial and class struggle, the colonics possess such recuperative power that nothing approaching to a permanent national disaster resulted therefrom. Pros perity and quietness appear to have again set in in each of the colonies, and witli a .promise of a fairly abundant lurvest, the prospects for tbo now year aro as cheerful as could be reasonably desired. Our own colony is as usual amongst tlio nvist favored ones, its farming and pastoral lands yielding according to their wont; tlio manufacturing pre- eminence of the colony is still unshaken, notwithstand ing tho growing popularity of ProUctionist principles amongst our neighbors and cus turners of tho other provinces, and the gold mine'* aro easily maintaining the average productiveness of tlio mom recent years. Tho auguries arc therefore highly favorable for Ibttl, promising a full measure of peace, progress and prosperity. Grateful indeed to a kind Providence should our people be that they were given tho inheritance of a country where, with energy, thrift and temperance, their lives should ho as full of sunshine as the skies above them. And such, wc trust, will bo the experience of all our readers, when, not as a mere figure of speech, but ns a hope which wo confidently trust will be realised, wo wish them “ A Happy Now Year and many returns of tho day.’’ f’ccnru Pane.—The following additional reading matter will bo (cuud ou tho foutth page Mining Newt and Note*, City Polio Court, Singular Domestic Arrangement?. To day’s Events. — Esglchawlt Athb tic Club Spoil ; Mary borough Sports ; Oddfellows’ Picnic to Msroug ; cricket mvtcli, Li C.C.C. r. Cobu-g, Back Creek; Cogill liros, Theatre, Tom MargeUs’ entertainmout, 3". J • m'.-*’ Hill, Death or Mu Thomas Dowsky.— Y«**terday mor.d g an old identity named Thos Dows’y died in a smell house in bridge street, where h<\- had bd ii living for some time pvsi He was 75 ye»rs of age, and was formerly a resident of K»gl«bawl>. homo years ago he acquired a competency through successful investments in the mines there, but latterly was in poor cir cumstance?. About 17 years ag > wt ea living at New ('hum ho married a young worn id, but tho union was an unfortunate one, and ihclr two soas, the issue of the marriage, arc now in charge of tho department for ncgl ctcd children The funeral takes place this tuerniag nt 11 o’clock to tho White Hills ctmatery The drci-ased, who was only taken seriously ill s few days pr I >r to his death, was not attend) d by a medicil mar. The police theref>r»- rep ined it to the coroner, but it is unlikely that an en quiry wi'l b) considered necessary, >t there is no doubt thrt desl i was duo to old age aid general debility. 3ad Accident to a Child—Yesterday after noon a little boy named Taylor, aged 9 years, accidentally slipped down an abandoned shaft at Sebastian, As quickly as possible m ans were taken to rescue the nnfortunal • child, and in the hope that ho might be brought up alive a telegram was despatched to K glohawk to obtain I .e presence of Dr. M’Keo. How, ver, a little later ou the body was rescued, and it was then seen that the little fellow was quite dead. A countermanding tmsiago to ihat effect was then ftrwurdtd to the doctor. Mr. Grainger, inspector of mines, will \i-5‘ the place to-day, and the polio w ill arrange for an inquest. Kndino vs Unhaity Life.—Mr. W. Clar sou, F. L.S., wus found at half p-st 7 o’clock on Tu. sdoy morning, i.t the < Hi ;«.■ of < he Mildura Cultivator, shot through the s um ich. A gun which had been discharged wjs lying on the door. The repoit of the gun brought im m-diite assistioc-, but the wound, which was tclf ii di ’i d, was of so serious » nature that no h p-i i f recovery vert* en ertai.c.l, utid he died five hours af.erwords. Great con sternation w.-vs cius d thiougiiout the settle a.cut by tho event, as Mr. CGison was very popular, before his death he gave ss his ic-son for thu act that his mice) was distressed by troubles of a private character in reference to certain monetary transactions, and that he suffered terrible pains in the head in conse quence, He was known to bt in distressed I circumstance* for want of money. Mr. CUiso . I was formerly a member of the wcll-Kuuwn printing firm of Clara.-u, Martina and Co., of Melbourne, and during tiro past 20 years has been engaged or various journals. As an onrhoijiy and writer on horticultural matters ho bad no superior in Australia ; but in his latter day* unfortunately lucked the oll ity toiutu his practical and theoretical skill to prelitahlo ao count for himself. The Funeral of the late Mr. Jamta Pascoo took place yesterday afternoon from hfa resi dence, the Belfast Aims Hotel, tu tho Back Creek Cemetery. There were abont thirty vehicles present, and included among those Spgint wore some of tho oldest residents of tho (strict and intimate friends of Mr. Pa-coe- The Interment was in tho Church of England portion of the ccmolciy, and thu Uev. J M’Taggart Evais read tho buiial service. Mr. W. Farmer conducted the mortuary arrange ments. William Balson, aged 77, admitted to the Benevolent Asylum on the llih August, 1S87, died 29th December from senile debility. Hu was a native of Yorkshire, and ariivjd in tho colony in 1857 in the ship Watchman. CfT with a Lemonade Bottle.—On Tues day last Mrs- Spittle, wife of tho licence of Power’s Hoto’, bull street, was handling a lemonade bottle when it burs*. Quo of the fragments struck her hand, inff.ctirg a nasty wound. She was attended to by Dr. J. M‘Inlyre Kadi?, who found it nccessaiy to in sert several stitches. Presentation. —At the “ Favorite Shop,” on Corist ties Iv.<, the employes of the establish ment, through Mr. C. F. Scott, presented Mr. Henry Orovenor with a handsome and massive silver claret jog, accompvnUd with a chtquofor “ twenty thousaud blessings,” A most cordial feeling prevailed on all hands, and great satis faction was expressed at tho kind treatment vnd consideration shorn? by Mr. Groveaor towards all in his employ. In returning thank* Mr. Orovenor >UUd that ho bud been I e quently congratulated by bis customers and leading citizens on hii wisdom in having his ertabllshmont uunned by such able and ex perienced assistants in preference to junior*. Ho considered that ids bn*t thanks wore due to hit assistants, as they, in a wry large measure, were the cause of such an extraordinary increase in his business, which had doubled itself during the year. The prec eding* terminated with all hands singing For he is a j >IIy go id Fellow." The Salvation Army. — Twenty-coven officer* of the Northern District met in a “Council of War” yesterday, end in the evening theio ww a very enthusiastic gathering at the High street Si-»j i»t 0iah>min com mand. Nineteen officer* vore crowpr, Including nine female officer* who haw passed £hfoogn the training home in Melbourne. Ths mooting •vas prtiwipxlly given op tj tie soldiers sou lassos bearing testimony to Christ’* power to save and keep, Interapevsnd with joyoos singing led by Ceptain Shaw. The Training Homo officers ssng dnete, etc,, with hearty refrains by the whole corps At the close a prayer meeting was held, when sinners ware Invited to $om« out for salvation. At half-past tm the watch night services commenced. At hilf-prst four o’clock this morning tho fir*t detachment of tho corps proceed by train to b.gth <t, the second leaving at 11.45, where the corpe will have a general day.* 1 WATCH Nivu? Suivi/jr:.—In acco.dmco with the Uaw-honored custom, watch night services were held lo neatly ajl the churches of, the ol»y end sukcfThs CVCniw, 3$tablel address** w'-re given by i!?* l *-aa*.W of I meeting, dwelling specially upon the ievo ** 1 God towards them during the y^arjust ending and how in return each and ..I * ©uld eff.-r a sacrifice of ihxnkogivtagaod pr.fso to the Giver of all Good, and atroogly urging the audiences to re dedicate lhem*olv#a to tho service of God. The closing minutes of the old year and the first ones of the new wore spent in silent prayer. Soon qf.er ibe bolls begun to peal out, ushering In the New Year, and the congregations dispersed. The Wcsloyans held service* h',. Jhe~ Forest street, Golden Square, California (Jffily and Long Gully Churches, the Revs, Williams, Marsland and Soholes oondocilog the cervices. The Rev, J. Garlick coodactftd the services in the A’l Saints’ Church, AKohdrscon MacCnllagh at St. PaQi’s, and in fh* C mgregational Cbnrah, Forest street, tho 1 R«v. R. K-I'h Mack ay W! the devatlons. Tyie Bible Christians held ssr* ! vies* sphe Loon Colly and MfJCsnale streak iQloeofie*, the Ref- F. Lockwood offiofatlog at 'the former, and lip® Rev. C. Yeo at the latter. Jri the Baptist (whurch, Hargreaves street, the IK*,.-. K. J. Welch conducted asrvioc, Tlio Ui i’ ii Ficc Me'hodlita hold services to the Celviu tUevt and Ironbark Churches, '!»' Re • E. Turner uffijlatiog at tho first-namuJ church, r.kl dr. Thos. Mot.ael nt irrmbvrk. The *lai . * Aimy ant ice was at:. mlad hy ijvcr«l rtlii'i’ia from thu northern dietriu., with M«j >r Graham to command. A Viir.Y Serious Accident (write* '■•>ur Englehawk correspondent) took place last orcii ing to the little daughter of Mr. Menlo, who lives in Holclsworth road, Ixuig Gully. With some other li lie children the wat playing at the old Alabama mii.o, Bh<i s:a!*s that anrthsr girl ehoved her under the pumping inb, which loro the scalp up frightfully and fractured the skull. Bho was brought to Dr. ‘I horn’s surgery, who put several stitches in the wound, and ordered her immediate removal tJ tho hospital. Royal Princess Theatre —There was a very good attendance at tho Theatre last even ing, when Cogill Bror.’Comedy Company pre sented a programme similar to that of the pre vious evening. A number of new songs, dances, at«., were introduced. Tho brothers Cogill woro very amusing in their specialities, aud the Maher Brothers were loudly applauded for tlidr Irish specialities. Mi is Saroul received an • ncoro for her “Teutonic Warbiings,” nod Miss Laura Roberts was well received In her *ong*, “See how it Sparkles” and “Annie Laurie.” This evening there will be a change uf piograinme, “ Muhloon’a I’icelo” being aubvi tuted for “Tho Brook." Charley C’cgili will undertake “ Muloahoy,” P. Maher “Muldoon” aud Harry Cogill “ Parson Brown.” Socialities at Stuathfi kldsayk. —On Mon day t vi ning last Mr. and Mrs. Salmon, of Woodoide, S'. Kiida, who are ot present resid ing at thuir Woerouiia Vineyard, Emu Crcok, tntortoiiud a largo number of the local residents at a social parly. The tables were tuid in tho north cud of the press room, which was nicely d-<coratcd,and tho luncheon was presided over by Mr. M. Rundtdl, J P , with Mr. A. Brubniu the vicc-ohair. Dancing was afterwards indulged in by about eighty couples, and tho gathering and spumed with every good wisli (or tho hospi table host and hosiers. Oriental Concert and Dance.— An enter tainment was given uudor this tide Ins: night at the Royal Hal), Forest street. The room was delightfully cool, and every arrangement was made for tho convenience of Duiiig the evening the pro ceedings were en livened by tinging and dancing. Mr. T. Msrgetts and Mr. P. Tavcrnor »ang some enlet tabling songs, while Musters Stewart sod M'Unnan nicely danced tho Highland Fling, A very hrgo number took part in tho dances during tho evening, Mn. Joseph Sterndbro, who has had a very severe at.d prolonged attack of gastritis, is now, his friends will be pleased to learn, con valescent, and able to apprar out uf doors. Though still rather weak, ho should, with a c-mlinuacoa of the present cool weather aud by taking great care of himself, be soon re stored to perfect health. At the meeting of tho committee of tho rSagbhawk Mechanic*’ Institute on Monday evening a special vote of (hanks was passed to him, and it was decided to make him a life-governor, in recognition of his having at the two recent musical fee* rivals held on behalf of the institute, contri buted the principal trophies for competition, and otherwise aided the committee. Presentation to Archdeacon MacCullaou, —-Watch-night service was held as usual last night at St. Paul's Church. There was a Urge congregation, and tho Venerable Archdcuc- n MacCultsgh preached from Isaiah XL, 30, 31 After the sermon Mr. J. K. Hoekiuas epped for ward and presented tho Archdeacon with a purse of soveidgns. In doing so he stated hs had been requested by the members of the vestry and congregation to make the presenta tion us a token of their respect and affection towards tholr pastor. Ho had been offered larger stipends elsewhere, but he declined all thoee offered, and remained amongst them, aud this too without asking his stipends to be increased. Whilst in Sandhurst ho bad done a greal deal towards assisting tho poor, and his name would ever b> remembered by these whm ho generously helped. In thanking Mr Hoskins and tho congregation for the handsome present, Archdiacon MacCullagh said that, as tho stipend which ho re ceived was sufficient for his requirements, he did in.t widi fur more. Although his work had hee.i arduous, it was always made agreeable to him by the fact that from tho first day he arrived in Hamihnret up to tho present moment he had experienced nothing but kindness. It was not likriy that he would be with them on □ext New Year’s Day, «« be anticipated taking atrip to England. Hr, however, hoped that boib young and old would remain true to tire church and their Ood. He concluded by wishing all a “ Happy and prosperous New Year." The Daylksford Scandal.— Hoorc, who was injured by AvUon, is now much improved. Ho was able to visit Melbourne last week. The charge against Avison of wounding Hoare with he tomahawk will bo investigated at the local tourt onfiho 14th prox. Mr. Geake, a local soli citor, will act for Avison, and is stated that the cervices of Mr. Best, ofCastlcmainr, have been *e‘dined on Hoar»’a behalf. Sympathy with Mr. Mirams.— A move ment h»a (say* the Evening Sta-idard) been set on foot by friends of James Mirams, convicted of preparing a false balance sheet in connection with the Premier Permanent Building Society, to secure his release, and L assuming extensive propo tiens. They propose that a monster meeting shall be held in tho Melbourne lowo Hall, or la some other large building, with a view of passing a resolution calling upon the Governor to respite (he sentence of 12 months passed by tbo Chief Justice, Meanwhile, Mr. Mirams is confined in tho Melbourne Gaol, where ho is allowed to wear his own clothes pending his removal to the gaol where his term of imprisonment will bj served. This has not as yut been fixed, but we believe it is the in tention of tho pri-on authorities to send him to Casfelemaiao. Mr. Mirami has taken hia gaolers by surprise by his extraordinary equanimity and apparent indifference ta the serious nature of his position. He »lo<ps wcl 1 , cats tho prison fare as if ho bad bei-n used :o it alt his life, and convenes with a de gree of froedo n and unreserve that bespeak an cosy and contented mind. During his term ho will be treated as an ordinary first offender, to whom certain indulgences are extended, bar he will have to wear the prison clothes an 1 perform whatever prison labor is assigned to him. Successful Journalism. —Tho “ Review of Review*,” a journal of quite recent birth, edited by Mr. W. T. Stead, the editor at one time of the P.»Il Mall Gazette, bus had quite a phenomenal spring into popularity. The ninth number, vol. 11, had a circolation of 90,000, kha tenth number 100.000, the eleventh number (November), 125 000; whi st for the Deccmbrr double number, tho magazine will go to press wl h a first edition of 200,000. Honor Candidates. Amongst the honor candidates in tho recent matriculation examine* cions were Andrew Htrkness (Sandhurst Gram mar School), in *tho third class, in algobta geometry and trigonometry; Lilian McGiliivray, whu with Edward Jolly (St/ Francis Xavier**, Kew) divides the exhibition prize lor tho first class in English and history; Florence Soaking, in tecond-olass honors in French and German. The Split in the “ Army.”—Some serious statements relative to the disposal of the funds (f the Salvation Army have been made in connection with the dispute between “General” Booth and “ Commissioner” Frank Smith, who n«s had charge of tho Social Reform wing of the Army organisation, but who recently re signed. “ Commissioner” Smith alleges that the moneys have been loosely handled, and that the separate funds supposed to be kept for sooisi and religious purposes havo to a large extent boon intermixed. “General” Booth denies the statements made by “ Commissioner” Smith. Trr Millers’ Dispute.— The men (<ays the Melbourne Telegraph) are just at determined <o fight as the masters are equally confident of winning. Thry state that tho employers arc not unanimous on the new rules, and that whee »he s*h January comes half the millers in Vic toria will decline to make any alteration in the working conditions. The Bishop of Killaloo (Kilkenny) denies the report that several shots wore fired at his hall door. The Juvenile Exhibition continues to prove a great attraction, and the receipts to d*t> amount to over L2OOO. A Clerks’ Union.—A movement has been btaytvJ jo London with good prospects of suc cess foy ctjeotjag up organisation amongst oi-rkg. Jt Is propound that tjio organisation be called the Watlaoal Unjon of Clerks! • A Shockino Natality occurred on Monday evening at the Newlyn Reservoir, which supplies Clunes with water. Three brothers, sons of the oroUßor, united M'Leod, aged respectively 8, 10 and 12 years, lost thefr lives through the ospe>|dng ( t f » boat. The police were engaged all night in dragging for the bodies, bat it was n«t until Tuesday aft'rooou that they were recovered. It appears that the boys wont out to moor a boat, nod when about to return (be small boat In which they were seated almost immediately cip*il*d, They were accompanied by an elder brother, wh<J **Deri*Do«d a narrow Scape, joet managing to‘reach luC r. M'Leod js the caretaker of the waterworks »pd only a afiort U W o ,go waj left with a lam •* 3Mdren owfng \t> tho death pf bb wife. Ho is ni::*’ great sympathy Is expressed for him owio* ~ 'penrrenoe. Important Postal Alterations.—To day Munuary 1) a number of alterations in the postal arrangements come into eff ct. The ratee of postage on all letters addressed to all p.»>t* of (lie world except British New Guinea, Fiji and the Now Hebrides, will bo permanently reduced to 2sd per soz. Post cards to th United Kingdom will be charged 2d each. L‘ttars to New S™th Wales, South Australis, West Austral!*, Queensland, Tasmania, New E'aland, Fiji, Br tmh New Guinea, and New Hebrides, v ill b*» charged 2d per ioz Ins teed of "u vox lot KegivUrtd letter*, packet*, parc^ltf, • * h#r * ver •Mrostod. will be charged 3d la addition to the ordinary r*to of postage instead **sM» the rate charged hitherto, laivffidentls paid correspondence will he taxed double the amount of the deficiency, and packets insuffi* oleotly stamped will be treated la the same way pruviillni; they bear* certain minimum amount of stamp’, otherwise thsy will b« forwarded to the dead letter office. Newspapers mutt In nil oaaes ho fatly iropsid, or tb*y will not bo fwrwjrdt J. Tuk Wkathkr.—Results of meteorologic al ob •orvation* taken at Mr. W. M. vVaddolt's, Pall MaM, yretmlay:—Thermometer, 0 a.m., R5 5 ; 12 n ion, 71 3 , 3 p rn , 7li 3 : 0 p rm, 72 5 ; rai»x., 76° ; min., •is - ; buoimt'-r, y a,in,, 29-420 ; 0 p.m., 2D.4S0. Tuk Dkkaijltino Bank Manaukk- —In refer ence to tho in iti’a olothos and the ditchargsd revolver whloh were found on the rock* at Bondi, an examination of the paper* la the pooKets disclosed tho fact that limy belonged o Mr. W. Bennett, manager of tho English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, Ox ford street, Paddington, Sydney. An examina tion of H»nnolt’* books disclosed defalcations ti the extent of about LIOOO, and a warrant was issued for his arrest. Ilia presumed that hesallcd by the San Francisco mail stoormr, which left Sydney on Wednesday afternoon last, and thro.- day*' holiday and Sunday intervening has given time for tho steamer to leave Auckland. The next port of call is Honolulu, which is not connected with anywhere by cable. If Bennoit is on board he has got a splendid five days’ start, and tho detectives, as a matter of fact - , have ii'tlo hope of catching him for a time at least. Ho Is a well known “ man about town,” but had a fairly good reputation in tho bank wherein ho served. Cormi.AY and DournTY.—Some further de tails (says the Age) have come to light with re gard to i ho costs of the Premier Permanent con spiracy case', It is stated that Mr, Neighbour received LI000 for bis conduct of tliu defence of Mr, J. K. Oourlay in the Ciiy Court, and that hit solicitor's coats amounted to L50U ad dl ionai. In tho Banco Court, Ur. Madden and Mr. Neighbour, who were nt.dntd by the •am* defendant, divided L3500 In foes between them. Farther s ilicit ire’ costs were also in* cirrcd, and the totrl expenditure of this de fendant oaino to bi-tween 1.6000 and L6000. Thu Argus of yesterday point blank denies the Age’s fctrtcment of the day before, that the Crown Law officers have decided to let tho prosecution drop ogainst (lourlay and Doherty. The matter has not yet b en considered, Alto g«*h-ir it in calcuLl-d that, iucluiliug the COits of ii th side*, the barristers and solicitors, witnesses, etc., have cleared L40,0U0oat of the different trials. Missing. — A young man named Rankin, soo of Dr. Rankin, of St. Kilda, is reported to have disappeared from Corop at an early hour yesterday morning. Ho is said to be suffering from religious mania, and wa< seen riding on horseback in she direction of Sandhurst. The police here, however, heard nothing of him. Two Boys Killed by Lightning —A heavy thunderstorm pasted over the Rutherglcn dis trict list Sunday evening. Just bloro the storm tvo boys, named Andrew Harrison, 13 years old, son of Mr. Mellor Harrison, manager of Mr. T. Reeves’ vineyard at Liliiput; and William Gloom, 10 years, son of Mr. Isaac Gloom, of LUUpnt, ware returning from a paddock driving cows to milk, and when the rain came on they took shelter under a trer. The lightning stmek the tree, killing both boys. A search party went out, and the lads were found botn lying under the tree, Harrison, as if asleep, bat Gloom's eyes wsrs wide open. The storm continued all night. Tuk Oklahoma Land Rush.— Intelligence boa been received that acute distress exists at OkUbom*, the reserved territory in tho United Sta'es whloh was thrown open foi|scttlcmeut by the Government less than two yrars ago. A frantic rush for land took place on that occasion, and people Hocked to the district in such numbers that trouble was apprehended in many quarters. It is now stated that 30,000 of trite settlers are absolutely destitute of food and clc thing. A “Ghost” Shot. —During the holidays a man named Hart, a bank clerk at Wagga, im person Mod a ghost. Another bank olerk, underst >• ding the joke, fired a blank charge at the wou d-be ghost, and the wad, striking him in the chest, inflicted a serious injury. Thb trade at Eohuca, as far as work is con cerned, does nos appear to be falling off much this year, tho quantity of wool which has come to hand and paMnd through the local railway station up to Tuesday last Ming dote on 150,000 bal s. The “ Australian Journal" for December is to ham', and sa*rov1abl as ever 