OUR SAN FRANCISCO LETTER. , SAN FRANCISCO, DEC. 11 Congress are natural ed at Washington on the 1st Instant for the closing session of the 51st Cong loss, which expires on March 4, 1891. As explained in previous letter, the nan House of Representatives elected in November last does not come into exist- ence- until March i, And is not required to assemble until December, 1891, unless called together in special cession by the President between Wa oh and December. Under the system of Government with which readers of the Herald are familiar, a popular expression of opinion at the polls adverse to the party in power, such as that of last November in this country, would have been accepted as final, and would have led to some changes policy. With us it is different. The President, H elected for a term of years In the present case his tenure of office extends till March, 1893, and the House of Representatives, which was elected at the same time as the President, in November, 1888, exercises its functions until it expires by operation of law in March soil. Still it might have been thought that the party in power would have accepted the verdict of the people, or that at least it would refrain from attempting to carry out the measures pending at the time of the last adjourn- ment of Congress, and upon which the people had placed the seal of their condensation. What- ever expectations on this score may have existed were set at rest by the Preemmts message- to Congress, which showed that the administration had learned nothing by the disastrous defeat of November The message is a lengthy document of about 15,000 words. Is it the resident takes issue with the people on their judgment on the U'Etnley Tariff, and rather peevishly insists that " there is neither wisdom nor rustics in the suggestion that the subject of tan II revisionthall be opened before this law has had a fair trial " The most remarkable thing in the message, however, is the persistence with which the President urges the passage of the Federal Election law, notwithstanding the fact that it has been repudiated by the pope at the polls and condemned by nearly all the prominent newspapers of his own party. Perhaps the most interesting part of the message to Australian readers is that portion in which the President refers to the Australian mail service. On 'his. subject he says - "lbs present situation of our mail communication with Australia illustrates the importance of early action by Congress. The Oceanic Steamship Com- any maintains a line of steamers between San 'Francisco, Sydney, and Auckland, consisting of three vessels, two of which are of United States registry, and one of foreign registry. For the service done by this line in carrying the mails we fly annually the mm of 46,00Udol, that being estimated the full sea and United States inland postage, which is the limit fixed by law The colonies of New South Wales and New Zealand have been paying annually to these lines £37 000 for carrying the mails from Sydney and Auckland to San Francisco the contract under which this payment has been made li now about to expire, and those colonies have refused to renew the contract unless the United States shall pay a more equitable proportion of the sum necessary to hold the service I am advised by the Postmaster-General that the United States received for carrying the Australian mails brought to San 1 Francisco in these steamers and by rail to Vancemer, an estimated annual income of 7o,000Jol, while, us I have stated, we are paying out for the support of the steam ship line that brings this mail to the United States only 4C,000dol, leaving an annual surplus rotating from this service of 29 600dol The trade of the United states with Australia, which is in a considerable part carried by these steamers, and the, bole of which is practically dependent upon the mail communication which they maintain, is largely in our favour Our, total exports of merchandise to Aus roller ports during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1500, were 11,200-18-ldul, while the total imports of merchandise from these ports were only 4,277,0 6dol If we are not willing to see them prtant steamship line withdrawn or continued with Vancouver substlrutedforbanb Francisco as the American terminal, Congress should put it in the power of the RBtmaater-Gineral to make a liberal increase in the amount now paid for the transportation of this important rail On this subject public opinion is entirely with the President, and unless the whole time of the short vision of Congress 13 frittered away in the attempt insecure partisan legislation it is probable that provision will be made for continuing the present service on terms more equitable than the, Loreto fes existing. There is reason to fear, however, that more time will be de- vited to partisan measure than to legislation for the general good. On the day after the assembling of Congress it was announced that a focus of Republican senators had determined to take up the Federal Election Bill in the Senate, and to force it to its passage to the exclusion of all other business. This bill, which passed the House at the last session, proposes to turn over the control of all congressional elections to Federal supervisors to be appointed for life by the Judges of the Federal Circuit Courts. Congress has now been in session two weeks, and the whole of tho time of the Senate has been taken up with this bill, which is violently opposed by every Democratic Senator. The opposition to it is so formidable that it would be impossible to pass it at this session under the existing rules of the Senate, and for that reason a proposition is now under discussion in the Republican Senatorial caucus to institute changes in the rules so as to admit of the application of the closure in debate in that body. The coal- mine having this matter of the proposed amendment to the rules in charge will report next week. In both the House and the Senate a number of mills have been introduced for the free coinage of silver, as. was sth..<viso adding to the currency of the country. It is felt on all hands that something nfnsfbo done to relieve the monetary stringency which still prevails in the great financial centres b the East. Every where there is a nervous fooling did this, by encouraging hoarding, only serves to increase the stringency and make the danger greater. How much of this stringency is due to natural and how much to artificial causes it is impossible to tell. It is hinted that some of the great capitalists of the country are hoarding money with the deliberate purpose of breaking the prices of Wall-street securities for speculative purposes, This much is known, that after the brief panic by which Wall-street was disturbed at the time of the ou going of the last Australian steamer it was found that Jay Gould, the railroad millionaire, and the Rockefeller?, of Standard Oil fame, had succeeded in obtaining control of the Union Pacific, the Northern Pacific, and the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe railroad systems, enabling them to make the most powerful railroad combination over known in this country. But no one outside of themselves eau know whether they worked to bring about the situation, or merely took advantage of it after it arose. There is no doubt, however, that one cause of the money crisis is the maturing of obligations incurred by the large importing. houses, who imported during the four months ending with September goods to the amount of many millions of dollars in excess of immediate requirement? for the purpose of of taking advantage of the old tariff rates before the McKinlay Tariff went into operation. The reserves held by the New York banks have taken many millions of dollars below the amount required by the rules of the Clearing House Association. Commenting on this condition of affairs, the New York Commercial "(Iticriiser said editorially a few days ago, " In the East the situation is critical, and in many respects discouraging. The all-important duty lies upon Congress to extend beyond February 1 the period in which headed imports brought in under the old tariff may be taken out of the wars- i houses. If a 'congress compels the payment of the heavy duties during the critical month of January the party in power will justly be held responsible for any disaster which follows" The situation is indeed critical, every day the telegraph brings us news of more failures-, the liabilities in many cases running into millions of dollars, and there is no telling where it will end. The Ititten house Manufacturing Company, of Passage, New Jersey, went under in the first week of the present month. It was one of the largest woollen manufacturing houses in the United States, and its president, and the principal owner of its Block was Edgar II. Ammidown, president of the American Protective Tariff League. Mr. Ammidown was one of the most influential of the many large manu- factured who went before committees of both Houses of Congress in its last session and urged the passage of the McKinley Tariff Bill with its increased rates of duties. Afterthofailureof the company, which involved him to such an extent that he was forced to make an assignment of his individual property, he ascribed the failure to the unsettled condition of business and the disturbed public confidence brought about by the recent Democratic success. It turned out, however, that the failure was due to the fact that while Mr. Ammi- down, as president of the American Protective Tariff League was BO assiduously urging the levying ( I of increased duties on woollens for the protection of American labour, he was importing millions of dollars of that class of manufactures with the hope of getting the advantage of the higher prices which be hoped the tariff would enable him to eat for the roads. In that way his company became so largely over-burdened that it was unable to meet its obliga- tions as they fall due. Another sensational failure was that of Dora mater's Bank, in Pennsylvania, Delamator was defeated as Republican candidate for Governor of that State in November, though supported by the whole power and influence of the Administration. His nomination was forced on the Republican party in Pennsylvania by Senator Matt Quay, who is also chairman of the Republican National Committee, An effort will be made to pass a Congressional the apportionment Bill at this session. The proposed re apportionment will make the House of Repre sentatives to be elected in 1892 consist of 350 members instead of 832 as at present. The gain of 21 members will be distributed among the various States as follows Alabama 1, Arkansas 1, California 1, Colorado 1, Georgia 1, Illinois 2, Kansas 1, Massachusetts 1, Michigan 1, Minnesota 2, Missouri 1, Nebraska 8, New Jersey 1, Oregon 1, Pennsylvania 2, Texas 2, Washington 1 and Wisconsin 1. There is a possibility that the next election of President of the United States in 1892 may be thrown into the House of Representatives. The Farmers' AiUnnco, which cut such an important figure in the recent Congressional elections, threatens to appear as an independent third party in national politics in that year. The question whether it shall place an independent candidate for President in the field in 189:! is to be decided at a convention to be held in Cincinnati in February next, The Democratic members of the alliance in the Southern States. are opposed to the nomination of an alliance candidate for the presidency, but they may be overruled by the delegates from the Western Star as. If a third candidate is placed in the field by the alliance, and if the alliance succeed in carrying the States which they carried in the recent Congressional elections it is more than possible that no one of the three candidates would receive a majority of the votes in the electoral college. In that event the duty of electing a President de- volves, under the Constitution, upon the House of Representatives. As in that case the Congressional delegation from each State cast its vote as a unit this would ensure the election of a Democratic President, as the election would be thrown into the house which has just been elected in which the Democrats have a majority of the delegations from 29 States out of the di composing the Union. Professor H. R. Elliott, of the Smithsonian Institute, has presented a report to Congress of the result of his investigations on a recent trip to Alaska, He reports that the fur seal industry in American Alaskan waters is in imminent danger of becoming extinct. At the present time he estimates that there are only 100,000 seals in American waters, The continued depredations upon them have reduced the number so much that hardly a sufficient number remain for breeding. He recommends that the catching of fur seals at the American rookeries be entirely suspended for a period of seven years. Meanwhile it appears from the President's message that there is no immediate prospect of the settlement of the dispute between this country and Great Britain as to the right of English boxers to take seats in the waters claimed by the United States as mare clauses. August Belmont, the well-known New York banker, died in that city on November 24th, of pneumonia He was born in Germany, in 1816, and came to New York in 1887 at the early age of 21 as agent for the Rothschilds, establish- ing the great banking business which has continued ever since. In 1816 he married a niece of Commodore Perry. He became prominently identified with the Democratic party in this country, and in 1853 was sent to the Hague as Minister Resident of the United States, a position which he filled until 1858, when he resigned and returned to New York. He was an enthusiastic lover of the turf, and owned a valuable stud of racing stock, which has been sold in pursuance of an express provision of his will enjoining his sons to eachow horse-racing. Charles H. Livingston, who between the years 1868 and 1873 was well known in both Melbourne and Sydney, died in this city on the 1st instant He was a native of the State of New York, and in 1868 went to Australia, where for several years he was interested in various business enterprises with Thomas Stanford, who founded the Melbourne house of Stanford and Co. Removing from Melbourne to Sydney, he was largely instrumental in the successful reorganisation and revival of a shale oil mining enterprise, which had proved a failure under previous management. On his return to this country in 1878 he settled in California, where he became interested in a number of mining enterprises. For the past five years he was the president and manager of the Alta Californian Publishing Company, which owns and publishes the newspaper the daily Alta t alignment of this city. During two years of that period, 1888 and 1880, he was also the manager of the Palace Hotel of this city. At the time of his death, which resulted from an attack of pneumonia, he was 56 years. of age, -His Majesty King Kalakaua, of the Hawaiian Islands, is a visitor to this country. He arrived in San Francisco on December 5 on board the United States cruiser Charleston. Some of the newspapers have published a sensational story to the effect that his visit is in the interest of a desired annexation of his kingdom to the United States. The stories are undoubtedly without foundation. He declares that his visit is entirely for pleasure, and that it has no political significance is borne out by the fact that he intends to confine his visit to the State of California. Benjamin P. Snillaber, a well-known American humourist, died on November 25, at Chelsea, Massachusetts, at the age of 76, of heart disease. He was the originator of Mrs. Partington" and her son "Ino," whose quaint sayings have been popular the world over for nearly 50 years. At New York, on December 2, Mr and Mrs. Cyrus W. Field celebrated the 50th anniversary of their wedding. Congratulatory messages were received from all over the world. Amongst others there was received a cable message from England headed by the Duke of Argyll and Mr. Gladstone and signed with the names of over 60 men distinguished in every walk of life congratulating Mr. Field upon the achievement of the laying of the first ocean cable across the Atlantic. Stocks of gr. in on hand in California are short as compared with the visible amounts at the same period last year, and prices are exceptionally high. Wheat for shipping purposes is selling at SOd!. to ls2 dol. per cental; barley, at 50deg. and 15 Adol. for feeding purposes, and feeding oats are strongly held at 1 'OUdoL per cental. We have had one liberal shower throughout the grain raising see: ion a of this State, and ploughing at this time is general. The present indications are favourable for an early crop. Coal is still extremely high, and since the sailing of the last steamer there has been only one Australian arrival, the Pass of Balmaha, with 2850 tons. The tonnage market is entirely bare of vessels suitable for wheat loading. The British ship Champion, the last remaining disengaged - iron vessel in port, was chartered yesterday to load wheat for Cork (U. !£.), Havre, Antwerp, or Dunkirk, at 43s 9d. The wooden ships George Curtis and Henry Failing were chartered to load wheat to Cork, United Kingdom, Havre, or Antwerp at 33s 9d and 33s respectively. This leaves our market entirely bare of ships, but there are several good sized vessels due, or nearly due. There have been grave apprehensions all this month of a general uprising of the aboriginal Indians in the various Indian reservations in North and South Dakota, Montana, Nebraska, Colorado, Wyoming, and New Mexico For months past a eemt-roligious craze has been growing among all the Indiana. How it originated no one seems to know, but they have become pervaded with the idea that an Indian Messiah is to arise, under whose leader- ship the white race is to be exterminated, and the Indians restored to the possessions of their ances- tors. Some of the Indians claim to have seen this Messiah, and the probability is that some half breed has been imposing on the more ignorant members of his race. Many of the settlers on the frontiers became alarmed, and in many cases forsook their settlements. The greatest danger seemed to be apprehended in the neighbourhood of the Indian Agency at Pine Ridge, South Dakota. It was estimated that in the event of an outbreak 6000 Indian warriors in the Dakotas might take the field. It now tons more than probable, however, that the danger was greatly exaggerated, but it was thought sufficiently great to warrant the concentration of 5000 or 6000 United States troops at the points where there was the greatest apprehension of an outbreak. One of the features of this Messiah craze was the institution of. "Ghost" dances, in which the Indians in large numbers worked themselves up to a pitch of superstitious enthusiasm, which it was feared might at any time result in a sudden raid accompanied by rapine and outrage on the unprotected settlement! in the vicinity of the Indian reservations. 