MI8QELLANY Culture and Cookery. " God sonda meat and tho dovil aonda cooka." Wo havo had it on tho authority of an anoiont ion vioant, suffering from tho indignation of anrfoit ; but tho modorn, aonaitivo 03 regards cnlinary nrfcfl. llftVrt mnrf ifinrl La a... I !a — , — . wuu QUIT, iiiiu ib now rune, " God fiends cooks and tho dovil sonde culture." As far ns I am awaro, tho maxim applios exclusively to tho wookcr box ; but this may bo accounted for by tbo fact that cooks and females aro synonymous terms iu tho popular mind. By an apparently normal process of ovolution oooking has boon converted from an attributo of tho dovil into that is a cook born not raado, whisks hor omcletto daintily, docs bar stonlc to a tarn— but cschows tho trco of knowlcdgo as a dangorous thing. This fast fallacy ia cherished, bo it observed, not only by tho opponents of femalooduci.Mon, but by its supporters ; on either sidb wo hoar it owned, sorrow fully or triumphantly, that of courso of higher education is tho worst possible curriculum for housowifoly taloufc in general and cooking in particular. But tho " bighor " enthusiasts tako rofngo in tho assertion that tho scorot of lifo lioa .» .uugviiauuu VI UUUIgy, UUU lrUB6 Oy throwing away tho brain power of a talented woman on honsohold duties that can bo discharged by a fool you wasta onergy wliilo tho " Iowor " advocates retort with a sneer that if a woman's brain energy is to bo expended in puffing boraolf up, frogwiso, at the oxponse of bor neighbours' comfort, sho had hotter ro- main a fool. It is usolcss to rafor tbo disputants to striking oxcoptions. If you remind thorn that loarnod women havo oro now knitted their own stockings, that womon of genius havo piqued thom- sclvos on household accomplishments, yon aro told that in tho present instance exceptions do not prove tbo rale ; that a woman of fair averago capacity, who devotes hor tirao and energy to mental solf-dovelopmcnt, has no tiino or onorgy left for moro matters ot routine ; and that tho solo point in dispute is whether her Mind (with a capital M) is to bp sacrificed to othor people's bodies. But, from tho cookory point of view, this is by no means tho sole point in disputo. Tbo real question at issue is, whether it bo possible to find a well- trained cook who is minus a well-trained Mind? If you nro going to relegato cookery to tbo fools and culture to the wise, are yon qnito euro that culture will got anything to thrivo on ? " Plain living and high thinking " sounds vory well in theory, but it usually reducos itself to hoavy living and painful think ing in practice ; and if you don't want to find " death in tho pot," it is desir- nblo to throw in a little culture with your spices and sail. Wo have heard a groat deal about tho dignity of labour, tho dignity of calturo, and a dozen otner moral elevations. Won t anyone b.e bold enough to stand up for tho dlgnity of cookory ? " Oh but," comes the protest, " it is suoli an easy thing, anybody can cook of courso ; just got a good receipt book, and yoar materials, and thoro you are 1" Precisely. And it is bccauBo I for ono object to being " thoro " that this paper was begun. Your receipp-book no moro mokes a cook than your Ollendorff makes a linguist. Go, Ollendorff in hand, to some ccentric region whore you hnvo no chauce of inquiring after your unclo's penknife, or tho egg laid bv your grand mother's Bister's hen, ana " whoro aro you " if thcro bo no brains to fall back upon ? In tho samo day start off with your Gouffd, your Froncatelli, or Booton, for somo bush kitohon slightly deficient m uaiiertc, sun moro so in materials, and what becomes of tho dinner if you aro not rich in ideas ? Depend upon it, the ort that was originally assigned to his satanio majesty, tho art which gives us tho only dearly dofiaod distinc tion between man and tho lower animals, is not a tiling to bo handed over to tho unlearned. Our great-grandmothers —I am aware that I ought to apologise. In those days of stoady advance towards perfection it is bad taste to hold up tho example of tho dear old ladies who in dulged in " vapours " and vinaigrettes when thoy wero short of household duties ; but nftor all vapour9 Were no worso than hysterics, and dipsomania, and tho other weaknesses that modern female life is heircsB to. Wol, theso grcot-grandmothors wore aa wo oil know, notable housewives, taking an innooent prido in those accomplishments which help to make home happy ; they flashed with triumph over their pasties, hud palpitations over their jams and jellies, grew their own plants for flavouring ossencos, piqued themselves on tho secrets of the atillroom, and would have been mightily astonished by the sugges tion that dinner cookiner w is unworthv of their mental capacities. Yet we have tolerably strong testimony that tho vinnigrctto dames wero not altogether unloarnod ; some of them could hold their own in classics with onr modem Spinsters of Arts ; others could tell you quito as much as you cftro to know abont conio sections ; tbey wero not incapablo of producing a poem or a novel ; and if they did not go in for anatomy and physiology, their know ledge of "simples," and- their caroful nursing were as efficacious, and at least as safo, .as tho remedies proscribed by average leech of thoir day. And it was all this wide-spread know ledge, thorough as far as it went, And taken in, not by cramming but by ^pro cess of assimilation, which they brought to boar on their little science. of cookery. A somewhat formidable scionco it was, according to our modern notions, and wo smile as wo tarn over tbo pages of somo old cookery book and note the quaint recipes, the marvellous mixtures, the endless ingredients, the intricate directions of thoso weary days when there was no mincing machines, or fruit corors and potato poolers, or any of tho other modorn labour-saving patents. But docs it over striko you that our latcuon macuinery una uono sometlung else for us besides saving our tiino, tho something that tho factory' is said to have done for tho weaver, the sewing machine for tbo sempstress ; that what we have gained in timo wo havo lost in individuality and perfection of detail ? Imagine a competitive housewifely ex amination, in which tbo ghost of oar great grandmothers should take part t With all ourlattor-day culturo wo should cnt a poor figuro besido thoso bustling dames with their big bunches of keys and thoir big ideas of comfort. But to bo sure our culturo has ideas of its own, and does not approve of sponding so much time, ingenuity, or material on tho digostivo organs. " They overloaded tbo Btomach dreadfully in those days," wo observo with our grandest air, "and drenched thomselvos with mediomcs to undo the evil ; most unscientific ?" So it was. But similarly unsciontifio pro ceedings aro not yet obsoloto, on ; letns say, suoh stato occasions as a public banquet, a birthday feast, or that annual institution of December 25, whoa tbo chomist's bill follows so hard on that of tho poulterer and grocer. And seeing that wo havo remained thus unwiso in certain prominont cases can wo pTato so very socurely of our common sonso in our everyday meals ? Ono fact at least is obvious to tbo meanest understanding ; that, despite our sanitary investigations, laws, and inspectors ; despite our dnb- blings in physiology, dospito tho dimi nution of a whole host of preventable aro none tho less subject to dyBpopsia to an extent which would horrify our port- bibing, green tea-drinking, pastry-eating forefathers. In tho matter of scicnco and creod wo can digest tough morsels which would havo given their simple souls a year's nightmare, but whon it comes to physical digestion thoso jolly livora would bavo laughed us all to scorn. In Australia, in particular, a land whoro wo havo ovory climatic advan tage and a minimum of the troubles and cares inseparable from oiviliscd lifo — in Australia, whoro food is plentiful and Onlv tbo faw sro nonmless. thn finnrl in. digestion is jetting his mark even on our lads and lasses, and tho pasty com plexions, dragged faces, woary expres sion wo meet so constantly are, in nioo cases out of ten, caused, neithor by sor row nor want, but by a lack of food assimilation ; in othor words, tho raco is being slowly starved, and unless scienco can invont somo digcslivo machinery, wo run a cheerful chanco of a coming generation of fasting men. I am quito awnro that a dozen oxcollont reasons account satisfactory for this unsatisfac tory stato of things ; wo bavo climato, luipovorisncu otoou, uau leotu, nna m country districts a deficiency of suitnbio | food, all of them excellent excuses for ' irregularities in our digestivo formula ; but there is a far moro valid reason which wo carefully stow out of sight, namely, our fashion of " tip-tilting" our noses at great grandmother's ways, and utterlyrofusing to copy hor in tho matter of trouble- talcing. Thin blood, decay ing teeth I Do yon think great grand- mothor would not very soon have settled both, flying to her " simples" and spices puckering up hor smnotli f >rol>oad wliilo she concocted marvellous messes into which blood purifiers and bone-formers wero cunningly introduced ; and as Tor unpromising materials, why if sho had tho true cook's enterprising spirit you might hnvo set her in the bush on tote-A-tdto with a piece of kangaroo leather, and the results would have made your mouth water. Butthen grant grandmamma did not cook by rule and rccipo ; somo essontinl oil of brains used to bo dropped into tliat inviting pot of hers, and her culinary experiments wore uu uurtuuuy iiiuuguu ouc us u luuy uau required the use of thoblow-pipoand tho laboratory. If you imagino that all tho palato ticklers of thoso days wore only sense less forms of self-indulgcnco, yon stand robuked by hard scientific fact ; it seems to us a gluttonous waste of timo and money this careful seasoning with " sugar and spico and all things nico," with candies and cinnamon, verjuice and saffron, juniper and ro60 ; but only last year brilliant scientists discovered the startling fact that in their laboratory armoury thoro is no mora deadly foo to tho devouring little, bacillus wo are all learning to dread than those same cccon- trie flavourings. Science, with its car bolic acid and other devices, can kill tho bacillus ot typhoid favor, for instance, in nine days ; that innoceni-jooking cinna mon you drop into tho children's pud ding will do tho same doadly work in about as many minutes | and considering tho cheering connection that at present exists between milk, children and typhoid, that soft brown cinnamon ought to bo formally introduced to every nursory pudding in tbo land. I am bound in justico to own that this novel information is not tho result of my own research : I lighted on it in a rcmark- ablo article by Madame Darmcsteter in tbo Fortnightly Jteoictv . Tho article deals with the workmen of Paris, 1890- 1890, and tends to show that ho of tho fourteenth century fared considerably better then his brother of to- day. But it proves moro than this. It uncon sciously rovenls to ns tbo faot that all our booRleil scienco, or popular lectures, our University degrees, onr investiga tions, onr theories, and oar sanitary im provements — all these havo not helped us to shoot ono bit ahead of unassuming great -grandmamma. Wo smattor learnedly of bacilli and microbicido ; but wo don't know how to wonder in our sweot horb garden and gather up tho microbicides yielded by the juniper, tlivmo. balm, and a wholo list of old- fashioned friends. And do you think all this wan tho result of mere haphazard or a dainty palate? Do yon suppose that thought and study, as well as instincts, wore not brought to bear on tho savoury dishes that dealt death to somo of man's most insidious foes ? Or shall we assert that the game was not worth tho candle, and that it is bottor to lot things go rather than drag down tho mind to a humilia ting study of such trifles ? In this last case there is, of course, nothing moro to bo said ; only let us bo consistent, and remonstrate with our men of soionco on thoir deplorable devotion to minutte. While they continno to wasto their day9 peering through a glass at microscopic assailants, while thoy persist in ruffling our peace with accounts of tho horrible unseen dangers that besotus in tho milk jug and soup tureen, in tho sugar basin and tho bread platter, so long will it bo impossible for us to fold our hamta over consciences and tako credit for not bestuwing timo and thought on the much- despiscd art of cookery. Ia it such a small matter, after all, this power to strengthon physique, to battle with disease, to avorb decay? Is tho woman who studies cbomistry for pharmaceutical purposes, or pnysioiogy, botany, anatomy, with a viow to modi- cine or sanitation — is sho rosily making a better uso of her acquirements than tbat othor woman wbo introduces bor knowladgo to her pots and pans, and taxes hor brains to build up bodies that shall prove euitablo material for othor brains to work with ? Is tho woman who, in some far bush station, studies hor unpromising kitohon materials with scientific accuracy, and evolves thorofrem tempting messes whioh nourish bono and musclo wliilo choating tho bush fiond, indigestion, of this proy, is that advanced eduction bad resulted in a poem, n musi cal composition a scientific essay, or a modical practice ? I am quito aware that a great deal is being done on both sides of tho world to solvo this cookery qacstion. South Kensington has a cele brated cnlinary department, tho pupils and teachers whoreof find their way acrosB seas and attempt to do good scrvico. Bat South Kcnsigton, liko many a modern school of training, aims too much at rulo and roto ; it also aims too high ; its excellent reoipes mako no allowanco for individuality of character or circumstanco ; iu short, it follows tho "cramming" fashion of tho hour. Crammed cooks will not help us in the day of reform ; what wo want is culturo with cookory. .And consider tho poetry that may steal uj.on as with the fragrant fumes of tbo pot ; tho harmonieB of tasto, tho symyhonicB of favour, tho sonates in snuce, tho nocturnes in cream, tbo fugues iu curry, mo iuii rr oguirmn tono eiiciica from discords, the idyh's, tho sonnets, the rondels you can compose as an artist in cookery — to say nothing, of stability in romance. For it is n fact, which ws< apt to over took, that Cupid is not oiy tho pos sessor of a suscoptiblo heart ; he also owns an irritable liver, and if wo don't want to shorten his day's wo mast nhow tho troublesome organ somo consideration. Shakespeare— who, it muBt bo allowed, had some Blight knowlodgo of human nature — is very strong on this poiut ; he even goes so far as to nsBert that tho nvcr is tno scat or our auecuons, wo aro apt to resent this view of the caso as prosaic, not to say unbibical ; but as a rulo whon in tho depths of a bilious attack fow of ns lovo our neighbours quito as much &b; oureolves, and it is only reasonable to supposo that ovon our dearest Edwin's enthusiasm for Angelina must wano if her housekeepingresults in chronic discomfort of what is discrootly termed tho lower croHt. Ituuiouce is like every tiling else, my poor Angelina- it needs nourishment ; and tho nourish ment that feeds the nerves and sweetens tho temper and make9 a man loathe tho idea of clab or "pub" is not each a bad way of heaping it alive. We want a nation of muscular, finely- tiorvcd, dclicately-ad justed, cnorgotic, quick- witted, and straight-thinking men and women ; and to sccuro this wo must have u nation of finely-nerved, delicately- adjusted, quick-witted, and straight- thinking cooks j not chef's, apt at taming nut expensive and possibly indigestible linnqnets, but men and womou who like Bnllat Snvarin' do not think tho Pbyaiolngy of Tupte boncnth their notice wbo will apply their knowledge and io t.-llig- nco to the utilisation of tho most unproinimng cooking ingredients in a young country which is still n land of pioncors ; cooks who will not ignore tho progressive scionce of tho day, who will not consider tho preven tion of disease or ttie formation of souod constitutions a menial occupa tion, who will not bo above stirring a littlo of life's poetry into that pot which is sometimes tho bushman's solo con necting link with eivilisntion. 