IS POETRY DYING i (MB. EDMUND GOSSE, in thc New Yorkfvrum.) Is poetry, in ita very essence, an archaic and rudimentary form of ex- pression, still galvanised into motion, indeed, by antiquarianism, but really obsolete, and therefore to be cultivated only at thc risk of affectation and insincerity ; or is it nu art capable of incessant renovation-a living organism which grows, on the whole, with the expansion of modern life? In other words, is the art of verse one which, like music or painting, delights and consoles us with a species of expression which can never bo superseded, because it is in danger of no direct rivalry from a similar species ; or was poetry merely the undeveloped, though in itself tho extremely beautiful, infancy of a typo which is il'JW adult, mid whicli lias relinquished its channing puerilities for a mode of expression infinitely wider and of more practical utility 1 Sculptera, singers, painters must always exist : but need we have poets nny longer, since the world has discovered how to say all it wants tu say in prose 1 Will anyone who lias anything of importance to communicate be likely in the future to express it through thc medium of metrical language Î Probably there would have been no need to face this question, either in this generation or for many generations to come, if it had not been for a single circumstance. The great enemies of the poets of the present are the poets of the past, and the antiquarian spirit of the nineteenth century has made the cessa- tion of the publication of fresh verse a possibility. The intellectual condition of our times differs from that of nil preceding ages in no other point so much as ia its attitude toward thc writings of the dead. In those periods of renovation which have refreshed the literatures of the world, the tendency has always been to study some one class of deceased writers with affection. The activity of thc dead is now paramount and threatens to paralyse original writing altogether. Every poetic writer of any age precedent to our own has now a chance of popularity, often a very much better chance than he possessed during his own lifetime. In this great throng of resuscitated souls, all of whom have forfeited their copyright, how is the modern poet to exist Î He has no longer to compete-as great " his fore- fathers did, from Homer down to Ben " -with the leading spirits of his own generation, but with the picked genius of the world. At every turn the throng- ing company of the ghosts impedes and disheartens the modern writer, and it is no wonder if the new Orpheus throws down his lyre in despair when the road to his desire is held by such an invin- cible army of spectres. On the whole, however, it is highly unlikely that thc antiquarian passion of our age will last. Already it gives signs of wearing out, and it will pro- bably be succeeded by a spirit of unreasonable intolerance of the past. Intellectual invention will not allow itself to be pinioned for ever by these soft and universal cords of tradition, each as slight ns gossamer in itself, but overwhelming in the immense moss. As for tho old poets, young verse-writers may note witli glee that they are being caught in the butterfly net of education, where they will soon Und the attractive features rubbed off their wings. One by one they pass into text- books and are lost. Chaucicr is done for, and so is Milton ; Goldsmith is annotated, Scott is prepared for "local examina- tions," and even Byron, the loose, the ungrammatical, is edited ns a school book. Thc noble army of extension lecturers will scarcely pause in their onward march. We shall see Words- worth captured, Shelley boiled down for the use of babes, and Keats elaborately annotated, with his blunders in classical mythology exposed. Thc schoolmaster is thc only friend the poet of thc future dares to look to, for he alone has the power to destroy the loveliness and mystery which arc the charm of the old poets. Even a second-rate verse-writer may hope to live by the side of an Elizabethan poet edited for the Clarenden Press. It is usually said, in hasty generalisa- tion, that the poetry of the present agc is unique in the extreme refinement of its exterior mechanism. Those who say this are not aware that the great poets whose virile simplicity and robust care- lessness of detail they applaud have, almost without exception, been scrupu- lously attentive to form. But what is true is that a care for form and a considerable skill in thc technical art of verse have been acquired by writers of a lower order, and that this sort of perfection is no longer the hall-mark of a great master. We may expect it, therefore, to attract less attention in the future ; and although, assuredly, the bastard jargon of Walt Whitman, and kindred returns to sheer barbarism, will not be accepted, technical perfection .will more and more be taken ns a matter of course, ns a portion of the poet's training which shall be as indispensable and ns little worthy of notice as that a musician should read his notes correctly. Less effort, therefore, is likely to be made, in the immediate future, to give pleasure by the manner of poetry, and more skill will be expended on the subject-matter. Poetry, if it exist at all, will deal, and probably to a greater degree than ever before, with those more frail mid ephemeral shades of emotion which prose scarcely ventures to describe. The existence of a deli- cately organised human being is diversi- fied by divisions and revulsions of sensa- tion, ill-defined desires, gleams of in- j tuition, and the whole gamut of J spirituul notes descending from exulta-1 tion to despair, none of which have ever been ndequately treated except in the hieratic language of poetry. The most realistic novel, the closest psychological analysis in prose, does no more than skim the surface of the soul ; verse has tho privilege of descending into its depth. In the future, lyrical poetry will pro- bably grow less trivial and less conven- tional, at the risk of being less popular. It will interpret what prose dares not suggest. It will penetrate further into the complexity of human sensation, and, untroubled by the necessity of formu- lating a creed, a theory, or a story will describe with delicate accuracy, and under a veil of artistic beauty, the amazing, the unfamiliar, and even the portentous phenomena which it en- counters. The social revolution or evolution which most sensible people are now con- vinced is imminent will surely require a species of poetry to accompany its course and to celebrate its triumphs. If we could forsee what form this species will take we should know all things. But we must believe that it will be democratic, and that to a degree at present unimaginable. The aristo- cratic tradition is still paramount in all art. Kings, princesses, and the symbols of chivalry are as essential to poetry, os we now conceive it, ns roses, stars, or nightingales. Thc poet may be a pronounced Socialist; he may be Slr. William Morris ; but the oligarchic imagery pervades his work ns completely us if he were a troubadour of thc thir- teenth century. It is difficult to under- stand what will be left if this romantic phraeseology is destroyed, but it is still more difficult to believe that it can sur- vive a complete social revolution. A kind of poetry now scarcely cultivated at all may be expected to occupy the attention of the poets whether Socialism hastens or delays. What the Germans understand by epic verse-that is to say, short and highly iinished studies in narrative-is a class of literature which offers unlimited opportunities. What may be done in this direction is indi- cated in France by the work of M. Coppce. In England and America we have at present nothing at all like it, the idyllic stories of Mr. Coventry Pat more presenting thc closest parallel. The modern interest in the drama, and the ever-growing desire to see literature once more wedded to the stage, will, it can hardly be doubted, lead to a revival of dramatic poetry. In re- ligious verse something, and in philoso- phical verse much remains to be done. Tile wider hope has scarcely found a singer yet, and the deeper speculation has been very imperfectly and empiri- cally celebrated by our poets. Whether love, the very central fountain of poetic inspiration in the past, can yield many f resli variations remains to be seen. 