Southward Ho! Tasmania Re-visited: To the everyday dweller in Hobart, the changes that have taken place are but little noticed ; but to the casual visitor it is self-evident that not only Hobart, but the whole of Tasmania, is on the qui vive. A score of years ago the old i Ship Inn ' was a sacred relic ; to-day it is represented by certainly an inn, but on a portion of its former site are erected a stately bank, and an open stock exchange. Truly all things change, and it was a noble sight to see the Orient steamer ' Orizaba ' gently gliding on its course to Dunne's wharf. By-the* bye,.no such steamer has ever steamed up . I ' the Derwent he fore. Herl mission was to take in 10,000 pases ¡ of j fruit for home transit; und . great must have been the excitement of the agents as she moored to her berth, drawing twenty-five feet of water. Alas! the glory pf Ichabod has departed, and no longer are the streets of Hobart lively with bluejackets and marines,, for,., the 'Orlando' and other men-of- war, having tasted of. ' the land flowing with milk and honey,' have taken their departure for sunnier climes. Of things ecclesiastical it may be mentioned that the Be v. Charles Clark, some two Sundays ago (March 1), preached in the Memorial Congregational Church on behalf of Dr. Barnardo's house ; and it is a matter of question whether, at any Other time, the building was more inconveniently crowded. Of sitting room there was none, and of standing but little, and that little, to use a .miner's phrase, was so eagerly, jumped that it was with difficulty the collectors could make their way through the dense1 crowd of worshippers. When one has1 heard( Canon Liddon preaching to thousands in Westminster Abbey, or has listened to the noble discourses pf Cannon Farrar, but little, seems to be left for one to experience; but this may be said pf the1 Kev. Charles Clark : that possibly no greater burst of eloquence ever poured from his lips than on this memorable Sunday ; and as he finished a most able discourse, had it been on a week day, and in any other building than a sacred edifice, the assembled multitude; would doubtless have risen in one mass and have made the vaulted roof echo with such resonant sounds as have oft been heard when the 'Dalley' of old used to give forth one of his famous perorations. An 'Aspinall,' or .even a ' Butler,' would have been proud to have been there and to have listened. . ; . ; , ; The following night,in the Town Hall, the ¡ same; famous elocutionist, in the ; presence ; , of the Governor. and Lady Hamilton and . suite,;: gaye / Dickens' famous ' Christmas ; Carol.' The hall was densely packed, every available seat being taken. 'Twas his masterpiece, and too well, to those familiar, one could,. easily depict the, sordid, and: miserable nature of old Scrooge. One could almost fancy; the clanking chains pf old . Marley's ; ghost were heard in reality, ; BO ; faithfully ,did; the lecturer recite; with vivid ? effect j and as the ghosts of Christmas , past,, present, and future--made their way in due season, thp sympathies of the ?a$»t audience were in harmony with the Rev. Charles Clark", and applause after applause followed rapidly, as the lecturer made the stern nature of old Scrooge melt away and give place to such a generous mood that hot only did he hand in a cheque for a considerable amount for the benefit of the poor, but one could almost fancy Tiny Tim enjoying the merits bf that monstrous turkey, and seeing Bob, instead of being dismissed, having his salary raised. Madame Cora, the mesmerist; has also held her court of worshippers, and night after night have eager crowds of admirers The Australian Mutual Provident Society's Building, Hobart. thronged to the theatre to aee this lady's subjects so thoroughly mesmerised as to smoke candles for cigars, to nurse sucking pigs for babies, to drink train oil for beer, to row a race with broomsticks for oars, land the dusty stage floor for a boat, to be willing to have needles and cotton drawn through * their hands, to whistle . and to . laugh like the inmates pt: a Bedlam ; and* in ; short, to do all those things that usually ? appertain to lunatics. ;The weather of late has been somewhat uncertain ; till the middle of February there was little or np summer, but now as the ' Ides of March ' are well in, so, too, has the Weather changed from bleak and boisterous to calm and; balmy, and tourists are; at last begin- ning to experience the cool and pleasant trial of , a Hobart summer. The streets . are gay with coaches and four-in- hands, and well are they patronised by those who either, make, the. trip to. Brown's River, or to the Fem Tree iBower, or to the Huon, or to the thousand and one places that are ready to be gazed upon by the usual eager sight-seer. It is now nearly twenty years ago that the late Captain Clynch brought over to Sydney, in the ' City of Hobart,' the first specimens from the Mount Bischoff tin mine. Many a poor man, at that time, is now an independent millionaire, and the same scene will probably be enacted again ; for the Teehan Dundas fields are more than likely to become a second Bendigo, or a gigantic Ballarat. At present, things are a bit mixed, but as soon as the lodes are fully developed, and machinery' erected; so surely will the importance of the fièld be determined. Till ¡then, Mount Feehan must be a sealed bolok to the poor man. One part of Collins-street, viz;, that in proximity to the Bank of1 Van. Dietnen's Land, fairly bristles with brokers. As in other large centres,' so in Hobart, there are two exchanges; one, the regular .stock exchange ; the other, the open mart, where buying and selling are usually carried on at night. It may be remarked that there are always sellers just as well as there are also buyers at a ¡mee. The codlin moth, too, is now above par, and New Zealand has notified that all fruit shipped from Tasmania will be carefully , inspected before it is allowed tobe landed. : With reference to this ' codlin moth,' rather ; a. curious thing happened the other day. The chairman of the Board of Inspectors was. summoned for having infected fruit in his orchard, but, as the case progressed, it appeared to be more like a dig in the ribi than anything else. One of the .newest and most perfectly appointed buildings . lately completed ir Hobart is that of the Temperance Hall, It will hold 1000 persons comfortably and in appointments nothing has been lef i undone to make it one : of the best of its kind. Retiring rooms for both ladies and gentlemen are to be met with at thc entrance, and the committee room is no! only most comfortable, but is decidedly elegant. A large balcony surrounds the inside, and a splendid vice-regal box ig situate opposite the stage. The building is the property of-the Tasmanian Temper- ance Alliance, and was completed and opened in May of last year. Up stairs in another part of the building is a large room handsomely fitted up, and no less than eight orders of Rechabites, Foresters, etc., hold their meetings in it. Mr. Newman Arnold, of this city, most gene- rously gave, as a gift, all the ware, trestles, tables, etc., necessary for the complete equipment for tea meetings, etc. The Temperance Hall, which cost some thou- sands, is, undoubtedly, a splendidly fitted up building, and reflects great credit on its architect. The Australian Mutual Provident So- ciety's Buildings, Hobart, which we illus- trate in this issue, are situated at the south-east corner of the intersection of Elizabeth and Collins-streets, forming a very imposing block, and occupying one of the best business sites in the city, with frontages to the two streets. The elevation, which is designed in the transitional Gothic style, is faced entirely of stone ; that below the ground floor being from a local quarry of a dark brown colour and fine quality, and the superstructure of white stone from Tea Tree and Spring Bay. Polished grey granite, however, is introduced in the shape of the columns of thc ground floor openings, and a group of carved figures, representing the arms of the society, surmounts the parapet over the main entrance at the corner. The greater part of the ground floor is occupied by the business of the society. The public office, which is internally finished in a corres- ponding style to the exterior, and hand- somely fitted with polished cedar, is approached by the main entrance through a lobby ; the manager's rooms, accountants' and clerks' offices, stationery and strong rooms being all accessible therefrom. The upper floors are arranged in com- modious suites of offices, having separate approaches from Elizabeth-street, and are occupied by leading firms of solicitors and others. This great Australian institution was established in Sydney in the year 1849, for the purpose of affording to all who choose to take advantage of them the means of Messrs. Anson Bros'. Premisas at Hobart. guarding against the contingencies of human life. Its progress at the outset was gradual, but year by year it continued to gain in importance and prosperity, until at the present time, although its business operations are restricted to the Australasian colonies, it stands as the largest life assur- ance institution in the British Empire. It has nearly doubled its business every quin- quennium, and has now in force upon its books 100,000 policies, assuring with bonus additions £40,000,000. The total yearly revenue is over £1,750,000, and the accumulated funds amount to £9,500,000. Since its inauguration, the society has paid in claims over £4,000,000 sterling, and has distributed amongst its members cash profits exceeding £4,000,000. Stability and economy are characteristics of the institution. Its valuations are conducted in accordance with the requirements of the most stringent principles known to actuarial science, and special reserves of large amounts have been made for various contingencies. The extremely low ratio of the expenses of management, the high rate of interest realised upon the invested funds, and the favourable rate of mortality experienced have combined in producing bonuses which are not surpassed by those of any other life assurance office in the world. The degree of popularity which this society enjoys, and the remarkable hold which it has acquired on the colonial public, will be understood when it is stated that the amount of new business transacted during the last ten years, largely exceeds that obtained during the same period by any other life assurance office in the British dominions. The Australian Mutual Provident Society has branches in each of the Australasian colonies, and its district officers and local agencies are to be found in all the most important centres of population. The Tasmanian branch was opened in 1877, and since that date the society has rapidly increased its business in the island colony. At the end of 1877 its business in force was 1239 policies, assuring £539,745 ; while at the end of 1889 the totals were 5358 policies, assuring £1,695,304. The local board of directors of the Tasmanian branch are the Hon. P. O. Fysh, M.P., chairman; the Hon. W. Crosby, M.P., deputy chairman ; Neil Lewis, Esq., and The Bank of Van Diemen's Land Premises at Hobart, E. O. Giblin, Esq., M.D. The chief medical officer of the branch is R. S. Bright, Esq., M.R.C.S.E.; Mr. F. J. Jacobs, A.I.A., fills the position of resident secretary. The imposing edifice of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land, situ- ated at the corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets, is one that readily meets the eye of the casual passer- by. It has been built on a portion of the site of the old Ship Inn, one of the late historical features of Hobart. The inside appointments of the bank are in harmony with its exterior; every art of the painter having been called into requisition, and picked out in subdued and soft transparent colours, as the columns and pillars are, it needs but little im- agination on the part of the spectator to fancy oneself rather to be in an ecclesias- tical building, than in the usually rusty archives of a counting house. 'The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table' is the title of a well- known work. So in Hobart there is an autocratic coffee palace, and gay young sparks and giddy old sparks, too have now to mind their p's and q's; for the edict has gone forth - aye, signed and counter- signed - that no visi- tor shall venture within its sacred por- tals after the bewitch- ing hour of midnight. No more revelries; no more orgies; no more last drinks. But the notice does not say that it is prohibitory to come home with the milk in the morning, so that visitors have still the pleasing consideration that they can prolong the agony if they like by cooling their heels on the sidewalk, until the pleasing sound of 'Milk O' is heard in the early morning hours. Messrs. Anson Brothers, photographic artists, of Hobart, Tasmania, are now making a special effort to obtain a comprehensive collection of the more beautiful scenic views of the 'tight little island.' This will comprise, notably, illustrations of the picturesque lake districts, including Lakes Crescent, Sorell, St. Clair, Petrarch, and around Elden, etc. Strange though it may seem, Tasmania has been, up to the present, comparatively an unknown field alike to artist and painter, and few, if any, of its beauty spots have been limned on paper. We understand that Messrs. Anson Brothers are prepared to supply orders by post for these, or, indeed, any other views of picturesque Tasmania. At the Paris (1889-90) Exposi- tion, Messrs. Anson Brothers carried off the highest honours for Australia, and they have been veteran prize-winners at all Australian shows. We give an illustration of Messrs. Anson Bros'. premises. The Premises of Messrs. Fysh and Co., Hobart. Rowing matters in Tasmania are looking up, and the keen rivalry so much exhibited in the sister colonies between the eight-oar crews has induced the Derwent and Tamar Clubs to come to a mutual understanding. On Easter Saturday next a northern crew will contest with eight picked men from the south on the Derwent. The course will be from Risdon to the rowing sheds, and already arrangements are being made to provide steamers for carrying spectators wishing to view the first eight-oar Tasmanian contest. On Wednesday evening, March 4, a grand evening concert was given in the Temperance Hall, in the presence of Lady Hamilton and party from Government House and a most appreciative audience, by Messrs. Hubert Arnold and J. Maughan Barnett, assisted by Madame Vandeveer- Green and Mr. Mackenzie. The Ladies' Choral Society, who were accompanied by Mr. Malcolm Johnston, ably assisted the performers, and in rendering the 'Nursery Rhymes,' were so vigorously applauded that a reappearance on the stage was rendered necessary. Mr. M. Mackenzie, who was in excellent voice, received an encore for his song, 'The Bugler,' and in his second, 'The Song of Hybrias,' so captivated his audience that nothing but another, viz., 'The Wolf,' would satisfy them. Mr. J. Maughan Barnett was so happy in giving his piano solos, more especially in the 'Erl King' (Schubert) by Liszt, that the audience would not remain contented, and on each occasion that he made his exit, he was compelled to re-enter and give his listeners further delight. Mr. Hubert Arnold, on the violin, fairly enchanted everyone, and after bringing the house down by storm in playing the solo 'Moto Perpetuo,' chose for his repeat an 'Adagio Vieux Temps.' The gem of the evening was naturally the singing of Madame Vandeveer- Green, who came especially from Syd- ney to be present at the entertainment. Her first song was given in such charm- ing and piquante style that bursts of applause induced her to give as an encore 'Blue Eyes;' and after singing 'The Three Fishers,' the audience were so delighted that, even after satis- fying them with an encore 'Within a Mile of Edinboro' Town,' nothing but a further song was deemed sufficient, and in a happy choice of selec- tion she gave 'Robin Adair' in so pleasing a manner that every- one must have enjoyed this musical melange as a special treat. The attendance was large, fully 700 being present. In military circles, Captain Parker, lately arrived from England, has now been duly installed in office. This officer is now commanding the Per- manent Artillery, and has charge of the batteries and Torpedo Corps. Our illustrations are from photographs by Messrs. Anson Brothers, Hobart. Reason is the test of ridicule, not ridicule the test of reason. Warburton. 