CHAPTER II. MATJBICE IISCOSIBE'S DELIKItJM. The words which had been uttered the previous evening by Maurice Liscovnbe still rang in Sybil's ears throughout tiie whole of the next* live-long day, as though a hot iron had been seared across his brain. Usually joyous when em ployed in liis day's work, singing and light-hearted as the veriest school-boy re leased from his studies, he was on the morning after this night of mental tcr ture sad and absent in manner. 1 The day was an unusually busy one. The truck loads of cane stacked hipii in ■ air came pourin" in to feed the rollers, which ground av,-;iy with a crackling I noise, slowly bub surely extracting every particle of juice from the long, sweet sticks. The line of drays crawling at funeral pace, driven by Kanakas, pulled up, each in turn, to receive a load of . " megass," thence, to be carted away and j spread out in the sun, where, as children i in other countries might play in the hay fields, so would the little black savages— the offspring of Kanaka women—delight in rolling aud tossing it in each other s faces. In the far distance glimmered and shone with almost supernatural brilliancy the mighty mountains, on which could be traced tumbling water-falls,sparkling and dancing like millions of crystals under the vigorous sunrays. The scene was all color, life and move ment. Sybil of an evening would delight to join in a friendly game of cards with the overseers, where his cheery manner and good-natured banter would always find a ready welcome. After the day'2 work succeeding that of his midnight interview with Liscombe, he was in 110 ready frame of mind for the light-hearted throng ■which was awaiting his coming -at the barracks. He 1 merely stopped as he rode homewards for ' a short half hour to tell them that lio [ would not put in an appearance that evening. ! " Why, what's up, old boy, with you V queried Fred Roycroft, a bright, good looking young fellow, employed on the place as storekeeper. "Yes," added Alex Sugden, "you look as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up a half-penny." " She's thrown him over," said. Arthur Richards in a playful tone. At any other time Sybil would have had quick repartee at liis command to parry these thrusts with, hut this even ing he was rbslra'/t, aud found but little to amuse him. The suci'-ty of his fellow-creatures for ouce proved irk some. Have we not all felt so at times? When some cloud lowers over the sun shine of our path, would we not wish to be away, far awav and alone to think it over and try if possible of finding some way out of our trouble ? Well, lure we are, boys,"'said Roy croft, placing glasses on the table with a whisky bottle beside them. " Let us chase away dull care aud make our old ; friend smile again. Never shall I forget ! him shouting1 to me the evening that I alligator was behind me in the riv/.-r. If ever a man swara for liis life I did on that occasion." *'By George, yes!" said Sugden, "you had a narrow squeak that time, and can thank Prescott for being alive now." Sybil, who was leaning over the table flicking the dust from his boots, poo poohed the idea as was his wont when any special act of his doing was brought for ward. "Nonsense, hoys," he answered; "it was all due to Roycroft's swimming. Cer tainly, I drew his attention to the alli gator, and can truly say he cut to land like a torpedo boat." " Gi'e me some whisky, and hang the cursed crocodiles," bawled Richards, holding his glass at arm's length, " I'll take good care they don't get mc for a meal." Talk flowed ou in this fashion, waxing louder as the gloasses were drained, when one of them suddenly exclaimed : *'Who the devil cau this bu galloping Jor his life V at the same time looking in the direction from whence the sound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing on the still calm air of sunset. " Well, Jim, what's wrong with you ?" shouted Roycroft, as Singleton pulled h)3 mare up in front of the house a few seconds later. "Matter? Nothing much with mc. The boss thoughts corns to grief.. On the road home he gob slang i>ff, and sprained an ankle. He's as tight as tksy make'em. He told me to ride like blazes for a bandage, and I'm here accord ingly." The quartette listened hi silence to Smgloton'« account o£ iho accident, though it could hardly be said that any one of them showed the slightest sign of pity for Maurice Liscombe. " Curse him!" was all Richards mut tered whilst pacing the verandah. " Now look sharp with the bandages J" said Singleton, giving his horse a dig arid riding onwards to the store. Soon all the necessary articles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Single ton to the house where Sybil resided with Maurice Liscombe, a distance of less than half a mile from the barracks. As they rode along the river bank, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between their respective animals, which is the delight of all young colonists when they can get an opportunity of showing what mettle their steeds are made of- On entering the house they found the manager of Rappoe stretched at length on the sofa, with wild eyes staring into space, and now and then si. effort to articulate something which was perfectly unintelligible to them. "A knife at once," said Roycroft to Singleton, who set himself up as an authority whenever anything in the doctoring liae cropped up. " I must cut that boot off, first thing." So, suiting the action to the word, he ripped the seams to pieces, which at once caused relief. Liscombe, then sinking back, was soon wrapped in heavy sleep. To give Roycroft his due, although far from having any great knowledge or skill as a surgeon, he was what might have been termed a handy man when occasion demanded. He could bind or stitch wounds, could prepare and put on a poultice with all the skill of a profes sional nurse, and, on more than one oc casion had been known to extract teeth, though how much unnecessary pain he had inflicted he was not prepared to say. " Seems a nasty wrench, and likely to lay him up for a time." said Roycroft, as lie bathed the ankle with ammonia and water. The two were standing on either side of the manager, who lay as one inanimate, save for the labored breathing and con vulsive twitching of iiis lips, cailsed by heavy drinking. " That beast can ne7er go to the town ship without coming back tight. Some night he'll get his neck broke, and it won't be much loss either. I know one man on the place as wouldn't mind seeing him toes up." These remarks were uttered by Single ton, who was expressive in. his phrase ology, if not having due regard for Queen's English. '•Who's that?" queried Roy ?r oft, wind ing yards upon yards of soft linen round the swollen anlcle. " Now, then, can't you gue;;s, instead cf tiyingto play the goat S You know jolly well the man I wear..' Roycroft often assumed this kind or ? feiajned ignorance on li^rtain subjects, | being what one might .lave tenasd rather ; a safe customer, as regards not saying too much. " Well, if you waut to know, Prescott's the man I'm referring to. Lord ! to hear him cursing the boss this morning was enough to have frightened the devil him self. There must ha' been some jolly row on last night, for I never in all my bom days " I Before Singleton had finished, Maurice i j Lisconibe opened his eyes, though what i I was taking place he seemed scarcely to be I [ aware of. His eyes rolled wildy from one j t'.t the other. His arms were thrown over his head, clutching at the cushions upon I which ho lay. For a moment ail was' silent. In another instant a low, chuck- j ling demoniacial laugh broke from Lis-, combe himself: I " Escape me, can he? Never 1" ! The tone of his voice was unnatural j and unlike that cv«n* heard before bj-1 those watching beside him. j It was clearly discernible that he was j wandering in his mind from the dis jointed nature of his remarks : i " As true as my name's Liscombe— saw | whole affair plain as—call it murder of j course I do—that fellow Prescott—moon j shining full—sea calm—1'il have money Having relieved himself of so much, he j shut his eyes once more and slumbered. ] " Wbaton earth is the old Fool driving) at?" cxclaimed Singleton. "Prescott; mixed up with full moons and murder. It strikes me the moon's had a go at him by bis talk. Perhaps Prescottll be able to tell us all about it." " Take my advice," said Rovcroft, "and keep what you've heard to yourself. It might cause trouble." "Perhaps your right,'' said Singleton, " though I've always heard say that when a man's suffering from delirium its not right to attach too much importance to what he says. Now taking my own case, for example, when I was laid up with rheumatic fever, I took all sorts of | odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, i who's the best woman on earth, came in for a share of cursing occasionally. It strikes me, however, in this cass that there's something amiss between the boss and Prescott. I've noticed 'em for some [ time back not hitting it off quite pro-1 per." ! " Yes," said lloycroft, " that has been pretty evident to all cf us, and no wonder either. A better chap never trod this earth than Prescott. I've never known1 him guilty of a mean action yet. A gentleman in every sense of the teitn, which is more than can be said of pointing to the manager. t! Why, the j way Prescott is spoken to sometimes, it's: u wonder to me that he hasn't broken every bone in his body before this." 1 "Good Lord ! do you think for a mo- [ ment that Prescott would take such a] mean advantage aa to strike this flabby j thing here," said Singleton, throwing a look of contempt on the sleeping form. " No, lie's not built that way. Give him a man of his own size and weight, and then there would be something to talk about. I'll back Prescott any day for a I fiver.;' Tiie evening was now wearing on. Without all was still and peaceful, save | for the the cry of birds which piped ! merrily all through the night, as some are wont to do in this hot land. Or again might be heard the piteous wail of wild dogs, serenading the bright moon in some i deep recess of the thick jungle, a whine so piteous aud uncanny as to make those who hear it for the first time imagine it from the regions where torments may i exist. What nights are these of the tropics, where the deep vault of Heaven is studded with countless millions of bright worlds 'J Do they not speak to us of ; something thai we may hope for in that | unveiled future whither all, we believe, | are trending ; something of peace, some j thing of rest and repose from all the busy toil and vexation of spirit, which is the j general lot of mankind on earth ? Yes, | saeh are the dreamy, calm, ethereal j nights of these lands where Great Sol in [ running his daily course beats down upon < the earth so fiercely. i Beside such nights as these, what com [ parison can be drawn with those of tein j perate latitudes where the stars shine but [feebly, where fogs drift up from cold morasses, and where the sun looks sick so often through banks of dull-hued clouds ? One is all life, color and gaiety ; ■ the other sombre, dull and sad. The birds in their rich plumage darting across the jungle path, the lizards timidly gaz ing from their bower of fern and rich, moist grasses, the troops of dazzling butterflies, the emerald colored snakes gliding noiselessly through the under growth, all seem to be endowed with greater vitality iu lands where spices grow, and, alas1, where Europeans sicken and die. Over all this wealth of color, this abundance of [Nature's greatest gifts, when but to be able to be proof against malarial fever, would mean only to live in order to enjoy, comes the warning note of death. The ride, perhaps when the sun has set, floundering girth deep on your trusted steed through stagnant water, are then exhaled from its noxious depths where infusorial life is teeming the dreacied malarial gases. This sickness, deadly in its purpose, strikes down strong and weak. Men who have endured the hardships of campaign, men who have travelled many weary leagues in the saddle without food for days would gladly experience them all again rather than fight the common enemy of the tropics, which racks them both in mind aud body as nothing else can. Lying for weeks together, with every bone, as it were, being hammered by mallits, by sprays of ice-cold water coursing down the spine, as soon to be followed by scorching irons, as it were, tearing the flesh asunder, are some of the feelings of this tropical fever. Sybil had as yet escaped all sickness, as most do whose rich English blood is not made thin until a summer or two has passed. With his fine physique and well trained muscles he could defy almost any thing in the shape of bodily ailments, ana would laugh when any one complained of headaches, so much the rule with all about him. ^ "Well," said Singleton, breaking a' somewhat prolonged silence, "do you think you'll want me any longer, 'cos, if j you don't. I think I'll be getting back to: the missis." I Singleton was a married man, and al ways spoke of his better half as the missis- A kinder husband never breathed than this somewhat rough-and-ready stockman, who took a pride in seeing everything around his small home as neat and natty as hands could make ifc. Its well-kept garden, in which he would work after the day had finished. The snug little parlor, with its suite of fresh, bri^t-coiored -aad-fa?©? ite-ieefcs and photographs. Its tall and cool- look ing ferns, shading the verandah, the pride and joy of his wife. These all told of kind and loving hands which, in others, might have been left to languish and decay. " Only one tiling more, Singleton,*' said Roycroft, " When you're passing the barracks, see if Piescott is there, and if so, tell him to come as soon as he can. I want to arrange about tlie boss. He must have some one by liim all night. In one of his moments of frenzy he might become troublesome." 1 "Right, old boy. There's my littie beauty outside pulling on lier bridle as if she saw a thousand ghosts, so I'll be off i at once. Good-night! and keep the old 1 bestgar quiet." I In another second he had swung lightly into the saddle and was cantering through the moonlight with many a leap from the y.->ung mare, who seemed to have an idea that shadows of trees and stumps were treacherous water-jumps. Roycroft and the manager were alone-. The room they were in was long and airy, and, as the sea-breeze came ill gentle gusts, it made music in the glass chande lier above. I-\ tVe garden, flying-foxes amidst the cucoa nut and bananna trees played hide-and-seek; the crickets chirped and bats flew in and out, attracted by the light. All creatures of night-time were hold ing high festival. Presently a deep groan came from Maurice tiscombe, which startled Roy croft somewhat, who was enjoying a cigarette in an arm-chair. ! i hi another instant, he had risen in a sitting posture, but seemed to take no heed of Roycroft's presence. His eyes had a fixed bleary l</ok, and wore an ex pression of pain as he drew from his pocket a sealed letter and as quickly | thrust it back again, fearing lest any one , should see it. That he was suffering from delirium was evident. " Poor Dugdale ! Poor Dugdale !" he kept repenting to himself. " Never 1 imnd ; you'll be avenged for it. Pres cott'll have a hard case to prove, a hard j ease to prove—d n him !** j Roycroft listened with eome interest, wondering what on earth this charge levelled against Prescott could mean. In the distance came the noise of clat tering iioofs, which Roycroft guessed to be Sybil riding homewards. Soon the young Englishman pulled up and dismounted. When he entered the room he stood for an instant gazing at the bloated features and swollen ankle of the manager, then taking his seat close to Roycroft, they talked for a time in low voices. " Is he wandering V Has he been say ing anything queried Sybil, who was apparently anxicus to know something about the patient. " Yes, he is saying a lot more than he ought to." "Anything about me? Is he uncon scious?" " Very much so, and for that reason I attach no importance to his words." "But what has he been saying¥' Sybil inquired, auxiously. * Better not be too curious; it mightn't please you.5' "Come, now, Roycroft; there can be nothing between us. Take me into your confidence ; I promise you it'll go no fur ther." " For your own sake, I trust not; it's a very ugly report, old boy." At these words Sybil rose to his feet, fearing what he guessed when he had heard thai- Liscombe was delirious. Ad- ] vancing slowly towards Roycroft he took j him gently by the shoulder, gazing fear- j lessly into his eyes. " Does he—does he "—here he fal tered a little—" mention the name of Dugdale, accusing me of—of—" He sank into a chair, the viords refus ing to come. ■Roycroft stood over him, wondering what it all meant. 