Scissors and Paste. And there, io the privacy of his sanctum the Colonel sat, and edited his paper with th« predatory shears and . the dishonest paste pot.« Max Adeler. Queen Victoria bas 84 grandchildren. Pineapples are being sold for a penny each in Melbourne. The Melbourne *' Age" says there arc 1000 men out of work in Melbourne. The question of the hour-" Is glanders in horses infectious ?" Most competent authorities say not. In the 15th century, and up to a century ago, women were paid equal to the men. Now it is the very opposite. In the 15th century, and and up to the 17th, employers gave their workers seven days' pay for six days' work. Egeson, 18 months ago, predicted the visitation of the influenza epidemic. He's better on influenza than on droughts. In some foreign cities there are men hired to attract a crowd to their employers' win dows by staring and gazing into them. In Ceylon labour is very cheap. The coolies get about $1 a month, and 12| cents a day is considered heavy wages. The number of Chinamen employed in washing in Denver, Colorado, is placed at 800\. Each Mongolian works from ten to 16 hours per day. " Grafton Grip" has an egg laid by a game hen belonging to a townsman. It measured 8 inches by 7|lns. in girth, and weighed 4¿ ounces. Ploughmen are working in Wide Bay district (Q) for 18s a week, and find them selves. They are likely to find themselves -starving before long. Mr. H. C. White, of Havilah, bas signi fied his intention of paying the shearers next season 25s per hundred, oran increase of ös on the present rate. Forty-seven gravediggers have been kept busy at Rookwood during last month, the burials being about 35 each day. The average usually is 1400 a month. Judge Innes said the other day, " Judges don't always know the law, as witness the number of different opinions given.' ' Moral -keep lawyers out of the House. A rebellion is in full swing in China. The whole world appears to be in a condi tion of unrest-and even at Kurrajong, strained relations exist between some of the people. Goulburn Borough Council will take a plebiscite of the ratepayers, on the basis of one-man-one-vote, as to whether Com pany's gasworks shall be purchased for £20,000. Chief medical-officer in N.S.W. Military ostensibly gets £472 a year, but when the "perks" Are added, salary totals the decent sum of £957 14s, with 80s a day when travelling. Bell and Davis, the Sydney swindlers, are supposed to have made Japan in the Schooner Beagle. They have 50,000 sovereigns, belonging to Sydney depositors, with them. Preaching at Christ Church, South Yarra, last Sunday, Rev Horace Tucker cited casés in the colony where no clergyman had been seen for so long that the children thought the first one they saw was a ghost. What has Victoria's son and heir done with the millions placed at his disposal ? During the forty-nine years of his life he has drawn £400,000 form the public treasury and is supposed to be in debt to the extent of £100,000. When the Hungarian government took the operation of the railroads in hand it re reduced rates 82 per cent. By the purchase of commutation tickets a 00 mile trip costs 5£d. The increase in traffic amounts to 1,600 per cent. Dr. W. G. Grace gets £8000 for his Aus tralian trip, with his expenses for himself and his wife and two children. Yet the player who straightforwardly takes £2 for a day's work is merely called u Smith" *tnd brutally shorn of his Mister. The ideal to be attained would be a society whose system of production and distribution would enable every human being to enjoy life to its fullest extent according to the com forts and luxuries furnished by the respec tive standard bf civilization. A bill has been introduced into the Legis lature of Indiana providing that any man who shall be proven guilty of whipping his wife shall himself receive sixty lashes, and that the public shall be admitted to the jail-yard to Bee him whipped. The houses of London are calculated to be worth $1,060,000,000. The land upon which they are built is calculated to be worth $2.090,000,000. Upon the last sum the landlords of London receive about . $8$<0QO|Q00 every year in rent. It is the usiial thing for the A. U¿ S. NV Company of Sydney, to ask men seeking employment whether they are unionists, and to refuse employment as far as possible to those that are. Yet the A. U. S. N. is one of the great champions of " freedom of contract." The editor of a weekly paper iu Kansas has been shot at twice, assaulted three times, and had the windows of his office smashed in three times within, the space of four months, because he declared that the Mayor ought to be impeached for drunken ness. 