A GHOST'S STORY. CHAPTER I. I in a ghost ! A real, unmistakable appara- tion ! An actual, undoubted spectre ! I daresay you don't believe in ghosts. Ah! Neither did I at one time. I do now, though, and so will you when you are one. You would i not think much of a man who had not sufficient ; proper pride to enable him to believe in himself. 1 believed in myself as a man, and, as a ghost, I believe, in myself still. Ghosts axe as full of proper pride as anybody, and, I can assure you, it is one of the greatest grievances among our extensive community that it should have become the fashion to scoff at us, and to ignore or doubt our very existence. Yes ! We have many trials to bear, we ghosts ! Sines we are wanting in bodily attri butes, our mental and nervous forces are largely developed as compensation. The result of this is that we are veiy sensitive as (if I may be allowed the expression) a body of spirits. Although disembodied, we yet retain the desire to mingle with you, and to enjoy your societv as in davs cone bv. This beinc so. it is most discouraging to a young ghost when he finds his advances are met with every sign of loathing or abject fear, when his entry causes the precipitate flight of those with whom h« would fain hold friendly converse. Why should you treat us thus r Believe me, we mean you no harm. Our one aim and desire is to be sociable, and to meet you in (and as) a thoroughly companionable spirit. You have no idea how deeply your thoughtless conduct pains us. If you had, I am sure you would never repeat it. This is the real reason that you see us so seldom in the present age. We feel that we are not popular, and we are much too proud to intrude our society where it is so very apparently unwelcome. I recall now a ghost who, in his former life, occupied a position as 44 teller'' at a bank. On striking his balance one night he made the un welcome discovery that he was twopence short. Being in a hurry to get home, for it was the fifth of November, and he had promised to treat his family to a display of fireworks, he rashly paid . in the twopence from his own pocket. During the progress of the firework display he took a leading part ; in fact, he participated to the extent of becoming a display in his own person. He accidentally blew himself up with gunpowder, and thus duly qualified himself as a full-blown ghoBt. It seems that in his hurry on that fatal night he had made a mistake of twopence in his addition, and thus his cash was not twopence short after all. His mis taken contribution, therefore, made his cash twopence too much, and the official of the bank are now in a terrible state of min About this twopence. All the clerks have been work ing far into the night for weeks, and the two pence still remains unexplained. My friend was willing and anxious to explain. Besides, he very naturally wanted his twopence back. So he turned up at the bank one morn ing. However, euch was the consternation and terror his appearance evoked .that he rapidly disappeared, and vows that he will never lay himself open to such an insult again. He will rather sacrifice his twopence; and allow it to remain for ever a mystery and a nightmare to the clerks of the establishment. Of course there are isolated cases when a ghost is obliged to pocket his pride, and to make as many public appearances as if he wepe a popular actor instead of being an unpopular spectre. This happens when he is, so to speak, on very urgent business. I can think of snch an instance. A-gho&t; who, daring his lifetime, had stolen and concealed in a cave a considerable sum of money, now feels very properly that he cannot be comfortable until the money is found and : restored to its rightful owner. To this end he : is now perpetually roaming in the neighbour hood of the cave in question, and endeavouring to induce passers-by to enter and discover the hidden treasure. Unfortunately ihey one and all run away as soon as ever they see him, bo that his well-meant endeavours are in vain. Really the would makes it very difficult for a ghost to be honest and make some reparation for former misdeeds. And now for my own case. Mine is a peculiar case, and, in order to be thoroughly understood, I must begin my tale dating from a year or two ago. At that time I was alive and well. I was young, in comfort able circumstances, engaged to be married to a charming young lady, and, in fact, was happy and contented, with but one drawback. That one drawback was my name. I bore a name which it was very easy to pun upon, and my friends took the fullest advantage of this un fortunate circumstance. L like Dr. Johnson, detested p3as, and it was the bane of my existence to hear my own. name fiendishly tor tured and twisted tot eo base a purpose-. You j may think it was a small misery, but to me it was very real, and I .was sometimes irritated . .almost beyond endurknee. -My name was fiamaei— or, mora - familiarly, Sam — Hughes. Yile pans, such -as " Sam Hughes is amus ing himself," and 44 Yarn's all right when you're used ' to him," fell daily, hourly, on my tor tured ear. - One of the worst offenders in this respect was a so-called friend of mine, by name Joseph Wigsby. He was a loud, vulgar man, with a face that most people described as 44 jolly." I thought, and still think, that- it was a round, redfat, low type of face. He was always laughing, not quietly and decently, but up roariously. He had a great reputation as a 44 funny man," and the loud "HA! ha! ha!" with which he invariably- clinched his own jokes went a long way towards keeping up thia reputation. People called it an 44 infectious" laugh, and I avoided it as I would avoid "an infectious disease. summers ago I decided that, rather than be idle, I would enter some profession, and, after mature consideration, fixed upon the Bar. Naturally fond -of study, I threw my whole heart into preparing myself for the exammations, and, like most 'enthusiastic people, I rather -overdid it. My nerves (always a iweak point with me) gave way under the strain of late hours and hard reading, and I was reluctantly compelled to desist. My doctor ordered me to go to Switzerland, and there re cuperate by the combined aid of mountain air and complete rest. Seeing the absolute neces sity for a short respite from iny toil, I took his prescription with alacrity, made up my mind to dismiss cares and worries from my thoughts, and was soon revelling in the peace and quiet of a Swiss village. Out of the beaten track of tourists, I was free from excitement or annoy ance of any description, and by the time I had been there a week was beginning to feel a new man. One day I. had walked to a favourite haunt about a mile from the village, and I paused, as I often did, to peer into the depths below a steep precipice. This spot had a. great fascination _for me, and as I gazed into the fathomless depths, then to the azure sky above and the beautiful scene around, there came over me, in the stillness, a sense of perfect rest such as I had never before experienced, when2— a loud shout rudelv T 1 1 . , .Y um».cucu ixic, j_ cuuivt;u a, violent slap on the back, and— there stood Joe VV igsby ! Oh ! how I hated him at that moment! "Hallo' Hughes ! You staying here ?" he shouted, with a malevolent emphasis on the pun, and followed this remark with his usual " Ha ! ha ' ha!" I curbed my passion with a mighty effort, and answered briefly that I was. "Admiring the view-Hughes? Eh? Ha' ha! ha !" I bit my lip, and was silent. 44 Going to he married soon, I hear," he continued 44 Well, there's one good thing, Sam, you're hound to treat your wife well. You can't misuse Mrs. Hughes, can you ? Eh ! ha ! ha ! " It was too much. With a yell of rage, I sprang at his throat, and choked his fiendish laugh within him. He struggled desperately to free himself, but iu vain, for in my rage I was far stronger than he. At length, when my passion had spent itself, I threw him from me. He staggered back two or three paces, and before I had time to save or even to warn him, he had disappeared — oh, horror ! — over that fearful precipice ! I stood spellbound, rooted to the spot. I heard the bushes crash. I dare not look, but I imagined his lifeless body falling down — down —down to unknown dAntbs ? TKoti nofn.. came to my aid, and I fainted. When I came to mjself and realised what I had done, my first impulse was to rush to the brink of the precipice and to hurl myself after my victim. My second impulse was to turn and fly from the fatal spot with all speed. I followed my second impulse. I followed it a long way. I fled on and on, never resting, never daring to look behind me, with Wigsby's laugh still ringing in my ears, with Wigsby's face ever before me, until I sank, utterly exhausted and unable to move. How I spent that night I know not. I was, to all intents and purposes, mad '. Of my movements for days I have no recollection. My first glimmering of reason returning found me in an obscure village far from the scene of my crime. How I got there I could not tell, nor ever dared to ask. Suffice it to say that for three months I remained in hiding, with my fearful secret locked in my breast, until, at the end of that time, my guilty burden being more than I could bear, I simply pined away and died. CHAPTER II. Of course, as a ghost, all fear of earthly punishment had left me, and, so far as that was concerned, I was free. But my remorse was still keen within me, and I solemnly vowed that I wouldmever rest nor know a moment's peace until I had found and buried poor Joe Wigsby's body. I lost no time in returning to the scene of the tragedy, and at. once began my 6earch for the body ; but no body could I find. I searched exhaustively, but vainly, for a month, and was then forced to the conclusion that the body was not there. Was it possible that some one had already found it ? If so, was it buried and my labours forestalled? I asked myself these questions. It was absolutely necessary for the fulfilment of my vow that I must be thoroughly satisfied on these points, so l abandoned my search and proceeded to make inquiries. Hitherto I had been searching alone and in visible, bat ' I derided that the time Was now come for me to make my first pnblic appear- ance. I believed that I should be a most effective apparition, and this not withont some rfeason, for my whole get-np was of the beBt. My transparency being quite new, my blue flames lit me up to the greatest advantage. In addition, I possessed a voice the hollowness of which, I thought, was sura to be much ad mired. I tittle knew then what receptions were in store for me 1 I went into the village, and first appeared before M Le Maire, as the chief functionary, and the one most likely to afford me the in formation I desired. I found him in his library comfortably sitting in his easy chair by an open window. When he saw me his faoe became perfectlyjlivid. Fearing he was ill, I approached, Intending to offer assistance, but he yelled— oh, how he yellBa ! Then he simply, and without any apparent reason, launched his body through the window. How he managed it I cannot say, but, by the time I had reached the window, all I could see of him were his coat tails lapidly vanishing round a corner some distance away. I was, as you may -suppose, much surprised at his eccentric behaviour, and puzzled over it in the vain endeavour to think of some rational explanation. My next move was to the village wine shop, with the landlord of which I had been well acquainted, and who would, I was sure, be glad to see me, and to give all the assistance in his power. When I entered his cosy little room, he and ! about half-a-dozen of the leading residents were deep in the discussiqn of wine and poli tics. T.o my utter confusion and dismay, no sooner was I seen than the whole company, .present was seized wifh tfie same symptoms tf those. I had observed in M. Lft. Maire. Aban doning wine and politics sEke, upsetting tables chairs, and glasses, leayfngehmd them hats, coats, and sticks, tiiey oae and au fied,.and, za an incredibly -short , space' of timer, I was tho sole occupant of the room. There incidents so perplexed and discouraged me that I decided not to make any rhqre public appearances ia that village I was hastened to this decision by hearing all' the village gossips next day. narrating in the wildest excitement how ah. evil .spirit had ap» peared to M. Le Maire and terrified him into ft- fit: how it hadalsoappeared in the wine shop and frightened the landlord and eixOf his bast customers into rigning the pledge : and how that M. Le Cure had undertaken to exorrise the said evil spirit withont further delay. Z left the/village before the. hitter ceremony took place, and by sodorng Ihaveno doubt I earned for M. Le Cure more fame as an exorciser of ghosts than he is strictly, entitled to according to his own merits. I made up-my mind to-, betake myself to my native town without any further delay and visit my own and Wigsby's families. Naturally I went to my own home first, and on the way solaced myself by picturing tire plea sure my visit would afford to every member of the family. My fault, X was suie, would be condoned wheu my ex planations were heard and it was seen how anxious I was to make all the atonement in my power. The first person I met on entering the house was my youngest brother. I saw him coming downstairs, carefully carrying a large - photograph of myself, framed and" glazed. Deeply touched by this evidence that my memory was still cherished, I advanced to meet hitn, crying " Tom, dear old Tom!' He screamed, and deliberately threw my own photograph at me, frame and all. Fortunately, it passed harmlessly through my transparency, and smashed on the wall behind me. Yhen my brother saw this, in place of expressing hia pleasure that I was not injured, he turhed round and rushed upstairs again at break-neck speed. I heard him shouting loudly to my other brother tir" Save himtrom Sam's ghost." Fancy that! I was so much hurt at this un- brotherly behaviour that I left the house at once and went across to Wigsby's. Being by this time thoroughly convinced of the_ utter inutility of appearing to people wno eitner could not or would not understand me, I took the precaution of remaining invisible until such time as I should think it advisable to drop my incognito. I took up my quarters in the house, and practically became one of the family without any of them being the wiser, or, I may add, the worse. I was ever on the alert to glean some infor mation about poor Joe. They often spoke of him. They spoke of him as of one who was on a long journey, and frequently speculated as to the probable date of his return. Their idea seemed to he that he might arrive any dav. From these conversations I gathered that they were still in ignorance of his sad fate, and I only waited a favourable opportunity to appear, freely confess all, and gain their assist ance in my quest for the body. I thought the father of the family would be the best one on whom, to experiment. Mr. Wigsby, sen., was an old gentleman, very deaf, with weak eyesight, most matter-of-fact, and altogether a man not aasily startled. After due consideration I made up my mind that I would risk it once more. I went into the library one morning and found him en gaged in the interesting perusal of a letter. I approached him gently, appeared, and waited results. Mr. Wigsby continued his perusal of flio loffcr Tun mmnfoo flirto alanA/iJ /3 T avu w 4uo oiaocuj tiilu 4. thought I might venture on a groan. So I groaned, but not in my hollo west manner, for I wished to gain his attention by degrees. Mr. Wigsby looked up from his letter, and fixed his gaze calmly and intently upon me. 44 At last!" I thqught, "I have found a rational man Still keeping his gaze fixed upon me, he took off his spectacles, wiped them with his hand kerchief, and then carefully set them astride his nose again. I waited with impatience fot him to speak, to give some sign that he recog' nised me. At last he spoke. In a fretful tone of voice, he said : 44 1 knew how it would be. As sure as ever 1 eat roast pork, I have things floating before my eyes for days." This was flattering to me. However, I was not going to be put down as the mere product of a disordered stomach without a protest. I would speak to Mr. Wigsby, and let him see that I was, at any rate, a cut above roast porkr So summing up all my courage, I said : 44 Mr. Wigsby ! Where is Joe ?" He appeared to listen intently, and I repeated my question. Then he remarked : 44 And now I've got an awful singing in my ears. I'm afraid I'm going to have a bad bouf this time." I gave it up, and disappeared. CHAPTER HI. At dinner table that day I heard most exciting news. They said that Joe was coming home that evening. A telegram had been received from him, and they were all in great excite ment. But their excitement was as nothing compared with mine. What could it all mean? Some imposture, no doubt, for had I not been a witness to Joe's awful death? Still, what object had any impostor in personating Joe Wigsby ? About eight o'clock, a cab loaded with luggage drove up to the door. A man got out of the cab, rushed into the house, embraced everybody rapturously, and laughing up roariously the whijLe. That laugh ! That well- remembered laugh ! This was no impostor ! It was Joe Wigsby ! Joe Wigsby himself ! Joe Wigsby in the flesh ! In fact, more iu the flesh than ever! He was rounder, redder, fatter, and more boisterous,, but it was most assuredly Joe Wigsby ! I satisfied myself thoroughly as to this, and then I fled to the topmost garret in the house, there to think calmly upon the situation. After mature and careful deliberation I derided upon appearing to Joe when he came to bed. Then I could offer him my apologies and explanations, receive his; and afterwards consider my future career. I knew that Joe would not be frightened. I knew, from bitter personal experience, that he was a man absolutely devoid of nerves, so I hiuf no samples on that score. Neither could he, iu his rage (if he got enraged over the past) do me any personal injury. I went to his bedroom and waited for him with all the patience I could muster. Before I could screw up my courage sufficiently to appear to him he had undressed, pat out his gas and tumbled into bed 44 Now is my time," I said to myself. 44 Now or never!" So, illuminating the room with my bine flames, I appeared at the foot of his bed. X heard him murmur to himself — 44 Bless me ! That's funny ! I could have sworn I put that gas out. Then I spoke — _ 44 Joseph Wigsby," I said, in my most im pressive manner. He immediatey eat: up in bed, and stared at me m astonishment." 44 Hallo I" he shouted. 44 JVlio the dickens are you, and what sort of a practical joke da you call this ?" 44 Joseph Wigsby," I repeated, 44 1 ££2 sot wjratrtfr1 jol» ! I am the fch©8t of Samuel HnghM.'"- , "T "Y don't bgStfre it," he exclaimed. WfOiere wasn't enohgh of Sam HugheSto mahe f ghost! You% a very jpoor imitation of ap apparition LGJret out !". . . . With this tip proceeded to throw Jus dippers at me. One of them smashed tiirough the window, and ..the other brote the gas globs. !fhen he got up and seised the poker. " If you're not a ghost, I'll jolly soon make yon one, whoever you are," be shooted, and aimed a terrific blow sit me. The poker went harmlessly through me: Joe overbalanced himself with the force of his own blow, and fell with a crash on the floors . When he got spf he looked-atme with more respect « Do you know," he said, V 1= believe yon are Tight Either you'reagbost or "I'm dreaming !" - " Joe." I said, " sit down and listen to : jnei He sat down otwdientlyy and sonieffliat sobduodi " I am indeed the ghost of Samuel Hughes," I continued, " and 1 have sought you for years." , , ' What do you want me for ?" he asked, " 1 want to bury you," I answered. «« Til take good care you don't bury me," Said Joe, " whosoever ghost you are. No ! not even if you were the ghost of the family undertaker, and offered to do it free of charge. Can't you see Tm not dead yet ? You— you xidicolons spectre." _ _ " Yes," I replied, "I can see that, but l cannot understand how it is you axe not. I saw you, with my own eyes, fall to the bottom of that fearful precipice 1" And I shuddered at the recollection. " You didn't see anything of the sort," said Joe. " You saw me go over the brink, but- if you'd had the common politeness to come and see what became of me, you would have seen me, with your "own eyes, stuck in a tree a few yards below, and heard me, with your own ears, yelling for help, and I did yell, too," he continued. ( ' Fortunately some peasants heard me, came to see what was the matter, and hauled me back again, as the song says. My first thought, on reaching terra fiurma, was to find Samuel Hughes, Esq.. and personally thank him for his delicate little attentions, but Samuel had, with his usual tact, disappeared. So I continued the journey I was then making xonnd the world, and having successfully circumnavigated it, here I am. And, now, if you really are the Gho3t of Sam Hughes, what's become of Sam, and what does he want with a ghost, anyway?" " Fearing that I had murdered you," 1 answered, " I fled from the spot and hid myself to avoid the law's penalty. But, such was my remorse, that I 6imply died of grief. Since then, I have been a ghost, wandering about in search cf your body, and with a solemn vow upon me that, until I have found and buried it, I shall know no rest." "Well, Sam's Ghost," said Joe, "you've found the body right enough, but you're not going to have the pleasure of burying it just at present, and I'm afraid you'll be rather tired be fore you have the pleasure, because I'm feeling very well, thank you." I groaned in my very hollowest manner, but it didn't frighten him a bit. " And do you mean to tell me," he continued, " that you've been wandering about all this fame on such a fool's errand, and that you've never had the common sense to make yourself certain that I really was dead, and that there was a primary reason for your being a ghGst at all ?" I was silent. LL TA i_ - _ a tl J1 1 \-- At seems to me, ne resumed, " inai you are the biggest ass of a ghost I ever rreffi. That's not remarkable, though, for you cer tainly are the ghost of the biggest ass I ever met." At this point he laughed his hatexul laugh, and I groaned again. " Don't groan like that, Sam's Ghost !'' he said. "It annoys me! Look here! I owe you a grudge for past favours, but as Idon'tfeel inclined to quarrel with a mere ghost, I'll forgive you and say no more about it. Now, turn off your gas at the meter, like a good ghost, and let me go to sleep." With these remarks he calmly proceeded to dispose him self for slumber. This is my sad story. I never appear to any one now. I still keep my eye on Wigsby, how ever, and follow him wherever he goes. He is rounder, redder, fatter, healthier, and more vulgar than ever. Only last week he insured his life, and was passed as a first-class risk. Trig expectation, I see, on referring to the tables of mortality, is still twenty-seven years, so that my chance of burying him is somewhat remnfcA. Who would be a Ghost Manchester Weekly Times. 