WKITTEN IN RED; o«, THE CONSPIRACY IN THE NORTH CASE* A STORY OF BOSTON. Br Obis. SIo.fTAorr axd C. \ Otaju CHAPTER V.-Amwo' is the Aromus Dvtacuv* John Lunm. wltoic experience narllnd hi> viwi of life rather more broad Am the prosj theoriet who judge* the world Boa hit commonpUoo nttonatca. was not of the existence of the emotional drama ia ml life. Too often had it been his ©aUncholj doty to draw atide the caaTcntiooxl OBitain with which the - member of modem •odetr esdesToun to conceal his serious affairs from the eyes of his neighbour, and to catch a ffeetxng glimpse of the coo tending paw ions which were teething aftrnt the prciumaldv qaiet hearthstone. The scene which be had just witnessed did hot, therefore, seem incredible in itself* but the time and the circa instances at in which it had occurred rendered it, in John Lamm's esli* matioo, of a most peculiar and astounding tiatare. As yet his ideas were too disorderly hnd confused to enable him to draw logical deductions. The moment had not yet come for theories and explanations. Ho could only s mad •till with bated breath and rapid pulse and await the outcome of the strange situation. When Marion feinted, Stella, pale and tgsmhUng and looking very unlike her smiling and roguish self, as the photograph had pro claimed her, ran down to her assistance, and while Aunt Comfort wot ambling about aim* lemljr. wringing her fat hands and reflecting audibly that she couldn't see why on earth rhe Wuen’t already crary, the was making repeated and intelligent efforts at restoration. The eprtahting of water, which Stella procured without eommoaiag the servants, eventually having the effect or canring the eyelids, upon Which nm of the drone fell, to unclose, Marion ■umuatadeoM Inonberant words, arose, and with her sister's help; staggered to a chair, where the eat for several miuntee as motionless and as speechless as ifahe had been in a trance. Aunt Comfort, suddenly awakening to her re eponribflirtee, ran to fau her with a book cover, murmaang continuously •.siting and reassur ng stttt—1 s.i. Mttiou did not eppaar to notice her, though the detect!re saw the girl's eyes snore once following her sister's motions in a relent* lem, questioning way. Mr. Lamm hoped for gome oooTOTaUon which would throw light on the dramatic charade that had been enacted tu hia presence, but he was disappointed. Noth* ur came bat the uninterrupted monologue of wheezy Aunt Comfort. Neither of the sisters cnoke other than in monosyllables, until Man on, suddenly flashing under some words of the elderly Udy solicitous for ThomUi Stack house, said imperionriy— Stop! stop! I tell you! Not another word. Thu house was not his. It was xnr father’s. Whaterer there may bs in it which belongs to him must be sent to him. If ho everconca here •C*ia I shall go away. If ho has given any orders concerning my father', funeral they mart be countermanded. It would be a •ocrileg* which 1 could not permit.” Aunt Comfort seamed to be too much alarmed to make any reply or to put any in qwry, and whaterer remenitrance Sulla had to offer against her lister’* extraordinary conduct muat have been uttered before the arrival of Stackhouse, for it wat e\\-ident that slie had be come hopeteealy resigned to the situation. A ring at tne door btll Ml with startling effect upon the ailenoe of tho house. Stella Ced precipitately to the upper regions, while Aunt Comfort, with her hand on her heart, stored apprehensively at the door. Is was Marian herself who waved back Urn advancing •errant with an imperious gMture and went re solutely to answer lbs suzutaour. “Bless me!” Mr. Lamm exclaimed within hioiielf. •• It'* my risky client!” And behold on the threshold, hat in hand, a bit flushed and embarrassed, and with an ex pression of lively eolicitude as befitted the oocation, Mr. Richard Fctridge 1 “You come ate sad time, air,” murmured Aunt Comfort, walking aimlessly between the door and the staircase. " } **n fery glad you or*here, Mr. Fetridge,” Maxsou said, in collected tone*. “ If wo ever sseeded a friend, it ia at thia moment. *’ “ I need not say with what eageroes* I shall avail myarlf of any opnorhuity toaidyon. Mr*. Stackhouse," beaaid, earnestly. She looked luas directly ia the eyes. • ‘‘Set Msa. Stsekhonss, Marion N orth.'* He made a pelafel effort to appear unera bommed, bat it teas quite trident that he wat gtavaly alarmed. “ Ton—yon—know ha stammered. • “ Everything,” she taltuaed, with a forlorn, batter accent. “ Good beaveaa!” he ejacalated, in ill-con otalod alarm. “ Who told yon f” She made no reply In word*, Imt with a •ample gesture indicated tb* porltirt at the right. In a moment the two people had dis appeared from view, Imving A ant Comfort wiring lib* a petrified figure in Iba museum at the drawn curtain. She wa* awakened from her lethargy by the voice of Stella calling pieoiulv from above. “ Oh! Aunt Comfort • Do come here Do come hire 1” And a* the oaiy rwnnintog personage in the field of hi* virion disappeared, John lams, detective, began to uhimt sundry signs of ex aapetaiion.. In vain be attained his listening ears, in vain he wtared So raise Ihs sooh of the window to an imfTadi at degree. Nothing bat the vsgno mmrmur of voioce end tbe occasional distent eoosd of sobbing rewarded hi* efforts. “Tobe cut off at inch a point a* this!” ha few id 11 I'd asijoyhanging tbe architect wte pat each* stapid buildiag tonrhvr Aarawaanothincforkim to do bat to can Jaster sand wait. The two peopl* remained in the parlour for Marly bauanhi ike parlour for mHy half an hour. At tbe aspmtton of that than, th* iapatiact watcher aaw the parrisrediatarbed and they reappeared intlwhaU. Mr. Immmeenerly markad their fp Ktiva apaaam re*. hoptog thereby to con ■tenet anesetlanry of the nature of their inter* view. Marion waavary pale, cold, detanained, cnlleetod. Fetridn hot* team* of aawoated Hi* me* wasfinsbed; hi* hand accowaaalad him to th* door. H. had lit, srfimh»turnedisapulairely andsaid, won’t pan -reeanridar your un awd mate’ * Confidant of tofpj naoMtoa l.Miahnad Atrifiga, ongMto under _ Jtm tfen* to feriow I aonr go any-oth*e way than itaglgkt wnaHrn.T v .*& • -a •tfhiiwtor' rout,ioodj” b* annaund. Akd 1 itall still continue to do everything m mj power to make UntniUt blow easier foryon.” ^ Ho lywod cosutsainedly, glanced furtively up mMitueu if b«hopdtont anotherlice, “dwent out. The door doted. . MS*00 “u}th? l>er breath, eet her teeth wrw»Wi cliocae4 hfirftiti/iod stood motion* lees looking at the eapet. . “ I'd fits 600 dollars to Iso* what that girl m thinking of,” thought- the dateotive; “the «mamt the stoat nnpltaiant azpnaeaoafor iiimiom womilsw nv, And. hvur U I aboaldal dislike to be in a position depawleat oaher tad iacur bar eemity. She would stiaglike a serpent , the man who at tempted to throttle her.” The fair wotaaawith the Ifadaa face did not remain long the subject of hie critical cootam ptaos. Slowly, and in the mm thoughtful attitude, ahe hegaa with fin step to aeceod the riajrrsM, asd eoou eaniriied frost John Usn'l aightuMf hearing... .That gautlaMau rapidly came to the oon that, thara waa nothing further to ha gained by longer rwnainiag in his pcacariou* plaoa. Cartfully dowag the window, ha tamed the key in the lock, and wai pis* punng to leave by way of the door, wMhha atopped suddenly under (he apel! of a near idea, j Hu nmuinuil iwaettw fnat Ineaa -- * '«i. He remained inactire just long mmI to con Mder the feauhOity of the proposition. " It a bold atop to take, bat bold etepe, to Uw ▼ergeof reqklsmnma eoadtbees, weretboeeby which he had achieved hia prelect eminence ia hia profeaaioo. Ia two Bsantea hie mind waa .made up. Instead of leaving by the door, ha tint made aura that tho coast war clear, and then got out of the window and walked rapidly around the corner to the front entrance. Ife pulled authoritatively at the bell. After a abort delay tbe luminous was answered by the eWl tremulous Uoffvtt. “ I araaorry. man," said Mr. Lamm, “ but I must see tbe ladies after all. Giro my card to Miss Harwood, p’m-e." Moffett acerpted the proffered piece of paste lreard, on which was engraved— I.KT1 Dlt.Uxait.VX, Police Detective. Aunt Comfort responded, breathless and adtimstic. She iuvited John Lamm iuto the reception-room. With quiet dignity the detre- ] live proceeded to apologise and to reassure her. I lie regrclfe.l tho necessity which forcsd him to call at such a time, and enlarged Upon the great service she might do the causo of justice py making him acquainted with whatsoever facts of any passible bearing oo the motive for tbe murder that night be in her possession. It was useless. At anb’bcr time tbe amiable housekocjrer might have filled hii note-book with unconscious revelations; but there is a point beyond which garrulous ticti becomes complete idiocy, and it is little exaggeration to say that the terrible events of the day had carried Aunt Comfort over the limit. There waa abolately nothing to bo got from her but tears and gasin and interjections. Tbe idea of calling upon Mrs. Stackhouse to present the case was an inspiration to her and a relief to the patient I*mm. it is true that he awaited the coming of Marion with some compunctions and no little curiosity. The young lady entered the room haughtily, and looked at him in a distant, unemotional way. “ Di.l you desire my presence, sir F” “ If you please, madam,” uii^ubn Lamm; “ “d, also that of yonr lister, if it be poa •• My sister," she returned quickly, “ is alto gether too young to be of any uw to you in such an emergency. Jfor do I choose to have her disturbed at such a time.” “ 1 bow to your superior judgment, madam, l ou un Jerataad that I am a simple officer of tho law with the single purpoee of doing my duty. I wirh to do it with as little annoyance as possible.” “ "’hat do you wish, air : I do not seo bow any body in this house can aid you. Wo know nothing of this crime but the awful fact, and it docs stem that at such a time tbe police might do their duty without intruding into the circle cf the bereaved £aculj.** “ Pardon me," said Lamm, humbly but respectfully, as he stood before bar, turning his hat in tua uneasy hands. 41 Tbe affair is a mystery. We desire to street the guilty parties. Often the relatives in such cases have strong reasons for suspicions.” vel ° ^<lT* none’" rctura®'l Marion, deci “ 5o, indeed 1" corroborated Aunt Comfort. “ The idea of such a thing l” “You are utterly unaware of anr possible motive for this crime?” Intentionally Detective Lamm cast a keen, searching glance full into the face cf the stoical young woman. His idea was to intimidate rather than to observe her, for be had a furtive way of scrutinising people without appearing to do so. It was intilective. Not etui her eyelashes quiveicd. 44 Utterly," she said, firmly. 44 And now, sir, are you satisfied F’’ “ Unfortunately, no*4 said Lamm, glancing uneasily nt Aunt Comfort. 44 Could i—would it be presumptuous in me—to ask for a private interview Marion drew a full breath. There was a slight quiver as she did so, which seemed to indicate that her calnmcjj was the result of rigid repression of her spontaneous emotions. She motioned Aunt Cimfort towards the hail. *• Well, sirf" aha said os soon as they were alone.. John Lamm taw that she had no intention of prolonging the interview, lie resolved to break the ice of her reserve with cue fell crush. 44 Tell me," be said, without preface, “who is Marie Moyso!” She could not repress tho stirt nor tho tell tale flush that rose iuto her cheeks. But she made a brave effort which aroused John Lamm's unspoken admiration. 44 Why do you ask J" Only this in a faint voice, as a response to this undirected bomb shell. 44 What grit that girl lias!” was John Lamm’s unullcred cimiueut. Her question, however, warned him that ho waa on the brink of a precipice, the other side of which he could not see. Still, with his accustomed audacity, he took tho leap in the dark. "Decause,-’he said, baldly, “there is reason io believe that such a woman is mixed up in this affair.” Ah!” she returned, coldly, 441 know nothing cf her. Really, Mr. Officer, you must excuse me if you have nothing more to say to me than this. The occasion la too grave—too solemn. Yon should go to Mr. North's partner, Mr. Stackbcure. He can tell vou moie about it than anybody else.” Did the mean to give these last words a special etnplcuis : Tbe detective was not sure, but ho saw that it would be more than useless to prolong the interview. Ho had made up hia mind that Marion Stackbouto waa impervious to surprise, and iuacccssible to au ordinary appeal. Before he could hope to penetrate that amour he would be obliged to prepare himself with a host of facts of which he was now ignornni. .So he took bis leave with the best grace possible, and once more breathed the fcetralrof the quiet streets. Unquestionably it was a relief to get out of that with its mysterious secrets and its unlaid ghosts. -* * “ S ie is one woman in ten housand 1”- he muttered to himself as he walked away. .“At her age such self-command is aa uncommon as a lottery prise. Well, we’ll try again.” Some inquiries assured him that it was not tar to the seaside residence of Richard Fetridge. In fivo minutes after leaving Marion’s presence be waa bowing before the astonished Fetridge, whom ho met on the verandah overlooking the You here?” “ So it would seem, Mr. Fetridge.’’ 44 And what can you have discovered so “I’ll tell you. It’s a simple due, and may net lead to much. Still I must beg leave to ark yonr assistance. I wish to put a question, stipulating that yon do not ask me any in return, you see, I aa not ready to make a report Tet," Fetridge slightly frowned. Evidently ha did not relish mysteries. “Aik yourqu»etlon, Vr. Lama. 44 Who is Marie Moyaof" Fetridge sprang up with a force that over turned hi* chair. _ “The deuce!” he ejaculated. “How cama you by that dim f" “Ho, ho!” quoth John Lunm in hia mind. 14 This gentleman does not guard hia aecsataao well at tbe Udjyooder.” I must remind you, Mr. Fatridga," ha ia HUBPls UttWHY* MM» awvrw ew i i questions. Still, I don’t wind tailing yon that the woman seems to beiasoate way coaaaotod with our friend Staekhouae.” “Humph! I shall begin tn ngud yon sen wiaard rather thaa a defective, Mr. Lamas,” Fatridga remarked, with an eddrt to eeneenl hie astonishment. "“I mast .my I cannot eon mivahy whatpoariM^tyjou afthat see yon have, I moat i frothing for me, and tkot whatever- i nitistaalNob X<T» to ,kacw a SSPR-idffSfiPPI 5 i Way, knur ’da ys* epe«; tie*," Fctrito (palled the min and Mr. Lamm wrote it dawn, smiling at hi* own mistake. “ It*« a Creole name, I believe.” “ Ob, to bo tore. And bare too ur idea of ber whereabout* at tbit time!” “She we* la New York fire jean ago. I cannot ■ ay—tbougb Mr. Stackhouse, who mar And it convcnbnt to keen track of her, perhaps can—whbt hat become of her.” The two smb looked at aach other. “Well,” aaid Fetridge, impatiently, “why do yon ask me thief WTiat possible connection can (behave with this casef" Not earing to betray bitaaelf byanawaring tUaquwtiba, John Lamm deemed it prudent to “1 hart barely time to catch tha train back," ha tscliimid, boniidlr, gliBetot at hia watch Urn fading baht. •'I'll talk with yon later, Mr. Fetridge.,r And ha waa off at onoa at an energetic pace. Bat he did net . leave Swampooott tul he had ■ada Mr. Moffrtt hia dm frSnT Joha Tamm waa not of theaort toletgraaa irowendarhi* fart or to neglect any cine, hoWarer unlikely, which oonld possibly bring him to aoooaea in aa important quest. llWbtnai last.-after e long conference with the “ inride man” of the . late Peal. North, ho waa u the train on hia way beck to the city, bo began writing an advertisement to be forwarded to a correspondent in New York for ineertioo in tii diilj pptw thfft. * ' " “ Kua lfconr!—Any information u to whereabonte of Maria Moitaot will be liberally rewarded by the undersigned. The tidy her Mix will iMn something to her idYiotiin by addressing-, “It’s a slim chance,” mattered the detective, “ hat still it may lead to something ” 