Wijt 3kaj)utrtja?£>mlti FRIDAY, DECEMBEB, 25, 1891. CHRISTMAS. Christmas in Australia is observed under very unpropitious circumtances. With the thermometer's mercury standing at over a hundred, to talk of Yule logs and hot roast beef and fire side reunions is the simplest means to provoke a man to profanity. Talk io hiin of luscious fruits and iced drinks and you have au attentive listener. These circumstances rob Christmastide of very much of the charm that has become associated with it in colder climes, but yet the ghost of it liaunts us ; and, defiant to the almost unbear able glory of old Sol, goose and plum pudding are found upon the Christmas table of Australian^. We enjoy them as best we can, and the weather forms a convenient, if not an agreeable, topic of conversation. Notwithstanding our climatic disadvantages, all the sympa thies and good-feelings which, mush room-like, Spring out of the human ( heart, once at least every year, lu ilie old country, have a corresponding pulsation here. The Australian's heart beats with something more than . over-heated blood. He may be dis respectful to many old English customs, and laugh at the reverence of his ancestors, but he has, neverthe less, a soft, susceptible heart, the dictates of which he is not slow to follow. The furnace of a dry country has not deprived him of human nature, and he acknowledges himself linked with thebroadest of brotherhoods. Love bridges the widest gulf. "With the eye of faith calvary is but a span's reach, and the sacred blood seems to course through our veins as we dwell upon the nativity that, eighteen centuries ago, gave to the world the origin of our dearest of festivals. If nearly nineteen hundred years of hatred and bloodshed have failed to obliterate from the mind of man the impress of the angels' eong on that memorable night, we are not likely, in consequence of the intervention of a few thousand miles of ocean and extremes of experiences, to lose much of the halo of bliss and good- feeling which have, and still, in the old country encircle the thought of Christmas. The poet aptlv says " . •. • intervening billows' snowy foam, Rising successively, seem steps of li«-ht, Such as on Bethel's plain the anW's clonib; " When, to the slumbering patriarchs' ravished sight Heaven's glories were revealed in visions of the night. Whilst antipo deans are unable to celebrate tho holiday of all holidays with the fireside eheeriness and parlor pleasantries of English homes, they can appreciate the spirit of it equally with their somewhat more favored friends; and, whilst they cannot com mit the harmless thefts under the mistletoe, they can enjoy the stately gum's umbrageousness. So far as circumstances permit, we make the best of onr disadvantages, and, all things considered, we are not to be scorned as beyond the enjoyment of the Christmas festivities. j "With this issue we have reached ! the Christmas of ninety-one. It i seems but a day since our thoughts ' were last drawn out by that peculiar j imperceptible,but undoubtedly present' ' something that gives to the very \ atmosphere iu its worst moods a : fragrance of happiness, and creates a j longing within the human breast that fades at the first blush of realization * I but here it is, stifle it we cannot, and' i meet whom we may, acquaintances or I strangers wo feel compelled to wish j them well. Happily they are few 1 whose hearts are not at melting point 1 at this season of the year, and the world would be the better without j taern; ror those who, oven after the i asperities which naturally follow the struggle for esisteucc that £uus on m 1 the commercial world, cannot profit by the respite of (hristtnasiido have become too demoralized for the con fidence and pood wishes of those with whom they mingle. Christmas, then, has a two-fold mission : It reminds us of the nativity of Mi in H'bo?e life was for the lowliest and whose death was for the cause of all mankind, and it is a stage in life's journey where man can rest and brush away ihe frosts of estrangement, and cleanse his sandals of the slime of shady transactions. Like the Kazarene carpenter, let us wish all men weli, and & fSUrqj Christmas. The Te.vde in Flux.—The following are the quantities of flux dispatched from tbo Kapuuda. railway-station for the week ended December 19th, 1S91:—To Dry Creek—Limestone, 415 tons 7 cwt. 1 qr. Phenomenon.—About eleven o'clock on Monday morning, we have been informed, a beautiful ring was observed to encircle the Bun, It closely resembled the hues which are frequently seen before the moon, and was clear and ■vvell-defmed. Spobts at Nubiootpa--—The rccreation park at Nuriootpa is to be opened by Mr. W. Hague, M.P., on Monday next at ten o'clock. An attractive programme of athletic sports has been prepared, and there will be a cricket match between the Barossa and Light and Gawler Cricketing Associations. There will be an entertain ment in the evening. Accident at a Sawmill.—An accident I happened to William Bobins (son of Mr. | W. Robins), a young man employed at the ! Kapunda Boiler- Flour Mills, on Thursday J morning, by which he lost two fingers 1 and had his hand badly lacerated. He was cutting- firewood when his right hand came into contact with a circular saiv. The third finger was cut clean off and two others were torn considerably, one having* to be ttiljeu off. The operation was performed at the hospital by Drg, Hamilton and Glynn. Sad End of a Fanatic.—A telegram in Friday's Register says—"On Wednesday two men discovered a body in a shallow part of Anderson's Creek. The body was subsequently identified as that c.f J, J. R. Bignell, who had given himself out as John the Baptist. He was one of a sect which was started at JTunawading about twenty years ago by a man named Fisher, who was known as "The Nunawading Messiah." Bigneli was second in command. He had been actively engaged recently in prospect ing for coal." Population of Victoria,—Mr. H. H. Hayter, Victorian Government Statist, gives the estimated population of Victoria on the 30th September last as 1,153,481— 003,730 males and 549,751 females. There was an increase daring the quarter ending September 30 of 6,570, the estimated popu lation on Juno 30, being 1,146,911. The population as enumerated on April 5 was 1,140,405, the increase between thai- date iVnd Kpptom'ho*- O0 ljui'nfr 1 During the third quarter of this year the excess of registered births over registered deaths was 6,245, viz. 2*897 of malos and 3.348 of females. Ca^on Wkitington ox Sheol.—During Advent the evening sermons at St. John's (pro-cathedral) Church are on the subject of "The Four Last Things." The Rev. Canon Whitington preached last night on Hell, says the Brisbane Telegraph of December 14. After giving a most lucid explanation of the separate meanings to be attached to the word hell" when it was found in different parts of the old version of the Bible and in the cret- ds, the preacher said there was no more scriptural authority for entering upon a particularised description of the torments of hell than there was authority for saying such a place did not exist. He condemned as shocking the particularity with which hell was described in many religious publica tions, and further spoke strongly against the opinion that the major portion of man kind were doomed to future punishment. It was certain, however, he added, that those who continually acted in opposition to the light of the gospel would be punished heieafter. For that statement there was the authority of Christ himself. In con clusion, he said that death was certain judgment certain, and, after that, heaven or hell. A Plucky Climb.—Many are the acts of heroism recorded in the annals of mining accidents, and numberless cases might be cited of miners descending into burning collieries and in many other ways cheer fully risking, and often sacrificing, their own lives in endeavoring to save the lives of their comrades. An incident occurred here not long ago (says the Register's Cal lington correspondent) which at least deserves mention. About a ton ot lead ore fell on a miner named Tresize, who was working in the lOfrn. level of the Aclare mine, injuring him so severely that he was unable to move. How to get him to the surface was a difficulty that puzzled his mates. To get the man to the shaft so as to send him up in the whim bucket would necessitate carrying him to the 20-fm. level, which, owing to the manholes, would be almost impossible. The shift boss, Duncan Macaulay, a young Scotchman, then volunteered to carry the injured aian to the surface. Lashed to his back with ropes the perilous ascent began. Macaulay stands 6ft, 2in., and the man he carried was by no means a " light weight." Step by step, by the flickering liffht of a candle he slowly mounted the old perpendicular ladders (since replaced) which had been in use for over 25 years, and now and again an ominous creak would be heard from the wooden rungs as if protesting against the unusual strain to which they were subjected. At length, much exhausted, the deliverer and his burden reached the surface, and the unfortunate miner was carried home, where, after lingering a few hours, he died. School of Mines.—A meeting of the committee of the Kapunda Branch of the School of Mines was held at the Institute on Tuesday evening. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. A. ralmsr) occupied the- chair. It was announced tliat the sum of <£200 had been placed on. the Estimates by tho Government and had been passed, hut it "Si ad not yet been placed to the credit of the school. A statement was received, from Mr. Provis giving the estimated expenses in connection -with tho formation of a miuei-alogical and metallurgical class, and it "was accompanied by a colored drawing of the proposed furnace. It was decided to advertise for applications for the position of instructor to the pro posed class, one of the conditions being that the applicants selected will have to pass an examination by the Adelaide School of Mines before the appointment is made. A letter was received from Mr, Gill, of tho School of Design, offering to supply an instructor in drawing other than mechani cal, and the secretary (Mr. A. W, Rayment) was instructed to communicate with Mr. Gill to ascertain the cost of such an instruc tor, It- was decided to ask Mr. East to select a balance for assaying purposes. The present is the last week of the term of the mechanical drawing-class, and there will be a vacation until January 21. Due notice will be given by advertisement of the reassembling of the class. The Harvest.—-Reaping is getting into full swing in this district, and the crops in ruost cases are turning out very much better than it was expected they would with the unfavorable season in the early part, and especially after tho storm a few weeks ago. The information to hand is too meagre to speak with any near approach to certainty, but the average will be pro faably not less than seven bushels, Mr. J. Wilson, on Clare-road is reaping a crop which ha expaots will yield ten bushels to the acre. Magistrates* Court.—Joseph Palmer alias Higginbottom, an old offender, and who was only recently libexated from gaol, was, on Wednesday, charged, before Mr. A. Pabner, J.P., with drunkenness on ' the previous day, and was fined 5s., in default seven days' imprisonment. On a charge of disturbing the peace he was fined 5s. or seven days' imprisonment. Joseph decided to have his Christmas din ner at the expense of the State, and " went down" for that purpose. Christmas Eve.—At an early hour on Thursday morning the initiatory proceed ings in the celebration of Christmas were in hand. Vehicles laden with evergreens were in the street at six o'clock, a ad the early-rising tradesmen were about arrang ing for decorations. Nothing elaborate has been done in the way oi ornamention, the customary pines and sprinkles of Chinese lanterns being the full extent, but the Main-street presented a gay and pros perous appearance in the evening. Crowds of children blocked the footpaths as they took shop windows by storm in their anxiety to select artioles in which they might invest the pence of which they were the proud owners, and the place was converted into a bedlam by the discordant voices of the excited juveniles and the screeching or hoarse notes of trumpets innumerable. oiu-;=ti»mc "Rve is a, happy time with the youngsters. In it the hundred dreams which have illustrated their slumbers of the last few months seem to bo on the border of realization, and the joy is unbounded. The windows of the principal fancy goods shops were well stocked with toys, &c.;, and if the sales effected can be gauged by the number of those who entered the establishments, a good business must have been done. Kapunda W hsleyan Circuit Quaeteely Meeting.—The December quarterly meet ing of the Kapunda Wesleyan circiut was held in the Kapunda Church on Tuesday the 22nd. The Rev. H. H. Teague pre sided. Pull members 163; juniors 2. The expenditure was in excess of the income, but an effort would be made to wipe out the deficit during the new quarter, and so to start the connexional year in April with a clean circuit balance-sheet. The usual circuit and connexional collections were ■authorised. Arrangements were also fore casted for observing church anniversaries at Finnis Point and Giles's Corner, and Sunday-school anniversaries at Kapunda and Tarlee, during the currency of the next circuit plan. Harvest thanksgiving; services would also be held at each of the churches in January and February. The usual circuit picnic will be held at Giles's Corner at a time to be arranged locally. The reports from Sunday-schools were satisfactory; Giles's Corner report con taining specially encouraging features. The retiring circuit stewards, Messrs. Joseph Nock and M. Menhennett, were cordially thanked for their esteemed ser vices during the past year-, and on the nomination of the chairman, Messrs. M. Menhennett and James Pearce were unanimously elected as respectively senior and junior circuit stewards for the next year. Messrs. James Pearce and Bobert K>lly, M.P., were selected as representa tives to the ensuing conference, the Kapunda circuit this year enjoying the privilege of sending two delegates instead of one. The local preachers' quarterly meeting was held on Tuesday morning, the : usual business being gone through. Both meetings were of an exceedingly pleasant ! and profitable character. The delegates , were piovided with dinner and tea at the 1 parsonage, the Rev. H. H. Teague and Mrs. ! Teague, with Miss Payne, being accorded a hearty vote of thanks. 