SP0BTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. (By Wibe.) ' Melbocbne, Tuesday Night. On tho Flomington training tracks this morning, Lottie, looking exceedingly welli was given a turn over the hurdles. 'Knight' of tho Garter did ditto, but only went fairly well. Star of Erin, after jumping badly, warmed up to his work and per formed ereditablv. Frolic, The Victim, Little Arthur, EUerslie, Porcius, Pentagon, and Coral worked. Bellringer.Mavinion, Goldleaf andYabba have arrived from Sydney, and Billon from Adelaide Botting is fairly brisk. As showing how open the Grand National Hurdle Eace is considered, 100 to 8 is offered on the field. Busaco, Tradition, Bellringer, Frolic. and Lottie' have each been backed at that figure. Eedleap, Priseilla and Dillon are at 100 to 7, Hesperus, Havilah, Ixion, Pen tagon and Elfie at 100 to 6. For the Grand National Steeplechase Fearless II. remains favorite at Q to 1, Sir Wilfred and.Tyro havo boen supported at 8 to 1, May Be and Blister at 10 to 1, Blair Athol, Whisperer II., and Coral at 12 to 1, and Busaco at 14 to 1. Tho best price against Bungebah for the Caulfiold Cup is 100 to 8, Malvolio being next in demand at 100 to 4. For the Melbourne Cup XJarbine re mains favorite at 100 to 11. Mr. J. E. Crooke, proprietor of tho Aspendale racecourse, to induce owners to run their horses out, is offering a prize of .£50 to the owner whoso horses run into a place the largest number of times from tho July to the next January meeting. Mr. W. C. Cullon, proprietor of the Oakleigh Park Racecourse, has filed his schedule The liabilities are .£30,385, assets £29,920, leaving a deficit of .£0465. This has considerably complicated matters in connection with the purchase of tho Oak leigh Park Course by the Victorian Trot ting Club, the purchase not having yot been completed. Tho matter of the appointments of stipendiary steward and bandicapper was considered by the ?V.B.C committee this afternoon, but in view of the near ap proach of tho annual meeting, it was decided to leave the question of both ap pointments over for the incoming com mittee. It will bo remembered that in May last the Wyndham Eacing Club stewards, after disqualifying the jockey Banvard for six months in connection with the running of Partner, re-opened the case on the confes sion of the jockey that he was instructed by the owner to pull the hor3e, and tho disqualification of tho jockey was there upon removed, and tho trainer and owner each disqualified ioj ten yea.T3. The V.E.C. Committee, at their meeting to-day, decided that the stewards had no power to re-open a case once a decision had been given. Tlrey therefore endorsed the original disqualification of the jockey, but refused to endorse tho ten years' disqualifi cation of the owner aud trainer. A similar decision was also arrived at by the com mittee in tho case of the disqualification of Wasp and her owner by the Ballarat Miners' Turf Club under similar circum stances. The V.E.C. Committee this afternoon upheld tho appeal of B. Bayley, owner, and the jockey Bryans against tho dis qualification of six months inflicted on them in connection with the running of Miss Tusma at Aspendalo. The committee refused to endorse the disqualification. , Tho disqualification for 12 months of the jockey Flood by the Caulfield stewards for loul riding was endorsed. The Ar.E.C. Committee decided to-day to agree to recognise tho disqualifications of the English JocUoy Club. A circular on the matter was received from the latter body. Melboubne, Monday. 'JEUo 'Xiirf. The V.E.C. Grand National meeting will commence on Saturday next, and though there does not appear to be the same amount of interest taken in the fixture as in previous vear3, iudsinir bv tho amount of wagering taking place, I dare say the meeting will be a very successful one. The fact is that bookmakers, like everybody else, are suffering from the bad times, and where a short time ago people backed in hundreds they are now content to invest tenners andponies. Proceedings on Satur day next will commence with the MAIDEN HURDLE EACE, which is run over two miles. There are a number ef promising candidates for jump ing honors engaged. The pick of the lot are, I think, Webtminstee and Larby Then will follow the' . TWO-YEAE-OLD HANDICAP, which is run ovor six furlongs. This should go to , The Heeel or Lal. The third event on the card is tho GKAND NATIONAL HUEDLE EACE, which, in all probability, will attract a big field. Lottie is top weight with 12st 111b uiiu »uo m uuu uy uuy meiiua ouc ox it with that impost. Tradition, list 91b, must'have a show if he is well, and Frolic, list, will take all the beating that they can give him. Birdie lOst 101b, and Loroy lUst 91b, are a well handicapped pair, and Harbinger, lOst 01b, it is said, can jump like u, deer. Bothwell has plenty of pact), and if he can jump lOst 31b should not trouble liim. The Pioneer and Dillon ou tho same mark are a good deal fancied. Hesperus, 9at 121b, is being trained by Foulshuiu, and I hear ' great accounts of this horse, though thoro are whispers of his having gone off. Of the others I like best Eliie, Uoldleaf, Pentagon, Crusoe, and Tho Student. I will placo ? DILLON ? .... 1 BOTHWELL ? 2 FltOLIC OB BlBDIE ? 8 The succeeding event is the MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE, in which I like best the chances of Tbojan and GbAndwino. The day's racing wili be brought to a conclusion with tho WINTEE HANDICAP, (ljmile). This may go to Accident or Kaoul. A promising filly named Thelma, by Newminster, from Harpy, owned by Mr. S. Miller, and engaged in the Grand National Steeplechase, injured herself so much by being brought down in tho Maiden Steeplechase at the Oakland Hunt Club meeting on Wednesday that she had to be destroyed. Sbe wa3 only three years old. The Oaklands Hunt Club brought off their meeting on the Caulfield course on Wednesday lost. The weather was fine and the attendance 'good. Mr. J. O. Inglis started operations by riding Beau Brandon, 'I2st, to victory in the Hunters' Hurdle Eace, in which his mount started favorite. Kororoit came down in this race and rolled ovor his rider, Mr. J. E. Brewer, and it wtt3 at first thought that he was seriously in jured, but he escaped with a shaking. Tho Maidun Steoplechoso was won by a grey golding named Dolphin (by '.Hie Diver — Alice), owned by P. Bolger, but he had very 'little ,-to.- spare at the finish from 'Sugar, who- is-' rathera promising jumpor. ?The Open Hurdle ^R9.ce fell'to Knight of .the Garter, tKia being his first appearance in-a hurdle race. ''Thisson of King of the ?Anglrfralwas'bjtckedfqi'ia lit of. money in Br^vo's.vMeibonrtie ; Cup, .- and there is no doubt'-thafr he ;hd3, plenty of pace. HiB victory over' the 'little sticks' at the first at tempt, even by , liis owner, Mr. A. M'Cracken, was hardly expected, and ho went out at a long pricor He carriod lOst 31b and won very comfortably, but ho will probably.be well looked after by the han dicappor whon next entered for a hurdlo race. Mr. Brewer rode Leona- into third place in this race, having recovered from, his fall. He went one better in the Woodlands Amateur Steuplcchaso, in which he rode: Snip (list 21b) to victory. Alice, ridden by. Mi:.. Godfrey Watson, looked all over a winner coming up tho straight, but Snip caught her on the post and won by a nock. , Snip was tho horse that young Mr. Farquli arson was riding in the Amateur Stoepleohase at the Oak lands Meeting last year whon he met with his death, owing to hia horse falling. The Selling Eace only brought 'but three star ters, and Eobinson Crusoe's daughter, Avah, won easily, being afterwards sold to Mr. Gill for 100 sovs. Knight, with Martin Burke in. the saddlo, won the Steeplechase with 12st 31b up, the other three starters having no show against him. Tho last event of the day was the Glenara. Handicap, of 1 mile, in which Mr. T. Samp son at last succeeded in gaining a winning bracket, his well-bred but hitherto disap pointing maro Maggie (7st lib) getting home from Eef use. Maggie is byDarobin from Margaret, and her recent perfor mances have been so bod that her owner decided to send her to the stud after her poor display at Elsternwick, but gave her one last chance of retrieving her reputation on tho turf. Now that she has proved that she is not such a duffer ns was gonerally thought, I suppose Mr. Sampson will givo the maro other oppor tunities of proving what she is made of. Corrigan had his collur-bono broken by Stowpan falling with him in the Hurdle Eace, and lie may not be ablo to tako part in the V.E.C. Grand National Meeting. Corrigan whs dragged along tho ground by tho imiva for soino distance, and only escaped serious injury by his cleverness in regaining his feet. It was some time after the accident that it was discovered his collar-bone was broken. . That clevor young light-weight jockey, Flood, has at last come to grief. Like a good many riders before him, ho has been spoiled by success. That he is a splondid horseman there can bo no doubt, but the success that has attended his efforts of late ha^ had rather a bad effect upon his head, which has become too large for an ordinary sized hat. Ho rode Eaoul in the Kichmond Handicap at Caulfield on the 30th inst. in rather an erratic fashion, tho chances of several horses in the race being interfered with thereby. The stewards inquired into the matter on Wednesday last, and decided to disqualify him for twelve months for foul riding. Another clover light-weight jockey, John Hayes, has also been put on the shelf for twelve mouths. He rode Drif fiold in tho Midwinter Handicap at the Mentone Mooting on Friday, and the stewards considered tlie running of the colt so suspicious that they decided to dis qualify him, the rider, and the owner (J. i-. Eennison) for a year. The raco was won by Pakeha's brother, Briton, 7st 121b, who started an even money favorite, and got home on the post a head in front of Adonis, list 71b. The Selling Hurdlo Eace tell to Bangle, who beat Gulpha, the favorite, by a head only. Mr. S. G. Cook's colt, The Jester, followed up his Aspondale success by pulling oft' the Trial Stakes, for which Eossall, who started pretty hot goods, was second. Mr. D. Greenaway, the owner of the latter, put i£U00 on him. The Handicap Hurdle Haee proved a soft thing for The Dove, 9st 121b, ridden by Barbour. The .winner is a fiveyear old gelding by Hamlet, hailing from tho Western District, which has provided us with so many hurdle-racers and steeple chasers. Mr. H. Oxenhauv's chestnut golding Handover, list 41b, ran second, and though ho came with a great run at the finish, he hadn't a ghost of a show against the winner, who promises to turn out a clinker. Colleen Juna, by Gloriou3, was returned tho winner of the Disposal Stakes, and. was afterwards bonght in by his owner, Mr.' W. J. Buck (of boxing fame), for £S-o. The lost event of the day, the Mentone Handicap, rosulted in a dead heat between Occident 7st 31b, and Mastor Walter 7st tilb, the latter winning the run off. Mr. John Wliittingham, owner of Propounder, Prattler, Spokes man, &c;, gave £215 for Master Walter in May, and tho ex- Queenslander has won for his new owner at the first time of ask ing. The son of Newbold has 7st in the Caulfield Cup; for which he is very often nibbled at at a long price. Maggie filled third pla-iB to the dead-heaters. Knight of the Garter hns incurred a 101b penalty in the Grand National Hurdle Eace, and Knight has a similar penalty in the Grand National Steeplechase. The Governor patronised the Bondigo meeting last week. The principal event, tho Handicap Steoplechase, fell to King Tom II, 9st 111b, who was ridden by the English (or rather Irish) jockey Brazil, and His Excellency afterwards compli mented Brazil on his plucky riding. Lady 'Wilde was returned the winner of the Handicap Hurdle Eace, and Mastor Jack (by The Diver) was successful in the Selling Hurdle Eaco. Approbation continued in a winning vein, and the Selling Eace fell to him, whilo Forest King (by First King} appropriated the Winter Handicap. Tho V.A.T.C. stewards at a meeting to day (Monday) decided that in future horses must not be trained over the Steeplechase course proper at Caulfield, as Lioree3 using that course have advantage over animals trained at ether places.' The schooling fences only may be used in future. Football. A cold, biting wind, accompanied by drizzling rain, which blew on Saturday afternoon, made things anything but comfortable for tho spectators at the various football matches, but the players themselves didn't seem to mind it. Chief interest centred in the meet ing of the Geelong and Fitzroy. Tho latter club have been playing very consistently, but their best friends hardly thought them capable of putting down Goeloug; but they did, and that pretty easily, the final result being Fitzroy 5 goals 6 behinds, Geolong 3 goals 0 behinds. Tho Geelong boys were at one time looked upon as ' dead birds ' for the Premiership, but they appear to be out of tho running altogether now, having lost three matches out of seven. South Melbourne and Essendon have eaoh played ton matches, the former only having a draw (representing two points) against tbem, and the iormcr a defeat and a draw (representing six points). Carlton are only two point3 behind Essondon, having won seven out of nino matches, while Fitzroy are two points belling Carlton. The other matches on Saturday resulted : Essendon beat Port Melbourne by 9 gquls to 1 goal, Carlton beat Eiehmond by '8 goals to 2 goals, Mel bourne beat North Melbourne by 9 goals to 2 goals, South Melbourne beat Footspray by 4 goals to 1 goal. . St. Kilda beat Wil liamstown by 3 goals to 1 goal. The big match of the season, that botween Carlton aud South Melbourne, will tako place on Saturday next on .the Mel bourne Crickot Ground. If the weather be fine there will be close on 30,000 people present to witness it. . I fanco Carlton will win. .??',?. Golf. ' The newly-introduced Scotch game, golf, has caught on wonderfully in Melbourne, a large number of influential people taking an intorost in it. The game is simple enough. Small holes about 4in deep aro made on a snitable stretch-of turf at intervals of from 100yds to 5(X)ida, and the objoot of the player ill to drive a small gutta-percha ball from one hole to anothor with a olub. The player who succeeds in holing bis ball in the fewest number of strokes is the winner.. Tho formal opening of the recently forniod local olub took plaoe on Saturday on a. suitable pieoe of ground at Caulfield,' lent by Sir Matthew Davies, the Speaker of the Legislative As sembly. A successful luncheon, at whioh congratulatory speeohes wore made, waa hold before the commencement of play. The various games ' during th.o ' afternoon wera watchod by a larfo crowd of p»*')le. 