TOPICS OF THE DAY. The Orient liner Lusitanla is from London fitb December ; Plymouth, Oth ; Gibraltar, 10th ; Naples, ICth ; Port Said, 19th ; Suez, 20th ; Albany, 10th Jauuary, and Adelaide, 15th. There are & few passengers for Melbourne In the saloon, nnd 40 iu other classes. For Sydney thero aro 42 in the second ami third cabins. Tho voyage has been a most pleasant ono, fine weather having prevailed almost entirely throughout the passace. From 7th January to thu Oth a strong southeasterly gale, with heavy head sea, was met with, causiug tho ship to pitch very mufli, and largo volumes of water was taken over forward. Again, after leaving Albany, fresh strong southeast winds ami a heavy south-west swell was encountered til! Capo Ilorda was passed. One of the boatswains of the steamer named J. Mullins died from pneumonia during tho possugo on Christmas Eve. The health of tlio fMuuciigois throughout has been good. CliristiuaH and Now Year's Bays weru kept tip on board iu tho old English stylo. Tiio last day of the old year was celebrated hy tbo first and second class psHsangcrs joining iu a dance. A fancy dress ball was also indulged in, and tho usual sports, cricket matches, etc., woro carried out most successfully. Tho steamer Is still commanded by Captain H. E. lnskip, and Mr E. Morgan remains as purser. Ono of the workmen employed at the new bridge in course of erection at tlio Dover street crossing, Newnmrkot, bad a narrow escape from serious, if not fatal, injuries this morning. The person referred to was sitting on a - plank suspended across tho rails, and banging from tho bridgo. Thu mixed train from Seymour camo round tho curvo from Ascot Vale id a pretty good rate of speed, and tho top of tho funnel of tho cugiuo knocked tho plunk living from tho ropes which held it. Tho man, fortunately, instiiiotivcly clutched hold of tlio lower portion of tho bridgo, and drew his legs up frum tlio plank just, as it was struck from beneath him, and was there loit banging. With tho aasistnnco of a couple ot his mates ho was lundod on lop of the structure no worso for tlio misadventure titan a shook to his nerves. Tho fuunol of tho oiigiuo was slightly dented in. Tho Lady Loch, which has been absent during tlio last two days in tho bay tilling tlio gus buoys, landing stores, utc., returned to Williiunstown thin morning. The Com- missioner oi iusioms, lur iangruigc, who, with tho secretary of ocpurtinout, Mr Musgrovo, ami Captain Ander son, tho office? iu cliargo of piers nnd jotties, was a passenger by tlio Lady Loch, took tho opportunity of noting tho condition of tho piers at Mordialloc, Frank- ston, Mornington, Dromana, Sorrento, and QuoenBclitT, and notes wore taken of a num ber of requirements at tho various spots visited during tho trip. The party, which wnsa very pleasant ono, returned to town this tnornine shortly after () o'clock. Amongst other places visited woro tlio rising watering places, Clifton Springs and BellurinuGardens, and tlio lecture ou chalybeatus delivered at Clifton Springs by a high official who formed ono of tho party ia said to havo boon n great scientific treat. Tho lecture, whiuli was exceedingly exhaustive, is to bo brought nnder tho notice of tho Royal Society, nnd " Musarovo on Mag nesia" will bccotnb a standard suicutilio text book. It will be remembered that somo six weeks ago a little boy, tho son of Mr Smith, Bridgo road, Richmond, was taken ill, after eating some confectionery, called "jap." It was supposed at tho timo that his illness aroso through eating tho lollies, and hu has since died. At yesterday's meeting of tho Council, tho billowing letter was rccolvod from Mr Hyrinoy Gibbon, Government analyst " I havo oxamlnad two samples of confection (submitted to mo by Mr Mitcholl), which wero supposed to bo oonuooted with a cosa of illness. I examined them separately throughout, and although thoy proved to bo alike In compo sition they differed in coloring material— unalyno dyes— which wero tha Injurious properties, If any existed. 1 havo supplied tho inspector with intorim information, and havo now to report to tlio Council that 1 do uot think cither of them contained any torpio fnatterorinjuriousproporty. 1'ortiona have been consumed under tny observation without any bad results. An ordinary meeting of tho Molboarno City Counoil wlU bo held on Monday aiter- nooa next. The business-paper is a lengthy one, but no Items of spccfalintcrcst uro in cluded in tho list. About fi o'clock last ovening, all tho irlsonors In tbo Melbourne Gaol— malo and ornate — woro aubjeotod to a rigorous search in the presonco ot tho Governor of tho Gaol, Colonel Bull, and all tho ofllolols. This search was mado Iti consequence of somo strictures which havo recently appeared in The Herald respecting tho manner pri soners In Tonal institutions concoal articles and noes them out of tho prisons. Tho search resulted in tlio discovery of a small quantity of tobacco and a four pipes upou tbo persons ot soma of tho prisonors. A prominent Freemason of tho colony has received a letter which shows tiiat the con dition of tlio craft, In New Zealand Is some what mixed. Up to recently only tlio three original constitutions, English, Irish' and Scotch, existed ; hut, followiug upon tho precedent of tho Masons in tide colony and those of Now South Wales and South Aus tralia, a Now Zouland Grand- Lodge was formod, and Lord Onslow, tho Governor of the island colony, was asked to become Grand Muter of it, He, however, relustd, as several of tho English, IrishandScotchLodgcs held aloof and refused to join it. Then Sir. Robert .Stout, to add to tho difficulty, in augurated a lodeo by charter under tlio Grand Orient of Franco, nnd following upon this camo a refusal hy tho Grand Master of tho Scottish Constitution to recognise tlio Now Zealand Grand Lodge. Endeavors aro now being made to settle tho difficulty by tlic establishment ofa United Grand Lodge of New Zealand Freemasons, and nro likoly to ho successful. The process of burning the rcfuso of South Melbourne in tho new destructor, on tlio south bank of tho Yarra, woe commenced yesterday, and tho works aro now in fall swing. Of the twelve furnaces, or cells, eight aro kept going for sixteen hours per day, nnu tho quantity of refuse destroyed is at the rato of three and a half loads per cell per hour. The mon are working in shifts of eight hours, and during Sundays no work will bo pormittcd. Tho tires will bo banked up with an extra supply of refuse about 10 p.m. on Saturdays, and at 6 a.m. on Mondays work will bo again resumed. There are about 180 loads of reTuso to bo disposed of wcokly, but, if accessary, tiio destructor is capable of burning 360 tons per week of six days of 24 hours perdicm. Thecindcrs aro removed ovory six hours, and before leaving tho destructor the funics aro thoroughly cremated in passing over coko fnrnsccs, so that no had smelts can bo detected in the neighborhood. Tho results so far arc looked upon as natisfactorv. Tho public works committee of tho Council have now decided to ploco an iron building over tho destructor at a cost of about L300. Myrtlo Webster, tho unfortuuato young woman who attomptcd to commit suicido by taking a mixture of bclladonua and Coitdy's fluid in her bedroom at Kosyln House, Lonsdale street, last week, was broucht up at the City Court to-day and discharged, at the request of Inspector Grey. She appeared ' to feel her position keenly, and left thu conrt wocping bitterly. Detective Fryer is desirous that cither tho manager or some memlwr of tho firm of Levy Brothers, - Lonsdalo street, should communicate with him, nt tho Dctcctivo Office, soon as pouiblc. Upou tho man Complin, who was arrested yesterday by Fryer for false pretences, somo 40 pawn tickets were found for various articles of jewellery, Ac. No less than nino gold albert chains, double-barrelled gun, Ac., wero plcdccd. Comnlin is said to have been in tho service of Messrs Levy Brothers somu timo sinco, and Fryer suspects thut possibly somo of tito articles pledged cumu from tho establishment of that firm. A meeting of Footscray residents was hold at Shepherd's Rooms last night to tako steps to form s building society on tho Starr- Bowkctt basis. Mr T. Owen was voted to the chair, Mr E. W. Carey being mado pro tcm secretary. There was a good atten dance. Tlio chairman, who has iiad cousiderablo experience in connection with tho Sunny South and Yarra Yarra societies, explained various apparent intricacies iu connection with the formation ut consider able Icuglh, and also replied to a largo number of questions. Tlio operations of the society will be raada to extend over Essen- doc, Flcniington, North Melbourne, Foots cray, Braybrook, Yorravillo and Williams- town. 1 he total number of shares on offer are 5000 at Is, no ono shareholder Ixmjg al lowed to tako moro than 10. 500 havo been subscribed for. Messrs T. Owen, K. Bolton, A. If. Fordo and K. W. Dcrncr were elected provisional directors ; Mr E. W. Cowcy, secretary, and Mr James Hall, solicitor. A general meeting of shareholders is called for shortly to ratify tho acts of tho I i re sent directory. Tho now society will bo mown as the Northern Suburbs Starr- Bowkett Sooiuty. Owing to tho large increase in court work in tlio Nnunwiuliug dtBtrict, tho Minister of Juittieo has notified that In future the Box Hill Police Court will sit weekly instead of merely on lio first and third Friday ou ovcry mouth as hitherto. A special general mooting of tho members of the Melbourne Athlotic Club was held last night. Mr W. Power was iu tho chair. Several alterations wero mode in tho con stitution of tho club. Ono of these is to admit activo or gymnasium worn- Iwrs at a reduced fee. Hy this means it is hoped to widely extend tho gym nastic infiucuco oi tho club. It was ox- filabied that tho " activo " lucndjeru' privl cgcs would not trench on those of tho ordinary clubs member, lint would bo restricted to thu gymnasium except on such occasions and terms mi would . approved hy tho fVmumUec. Thoso will bo advcrUsotl In our columns in a few days. Another important now feature in tho luvying on members on tho occasion of iqwcial entertainments whore largo pursos aro voted. Tills proposition was ummlmously acccntod. It was reported that a chango had Won mado iu Iho management of tho Club, 1'rof. Millor now being manager uud Mr H. Atkinson secretary. It is proposed to push on tlio affairs of thn Club vigorously, both iu gymnastics and box ing. In tlio former branch, a handbomo trophy is to ho given for singlo- stick (ixerclso among tiio naval and military branches of tlio Dofenco Force, whiio iu boxing a match has been already mado for tho Kith February ho- tween Herbert Goddard (brothor to tho champion) nnd Owen Sullivan, who recently boxed H. Lnhig, tho New Zoalauil champion, whilo others equally Im portant arc iu courso of arrnngumcnt. Tiio managing committoo ask tlint tlio names of tho outside pubiio who wish to hccotno activo that is gymnastic, members of tho club, may ho 'sent on at onco to l'mfc-wor Miller, nt tho club's rooms, wiinru tho manager can bo found between 1 ami 2 each day to givo every information. It may ho added that lads over 15 can bo udinittcd to tiio classes. In connection with tho Ghost, or Sun Danco, wldcii tho Indinus are now perform ing, Miss M. C. Collins, a missionary of tha American Missionary Association, stationed nt Grand River, Dak., wrclo a letter to tlio Board, dated 15th November in which film says "I havo been lip to Sitting Bull's and tlio danco is iu full blast. It is a most terrible thing— tho old mm dauco with a now name. They danco facing tlio sim as long as possible, , nnd fall down, moan, groan and whoop, and foam at tlio mouth liko mad dogs. Tltoy do not yet cut tlio bodies, but that will Bonn como. Tho men all dress in war dress nnd paint nnd fcuthcrs, nnd tho women also tako part and painb and wear feathors, which is a new feature. Indian women, as a rule, novcr wear feathers, Sitting Bull stayed in a sacred tent, and every ono entering tlio dnucc for tiio first timo went into tho tent to bo mado ' wakan.' Thoy woro painted with crescents on tlio forclicad, cheeks and chin, and a cross on tho nose. I went into tho tent and talked witli tlio old man. Ho nascutcd to every thing, but promised nothing. Ho means war." A highly interesting and attractive addi tion was mado to Dr. Carver's Wild West Show in tho Friendly Societies' Gordons yes- torday afternoon, in tha shape of an exhibi tion of buokiumpcr riding by somo Australian riders who know bow to grip tho pigskin. Tho word "contest" Is scarcely applic able, fur the "nature of tho beast" in a buckjumpcr Is an " unknown quantity " until ho begins his performances, so that a man is not prepared for tho vagaries of tho animal that tnay bo allotted to him. Tho show, howover, was nil tho moro exciting to tho spectators, who manifested both interest and amuscmont throughout tho strugglo. It was apparent that tho Australians hod tho stlffcat mounts, an iron gray and a bay principally distinguishing thomaolvea, the latter being that vory ticklish creation known as a side-backor. Both ware riddon admirably tn tho ordinary saddle, and each rider was loudly applauded. Tho " cowboys)" too, hold thoir own gallantly, one especially, riding bore-booked, and atcogotuor (lie show is tho most attraotlvo of its kiud yet seen In Melboumo. Tho full programme was gone through notwithstand ing that tbo buckjcmplng exhibition took more than tha usual timo. Tho same pro- grammo is announced for to-day. Tho Bay Excursion Company announco that tho 1\S. Oznno will run to QuoonscliQ auil Sorrento to- morrow (Saturday), starting at 2 p.m. On Sunday sho will loavo at 11.10 o.m. for Scbnanper Point, Dromana and Sorrento, to widen places she will also run on Tuesday next, but on Monday, Wodnos- nay and Friday sho will proceed to Quoonscliff ana Sorrento only. On Thursday tho Ozono will bo , laid up. These arrangements will bo followed on alternsto weeks, tho B&ilings; for the other weeks boino as follows i— Satur days, Mondays and Wednesday, Sobnapper Point, Dromana and Sorrento ; Sundays. Tuesdays and Thursdays, QuseasoHff and Sorrento. Fridays in theso wcoks will bo thoOzonc'i lay-up days. It is also notified that tlio Ozono will continuo to run early trips on alternate Mondays with tho steamer Hygcin, which ves sel's sailing arrangmont will also bo under tha same system as tho Ozone's, thus on tho days on which tho Ozono proceeds to Schtianpcc Point, Dromana anu Sorrento, tho liygcia will run to Quccnscliif and Sorrcuto and vlco versa. Under this now titr.o-Ublo tho rciiidcnU on tho eastern side of tho Bay will no longer havo causo to com plain of insufficient steamer communication with tho city. Tho Crows Club gave the old folks at tho Benevolent Asylum a really first-claw cuter- tainmcnt last evening. Tho programme consisted of a minstrel first part, a miscel laneous second part, and a really laugbablo farce, called Tho Haunted Hotel, coucludod tlis whole. The following members contri buted : — G. Hoot, C. Root, \V. Love, A. Jt. Bernstein, J. Brookes, D. C. Isaacs, Kerr, lfaddcrstcy, Parsons, Roberts, Gill, aud a clever dwurf, General Armstrong. A vote of thanks was accorded to tho mombors of tho Club, on the motion of Mr B. tjhupson ; and Mr Stoblc, the president of tho institu tion, received a similar compliment for hU kindness In leading the " properties," stage, pinno.etc., to tlio clever amateurs. From Mr M. L. Hutchinson wo havo re ceived a cony of a the authorised translation of a pamphlet by I'lofouorKoch, containing " Further communications on a Remedy for Tuberculosis." Wc havo l«cn requested to notify that to morrow the 12.15 )i.in. train to .Sandhurst will start from tho cast sido ot the WiUiains- town platform, Spencer street. No, says " Vanity Fair," tho Man of Blood and Iron Iioh not gone into tho circus business. Yet if any newspaper readers havo fallen into the error of supposing that ho has, tho blunder may bo excused ; for ono sees that " a despatch received from Bismarck states that Buffalo Bill has bceu authorised 'by General Miles to 'arrest tho disaffected chief, Sitting Bull, and convey him to the nearest military post." Tho Bismarck referred to happens to bo a town Iu Dakota,, 