or, The Golden Thread of Love, 1 w CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued),- " Because she was too young, too much of a child, fully to realise what she was doing. I should have givon her moro time to reflect — it was all my fault." Signora Mivala made no answer; she was thinking. " And I," she said, after a short in terval of silence ; " what is it that you wish me to do, Mr. Lindsay?" " Your influence with Edith is very great, Signora Mivala, and if you could talk with her, as you women know how to talk — if you could in any way ascertain the mystery of her Changed behavior, or learn whether her heart is really estranged from me beyond the possibility of recall " which deems that the roses of spring time never sh'all fade ; youth, which is impatient of the least ripple in the serene tide of its perfect bliss. But with two hearts as true and noble as his 'and hers, the shadow cannot but bo temporary." " Be easy, my friend," said Signora Mivala, with the soft shadow of pity ing tenderness in her eyes., "I will do my best for you, and for herself as well. I will see Edith this very day, and before the sun is down I hope to convince you how idle and foundation- less aro all your fears and conjectures." Lionel wrung the soft, friendly hand she extended to him. " If you can do that, Signora Mivala, I shall value your friendship as the most priceless gift of my lifetime. And when will you come to our hotel?" " I don't know ; I can't exactly tell yet ; but it will be some time in the course of the day. Edith is well, you toll me ? " " No — not exactly well. She looked pale as a ghost when I left her this morning.'' " Poor child ! " said Signora Mivala, tenderly, " Well, it will not be long before I shall see her." After Mr. Lindsay had taken his leave, Signora Mivala sat- for, some time musing over the recital he had given her. ' " It is the old, old story," she said to herself, with a sad smile ; " love, Rising, she rang the bell. It was answered by her maid — a middle-aged, substantial-looking woman, very differ ent from the butterfly-like Colestine. " Maria," she said, " order the car riage at once, and attend me in. my room. I am going out." " So early, madame." ''Yes, so early." And the clock was striking 12 as Signora Mivala's carriage rolled away irom nor door; for her hearc was in her task, and she fcit that she could not rest until it was completed. As the light little equipage whirled through the streets, Signora Mivala chanced to look up at a street corner, where a little crowd had collected round the caricatures in a shop-window, and in the midst of the petty con course, one face looked out at her — the face of a middle-aged man. Their eyes met — those of the high bred lady in her satin-lined barouche, and the lounging pariah of the streets — and h6 lifted his hat from his brows, and bowed low, with mock courtesy. She sat, silent and pale, as if she had suddenly ' been transformed to stone, and noticed his recognition neither by word nor look. " Drivo faster," she said to the coachman, in a voice so husky an un- natural that the man turned round to look at her in surprise. " You arecreep- ing like a snail through the streets. Drive faster, I say." And then, as the servant quickened the speed of his horses, she called out onee more — " Home !" " I thought, madame " . "No matter what you thought, Home, I say." And, as the horses' heads were turned, and they Were speeding along through the sun-lit beauty of the streets, Signora Mivala sank back among the cushions, pale and breath less. " I can go nowhere noiv," she mur mured, unoonscious that the words had passed her lips. Meanwhile, tho man at the street corner had looked keenly after the car riage-wheels. " A fine turn-out," he said to a fel low-lounger. . " Now, I wonder whose it may be !" ."The dark-blue one, with the black horses ? Humph !" ejaculated the other, " tiiab is the carriage of the Signora Mivala." " The Signora Mivala !" repeated the man, slowly ; " the Signora Mivala. A pretty name- and a pretty, carriage. Well, well, ' it's a fine thing to be rich." : . chapter' xxl : who is my mother? 'Edith Lindsay had experienced an involuntary sensation of relief when she saw her husband go out, directly their silent and unsocial breakfast was concluded ; for she knew that Eilippo's hateful presence might be forced on her at almost any hour, and she felt that she had neither strength nor spirit for the plots and counterplots necessary to conceal his visit from her husband, whose suspicions were already awak ened in no common degree. But tho morning hours went by, and still Eilippo did nob come. " I cannot wage ' this unequal war with circumstances much longer,"' she thought wearily, as she sab in her boudoir at about 2 o'clock,, waiting for Celestine.to announce tho presence of tho wily Italian. . " Liopel lias ceased to caro for me, nor do I wonder at it. I am sick and weary of myself and this ever-widening network of lies and subterfuges. I can even see that my beauty is beginning to fade — the beauty which won his heart so brief a while ago. Yes, it would have been better if we' had never met, and some times I am wicked enough to feel that it might be better if wc should never meet again. Bub what am I thinking about?" and Edith checked herself with a shudder, as Colestine, the French maid, noiselessly opened the door. " Filippo Bucarelli is here, madame." " Very well, Celestine. lleraaininthe ante-chamber, and see that no 'one enters to disturb us." ' Celestine withdrew, and the next instant Filippo entered the room. '.'I hopo I behold madame this morn ing in the enjoyment of health," was his smooth greeting ; but Edith paid no attention to it. ' " Filippo," she said, speaking in' the even, monotonous way of one who recites a' Well-conned lesson, "I liave bub £500 for you this morning.: I tried my best to get the whole sum you named, but I could not. . It was impossible.'' " Monsieur, your . husband, per haps — " " I asked him for it, Filippo, and he refused it." It was with a feeling of unutterable humiliation that she spoke 'those words. Had she then fallen so low that she must confess to this foreign adventurer how little influence she had left with her husband ? Filippo contracted his forehead until the black brows seemed to meet over his eyes. " I asked you for a thousand pounds, madame." . "I know it, and I have told you why I lmvo but five hundred. Take it, Filippo, and be gone, or do your worst." Her tone of despairing apathy warned the villain that lie could' not go further in his extortions with safety. " Bene !" he ejaculated, stroking his chin ; " if madame really could do no better for one who is faithful to tho interests of her family" — and ho took the folded note she had laid upon the malachite stand. " Of my family ! " she repeated, bitterly. "Yes, madame, of the race of De Boissy. Would I keep this secret, think you, if it concerned any but your mother? I may be a poor man, madame — despised by many, yourself amongst the number — but I have, notwithstanding, a conscience; and tho De Boissys were my masters long before.you were born." " Do any of them still live ? " asked Edith, listlessly. " Alas, no ; except wo talk of your mother." 'Filippo, ' Edith said, turning | her Heavy eyes, surrounded by dark rings, which denoted tho mental distress she had gone through during the last few days, towards him, and speaking witli sudden, imperative em phasis, " who is my mother ? I will know !" Flippo smiled. "Well, madame, there is no reason why you should not know now. Yes terday I could nob have told you who she was ; now I can- toll you who she is. It's a pretty name — a high-bred name — a name, they tell me, that stands high in the lists of fashion in this city of London. Ah, I see you are impatient, and, perhaps, with reason. Your mother, lady — and he lowered his voice, as Edith bent for ward, with pallid cheeks and eyes of wild, sickening fear, rather . than ex pectation — " is Signora Mivala 1" Edith uttered a low, stifled cry. " Signora Mivala ? Impossible !" "Nob only possible, madame, but true," nonchalantly answered Eilippo. "Ah, you may well look sur prised i But tho De Boissys have gay hearts and bold onos. A murder more or less on their consciences signifies bjit little ; and, my faith, tho lady . holds her head high ! She lias managed to evade 1 ine skilfully all these years;;, but I know ;1 should find her oat at last." " Signora Mivala is my mother !" slowly repeated Edith, as if the full significance of the words had not yet penetrated to her brain. ; " Signora Mivala is your mother, and the murderess of Gustavo dov Boissy !" said Filippo. " And I had learned to love her sol" broke from Edith's parched lips. " Is it thus ?" questioned the Italian, with foreign sentimentality. " Truly, the instincts of nature are marvellous ! You could never have dreamed that hers was the life whence your own sprung ; and yet " Editli shuddered, and motioned him to desist. " Does she know that that ' "That you are her child? No, madame ; it is no part of my plan that she should have tho rapture of folding a recovered daughter to her heart — a child whom she has long mourned as dead !" "She will never do that, in any event " said Edith, with an involun tary tightening of her hands within each other. Filippo observed her with a smile. "Madame shares my sentiments," he said, cruelly exultant. " I . knew from the first that there was no necessity for enjoining upon madame the slightest secrecy." "Filippo,' said Edith, angrily, "I depise myself more than I can tell for having one thought or sensa tion in common with you ; but it is too. much for my endurance to be taunted with it. Oh, if it had.been any one but her ! Leave me now, Filippo ; you have remained hero long enough — too long !" I' Madame is ill ?" said the Italian looking inquiringly at her deadly palo face and drooping eyelids. " Shall I call madame's maid ?" "No, call no one — only leave me. I must bo alone !" TO -DE CONTINUED. 