CONVICT DAYS IN VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. TRUE CHRONICLES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED No..6. THE GHOSTT OF DEADMANS ISLE It has been said that British history is enshrined in Westminster Abbey and Saint Pauls. The great men, who sleep beneath their marble tablets in these venerable structures, are intellectual stepping stones, which lead the student along the road of knowledge. A burial ground, under any circumstances -whether in the twilight gloom of Gothic architecture, or under the tropical sun in illimitable deserts-must always possess a history more or less important. What strange and pathetically true stories could be written of almost any cemetery, but there are some that stand out, Mont Blanc-like, above the common-place God's Acres in the interest which attaches to them. One of such is Deadman's Isle-the cemetery of Port Arthur prison. The small isle is appropriately named, and the beauty of the spot could not be surpassed anywhere in the world. It floats like an oasis in Port Arthur, a short distance from the shore. All around the giant cliffs seem to guard it, and break the irresistible fury of the frequently storm-tossed Southern Ocean. Standing on the beach of Port Arthur, with the great prison frowning behind him, the spectator cannot help ' contrasting the emerald gem, with its beauty and peace, with the rugged aspect of both nature and humanity at his back. Since 1831 Dleadman'a Isle has been the prison burial place, and many strange chapters could be written, regarding those who have there found their last resting place on earth. The grave has closed over many a human tiger, and instances are not wanting where innocent men have met a felon's ignominious end, and been laid on the islet, it is a convict Westminster Abbey, and though one has to read a life's history by a number, and not by a name, the prison records are ample to do so During the latter half of 1834, this island cemetery, then boasting of very few mounds indeed, was the scene of a weird event, and one which for six months fairly puzzled the convict authorities at Hobart Town and Port Arthur. Under the title of the Ghost of Deadman's Isle, this extraordinary chronicle will be told. On the 13th of March, 1810, at the Leed's assizes, a man, who gave his name as Robert Penfold, and his age as thirty-five, was charged with inciting a mutiny on the high seas. He had been an able seaman, and possessed great influence over his ship mates. The vessel he was on board was ostensibly a small merchantman, but in reality it was chiefly engaged in smuggling spirits, tobacco and various other articles from France and Holland to England. The captain was a bounceable ruffian, and though he was amassing a fortune by his illicit practices, the seamen, who ran most risk, got little for their trouble. Penfold was particularly obnoxious to the skipper, but as he was able to read and write (qualifications not to be despised in the beginning of the century), and was also a good seaman, Captain Tremayne used him in his various transactions, and concealed his dislike. The men were no lovers of the captain, and at last they decided to put him ashore on a return voyage and ran away with the lugger. Penfold to be leader. Treachery discovered the plot to Tremayne, and he speedily denounced, Penfold to the authorities. By a judicious system of presents to influential people around Hull, the captain had for years succeeded in quietly carrying on his smuggling operations, and this influence stood him in good deed when the trial of Penfold came off. The wily skipper had got most of the crew on his side, by insisting that Penfold alone was responsible for the intended mutiny, and three of them gave evidence against him. The result of the trial was that the sailor was sentenced to transportation to Van Dieman's Land "for the term of his natural life." In the beginning of 1811 he reached Risdon (Hobart Town afterwards), and started his hopeless servitude. For a weary eighteen years he worked in misery at the convict settlement, but on the morning of the 22nd of April, 1829, he was found to be missing. No one had the slightest idea of how he escaped, but treachery. was suspected, as, without help from an official, it was impossible that the " lifer " could have got away in so mysterious a manner. The gaol employees were most carefully examined, but no blame could be brought home to them. The usual routine of the penal station had been slightly disturbed a week previously, by the arrival of a convict ship with a large number of transportees, and this fact must have aided Penfold in his escape. The usual perfunctory search was made for him, but without success, and as time rolled on and he did not return to IIobart Town, it was generally concluded that he had perished in the inhospitable forests, in which he would seek shelter from his pursuers. Some few persons thought that Penfold might have escaped by sea in a friendly whaler, but, dead or alive, he was not again seen at Hobort Town, and he was gradually forgotten, and another felon took his number, The growing population of free people in Hobart Town suggested the necessity of removing the convict prison, and Governor Arthur, shortly after the escape of Penfold, took steps to do so, selecting Tasman's Peninsula as the most suitable place to erect the new gaol of Port Arthur. The construction of such an extensive prison occupied a considerable time, but at the end of 1833 it was ready for occupation, and henceforward was the great convict centre of Van Dieman's Land. The mortality amongst the prisoners from ordinary sickness was very high, and with the executions and the ordinary death rate of the guards, the cemetery of Deadman'a Isle was speedily put into use. The islet had been frequently visited by excursionists from Hobart Town and others, so that the prison authorities regarded it as a matter of course that it should not appear as an uninhabited island. Almost daily the prison officials visited the place, and the establishment of the gaol on the peninsula had the effect of bringing a greatly increased passenger traffic to Port Arthur. A daily service between it and Hobart Town was instituted, but now that the lovely islet had been set apart for burial purposes few persons landed on it, unless they had business to perform. Cemeteries are not the most cheerful places, and when one gets the reputation of being haunted, when it is broadly stated that one or more of the defunct residents in the Silent City have taken a notion to "walk," it is still more avoided. During the month of September, 1831, such an awesome reputation was beginning to at- tach itself to Deadman's Isle. It was whis- pered around that a ghost had been seen there, and superstitious people shook their heads in a knowing manner, as they asked was it any wonder that such a dread spot should be haunted. Already thirteen graves were on the isle, of which eleven were those of murderers, who had been hanged for their crimes, and one of the remaining three was that of the blackest villian who had ever been formed in the shape of man. He was burglar, murderer and cannibal, but he had escaped the gallows by dying by his own hand. It must be this suicide (Engelhardt), whose unquiet spirit wandered occasionally on the mortuary island, so thought many of those who believed in the supernatural. The first rumor that a spirit had its abode on the islet, was started by a queer circumstance that happened on the evening of the 5th September. It appears that Corporal Heffernan, with three privates, went to the cemetery on that date for the purpose of digging a grave, as an execution was to take place next morning. It was a mere whim of the party to dig the grave at night. It was a bright moonlight evening, and the corporal fancied that it would be more pleasant to do the work under the beams of the moon than to wait for the rising sun, and he obtained permission to carry out his wish. The spot where they had to dig the tomb of a then living man was on the south-east side of the isle, and alone to the beach. This was the most exposed part, and the unceasing action of the ocean had worn the cliffs into strange and fantastic shapes. The four men began their work with many a cruel jest regarding it, and the ultimate fate of the death-doomed man, for whom it was intended, when Heffernan, who was standing with a shovel in his hand, suddenly uttered a stilled exclamation of terrified surprise, as he pointed, with outstretched arms, in the direction of the rock close to them. His companions' gaze followed the direction he pointed, and there in front of them, standing apparently on the edge of the cliff, was the clearly outlined figure of a man, but not such a man as any the corporal and his comrades knew. He must surely belong to a prehistoric day. To that time when the Bible says " there were giants in those days," for he appeared to them as the Brobdignag did to Gulliver. This must be a human monster they looked on, for it was, at least, thirty feet high, and gigantic in proportion. Heffernan was as brave as most men-indeed, braver than most, for he was considered the dare-devil of his regiment-but this colossal apparition altogether unnerved him. For the life of him he could not take his eyes away from the figure, but as he and the soldiers looked it seemed gradually to become fainter and fainter, and at last it vanished completely. "Merciful God," said the corporal, as he wiped the perspiration from his face, " that was nothing mortal. I could see the stars shining through its body." " So did I. Hadn't we better get back. I'm not fit to work to-night," answered a soldier. They were all of the same mind in that respect, for an Irishman is peculiarly susceptible to superstitious fear. He will charge a battery of artillery, or traverse wild and unknown regions, but ask him to stay a night in a haunted house, and he will refuse in terror. Heffernan and his comrades, with many a frightened glance backward, soon reached their boat, and were speedily at the gaol, where they told of their strange a Next morning they accompanied the superintendent to the spot where they had seen the apparition, but there was not the least sign to show that either a material or an etherial body had been there. In fact, if Heffernan had observed what he stated, it must have been a phantom, for no human being could have stood in such a place, as it was simply a precipice where the cliffs had been rent, or worn in twain. The soldiers were badly rallied by their comrades on their faculty of second sight, but all the jokes they listened to did not shake their belief that a ghost had shown itself to them. Eight days afterwards their story received a strong corroboration, which caused the authorities to take steps to elucidate the mystery. On the 13th of September, Lieutenant French, with two other sub-officers, went out in a boat from Port Arthur to fish. The afternoon was remarkably fine, and as they met with luck, they did not take notice of the flight of time. It was after midnight as they rowed into Port Arthur, and as they floated under the shadow of Deadman's Isle they decided to "make a night of it." by continuing their piscatory pursuit. They stopped almost under the shadow of the south-eastern cliffs, and continued their fish ing. The moon had only risen half-an-hour previously, but it was already throwing a soft light around. The night wan unusually light, phospherised by the myriads of fish which were darting about. Lieutenant French was looking, in a sleepy way, at the shafts of greenish light that the motion of the fish produced, when, happening to raise his eyes to the tinted clilff, he was startled to see the gigantic figure that had so frightened Corporal Heffernan and his companions eight days before. It was undoubtedly the form of a man, but undeniably not material, for objects could be seen clearly through it. The three officers looked at it in bewildered wonderment, and each saw it distinctly, so that it could not be the result of disordered imagination. French, though awestruck, was not superstitious, and, whispering to his companions, he seized an oar, and pulled towards the cliff to obtain a better view. The figure remained motionless as they approached, and the lieutenant was able to see that a long beard fell from its chin. The dress, as well as he could judge, was the same as that worn by the ordinary settlers, and the ghost did not appear-if these outward signs might be depended on-to be that of a convict. In fact, the appearance-with long, apparently white, beard, and peculiar-looking clothing--might well have passed as a gigantic Druid priest; and the surrounding caves and chasms and awe- striking precipices would have been a fitting dwelling-place for exponents of that most cruel and mysterious creed that was once the great national religion of the Ancient Britons; and the colossal figure would have been a splendid specimen of one of their highest high priests in his robes of office. As the oficcrs looked, with strained eyes, the phantom gradually receded, and vanished as it had previously done. "There is some mystery here," spoke French, in a low voice. " I don't believe in ghosts, yet that figure must be supernatural. I suppose we will be laughed at, the same as Heffernan and his fellows have been, when we tell what we have seen, but the three of us could not be mistaken, and I will make a full report of it to the uperintendent as soon as we land." "What can it be ?" asked one of his companions, with a slight shiver. "'Ever since I came to this cursed land I have been seeing and hearing enough to make a man's blood run cold. It's bad enough to be attending hangings and floggings nearly every day, but this supernatural mystery is worse than ten years of that work." "I think we ought to make for the - settlement," replied the third officer. " If we stay here, we may have a return of our unwelcome visitant." This was readily agreed to, and within half-an-hour they were admitted to the outer prison-yard, where they saw Corporal Heffernan on duty. They acquainted that personage of the incident that had befallen them, and then the soldier broke the grave silence with the following sage observation "Gentlemen, it's a ghost, sure enough. It's no use saying there ain't no such things. I've heard the Banshee cry myself, and my father (God rest his soul) once saw a ghost in the churchyard of Malahide. It'll continue to wander until it's 'laid,' or until the secret it possesses is found out by some means." " Laid." echoed French. " How can it be 'laid' " It's only a holy man that can do that came, sir," answered the corporal, senten-tiously. The probability of finding a "holy man" at Port Arthur was so very remote, that the lieutenant and his comrades, with a slight smile on their lips at the soldier's credulity, left him for their quarters, feeling that the shade would probably wander for a long time, if Heffernan's panacea was the only one that would quieten the perturbed spirit, and yet the mystery was to be solved in a few days. " Laying the Phantom" will be the title of next week's Convict Chronicles. It will con- tinue the strange mystery of the "Ghost of Deadman'a Isle," and will give some strange and startling revelations of unique charac- ter. 