WUWD HAND *™ FQ0& BY THE AUTHOB OF 'THE MAID OP THE. MARBLE HEART/' &c;, &c; [all bights besebved.J [Commenced in the Eveking News of Saturday, Sept. 26.] PART L '.,:.'? ? CHAPTER XIV. — Face to Face. As Mr. Brinklough sallied forth lie lighted a cigarette, with a jaunty shrug of the shoulder. ' Rather an odd business, but remune rative, eh, Willersler? Shall be as glad as you will to get it over, and wash, my hands of it. Ta, Ta.' When left alone I walked up and down that little room, I cannot tell how many times, perhaps frre hundred, till, at last, it made me dizzy. Tlien I sat down, leaned iny elbows on the table, put my, head down, shut my eyes, and tried to forget where I was. But the picture of the house opposite, and that forlorn flaunting creature coming and going and seeming to wring her hands at me, again drove me into walking tip and down, until (half an hour after Mr. Brinklough's departure) I left the house with a stifling feeling that two hours there would never pass. I also had; a morbid craving to walk past the house that haunted me and look at it again. The rain had ceased ; the brilliant stars ehone piercingly through the blue, cloud strewn sky ; the air was very cold ; and this transition into the liberty of motion, at least, braced my nerves to think. As I walked up and down, past the flaring gaslights, in that quiet, melancholy street, I grew more calm. That house, with the lower window lighted up, grew more familiar and less horrible each time I passed it; and soon the strange inclination beset me to look in under the blind, which I had noticed, on first passing it, did not quite reach, to the ?window- sill. Soon this inclination became resistless. I looked keenly up and down the street. Some iuen were lounging at the door of the ' Masons* Arms,' the so-called hotel I had just left ; and people were passing at the corner. But no ''one at all likely to notice me was near. The blind, dirty and evidently too short for the window, shared the slovenliness with which I now associated everything about Mrs. Wiilersley ; and I expected as I stepped over the miserable bit of grass strewn clay, called a front garden, to see a picture within even more depressing. I half expected to see even.' the sad inmate herself cowering over the fire with a dirty-backed novel (the only kind of book poor Barbara ever read), and that hateful nepenthe she had fetched from the' Masons' Arms.' It was not curiosity that ruled me. It was a morbid, resistless impulse. I ex pected to be made more wretched, more unfitted to- face what I had to face; but I could not resist. The revelation came as a remarkable check to my meditations, and roused in me a strange new activity of wonder and horror. Barbara was indeed there — not cowering over the fire alone ; but seated opposite to Algernon Brinklough, and apparently listening to what he was saying with keen and appreciative interest. Beside her was a cradle, which the wretched mother rocked, mechanically with her foot, without seem ing otherwise to be conscious of its presence. Her eyes were bent on Mr. Brinklough, and once she clasped and un clasped her hands. Brinklough, with his forefingers pressed to each other and talking volubly, was evi dently enforcing, as I had so often, seen, him enforce, some point of argument. This significant action was followed by a relaxation of the brow and an extensive wave of the hands, which implied that every difficulty was thus dismissed, and the suggestion he was making (usually an evil one !) was unanswerable. My faculties under this sickening pan tomime became strained to the utmost. I forgot the invidiousness of my position. When Brinklough's voice stopped I heard low,' half unconscious whines from the cradle — monotonous, methodic notes of drawn-out pain, in harmony, as it seemed, with the intermittent rocking. Now Brinklough cast a look of angry impatience towards . the cradle with a word which I knew was an oath, and leaned back in his chair with feigned in lifference. The mother withdrew her foot from the eradle and rose from her chair. Then the child began to cry in earnest ; tind Mr. Brinklough sprang up, put Ms hands to his ears, walked up and down the room, and looked for a moment almost as bad as he was. . . . He said something to Mrs. Wiilersley, and she bent over the cradle, tried to eoo the the infant for a seconder two, then rose and shook her head wither despondent face. Half a minute later she stooped down again, and rose this time with extreme annoyance on her face. . Stepping to a cupboard she put her hand on the knob of the door, and then turned away again as if in doubt. Mr. Brinklough again put his fingers to his ears, and stamped ;his foot j when she took a bottle and spoon, evidently teo near at hand, and poured ouit some ob noxious anodyne with a misgiving, troubled face. As she raised the little, pinched, puny face from the pillow, and put the red fluid to its eager lips^ the screaming quickly subsided into- its did monotonous 'whining, Now Brinklough took the bottle into his own hands, looked complacently at the drugged infant, already -shrunken into pitiful diminutiveness from that pinching poison, then turned his eyes to the sickly, smiling mother, and laughed. At that moment the child, as if con scious of its evil ally, began to pule plain tively for more. ! Mr. Brinklough put the bottle~into its mother's hands, nodded Ms head, and laughed j and again Bae administered the foul nepenthe, this time witfc-a gesture of Impatience. When she Again ftsatad hernl* oppoiit* to Mr. Brinklough; her i&ce; for a moment looked less languid. She guessed her lips tightly together, as he_r soul doubtless felt the twinge in it& cage -of torture, which that last acfc: had screwed up one pinch tighter. Now Algernon Brinklough addressed himself again-to his case, whatever it -was — this time more vehemently. He had a pocket-book and pencil in J»a hands, and began to write something down, looking persuasively, with a touch of impatience, at Barbara. .' ' ,* . ' But she shook her head sadly, somewhat decisively. - . Then he put the pencil in his pocket, and took out Ms watch, showed it to Barbara, and glanced towards the door. .-, TMs time she did not seem to answer him at all. Then the nastiest of Brink lough's nasty' glances came into his face. I knew it well. He was showing his teeth. He had risen from his chair and ap proached half way to Barbara's. He was j talking fast and loud — bo loud that I could now hear disconnected words. *' Tour brave protector' — -'on the Continent'— '* Frank Le Martin.' I a™ sure, the last word was Frank Le Martin. My ears were too sensitive to that name not to hear it. But its effect on Barbara seemed even more j exciting. Until then, she had been listening, it seemed, indifferently, with her eyes bent on therground. -.- . ... ,. ??.--.-.? Now she raised lifer head, fixed her eyes incredulously on Mr. Brinklough, and then burst into a laugh — a strange laugh, hard, mocking, and free from one note of mirth. ' Mr. Brinklough stared at her, then sneered, and said something in a low voice. Upon this Barbara rose from her chair, the color in her cheeks, and her eyes flashing — flashing as 1 had never seen them, as I did not know they could flash j anger and shame were fusing in her face, and she was point ing to the door. For a moment, Brinklough looked utterly foiled ; then that old, oily, devilish smile came into Ms f aee. He spoke again, in a softer tone. Pressed as my face now was to the window, ^regardless of observation from without or . within, I could hear nothing but the last words, 'riot Frank Le Martin ?' - ' No, no, no !' Barbara almost shrieked, as she again fell back into her chair, and covered her face with her hands. Algernon Brinklough looked at her like a bewildered fiend. Hate and disappoint ment were on; Ms face, and when he with drew his eyes, with one slowly spoken word — a loathsome, blasphemous word I knew it was — they rested, with a blank stare, on the table where Ms hat lay. He was stretching out his hand to take it with slow, surly movements; when he started, and sprang violently to his feet.' I just saw .Barbara also leap from her chair, and nothing more ; for I, too, felt the same shock, and shrank back behind the little bay-window. . The cause of this was a sharp rap at the door. £ . The man — for it was a man j Le Martin, I felt certain — had not seen me. My first impulse, dazed and staggering, and certain of nothing but that Brinklough had again befooled me, was to wait for the- door to open and shut, and then slink away, in the darkness. But I did not do this. As the door opened, almost simultaneously with the rap, and the man entered, acting with out reason, or with only the reason em bodied in instinct, I followed him in. A little wisp of a servant girl, who had doubtless been, listening at the room door, was disappearing at the kitchen. Barbara was in the passage, shaking hands -with Le Martin. .??'.. She had opened the door to him. Her face, as I saw it for a moment before it changed, was covered with confusion. She seemed to be keeping Le Martin where he was by some quick, incoherent inquiries. How Le Martin looked I could not tell ; he had Ms back to me. This transpired in a second ; then there came a shriek, and Barbara's wide, dark eyes, dilated to the utmost,, were riveted on me as if she had seen, a ghost, while she convulsively grasped Le Martin's arm. : He wheeled round with an angry search ing look ; then, recognising me in an instant, Ms face: changed. But how it changed I cannot describe. Bewilderment, excitement, some kind of horror, were there ; but no f«ar, no 'trace of detected guilt. The two were standing close to the door of the little room, whence Barbara had rushed a few seconds ago to intercept Le Martin, and I was not a yard from them. Now, forgetting, I suppose, everything else in her new fright, she flung open the door and rushed in. We stood, all four, face to face; so near, we could have touched each other. Alger non Brinklough was opening the Window. But he was too late. Turning round, with only a little start at my appearance, he leered at us all wjlth .that old, hateful, familiar leer, only just perceptibly varied with, a touch of uneasiness. r Meanwhile, Le Martin and* I had not exchanged a word; we had not been able. Dumb consternation prevailed. Now I managed to stammer out,' Mr. Le Martini' at the same time- — the only very decisive step I ever took in my life — -I shut the door, and put my back to it. For Barbara was geing out. Le Martin Tiow, strange to say, looked at me with a calm, clear face, and actually bowed. ' Mr. 'Willersley,' he said, ' you will expect an explanation. For myself,' and here he gave a scathing, terrible look at Algernon Brinklough, ** I am ready to give This singular reply bewildered me, even more than a violent 'retort, And X again looked helplessly round. But Brinklough caught Ms chance. ' Bravo 1' he cried, '- that's the ticket. DeviBsh abrupt all this- But we must take things as they are,,, and 'now for ex planations. The ladies might retire ; it is a girl, isn't it? and the 'cradle, too— though the youngster's quiet enough — good conscience doubtless, so snore com posed than most of ,jos.' ^ The baby 1 ifcfcwaB quiet. t It was motion less — it might he dead. , Ah ! *i£ w» only ruled the world instead lot Gbd,we should' have, snatched it away- ?£hen, unsullied, into immoztaU^y» sad £U-njb&eB6; have made ft mistake* ' * ?-- *' * %^ - T . - * - - — ?*. Mr. Brinklough's sarcastic douche had : a chilling effect upon all of us. To My »$ each T-r$xefa~ throats almost indiscrimi nately, a snonient ago, might have seemed the only natural sequence to this startling climax of events. Yet nothing like this happened Le Martin, to whom I had again ' turned with an angry, resentful face ; now returned my gaze without any annoy ance on his — nay, with an expression of pity. ** Allow*' me,v alien? me !*' he said, waving Ms hand to check the outburst of my anger. 'You were, doubtless greatly in censed at finding me a visitor to the house that shelters jour unfortunate wife from .destitution. How she came here and how it is I sometimes come here to see her, in volves a long and sad story. 'So far as I can, I shall be glad to tell it you. How and why you came here, Mr. Wiilersley it '. ' -'?''!? 'All a complication of coincidences,' put in Brinklough. ' I assure you, Le Martin, Mr. Wiilersley had no more idea of meeting you than you had of meeting him. I myself, having accidentally discovered her address, came to visit this unfortunate lady, as I felt bound to do ; and Mr. Wii lersley, I presume {little knowing what he was. putting his head. into),, 'followed me. Isn't that so, Mr. Wiilersley?' ' Yes, to some extent. But,' I continued, turning to Le Martin, 'I see little naed'tb explain, anything to you. Will /you tell me what you have done with my^^GOli . worth of pictures? Has all that been devoted to Mrs. Wiilersley P This room doesn't look like it. You have only to thank my insane aversion to a public scan dal that you are not in prison.' Le Martin, who had tried to interrupt me, his face ashy wMte, turning from one to the other, now again set his lips close, and fixed a calm, inquiring glance on Bar bara. She rose from the couch where she had hitherto remained, with her face buried in her hands, and approached the. door. Le Martin intercepted her now, Ms very lips pallid, and the hand which he held out shaking like a leaf. ' Barbara, be seated, and explain briefly to your husband why I am here to-night.' '?Oh, I. can't! I won't! You can tell him. Let me go ! Let me go' out of this room! Nicholas, Nicholas, let me go,' and the poor creature turned to me like a hare at bay. * . ** I -will spare you as much as I can,' I cried, moved by her look of agonised sup plication ; ' but at any rate let me : hear what- you have done with the pictures.' ' Pictures !' said Le Martin, now stand ing against the door, . and barring, in a calm, commanding attitude, any exit from the room. ' Pictures ! I remember now something about them. Is it possible you suspected me ? My actions may have been open to censure. -But, good heavens,' Mr. Wiilersley, did you suspect — do you take me for your wife's betrayer! My God! are you mad ? Are we all mad?' . - . ' We are !' said Mr. Brinklough ; '' or, what is quite certain, we soon shall be if we remain here, raving in this fashion, another minute. Le Martin, allow that lady to pass out of the room at once! I think you have shown your authority quite- enough. Who would nox, suspept you?' 'Let me go I' sobbed Barbara, now sinking into a chair by the door and turning j her face from us all. ' And Nicholas, j Nicholas, never seek to find me in this { world again. It . was I who robbed you-^-I i only. Algernon Brinklough showed me how. He told me how to sell the pictures. He had wanted me to sell two for him months before. I only got £400 for them. And it was Algernon Brinklough '—here the poor ' creature turned her flaming face from the wall and looked at the villain with eyes that even made Mm wince — ' it was Algernon Brinklough who first made - me discontented — who sneered at you and laughed at me for marrjing an old man. But for Mm I should not have come to this j and now he came here to-night, pre tending to be my friend. And I only found out just now it was to betray Frank Le Martin. Curse him ! Curse hint ! Let him die in ? . Oh, if I had a thousand lives I would give them all to ? . Nicholas, believe me — -what have I to lie forP Frank Le Martin never wronged one living soul. He is my only friend. Let him tell you all and— and— let me go.' Dumbfounded, I stared for & moment into Le Martin's face, and realised that all this was true. MeanwMle, Algernon Brinklough, who had been tapping the floor impatiently with his foot, and making various gestures wMch Barbara did not heed, and wMch no one else heeded, had put Ms hand on the k'bb of the door. ; Now, seizing the opportunity, he opened it, I think to go out Mmself ; but Barbara rushed past him. In a moment Le Martin roused Mmself. He had been listening in a dazed, apathetic way— a picture of a man petrified by sad-: ness, and cried excitedly — ; .- ; ' Where is she going ? Stop Ijei .!„ Mj., Wiilersley, stop her ! She may be going- — she has sometimes threatened — to drown herself!' I had seized the door, which was just closing, with my right, hand j and .then looked round, still stupefied, but -newly startled by this last suggestion. I looked at Le Martin and I just saw his face, as the stern, sad look fled from it. Then a thrill of physical agony shot through every nerve. I remember falling into Le Martin's arms, and that, is the la$t thing I remembered until consciousness, returned, a quarter of an hoar later. Barbara, the moment she heard Le Martin's words, had pulled the door after her with all her might ? . and my hand — my right hand — was mangled in*- the lock! Had two strong men together exerted their strength to close the door, they could hardly have equalled that one spasmodic effort of Barbara's to shut herself out from the misery o£ that room. I am told that the acutest susceptibili ties of pain are in the hands and feet, and I shall never doubt it* The torture I suffered ±ox one half minute or less was maddening. The blessed insensibility, which followed assumed at first the shape of. -some* fantastic ?dream *-I sti|K»aw L& Martin1*© JEace as it really was when I fell' into his awns— full ot kindness and'su^err lag— It attmtti in a cloud, and all rouiad it nw^ Wishing, hissing: oueu&.qIC Jiumatt^ races. ^ „ '' : Brinklough was Jfckere — Suppose I- safjr him Jjig$ w& % fainted $ his contortions were hideous'; ,and Gertrude, my daughter Gertrude, was looking at me with a smile in her calm, clear eyes. Her tMck, silky, flaxen hair floated and streamed in the mist like a gauzy golden veil over Le Martin's face till the last outlines of his face -were lost. Then Gertrude, and Brinkloagk, and every face,' and . every form vanished.; Thfere wfis nothing but mist and, the sound of foaming waters 'until, Out of the mist, .there rose two arms j and, after them, white, and strange, and solitary, the face of Barbara as l!had neveif seeh it beforei It rose and sank, then rose again, and cried with. a- piercing cry, *' Nicholas ! Nicholas! letme^o.' .^ ; (TO BJB CONTINUED.) : 