The Argument for Hamlet's Sanity. Tilt: following pnper won recently read before tho Mclboumu Shakespeare Society on behalf of tho writer, who is a resident of Toowoomba, by Mr. A. S. Way, M.A., Wesley College, Mol- bouruo:— It scciiib almost imjioaaible for tho SlmkcB- liercan student in the coursu of a. c.imfuUt ml v nf tho play not to havo bin attention arrested at different points by tho feats of mental ugility performed by its interesting hero, aud thence to wander hitoaby-pathof speculation as to tho sanity ormadnoss of Hamlet, No apology is, therefore, needed for Btirring among tho dry hones of this buried subject of discussion if, as seems likely, additional light can bo thrown upon tlio general view of tho Rrineo'n conduct. Many will re- mnmber tho wordy war that was waged years ago on the question, 44 Was Hamlet mad?" Tho very expression is now a by-word— a whole literature on tho subject having been written. Whilst many of tho belligoront partisans 6tood their ground to the last, answering tho question with a defiant "Yes," or an equally emphatic " No," tho majority aottled matters with a com- proinisp. 44 Hamlet's mind," they agreed, " was certaiuly unhinged at times, but ho was uovcr a fit and proper patient for a lunatic asylum." Combatting tho latter of theso aiiscrtions, sovoral medical oxperU hi' tho treatment of tho insano horn testimony to tho similarity in Hamlet's mental condition, ns indicated by his words nnd notions, to that of many of their pationts. 4 Wherefore, ' thoy conc!udod, " Hamlet should have had a keeper," This notwithstanding, I purposoto attempt to show that Uamlobwas uovcr insano; on tlio contrary, that ho preserved from gist to Iti, i uilud euiguluty clw gad logical— though from natural circumstances, melancholy mid oven tnorhld. I confess I hold a brief for Hamlut'a sanity— tho enso boing a good ouo. I have no cloud of witnesses to call in evidence, hut a fow simplo facts. I : Thcro was method in his so-called mad- Ilamlct himself furnishes the key to this, when, aftor an outburst of hysterical Invity — tho natural rebound of a mind kent in tension during the ghosty awful confession— lio says solemnly: 44 Ilero, ns before, novcr, ho help you mercy, How str.uigo or odd sooVr I bear myself As I, perchance, hereafter shall think meet To pnt on initio disposition on. That you, ut such times seeing mo, norcr shall With arm incumbered thus, or this head tdiakc, Or by pronouncing of some doubtful phr.iso As 'v\ oil, well, wo know,' or 4 wo could an if wo would,' Or 41 If wo list to speak," or " thoro ho, an if thoy might," Or such ambiguous giving out, to nolo That you know aught of mo— this not to do So graco and mercy ut your most need help you. Swear." _ Here, then, is Hamlet's expressed determina tion to asstimo an nutic or grotcsquo demeanour — i.i"., to feign madness, and under this cloak to work out to tho bitter end hia lifo'a task of revenge, his progressive steps to that ond being taken ns thu irresponsible act of a madman. Witness liis sudden— apparently unaccnuutablo — rejection of Ophelia, which, ns ho anticipated, was attributed M insanity. "Mad fortliyiovo, says Polonius sagely ; 44 mad, I call it, for to defino truo madness what is it but to bo nothing clso but mad," and tho Polonian deduction is exactly what Hamlet reckoned upon. When tho princo chaffs the chambcrlnin somowlmt in? coherently, tho hidden vein is not wholly in- visiblo to His Pomposity, who exclaims, " Though this is madness, yet there's method in it." Madmen aro proverbially cunning and often shrewd, but thoy aro novcr systematic, Hamlet's madness was uothingif not systematic. Observe how ho could nut it on and off at will. Was over madmen like this ? In Act II, after fooling Polo nius, whom ho dismisses with tho encomium, "Theso tedious old fools!" ho turns togrectRoscn- ciuntz and Giiildcnstcrn, his eratwhilo chums, and goes back quite naturally to his old manner ; hisconvmation, clear, logical, andcininontlyficn- siblo leaving no doubt in the unbiassed mind that so far nt any rato lie possesses tho mens sana. But, seeing Polonius approaching, ho remem bers his part and, donning tho mask again, declares " I am but mad north, north-west, wlion tiioftvimi is southerly i know a hawk from a handsaw"— i.e., "lieren." Polonius, it seems, had hnd his suspicions aroused as to tho fionn /ifc-nosfi of Hamlet's madness, and tho princo makes this confession to oxplnin away bin intervals of > sanity, nnd on tho othor hand to prevent his being deprived of his liberty as n dangerouH lunatic. Ho continues his foolish talk until his hearers Icavo him, when liis truo feelings find vent in tho fioliloquy 44 Now I am alone," etc., which, though tinged with charac teristic melancholy, breathes yot tho spirit of a mind sound and reasoning. In tlio first sceno of Act III, at tho conclusion of thu finely- conceived nnd closely-rcnsoncd soliloquy 44 To bo or not to be," Ophelia enters, anil to hfcr touching inquiry, 41 How does my lord this many a day?" ho replies, for tho momont forgetting his riilc, " I humbly thank you," and thon, pulling himself together, odds with that sentential repetition so characteristic of insano ravings, "Woll, well, woll." So, too, when Polonius asks, 14 What do you rend, my lord ?" he roplifts" Words, words, words." An artistic touch this of tho great word-painter whoso genius was reflected in his perfection of details. Following on another assumption of tho mad man's garb boforo Ophelia, no is himself again in tho calm ond,6cnsiblo advico ho gives to tho strolling players, " Siicnk tho speech, I pray yon, as 1 pronounced it to you," etc nnd onco again in madly frolicRomo mood just before tho curtain rises oil 44 Tlio Mousetrap." Such hilarity was not unnatural to a man of highly- strung temperament, Hamlet's preceding a dress to Horatio, beginning 44 Nay, do uot think I flatter," is marked by soberness of expression, singleness, and purity of sentiment tlmt liar- innnizo well with thu forcofulncBS of tlio advice. His heart in indeed 'Abakan to tho core ; ho is, indued, morbid nnd melancholy, but Ida intollcct is round. Mark, too, when tho play is ovor — tho King having risen in terror. Tho discrimi nation of purpose and pro-nrrangomont of words that follow on his determination to "speak daggers " to his mother, but to 44 uso none." In tho celebrated cliainbor-Bcone, too, when ho lays baro his mothor's heart before her oyes wtm mmfc uau uuruuHwcBs, soicmn nujuranon, and sober rcmonstranco does he plead with lior for a bettor, a purer life," It is no madman who appeals thus passionately to hoc in words of burning cloquenco to renounce bar husband. Every sentence is stamped with tho impress of reason. Act IV opens with a temperate ond sensible conversation between Hamlet and tlio captain of Fortinbras' forces. Yet, later on, poor Ophelia, whoso naturo has not boon strong onough to stand tho test put upon it, remarks plaintively that the princo " Speaks things in doubt that carry but half senso. In tho grave yard scono Hatnlot is characteristically intra- spcctivo and pensive, oven molanclioly, - but novcr irrational. _ Ha bursts into passion at Ophelia's gravo.side,fltho long dammed lovo torrent breaking forth, but is calm and col lected in his interviews with Osnic, Laertes, and Horatio. In tho last bcoho of his Btrango, ovcntful history ho is tho natural Hamlet. To his friends, than, nnd those above suspicion, ho is sano ; to his enemies, for his own purposes, a crafty madmnu. Wc, who are lookors-on at tho game, boo him as ho is to his friends, to his enemies, and to himself — under throo aspects. Thoy who would pat him insido a straight waistcoat sco him undor ono only. So well, in fact, did Ilamlot fill his rvfo as to deceive not only his own household but somo nineteenth- century critics. lit Horatio and Marcollus— to whom alono Hamlet communicated his intention to " put an antic disposition on "—are never shown to givo tho slightest sign thnt thoir friend was, or afterwards became, inBano. Horatio — tho prince's bosom friend and tho ono man of tho plaj , " moro an antique Roman than a Dano " — nqvor, by any clianco, act3 or speaks ns if his i.iui.K >1. iu ii oi, I. ; | uub in un tiieir conver sations together wo find Hamlot tho rational friend of tho opening scene, and so- to the last. Had Shakespeare intended his hero to succumb to insanity, would it havo boon hidden from that hero's friend? Possibly tho bard under stood his own creation not so well as tho latter- day roseulapians who would havo confined the princo in their four walls. HI: That tho "suddon and rash" aots of Hamlot attributed to insanity may bo other- wise accounted for. (a) His rejection of Ophelia. This was brought about by his wish to bo thought mad and his desire to test tlio strength of her affection. Lovo was of this man's life a thing apart while rovongo possessed it, and tlio weaker passion had to succumb, (b.) His cunning insertion of tho damning fines into tho play of 44 Tho Mousetrap." This was simply the work of a clever, calculating man, and was justified by tho extreme difficulty of sheeting homo tho chargo of murder to Claudius, (e.) His forbearanco, when tho opportunity occurred of killing tho King as ho knelt in prayer, on tho plna that tho King would thon go to Heaven. Tills, it is said, displays an ingenuity of diabolical wickedness incompatible with sanity. I'h? fact is it was a mere oxcitso to himself which Hamlot war making to palliato his own hesitancy. Hamlet'R4,nattvohuoofresolution" was. wo know, 44 sicklied o'or with tho pale cast : thought." (d.) His killing of Polonius in coldblnod for raves-droppiug. This is incorrect. Hamlet himself Kays to tho body, 44 T took tlico from lliy butter," meaning tho King. The opportunity of fulfilling hm mission was, ho thought, nt hand, nnd with that surprising cnorgy which mon of thought suddcnlv display lio lunged at tlio arras and Polamtis fell, (r.) His vision of tho ghost, invisiblo to the Queen, in tho chamber scone. Oh tho samo evidence Horatio, Marcnllus, and Bernardo may bo con victed of insanity, Did they not sea the ghost onthocastlo platform? Shakespeare made his ghosts ohjcetivo, and whether ho believed in their nxistenco or not ho know his nudierco did. (/.) His cruelty in substituting for his own .tlio names of Ins companions, Rasencrantz and Guildonstern, in tho royal despatch which ordered hie immediate death. Speaking to Horatio thereupon, Hamlot savs, " Why, man, they did mako lovo (o their employment. Thoy nro not near my conscience. Their defeat docs by their own insinuation grow." They wero accessories to tho proposed murder of Hamlet, and Ire acted m pure rolf defence. Any sano man In thoso days would havo done likowiso. Life wasn't so precious then except to it owner and in saving his head at tho expenso of theirs Hamlot was justified. His violent language at Ophelias' grave. Tho high-flown rhetoric about 44 forty thousand brothers" and " eating a crocodilo " was, he himself confesses, tho fruit of tho "towering passion" into which tlio '! bravory ' o Laertes' grid had driven him. Eminent phyaieuuu toll ua that all mon aro mad on certain occaalona (wlion in lovo (or instanco), gitf fro kos thai « auger ia madaen, traniiont though It ho." (ii.) Hia murder oi tho King. Now, his wholo latter life's energies wero directed to this end. Ho had sworn to take rovongo and without this tardy act of retribution lihi mission was unaccomplished. Besidos, tho King was instrumental in indicting Hnmlct'H own death- wound, and for this atonu merited death. IV : Shftkepcare's delineation of Opholia'a real insanity secma to have been intended as a con trasting picture to Hamlet's feigned madness. .Muii and women, it ib true, do not exhibit tho same symptom when insane, hut in tire silly mviiign of Ophelia there is such 14 inaptness," incoherence, and want of reason as compared with tire felicitous but truly artificial play upon words nnd with conceits in Hamlet's utterances that ono cannot help feeling convinced that tho latter hnd his miml well under control. Tho "roving" and "gibbering" were tho only forms of mndncs9 employed by tho other Elizabethan dramatists. Shakespeare, well nwnru that such manifestation woulcl Imvo lcd to his hero's freedom being curtailed and bis pur poses thwarted, made Hamlot suimlnto that moro dangerous form of which ono can never bo Buro, which does not justify tire threatened onos in interference with liberty hut yot may secure tho madman from tho judicial consequences of his filial outbreak. Such a presentment seems unique in literature. V: There are two quotations from Hamlet's lips touching his so-called madness which at first sight appear to ba strong evidcnco of his insanity, and which arc often quoted in support of that view. Yet, if weighed in the balances of criticism, llicy will bo found wanting in positive and not without negativo testimony. When Laertes clutches Hamlet by tho throat ns they stand together in tlio open gravo, Ham let criuH out : "Ipi'ytheo take thy fingers from my throat, For though I am not Bplcnitivo and rash Yet havo I something m mo dangorous Which lot thy wisdom fear." Hamlet, bo it remembered, hns still his part to play, the end is not yot, and in tho audicnco of tho King and courtiers, this expressed hint of " madness " would strengthen the belief in his sclf- incapahility. Herein lay his safety, for as n madman his own life, he knew, would not ba forfeited for his rash conduct. Resides, Laertes believing his rashness to l>o due to lunacy would tho more readily be appeased. Again, just before his duel with Laertes, lie shakes hands nnd says, 41 What I have done Thnt might yonr nature, honour, and exception Roughly awake, I hero proclaim wns inndnuss. Wnfi't llninlnt robbed Laertes ? Never Hamlet. If Hamlet from himself bo ta'cn away And when he's not himself does wrong Laortes, Then Humlct docs it not. Ilamlet denies it. Who docs it then ? His madness, if it bo 60 Hamlet is tho faction that is wronged His madness in poor Hamlet's onomy." A really diplomatic Rpccch is this. Hamlet per ceives tlin end is approaching, and in order that no obstacle may ba placed iu tho way of executing his great purposo he, in tones of apparent earnestness, pleads his insanity. Two facts inifitatcugainstthc genuineness of thisconfcssion. («) It is spoken in tho King's hearing— of eourso to put him off his guard against what Is in store. (5) Tire fact of n supposed madman asserting his own insanity is pro tanto nu argument in favour of his sanity. Medical authorities support this statement. Your real madman is always trying to prove his sanity ; or, at least, takes it for granted that ho is sano. VI: Hamlet's moodiness and molanclioly, his hesitancy und want of action, it has been said, point to mental unhingement or, nt least, aber ration. In this way ono could provo anybody insano nt some timo oflifo. Wc don't necessarily filiut absent-minded mon up iu asylums. Ham let's naturo was introspective, and his mind tensely strong and Ronsitivo to morbidity, but it was always rational. VII t When the Queen, to salvo tho feelings that Hamlet had just been harrowing, exclaims, "This is tho very coinage of your brain, this bodiless creation, ecstasy is very cunning in " (using 44 ecstasy " in the senso of 44 marines "), tho son replies, with fine scorn. My pulse as yours doth temperately keep timo And innkes as healthful music, it is not madness That I have uttered— bring mo to tho test, Aud I tho matter will re-word which mndncss would gambol from," Tills may bo taken as Hamlet's vindication of his own sanity. Victims to " long-sight '' nro unfortunately almost as common as tire sufforcrs from tire revnrso malady, and to read between tho lines moro than their author intended is characteristic of Home far-sccimr students. To Hicrq tim spectacles of common sense may bo recom mended. If tho principal character wero irrc- sponsible tho play would bo without Uh moral. From a study of tho play one rises with tho conviction that not only did Shakespeare— the man for all timo — touch nothing that he did not adorn, but that ninong thu jewels in the literary crown with which ho adorned tho English Inngungo none Bhinos moro brightly than his 14 Hamlet " with a lustre that timo itself cannot dim. sciiibdler. Toowoomba. 