-i rTTT.l-"""sg: The Ued ?host Dance* THE WEIRD, FANATICAL PREPARA TIONS EOR THE INDIAN MESSIAH, I [From the New York World of November 2,] I The snake danoe of the Moqui Indiana.- the strange sun danoe of the northern tribes, the roar danoe of the hoBtilea, and the p9aoe dance with which Borne tribea of men ratify their treaties have all been desoribsd, The weird ghost danoe with which the Siousc and Shos bonea are now celebrating what they believe to be the approach of the Indian miileniuna , baa never been deBoribed, for the reason pro bably that it haB never been witnessed by a white man, And in the present feeling among the ,powerful bands encamped here and at JtoBebnd, as well as further to the weat and north, in Colorado and Montana, it is doubtful if any white man known to have seen a ghosc danoe wonld live to talk or write much about it. For i the vsry motive of the ghoat dance is the resurreotion of all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the white man first set foot ion American aoiland the extermination of the whiteB, And the power to work out thii tremendous consummation ia to come from the wonderful Messiah, the Bed Saviour, reported : months ago to have corns down from the happy bunting grounds and lig ted on the top o! a mountain peak in south-eastern Montana in the wild country on the borders of the National Park, That much alarm ia felt by the white man hereabouts who understand the matter ia eho wn by the gravity with whioh the situation ia- dis ? CUBBed, The Indians, instead of attending to their farmB and stock and schools, living in their cabins and tepeeB, and pursuing their cua. tomary loafing and visits to the agaucy build ings* act bb though under a spell. The Iadian ngenta themselves,, who are in the main careful and experienced men out here, look serious when asked their views of the situation, Ex-Agent Charles P. Jordan, now licensed trader atRoEebud, looked troubled when asked the attitudes of Ogalalla Sioux, into whioh band he married, and in which he holds the rank of " White Chief." He said the Indians were his brothars and so were the whites, and be hoped for peace.; But he did not quiet thB fears of my informant,' who Bucoeeded laal evening in getting a glimpse of a ghost danca in progreBaat the bigoamp, several miles from this agenoy, where the most fanatioal apostles of . the new Messiah are said to have made their appearance, J The situation at the famous Standing Rock i Agenoy where Sitting Bull has been endeavor- i ing to raise a revolt on the strength of the promised aid of the.New MeEsiah is even more serious than at either Rosebud or Eine Ridge, Agent McLaughlin haB indeed forwarded to Washington a formal report on the general dis affection, Bhowing: the alarming extent to which it prevails. Sitting Bull and Kioking Horae, the great Sioux pro phet, are about, equally responsible for it, They predict the arrival of the Red-Men's Millennium as; not later than the growth of the new grass in Maroh, 1891. It iB said that Red Cloud, the.ableat and wiseat of all the Sioux ohiefs, revealed the plot to McLaughlin. Sitting Bull, who has long bean incapacitated by illness] from active chieftain ship, has regained his strength, ana is ferociously desirous of a war against the pale faces," He pointB to bis warlike feats on the battltfield of the Little Big Horn, where Custer and his troop were exterminated, and has formed a band of 300 avengers, mostly young bucks, whom he has worked up to a fever heat by his glowing accounts of the resto ration of the Sioux nation to its Bupremaoy in the (north-west. His braves rely on his pro mise that all the dead Sioux will rise from their graves, and that their numbers, with these re inforcement?, will be amply sufficient to drive out and "wipe out" the white man even were j they not to receive direct supernatural aid, described later on in this letter, from the Great Spirit himself. Kioking Horse goes so far as to Bay that he has made a personal visit to the happy hunting grounds, through a ''hole in the clouds," and that - he there beheld untold thou^acds of red warriors all in war paint, armed with their lances and bowa and arrows* and anointed with a mysterious oil which renders thiir bodies bullet proof should the whites dare to thow figtot But Kioking Horse professes to believe that the white man will be bo over awed by the numbers of the returning braves th&fc; they will retire without violence, Sitting Bull, who represents the irreoon cilables, as Red Olond does the "progressive' ~'ImJhii>o,-io nuppcBod Cv bo-tho- obioS- whom tho Great Spirit will commission to lead the red men to viotory, In the wake of their trium phant progress the grass_ will grow waist- high and. the prairies be thick with buffalo and antelope. The story that Sitting Bull has been under the Bpiritualiatio influence of a " Mrs, C. Weldon, of Brooklyn," who came here to see him in 1869, and haB had communication with the great spirit through her ia believed to be without foundation. The ghost danca seems to be intended aa a solemn notification to the Indian dead that they are now needed on earth to help the remnant of their people exterminate the whites ana Eeize their own again, It is also a ceremonial weloome, in anticipation of the return ing braves, and it is at the same time a dirge. Whether the white men, who are all to die when the Messiah makes his appaaranoe, are mourned in advance in the dirge movement of the chant, whioh is part of the ghost danca, seems hard to Burmiee. But the wild strains, which my informant's half'breed instructor in these ghoBtly"mysteries said foretold the red men's final triumph, were, according to bis description, certainly ferociouB enough to eatiBfy the wildest sensation lover. The oamp thia friendly half; breed led hia white companion to spy upon is in a hollow surrounded by low bare hills. From summit to E-ummit aorosa the valley would perhaps be a mile. The waggons of the braves-many of them 8B farmers and freighters now have their horses and waggons-ar3 corralled in the centre of the valley. A fringe of tents skirts the borders of the oamp, and a score or so of painted tepees are the lodging plaoeB of the irreconcilable old squawB and bucks, who have never given in to " progressive" notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like white people. The oxen, bulls and cows, pigs and chiokena ieBued to these Indians by the Government for breeding purposes-for in the eye of thB law most of them are farmers-have been driven into the valley also, and are lariated or oooped on the outskirts of the camp, where they are being killed and eaten at a rapid rate, The atcscsphere was dank and murky wheni two nights ago, my half-breed friend sat out for the camp. After an hout'a laborious walk, and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of the hill to the weBt o! the camp was reached about 9 o'clock, The lights of the camp fires, co which the evening meal had been cooked, were gradually alloyed to die out, and several old tqaaws could plainly be seen movinginand out among the darkening embers. About three hundred yards east of the foot of the hill on which the spieB were seated in a clump of stunted evergreens was an open space, of an acre in extent, towards whioh the squawa seemed cow urging, now driving the rest of the band. Around the outer rim of this open &pace; fires were kindled of wood that seemed to have been smudged, aa there was little or no fisme, only a dull red glow and a profuse pale grey Bmoke, which, rising from all sides at once, formed a sort of canopy over the asena, through thiB cloud by fita and starts the old Equaws could be seen forming the warriors in rows around the eastern edge of the expanse, with the younger bucks and_ squaws in rows behind them. The warriors in the front rowa were kneeling, the squaws behind them Bit ting, and the younger bucks standing behind ^Then the old rquaws retired to the western edge of the open ground, where they were screened from observation by the bush, and remained out of sight for about ten minutes, .DuriEg this time the picture was wild and impressive in an unusual degree. Seen by the smouldering light of the fires built in a long oval about 40 ft. in front of the line, the warriors, with their women and children be hind them, knelt or sat and stood in absolute silence. They were all waiting-just what for the half-breed on the hill didnt know. When a fire would burn up too bright ana illuminate too clearly the solemn groups near it, a equaw would go and pull the fagots away a from the coals and subdue the flames, When the old squaws returned they joined hands and knelt down to the centre of the open. They began chanting what sounded at first like a death song, but now and again swelled into savagely triumphant yells, -the smoke only started at internals and while the chaut was going on, but while the strange scene was shut from view the warriors advanced from the ranks and, joining hands m & larger oirele around the old squaws, began the ghoBt dance. Their chant waB leas shrill than that started by the squaws and was not BO plainly heard. A portion of it seemed lamentation for their dead; then came the invocation to the dead to arise and come help their brethren exterminate the white man* The sqti&ws; had not been observed to leave the circle they had formed, but as the warriors' chant swelled into what the half-breed said WBB the invocation to th& departed Sioux to come back to earth, the old hags, one by one, Btole like shadows nnder the linked arms of the braves, etch with a burning Btiok in her shrivelled hand, the light from wbiqh fell with . grap ghasttineas oa hsr pa_atad face, TlsU light tor the first time made visible to the watohers the faces of the brave3 themselves, and it was now seen tiat they were in full was paifct. TH2 BIG OHIEt' AND AOEST; The old women passed through the oirole like 6 prooeseion of speotres, eaoh oarrying a tape? of grave-wax to light her un&oouatomed; feet over the rough surface of the valley, At all events that was what their wild perfor mance looked like from the hilltop, aud before tbe prooeaBion had more than half parsed through the oirola the amoke grew ao thiok and the olouda above the valley so dense that the ball-breed spy deolared -the immediate neoaa eity of a return to the agency. Enough had been seen of the ghoBt dance, which had then barely begun, for report Bays it laBta well into the morning, and indeed till everybody con nected with it is exhausted, to bring out olearly at least one signifioant fact, And that waB that the buckB had war paint on theit faces, There is talk here that the Mormons aie en couraging the Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Idaho Indiana to look forward to the extermi nation of the BoldierB, agents, and all the white men in authority-except the Mormons- when the Bed Saviour comes. That Btrange Indians who may have come from the WeBt, and may even claim to have been in the immediate vioinity of the new Messiah, have recently joined the Sioux at those agenoies is indis putable, They are epokan of as apoatleB of fihe new religion, and it ia by their advice that ihe Indiana have gathered into oampa, given up work of all kindB aud gone to eating, praying, singing and >.dancing-until the Millennium oomea. AP03TI/E3 OP THE NEW OBEED, The excitement began among the Sioux of the great council of the Sioux nation, held about the middle of September, on Bad River, Bome 15 miles above Pierre* S. Dak, White men were excluded from the council, just aa they. are. from the oeremoniea in the camp3 in this vioinity, but a very well informed gentle man, named W. T. Tomkina, who haa ridden in pursuance of his business during the past few weeks through a great deal of the Sioux country, says that this fanatioal mania whioh seemB to have laid hold of the Dakota red man ia the direot reBult of the exhortations of the Indian emissaries from Montana, where the MeeBiah waa said first to have been seen laat spring, . Who in the . East bad supposed that this Btracge agitation about a Messiah had reaohed such ivpitch among the Bed men that emiata rite were actually dispatched many haudreda of miles from one tribe to another to urge them to make ready for the appearance of their "Bedeemer!" And who haa.yet heard this Indian Messiah's creeo 1 Its main article is the balief that the present surface of the North Ainerioan conti nent will be covered 30 ft, deep. by_ a new stratum of soil, which shall be inhabited by Indiana only, and be thiok with game as were the prairies before the whitemancame. Beneath this new stratum the white man and his cities atd hia railroads and his steamboats and hia civilisation shall be buried, in the twinkling of an eye. and the new world shall be as if it had never known him, or at least as it was 300 years ago. But the Indians-and here is a Btrauce thing-shall not be whelmed in the general ruin. They will be endowed with a supernatural strength to wrestle with the difficulties of the occasion,, and will squirm through tbe new soil until, after muoh labor and many fears and lamentations, the Bed m&n; Bhall at laat struggle out to the newt surface of the new earth. where they will find grasB waist high and immense herds of buffalo, antelope, and wild horBes ready at band! There iB something touching in this happy restoration, To reach it the red man must paBBt through his purgatory-the new earth stratum, ' No pale face will ever be permitted to mar the serenity of iheee Elysian Fields, nor will tbe gpme die out or be driven away, Visions of. theBe veritable Happy Hunting Grounds ara seen: in the ghost dance by the warriors, who Bpini around in a religiouB delirium until they fall ;in a trance. In thiB trance the ghosts of the dead braveB and departed chiefs are said to come aud tell them of tbe new glories to orono the rt d man. This by some is said to give its name to the dance. GENERAL INDIAN DISTUBBANOB3, The outbreak of the White Biver Utea, who have lelt the reservation in Utah and gone into Colorado to kill Btook, is believed here to be part, of a general uprising preliminary to the appearance inthefleahof the-Indian Messiah, It is.known that the Nez Peroea near Mullen, Idaho, to the number of 400, have appeared in a band at that town and presented a formal de mand that the whites leave the country, "to which they have no title." These are the same 'Nez.FerceB who took part in the massacre of 1877, They, are dissatisfied with their reserva tion at LaPivia, and are said to threaten again to overrun that vast Btretoh of northern Idaho - known as Camas Prairie. Tbe excitement among the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and OomanoheB is scarcely less. Cap t>vm-Trimbleton, of the Seventh United States Cavalry, commandant at ifort Sill, is known to have deolared within a few weeks that in his opinion " the greatest Indian uprising of recent times is certain to come Boon," as "the Indians have pot the idea that the Great Medicine Man iB coming to wipe out the whites and restore to them the ownership of the oountry." Captain Trimbleton is known as a man of experience and discretion, His declaration that the 5,000' Indians about Fort Sill have renounoed Christianity and entered upon a series ol incan tations and fanatioal orgies is oertainly worthy of note. Whether or not the Government Bhould double the frontier garrisons is a question for the Government to decide. ABE THE SIOUX STARVING ? The opinion in this part of Dakota is that the Sioux have been so badly treated by the Government lately that their disaffection has much to justify it. The settlers along the edges of the great Sioux reservation are un doubtedly alarmed. These are the faots, to whioh there is abun dant testimony, on whioh it is said the Sioux make out a strong case in equity against Unole Sam, In June, 1889, tbe Sioux signed a treaty for the cession of a part of their reservation to the Government, They have not received one cent of the consideration due them for that ces sions General Crook was with the commission that secured their signatures to the treaty; General Crook bad been their oonqueror, and afterwards their benefactor and friend. They knew bim and believed in him, and there ia uo doubt that it was owing very largely to his in fluence that tbe treaty waB ratified, It was General Crook who promised the Sioux that the Government would pay them in full and promptly for their lands, and that their rights should bo reapeoted. The Sioux have been repeatedly deoeived by agents of the United Statea Government, notably when the attempt, ihat bo nearly resulted (in 1878) in war, waB made to remove them by force to the Missouri Biver, but they trusted Crook, Now that Crook is dead the ohiefs say that hia Go* vernment has failed absolutely to carry ont his promiees. Tbe recent census at Rosebud Agency and here waB grossly inaccurate, my informant de clares. The number of Indiana wa3 counted down instead of properly enumerated, and as a result their allowance of rations has been greatly limited. Oping to the delay in the passage by Cm press of the Indian Appropriation Bill not only the Sioux, but the Indians of the entire country have been and are Buffering for food. It is now Ootober, and the supplies due ia July have not yet been sent out to them, As a re sult they listen all the more eagerly to the emissaries who have come from that part of Montana where the Messiah ia Baid to have been Eeen. The idea of an approaching milen ciutn and tbe extinction of the whiteB renders the reservation Indians all the more willing to eat their breeding sheep, cattle, and fowls,-and quit work of every kind. The Sioux at these two sgenoies--Pine Bidge and Rosebud-are receiving scaxcely anything at all, even under tbe reduced census apportionment, instead of the full rations they are entitled to, All this time since July the Government sup plies out hore have been of course diminishing, There will Boon be nothing at all_ on hand to feed the Indians except scanty rations of beef, Suppose, as has been the case in the past, extra rations of beef were issued to take the place of the rations of flour, &e;,, for whioh there is now no material on hand. The result would be certain starvation, for then the beef also would give out. It is useless to attempt to reason with starving Indians, especially when the mys terious apostles from Montana and Utah have enoceeded in convincing hundreds of the Sioux that when the Messiah appears their struggle for their rights will at laat be crowned with success, and the hated whites and the lying Government agents will be punished as they deserve. Why should they and their ohildren starve in a land of plenty ? Indeed, a man offioially acquainted with the Sioux for 25 yearB said to me yesterday " Broken treaties, delayed appropriations, and religions frenzy have combined to make the Indians feel that the worst has come to the worst, and that even if no MesBiah oame they might as well die fighting, with their wives and children around them, aB Bee their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that oweB them a living and has abundant meauB to pay that debt were it so disposed. By the very failnre to deliver them their supplies in July, when they were dae, the Government has &3 a laBt stroke of crnelty deprived the Sioux of the opportunity to earn money by freighting these BupplieB, There was nothing to haul, BO they have been deprived not only of their Govern ment food, but of almoBt their only opportunity to make money enough to buy food elsewhere." 