[?] rvi:,'.OllAl'TUIt XX II I. I'l.KASANT WHATiU-'.r.. Pleasant Weather vouchsafed « grim ? chuckle in aclciiowli'dgemont of her master's pleasantry.- Standing as she stood, close behind liis chair, Hoell's keen ears, Hoell's sensitive perceptions, look note of her hurried breathing, and the cold, fresh scent of dewy grass' and heather that clung about her dross. He ' wheeled round in liis seat, and looked at ?her narrowly. ' You've been running,' he said, suspicionslv ; 'you've hardly got your breath' back vet. What do you mean' by gadding about the. country at this * ti.me .of tlio evening, without my per mission ? . You can't have got a sweet heart at your time of life ?' Pleasant chuckled again ; Hoell held up an imperative linger, as she might J:h'ave held up hers at him, when he was a child in short frocks. V' I'm your master,' he announced. 'It's ir.y business to know all about your goings and comings, — it's your bnsiuess to answer me when I ask you ?what' have you been doing and where have you been ? ' . : Out for a breath of air,' Pleasant ; answered, doggedly. ' It's been a long day and hot day. You didn't want me, you were taking iu here- to the man who conies over sometimes from the Hall — the in an with the white hair.'' ' He's not. a gentleman, then ?' asked Hoell, secretly ainased by this display of prejudice on mother Endor's part. If ? it i^ a- gentleman's . business to peep aud pry, and taunt a deccnt woman with tramp's gibbishness, to put her. out of countenance before her inferiors,— lie is a gentleman,' the woman returned. 'Not else.' ; .''Well, . well,' Hoell said, humoring v her.' 'Where did you go when you went out?'. 'il walked over the common and past the Beacon Hill,' the woman said. '1 went round by Yelmerton Shrieking Pita and then turned back. She chuckled again, in her sombre, mirthless way. ' No. heed to go further, I'd, got what I wanted and so I came home again.' 'Did you meet the Ghost of the \- Shrieking Pits as you went by ?' asked Hoell, with a twinkle in his eyes. ' The goblin or wraith, or fetch or phooka, or whatever it is, that wears a woman's dress, and wanders about the Pits at \- nightfalh shrieking and moaning and wringing its hands ? I've never ,soen it myself, but you might, you know, being a bit of a witch in your own way.' The woman's white teeth showed out iirher brown face, and her black eyes lobkeiather master with a gleam of cnnmngiiti them. ' I :did see a: woman nigh by ' tho ^?Shrieking Pits,v she returned ' but if she was a ghost, master, then we're all ghosts together. -No, no ! ?? The woman „ T saw was a woman of flesh and blood — ; ; gentlefolks' flesh and blood — and stolen out after nightfall, master, . like any. common village girl — to meet her lover.'. ' Romeo and Juliet over again,' cotn . nicnted Hoell, interestedly. '-Was Juliet . pretty ? Never mind about Romeo— /i£ was a boor, of course. ' Tell nie whether the girl was nice to loolc- at.' It wasn't a girl,' returned Pleasant Weather. She laughed outright' this a oourse, 'jeering 'laugh— and swayed herself from side to side, hugging her malice, or her enjoyment, or her secret triumph,. ?-?' whatever emotion it was ' that ? possessed ; u?lV to her bosom, with her folded amis. *f It wasn't a girl,' she said. 'It was a wo2'ftn., raastor-r- pretty nigh as old as nie. Pretty nigh ! Older, master- I dare swear. Change her silks and satins for a cotton * priiit like mine, and rub the powder off her face, and' set her by. mo here, and even you wouldn't look at her a second ? time, much less her husband or her . ;loyer ! ' ' What have I got to do with her, you ,.'-jld raven ? ' returned Hoell. ' Middle ? 'aged and -married, and with a lover ! She ought to be ashamed of herself. In the ' good old days, when ladies of that sort wiere brought before the magistrate and , squire for punishment, the punishment ' they got was a ducking in the village ?pond,--and an hour or two's sitting in ' the village ? stocks, where all the village ''folks 7riiigfifpe.lt and stare at 'em; The '' stocks stand yet, though the old law aren't. ? Xiet your Jezebel of the Shrieking Pits 'keep out of my way, or I maybe tempted . to, revive au interesting custom, -nnd make a Moral Example at the same time.' He laughed in the enjoyment of his own humor, and Pleasant weather joined in. Some secret sense of tlie ludicrous, some sinister meaning, that was not his, ?; added: to her appreciation of the joko. ? Laugh, nias'er, laugh !' she cried, clapping her hands together. ' It's good . to see you. Ha ! ha Master ! IJa ! ha ! In the stocks, Master, with nllTthc p'eoplo jwiiig and pointing ? Go ou^laughing, Master,- — it lines me good lo? bear : yon— it doc-- mc good to see yon. Better lautfh :u h woman, MasJ.o;.,' than cry about her, taiy dav In the year !' Hoell suddenl- n-joverou Iiii gravity, ? lioiafod I.'uilself upright nn his ci'iitqhes, * caught his housekc.cpiH' by tho arm, and twisted her unceremoniously towards the light. — 'It seems to me that you have been drinking, Mother Endor,' he said, coolly. ' Somo of my French brandy — . or some of your own herb-tea ? Which ever it was, it has got into your head. Let, me recommend yon to get it out sigain as quickly as yon can, Endor, because I want to consult you about my party, — did I say that I had mado up . my mind to give a party hero on the night: after fo-morrow night ? Ladies xire coming, and everything has got to . be done in first-rate stylo in honor of those ladies. Do you hear ?' ' I hear,' said Pleasant Weathor. ' Is the lady up at tho hall— is Mrs, , Jvavanagh one of the ladies who aro to be done1- honor to, Master, on tho night :nftcr to- morrow night ?' (To be continued.) | 