A EEMENISCENCE. fCO3JTBIBUTED.'j Tis nearly twenty years since I scratched gravel first iu Bourke. Period of plenty, land of promise, big in the unseen future of Central Australia, while yet the explorer's tracks were lost amongst tie whirlwinds of dost, bnt not unrecorded in history. At. that period poverty was unknown, big cheques the order of the day, and wages at demand, and the Darling at low ebb. At times, and yet with its uncertain freshes have I seen fourteen steamers towing two barges each, anchored or moored opposite A. Koss and Co.'s or the BoyaL That was before Sam Getting wiped out the two foot-policemen and perforated Inspector Keigan's linen,- and with malice intent sought for, and would have killed poor Dick Horsefall, had he not hid under the 'stone.' Poor Dick, 'Tumble-down Tar ra.nia.Ti/' as the blacks termed him and hU father were the soul of honor and natures gentlemen. : ? . In that date there resided in Bourke Drs. Browne and Grant. There was a great disseinilarity in the two medicos. Dr; Grant was weighty of build and etoutof person, and had enlisted a strong black fellow hs servant to convey him (the Doctor) across the numerous puddles sod den flats and quagmires. Tho blackfellow through sudden weakness, too much rum, or devilment, would dislodge the doctor — invariably into a clay-pan patch of dis coloured water. Dr. Edward Valentine Browne, was then a bachelor, fresh from Ireland, possessed of a heart as big as that of a bullock, and speaking a, rich brogue, hence I named him 'Patsy Bolliver.' Truly he was a generous soul. At any hour of the day or night his services were available (pay or no pay) to any part of the district. And the book-debts owing in this district to E.V.B, whom I last saw in big practice in Melbourne, would form capital enough to start any man in a big business way. 1 The legal profession I must not forget to mention, comprising as they did Messrs. Foster and Neville. While it is invidi ous to draw comparisons, it is admissable to state that however good a lawyer Neville wight be, who had lately arrived from Wilcannia, lawyer JPosteE could give Iiim long odds in swimming or diving, ffor instance, when 'TanoJeka,' the Moari women, lost her balancing-pole, weighed at both ends with, sheet lead in 'her en deavours to walk the punt wire, the 'Bugle Brand' knocked firs out of the eves of the blacks by diving 25 feet through ;muddy water and restoring to the Jadjjr of 'dusky skin her eqkitibrtmn. Last, but not least there then rosided liere the King and thePrinGc^ Joseph, and Aug-nst Caspar ; Joseph Becker. Good men, well and truly tried. Th$y are Iioth dead, pence to their : ashes. August died a single man, Joseph married, and it is of him I would say a word to inform Bourke residents and your readers generally that Joseph- Becker was the pioneer of Bourke, and that 15 or 20 years previous to his arrival hera he ?was engaged to ha married to a 'rand- daughter of Lord Dennan's, who defended 'Queen Caroline in her divorce casa— that is the present Mrs. Joseph Becker. Both brothers Becker wore generous to » -fault, Bourke ought to be aware of their hosl pitality. They, I believe were natives of that beautif n! spot ha Germany knon-n as the Bhine. ' . ' ' ? ? ^ Prom law to police is but a stop— some- times upwards sometimes the other way; and beforel dose the detective lenses I. :would be only a, second rate artist did I -: not call to recollection Prior, of the S police Force, as also Chariny JTaughton ^ Naug*toHi was despatched to Barton's *i Mooculta station ' to lay a ghost ;' and a J fine time Charley had of it. ? Prior was one of the smartest policemen 9 and trackers the New South Wales force m possessed, and on nearly every occasion ? of arrest broke the police commandments. I He would fisticuff a prisoner instead of fl using a batton. That i 3, after tolling him 9 he had better go quietly. He has been 9 known to follow and track a man 1500 I miles and then- arrest. But when the 9 Bourkeites presented him with a pnrse of H sovereigns, he told them destinctly he was H a policeman but not a speaker. That was S just prior to his departure for Wihsannia, I Two more allusions to police and order. 9 and 1 quit the subject. On the arrival of fl Jersey our presentGovernor— though a bit- 9J terly cold day the police of Sydney were H 6upix-sed to wear ' drills.' It rained. It 9 would be well-worth knowing whether this 9 order emanated from Parkes or his sub- 9 ordinato Fosbery. Certain it is that ? several policemen had to toe the scratch 9 for appearing in blue pants. 9 There is an hotelkec-per inthis town who 9 has been a trooper in the bush-ranginij S era. Do you know his name or have you fl seen tho framed presented report, vide M Zbirn- and Country Journal, of his bravery. Sauntering along, after a glance at the Darling whom should I meet but Mr. David Peters. Dave is one of the oldest residents of the Darling having been resi- dent here off and on over 25 years. Dave is a Scotchman and like all Scots proud of his nationality. Nearly 20 years ago I saw him trundling a barrow load of aerated waters through the streets of Bourke, and to-day he stands amongst the working class, one of the soundest men in Bourke. Coming from Scotland when little more than an infant his sympathies are with Australia and Austra- lians. Possessed of considerable means and property he has paid a visit to Bourke in order to dispose of some of it. It will be re- membered that it was he who caused the Municipality of Bourke to be represented by three Aldermen in the three different wards. 