SOCK AND BUSKIN. \- \ V \ THR HAMLET OF THJD FUTCI1E. Writing ho tlio London Daily Tulku uaph Mr, xriiiero saul : — ' Already tlie music hall supplies t-he- fashion or our pantomines awl of nhnfr rriiich we still persist in culling burlesque: by-and.bye it willstriko the keynote oi the draiua." Thk White-eyed Kaffir (as Hamlet) i _ Las good old Yorrick I Golly, dis chilo know Imu velly well, you bet I" « Tbvco changes on the theatre bills to-night. Critics, please divide into the requisite num ber of parts. Tbo Bells of ILtselmere at tho Royal will ring out gaily, though not within sound of London Day by Lay. J « . Henry Pcttitt and Sydney Grnndy are jointly responsible for the Bulls. -Bland Holt is open to back thorn for tone and general good qualities against those imported for the Post-office clock. Tho Silver Shield will bo played at tho Criterion to-night in place of Imprudence. Harry bfc. Maiir produced it in Brisbane some yoars ago. 9- John P. Sheridan finished a most successful season at tho Garriok last night. ' Tho Widow proceeds to Melbourne. Janet Achnrch and Charles Charrington onon at the Garriek to-night in Masks and Faces. m # Herbert Fleming and Georgo Loitcli aro with tho Aciiurch Company, and the latter has a strong part in Foryet-me-not. The Majeroni benefit at Her Majesty's was a. groat success, and considerably over JJ400 has boon realised. Curing tho week the Corsican Brothers has drawn good houses, and tho drama is splen didly mounted. 9 9 poorgo Rignold lias achieved a genuine triumph with his dual impersonation of tho Corsican Brothers. # Business is still good at the Alhambra Music Hall, where there is a first- class ontor- taininorit. # D'Arcy Stanfield gave an entortainmont entitled Merry 'thoughts and Happy Moments at tho Theatre Royal, Grafton, last Thurs- 1 day. Writing of the last night of the Montague- Turner season in Brisbano, tho Boomerang i says This was understood to bo tho final appearance in Brishano of Mr. Turner and 1 Miss Montague, and as their musical career has been both creditable and consistent, thoy have made and will always rotain many frionds and admirers in Brisbano. . # " Listen to My Tale of Woo " bidB fair to bo as popular as "Annio Roonoy " or tho "BogioMan." Frank Ayr ton's antics at tho mnsquorado ball in the Corsican Brothers aro very amusing. # # # Fred Macoabo is"' in Sydney again. He wears wondorfully well considering the nuinbor of years bo has been amusing the public. It is not true that Jack Sweeney has volunteorcd for sorvioo in tho mounted polioo in Queensland. Ho's waiting until the strike is over. , m Tho Old 'Un is going to suppor with Joe Tolano at tho conclusion of the Corsican Brothers. Tho Btock pullet will furnish tho meal. # » « Tho Idler and Moths havo been produced at tlio Royal, Adelaide, by Mr. Cartwright and Miss Olga Nothersolo, and Mr. Haddon Chambers' play has scored . the greater success. Tho Slado Murray English Burlesquo Company aro touring in Queensland. # # Professor Fernandez has -been making balloon ascents and parachute descents at the Oval, T'amwortb. ' X , ,# Mantiabou's latest American importation, T/ts Country Fair, will be played at Her ' Majesty's in n fortnight. The Montague Xn'ruov. Opera Company have baou at the Olympic Hall, Tamworth,"1 during the week. It 'I'roralore was produced last night. Advicos from Broken Hilt report ' a successful season by the Myra, Keniblo Comedy Company. Dr. Dill proved a great draw. 9 e L. J. Lohr lias left for New Zealand to mako arrangeuienta for Madame . Patey's eoneert tour, 'i'lio business could not bo iii better hands. # e At the Royalty Theatre, London, licensed to: Miss Rate Santloy, Ibsen's Ghosts lias been produced by tho organisers of tlici Theatre Libre. The London Daily Telegraph says " Tho play deals with tho transmis sion of loathsome disease from father to sou, and touches lightly on incestuous intercourse. . It is_ needless to say that this work has not received tho sanction of tho Examiner of Stage Plays for public performance. / 