ICE BOUND. -0 Br W. CLARKI RUSSELi, t' GfIAI'TEtt 27-LContinuod, "My lands," said I, "my rig is a strange one, but I'11 explain all shortly. The clothes I was cast away inll are below, and I'll show you them.l'Im no -lpecter, but as real as you; though I have gone through so much that, if I ant not a ghsrt, ±t is no fault of old Ocean, but owing to the mercy of God.OMy name Is 1Paul Rodney, and I'm a native of London. You, sir," says I, addressing the ollg manss, "are, I presume, the master of the Busan Tuckers" "At your sarvice-o osiah Tucker is my name, and that ship is my wife, Susan." "Capt. Tucker, and you, men, will you please step below?" says I. "The weather promises fair; I have much to tell, andl there is that in the cabin which will give you pa tlence to hear me." I descended the companion stairs, and they all followed, making the interior that had been so long silent ring with their heavy tread, while from time to tinmeagruff, h0orse whisper broke from one of themo. But sui perstition lay strong lpon their imagination, S and they were awed and quiet. The day light came down the hItch, but for all that the cabin was darksome. I waited till the lIst man had entered, and then said: "Before we settle down to a bowl and a yarn, captain, I should like to show you this ship. It'll save me a deal of de scription asnd explanation if you will be pleased to take a view." "Lend on, mister," said be; "but we shall have to s:ap our eyelids and raise fire inl that way-for durned if I, for one, call see in the dark." I fetched three or four lanterus, and light ing the candles distributed them among the men, and then in a procession, headed by the captain and me, ~o made the rounds. I had half cleared the arms room, but there were weapons enough left, and they stared at them like yokels in a booth. I showed them the cook house and the forecastle, where the deck was still littered with clothes and chests and hammocks, and after carrying them aft to the cabins gave them a sight of the hold. I never saw men more amazed. They filled the vessel with their exclamations. They never oiffered to touch anything, being too much awed, but stepped about with their heads un covered, as quietly as they couhl, as though they had bee in a vault, and the influence of strange and terrifying memorials was upon thenm. I also showed them the clothes I had conso away from the Laughing Mary in; andl that I might submit nech an aspect to them as should touch their sympathies, I whipped off the cloak and put on my own pilot cloth coat. There being nothing more to see I led them to the cook room, and there brewed a great. hearty bowl of brandy punch, which I sea soned with lemon, sugar and spices into as relishable a draught as my knowledge in that way could compass, and, giving every man a pannikin, bade him dip and welcome, myself first drinking to them with a brief speech.. This ceremony ended, I began my story, beginning with the loss of the Laughing Mary and proceeding step by step. I told themi of the dead body of Mendoza, but said nothing about the Frenchman and the uilate and the Portuguese boatswain, lest I should. malo them afraid of the vessel, and so get no help to work her. As to acquainting them with may recovery of Tassard, after his stupor of eight-and.forty years, I should have been mute on that head in any case, for so extraordinary a relation could, from such people, have earned me but one of two opin ions--either that I was mad and believed in an iml,ossibl)ity, or that I was a rogue and dealt in unagic, and to be yelnti!enetly shunned. Yet there were wonders enough in my story without this, and I recited it to a run ning commentary of all sorts of queer Yan kee exelaun)tion. They were a good deal puzzled when I told them of the msines I had smade an4 sprung in the ice. They reckoned the notions fine, but could not corcelvo how I had, single handedl, broken out the powder barrels, got themn over the side, and fixed them. "Why," said I, "'tswas slow, heavy work, of course; but a isns who labors for his life will do marvelous things. It is like the jusmp of a hnlllted stag." "True for you," says the capteain. "Aswim of two miles spend muse in plea·l.iin'; but I've swumn eight umiles to asveh'ny life, and stranded fresh as a new hooked cod. What', your intentions, sir' "To sail the schooner home," said I, "if I can get help. Shilo's too good to abandon. She'll fetch money in England." "Ay, as a show." "Yes, and as a coahnlman. Rig her mod ernly, and carry your forecastle deck intc the head, captain, and she's a brave ship, fit for a Baltimore eye." lie stroked down the hair upon his chin. "'1)ip, ettptiln; dip, my ladls, there's. enough of this to derO'sn yi s tlse hold." said I, "pointing to the bowl.: "Coine, this is a happy mleeting for imie; let it be a merry one. Captain, I drink to the Susan Tucker," "Sir, your servant. lHere's to your sweet heart, be she wife or maid. Bill, jaump on deck and take a look around. See to the boat." One of the menm went out. "Captain," said I, "you are a full ship." "Thlat's so." "ltiglit asway." "You have umen enough and to spare. Lend me three of your hliaids to help me to the Thllumes) nud I'll repay you thus: ThereCIc shllould be near 100 tons of winle indt hrasndy, of exquisiite vintage and chloice with age Ie yolild ianngingoa, in the hold. Take what you will of Ihut freights theri'll Ie tes timues the vaile cif yolr aIny ill yours lic:kjlgs, iuntlest as you lnsay prove. HIelpiyoUlirielf to the loth.ese ii tile cabil aslid forecastle: they will turns to accosunt. For the lesi yull wvill spare, andi who will volunteer to hellp me, this will be my undertakinsg: the shlp lid asll thait is ii hier to be sold on liers iarrival, and tihe pro ceels equally dlividat. Shall we call it £1,000 luiiece! C'aptain, sihe's well foundsi-lier in ventory wouldh miake a list as loung as you; ldi uniny 4 bligger sium, but lhere sule is-you shall Ovetlactt !i,'r hold and judge for your self. I watched hul l'axiouslty. -Ni laan spoke, but every eye wsas uipon hiiss. lie sat pulliug down the hair isi his chin, then juinpiing up1} on a suddeni and extending his hand, lue cried: "Shake!--lt's a airgaln, if the ruen'll Jline." "'ll jiune" exclaimcd at man. There was a Isauss. uiAsnu nue," said the negro. I was gpfui pf this, riud looked earnestly at the othlers, "Is ailo iight ?" said a slan. "As a tottle," asiel I. They fell silent again. "Joe Wilkinseon andl Wtaslingtou Crosm well-themu tvwo jinls," said the raptain. "Bllies, hle wnts a third. Doun', blaelk all together." 'IThle nuu nnuslcd "Bill'" at this momenses rce tIurissIt to the cook reeos aind ireporteds all well above. My oRiler wass repeated to himi but li he slhook his head. "This is thie ilorn, ntecs,"saic le. "There's a duelnl i' a'ii.!'ri't,5l) thIid liih h!i Tlanles. Hiow do sal siit No luina knows.as "I want inore but wiliafig neiC?," saild I "Almcricans make as good sailors as the Englishl. Wlhat an English senssman call face asny of yoi caill, T'h'er4 is unuothc negro in the boat. Will you let him step aboard, captain lie many joinh" A mian was sent to take hIis place. Pres I - - . . ni'ly he arrived, and I gave him a cup of ,,1nch. :, R "''Slpaini the business to Ilht, sir," said the captafi, tilling his pannikin; ''his name's Billy litt." I lill so; and when I told hint that Wash ington Cromuwell had offere?l, he instantly said: "All right, mnassa, I'l be ob yah." Thlis was exactly what I wanted, and had there been it third negro I'd have preferred him to the white nnul. "But how are you going to navigate this craft holme with three wlent" said the nlan Bill to me. "There'll be four-we shall do. The fewer the more dollars, hey, Wilkinsonl" lIo grinucdl, and Cromwell broke into a ventral laugh. They scented very well satisfied, and so was I. CIHAPTER XXVIII. I fTRIKE A BIARGAIN WITII TIHE YANKEE. The captain put his cup down;. the bow - was empty; I offered to brew another jorum, but he thanked me and .said- no, adding sig nflicantly that he would have no more here by which Ie iteant that he would brew for himself in his ownl ship anon. .Thedrink had rmado himn cheeiful and good natured. lie reconuneniled that we should go on deck and set about trans-shipping while the weather held, for lihe was an old hand in these seas; and neverliirusted the skies longer than a quarter of ani holur. "This here list," says he, "wants remedy ilg, and tlhat'll follow our easin' of the hold." "Yes," said I, "and I should be mighty thankful if soime of your men would see all clear aloft for' me, that we might start with running rigging that'll travel, capstans that'll revolve, and sails that'll spread." "Oh, we'll manage that fibr:yon," said he. "Tru-ly sihe's been bad froze-very bad froze. Durned if ever I see a worse freeze." So saying, he called to Bill, who seemed the principal than iof the boat's?ro?w, and gave him some directions, and imniediately afterward all the men entered the bohat and rowed away to.the ship. While they were absent I carried the cap tain into the hold and left him to overhaul it. I told him that all the spirits, provislons and the like were in the hold and lazarette, which was true enough- wanting to keep him out of the run-though, thanks to the precaution I had taken, I was in no fear even if lie should penetrate so deep aft. Before lie came out five-and-twenty stout fellows arrived in four boats from the ship, and when we went on deck we found themn going the rounds of the vessel, scraping the guns to get a viewof them, peering down the coim panion, overhauling the forecastle well, as I call the hollow beyond the forecastle, and staring aloft with their faces full of grinning wonder. . The captain sang out to to them, and they all mustered aft. "Now, lads," said he, "there s a big job be fore you-a big job for Cape Horn, I mnean; and you'll have to slip through it as if you was grease. When done there'll be a carouse, afid I'll warrant ye all such a sup that the most romantic among ye'll never cast nu other pining thought in the direction o' your mlother's milk." Having delivered this preface, he dirided the men into two gangs-one, under the boatswain, to attend to the rigging, clear the canvas of the ice, get tie pumps and the cap stans to work, and see all ready for getting sail onl the schooner; the other, under the second mate, to get tackles aloft and break out tile cargo, taking care to trim ship while so doing. They fell to their several jobs with a will. 'Tis the habit of our countrymen to sneer at the Americans as sailors, affirming that if ever they wilt a battle at sea it is by the helpl of British renlegades. But this I protest: after witnessing the smartness of those 1Tinkee whalemen, I would sooner charge the English thalt the Americans with lubber lilness, came tihe pItical pierits of the two nations ever before mie to decide upon. They lhad the hatches open, tackles aloft and men at work below while the mariners of other countries would have been standing looking onl plld "jawing" upon the course to be takent. iSonte overran the fabric" aloft, clearing, cutting away, pounding, making the ice fly in storms; others sweated the cap stans till they clanked; others fell to the pumnps, wol'kindig with hammer i and kettles of boiling wate?r. The wolnli'lous old schooner was never busier-no, iot in tile hey day of her flag, when her guns were blazlig and her people yelling. As half-past three inl the afternoon the breeze began to sit in dark curls upon the water, and there was evidence enough ini the haziness in tlhe west, and in the loanrt of the shoulders of vapor in tile dark blue obscure. there, to warrant a sackful for this capful presently:,. . "I reckon," says tile captain to ame, after looking into the west, "that we'd best knock off now, There's lnow andti wind yonder, alnd we'd better see all snug while there's tiell." lie called to one of the miets to tell tile sec. oend mate to colie lir from lbelow and get the hatches on, and bringing lite to the rail lie pointed to a boat, and asked if that woutld dot I said yes, and thonked himn heartily for the gift, which was handsomle, I must say the boat being a very good one. though, to be sutre, lie lied got ninny times its value out of the scllppnei' anltd a party pf inerl were forthwith told'olt ti get tle'liooat hoisted and stowed. L The captain then shook iee by tile. !allndl, anid, calliig a farewfell to i'llklnso!l tarl tile negroes, scrambled into the lhains amid dropped into hlis boat, very highly satisfied, I make no doubt, with the business he had done that day. A boat's crew were left behind to helpl us to make sail. But the weather looking sonie what wild in the west, witl the red light of thie sut itulong tli elouuis [helte, a lld the llrk heave of the swell Irlrliulnig into a sickly crinsont under tlie sull, anud tlhe flowiug out dusky again, I got th[llt to treble reef the inaiusail and hoiist it, tlnd tihen thanking tihelnm, adsuiseI lihen in 1te off. \We gave themi a chleer wliictl tlcy staiirted, wlcLh the[y re [iurnuil, and thlie, ipnitting Criitwell to[ the tili' elne, Iwcn rwari with iit othllers iandi set tile topsisil ainit forestayl~ui (thie ppl'ita.il lyinlg fulrledl), whichl woiilt be sllow ellollugh of cnalvias till I saw wlhat the weatllher was like, I kept tile topsail labauk, waitinrg for a boat to arrive with iny charlt, pltlli III a fews inlutes thie boat we liul chlouered reiturtled nwllth what I wantedtcl. tenatnwihilo they wvero shiortening sail our the whllaler; and, though shite was nIo boinuty, yet I tell youl I foundtl her as picturesllue as any ship I itnd ever beheld as shite lay with ier rluulituopgllulitsatl cloweil uip,, ler top sall Sa'lds oil l.[lh Calsi lull| tile lt'sids of lunt knlotting thie renf lpointi s?inowing bIlackc over the white cloths, licr hull floatitng up ourt of the hollow nidl flillging is wet oranige gleamn to the west, a tiltuiblo of creany fouint ahbout her to lher rolhlirg-shadlows like thle passage ofphaantonr handi s hurryilng over her sails to tite swavyilg of her ritasls, alul tIhe swelllltg pea darsllkiig qlli ICtrn eldq hlio PIist, I holoweil runy hianuIs,hnd Iihtlinirg the cap. trin, wile was sln hetlo quarter !leck, asked hllt for till, Intle Iy his chlllronometeor. Io liourlislio, hlis pllllt p,'' cllsin le Url"ptI, inill presentl"y 'eturniii' shotteil to itow ilfI wtas i ji ld y , I u l lt l t h i , k e y " i i il y w ai t h l l ln fll lln - ?psred l lyes, until terltt ieu il the thltns . ltIy watch, t[uiughh anttiqui, eao a noble piece ufl'lichasiisan, ani I have little doubt a? trustworthy as his chronolmeter. But I iyas carefill to let it lie snug in my lund. I did not want the negro at the tiller nor the others to sce it. 'They would wonder that so fine a jeweled piece as this should be in the possession of: a second mllate of a little brig, aind it was my business to manage that they.neover should have cause to won de'r at tlything in that way. . The dtisk of thel evening came quick out of the cakLand the wind freshened with a lonl' cry T'i our rigging, as if the eastern darkness was i'foee it was rushing out of the west to meet. I brought the schooner north northeast by my compass, and watched her behavior anxiously. The swell was on thes quarter, and the wind and sea a trifle abaft the larboard beam; she leaned a.little to the weight of her clothes, but was surprisingly stiff considering how light she was. "'ilkin son and the negro came and stood by my side. The'sea broke heavily from the weather bow, and the water roared white under' the lee bonds and spread astern in a broad wake of foam.niThe whaler did not brace his yards up till after we had slarted, and now hung a pale, faint mass in the windy darkness on the quarter. A tincture of rusty red hovered, like smoke colored by the furnace that pro. duces it, flIthe west, but the night had drawn dlown quick and dark; the washing noise of the water was sharp, the wind piercingly coldi; eaich sweep of the schooner's masts to windward was followed by a dull roaring of the blast rushing out of the hollows of the canvas, adlt she swung to the seas with wild yaws, but with regularity sufficient to prove the strict government of the helmhu. But it was being at sea, homeward bound, too.: Therewas no wish of mine, engendered by sny hideous loneliness on the Ice, by my abhorred association with the Frenchman, that I could not refer to as, down to this mo ment; gratified. My heart hounded; my spirits could not. haVe been higher had this ocean bein the Thames, and yonder dark flowing hills of water the banks of Erith and the Gravesend shore.., . I turned to the thr;ee men.; "My lads," said I, "you prov-e yourselves finle bold fellows by thus volunteering. Do not fear; if God guides us home-to may home, I mean-you shall find a handsome account in this busi ness." "Six more chaps would have Jlned had th' ole man biln willin'," said Wilkinson. "But best as it is, master, though she's' a trifle short handed." "Why, yes," said I, "but being fore and aft, you know I It isn't as If we'd got courses to hand and topsails to reef." "Ay ny, dat's de-troof," cried Billy Pitt. I tort o' das. Fore an' aft makes de differ ence. Don't guess I should hab volunteer haLd she been a brig." "There are four of us," said I. "You're my clisef mate, Wilkinson.' Choose your watch." "I choose Cromuwell," said lihe; "he was in my watch aboard the whaler." "Very well," I exclaimed; and this being settled, and both negroes declaring them selves good cooks, we arranged that they should alternately have the dressing of our victuals; that Wilkinson shousld have the cabin next mine, and the negroes the one in which the Frenchman had slept, one taking the other's place as he was relieved. I asked Wilkinson what he thought of the schooner. He answered that he was watch ing her. "There's nothin' to find fault With yet," said ho; "she's a whale at rolling, sartinly. I guess she walks, though, I reckon she's had enough of the sea, like me, and's got the scent o' the land In her nose, I guess old Noah wasn't far off when her lines was laid. BMebbo his sons had the building of her.. There's something scriptural in her cut. How old's she, master?" "Fifty years and mnore," said I. "Deo's lnufltu partickler in dsit," cried Cromwell. "I knows a wessel dat am 101 years old, s'clp me as I stand. "I don't know how the whaler's heading," said 1 ~'but this schooner's a canoe if we aren't droppilg hleri " Indeed she was scarce visible astern-mere windy flicker, hovering upon the pale flash ings of the foam. It might be perhaps that tihe whaler was making a more northerly courlse thau we, and under very snug canvas, though ours was snug enough too; but be this as it lmay, I was mightily pleased with the slipping qualities of the schooner. I never could have dreamed that so odd and ugly a f figure of a ship would show such heels. But I think this: we are too prone to view the ha ndiwork of our sires with contempt. I do not know but that their ships were as fast as ours. They made many good passages. They might have proved themselves fleeter navigators had they had the sextant and chrcuoloietes~ to heljp them along, Fifty years hence, prlihaps, mannklud will em aiughing tit pur cindities Iwe, by Heav.en, whq flatter ourselves that tlti art of shipbuilding and inavigatioq will never be carried higher than the pitch to which we have raised them I Cromwell being at the tiller, I told Billy Pitt to go below and get supper, Instructing himn what to dress and how much to msix for a bowl-for, i-s you kpow, there was nothinsg but spirits and wino t, a?asson our repasts uWith. I saw Cromswell grin widely into the binnaclo candle flame when he heard me talk of haml, tongue, sweetmeats, marmalade, and the like for sapper, together with a can of hot claret, and knowing sailors' nature mlddlipq well, I hlil not ulosbt that the fare q?f t'ei schooner wquld bring the" three' nmen more into love with the adventure than even; the reward that was to follow it, CHAPTER XXIX. C I VALUE THE LADING. t4 The day had been so full of businessc ther had been so much to engage my mind, that it was not until I was seated at supper in the old cook room, isl whlicli I Illad passed ti lnany melanchply jiours, that I foutid rsyself able' to take a calm survey of msy situation, andl to comlnare the various mIotions of iny fortunes. I could scarcely indeed believe thlat I was not in a dlreanm, frous which I t t-lhould awakemn presently, and dliscover Illy elf still securely inlssr'isonedl in the ice, and alt those lpussages of the powder ilasts, the t liberatiou of tile schooner! ssy lonely dlays is a seer gloat;, mly esngointer wilth the whaler, as f visionary and vanishing as those slusky forl's ., vapor which Ilad swarmed in giant shape o over soy little open boat, hut evel if conlrnlmation hald Ieeu waniting il the sable visage of Billy Pitt, who sat near o the furnace nsuslcehlig away with prodligious , eijoyment of his fool, and bri'lginig Ilts can of Ihot spiced wine frolm his vast blubber lips r with a mighlty sigh of deep delight, I must s1 have found it ill each hissing lelip and roans Ing plhngs of the old piratical buckeet, so full tl of hles vitllity of thll ws'ls , uwolless pioysias, o0 lutek wlvitshlil tlfs'lifs imst'lnots 'of a vessel ,, storminlg through the deep with buoyanstkeel i and undler full control. Ohs heavenl hIow dif n ierent from the dull ambling of the mnorningl, a the sluggishl pitchilng and rolling to the weakl t pulling of the sprltsaill I was up nuq dodow I god l(ea) tulrnlssg tihe usght. B3ut for the tr'asusro 5 sl~ouls l~avo I;ces less iix'niois, I dshre sy. I had core so tl succcssflly to thils poiint that I t'iu9 resolvedl s1 if pl"s hoplss p'erOBe I, sel'ey, Irth ulisfsort psi iloils nubt he owiug ' s w"Vls ,' vsigihiuce e an 15y loIrt; ssand there haIhl ied 555 i'idenths whicih "inoeijtaly tiui'l,,, ti Ishs'iip suy iy wetechfsihies's, thoughs I was perfeetly LoS sciouns its was a million t one against its oo curring a second.time. I cnatc oil deck to relieve Wilkinson atl ° midnight, after a half hoisu's nodding doze by the furlnaco below. Hlo ewent to his cabin; I stood under the lee of a cloth seized in the weather main rigging. Pitt arrived, and' I told him i*he could return to the cook house and stay there till I called him. The helm being lashed and the schooner doing very well, nothing wanted watching in particular, yet I would not have tile deck abandoned, and meant to keep a lookout turn and turn about with Pitt, as Wilkinson and Cromwell had. She snow had ceased, but it was very dark and thick, the ocean a roaring, welter ' ing shadow, palpitating upon the eyes in roll ing folds of blackness, with the quick expir ing flash of foam to windward. On a sud denli, looking over the weather quarter, mile thought I discovered a deeper shlilo in the night there than was elsewhere perceptible. It was like a great blot of ink upon the lark ness. Even while I speculated it drew out in the shape of a ship ruunluig I,efore the gale. SShe seemed to be heading directly for, us. The roof of my louth turned :iry as desert annd; my tongue lnd litmbs re fused their office; I could neither cry nor stir, being indeed paralyzed by the ter rible suddenness of that apparition and the imminence of our peril. It all hnppened while you could have told thirty. .The great black mass surged up with the water boiling about the bows; she birouighta thulndr along with lier in her rigging and sails as s she soared to the crowns of the seas she was sweeping before. I could not tell what cnn-all vas she was tinder, but her speed was a full ten knots, and as I did not see lier till she was close she looked to comlle upon lis With i single bound. Site lpassel us to windward within a stone's throw, and vanished like a dark cloud inelting into the surrounding blacknless. Nt a gleam of light broke from her; you heard nothing but the boiling at t-her bows and the thundlerous peling of the gale inl ler callvas. A quarter turnl of the .wheel would have sent us to the bottom, and her, no doubt, on top of tls. Whether she was the Susall Tucker or solilo other whaler, or a big South sea man driveil lolw and get ting wllat aesting she could out of the gale, I know-io ' Shuo was as comnplete a nmystery of the ocean night as any spectral fabric, and a heavier terror to me than a phantasm worked by ghosts could have proved. I knew such a thing could not happen again, yet when I called Pitt I talked.to him about it as though we must certainly be run down if he did not keep a sharp lookout; andt when my watch below cane round at 4 o'clock, I was so agitated that I was uip and down till daybreak, as though my duty did not end till then. The gale moderated at sunrise; and though Sit was a gloomy, true Cape Hornb morning, with dark driving clouds, the sea a dusky olive, very hollow, and frequent small quick squalls of sleet, which brought the wind to us in sharp guns, yet as we could see where we were going, I got the schooner before it, heading her east northeast, and uinder a reefed topsail, mainsail and staysail the old bucket stormed through it with the sputter and rage of a line-of-battle ship. There was a logreel and line on deck, and I found a sand glass in the chest in my cabin in which I had met with the quadrants, perspective glass and the like, and I kept this log regu Inrly going, making ia point of depar tro on the chart the American captain had giveu me, which I afterwards found to be within two leagues and a hll of the trite position. C But for three days the weather continued so heavy that there was nothing to be done in the shape of gratifying the men's expecta tions by overhauling what was left of the cargo. Indeed, we had no leisure for such work; all our wakinghours had to be strictly l dedicated to the schooner, and ill keeping a lookout for ice. Ullt the nloriling, of the fourth day broke with a fline sky and a ibrisk breeze from a little to the east of south, to which we sllowed every cloth the scellouier had to throw abrolll, andt being now by deadl reckollingl within a few leagues of thll insir ilina of 60 degs,, I slhapedl a course north iy east by my compass, wsil{ the design of get ting a view of Staten Island that I might correct my calculations. When we hald mdl cmpill lind got our blreak fast, I loll Wilkison alndL Croawell (Pitt beinig at the tiller) that now was a good olp portullity for inspecting the colltents of the hohl; and (not to lie tedious in this part of my relation, however I mlay have sinied in this respxst elsewhere) we carried lanterns below, and spent the better part of the fore noon in tIaking stock. Froni a rop- of the nlemnorandum I liade oil tlut t,'s'a`sion (still in nly possessinil I !llsco redl hl tlai the Yatn kee captain hasdleft Istie foillolwing: Thirty five caskls of imI, Itwenty-ighlt. lughlleadns of claret, sixty Ipuncheons for blsanlidy, forty casks of shlerr, eighlteen eases of beer int bottles, togothleir with a nullhmber of "lieces" of gill, as it is called. In niblition to this were, thll stores in the lanzrette, besides a qullantity of several kinds of wilio in jlss, ete,, elsewhere ensmllnerteil, besides all the bhlip's fIlrnliture, her giunsi, pow lel ciilll in'ls, etc., Ias well ti the ship Iherlself, I took the nltei into the run and showed thsen the chests, ollening t,le little one which stefsl sltoked with smrall arllms, and liftilg the lids of two or three of the others. They were iperfectly ltistlledl; F fully believed the chests to 1.l tilled with sniil arms alls lithing else, I1d so ? e ' iLcaIe away put!! teltinelle lit the cllhin, whelre, to please tllleni, I plt doiwn thlie vailuo of the cargo at a vlatllsr', slttlig figliures agsainlst encl irptlitle, anll Illaklng olut. total of £2,li10. Tills, of oourse, included the shi,. "How miiuclit'l dat be isa lthia Inlassal" asked Crolmwell. "Six hunlldrCJ fll sixty pouinds," I anl. ssverssl. The poor fellow was so tnii?1sportled that, after staring at !!ia (!it llessce with the cor nela? epf his inoutli stretchell to his ears, he tossesl up his ilullis, lhisret into a roar of linighter, aiid iilade seveiail skilps about the deck. "'iSy ilglies is"y lS slse:L s Sh'rt of tlIs' truth. lhint if ylui irse dis?losled to tlik tlLi chliine, l 'll tell youi whlit 1l11 l1; II isaid Iy T iliy figurtc, nllcsltlLisg tlhe tisk ifi lhe ivalies of - thi s lieaslisig Isl-'i less theiis whliat I s5y it is, and inusertllbaksl togivoeacsh iIuit sf yos '1 t 000I for yu r .isliarei." "\Well, sis," sisl he, "I don't kiosw that I ou?ght tlo lcject ]Itlnt 1a few ionullsl isi a iat telr of griait snsslittsuIoine to isei, tilns I reckon if tlhese bere gooils iund the e?sesel siioull tunrn out to Ise worth n10oro tlnui ye citer, the loss n'd go ngill the grit-iy, if 'tsve-e 8''20 a lla"." I Iltughesl, nil toll liiln to let thie malntter lrest; tlhere was pileonty of tio Iseforeo ius; I sholl I b wsilling to stand Iy lly n fiy e evoel if I Itit by it, so ILcartily Obligisi 'was I to thloll fep ceiihsg tis ain i.ailsistanle. And in this 'Isp'like tle tsruth l, ihu as you will indlcistand lwho kiow ly lsSition, I had to finesso. It wCvet against Iny conseielce to nmake out tlhat the chests werle fsll of snmall arl-ss; but 1 slhould llIve hoep ~ llas t~o tell then tile s ' tt lti ttlt! l ptlu'lili sy) tlhe truth omake liyiis pt i ilwieho. 5l, alisi proilnlshed to relmnailn, stcntly, t.llmieIalte, honst follows. j was not goverield bl" tiIe deslre to keep all tilhe tlrusli? to l'ysslfu lini I vow to God I U elshoilsh have isees glsln toii gise theln1 u Inoiety li of it hid I lits IlplisIrehisnLdeLd Ihie viery griavest Si Cnlsl clisiliss-s if I svelo e. slisl with tlheim. l Thil s, sureliy,11, iisll b e so lhitl thaLit it is 1 idle is go oii illsilstigeon it, The hue s icather, the golsllen isito that wa3 ('I. ie Contl insleed)O 