NEWS OF THE DAY. The latost particulars to hand conoerning the wreck of tho Craigburn show that terriblo hard ships wero endured by the survivors. Five of the hands wero drowned by tho upsetting of ono of tho lifeboats, as has already beon roported, but tho 11 men who went out to sea in another lifeboat were picked up oarly in tho morning by tho stoam tug Eagle, after boing out all night oxposod to intense oold. Tho captain, first mate, carpenter and a seaman were loft on hoard tho vessel, and it was not until after several hours' delay that life saving apparatus was go't on board. Tho captain and carpenter got ashore in tho breeches buoy, but tlio mato refused to leave the ship, and ono seaman remained with him until the ship broke aoross the middle. The seaman got safely ashore, but the mato was carried away by the current and drowned. The wreok thus involved tlio loss of six lives. An incidont that will cxcito considerable attention is tho alleged conduct of the captain of tho Eagle in demanding £500 to take tho vessel in tow in such an emergency, nnd the altercation wliioh took plaoc regarding this demand will pro. bably form a subject for special inquiry. The statements on this point aro conflicting. It seems quito clear tlint if the ship lind been tnkon in tow immediately, she would have lioen saved. The withdrawal of the oustoms stenmer, Lady Lock, from tlio assistance of tho Craig burn is another circumstanoo that requires attention, ns is also the failure of the Qticcnscliff lifeboat to go earlier to tho assistance of tlio men on board the doomed ship, especially when tho pilot and 13 men weathered the storm all night in nn open boat. The ship Craigburn, whon onco she got undor tho oontrol of tlio heavy seas, went to pioecs rapidly, nnd at I o'clock on Saturday afternoon she had almost disappeared. The hoavy bump ing the vessel got on tha rooks gradually smashed the bottom awny, and s)ie settled down on hor starboard side. Tlio mizonmast then wont overboard, nnd a great rent that opened out on tho sido allowed that sho had hrokon hor haok. The other masts foil within a short timo of eaoli other, and the waist of the ship gradually sank beneath tho water. The two men left on board wero driven by the seas from one place to onothor, and at last the sea man, Mackenzie, got into the cradle attaohed to the thin lino conneotcd with the sboro, and was hauled through tho serf. The passage was a dangerous one, nnd the man was hauled up on the rooks more dead than alive. Aftor ho landed tho chief officer, Mr. Uro, attcmptod to got ashore. Ho mado one end of the lino con nected with tho life saving apparatus fast to his body, and lowered himself into the sen. The people on tho rocks pulled the line in, but the rope oitlior became unfastened or.broke, and tho unfortunate follow was carried out to sea. The only portions of tho wraok visiblo yesterday were about 30 feet of the bow and a portion of the foremast. The only, body washed nsfaoro was that of ,the apprentice Hubert Blaokburn, and a magisterial inquiry into tha onuso of his death will bo hold at Sorrento to- day. Tho pilot who was in ohnrgo of tho navigation of tho ship Grnigburn, which became a total wreck off tho Back Bench on Friday night prefers to reserve his statement of the circum stances which led up to tlio disaster for the Alarino Bonrd. According to the regulations of that body a detailed report must ho sent into them by the pilot so soon ns posslblo and tho pilot's statement must be signed by tlio captain. Mr. Blanchard would be ablo to comply with the rules at onoo only he has not yob aeon Captain Kerr, so the board must await official information until he is ablo to sco liirn. In another portion of this issue n lengthy statement appears, which was supplied by Pilot Blanchard, embodying a portion of bis experiences, but ho lias nothing to say what ever upon soma of the points which, owing to the assertions of others connected with the disaster, nro regarded by tho publio ns of special importance. Since tho trying ordeal wliioh he underwent, namely, exposure for 13 hours in an open boat during heavy weathor, he lias been confined to his bed in his house at Wil liainstown. Tho American ship J. H. Sonminoll, which struck tho rooks at Spring Creek, near Barwon Heads, on Thursday night, broke up com pletely during tho galo of Friday night. On Saturday morning the ooast for miles along was strewn with wreokago, thousands of keroseno tins glittering liko blocks of silver among tlio rocks, while pianos, harmoniums nnd children's perambulators were floating about In a pitiable ooudition. Tlioro was a rush of residents In tho neighborhood to scouro some of tho salvage before tho customs officers could establish their oordon, nnd many a box of tobacco is suspected of having been abstracted, but the wreckers in many instances will meot with bitter disappointment, for the floating kerosene from tho broken tins has permeated nearly every thing in tho vessel's hold. On Sunday there was a great ruah of visitors from Geelong, but tho polioo wero thero before thorn, and as a Btrict watch was maintained along the road, tho visitors remained spectators and nothing moro. Tlio boatswain makes a state ment that the J. H. Scnmmell on Thursday sailed in so oloso to tho Heads that thoy could see the smooth water across the Rip, and yet no pilot hailed them. Tlio Peninsular and Oriental R.AI.S. Carth ago, from London 3rd April with mails to 10th April, arrived at Albany at 4.15 yesterday morning. The vessel is oxpeoted to reach Adelaide on Thursday. Tho results of the effort made by the Depart ment of Agriculture to obtain a cool storage chamber for general use havo not been successful. A prize ot £300 was offered by tho department for a oool chamber for porislinblo produce, the chamber to be inexpensive in construction and at least 10 feet square, and maintain ntempornturo not higher than 50 degrees in tho hottest weather, without the aid of chemiaals, ice or expensive mnoliitiory. In Fobruary last year 114 entries wore to hand, but 50 wero withdrawn, when the compotitors wero requested to throw their chambers open to inspection. Tho hot weather of last year was nearly over before the experts could got to work, and they did little moro than ad vise a largo number of competitors to retiro, ns thoy had noohanoeof complying with tho condi tions. Thissummertheexamination was renewed, and Messrs. D. 'Wilson and A Crawford, the ex aminers, have now sent in their roport. Thirty entries were still left in the competition.' Only ono of tho competitors employed maohinery, this being a Victorian air-freezer, similar to that fitted up at the Newport works. It re quired a great and expenaivo power. Four designs wero on tho under ground system, while tiio remainder woro ou tlio sur face, mostly of timbor. Some of tho latter had double walls and roofs packed with ohnrooal or sawdust, and most of them used water as tho cooling ngent eithor by means of wet cloth between tho walls or by letting tho air pass over water channels under tho floors. Tho four undor ground chambers wore the best and coolest, and if the department's conditions arc to bo complied with it will only bo by means of such a system. Nono of the chambers fulfilled tlio test of 50 dogroos, so the exports do not recommend tho payment of any prize this year. They mention Air. Hamilton, of Redes- dale, and Air. Mullnne, of Riddeli's Creek, as having constructed chambers oontaihing useful hints for farmers. They recommend the depart ment to renew the prizes, offering £200 for tho best and oheapest machine for cooling a butter factory, chambers to bo 30 foot by 20 feet, nnd tho temperature 45 degrees ; nnd £100 for a farmer's cheap and well ventilated cool dairy without ice or chemicals, and a temperature of not more than 55 degrees. In connection with the rcoont decision of the Alinister of Agriculture regarding the bonus for the export of butter, tho secretary of tlio depart ment points out that the stoppage of the bonus was necessary to the encourngoment of tho other industries included in tho vote of £30,000. About half of this amount having been nbsorbed by the butter exportors, it was docidcd to draw tho lino there, and the other half will bo sot apart for tho export of fruit. Thero is £75,000 allotted io tho growth of various vogc- tablo produots ; divided into £25,000 for vines, a similar amount for fruits and another £25,000 for various speoial produota. Tho vote for factories is £37,000, half of which goos to creameries and butter factories and tho other half to faotorios for fruit preserving and drying and similar industries. As the resultof a conference at Trinity House, London, on tho adoption of a uniform system of buoyage, tho Premier has received a communica tion enclosing several recommendations on tho subject. It appears that tho British system ia alroady in accord with tlio Washington system in all essential paints, except that in tho Wash ington system only ono color is permissiblo for use on the starboard. So far as Groat Britain isconccrnod, the adoption of tho Washington practico would mako no oliango in buoyage in Scottish waters; a partial change would be necessary for England, whoro blaok buoys havo been occasionally used on tlio stnrbonrd ; and a completo rovorsal of practiao wouid be required for Ireland, where block has always beon used on tho starboard and rod on tho port side. Tho Trinity House oonferenco was pre pared to waive its objeotion to rod for tho star board color in the Washington system, as by so doing an international uniformity of practito might bo obtainable. Tho Viotorian Govern ment is asked for its views on the matter. The variouii methods suggested for obtaining tho opinions of a majority of tho people on the proposed Fedoral Constitution aro to rccctvo consideration at the next meeting of tho Trades Hall. Mr. H. A. Harwood will introduce the subject with tho following motion, of which he has given notico : — " That in the opinion of this council no scheme of intercolonial fedoration will bo satisfactory which does not provide — 1. For tlio abolition of plural voting. 2. That provision bo mado whereby a majority of tha electors may veto nny measure or measures passed by tho Legislature of the Commonwealth. 3\. That the Alinistry or Government shall be formed from tho representatives of oithor branch of tho Legislature. 4. That members of tho Sen ate be elected every three (3) years. 5. That before tho Federal Constitution becomes law, it and its sovornl provisions shall bo submitted to a direot voto of tho eleotora of tho whole colony for approval or rcjectiou, as the case inay bo." Tho passage of tlio bill whioli it is proposed to introduce into Parliament empowering tho A. U. Alcock Eloctrio Light and Motive Power Company Limited to light tho oity by electri city is to bo opposed by tho City Oounoil, as the Council intond to order tho work Itself. This decision wns arrived nt on Satur day at the quarterly meeting of tho Counoil. At the same meeting Cr. Godfrey drow atten tion to the fact that a meeting of tho counoil which was privately called, and to which the press representatives wero not admitted, had been reported next morning in The Age. Hoj thought tho council should decide to hold no moro private meotings. Cr. Bowon thought it was very hard if tho Mayor could not oall a private meeting when ho deemed it dcsirablo to do so. Cr. Smith expressed tho opinion that reporters should bo admitted to tho committee meotings if tho council could not sib in private. Cr. Leo doprccnted a remark by Cr. Pigdon that officials of the coun cil must havo been bribed to furnish a report of the proceedings, and pointed out that none of tho officials had bcon present at the meeting. Ho thought it waB most important to retain tho right of holding a private meoting. Some timo back, whon the council wore thinking of making a large purchase, if it had not disoussed tho matter in private, a syndicato would probably havo been forinod to doprivo the corporation of what it wanted. No notion wns taken in tho matter. At tho Mayor's luncheon, which wns hold after the meeting, Air. F. T. Sargood, In replying to tho tonst of the Ministry, gave another ofiioinl utternnco to tho statement that tho Government intended to push on the federation question when Parliament met, but did not further gratify tho curiosity of his brother legislators, except by assuring thorn thnt ho and Ills colleagues would liring forward measures that would bo productive of much legislative good. A deputation representing the State Sohool Touchers' Association on Saturday waited on Sir Frederiok Sargood, Alinister of Education, to lay boforo him certain resolution's passed by their organisation at a conference recently hold nt Bnllnrat. They intimated that they approved of the measure to abolish the result system, excepting that tliey did not liko tlie penal olause, and thought that the appeals should be to a technical board. The circular which the department had issued direot- big that pupil teachers studying for the first olnsx examinations should be relieved of after noon toeoliiug in order to pursue their studies, should be withdrawn, as it tended to dia- organisation, whilst pnid monitors could not bo so easily got, now that the school age had been reduced from 14 to 13. In reply, the Alinister s&id; lie agreed that tlio punishments under the penal olnuso should be quick nnd effeative. As to tho question of appeal, lie intended to intra- rluae a bill in tho next session of Parliament on tho Bubject. On tho pupil teacher subject lie would consider the suggested modification that the circular should'-only apply to the last throo months in tho year. The suggestion in favor of nasuring uniformity in the motliods of examina tions by inspectors hs also promissd to consider. A question of impiuved iciiiuneiatior, to female teachers in tho fourth and fifth classes, and another referring to long service inoremcnt, woro replied to by the Minister stating that tho finances of tho oolony were just now in such a stato as would not .pormit of any increased expenditure in the direotion indicated. The onoouragemont of the Victorian coal industry is regarded with a favorably oyo by tlio Premier, who is fully impressed with the extent and value of the Viotorian coal beds, but in his enpaoity as Treasuror Air. Alunro docs not feel prepared to grant the flnanoial aid that tho eoal companies, or even tho Alining department, would take if they could get it. So far ns the cncourngment of tl;e industry through tlio rail way service is concerned, the Premier is favorably inclined towards the construction of short branoli linos >to the collieries, and to tiie assistance of the mines by railway custom so far as is consistent witli economical management. As to tho brown oonl, tho Premier considers that its utilisation in the form of briquettes is properly a matter for private enterprise to develop, and that the Stato should not bo asked toinour heavy expense for oxporimenting in briquette manufacture, espooinlly as the brown ooal is a splendid fuol in its natural state. Although the briquettes are a popular fuel in Europe, the Premier is doubtful whether they oan bo made to pay on tho ratos of labor ruling in this oolony. Tho onsilago system has not mado tho pro gress among farmers that might havo bcon expected, but it ie attracting more general atten tion and will probably oome into oommon use when thoroughly umlaratood. Air. D. Wilson, tho agricultural expert, has reported on tho judging of the silos latoly competing under tho auspioes of tho Pyramid Hill Agricultural Society. Ho mentions fivo competitors who made silos in pits 20 to 30 feet long, 7 to 10 feet wido and 6 to 10 feet deep, witli 3 foot of solid earth on top as a weight, the oost being about £3 eaoli. Tlio first prizo was awarded to Air. A. Angus, who had producod a good foddor, his crop having beon cut greener and weighted quicker than tho others. Tho general fault wns loss of time In outting and weighting, but, considering this mistako, the samples wero good. Air. Wilson commonts on tho indifforoneo shown by the farmers towards this method of preserving foddor for tlio dry season. The rosult of this suicidal carelessness is that tho Victorian merohants havo to import about 200 tons of butter from New South Wales and New Zealand every year, while our own factories and creameries are shut for four months in tho twelve owing to want of milk. The foromon of the diamond drill at Alfrod- ton, near Bnllarat, has reported to tho Secretary of Alines having bottomed at 355 feet, after passing through 6 foot of wash. Ho has been instructed to put down another bore 600 feet sontli to ascertain approximately tho width of the gutter. Tho result of the prospect is con sidered satisfactory, especially ns a promiso was made that capital would follow the drill if the trial was successful, and it was on the strength of this projeotod enterprise that tho department undertook to bore in tlmt locality. The autumn meeting of the Alclbourne Hunt Club, which took place at Fiemington on Satur day, was poorly nttended, owing doubtless in n great measure to tlio unpleasant aspeot of the weather, and in perhaps a lesser degree to tho programme boing one of nn unsuitable character for a hunt olub gatharing. His Excolloncy tho Governor was present, and during the after noon tho Tramways Employes' Military Band performed in the grand stand, tho lawn boing in a very sloppy condition. Memoir won tho Soiling Race, followed by Partner and Shur, and in tlio Hnrdlo Race tlio places wero filled by Porcius, Eyry and Crusoe. Prattlor, who recently ran unsuccess fully in a poor field at ABpendale Park, won the Handicap Flat Race very easily, witli Accident second and Lady Golightly third, the winner's rovorsal of form being tlio signal for a burst of groaning from tho crowd assembled in tho pad- dook. Flashlight won the Steeplechase, which was rnn at a very slow pace, Coolart finishing Becond and Camden a close third. A rather unsatisfactory nitornoon's raoing .terminated with the Deer Park Handicap, in whioh tho places wero fiiied by Savant, Alaoquario and Soveroign. Dcspito tho wintry character of yesterday afternoon, tho announcement that a meeting would be held in Flinders Park in aid of ths Queensland shearers, now on strike, drew upwards of 500 peoplo, apparently belonging to tho laboring olasses, to tho loaality, and for thrco hours the. auditory stood in the mud while three dolegatcs from the Queensland labor unions and representatives of tho Trades Hall wero delivering addresses. Tho major portion of tho time was taken up in denouncing the oapitalist and the " capitalistic press " of Alel- bourue, which, it was olaimed by all the speakers, had invented offences to alienate tho sympathy of tho publio from tho Bhoarers. These woie dosaribod as mild, unoffending persons of peaceable character, whose only desiro was to bo supplied with broad, meat, tea and a littlo tobacco while tliey resisted the pastoralists' attempts to enslavo thu workers of Australia. The assist ance of tho Viotorian unionists was olaimed on tho ground thnt tho employers of Australasia had federated with the avowed objeot of orusli- ing unionism, in order that wages generally might be reduced, and the hours of labor leng thened. Tho laboring elassos wore appealed to to resist this, but they wore also urged to do it in a lawful and constitutional manner through tho ballot box. There was nothing particularly new in any of the speeches, but it was denied that tho unionists wore seceding from sheer starvation, and it was olaimed that if thoy were supported for six weeks longer the pastoralists would givo in. Tho meeting oheorfully sub scribed to a motion of sympathy and support to tho Queensland bush unions, and expressed tho opinion that the aatien of the Queensland Go vernment in calling out tho military and reviv ing obsoleto laws wbb moro calculated to occasion than prevent disorder. A collection was tnkon up on behalf of tho shearers, and weekly contributions were announced from several trades sooietics. A cheap oxourslon train will leave Spcnoor- street to-day at 9.20 n.m. for Toolamba and nil stations thence to Eohuoa, conveying about 150 passengers. To-morrow a roturn train of the samo character will loavo Ecliuea for Toolamba, calling at all intcrmodiato stations, carrying about 200 passengers for Atelbourno, whoro it will arrive at about 3 o'clock. It appenrs thoro has beon nn improvement during tlio last grain season iu tho faeilitics afforded by tlio Railway department for tho carriage of grain, which nt least a section of tiie trndo aro ready to rcooguise. Accordingly, a lottor has been nddressed to tho Railway Com missioners, signed by 47 merchants, testifying to tho " admirable arrangements " made, and stating that they found overy reasonable appli cation complied with and no facilities within fair and propor bounds over denied them. " Ab might have been . expooted," says the letter, "occasions havo arison whon tlio whole strength of your organisation has failed to satisfy nn urgont demand often mado without Hulficlont nllowanoo for tlio groat prossnro made upon your valualilo railway system ; but, nssorta tho writor, "it was only requisite to point to the vast husinoss dono in groin of all kinds— notably wheat— over the railways slnco the generous harvest of tho now yoar was gathered in, and to tlio groat skill ami exporiouco shown in its handling and management as nn answer to reoent disparaging criticisms." The document concludes by asking tlio commissioners to con voy the thanks of tho trado to thoir ohiof oxeoa- tivo officers. The Princess's Theatre was again crowded in cvory part on Snturday evening, when Plan- quette's bright and tuneful opera, Tho Old Guard, was performed for tho 25th timo. Air, Elton's olever nnd humorous impersonation of tho AUyor of Vatulroz Les Vignos proved, as usual, Irresistibly mirth provoking, while tho other members of tho company rendered valu able nunistsnco throughout tlio opora. The pretty music, effeotfve eoonery and tastefully arranged custumos, together with tho great attraction whioh is afforded by tho justly celebrated ballot, combino to render tho pro duction worthy in every respeet of tho largo measure of publio support it is roceiving. The OU1 Guard will ho repeated this ovening and throughout tho week. Tlio close of tho dramntio Beason at tlio Theatre Royal, nnd tho last nights of Air. George Darrell's Australian plays, aro announced. To morrow ovening tho final performance of the sensational drama Back from tho Gravo will bo given. In this piooo Air. Dorreli lias invested tho loading chnraotera with strong interest, and nlso mode them tho medium for exhibiting tho possiblo uso of olairvoyanoy in tho dotootlon of orimo. Mr. Dxrroll plays his own hero, Sydney St. Aubrey, with spirit, and the viiiain of tho play finds an ablo oxponont in Aff. Oily Docring. Airs. Dnrrcll, Miss J. Kinnnlrd, Miss Bryor and Alias Jonnto Bryeo also appoar in tho cost nnd add to Its completeness. Tho pioco is well mounted, and appropriate scenery has been painted for it by Air. J. Brunton. On Wednesday evening a complimentary benefit will bo given to Captain Do Burgii, formerly n member of tlio Theatre Royal Company, nnd for tho two succeeding nights tho theatre is to bo olosed. Next Batur- day evening Air. J. F. SlierUlnn will make bis renppeornnoo before a Molbourno audience in a new fnroicnl oomedy, and nt tlio conclusion of tlio Slieridon season Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Go. will terminate tboir tenanoy of tho Thentre Royal. A revival of Tho Piokpooket, a three act oomedy, adapted from tiio German by tho author of The Private Secretary, wns produced at tho Bijou Theatre on Snturday night before a woll filled liouso. Tlio reappearance of Air. Tithorndge in tlio title rale wns the signal for a most cordial welcome, and lio, together with Mr. Aneon and Mr. Bouoionult, oarried off the honors of tho ovening. Tho picoe borders distinctly on tho faroical, and repeated hursts of laughtor wero evoked by tho many ridiculous situations in whioh the oharaotors found thomsolvoa, Mr. Anson, as a hypochondriac, and Air. Boucionult, in tho gulso of a misshapen nnd garrulous old waitor, could scarcoly have been surpassed. Air. Tithoradgo's acting wns distinguished by the easy and finialiod mnnnor that has mado him suoh a publio favorite, and the other mombers of the company all contributed, though in a lossor dogrec, to mako tho performance a sueoess. Miss Emma Temple, Alias Annio Taylor and Alias Haroourt played the littlo that fell to their lot with judgment nnd disorotion. Tho pieoo will bo repeated throughout tho week. Tho 160th ooncert of the Victorian Orohostra took place in tho Town Hall on Saturday after noon, tlio attendance being moderate. The rendoring of Alondclssobn's Scoteli Symphony, which formed tho staplo of the ontcrtainmont, was decidedly unequal, tho introductory an- dnute, tho beautiful ndngio and tho impressive allegro maestoso with which tho work eonoludcs, boing dono full justice to, whilo tlio other movements woro opon to ndverso comment, there being in oacli case a tendency to hurry the tempo. This was most marked in tho saherzo, concerning whioli a similar remark has beon mado on provious ocoasions iu these columns ; bnt tho first allegro agitato would also havo gained in effeot if taken somewhat less rapidly, and in the finale, albeit marked allegro vivacissimo, tho tempo adopted wns beyond tbo powers of tho playors, tho perfor mance boing consequently looking in clearness. Tho overture to King Stophen (Bcethovon), nnd tho Forainorz ballet suito of Rubinstoin were nliko given with fairly good effect ; and tho Scherzo from Bizot's fino suite Roma merits ospeoial commendation, tho fugue whioh forms tho Scherzo propor boing exceedingly well rondored, while the admirably contrasted trio, with its broad flowing melody for tho violins in octavos, was also plnyod in effioiont stylo. Somo excerpts, from tho inoidentnl mnsio written by Schumann to Byron's tragody of Alanfrcd, tbo ovorturo to whioh wns produced at a recent concert woro performed for the first timo, Thoso oomprlBO a clovcrly writton and interest ing ontr'aote, and a Ranz dos Vnohos for oor anglais 'solo which leads to tho final numhor, illnstrativo of the apparition of the Alpitio Fairy, in which skilful uso Is mado of the muted strings. Tlio concert conoludod with tho ovorturo to Auber's Lao dos Fics. Attontion must again bo drawn to inacouraoies in tho pro gramme. The Sohtimann numbers woro stated to bo from King Alanfrcd (whioh is an opera by Reinecke), instead of from Alanfrod; tbo dates of Bizet's birth and death are set down ns 1809 — 1847, whioh correspond moro ncouratoly with thoso for Mendelssohn thnn with tlio truth ; the date of Aubor's death is put at 1821 instead of 1871, and tho namo of the Norwegian oomposcr, Griog, is printed with tho o before the i. Tho next conoort is fixed for Thursday evening. Tho extraordinary performances of Jaok, the fighting kangaroo, at Kroitmayor's Waxworks and Aluscum aro drawing to a oloso, as tho last nights of his exhibitions aro announced. This novel exhibition is attracting 'largo crowds of visitors to tho Waxworks. A recital of Dickens's Christmas Carol by the Rev. Charles Clark was listened to by a crowdod audience in tho Athenroum Hall on Saturday evening. The popular entertainer, on his re appearance after an absence of sovoral months, during which ho has mado a tour through somo of the neighboring colonies, rcceivod a vory hearty greeting, being applauded from overy part of tho house. The reoital lasted an hour nnd threo-qnartors, and was prefaced with a brief explanation to tho effect that the piece, in order to bring it within convenient limits, hnd beon somewhat compressed and altered, but tho departures from tbo original text wore only thoso which had been mado by Dickens himself when on his American lceturing tour. Throughout the reoital tho Rev. Charles Clark ovidonoed, in addition to a complete mas tery of tho extonaivo toxt, a fino conception of the moro dramntio passages, such as thoso dcBoriptivo of Scroogo's encounter with the ghost of ills dead' partnor, and tho soono is tha grave yard ; whilst tha most was mado ot auoli humorous pioturos as aro furnished by the Fezziwigs' ball and tiio Christmas dinnor of Bob Oratohitt's family. Taken ns a whole tlio reoital was an elocutionary feat as woll as a 1 most acceptable ontertainment. A lcoturo on the Tower of London will bo delivered by the Rev. Charles Clark on Wednesday and Thurs day evenings next. The Cyolorama drow tho usual largo attend ances during tho wcok, tho desoriptivo lcaturos, with the usual effects, being muoh appre ciated. We are requested to remind our readers that the next meeting of tho Melbourne Junior Jewish Literary Socloty will bo hold In tlio Ilibornlan Hau this Alonday ovening, when a paper on Conselenes will be rend by the preeident, Air. J. Lazarui Visitors are cordially Invited. A public meeting for tho advocacy of tlio Srincfples of total abstinence will be held In the lelbourne Temperance (lower) hall this evening, at 8 o'clock. 