ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. VERDANT GREEN AND THECROWJ Young Verdant saddled Ills horse at the rail, '' Saddle and bridle, and crupper, were new; Stand new was his breastplate and surcingle. While Verdant himself might well pass for that : too. J3b spurs had no speck, and were long la the neck, . Sis leggings and suit they were all above par. But a cunning old crow—woo seemed in the know— ' CroakVl mockingly, " Ah-r-r, You are greener than grass, so you a-r-r." Grown dirty, of course, when he'd saddled his horse, Be brushd off the dust from his sleeves and his hoots, He brush'd off the flies, which would cling round his Addressing them thus, " O, you horrible brutes I" Blit hers a »n>e black ambled out with'a snack— .for Verdant' would meet with no public-house .. bar— And a water-bag (new), which seem'd dripping with dew. ' That crow, when he saw it, croak'd," A-h-r, It will leak dry before you get f-a-r." To saddle'sside D his new water bag he And luncheon secured with'a small piece of twine, He took from his pocket, then mounted grey Bucket In order to visit on old copper mine. Then .the Overseer cried, ''Take good care where , yon ride; . For mulgas and myalls bad finger-posts are, Which, of ten indeed, green new-comers mislead." That crow, as he took wing, crosik'd, " A-h-r, These new chums are choice snacks; they a-r-r." The weather was hot, but the flies—alarge lot— With Verdant elected to go, in a cluster; And though he objected no .chance they neglected In all his moist cuticle's crannies to muster. Not nearly all fun was that ride in the sun, And poor Verdant's feelings received quite ajar When from a dead mulga, with air rude and vulgar, Tbatcrow gave an insolent" A-r-r, I'll have you, my tit-bit, Ah! ah-r!" Then somehow or other, perhaps from the bother Our Verdant endured from that crow and those flies, He got off the track and then could not get back, Though he cantered grey Rocket to rise after rise, To see something hoping, the next moment moping, Till Ahbe is certain lie hears a Bheep ba-a; Then hastens to find it anil he Who may mind it— 'lis that fiend crow, which greets liim with " A-h-r, You are lost now, you fool, yes, you a-r-v!" That greets him with r and a grating e-r Talked on to the first r, confound iiiin. Though Green fears the worst, and is certainly lost, How he'd jwmp on that vile crow and pound liini. Oh! the hideous thing, like some imp on the wing, ' And with eye gleaming out from its head, black as tar. How it gloats o'er his pain, and again and again Just settles to greet him with " A-h-r, You are bouud to be crow's meat, you a-r-r." Now Rocket, who's not in condition to trot And canter for ever and evor on end, Just feels like a log, and at last will not jog, Though his spurs like two drumsticks are plied by our friend. 'lis a terrible fix—one of Satan's own tricks— And Veidant now thinks how his pa and his ma Will weep for their cherished and loved heir who perished— That crow, ail exultant, croaks, " A-h-r, I'll have you before your lna-ui-a." The horse at last stops, and pool- Verdant Green drops To ills feet, by the side of grey Rocket, to think; But think lie can not, nor one landmark can spot; Tli am'a f.li a lifler t-hiBiffh ! lla'll lint'A n hiir rirlntr— There's the bag though! lle'll have a big drink He'll hare a big drink—ho of luncheon don't think But the bag is ns dry as I hear limekilns are, That constant drip dripping, lias left not one drop O that crow, like a demon croaks, " A-h, Yon are ready for picking, you a-r." " O, you'll have to die, and I'll have yonr eyes, And also that pair of ltockets, of course; I dote on fresh eyes, and a corpse, is a prize prefer to the primest dead bullock or horse." .nlil what Is that? "Pis l.lie stockrider's hat. But all! what is that? 'Tis the stockrider's hat, And the stockrider under it. O what a jar Is this for the crow; but, as homeward they go. He grinds out the ghost of his former " A-h-r"— A woebegone gizzard—wrung " r-r-v.' AUgUBt 22, lb91. Here is a nice little tit-bit for those people who are so fond of wrestling with figures. Supposing Capt. Cook in 1770 landed in New Zealand a buck and a doe rabbit, who with their progeny increased at the rate of four litters of five each per annum, each litter con sisting of a buck and four does capable of breeding at nine months old, with an average mortality of nineteen per annum, how many rabbits would there be in 1801? I give it up, I have such a 'eadoche after the ha1!, Apropos of Mr. H. E. Downer's staggering statement that the legal profession discouraged litigation, the following caustic bit in the Sydney Bulletin is worth the hon. member's consideration:—"The lawyer exists in the first place to expound the law. There iB absolutely no reason why the law should want to be expounded at great expense any more than a newspaper. If the law were made to be as simple and as easy of comprehension as a decently written newspaper, then the race of lawyers would become extinct; and if the newspaper were made as dark and profound and complicated as the law, then a new race of practitioners would arise, and would charge many guineas for revealing the hidden mean ing of an item about a drunk being fined five shillings." Anent the return ball, this sporting opinion is worth having" A swift girl may go three quarters of a mile in a waltz, and fourteen miles on a full card." Mr. J. H. Symon. Q.C., has the politest way of dropping a man's slice with the butter side downwards that I ever saw. Here is an example. In his reply to Mr. Kingston's address in an appeal case the other day, he said, with his usual suavity:—"I have never been more deeply interested in any matter than I have been in my learned friend's logical and subtle argument, which, however, was based upon an assumption not supported by the evidence nor borne out by the law." That is buttering a man's slioe and dropping it on the floor. Mr. Symon is an adept at polished satire, which is frosty but not unkindly. 