A BELIGIOUS (A ED PLAY EE. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken before the magistrates for playing cards during Divine service. The sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, and, when the parson had read the prayers, he took the text. Those who had Bibles took them out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book, and, pul ling out a pack of cards, he spread them i before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him and said :— " Bichard, put up the cards; this is no placa for them." " Never mind that." When the services were over, the con stable took Bichard a prisoner and bought him before the Mayor. " Well," said the Mayor, " what have yon brought the soldier hero for ?" " For playing cards in the church." " Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?" " Much, sir, I hope." "Very good;-if not, I will punish you severely." " I have been," said the soldier, " about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions." Then spreading the cards before the mayor he began with the ace:— " When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but one God. When I see the deuce, it reminds me of the Father and Son. When I see the tray, it reminds me of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four, it reminds me of the four Evangelists—Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see the five, it reminds mo of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise, and five were foolish and were shut out. When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven . anil earth. When I see the seven, : it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work lie had made, and liaiiowed it. When I see the eight, it reminds lue of the eight righteous persons that were saved -when God destioyed the ■world, viz., Noah and his wife, his three sons and their wives. When T see the nine, it reminds me of the '■ nine lepers that were cleansed by our j Saviour. There were nine out of the ten I that never returned tlianks. When I see j the ten, it reminds me of the ten command- j inents which God handed down to Moses on ! the tables of stone. When I see the king, j it reminds me of the great Kin^r of Heaven, : which is God Almighty. When I see the queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell j which were boys and which were girls. The i king sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, the boys to the wrists j so King- Solomon told by that." •• Well," said the mayor, " you have described every pack in. the card except one. " What is that ?" " The Knave," said the Mayor. " I will give your honor a description of that, too, if you will not be angry." " I will not," said the Mayor, " if you do not term me to be the knave." " The greatest knave I know of is the constable that brought me here." " I do not know," said the Mayor, " if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is tlie greatest fooL" " When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack, I find fifty-two, the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year; and on count ing the tricks I find thirteen, the number of weeks in a quarter. So, you see, a pack of cards serves for a Bible, an almanac, and a Common Prayer Book." Then the Mayor let him go. 