Local and General. TIE Walleend Jookey Club will conclude their Christmas race meeting to-day. FULLY 2000 people attended the Primitive Methodiet picnic at Tomago on Saturday. THE Bydney boat Edith won the two prin oipal events at the Toronto regatta on Satur day. FERNANDO on Saturday night was backed for £2000 to win Tattersall's Carrington Stekes. T?e barque Othello arrived here on Saturday from the Bluff, Now Zealand, after a lengthy passage. TuE Toronto regatta was largely attended on Saturday. The races were very exciting and well-cont'sted. We heartily reciprocate the kindly season able greetings of the editor and staff of the Wallsend and Plattsbury Sun. BoXING DAY was kept up in thorough fashion by the citizens, who turned out in thousands to enjoy themselves. THE Adamstown Ohoir, under Mr. W. Angus, carried off the prize in the choral competition at Tomago on Saturday. THE barque Loch Doon arrived on BSatur day from Middlesborough after a pacsage of 110O days. She had a floe weather passage. THE annual Eisteddfod at Minmi on Christmas Day was well attended, and much enthusiasm was displayed in connection with it. ADaERTISEMENTS Of much interest to pur chasers of land forming part of the New oastle Pasturage aReserve appear in this issue. ANe important moeting of delegates and trustees in connection with the Friendly So cieties' Hall is convened for Wednesday evening next. TnuRE were fully 10.000 people at the Wallsend races on Saturday. Large fields, g?ood racing, and an enjoyable day was the verdict of all. THE special trains laid on to Toronto by the department on Saturday were well patronised, thousands of persons spending the day on the shores of the lake. SIR GRAoIAoc and Lady'Berry have em barked in the P. and O. steamer Victoria on their return to Melbourne. The steamer is fogbound in the dock. THE fine band of the Fourth Regiment gave an open-air concert in the reserve yesterday, which was vastly appreciated by hundreds of citizens. Tno choir of the Baptist Tabernacle, under Mr. O. H. Argust, gave a fine rendition of the sacred cantata, "David, the Shepherd Boy," on Christmas night. VESPAsIA won the Summer Cup at Rand wick on Saturday, and Newcastle sporting folk had a good win. Four years ego Ves? pasio won the same event. IT is estimated that the gold coin in circu lhtion in Great Britain shows a minimum of £69,000,000 and a maximum of £75,000,000. Thie is £25,000,000 below the previous esti mate. A Tuexrrct Commission is sitting at Stam boul to arrange the terms upon which representations should be made to Lord Salisbury for the British evacuation of Egypt. A DOoESTIo servant named Fanny Wilson was killed through beig run over by a train near the Brighton railway station (Vie.) on Thursday night. The body was horribly mutilated. Tna Primate has asked the clergy to help the New South Wales Commission for the Chicago World's Fair by forwarding exhibits of school books, reports, statistics, and plane of churches. WIcL~A GItzarE, a resident of Wallsond, was drowned in Lake Macquario on Christmas night, through the capsizing of a boat, his two companions being rescued after clinging to the craft for nine hours. AT the intercolonial cricket match com menced in Melbourne on Saturday, the New South Wales team scored 191 runs for the loss of eight wickets. H. Donnan was highest scorer with 54 runs. AN exciting ocean race from Noumea to this poit was finoished on Christmas Day, the contestants being the barques Iris and Don Ado!lfo. Both vessels left the French port together and kept company all the way, but the locally-owned barque Iris gained the race by arriving two hours before her rival. LAoGsE numbers of workmen in the mills and factories of St. Petersburg have been arrested on suspicion of being Nihilists. Many of them were found to be in possession of details concerning the Czar's Palace, and it is therefore believed that an attack upon the life of the OCear was meditated. THRne has been on alarming increase in tho.nuuiber of typhoid fever cases reported for the colony of Victria during the week ended the 19th December. There were in that tire' 53 cases, of which eight proved fatal, as against 35 cases resulting in eight deaths for the corresponding week of the previous year. NOTWITHSTANDING the high tide and strong drawback on the beach on Boxing Day hundreds of little children were allowed to play about in the water to their heart's contei t. It would, however, be wise for parents and others to keep a sharp lookout on such occasions, as more than one strong swimmer has been carried out to sea from the most prpular part of our attractive seaside resort. TIes incandescent electric light at the corner of King and Nowcomen streets seems to have got into very dissiputed and irr.gular habits, For several nights it has been "out" when it was most wanted, and last night, instead of benignly shedding its rays on the populace, it flickered in a subdued kind of style for a few moments early in the evening, and then quietly gave up the ghost. Somebody should attend to it and nurse it into a healthier state, THE death is announood of Sir Thomss. Chambers, Q,.O., Recorder of the City of London. TH?E reported rupture between France and. the Governmont of Madagascar has boon oflicially denied. ITALY has made a concession to England. of £4100 per annum in connection with the mail via Brindisi. TIIHE Czar of Russia has reduced the publio expenditure to be provided for by the Roe. sion Budget for 18392 by a hundred million roubles. TIE Crown agents of the colonies are ad vertising in London for tenders for three it3amors t3 carry emigrants from Casloutta to Fiji. A 'ORTUGUSEs expedition at Inaghambs, in Africa, has met with a terrible disaster. A quantity of gunpowder exploded, killing 60 men and injuring 170. ME. B?R TILLETT has statpd that for 50 years Mr. Gladstone has been in a most favourable position to help tho labourers, but yet had done nothing for them. COUNT voN OAPRIvI, the German Chan collor, proposes to introduce a bill into the Reichstag to prevent agricultural labourors flooking from the country into the large towns. REwS has beeoon received in Berlin thatthe exlpedition led by Dr. Petere in East Africa has had a conflict with the natives in the KIilimanjaro region. The natives wore de feated and 125 of their number were killed. 