GODDARD WHIPS M'CARTY. Tho Demou's Triumphal Murch. ANOTUEtt KUNG-IN T1IE MSTIC LADDER. 1 Step Nearer Faddy Slavln. . Onco moro tho gallant Billy M'Carly has kissed tho dust ; but bo fell amidst tho olioors of a multitude of men who applauded bis gallant bearing when opposed to oddB of tho most gigantic ordor, nnd ho fell in a ring that has seen some suporb battles at ono timo aud another. Whou tlio olootrio ourront flashed tho nows from tho doBolate Barrier to Sydnoy lato on Mouday night I allowed my imagina tion to run riot for a Bhort epaco, and in fuuoy I stood nlouo in O'Biorne'B Hall at Brokon Hill. And as I pasaod up tho old familiar stops to tho platform, and »tood at tho corner which of old timo was roligiously kept saorod to tho Bakuieii Miner roportor, I fnlft: 4l.nl: ?- rtrnm ftf aant\ HlPll land Blond would make ghosts walk, and as ray soul livoth, so it camo to pass. Over the magic squaro glided tho tall figuro of DATE OKEEN, upright as a dart, cloan-liuibed and supplo. Tbo shado of Adolaido's champion boxer stood for a momont at tho front ropos faomg tbo audience, jnndo «. bow and vanishod into space. Lil:o a flash anotuor figure entered, 'tho uhado of CUAKMB BATHQATE, tho first champion boxor of tho Barrier, for tho spaco of iv couple of seconds he stood thoro, tall aud angular, a fiuo wrook ot what had been a gram! mau. His left well sot in front of him, his chin buried iu tho hollow of his Bhouldor, right drawn back ready for instant action, and as in u dream I saw a dozen of his victims glido in front of him, look in a scared fashion at tho ono-timo deadly right hand, then skip out of the arena, afraid ovouof his ghost— poor Charlio. In at ono cornor aud out of tho othor wout tho shado of VAT OABKOLt., tho light-weight, who in the fullness of his pride challenged English Jem Carney to do battlo for tho world's championship. Pat gazed ruefully at tho spot whero ho onco mot Victoria's one-tiuio prodigy, Poter Boland, and sighed softly and sadly as ho thought of tho mighty buflett that laid him low nudgavo placo to . OWEN BBLT.IVAN. Even as the grisly Irishman stood forth with tho scars of many a desperate battlo on cheek and chest and brow, a multitude of howling, shrieking, dead and forgotten shades Bparrod up to him and dived out of sight again. Thoro moved tho mighty form of that king of quitters, Mass Kirby. A momont ho sparred; and then as Owen's ghost smashod out the loft dnko and drovo tho right liko a mule's kick on to tho faco. Mass tho boautiful, tho bounccablo, the woak of heart, cnrlod up and sunk through the floor liko apoorbouso corpse on a wot Sunday. Jack Perry camo nnd gavo Owen a groat 20 rouuds go, aud quitted to a right on tho teinplo. jrji hall, long of limb, white of skin, tricky and olevor, slid up to tho Irishman, and the' rattle of his ghostly glovo on that cast-iron mug was as tho dripping of tho rain-drops when tho tem pest is nt its full, until again that brawny fist fell on the templo, aud tho Sydney crack was lifted tondorly ovor tho ropos by the Bhado of Tom O'Boirno, with its wooden leg true to life, and portly Billy Williams. Sullivan turns to depart in poacc, but as he does so a grim figure bars his way, and' there in the half-light stands the king of tho silver- fields, tho demon of the back-blocks, mighty JOE 00DDARD, and tho shades fight that fast, fierce battlo o'er agaiu. Once moro tho gallant Irishman flings his list 101b at Joe's Herculean list ; again the cyolono bounds on top of him, walks over him, 'chews him up, smashes him hip and thigh, uutil tho boards aro crimson with goro, ana the gloves are soaked with tho ruby fluid, and thon Owen falls whipped, hopolosBly whipDed;.withalip hanging down on his chest like a coverlid for a child's cot, and a face whoso general outline would havo dono solemn duty for an illustra tion of Ballyhooly's own battle ground with a new cemetery thrown in. Proudly big Joe lookB round him forifresh victuals, for fighting means eating with him. Tlio sturdy form of Charlie Dunn clambors through the ropes with his everlasting grin on his poetical figurehead. Ho sobs out a sign for a junk of road-metal aB he observes the size of the giant and goes for his gruel, and ? gets it. PADDY SLAVIN AND BILLT SMITH pass ovor tho historic boards, and box four friendly rounds and bow themselves out again, and then the ironbark figurehead of the wonder of the Australian prize ring, ^ OLD JIM BUR0E crops ur-, and faco to face ?with him stands the long, loan form of tho man who brought to our shores tho Feather-weight Champion ship of the World, billt Jiuuriir. Onco again thoy fight their bitter, desperate battlo of 30 rounds. Tho feather-weight falls whipped, but oven iu dofcat ho adds the brighest gem to his fistic crown. JIMMY MUItl'HY follows his brother, nnd he too falls before tho ' Iron Man,' and old Burgo looks for fresh laurolB, and, turning round, meets the gaze of tho man whom Dempsey defoated, gamo BILLY M'CARTY. They walk around arm in arm, and review tho graves whoro so many great fighters had fnlln.. . 4-l.nn ^linO Caf an i1 11 f. flfinlt nfTiOI* fllif] after a wonderful mill tho fatal La Blanche blow Ia3fs tlio ' Iron Man' to Bleop for tbe first time in his lifo. NIPPER rEAKES, Melbourne's proat feather-weight, shakes his head sadly as his foot touches thoboards whore ho lay squirming in agony after William Murphy landed undor his heart with his solid right hand in tho sixth round, and onco more gigantic Joo Goddard appears and mops the floor in Bix rounds with tlio Bhade of Billy M'Carty. Tbon the best sports on tho Hold and tho squarest in tho world fill the hall for a moment. Tho Polls and tho Browns, tho D'Arcys and tlio host of others, and abovo all tho sturdy minors' perpetual cry of 'Fair play and the rough pad of the dog to tbo cur, breaks on tho vision, and I awako fo tho fact that they are things of tho past, and I havo a recent battlo to chroniclo. (by wike— from our own correspondent.) Broken Hill, Tuesday. Mr. E. B. Poll was mutually chosen roferoo, and Mr. A. J. Hall timokeopor. A number of bouts between well- known local mon broke tho ico, and then Joo Goddard ontorod tho ring attended by Williams and Smith. Ho roooivod ft great welcome as be stopped through tho ropes. Mac. Boon followed, at toudod by Hoffornan nnd Heggarty. Choers rent tbo air for the gamo littlo olmp. Round 1. — Joo did not waste a moment. Ho was thoro on business ; clean on top of Mac. ho dashod and lot go loft and right. Mac. did not flinch, but stood up to his task, banged both hands back liko lightning ; then thero was a furious minulo's work. Mao. got away out of danger with romarkablo cleverness, and going to meet ' tho giant as ho put in another of his groat whirlwind acts, ho smashod tho right on the jaw, and brought tho Champion down full longlh on tho floor a torriblo smash. Mao's friends thought it wasall ovor, for ho had lauded on tho point as oloan as a whistle; but Goddard climbed up, and sot about look ing for more fight. Kound 2.— Goddiwd jnodo ono of his his torical rushes, nnd Mao duoked neatly out of danger, the big chap charging clean past him like a oyelono. . Thon Maa ladlod out somo warm gruel until Joo swung tho right on to the sido of tho head and tho loft on Iho jaw ; aftor that things got sinful for tho little fellow. Round 3. — This round was a good one, oven for the Barrier, wlioro ho many great fights havo como off, and Mac standing up to his man and fighting him all tho journoy Hurpriuod everyone in tho ball. During tho lastminnte both men wore (load baked, and a child could havo whipped 'uin both, they had mado tho puce so furious. Round 4.-Cloddnrd not Bail at tho littlo wonderinhiBprrimin«»tfa.ihioii.an-lMnofoii|{lit terribly hard for tuu ribs and under tho heart but ho searched in vain for a Boft spot. Joo wan far from boing idle, and hi* visitations iirudo Mac vory weak, no ono proBout could understand how Cloddard rovivod tha way ho did. A punch on tho chin would mako him rocky, and tho noit minuto ho would bo nail ing in an freah as paint. Bouud S. — Joo rushed, and Mac stood close iu, but could not bo said to enjoy himself a heap, and Uoddard pounded him in a most eutliusiastio stylo. A quitter would havo made for tho old familiar woodheap at this period, but Mac is a lion at heart. Round 0.— Joo plauked the right with great vim on the ribs, and doubled Mao up. Then ho paid visits of extermination to all uarts of Mao's caroaso that usually wears clothing. But Mao mado a final offort, and Bomo fast fighting followod. Thon Joe fairly oolipsod himsolf by the way ho liftod Billy from ono part of tho ring, finally laying him faao down wards with a terror on tlio sido of tbo head. Billy crawlod up, but was so badly dazod that his Hoconds throw up the spougo, Joo speaks groat words of praise for Billy, and says he's tho crittiest fellow he's ovor mot. All tlio Barrier ib in loro with Mao for his great gamo showing, O'Biorno will uiva a big uurso for tho winnorof tho Dooloy Choynski light to meet Goddard at tho Hill. Ho trill also givo a purao for a battlo botweou Owen Sullivan and Ned Ryan, or, if they liko it bottor, ho will givo the hall free ajjA let them fight for a gate. / ~~*' — — — ^^— / y 