" Hawks and Pigeons. " A case illustrative of the devices resorted to for making money by Bome of the people who visited Flemington on Cup day was called on in the City Court yesterday morn- ing (says Thursday's Argus), before Messrs. Bell, Cherry, and Lancashire, J.P's. The complainant, an elderly man from the coun- try named JamoB Devonshire, told the Bench that he went to the Flemington racecourse on Cup day with his pockets full of money, but he returned to Melbourne ia the evening thoroughly crestfallen, richer in experience certainly, but penniless in pocket. He had met a strange«" of gentlemanly appearance and kindly manners, who engaged him in casual conversation, which embraced the weather and almost everything but racing. He was fascinated by the man's talk, and thinking he must know a great deal about racing since he was apparently a book of re- ference on every other subject, asked bim if he " knew anything good" for the next race -the Yan Yean Stakes. The stranger replied in a whisper that he had a veritable " dead bird" for that race. There were only three horses in it that had the " ghost of a chance" of winning, and two of these he and a friend had " squared," so that there was nothing left for them to do but to put their money on and go round after the Tace with a bag and carry off their winnings. A friend of the stranger's came up just then, and the two proposed that they should put £50 apiece on the " dead bird." Devonshire agreed, and he and the " stranger" handed the third man their money that he might go and invest it with a bookmaker. The race came, the " dead bird" was beaten, one of the "squared" horses won, and when Devonshire turned to ask his new. friends the why and the where- fore they hod both disappeared, and he was left lamenting the loss of his £50. He sought the police, and told Plain-clothes Constable Gleeson the story of his troubles. That officer later 'on arrested a man named William Byrne as one of the conspirators, and charged him with conspiring with another man, name unknown, to obtain £50 by false pretences from Devonshire. The accused woe remanded to appear at the Flemington Court on Tuesday next, and bail waB allowed inthe sum of £200. 