BUEEOWA ELECTION. MR. BURNS. Mr. M. W. Burns, one of the candidates for tba representation of tl.'e Burrows electorate, addressed a crowded meeting at the Mechanics' Institute last evening. Mr. B. Morgan, J.P., (Mayor), presided. In introducing the candidate, Mr. Morgan said that while presiding at the meeting he wished it to be understood that bis presidency at the meeting did not in sinuate that his politics or sympathy lay in the same line with Mr. Burns or any other candidate who might come before them. All he requested was a fair and impartial hearing for Mr. Burns and any other candidate trho might come forward. His experience of Burrowa audiences was that when any other person worthy of recognition came before them, no matter how rowdy they might be upon other oc casion*, they always gave a fair hearing ; and with thesy remarks, he would intro duce in - hem the candidate speaking upon the pre*oi:t occasion, Mr. Burst. Mr. Bonus, who was received with great applause, said : Mr. Morgan, and other eluct- us, and others whom I may n itr have the privilege of addressing, at the outset I desire to state that I aw nut here this evening for the pur pose «f speaking npon the questions notr agitktittg a portion of tb» public mind -rf Mew Smith Wales, for my views on these questions hare, I think, been exhaustively and plainly set forth in my published address to the electors of the district nearly a week ago, and copies of which have been abundantly dis tributed tur.Higl.out the electorate. My purpose in occupying this platform to night is tn give yon Some general reasons furaeektny the honour and benefit which rents with you tu bestow. My address is » simple straightforward statement of hit pub'tics and principles, and from which I Lave no desire to shufie, whatever the result may be, and, irrespective of *oy Ministry that may bt- in power, tu which I uieau tu adhere. (Apjiliuise.) As ? local man, and one who has always en ji»vuuri;(i tu do his best, for friend or foe, when justice demanded the eiercite *-f auy littlo knowledge 1 may have of the numerous complications wliich sut round the administration of the Und laws, nr the aJmitii«trati»u of justice, I fuel that I have some claim upon your suffrages as your representative in Parliament, and on* that payment »t members is the Jaw, I a»V you t-i give me whatever measure of support you may conscientiously think 1 am entitled to— (cheer*)— after nearly fifteen years residence iu your midst. (Loud applause.) Divested of all useless verbiage, that is the plainest and most coiuprvbensivo way I can introduce myself to you. (Applause.) Sir Henry Parkes has had ajjain to appeal to the country in conscience of the action of factious opposition, fur I defy anyoue tu truthfully assert that there has been constitutional parliamentary procedure in the country since the resignation of the Parkes Robeiisou Government in November. 1832\. Wo had the Stuart Administration, characterised by some of the worst evils of weak-kneed government ; theu followed the Dibbs, Jennings, and other adminis trations, until one is reminded of the words of the preacher, when he iuvited a congregation — Come hungry, come thirsty, come ragged, come bare. Yon cant coma too filthy, come just as yon AIB. (Great laughter.) Prior to Sir Henry Parkes assuming the rein of power taken from Mr. Dibbs some four yean ago, a- state of anarchy almost pre vailed in public affairs, and no real effort to alter this state of things could proceed, by reason of the continued wanton rancour that prevailed in tbo Assembly, occasioned by succeeding Ministerial blundering and plundering. The expenditure of the country was greater than the income, and the deficit threatened to assume larger dimensions year by year. Meantime, employment for the population was not procurable, and thousands of ablebodied men were parading tbo streets of Sydney, demand ing work from the State. Sir Henry Parkas promised that these evils would bo remedied if the constituencies returned a majority pledged to support him. He was taken at bis word, he was returned at the head of en overwhelming majority, and the couutry waited patiently for the arrival of the promised Millenium. But it dil not arrive. The ad valorem duties were sacraficod on the alter of froe-tride, but no means of recouping the revenue were resorted to. The co-relative of free trade is direct taxes on property and income, but the New South Wales free traders aim at monopolising the market with imported goods while they strenuously object to taxation in any form. (Applause.) Under such circum stances, the only hopo of relief lay in a reduction of expenditure. There was ample room for reform in that direction, seeing that the cost of governing the country was out of all proportion to the population or to the expenditure of the other colonies. But Sir Henry soon found that retrenchment was even more impossible than an increase of taxation. That thnre were thousands of unnecessary officers in the Public Service was ad mitted ou all bauds, but not one of them could be dismissed without raising a howl of indignation in the ranks of Sir Henry Parkes Parliamentary majority. With the exception of the opening afforded by the pastoral industry and the foreign trade, the avenues to employment in this free-trade colony are necessarily few, and the great object of parental ambition has, consequently, been to secure the future of youths by getting them into the service of the State. It is calculated that af least a teeth of the adult males in the oniony are thus employed, and the number, apparently, cannot be reduced, although a commission has reported that numbers of them have practically nothing to do, aud are only in each other's way in the public offices. Even so far a* the actual labour of the country is concerned, a great portion of it it employed on Government works, which are being executed with borrowed money. In this way the country has been drifting from bad to worse, and instead of a spirit of conciliation being uppermost in the minds of members, that some practical legisla tion may be carried out, free-traders and protectionuts (or so called protectionists) combine in the moat shameless manner for the overthrow of the Ministry, that the ' outs' may be ' in' ; and the ins out — (applause) — sinking fiscal questions and all other questions in order to gratify their unfed vanity and make-believe political importance — (applause) — block- ing business by a flood of inane drivel upon every conceivable occasion. (Ap plause.) Vulgarities and rambling ab surdities have been the chief character istics of the kite Parliament, and few will regret its death— (hear, hear)— and it is hoped for the credit and profit of the country that the electors will now endeavour to find representatives who will give their votes in an intelligent way, for in many cases any change must b* for the better, as it would be impossible to find leer suitable material than a portion of that of which the late Parliament was composed. (Applause.) In their wildest dreams of ambition, could such persona as now pretenc to premier control have ever dreamt of being looked upon, or spoken of, beine leaders in politics. Why, the ghosts of Wentworth, Martin, and other illustrious Australian statesmen would rise in rebellion against each pre tensions,- if it were possible to tell them that such things were. The merits and capacity of the present Administration as a whole can hardly be doubted, and the soundness and acceptability of the pro posed measure of legislature is beyond cavil. Those measures are all clearly and succinctly enumerated. There is no sinking of issues, no equivocation, no political palming or thimble-rigging, nothing bnt a plain statement of above board principles which not a single elector need mistake. The displacing of the Government prevented the passing of any of these measures, and they now appeal to the electors to say whether npon that policy they deserved opposition or support The work was there to do, and several of the more important item* of the Government programme were actually in the hands of the House. The Local Government Bill was not merely promised, it was submitted ; so was the bill to establish the priuciple of one nun one vote, while all the other measures indi cated, including those for extending the principle of local option, estabhsninK courts of conciliation, regulating coal mines, conserving water, and reforming die administration of justice were «m the list to be dealt with as soon as Parliament waa maoy to tale them up. Although prepared to extend a general support to the present Government, in the passing of Rood and just laws, I shall never concede the principle of protection, whether provincial or federated. The people in the country districts hare largely come to the conclusion that the policy of nnmtrieted impoiU is a mis taken one, since it limits colonuJ industry to the production of raw materials, the proceeds of which are expended on the products of foraign- labour and the main- . tetiauce of a commercial rinp ? in Sydney. But the ultimate outcome of the struggle is not doubtful. With the triumph, of protection iu Now South Wale* -the chief obstacle to federation will disappear, and we shall be within measurable distance of an United Australia, protective ?gainst tlio outside world, -but, like the United States and Canada, ? with free-trade amongst the federated provinces. (Ap plause.) It must be patent to everyone that the main object protectionists have had in view from the first is to forward Australian interests as against those of distant, countries, and to facilitate the fortnatiou in due time of a powerful Australian nationality. (Applause.) Whea the deUirmiostion'to encourage local. in- duslrius by tariff restrictions upon impor tations was adopted in Victoria the end aimed ut was to secure protection from the ruthless competition -of European cheap labor manufacturers, and the Imperial Government declining to allow of the imposition o* differential duties their neighbors had to be treated the same as foreign conntries. Victoria, by Imperial enactment, was set in the posi tion that she had either to concede free trade to all, or.f-rotect herself against the wholo world, inclusive of her Australian fellow colonists. It is due to this unwise act of authority on the part of Great Britain that vested interests hare grown up in the colonist, the one against the other. . Nowhere in the woria iss ? pro tective policy been so persistently upheld and so magnificently vindicated as in the American States; and the example they have set, of all the subjects of one Power, however widely scattered over a vast territory, freely trading with each other, is not likely to be lost on Australia. (Applause.) The Americans bare built up their nation by protection, until its internal commerce is twenty times greater than its foreign trade, and six times greater than the boasted foreign trade of Great Britain. (Applause.) The competition involved in this gigantic activity, when not baffled by commercial conspiracies, which the American law courts are seeking to suppress, causes the wants of 'the people to be supplied at moderate rates, spite of the heavy imposts sustained at the ports. As an instance in point, it may be mentioned that the dnty upon steel rails b 17$ dol. (£3 lla.) per ton, and the price for the English article at Liver pool £6 per ton. Tet, owing to the extent of the manufacture in America, their railways have had no difficulty in providing themselves with hundreds of thousands of tons at an average price of 28 dol. (£6 12s.) Australia U eager to imitate, or . excel. Adam Smith, (the founder of political economy as a separate branch of human knowledge, and the author of the ' Wealth of Nations,' the text book of sound economy), admits that ' if a given amount of capital be employed in purchasing and inter changing good* within the same country, that country will iesp twice as much advantage from the pctivity of that capital as if it had been employed in purchasing and interchanging an equal value of goods with another couutry. For in the one case encouragement is givan to only one native industry ; in the other to two. Nay more — the operations of domestic com merce' being far swifter than those of foreign trade, the advantage to the country is proportionately great.' To my inind the wont treated class in the colony is the selectors — (applause) — and some of this cruel treatment may, I think, be attributed to the election of city resi dents to country constituencies. (Cheers.) b it not a libel upon the intelligence of the country districts that any petty-fogging attorney, briefless barrister, or huxter importer, who may be able to wear a black coat, should be considered the very embodimept of a country constituency representative J Nonentities in their own quarter, they have hitherto, by some means as incomprehensible as God's good ness, found pegs in the country district* whereon to hang their political aspirations. What can they know of the rights and privileges of settlement t Nothing. Con sequently they are found legislating in the most idiotic and self-interested way. (Applause.) Was there ever a more iniquitous imposition than the enforce ment of the present survey fees in selec tion as at present enacted? or could a more unjust exercise of power be known than the method by which special areas are made and the upset priced fixed f la it fair and just that £3, £4, £5, or £6 per acre ehonld be demanded for land, the adjoining to which has been sold for £1 per acre ? Is it fair, is it reasonable, that selectors should be charged £4 2s. 6d. for the survey of 40 acres, or £14 2s. 6d. for 640 acres conditional purchase, and the same measurement conditional lease t When Parliament gave power to the Minister, or the Executive, to make regu lations as regards surrey fees and special areas, could they think that any Minister for Lands would impose such iniquitous conditions and prices as are now en forced. These are two cruel wrongs crying out for' remedy— (applause)— and no man should receive a rote from a se lector who did not pledge himself to sup port the abolition of the present system of survey fees and special areas. (Applause.) Gentlemen, I have already strained your patience too long ; but it is my fervent nope that future legislation may be in the direction of liberal land laws, federation, and protection ; and in after years, to paraphrase the concluding lines of Macaulay's 'Lays of Ancient Home,' some poet may write of us, in reference to the era of prosperity that set in at this period, Then none was for a party, Bat sS was for the State ; Then the rich man helped the poor, And the poor man loved the great: The soil was fairly portioned, The lands were fairly sold— Australians were like brother*. In the brave days of old (Prolonged applause.) In conclusion, I wish to express my thanks to you for the great good patient hearing you gave me, but I would impress npon you the great and desirable advantage of returning ? local man, whoever he may be, because it is like an insult to the intelligence of the electors to think that they must go from themselves to aeek some person to repre sent them in the councils of the country. Surely there must be one man in the electorate of intelligence and capacity good enough to represent you. If not, the place should be disfranchised. (Ap plause.) I have no word in the world to cay against Mr. Blatter/, but, I think, it is a libel upon the constituency that it should be emasculated and bastardised. (Applause.) All I wish for is the return of a good local representative who cannot be meddled or 'nobbled' with. I am prepared to answer any question that any elector or other person may deaire to ask. (Great Applause.) Mr. William O'Connor, and Mr. M'!''' asked several questions with reference to federation and freetrade, which Mr. Bum* ooadasively answered, and Mr. Alderman Preston asked Mr. Boras would be favour the construction of the railway to Bnrrowa, to which Mr. Burns replied that, if elected, he would use all the means that God snl nature gave him to benefit the dislric. in any possible way, and he might state that he had a letter' saying that if any fresh grounds could be brought forward tu justify the proposal to be sent to the Public Works Committee it would be doue. (Applause.) Mr. Burns moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was enthusiastically responded to. . , ?^—^m 