'10BQVt DA :AND ?88 IN QU iUrrFION. lasas.avra.i The judgmonts of'the Inlquatia were always given in a large pIee, capable,' centainiug a great number of people, 3,000 or 1,00u. in the amphitheatre oft hich were. arranged seats of dzfferent heoghti o desgrees svmne for the accused, others for the tribunal of the Inquisition and ounase.lersnof .the iingdom, and towering above all the othesr that of the Grand Inquisitor. , In the epse. between was placed ' chair for the piro'leer, with an altar by its side aed a aotl for the criminil" who was to ,hear his sentence. Tho ceremony generally took pnlae on a Sunday-on a good day. good work. thought these terrible men-comaeno. ing at 6 o'clock in the morningr, and gointg on lntil i in the evening. They tooke the prisoners from their dungeons, giving each' one a little roet, having bleevaes.tngedor, weighted with iron, and tight drawek.awhich came down to their heels, vest and -drawers being made of black linen striped with white. Outside this drese they put a eanbenlto, which is a sort of cloak or ecapulary, whloh hung dorwn in the front and at the hback, after- the fta'eion of a horelda's cost, and those who wore them knew what their sentence would be before. hand from the different colours of the cloakh and the figures, etc., on them.. Those who were condemned to death had eanbd. nitoe of yellow linen, with the cross of it. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who having been condemned todeath, hadescaped' the executioner by avowing their crimes" before their condemnation, wore a scapulary called samarra, on which were embroidered flames burning downwards, such as the Por tugaese called Feoo Rerollo, and those con demned to be burnt alive a grey samarra, on whioch was represented a man surrounded by dames, agi devils stirring up the fire. At the end of the ecapularv the victim's name and crime were written. They also wore pasteboard caps inthe shapeof asugarloaf orcoutcal mitre, garnished liberally with flames and imps, called cmcorerar. ''bey were then gagged in a most painful way, so that the mouth could neither be clcsed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed before them and they woere ironically invited to eat. This farce being over, each one was given a taper of yellow wax and led out into the public square by a familiar of the Holy OfHie, who, under the name of.godfather, was obliged tt nagner andti. be rdeponsible for his unhappy companion throughout the whole grim per formance. Then theprocession' ould' start. First nmarched the )Dominic'ans, carrying the banners of -St. Dominie, ., bving the Jlinqur of going first because he was the firt injqisitor of his faith : then came th'e other Itlquioitors, the hilgh, digniiriree of the Church,.the nobility, and. magistrates; these were iollowed br. the: accused, who walked one by one, with naked feet and bare heads, except the most unfertimante, who wore the pasteboard caps, each one holding the wax taperin his hiind. Iti the middle of the pro cession a large crucifix was, cuarried, the face pte dfgure on it, turned 5t' ardas those who, led escaped death, and lthe baok towards the leier as a mark that they? deserved no pity. Having arrived at the plce where judgment was to be given;: n,'.preaeher mounted the . pulpit :-and: gavos a sermon tending to the conversion of the Jews and' heretics, who were blasphemouisly-reviled. ' When the Permon was'finished, 'antidquisitor took the preucher's plac"asnd 'called the criminals one atterithoother. The criminal called left his place, nd, conducled by an Adlaidc,- placed EtiistIlf on .his*tknees, before the inquisitor, who read his li'cra , and his sentence. When all the - sentences were, read, an inquisitor came, accompanied by vome priests, to those whoeb hbad es?aped' death, and ab solved them from " the excommuni ration which'they had incurred, giving each one a little stroke with a rod. This'sentence 'f eicommunication was thought so terrible, thiat the oflicers of the Inquisition dared not speak to the aeoused nor ihow them, the slijhtest-/mark aof friendship-not even the godfathersvhlbo'nalked bcaidethem.: But the momeut.thee' were alisolied.from their ozx 'coriimnncrntion',they,might sneak to.them. -If amongst the neunber of viclime doomed to suffer there happened to be a priest, he was stripped of:i hes oanonicals; which' he. was allowed toweartbtholest, that his humiliationu and degradatioh might be greater, and then to' remove" tlhe' oil:of his consecration he' wa subjected to a most cruel and aboininable process. His lips, hands,nud'sh vobn crown were icraped with abit .'of glass until they awererawand bleeding tifter, hich he wae nut with the common herd to await his final punishment:' ,..: Those whose execution had tot yet been arranged, and the'recouciled prisoners, who ied saved their lives byrecanting their faith;. were now separated from those condemned to death, and while the.former were conducted. once more, to ,! the :dreary solitude of the.. gloomy '. underground dun eons of . the Inquisition, to drag out, sometimes, a miserable ozxstence for long long years -in--those loatbsome places, per haps lathe end,after sieckenin alternations of hope and fear, to finailly expeite at the'stake, the only refuge from torture and the aick, an imaginary crime : the. ethers who had been eondemned to suffer all. the, rigours of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the place of execution, where piles of loga had' been plaeed. Here each victim, was bound to a stake,: and then the executioner asked them in what religion they wished to die. If they said they wished to die Chria tinns ,they were mercrieellp strangled -before being burnt; if notlnd' the Jews adid ctobomnmedans often adhered to their.r ' ligion with degued coirage,' niffering any tortures rather than recant--they were" burnt alive ! : .. a' .. , Prisoners were:' jealolsly guarded , fror having any intercoirse.with th outer world, seeing no one but the jailor, and .a priest .of the eomish faith, ignorant- of -the charges made against them, and in..a truly desolate condition, with the fear of unknown horrors. before them; for Torqigemads knew not the quality of mercy, and in the deep and impreg. nablevaults of the Inquioitionhadhis unhappy' victims tortured in the most horrible manner, in order to make theim confess their guilt, or at any rate that which 'the 'Inquisition wished them to confess, and the, tortures being more, in .many cases, than human nature could endure, no end of, people con. fesied io crimes of allt thLeybhd never evoq dreamt. At midngilt ia''gomy dui faintly lighted hy-fliikering tomhes,these flonds. in the name of religiah, tortured their hapless victims:. " Whether min, matron, or tender' virgin, they' were- atrippee naked ' and etretehed upon the woeden bench. Water, weights, f-cm. pulleys, screws -- all the apparatus by whioh the einews could, be etraiaed.. without cnckhing, the hbones brised without breaking, and .the body. racked- exquisitely ,without giving, up its.-ghost--.was now pat into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot,with his eyes glaring it lhis victim through holes out in the hood which meulted his face, practised sue cessively all the forms of torture which the devilish ingenuity, of monks had invented." The heavy nolonte air of the dungeons re sounded with the ories .and groans of the miserable wretches, who in those medi creal days thouglit they would lose their ehtane of heaven, perit their eouL, if they recanted the faith in whichb they had beu born and firmly believed, and wore torn by cruel and horrible pains of both mindand body. But whatcared Tor quemada and hisbloodhounds for that 5 They weru heretics, dogs of Jews, aud they must acutffer, in that they did not belong to the Holy Church of RLome. So they were stretched on the rack, until their strained joints werelike to orack, and burst asunder; they were tied with the soles of their bare feet within a few inches of a blazing fire-a foretaste of that cruel death at thie stake to which so many were to ceame at last they were suspended from the ceiling by their hands, which wore cased in iron glores so tightlv 'rewed that tbs victim's fnlers were cruthed and bruised; they were placed on frames head downwards and scourged till the blood ran; they had pieces of their flesh pinchied away with red hot irons; their too and finger nails were torn doff; their teeth dragged out; they were forced into machines that pressMed the knees -up4o the chin, bent the head down on the brest, asedcramped them in rmat painful ;hie·,lt., e easoe ded y bshrpiioo a rte-" ; "Udw .y a idolbr.tdl'l te rd-hot nesdles all o??, ;bi" l pd. imbM; had A. refnement:otf.trture whobh Torqaemads often ordered,: wa to .hav a eloth' tied over -the noe, saod mouth 0 o the viotim, and'a 'mook', who sat bghede, kept dropping water on the elothi, wbhtoh .mus have produced a most painful sense of, snSo c?,tlon , Totquemada, lu 1498, the L?ttor of so muc..h oe and'oisery, ,ta'bjios o:f?suoh hatr hawt d; ..sd pseaoobly in pls',bedl " r the svanremoent of the falt: ?. l mesa. are lawfuL' If.this wereinot, .it shlol have been his motto. " The, eonvictiona of Torquneada," nays M. Rosseuw-Saiot. RHlaire, "were sincere, one cannot.doubt, when one examines his lifo; bat with what atosnlehmoht, mixed with ,horror, does one riew this lllo given up entirely;to doing ill, with the same ardour and perseveoranoce that others do good 1 Hia name, remains for all time detested and abhorred amongst mon. fnat his evil work, unhappily, is not dead wit h him. During more than three en. tories the Inquisition ground down Spain, and the country yet bears its impress." 