HIS ANGEL. m HKNliY Hr.UMAM, j Author of "Scarlet Fortune," Bi^le J'je," ; "" IVtwvt the WbiS*, Aw.," Joint Author i of "Tho bishop's Dibie," "Wild DarriV ; " One Traveller ftonrnV "The Silver j King," "Claudian," &c.;, k". [ CHALTEH V. ! Tluv had bi'eii hitting there for fully a ij'.iarttr of an hour jritiins silently at tiivir cigars, the old man st.irins in front of him : blankly, coldly, vao.mtly, the younger man moving uneasily on his chair, easting wistful glances at his companion, and drumming a , silmt march with his linger tips on the table. "" Tell ine ail about yewrself," said the pioneer , on a sudden. " Let's have a fair, square 1-jjfc i at yewr devil, and see if hi'"s as black as yew've painted him. Tell us all about how yew've growed up, an' whar yew've firowed up. an' , how yew've bin gittin' yewr livin', and how vew've come to be what yew are. I guess then I'll know what I've got !;.•> do." The young man hesilated for a few moniMnts undecidedly. 1 " It is perhaps better that you should know all." he said at last with a heavy drawn sigh. " I have told you the worst. The rest of my history has no surprises—of the disagreeable kind at any rate." "I can remember myself first of all," I19 continued, "a grimrny, smudge-faced, half ragged urchin, running about Front- street, St. Louis, diving and dodging about the steam- I boats on the Levee, and picking up pieces of wood, bits of iron, and all such rubbish as »re generally found in similar neighbourhoods, and carrying them to my mother, who lived in a tumble-down shanty not far from the railway station. The stewards and the cooks of the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of pumpkin pie, of meat, and of corn-cake I got from them. I remember well, how, even at that time, the boys of my own age used to shun me, and taunt me with my father being a thief or with my father being in prison. At that time I saw very little of him. Even when he was not in gaol, he was seldom at home, and when he was at home, our little shanty was a very hell upon earth. He used to beat my mother unmercifully, and went so far as to bring other women into the house. As I grew to ears of better corn prehension, young as I was, f came to be heartily ashamed of him. A good Baptist missionary had been talking to me on the Levee, and I had been going to the evening school, and there I had learned that it was wrong to steal, and I knew that it was wrong to steal when one night my father took me with him and another man on an expedition to break into a house. I could climb like a cat then, and they wanted me to get over a high wall, and open the door for them. " I had got heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under the teachings of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wall, but when I got on ths top I shouted with all my might, and the people of the house orere awakened and came out, and my father had to run away vowing vengeance against me. " After that I dared not go home, but Mr. Casey, the kind Baptist missionary, sheltered me ^for a few days and nights, and at last he got me a place as scullery boy on the steamboat Wisconsin, running between St. Louis and Dubuque. All went very well with me for a while. From the post of scullery boy I arose to that of pantry boy, and then to that of cabin boy. The purser took a fancy to me, and lent me books to read, and when winter came he got me a place on the Yazoo City steamer, running between Vicksburgh and Yazoo City, and I passed another season there. "My good fortune would have it that on that boat I met the Hon. Levi Walker, member of the Congress for Missouri and Editor of the Kansas City Star. He offered to make aiournalist of me, and I was glad to consent. In his office I rose from one position to the other, and all would have been well if one unlucky day I had not in the street run across my father. He was, unfortunately, too well known in the place. He had been tarred and feathered there, he had been fiq?ged there, he had baen in the chain gang, he tad been within an ace of .being hanged there. He immediately claimed from me the rights which his ties of affinity gave him, and 1 had to confess ths horrible truth to Mr. Walker. I tried to buy my wretched father's departure, but the more money I gave him the firmer became his resolution to hang on to me. The people in Kansas City were very good to me. They hid had time to learn to know me, and they pitied me. "Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, and I left Kansas City and wiih it my dreadful father. I tojr.d immediate and remunerative work in Cincinnati, and I stayed there several years. From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on my journey frcm Chicago to Xew York you met me. Now you know all about me. I do not think that I have forgotten anything of importance. ] " An" ain't yew seen yewr father sine3 fc'iiu ? —ain't yew heard from him?" asked Ivers'iaw. '"i know of his existence only through the ne\\. spap'.-rs," replied Underwood. Th.-'y periodieally record his conviction. My m jtiisr died sh< itlv after my leaving Cincinnati under his brutal treatment ; that I kaow also." " Waa!, : " exclaimed Kershaw, "if y?'.v ain't hc-erd frcm him nor yet seed him, m.iyiie as yew'll never hear nor see to more of him." "That is not to be hoped for," sighed the voting man. " I live in daily dread of running across him in the street, of his calling at my 1-0 jiiis, of his coming here. If the sli<jhti:.-;fc chance is given him of blackmailing m 3 or you he will fasten on us like a lewh, and it would bo easier to get rid of a vampire thin of h;m !" "rve had to deal with that kind o' mail afore to-day," said the frontiersman quietly, " ;in' they nary once got the best o' me yet." '" Ah," replied the young man bitterly, "it is easy for you to say that. Not one of the scoundrels whom you have come across was your own father. One cannot mete out justice to the mail to whom one owes one's life, and not be soiled by his guilt. The taint clings, one's clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it embitters the drink, it calls up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes /rood men's praise a stolen deceit, aud all your life file l on & reproach. Oh, God!" he cried, ' in a sudden ^pny. "how can I be rit} of it '> (Shall I ever be rid of • I have never felt it as I do at this moment." | The old man cast a scrutinizing glance upoil ! him, a long glance full of pity. i "Poor boy:" he muttered. " The sins of the fathers. Poor boy !"' j Underwood jumped up on a sudden. ! " You must let me go, Mr. Kershaw," he cried." You really must not try to detain me. Don't think me a coward. I do not go to Europe to run away from him. I go to escape from myself. I love your daughter, and I have no right to love her. God knows I have I straggled, and fought, and contended against ' myself. 1 have tried to be marble, and see the result. I aui but human after all. Pity me | by having 1:0 pity cn me. There is no harm : done yet. Let me go before it is too late." I In his heated excitement he walked up and down the room like some frightened, caged creature, trembling in every limb. He grasped the decanter that was standing on the table, acd pourms out two glasses of water, swallowed them greedily one after the other, as if thereby he was able to cool the fever of his emotion. "Sit down tliar," the millionaire softly, pointing to an arnic'.:: - .:-, "and let bide this over. When they'v I . >r. crying'sign, yew\'e got to stand to yt t rifles an' be ready, But that ain't in reason for runnin' away an' Ieaviu' all your peltry behind. Yew've got that tliar father o' yewin, an' yew cavn't rid of him "nohow, 'cos it ain't 'lowed to smother him. You've got to take lcear that he don't harm yew cor those that like yew, that's alL It's all well an' fine an' easy for yew to run away an' go to Yewrup, but what am I to do with my Angel who'll cry her eyes out when yew're gone, an' who'll pine, an' wither an' die, j)erhaps, for she ain't over strong, an' she's an obstinate critter when she's set her heart on a thing. Ko, my boy, yew've got to be a man an' yew've got to bear yewr load like a man an' not sit down under it, an' yew've got to do it for the sake of the gell that loves yew, an' she's worth it, I can assure yew." ' But " exclaimed Underwood. "Thar r.in't no but," interrupted the old pioneer. "On the straight road, the honest road, the broad road that lies afore yew, thar ain't no bye- wavs, an' thar ain't no turnings. Thar may be roeka an' boulders an* big stones all along, but yew've got to Eit on yewr hoss an' jest to ride over 'em. It ain't no use a j sneakin' away as if yew was the guilty one. Hold yewr head up straight, young man, 'cos • yew've got the right to hold it up in spite of I yewr father, an' if so be as anybody challenges ' yew yew say, 'Go an' ask Dan'l Kershaw for ' my character,' an' I guess Dan'l Kershaw's : purty well known from the Platte to the Cana- ' dian, an' from the Rockies to the Atlantic, an' if they come to me an' say anything agin yew ! they'll soon find out the truth." j "I don't merit this, Mr. Kershaw," said ! Underwood in a voice broken by his emotion, j " I wish I could feel myself more personally I deserving of it. Believe me, your daughter's 1 love, your own friendship are priceless in my ; eyes. It is just because I value them so rarely j that I tremble to stay." " Come now," exclaimed Daniel Kershaw, j " that's better. I guess that's a heap better. I Yew let me think this business over. But the thing yew've got to do is to go an' tell yewr ' people that yew ain't goin' to Yewrup, an' yew I can start with me as my Secretary as soon as 1 yew like. An' mind yew, not a sylab of this ! to my Angel—not a word—on yewr honour— I until I see what's got to be done." 1 Miss Angelica was sitting in the diningroom waiting tor the result ot her father s interview with Hubert Unuerwijod. A trifle more anxious perhaps tiiat 011 tho previous day anda shade paler—the liuy fingersc.vitehed a little more nervuusly, and wraug the gauzy cambric handkerchief iu rapidly tremulous agitation. Once or t.vioe htr rocking chair came very near overbalancing itseif, so erratic were the young lady's impulsive movements, and so forgetful was she of her own safety amidst htr heart's tumultuous doubting promptings. She jumped up with a glad cry when she heard the door ojien upstairs and Daniel Kershaw's heavy f.xjtsteps <;:i the landing. "Where is Mr. Underwood 1 .'" she enquired eiigerly when she saw that tho old man was alone. "He is gone out by the front door, my Angel," answered the pioneer, patting her head, " an' he wants yew to excuse him." " Emcuse him 7" she repeated in a dismayed wonderment. " Exuuse him '! Tell me, daddie dear," she burst out convulsively " is he going away f' "Thar now, dry yewr eyes," he replied soothiiigly, " he ain't a-goin' away, not a little bit he ain't. This won't do at all yew know. I cayn't have my Angel a cryin', an' a Iosin' her roses. Mr. Underwood not only ain't agoin' away, but he's goin' to lie my Secretary, an' yew'll be able to see him every day." How those big lustrous eyes brightened, and those downy cheeks dimpled. She stood on tiptoe, and threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him for the happy news he had brought her, and a few minutes afterwards she had forgotten all about her little troubles and the sorrow tbey had brewed for her, and the dreadful anticipations that had affrighted her, over the imaginary woes und joys of the heroine of the latest novel. Daniel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of the dining-room looking out into the street. lie was not an imaginative man, and had been accustomed to deal with hard matters of fact in a hard matter-of-fact way all his life. Heady resource, prompt decision, and swift action had been and were his chief characteristics, yet the present emergency brought a strange indecision ill its way. For the first time in his life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he was angry with himself for being puzzled. A conflict of thoughts and memories surged in his mind, and threatened to interfere with his habitual determination. He looked upon the street, and the little crowds of passers by, listlessly, uninterestedly, when, on the opposite side of the toad, he espied a man, who rather slunk than walked along, casting furtive glances about him from time to time. He was an old man, a tall man, bsnt, with broad stooping shoulders. His gait was shifty, and his manner shrinking. Whilst looking in this direction, or in that, as if seeking somebody or something, he turned his eyes towards the window where Daniel Kershaw flat, and thereby gave ths latter an opportunity of seeing his face. It was not a pleasant face— thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of an ashen pale. A great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villainous look. The eyes, bright and piercing, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct. The mouth was hard, wi:h square set jowl, and yet it was a face which might have been handsome years and years ago, before manliness was stamped out of it, and ferocity and brutality had writ their mark there. His hair was sparse and white, and a small scrubby white beard fringed his cheeks. His clothing, though not absolutely in rags, was of the coarsest, and an unkempt, unshaven appearance added to the general repulsi veness. As Daniel Kersnaw's eyes rested on the man's face, an indistinct remembrance dashed upon him and gripped his mind. " I've seed that man afore," he said to himself and strove to obtain a better look. The man had slunk on, however, and was turmntr his back. A little further down tbe Avenue he crossed the road and was lost to sight. " Whar have I seed that man afore ?" Daniel Kershaw kept asking himself all that morning. " I'm sure I've seed that face afore." Whatever work he was engaged U}>on, whether he were writing or reading, or resting or smoking, that pale unshaven face thrust itself between him and his thoughts. It followed him when he went upstairs to his own room, and it was with him as he sat down to luncheon. So preoccupied was he, and so moodily abstracted that Angelica imagined him to bs ailing, and was profuse in her questionings and in her pretty solicitude. After luncheon he sat himself down by the window again and the picture of that face flashed across his mind, but not as he bad seen it that morning. The white hair was nearly dark, the face brown and robust, but even more scowling and more villainous than as he had last Been it. "I've got it," he cried. "I guess I've got it. I was sure I knowed it. It's Hike Turner —Cheeseface Mike—Hellfire Joe's pardner !" CHAPTER VI. Sleep was a stranger to Daniel Kershaw's couch that night. He kept tossing and rolling from one uncomfortable iiosition to the other ; now too hot, then too cold, first determinedly closing his eyes and vowing he would neither see nor dream, then opening them wide and staring at the ceiling in the dim light of the shaded night lamp, gradually his unrest passed away, and although winged slumber came not to him, liis pulsation became more evei>, and his mind less troublous in its activity. " Thar wo? ony eight men an' one woman, beside myself, that knowed it,'" ho said to himself, "an'now thar's Mike Turner, Hellfire Joe's pardner as I'd forgotten. Thar wos Little HOPS Harry, and some thieviu' Blackfcet wiped him out, raised his hair at Two Bnttes Creek. Then thar wos Rednail Ja?k, he's gone loo. He died in the Staked Plain. • An' Bill Ciclland too, the Yellow Jack carried him off at Vera Cruz. Martin Brickhead went to Californv, an' got shot at 'Frisco. Bob Allen an" Pat Braunagan got killed in the ' war. Poor old Ruth has gone under these ten vears. Thar's only two more alive, Butternut Sam, he's keepin' a ranehe at Fort Leaton, an j Eli Watkins, he's made his pile an' is loafin ! about Palestine, an' Roosha, an' Switzerland, an' a lot more ungodly places. An' Eli an i Sam they're both staunch and true, an' I'd trust 'era with my life any day. But Mike he looks harder than ever, he looks as if he'd , cut yewr throat for a dollar." "I guess, though," he continued, "he'll ! find ale a tough card. I settled nis pardner, ; an" I'll settle him if he runs athwart m \ 0." my ! An£el.'' ' " j Vvith the recital of the list of his quondam 1 companions, and the recapitulation of th-j ! events pertaining to the career of each. h:s \ power of calm reasoning returned in all in • former vigour. The problem of Hubert I Underwood's troubles was perplexing enough in its way, and now that villainous facs of , Hellfire Joes rartner added its mite to the , difficulty. 1. . :]',oming came before tho . frontiersman v uid find rest in sleep, having j discovered a plan which would enable hi:a to | do what was right, and avoid all trouble to his : darling. | WhGli Hubert Underwood came to work as i usual the next morning he found both Daniel Kershaw and Miss Angelica in the library. " I'm a man as cayn't bear b?atin' about the bush," said the millionaire, "aa" when I've got to do a thing, I like to do it an' make no bones about it. I'm agoin' to speak calmly to yew both—to yew, my Angel, and to yew. young man. Oome, sit down heer right by my side both of yew." Hubert seated himself in a hot trepidation The old man spoke pleasantly. There was nothing to be feared, nothing bat his own heart. " I guess yew're both very fond o' one another," continued Kershaw smilingly, "an' yew'd both die for one another. That's the way they put it in the story books as a general rule, isn t it? Waal, I've bin readin'stories, too—stories that's true an' stories that isn't— an' I've heard it said, an' I guess I know, that many a time two young people take their oath that they love one another, an' believe it, too, believe it hard, but when they come to live with one another, they quarrel an' tir\i; like cats an' dogs, an' its mostly the wcjinln's heart that's broken fust." Misa Angel threw her anus round her father's cc<_k and placed her soft hand over his month. " I shall not listen, you dear, silly old daddie," she exclaimed brightly, "if you will say such awful things I shouldn't have come if I had thought that we were about to listen to a sermon." He disengaged himself gently. "Ah, my Angel." he said softly, "it's a sermon as yew ought to listen to, 'an keep firm in yewr mind, 'an remember always. I don't intend to play euchre or brag with yewr young life, an' happiness, an' 111 tek kear that yew shan't do it yewraelf, if yew've got the right bower, an' the left bower, an' as many trumps as yew like, not even then." She nestled closer to him anxiously. "Tell me, don't keep me waiting, daddie dear," she breathed. "It's a comm', my darling," he replied, "slow an' sure. I've turned things over, an' slept over 'em, 'an bavin' slept over 'em I've got things straight an' clear, an' I'll tell yew both what I'm goin' to do. Mr. Underwood was goin' to Yewrup. Yewrup is a nice country, ain't it, Mr. Underwood ? "It is very pleasant, I believe," answered the journalist. " Lots of people go there for pleasure, I was going there on basiness." "I guess as it's a country worth seein'," the pioneer went on " an' it won't do no harm to my Angel nor to me to see it, an' I propose that my Angel an' myself, we go to Yewrup, to London, an' to Constantinople, and to Jeeroosalem, an' to Paris, an' to /reland, an' to a lot more places, an' that we stay thar a year or so we'll say. an' that yew Mr. Underwood, yew come with us as my guest an'as my secretary at the same time, cos I'll want somebody to do my writin' for me, yew know. An' eo yew an' my Angel '13 be together every day, an yt'w'll git to know one another batter than yew Uo now, an' e:icu other's good points, an' each other's faults, an' each other's tein)>fr, an'if so be as at (he end of the year yew're as fond o" one miother as yew are now, an' as ready to take one another lor good or for ill, for good tiniia or for bad ;ime=, for he.tltii or for sickness, :in' for ail the trials an' misfortunes that may befa'l yew hoth, for that's it, mind yew, then I'll say to yew. 'Be man an' wife, my children, an' God bless yew both."' His vui'je faltered just a triiie as ho came to a clorc. lie had promised to give away that which he loved Im tt in all the world. Loved ! How poor, how incomplete a word for that holy untranslateable feeling which made life worth living to him in her young happiness. His glory, his idol, at whose feet he would gladly have expired without a regret, without a murmur, without a sigh, every hair of whose head he would have guarded at the price of bis heart's blood. She had twined herself around his beir.g like the slender verdant ivy around the sturdy oak, closely linked leaf to leaf not to be parted without hurt to either. liis love for her had grown to be part of him, inextricable, inseparable, a blot, a stain upon the fair open page of her young life would have scorched into his soul, and he had racked his brain for devices to watch over her happiness like the dragon of folk lore over the legendary hidden gold. His Angel loved this brave handsome young fellow, to whom both he and she were indebted for the rescue of their lives. It was bat natural, and in the fit order of things that she should love him. It was the right ordaining of a just and kind providence. But, nevertheless, he felt that in promising to allow another to share that which he held most dear, lie had left himself impoverished. Would his Angel love him as she now did when her husband was there to claim her Eunny smiles? What terrors lay hidden in that doubt! But he was prepared for tbe sacrifice, and though his voice nigh failed him as he proposed it, he had never felt calmer than when he had got it over. "You're a darling, wise daddie," cried Miss Angel in her newborn happiness, " and you always know what is best." She ceased the flow of her gladness when she saw that Underwood sat there mutely, undecidedly. " But," she exclaimed with dignity," perhaps Mr. Underwood " "Pray don't misjudge me, Miss Kershaw,' interrupted the young journalist. " If I fail in momentary warmth for this great joy which is premised me it is not because I underrate its value. Such blessings do not come to men and leave them even-tempered. I hope, Mr. Kershaw you have well weighed our conversation yesterday." " Full an' well, my boy," answered the old man. It'll take me about a month to git things into shape so that I can leave them safe in other hands. Aa soon as that is done we're off to Yewrup. Now I'm going' to leave yew. Yew can settle all that's necessary about the passage an' the dresses, an' tbe outfit, an all the rest of ic between yew, jest as yew like." Underwood might yet have hesitated, but he perceived in the millionaire's plan a wisdom and appreciation of facts of the highest order. The intervening year might do wonders. It was pardonable for him to hope that the destroying scythe might perhaps cut short the criminal career of his terrible father. Who knew ? Any ^moment might bring a happy release. If Angelica Kershaw and he got married in Europe they were rich enough to live there until such time as a return of his bogey was no longer to be dreaded. Daniel Kershaw was right, _ and the young man felt ever so grateful to him for having proved that he himself had been wrong. When they were alone, when for tbe first time they could unburden their hearts to one another without restraint, without fear of misunderstanding, when they could unaffrightedly Dask in the sunshine o F heir mutual happiness, brimful of tb joy of to-day, of their glowing hope u the future, when they could sit quite close to one another and drinK deep draughts of glad peace in one another's eyes, and could vow, hand in hand, each to the other, that they would never, never change, nor in this world, nor in all eternity, they forgot all about the arrangements for the proposed journey, and neither of them as much as cast a thought upon such very mundane matters as steamer tickets, frocks, and like necessities. No happier young man lived that day in Manhattan City than Hubert Underwood as he sat in the tramcar that was taking him to the office of his paper down town. He alighted at Union-square, the slightly oscillating movement becoming tedious to him, and walked swiftly along Broadway, glad to expand liis chest and to move his limbi as a safety- valve for his buoyant excitement. The long walk from Union-square to City Hall Park seemed but a dozen yards, so unconscious was he of the distance traversed. He was swinging along blithely across the park towards the Spruce- street entrance, not iar from which the office of liis paper was situated, when he jostled against a whitehaired, white-faced old inaa, with a short scrubby white beard, and au altogether forbidding aspect, who elbowed him aside roughly, with a curse. The young man was far too happy, however, to be irritated by trifles. He did not bestow so much as a glance upon the old man whose equilibrium he had unconsciously dashed out ot balance, and walked on with quick step until he leached his office. Not so the old man, the same old man who had on the previous day thrust his fa >e between Daniel Kershaw aud his content. When the old i-iifiian had delivered his rattling voll jy of c,;i! its stcod stofk still with his bright pierciiig eyes staring, aud his wicked halftuothless mouth wide opeu. " Mother o' Moses," he cried to himself. "It is—it ain't—it cayn't bo—but I'm denied sure it is. Juir.pm' Isaac ! what a find '. An' me without a dim?, an' nary a coat to my back. I rauitn'c lc=e sight of him, not this time I guess, never no more. How the young scoundrel has growed. I'd swear to him, though." He dashed after the young journalist with much swifter energy than his decrepid shrunken limbs would have warranted, dodging in and out between vehicles, keeping close to the buildings, and never for a moment allowing the young man to get more than ten yards ahead of him. When he saw young Underwood enter the office of the great journal he gave a long whistle and dived into the entrance of a warehouse nearly opposite. " Lft me" sec," he muttered. "What was th? young good-for- nothin's name when I last cotched him in Kansas City. I guess I shall be forgettin' my own next. It wos Underwood. That's what it wos. Mary's maiden name. I've got to commooniket with Mr. Underwood. That's what I've got to do, I r«. eken. I've got to let him git a wear as his fond an' lovin' father is alive an' kiokin'— ki. kin' derned hard if it's got to be, I guess ! The cellar beneath the warehouse in the entrance of which Mr. Michael Turner—for it WES lie of course—had found a temporary refuge was occupied by a liquor and luncheon bar of inviting and prosperous appearance. Mr. Michael Turner, after carefully reconnoitring the surrounding houses and those opposite, and assuring himself that the doorway u here young Underwood had disappeared was the principal entrance leadmg to the editorial department, descended into the regions btlow, where an elegant well-stocked bar made vigorous and tempting appeals to his strong appetite for food and drink, an appetite which nevertheless had, for the moment at least, to be sternly repressed. The rotund and" ruddy faced Hibernian barkeeper did not relish his customer's unkempt and unwashed appearance. " To the divil wid vez, and get out o' this piece," he cried. " Shure an' it isn't the lojkes o" j ez that vants cocktails anil gin- slings. Take y<-r lTgly faice out o' moi bar or oi'll make it uplii r." Mr, Turner was not at all affrighted or alTronted by this welcome, but grinned calmly at the irate son of Erin, standing with legs apart and arms akimbo. " Is it the pepper box yew've swallowed, Pat':" he asked jeeringly, "oris it the petrolcum-can as yew cayn't digest, an' as is bustin.' Yew'll be spiling yewr complexion, yew will, if jew excite yewrself so indecent." "if ye don't get out o' moi bar," exclaimed the 1 tender, preparing to jump over the obsticle that sfparated him from his unwelcome customer, "Oi'll chuck ye out." "Yew ktep that pertater trap o' yewrn shut. Yewr front teeth want filia' down, Fat," retorted the returned convict, with an irritating quiet. " I guess it ain't a crime to ask a civil question, an' if yew wos half a man, let alone a decent Irishman, yew wouldn't insult a poor man that comes to ask it, jest beeos he's poor." The appeal to his national characteristic of generosity partially appeased the barman's anger. "Ask yer question then," he cried, "an let me see the back o' yer head when ye've atked it." " Lord, I guessed as yew wosn't half as snacky as yew made yewrself out to be," continued Mr." Michael Turner. " I ony wanted to know, if so be as yew would tell me, if Mr. Hubert Underwood isa frequentin' this bar?" " Mr. Underwood !" sneered the barman. " Vat's Mr. Underwood Ioike to do wid a jailfaice loike yez. Faix, an' vat should Oi be answeriu' such a question for ';" " Mr. Underwood is a perteckler friend o' mine," drawled Turner, " a very old friend, an' if he knowed as yew sassed me he'd be annoyed, very annoyed." The mention of the young journalist's name, however unauthorized, it seemed threw a measure of oil upon the troubled waters. "Mr. Underwood does come here," replied the barkeeper doggedly, " an' now ye can wait for him at the doore." "Thank yew kindly for yewr grate politeness an' civility," responded the old man with a burlesque bo*. lie had kept a lynxlike watch upon the entrance opposite, and besides gaining tiiriH to form a plan, he had assured himself by independent testimony that the person he had followed was really Hubert Underwood. W hile In; was Mill watching and seeking for new phrases wherewith to continue his wordy warfare, the young man of letters reappeared at the entrance opposite, and his fond parent Hew up the shoit flight of steps as if he had been shot from a bow. Hubert walked wi*h his usual briskness to the comer of William-street. After following that street he rapidly turned tho corner of Fulton-i Lreet, the oid convict in full pursuit all the while. The pavement was thronged, and the street full of vehicles. At the corner of Nassau-street his misfortune would havo it that a couple of big vans laden with packingcases barred his way, and before the old man could pass this obstacle the son had entered the great throbbing hive of Broadway and was lost to sight. The old \iilain in his rage at being thus baffled sat himself down on a small bale of dry gocds that was lying in the entrance of a warehouse, cursing and swearing with such fury that he was peremptorily ordered away by a clerk. When he hesitated to obey that summons lie met with more energetic treatment than the bartender had meted out to him. An iron fist gripped him by the collar of his coat, and flung him with contumely into the gutter, where only by a mercy of Providence he escaped being run over and crushed by passing conveyances. He gathered himself together, scowling and threatening, and slunk away, bruised, muddy, and sore. There was no help for it. He was foiled for the moment, and te would have to play the waiting game. He would have to be humble, very humble; he would have to play the part of a poor unfortunate petitioner for alms if need be, but he would find Mr. Hubert Underwood, and having found him he would fasten on him, and never, never lose sight of him again. He dodged back into Fulton-street. A little way down a German fruit and provision merchant was standing at the entrance of his shop. Good nature was written all over his adipose face, and Mr. Michael Turner perceived at a glance that here he was likely to meet with generosity. He looked piteously at the Teuton. " Would yew be so very very kind, sir," he whispered in bis softest and most mellow tone, " as to give a poor man as ain't got a cent a sheet of paper an' an envelope to write to his ony son as doesn't know as his father has jest come out o' hospital, an' is still very, very sick':" The fat German looked the old rascal up and down dubiously. " Gome in," he 6aid with a broad grin. " I guess you vos a old tief, but you steals noddins hera With that he led Mr. Turner to a little high desk and stool, and placed a eheet_ of paperand envelope and pen and ink before him, crossing bisarms whilst the white-headed ruffian, with the most woe begone face imaginable, sat down and scribbled his note. When the epistle was written and the envelope closed and addressed the old scoundrel turned out his pocket as if searching for coins that ought to have been stowed away there. " Oh, you knows very veil you got noddins dare," laughed the provision merchant, "und if I give you dwendy-five sents you buy viskeys. Here is dwendy-five sents, you go und buy viskey." The double lucky rascal went away with profuse expressions of gratitude, calling upon the head of his benefactor all the blessings of a Providence that had been so unkind to him. Never had so small a sum as twenty-five cents reaped more fervent thanks and good wishes. Mr. Turner felt that he was on the high road to fortune when, with his quarter of a dollar in his pocket and bis epistle in his hand, he entered the office of the big journal. He was immediately accosted and stopped by a clerk. " Your business ?" was the gruff demand. He remembered that humbleness was his best resource, and bent his neck to the rod. " Would yew please be so kind as to tell me if Mr. Underwood is in the office an' if I can see him ?" he asked. " Mr. Underwood ain't in, and you couldn't see him if he were," was the abrupt and decisive reply. "Could I leave this note for him, if yew please?" he continued cringingly. " You can leave the note for him and go," was the answer he obtained. "I guess I've lost a day." he muttered to himself as he stepped into the street again, "an'I've got to keep my eyes skinned now day an'night. When he'll get away from ine agin I guess he'll be clever, that he will." 