Art and Artists, . Local Painter. Mr. Oscar Friatrom lias jaat connpletod two life* size bust portraits in oil of Mrs H. J* Oxley and Mrs. J. B. Bickie. From an artistic point of view bath pictures have been masterly handled, ana the excellent delineation in, each instance reflects great credit upon Mr. Ftis* twm'8*kill. There is an old man in New York who has passed 25 je&rs; aa a model for artist*. He hw often been copied as the ideal Adam, King Lear, Father Time, and in his yonoger days as Aaron Burr. The artists are now raising money to Bend him to a home for aged people, for hi* usefulness to art is now a thing of the pa*t* The youngest lady artist who has ever bad a picture accepted for the Royal Academy i* Miea Latimer, of Leeeon Park, Dublin, who w now only 1C years of age. She shows remark able artistic talent, and is said to have atodu-d in Dnsseldorp. At present she is working by herself, and showing good results.. . Frank B. Mayer, of Annapolis, has painted on a canvas 4 foet by 8 feet a group of 23 per sons whoBe standing and general appe^an^e may be conjectured from the title,11 The O"Se nators and Founders of the Baltimore and Ohio , Railroad." The only one of the "originators living is John H. B Litrobe, who is now in his 88th year. The original painting by \ John Henry Fas sell, E.A., of the " Ghost scene from Hamlet, i painted about 1778, from wbich the we&known; ' engraving.was made, which is included in Boy 1 dell's 14 Shakespeare Gallery," has been pre sented to the Actors' Fond o£ America by William Thomas Wright of London, through President A- M. Palmer. On nil aides we hear (says Mr. Aahby-Sterry in the London Graphic) of timea being bad for art, the diffionlty of selling pictures, and the to ferior prices obtained by artista for their wot*. Ana jet art galleries ate increasing to an alarming extant. A new gallery oooors even oftener than a new theatre, and a fresh picture show is as frequent as the muoh.ina'iguea | matinee. I The Qneen has oommissioned M. BiasinI, a looal sculptor, to erect a monument over the grave of Misi Elizabeth Reynolds, the Queen s I chief honsemaid, who is buried in the Qraare I Cemetery, at a spot selected by Her Majesty i herself. The monument will consist of a single I block of etone, surmounted by a stone croae, j and will bear an inscription in the English and French languages. Lord SicisviUe is said to have sold three of the most important pictures in the oolleptionat Knole privately for very highjpriees. - The full-lenglh portrait of Hme. Bachelli, by Gainsborough, now passes into the collection of Mr. Cunlitfa-Lister. 8fr Joshua Reynolds s full-length portrait of Mrs. Abington as •' «« Oomio Hose," together with the same artist« - well-known work "Gipsy Fortune- tellers, become* the property of Baron Ferdinand da Rothschild. Wisa Gertrude Domain Hammond's pictures at the Institute of Water Dolours were so mrch admired by the Empress Frederick, that hi r Imperial Majesty invited the young, wrist <o . call on her at Buckingham Palace, and bring with her some other examples of her work. Miss Hammond, of course, complied with tl, royal request, and among other pioturee, But« mitted to her Majes'y a charming water coloor just completed, called " A Roman Oonqteror. The Empress expressed herself as much interested in Miss Hammond's future career. MUe Odetieuhas revived in France the deli cate art of miniature painting, wbioh threaten to become oxtinot The dainty p "droits by tbir lady are b*coming fashionable. The Prm eewa Leon de Rohan-Chabot and her childrtn have been painted by MUe. Odrri*a. TbeeerUa of graceful miniatures, framed in the eighteenth century style, ia one of the emaoients of tie study of the Duke Leon de Rohan. 1 bey ai e placed on the spleudid writing table which belonged to the Marquis de Bossy, Vioeroytl India, maternal grandfather of the present w* preventative of the bouse of Rohan In tbe boudoir of tbe duobess, bung with pale laws atnSs, worked in gold, among other ebuveura of friends is a charmingly painted tambourine by the Daohesse de Charlies. Crowds have been flocking to the Royal Academy Exhibition during the week (says tie European Mail of May 8), aud many of the leadiDg colonists in town have been seen fllttiig from room to room, their object being to form an independent judgment on the collection. The small picture by Mr Samuel Bigg, entitled "In Front of the a rand Stand at the Finish of tbo Melbourne Cup." has natarally attracted considerable attcutioo. Of the piotures marked "sold," attention maybe drawn in this column to Mr. Frank Dicksee's painting, " The Crisis,' Mr. J. W. Waterhou3R's " Olytrea and the Sirens," aud a water-colour by Mevethsime. These three have been selected by Mr. Her. komor, R A , as most desltablo additions foe theViotoriau National Gallery, and tbey will bo sent to Melbourne at the olosa of tbs Academy Exhibition in August. Royal Academicians of late years have done remarkably well out of colonial art lovers ('4ya tbe European Maii). in addition to disposing^ of "TheCrisis" t> the trustees of the Victorian National Gallety, Mr. Dloksee has Mid his allegorical piolu-o. " Mountain of the Winds, to Mr. \V Ku x D'Arjy, the Mount Morgan millionai-e, who, by the way, is having a magnificent drawing room. 50 feet in length, adiit d to bis mansion in Middlesex—Etanmoro Hail—which he pur'.based recntly from Mr. J'hu Holland, lute M.P. for Brighton. Mr. M'Oolloch, another wealthy Australian, has pttmhassd Mr. Stanhope Forbea's " Soldiers end flailow," one of M'*..Sbnihops Forbw a quaint bits of Cornish chMlife. Hte gallery will also shortly be enriched by the addition Of s new canvas by Sir John Mfllais, and an ey oellent subject from the brush of Jar. David Hnqra^. 