SUPERSTITION IN INDIA. The Calcutta Englisnhman,describing a case which recently came before the High Court of Calcutta, says that it exhibits in a striking manner the difference between Hindoo and Mahommedan suanperstitions. Hindooeism holds that every supernatural being is a god-that is, an incarnation or manifestation of the Supreme Being and entitled, therefore, to homage and propitiatory offerings. This idea is an abomination to the followers of the Prophet, the first article of whose terse creed is that there is but one God. Islam, however, permits of the belief in an un limited number of ghosts and gobline who are all to be treated as enemies, to' be anathematised and repulsed, but on no account to be compounded with or conciliated. The case in question was this :-There was a desirable piece of land lying waste, because it was reputed to be haunted by a goddess who resented interference with her domain. The Hindoos did all they could to propitiate her, setting apart a tree for her abode, under which they erected an idol id her honour, to which they made offerings of fruits and flowers. Still the goddess continued implacable, and, on one man venturing to cultivate some of the land, she caused him and his children to be carried off by death. Eventually, some Mahommedan neighbours, laughing to scorn the Hindoo sunperstition, under took to reclaim the land; but the god desm presented herself before one of them as a frightful ogre, and al though he religiously set her down as a hobgoblin that only increased his terror. But another Mahommedan argued that a Hindoo goddess ought to have no chance in a fair fight with the followers of the Prophet. So the Mahommuedane, under his leadership, proceeded with a cow to the goddess's tree, and killed it there, placing parts of the carcase among the branches, and even smearing the idol with its blood. As a result of this defiant outrage, the goddess was com pletely routed. Indeed, she would never have been heard of again, but that her devotees were inconsolable, and set the penal code in operation against her oppressors, so that five of the Mahommedans were sentenced to im prisonment for outraging religious sus ceptibilities," as impartial British law puts it. From the Hindoo point of view, all this is as it should be; but to the Mahommedans it will appear that the Government has taken the part of the hobgoblinwhen they were defending them selves against the unprovoked and malicious treatment. 