A ROMANCE OF ITALY, .When I was in Italy, some years a«o, I knew a young Englishman who was iu the habit ot seeking places to reside in little frequented by his countryman. He was a lover of soli tude and study, addicted to reverie; and much of his life was a gentle simmering dream that glided to the music of romantic traditions. At the time I must now refer to he had selected as liia abode one of the deserted palaces of the Venetian nobility on the banks of the Brenta. But he had no acquaintance with the owners to interrupt hie solitude, for he had- hired it from the steward to ■whom their affairs were entrusted. It had attracted his fancy, though it was mucii out of oMer, from having a gallery of pictures, chiefly portraits, still remaining, and in good preser vation. There was also a large neglected garden, with a, terrace, along the river, and in its sbady overgrown walks the Englishman sat or wandered for many hours of the day. But be a! so spent > much time in the picture gallery, con versing with the grave old; senators, saturating his mind with the colors ot Tintoretto, and Paolo Veronese, and j contemplating, like a modern Paris, j the goddesses of Titian's pencil. | But there was one picture that i gradually won liis very heart. It was a portrait by Giorgione, of a young Venetian lady i and the old servant of the home called her La Celestina. She had the full and luxurious Vene tian form ; but unlike any of the other female portraits, there was a profusion of rather light bi'mvii hair flowing down her back, as one sees in some of the early Italian pictures of the Virgin, and the sunny stream fell from a wreath of bay leaves. Per dress was of dark green silk. An antique bust of an old man was repre sented on a table before her, and her right hand and raised fore-finger seemed to. indicate that both she and the spectator on whom her divine eyes were fixed, must listen to some ex pected oracle from the marble lips. She might have served as a lovely symbol of the fresh present world listening to. the fixed and Sibylline past. Her eyes were large and dark, b,ut not lustrous; they seemed rather heavy, with an inward thoughtful melancholy, as if there were some thing in her situation or character more solemn than her years or circum stances could have led up to expect. There was, however, no tradition of her story, except that she was the daughter of the family which still possessed the palace and the picture, and that she had died in early life. Before this figure, the young Englishman would remain for an hour or two at a time, endeavoring to shape out for himself some distinct view of her being and story. This was idle work, ajs it lead him to no definite and lasting creation, but it occupied him for the time as well as anything else that he was likely to have done. By and-by his fancy so gained upon him that he had the chamber next- to that part of the gallery where the picture ' was, arranged as his bedroom, so that he might be rear his incorporeal mis tress even during the hours of sleep. One night toon after this change had been made, while he was lying in bed, and musing of Celestina, he thought he heard a noi&e; in the gallery consecrated to her, low voices, and a light step. He felt, I believe, nay. cherished some dash of superstitious fear in his character, and he did not rise to examine into the matter. The next night was that of the full ■ moon and again he heard the same sound ; and again, for the third time on the night following. Then it ceased and for some days h& was in much perplexity. The gallery, by daylight, I presented no appearance of change. He brooded over the remembrance, 1 whether founded in fact or imagiua | tion, till it struck him that, perhaps, there was a connection between the sounds and the age of the moon when ■ they were heard, and that, if so, tliey j might possibly return at the next corresponding period. He grew thin and nervous with anxiety, and resolved at all hazards to endeavor to clear up the secret. The night before the full moon came and with it the sounds—the light , whispers murmured and sang along the high walls and ceilings,, and the steps flitted like fairies' from end to ; end of the galleries. But even now he could not resolve to part with the tremulous pleasure of the mystery. ! The following night, that of the full j moon, he felt wora out, fretted-, and I desperate. Again the sounds were heard, the doors opened and closed, the. steps throbbed in his heart; the indistinguishable words flew on, till he caught, in.a, low but clear tone, the name of Celestina. He aeized a tword and stepped silently to- a door near him, which opened into the gallery, and was in deep shadow. TJnclosing it slowly, he looked down the long room, and there, opposite the place o£" the well known picture, stood iu the bright moonlight, Celestina herself upon the floor. Tile right hand was raised like that on the canvas, as if to listen, and the eyes were, looking earnestly into the depth of gloom that hid' the Englishman. TTe letfallhis sword,let go the door, which closed before him, and' when he l.n.l again courage to open it. the gallery was empty, and the still clear light fell only on a vacant sur face. The consequence to him of this event was 3 severe illness, and a friend and fellow-couptryinau was sent for from Venice to attend liis sick-bed. This visitor gradually obtained an out line of the facts from the sufferer and then applied to the old Italiau servant in order to arrive at. a reasonable explanation. But he stoutly denied all knowledge of anything that could throw light on the matter. Next day the friend found upon his table a slip of paper, on which was written in a beautiful female hand, a I request that he would present himself in the easternmost arbor of the garden at the hour of the siesta. He of course did so, and found there a lady in a dark dress and closely veiled. She said, in fine Italian, that she had begged to see him in order to repair, if possible, the mischief which had been accidentally done. " My father," she continued, " the j owner of this palace, is of a proud but | impoverished Venetian family. His i , son ia an officer in an Austrian regi ment, which has been stationed for some yeai's in Hungary ; and lam the old man's only companion. He is. perhaps, a little peculiar and eccentric in his habits and character, and all his strongest feelings are directed towards the memory of his ancestors, whose abode is now occupied by yotir friend. Nothing but necessity would have induced him to let it to a stranger, and to reside in the small house in the neighborhood which we now inhabit " He still perpetually recurs to the traditional stories of his family's former greatness ; and it is a favorite, point of betief with bitn that his daughter closely resemble? the Celestina whose picture is in the gallery, and whose name she bears. Owing; to this fancy, he is never satisfied unless he sees her dre&sed; in imitation of the idolised portrait. But as he no longer inhabits the house, and does not choose to present him self'to iiS; occupier in a iighfc he con siders so unworthy, he could gratifv his love for the pictures only by visit ing them at night, at a time when the moon affords a light by which, imper fect as it is, his ancestors appear to him distinct and beautiful beings. Nor could he be long contented with this solitary pleasure, but insisted that I sfio,uld accompany him. " We have more than once entered through a door from, the gardens, and it was on the last of these occasions that I thought I heard a noise, and while I listened, the door at the end of the gailery was opened, and then violently closed again. Ou this alarm we immediately escaped as we had entered, and the strange consequences to your friend have been to me a source of much regret. We heard of his illness from our old servant Antonio, the only person who knew of our nightly visits. To convince yo'u that this is the whole secret, I have put on the dress I then wore, and you shall judge for yourself of my resem blance to the picture." So saying, she threw aside her veil and mantle, and surprised the stranger 1 with the view of her noble eyes, and of her youthful Italian beauty, clothed in the dress of rich green silk, which closely imitated that of the painted Celestina. Her hearer was amused by the mistake, and de lighted by her explanation. He ventured to ask the lady that, when his sick friend should be "a little recovered, she would complete her kindness by enabling him to judge for himself of the beautiful resemblance which had so misled him. She said she would willingly do so, and onlv regretted that, owing to her father's turn of character, it would be almost impossible to make him assent to any meeting with the present occupier of his ancient palace. She, therefore, said that it must again be a private interview, and might take place at the same spot on the third day follow ing-. iTer new acquaintance was com pelled to return to Venice, and so could not carry out the adventure in his own person. But ihe account which he gave to his friend soon re stored the patient to strength and cheerfulness. Immediately after his companion's departure, he had the green and shady arbor prepared for.the expected meet ing- A collection of choice fruits, sweetmeats, and wine were set out in ] silver vessels on a marble table. The ghost seer, dressed according to hia own fancy, in the garb of a i Venetian cavalier- of the old time, j waited for his guest, who did not fail him. He thought her far more beautiful than the picture. '' hey sat side by side, with the glowing, feelings j of southern a?id imaginative youth. She sang for him, and played on a guitar which he had taken care to place at hand ; and he felt himself gifted with undreamt-of happiness. They m^t together more than once, and walked together along the gallery, where he could; at leisure, compare her with G-iorgione's Celestina,. and give her the deliberate- preference. But he was at last dismayed by hear ing from her that she-was designed by : her-father for a conventual life, in order to. preserve the remnant of his fortune exclusively for his sou. The. Englishman's decision was soon taken. He, too, was of noble birth, and had wealth enough to. make for tune in his wife unimportant. He. gained her father's consent of their marriage, and she is now the mistress of an old English country-house. She looks on the portraits bv Vandyke on its walls with as much pleasure as she evci,'derived from those of Til Jar* for she now tries to find in them a likeness to more tliau one young face that often rests upon her knees. Of this new generation, the eldest and the loveliest ia called, lite bersejf, Celpstiiw. SA3TDEB & SOILS'" EUCALYPTI EX TRACT.—Under the distinguished patron age cf His Majesty the King of Italy, as per communication made by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, through the Consul General for Italy at Melbourne, 1-1-tli March, 1878\. Awarded Diploma at the Amsterdam Exhibition, 1S83. Acknowledged by Medical Clinics and Universities all over the Globe. There are imitations of Eucalypti Ex tract in the market, products of simple distillation, forming crude resinous oils. In order that these crude oils may not be taken for our Pure Volatile Eucalypti Ex tract, which is recognised by the. medical division of the Prussian Government to be of perfectly pure origin, as per information forwarded to us through the Consul at Melbourne, 2nd Sfarch, 1S78, we state:— It is proved by tests ma de by the Medical Clinics of the Universities at Bona and Greifstrald (Prussia), and reported by Dr. Scliulz, Professor of Pharmacology at Bonn and Professor Dr. Hosier, Director of the Medical Clinic at Greifswald, that only products that are saturated with oxygen and freed of acids, resinous and other sub stances, adliereiit to primary distillation, ■will develop the sanative qualities proper to the plant. All crude ojls, or so-called Eucalypti Extracts, are to be classed according to the named authorities among the turpentines which are of insignificant medical value, and abandoned long since as an internal medicament. These crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti Extract, are discernible— 1\. By their deficiency in pungent odor (which our product, the only genuine Euealypti Extract, develops most freely through its surplus of oxygen). 2 By their alcoholic, thin and mobile ap pearance, being reduced in specific den sity through the presence of acids. 3 By their taste, the result of the con tracting tendency of resins and tanats. If these crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti Extracts, are applied by mistake in cases of croup, bronchitis, diphtheria, internal inflammations, dysentery, &c.;, the conse q uences are most appalling. For safety sake ask always for Sander & Sons' Eucalypti Extract.—Sandhurst, Victoria, Australia— SASDEE & SON. Piano Keys.—The following recipe will whiten piano keys, viz.:—loz. nitric acid, lOoz. soft water. Apply with a brush, . taking care it does not flow oa the wood, and cleanse carefully with clean water and flannel. If not gone too far, rub carefully with lemon juice: while still damp, vut on whiting or prepared chalk, mixed with lemon juice. Holloway's Ointment and Pills are beyond all doubt the most valuable and most convenient medicines that travellers can take across the seas to distant climes, for change of clim.-iieand the new conditions and surround!ij gs of life to which they will be exposed will assuredly {jive rise to great disturbances of the system and to such sjjecial morbid states of the I Jood and con stitution generally as will render the use of these effectual remedies highly necessary, for they will find in them a ready and safe means of relief in most of the diseases which, afflict the human, race, and with i them at hand they may be said to have a j physician always at their call. j Another Way to Ci/ean oe Whiten ■ Pianoforte Keys.—First wash well with I soap on a piece of flannel; then wipe off ] j with the same flannel. When dry, apply powdered pumice-stone made into paste. I Allow it to remain on wet several days, then wipe oif. \ " Bucha-paiba."—Quick, complete cure I of all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and , Urinary Diseases. At chemists and drug- ] [ gists. P. H. Paulding & Co., Agents, 1 Adelaide. California is the only state in the Union whicli at present produces quicksilver in commercial quantities. There are nineteen millionaires in the : United States Senate whose combined wealth foots up to about 140,000,000dols. 