SALMAGUNDI. There is trouble between tho A''nUcuu and tlio Italian Government. Meetings nro being held around Newcastle agiiinst tho Booth boodlo. - Feeling rmis high. Five himdrcd Russian University students have been arrested on a charge of conspiring to kill tho Czar. Tho second reading of tho Land Repurchase Bill was carried in tlio South Australian Par liament by 2-t.to 13. Catbcrlno Byrne, sister of John Byrne, a member of tlio celobratcd Kelly gang, is now in gaol for vagrancy. Tho gnhblo of tho Parliamentary -windbags does some good. It provides work for comps. at tbe Govomniont Printing ollioe. Serious election riots took place at Cordoba and Tucanuan, in tho Argoiithio Ropublio. Tho police fired on tho rioters, killing many of them. , The Improved Dwellings and Lodging- Hou.se Company of Molboumo has deolared a dividend of 10 per cent, and yet tho bank rate is but 5 per cent. . The Chineso aro giving Europeans " taty rough time of it in tho provinco of Hunan. 'AVhy don't thoy poll-tax the " heathen Europeo," if thoy don't want him. I has been discovered that Porkes keeps a diary. Our correspondent iu Shcol ivires tliat there is a big rise in , the price of asbestos " down below " in conscqucnee. Tlie Holland Socialists havo drawn up a municipal platform, and havo already suc ceeded iu electing sevonil of tlicir number to tlio Municipal Coimcil of Amsterdam. Tho French Socialists aro energetically opposing tho proposed allianoo of tliat coimtry with Russia, as thoy consider such an alliimco to bo derogatory to tho causo of freedom. Tho South Australian Government are be- stirring- themselves anent tho Chinese invasion of West Australia. It is reported that the influx- of Chinaman to tho latter colony is assuming alarming proportions. Captain Bell of thoQambiorhas been found guilty of gross misconduct by tho Court of Marino Inquiry, appointed to examine into tho Gambicr-Eusby Collision. Captain Boll's certificate was suspended for nino months, bnt ho has given notice of his intention tu appeal. The influenza is spreading throughout the colony, and tho doctors arc obliged to confc.sa themselves beaten by tho insidious malady. However, Mr. Newton, tho herbalist of 739 Gcorgo-strcct Soutli, claims that his remedies, plucked from nature's garden, are efficacious for the relief of this distressing malady. In returning thanks for a prosontntion, at Newcastle, on Friday week, Mr. Alex. Brown said that ho was not at liberty to speak openly at that juncture, but ho had no doubt that when tho now Cabinet was formed ho would bo found occupying ii seat on tho Jliinstoriiil boiiches. Subsequent events proved Mr. Brown's utterances to liiivo been a little too prcmatiiro, as tbo list of Ciibinot Ministers did not inoliido liis classic name. Tho Albiiry branch of tho Labor Elootor.-il Loaguo 1ms decided to extend tlio operations of that body to niiinicipal as well as parlia mentary elections in tho future, and a sub- conimittco was nomiuiltcd for tho purposo of drafting a platform iu connection therewith. Tho platform adopted by the Newtown Loaguo will in all probability, bo . adhered, to. by-.thov Albury branch. - . . An interesting anecdote is related of Carlyle, tho determined enemy of cant and humbug in any shape or form. Having bor rowed from tho London Library Charles Dibden's collection of songs, in which was the jingoistic and boastful " Rule Britannia," Carlyle returned tho volume with a foot-note at the end of that song, " Cock-a-doodle- doo!" That describes " Rule Britannia " beautifully. Edison has made a wonderful discovery. He claims that ho has invented a -new application for electricity where by three stationary engines will be adequate to conduct the traffic between New York and Philadelphia, at any rate of speed required. It is proposed to run electric trains from Milwaukee to Chicago, a distance of 100 miles, and it is stated that the ordi nary rails can bo utilised, tho electric cur rents being oontroUed with perfect ' safety. How will this affect railway men ? Tho British Cabinet is deeply interested in questions affecting Capital and Labor. This is good nowsi AVhen a slcopy institution like tho British Cabinet becomes interested in any thing it shows that thing to bo in a fair way of affcoting tho existence of the institution. All tho same, it is rather humorous to read, per cable, that tho British Cabinet has woke up at last to tho fact that there is such a thuig as,.Capital and Labor, when tho two forces have becu in tho throes of a gigiintio sti'ugglo for half a century. Four days in a fortnight I How many hours a day is that? And yet tlio colliery proprietors say that miners are well paid. Ton or twelve shillings a day looks well on paper, hut when you only got four days work ill a fortnight it brings tho average down "pretty eonsideriihle," as tho Yank says. Bricklayers, stonemasons, carpenters, com positors, wharf laborers, &o.;, &c.;, aro put down for fair sums per day or hour, hut six months' work in tlio year — and vory often less — takes all the gilt off tho gingerbread. , Tliorc arrived at Auckland ou tlio lit inst. a schooner called tho Pitcau-n, owned by Uio General Conference of the Soventh Day Ad- vcutists, whoso head quarters are at Buttlo Creek, Miohigan. She was construetod spe- bially for mission puiqioses in the Paoifto ou thoir behalf. AA''ho are tlie Soventli Day Advontists ? AVhero is Battle Creek ? Aud what does tho unsophisticated savage oaro about cither? The islands appear io bo a nevor-failmg milk aud honey jar to mission aries from any where— oven from Battle Crock, Michigan. A gentleman named Cecil Holmes has painted a portrait of Sir Henry Parkes. Tlie. daily papers say, — "In the -serenity and placid composure of tho Proniior's look tliero 18 not a hint of official responsibilities or poli tical worry." No Boul-harrowing expres sion, consequent on tho recollection of over due I.O.U.'s and. promiMory notes. No peni tent look, resulting from ii knowledge of broken jironiises. Not much ! Parkes has a patent iiidia-ruhber oon.scionco, aud never suffers from remorse. Even tlio Kiiiuia ghost may shriek in vain. Last Sunday ovoiiing, Mr. AA''. A. Holmau Icotiired in Leigh Iloiise, Castlereagh -street, under tho anspicos of tho Australian Socialist League. Hisshbjectwas "Edueation," and ho handled it in a most salisfnctor' manner, ohaniiiug tho aiidieiioo by tho beauty of his language and tho force and trntli of his arguments. Next Sunday, Mi-. S. A. Rosa, tiio secretary of the League, will Iccturo ou " Tlic 'VYondcra of Socialist Peru. ' ' Lectures have also been arranged for by Mr. Arthur Rao, M.L.A, Mr. Goorgo Black, M.L.A., Sir. AY. A. Holman, and Mr. J. D. Fitz gerald, SI.L.A. Tho menibors of tho Balmain section of tho Labor Electoral League of Now South A\''ale3 mot on Friday, tho 23rd in.st,, in Cohen's Hall, Mullins-strcct, B.almain, under tho pre sidency of Mr. S. Law. There was a good attendance. Tho chief business was tho elec tion of officers. It was resolved that those now elected should hold office until Juno 30, 1892, except tho president, who was elected for three months. Tlio other offlooi'S chosen wore as follows : — A'Ace-prcsideiit, S. Kirkby ; lion, treasurer, J. R. M'Clynioiit ; hon. sees., D. T. Bellamy and Peter Dandle ; committee, SIcssrs. Rolfe, Boyd, SI'Fiirlnno, Long, Deiiipscy, M'Lachlun, Byors, Sheltoii and ICidsoii. A deputation of tho uuoiiiployod waited upon tho Mayor of Biindiibei-g last week witli tho view of getting emplQ3nieiit. Tlio leader of the doputatiou . stated that there were nearly 300 out of work owing to tho closing of the refinery and sugar niiUs, and no other work was obtainable. The men were willing to' woi-k oh subsistonco wage.i. Tlio Mayor" said ho would tndeavor to got the municipal bouncil to provido roliof works at low wages. A.et while tlicse poor mlsorahlo unfortunates nro starving and express their willingness to work for their "tucker" alone, Pi-eiuier Griffith is spending thousiiiuls of X'U"uds yearly for tlio pui-pose of introducing chcaxi labor into the colony by tho device known as assisted immignition. The Vorher's Cry (Eng.), founded by I'rank Smith, has boon amalgamated with the TjCader, and will now bo knoivii as Tho Leader and Worker'' s Advocate. A paragraph from tho first issue under tlio now regime will show tho lines upon which tho paper -will bo run: — "AYo shall rccogniso only two parties, tho Isibor and tho Anti-Labor, and under whatever disguise the latter may hide itself, whether Tory or AVliig, wo shall have no compromiso with it. AVlien wo speak of Labor roprcsontation wo don't moiiii tho rotiim of men to Pariiainout who shall bo party politicians first and Labor men after wards. AYo mean iudex>endonco." This sounds liko an echo from tho AYorkjun. AYo wish tlio vontm-e success. Tliero was a very sueeossfiil meeting at Balmain on Saturday niglit last, when Messrs. Johnston, Murphy, Qiirk, and Darnley de livered addresses ou tho political oiisis to over Uirco hundred of thoir constituents. Tlio .members briefly reviewed tlio work of tho session, and stated thoir dctcniiiniition not to support tlio now Government unless they brought before tho Houso domooratio legis- latiou. Mr. Murphy stated that they would not bo afraid to remove Dibbs from power, notwitlistiindiiig ho had a dissolution " up his .sleeve. " Thoy wore not afraid of a dissolu tion, and folt certain that tho xiarty would "aiii rather than lose by a general election. 'Tho various spe.ikcrs wero heartily applauded at tho close of their rcspcotivo spceohos, mid were accorded an unanimous vote of conlidonce. 