VICTORIAN POLITICIANS. [Br LONGFELLOW IN THE MARYBOROUGH STANDARD.] MB. AR.RAKN DKAKIN. • When I first saw this gentleman lie looked like a ghost; so thin, alight, and tall did he appear. Added to ' this, he wears" dark green glasses, and what with "them and' his dark lank hair and beard, and pale marble like skin, I thought him a queer , looking individual. But to hear him speak is quite another thing. I saw and heard "him to to great advantage on the public platform about seven years ago, in the Melbourne Town Hall, on the very question of federation that-we ara discussing to-day. Among the many, leading speakers on that occasion Deakin .-lose i superior to them all. His broad liberal views; his wide and personal experience - of Australian politics, manners, customs, and so forth, which he had gathered from his sojourn in the islands of Oceana, his sta&esmanrlike; grasp of political subjects, his graphic and flowing language,- stamped him tn the orator of the evening, and one of whom Australians might well be proud, apart from the trend of his opinions on other matters. While speaking he gesticulates freely, but gracefully, and never waits far a word or idea. He has the knack of dwelling on the driest figures and statistics in a manner to make them interesting to an audience, a feat not to be performed by even some of our greatest public speakers. In description he can paint a word panorama, a- d rivet the attention in a manner known only to the born orator. Sm BRYAN O'LOGHLEN. A stout, middle-sized "rale onld Irish gintleman," with a long full beard, inclined to sandy. If seen in the street in conversation, he is leaning back on his gingham, stroking his beard, without any flurry about his movements. He is extremely punctual to Parliamentary duties, and is ever on the alert. He is the mildest and most generous opponent iu the House, always willing to acknowledge an error on his part, and will never take an undue advantage of any person. In attack, there is nothing of vitriolic invective, spite, or malignity. He is fair and philosophic in his attitnde and dealing in the House, but a formidable opponent, in debate. He speaks with great care and premeditation, in a fine deep voice that seems to roll out the words in one continual measured flow. From the way he arranges facts aud sets forth his statement in snch clear unequivocal terms, his impartiality and dignified bearing, his dislike of trifling and quibling, his sober eloquence, and manly frankness, one would conclude that he is eminently fitted for a high judicial capacity and that his proper place is on the Bench, in the wig and ermine. ME. JAMES MUXRO. A "plain, blunt man," as "Mark Anthony " would Say. A head that cares for nothing beyond the realms of stern facts and actualities. A consummate financier and economist, and plain matter-of- fact man. What he has to say, bis motto seems to be " out with it" and there is no beating about the bush. In those parts of his task that require ornate embellishments, which he is" certainly not suited to nor capable of, he has the services of the most dexterous foUer and accomplished scholar in the house— MR SHIELS. Mr. Deakin, with all his promise, seems to pale before the superior light of Shiels' brilliant and diversified gifts. His wit, eloquence, sarcasm, aud penetration make him the most popular man in the Honse; while the Divorce Bill, of which he is the author and framer, stamps him as a statesman of the most advanced liberal type. 