NOTES EN PASSANT. (By FassoacnsA) In the sayings and doings of the labor delegates sitting in congress in Ballarat, there is a good deal to interest and some thing over which to ponder. There is also a novelty in the shape of a lady delegate, who apparently holds her own among those of the sterner sex, and gives forth some very commonsense opinions. Shades of St. Paul l a woman so far out of her assigned sphere, and evidently not out of place. In what capacity will woman next appear? The lady delegate, however, seems to have a very good conception of the causes of some of the troubles which are exercising the mind of labor, and in giving them voice treads rather sharply on feminine toes. They are, according to their fair representa tive, the heart and front of the sweating system offending, and on them is laid the onus of the starvation prices ruling for girl labor in the shops. Their bargaining and heating down proclivities force employers to get the wcrk done at the cheapest possihle rate irrespectiv-e of the suffering caused by it, and letting daughters work for a shilling or two a week, so that the expense of clothing might be taken off their- own shoulders is, according to Mrs. Mauir, the o ( e Wufm atg ino . This lady is rather-'rd upon oea n sex, but a woman herself, feminine foibles and failings are to her an open book, and practical knowledge and investigation of the evil under discussion gives her words weight, and proves that some of the blame at least, laid on sweaters shoulders, can be shifted on to those of their fair customets. Shopping is the dear delight of the feminine heart, but shopping minus the zest of bargaioing would be as dulland ouninteresting as anfter noon tea without a chat ; therefore bargain they must. though every penny taken off represented a direct loss to their poorer sisters. Whether sweating will ever wholly cease in the land or not, it ishard to say : the causes are many, the remedies proposed at least can be but partial until all men are of one mind, or until the State becomes the great regulator and employer of every labor. It is undonhtedly in woman's power to greatly ameliorate the conditions of life under which her poorer sisters are fast losing health, hope, and happiness, hbut will she collectively exercise it for that purpose ! That is the question. By indlividuals much has been done, and more is doing, but in dividual effort is a very long time accom plishing reforms, that a united endeavor might briog about almost immediately. It would be a great sacrifice of pleasure to re frain from beating down the salesman offering some desired article, but when to refrain would be the means of relieving some suffering sister from the pains of penury and tribulation, or making her hard and toilsome lot more bearable; surely such self-sacrifice would bri~ng its own reward. "There is no beautifer of complexion, form or behavior like the wish to scatter joy, not pain aronnd us," says one of our most thoughful writers, and if this be true, then would woman gain far more than she could loae, by taking thought of the causes of sweating, and her share in them when she goes out on spending thought intent. Though acting on this might leave the evil in full blast in lines of business. pursued by the sterner sex only, yet home precept and practice on the part of those who all in fluence wield, would be a long step towards the much desired end. What a hold speech-making seems to have gained on the present generation, and what remarkably poor specimens of literary and oratorical effort numbers of those delivered are. There seems to be something in in tending speechifying that dries up the sources of insplration, esven whileit fires the soul with ambitition to do or die. Practical men who have abundance to say, and say it so well as to command the attention of any one they address, at all other times, when committed to deliberate speechifving are as dlmb men, while others to whom no one would give an ear on ordinary occasions, manage to acquit themselves trippingly and well of whatever sentiment, social toast or friendly gift may evoke. For everything now from a tea-service to a compliment, a "suitable response" must be forthcoming, and most suitable responses contain allusion individual or collective to company presentso that the oral hball is kept rolling until there is scarce the ghost of a compliment left with which it is possible for the last one to re spond. Go to social or ball, to parties or meetings garner up every speech delivered, every response made, at leisure think over their import, awl see if they are not snch stuff as. I was going to say dreams are made of, hot that would be subjecting the speech hearing community to the suspicion of perpetual nightmare, therefore will I snubsti tote, souch stuff as even the most dire of energies would scarcely justify deliberately resorting to. Of course there are some very good speakers who can keep hearers atten tion from the first word to the last, who handle the matter in hand with consummate skill, who say not one word more than is welcome, one less than is required; but others there are who bore their hearers to a degree that is almost insupportable. There is no possible chance to escape, nothing for it but to sit and suffer, and be thankful for any stray scraps of wit, wisdom, or elocutionary gold that fall to our lot. It is these last, however, who cannot be made to see that public speaking is not their forte, or relegate the task to others better fitted to cope with its difficulties. This privilege is one that the ladies may exercise to its fullest extent if they dhoose, any luckless masculine wight at hand may be deputed to respond for them.. and never a dissenting word may he utter, and those who are not gifted with speech abroad (few there are who lack eloquence at home) might well consider the advisability of arrogating some such privilege to themselves. A plain and sensible speech will always gain attention, even though it lack the desirable quality of oratorical eloquence, and seeine how inevi table a eoncomitait of social and official gatherings the epeeth hase becme in these moderday, t s surprising so little in the way,of preparation Is ever made for this part of proceedings. The immediate conse. quere of this aInck of preparation Is that nearly all travel over the ground opened up by the opening speech, or to go through the interesting process known as "patting each other on the baook." This does not always rise from the speakers' desire to propitiate, nor yet from their being imbued with sentiments, it would take a demi-god to excite, but because when called upon, or inspired to speechifying point, it very often happens that tllchey have given no thought to anything beyond the fact that a speech is to be made, and of being desirous to make a hlgare in it. The fioure making is easily managed, but the matter of the speech is an altogether different thing. Spontaneoeus-like it was t:o come, hut spontaenos-like it wont. The thousht that should move, the words that should clothe, have, if they were ever possessed, taken to themselves wings and flown. Stranded and helpless the woold-be speech maker is left to grasp at the straws cast out by other speakers, and endeavounr to rise to the surface of the oral stream by their aid-vain endeavour. They can but \- over again andb yetaS in the paths already trodden down y oters. Now if any oentrprisung individuaol, gifted with the art of making good speeches on any and every occasion, were hut to aid others in, to some extent at all events, doing the same. form preparatory classes, and induce those who onvyhis success in snch particular to join, It woeld probably prove as profitable to himself, eventually, as to others, and what a revolution would it be when thought and calture made after dinner and after meeting s:peeches, as much to be desired, as their drears ine ow ma?ges r them adreded. Could S*eaters in gmbryo but gr?sp the fact that impromptu speaking to be acceptable most not be a wild dash into a wilder sea of almost meaningless words, but a firm, clear, and comprehensive orat and mental grasp taken of the subject that necessitated it So many think that impromptu means speaking without having bestowed a solitary thought on'the subject that it is a little wonder no few make a success of it. An impromptu speaker to be worth hearing mout be a reader, a thinker, and if with these he possess any gift of oratory what ever, speeches will be a pleasure to listen to, more pleasant still to remember. The inculcsting, as it might, be omsthetically termed, of speeches would perhaps be a new departure in the way of accomplishmenta to be imparted, but it is so badly needed that any offence on the score of novelty might be readily forgiven. A remark made by Mr. Bennett, at the Labor Congress, that it would be almost im practicabletoapply theEight Hours system at once to domestic ervice,evoked some dissen tient murmurs,butforall that the speaker haod eound reason for his rhyme,and it is hard to see how even the most zealous in the cause coold be oblivious of the waste, destruction, pecuniary loss that would result from such a proceeding. Comparatively few people could afford servants to take the plare of those who would cease work directly their eight hours were completed. anl, most probably, at the most awkward time of the day, and unless they were skilled and strong enough to undertske it themseles,, the house and all in it:must suffer.,in"tbh struggle with incapacity and inixperience; There are, of course, many mistresses: in the colony, who are more capable than the domestics who serve them, hut these are far aut-numbered by those who would for a time be literally helpless when left to them selves. The waste and destuction that would result from the application of the eight hourn system to domestic service at once, would be almost incredible, and would, most probably, he the least of the trouble. orry and snraio would, most inevitably, end in sickness, and sickness in loss that in these dull days can be ill afforded. These things, of course, should not happen, but should and would in this cae, are in opposi. tion corners, and as we have not yet attained that ideal state that is in store, when the domestinservant shall be no more a necessity, and every woman is so skilled that the vagaries of the domestic will fail even to ruffle the serenity of her life, why the prospect of the servants going in simul taneoaely for eight hours work only at once, is not one of the pleasantest to those who are dependeet on them for comfort and eleanli ness. If the eight hous system is applied to domestic service, it ought to be brought into operation by degrees, something as the early closing was accomplished ,in some parts. Notice should be given and the servants cease work an hour earlier at such intervals as the time allowed for it to come into operation will permit. This would give mistresses, who were unable to pay for a second servant, time to begin at the hour the other ceased, to prepare themselves for the inevitable with, Ihot fortitude practical knowledge alonecan give. Should, however, the eight houro system in domestic service come in with a rush as some zealots are endeavouring to make it, there will be a wail of despoir throughout the land, and the press. such as never has been before, and such as those who will be deafened by its clamer will hope never to hear again. 