AMONGST THE BOOKS; LITERARY COSSIP. . :A Nt\o Life of Faraday , containing. Original And authentic : ihforraation about' the' .great 8oicnt>Bt,.has been J written by.Mr. Walter Jerrold, . a grandson of the" witty Douglas. It is reported that Sir CharleB Gavan Duffy ia about to publish , in a popular form a number of well- known - Irish poems' and works of pure literature. Sir. Oharles Is in rather feeble health, but he is as industrious as ever. r 'There in to bean exhibition of publio library book plates at tho annual mooting of tho Library Association of tho United Kingdom. The French are far ahead "in tho refinement of. their book i>lates, as they certainly nro in the xoience of biblograpliy treated generally." Eng lish designs for book plates lack " high fiuish and refined lightness of touch." During tho Emperor William's visit to Munioh somo very valuable historical documents from tho Bavarian arohives woro oxhibited. Among them aro sorao parchments which belonged to the Emperor Louis tho Bavarian nnd the ISmperior Rudolf of Habsburg, as well as decrees of tho Margraves of Brandenburg. Among the ancient books written on parchment is tho old Munich original of tkoSclucabcnspicyd, which is over 600 years old. It is beautifully written and full of illustrations, which are interesting both artistically and- historically. Sir William Mnir, in his prefaco to his new work The Caliphate , suggests a tbomo to ambitious authors. He laments tho want of any full and standard work in our own languago oil tho Crusades and on the Mamcluko Dynasty, and itfl overthrow by the Osmnnlics. Subjects, not only deeply interesting, ho says, in them selves,- but bound up with tho interest of tho Eastern churches and development of the political relations of Europe, Asia and Egypt. He expresses tho hope that some worthy pen may supply the want. Cruikshnnk still spells money. At Sotheby's recout ate Carey's Life in J'aris, with 20 oolored plates (one having beeu torn out) and 22 woodcuts from designs of tho great caricaturist -fetched a good price— no less than £8 153. The book boro tho date 1822, and was mostly uncut. At tho anino sale a lino copy of Augustino's City of God, printed in 1490 at Basle, with large woodcut and xylographio inscription, calf, was knocked down for £1 8s. Diokens seemed quite a drug in the market A first- edition of Bl'cak Mouse— Browne's illustrations— only realised 2s. . Mr. G. H. Putnam, tho well known American publisher, takes a view of tho future profits of the literary class which ought to bo consoling to Mr. Besant and tho Council of the Authors' Society. It seoms to liira certain that, with tho application throughout all tho States of tho world of tho principlo and the practice of inter national copyright, the returns to tho authors, at least to those producing books that aro wanted by the community (and by more than one community), must be very much increased. Tho author, he considers, should be able, while asking from each reader but a trifling payment, to seouro from his constantly increasing circle of readers throughout tho civilised world inde finitely increasing returns. There seems to Mr. Putnam, thercforo, no reason why tho author of the near future. (that is, tho effective author) may hot look forward to tho "potentiality of wealth beyond the dreams of avarico." To tho new number of ScriOntrs Magazine Mr. Andrew Lang contributes a kind of history of his own rendiug, which will interest all book ish readers. Ono of the most striking passngos tell of the sensations with which he mude acquaintance with the poefry of Lord Tennyson.. "Men," he observes, "scarcely know, as Shelley says, how beautiful fire is. I am convinced that we scarcely know how great a poet Lord Tenny- sonis; usohas made him too familiar.1 The same hand has 'raised tho Table Round again,' that has written tho sacred book of friendship, that has lulled us with the magio of the ' lotus eaters, and tho melody of 'Tithonus.' Ho has made ns move, like his own Prince, ' Among a world of ghosts, And fcel'oui-sclvoB tho shadows of a dream.' Ho has enriched our world with conquests of romance ; he has reout and reset a thousand ancient gems of Grccca and Home; he has roused our patriotism ; ho has stirred our pity; there is hardly a human passion but ho has purged it nnd ennobled it, 'except this of love.' Natliless (says Mr. Lang) the laurcntd remains tho most VQrious. the sweetest, tho most exquisite, the moat learned, the most Virgilian of all English poets, and wo may pity the lovers of poetry who died before Tennyson came," There lias been some controversy lately about the origin of the uamo "Ivanhoo as bestowed by Sir Walter Scott on his delightful though unhistorioal romance. There is a village called Iviughoo at tho junotion of Beds, Bucks and Herts, and one paper said that this had once been the ' residence of Sir Walter. Truth poured scorn on this, and proved that Sir Walter had never lired at Ivinghoo. Now some one else says that in the introduction to the edition of 1830 Sir Walter states that tho name was suggested to him by an old rbyme reoording the names of thrco manors forfeited by the ancestor of John Hampden for striking the Black Prince : — _ , Tring, Wing and Ivinghoe, For striking a blow, ' Hampden aid forego, And glad ho could escape so. A London correspondent happens to bo in a posi tion to stato tho circumstances under which Sir Waltor heard this rhyme. At the foot of the Chiltern Hills, some three miles from Tring, Btands a picturesque house called Stocks. This was tho home of a friond and contemporary of Sir Waltor's, one Mr. Gordon, with whom the great'romancist often stayed, and thus beoamo acquainted with tho name and tradition of Ivinghoe. ' The send of the uamo struck his faucy, and, slightly altering it, ho bestowed it on his then completed but' unnamed romance. Mr. Gordon's widow, a lady much young?? than himself, still lives at Stocks, aud the heir to her beautiful estate is Sir Edward Grey, M.P. LowellYposition in England 'was unique. He.' formed the only link between the English world of lottcrs and the world of diplomatists and courtiers. Lowell's only true ambition being literary success, he was continually moving from one of these worlds into the other. His diplomatic functions shed lustre upon him as a literary figure, howsoever,. little his literary fame may have addedto his position in that other world. ' During one and the same day he' might be met at luncheon at the house of a certain gteat poet, at a 5 o'clock tea at Mrs. Proctor's, and at dinner with people to whom these names Conveyed bo mo meaning perhaps, but less mean ing than did the name of tho late Mr. Ford- linm of Newmarket: But it might not be easy to say, at which .house Lowell made himself the most;, agreeable. / To tnlk, as many Americans have talked, of Lowell's subservience to the Engfish aristocracy is to talk with as muoh ignorance as spite. That stiffness of bearing in what is oalled speoinlly "sooiety," which at first Used to be commented upon, but which soon passed away, was simply tho raw expression of an invulnerable independence which onco was rather too dogged and aggressive. He luted to speak of. himself as. being an exceedingly shy man by nature. On ono occasion, when asked - to lunch to moot an eminent man of letters whom ho had never seen and wanted to see, nolioing that he hosi- tatcd. his host said— in irony, of course — "I am afraid that tho American Minister who has jostled most of the graudees in Europe feels shy." Ho said, "I do, but never with grandees." Speaking from a considerable personal know. Icdgo of the literary class, Mr. Walter Bcsnnt lays it clown ns a rule that British authors can not speak. This, of course, docs not mean that they cannot open their mouths whon they hap pen to want something. Thoro are publishers who givo them in that regard an excellent character. But Mr. Besant's complaint has reference mainly to social oratory. The fact indicates, wo are told, a difficulty which is con stantly embarrassing tho Authors' Society. If a literary guest rises to propose ft tonst, he says what ho has to say without art, without prepara tion ; he stammers, ho boggles, he hesitates; somotimes he refuses absolutely to spenk. Mr. Besant and his colleagues were once anxious that a certain well known writer should preside at a certain gathering. They represented to him that itwas his proper place; that heonght to bo in that chair ; that ho should claim tho prece dence he had won. Ho refused, nnd said tlmt lie could not speak. lie camo to tho mooting, hut he sat down below with the rank aud file. As for tire exceptions, it is observed that Lord Lytton is a statesman, and therefore accustomed to speaking; Mr. James Bryce is also a states man; Professor Jebb is, or was, the Publio Orator of Cambridge, and therefore always speaking; Mr. Edmund Yates is well known ns ono of tho best after dinner speakers that wo have ; Mr. Herman Merivnlo is an eloquent speaker ; Mr. George Augustus Snln is full of wit ami anecdote ; and Professor Michael Foster speaks genially and cordially. Tliero arc, of course, says Mr. Besnnt, many others, but tho broad fact remains — the English author cannot sneak, simply because bo will not talco tho trouble to study tho art ot elocution and to practise a little. 