Coyt's Girl. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] I. BY DAVID G. FALK. Author of 'Bush and Camp,' &c.;, &c.; Her home was away in the north of Queensland, far removed from the beaten tracks of civilisation. In the far-back days of her childhood the wonderful Palmer diggings had attracted her father, and he had sold out his little belongings in Brisbane and journeyed to that impermanent El Dorado with wife and child. He had delved and laboured there during the first three halcyon years of its existence, and had only left it when the twenty thousand diggers collected there had dwindled down to a few hundred. For its days of prosperity were but brief; perhaps the richest of all Australian alluvial goldfields, it was one of the most quickly worked out. .John Coyt knew during those; three years of boisterous experience at the Palmer diggings what it was to be making his *fc*9o and JJBO a day, and what it was to work for weeks like a galley slave without seeing a sign of the 'colour.' Finally he had left the field in disgust, not a whit better off than when he had first sighted it. But he was not to throw off its influence even then, for by some illogical chance he never reached the coast town towards whioh he headed, but made a permanent halt half way, and Bottled down in the bend of a watercourse which afterwards gained the name of Coyt's Creek. There he built a slab hut, prepared himself for the reception of suoh travellers as might pass between Cooktown and the diggings, and invested the little money he had in a few head of cattle. The country wae then entirely unoccupied, and he ' took up' a large tract at the nominal rent required by the Government, and' so, half ac cattleman, half as innkeeper, managed to support himself and his family. Two or three years of hard struggling found him in a more prosperous condition. His cattle increased wonderfully—not in the most legitimate way, it was whispered—aud the land he had taken up for grazing gradually came to have a market value. The Palmer and the more recent gold fields of Maytown and Byerstown. were good and handy markets for stock, where he oould almost command his own prices, cattle being scarce in the district. Gradually he added to his slab hut until it was of considerable siae, and little by little other signs of improvement in the way of fencing and clearing began to show themselves. And here it was that' Coyt's girl'—as she was called from the Endeavour River to the Palmer— grew up from childhood to maturity. No life oould have been lonelier than hers, no experience more restricted, no existence wilder or freer. She grew up a child of the bush, a daughter of the tropics. As the hot sun day by day tinged her cheeks, so did the majesty of the primeval woods imbue her mind. She was ardent as the one, wild and untrained as the other. For eighteen years the uneventful course of her life ran on undisturbed; during eighteen years ' her intense nature and her girl's heart slept. The awakening came one day with the advent of two strangers, who took up their abode for a time under her father's roof. Their arrival was ex pected, for during one of bis trips to Cooktown for stores her father nod entered into an arrangement to provide them with house-room as long as it suited them to demand ii On his return he had told his wife and daughter of the impending visit, and had informed them that the expected guests were naturalists in search of speoimens of the tropic life that abounded in the bush. They arrived one day towards the close of a warm spring afternoon. John Coyt, hard-featured and lean, stood at the door of hie house of enter tainment, and stepped out to offer them welcome. It wae quite a small calvacade that wound up the low rise that led to the house. Three horsemen rode in single file, each one leading a pack-horse by the bridle, while by the side of one of them trotted a magnificent cattle-dog of that hairy breed known as' Smithfield.' As the little cavalcade drew up, one of the riders slipped agilely to the ground aad said 'Here we are at last, uncle, and thank heaven for it, for I'm thundering tired.' ' And I'm not sorry,' answered his companion, a much older man, dismounting more leisurely, 'Fifty miles in the saddle at a stretch on a warm day is no trifle.' Coyt, after greeting his two guests, nodded to their companion. ' Hallo! Jimmy Dines; is that you ?' he said. ' I thought you'd gone down South.' ' Not me,' answered the other. 'I'm living in Cooktown now. These gentlemen wanted some one to show 'em the track out here and look after the horses on the road, so I came along. I'll be off baok again to-morrow.' ' All right,' said Coyt. 'If you'll lend a hand to unpack the swags you might drive the horses round to the yard and give 'em a feed.' The little bustle attendant on the new comers' arrival was soon over, and the younger of the two, leaving his uncle to unpack their various belong* ings, strolled out to view their surroundings, the dog following him. The house was built on a knoll that rose treeless from the surrounding forest. The hillock, too, had been covered with timber, but this had all been cut down —the stumps showing the labour that had been expended in claarin'. On three sides stretched tracts of forest country, but eloping away in front of the house was an open mimosa plain, its dumps of bushes and long grass looking refreshingly green. In the distance oould be seen the heads of a range of hills topping the timber; the sun just going down behind them flushed them with a rosy colour. • Not over muoh in the way of scenery,' solilo quised the young man. ' But it might be worse.' He was still gazing when a sharp bark from his dog disturbed him. 'What's up, Tartar ?' he said. 'Is there any one coming?' ( The dog barked again and made a short dash towards the bush to the right, but came back to his master at once in response to his whistle. ' Tartar's right,' said the latter to himself. 'There's something moving in those bushes. Cows—and calves—and—yes, by all that's poetio ! a nymph of the woods.' He gazed with a newly awakened curiosity. Three milch cows followed by their calves wound slowly out from tho bushes, lowing dismally at the prospect of tho night's separation from their offspring. Behind them walked a girl, strolling along in a leisurely way, holding in her hand a large branch of mimosa in flower. For the moment, as she emerged from the bushes, she made a wonderfully pretty pioture. The slanting sun shone full on her, and lent her something of its own glory. She was hatless, and her hair caught a glint of colour that transformed it into an aureola. Her light figure gained a certain etherealness in the rosy glow, and her movements, aided by distance, appeared marvellously graceful and harmonious. As the young man gaxed, quite absorbed in the sight, her voice calling to her charges floated musically to his ears. Then all at once she com menced singing, evidently unconscious of being observed. She sang with all the strength and sweetness of youth the refrain of some bush song unfamiliar to tbe listener,- but sounding to him strangely musical. And so she strolled along behind the lowing catties waving her mimosa bough to hasten on the refractory calves, singing her wild bush song loudly and sweetly. But all at onoe she ceased abruptly. Her keen sighted bush eyee had caught a glimpse of the stranger, half concealed, as he was. behind a veranda poet. At that moment, too, the dog, in spired by the sight of the frisking calves, made a spirited dash at them downhill, causing them to scatter in all directions. The young man, quitting his post of vantage, whistled loudly to the dog, aud then ran quickly down the slope to help the girl collect her disorganised charges together again. He was quite breathless when he reached her side. 'I'm so sorry,' he .said eagerly. 'That stupid dog of mine has frightened the calves, I fear. They seem to have disappeared among the bushes.' She looked at him for a moment with frank scrutiny; then she said with a drawl: ' The poddies are all right. They know my voice and will oome back.' Then raising her voice, she called out, 'Prinny, Daisy, Dolly, coo-oop! Coo-oop! 000-oop!' Ii was such a musical call that he gased at her inVdmiratlon, which grew all the greater when, a moment afterwards, the bushes around them rustled and the calves came straggling baok one by one. ' They must be very load of you ?' he said. ' They know me,' she answered, always with a soft drawl. ' I've looked after them ever since they were born.' As he walked by her side he gased at her with a good deal of interest. She was a slightly formed -girl, rather under the medium height. Her com- Elexion was dear but dark, her eyes remarkably right and deep, and her abundant dark-brown hair, waving freely down her bock, lent a certain wild grace to her appearance. Her dress was of some gray material cut rather short round the skirt, and entirely innocent of those modern femi nine appendages which serve to accentuate the figure. Loosely knotted round her neck she wore a crimson scarf, the ends floating freely over her shoulders. Ac he gased at her with a boyish appreciation of the unconventional grace of her appearance he was conscious of a qniet scrutiny on her part. She said nothing, however, until they were nearing the house; then she observed: ' I suppose you're one of the two visitors father told us of?' ' Yes. And you are ?' ' Bde Coyt.' ' Ah! daughter of our esteemed host,' he re sponded airily. ' I thought as much. I hope we shan't inconvenience you.' Bhe stole a look at him out of her dark eyes, and answered,' You pay father, so I don't see where that comes in.' He laughed lightly at her outspokenness, and said,' No, perhaps not.' The girl remained silent for a moment, and then asked abruptly: 'Are you thinking of staying long ?' ' That depends. My unole is the boss—isn't that what you call it ? —of this expedition, and he makes all the arrangements. I'm only out with him on a kind of pleasure trip. He's a naturalist, you know, and has a commission from a society at home to form a collection of tropical birds and plants. I suppose he'll stop here as long as he oan find any thing worth preserving.' ' There are plenty of beautiful birds in the bush,' she made reply, 'but it would be a shame to shoot them.' ' Surely not when science demands it ?' he re torted in that light way that seemed habitual to him. 'I don't know anything about that; I think it's cruel,' she answered, and then after a pause said abruptly, 'What's your uncle's name, and— yours ?' 'My uncle? He's weighted with the terrible oognomen of Fraser Dane. Also carries the addi tional burthen of F.R.B. and F.L.S. after his name. I am plain Harry Dane, very muoh at your service.' His trifling manner did not seem to please her altogether, for she walked on a few paces more quiokly, and tossed baok her dark hair somewhat impatiently. ' I'm going to pen the oalves up in the milking yard,' she said curtly. ' Tea'U be ready soon.' 'I'm glad to hear it, Miss Coyt,' he said. ' I'm famishing.' ' My name is Ede.' ' A charming name, too. Am Ito have the pleasure of calling yon by it ?' *We don't know anything about Mr, or Miss here,' she answered impatiently. ' I'm Ede Coyt.' 'And I—Harry Dane,' he retorted. •Well, good-bye—Ede—until we meet again,' He stood watching her with an amused smile as she drove the calves with a musical' Coo- oop Coo-oop 1' to the yard. 'Tartar, my boy,' he murmured to his dog, ' we've unearthed a bush beauty. Unconven tional but charming, and one with a temper of her own, or I'm no judge of a woman.' On the veranda stood his uncle. He had wit nessed the little episode of the rencontre, and a frown was on his faoe as his nephew sauntered slowly towards him. ' A pretty girl on the place,' he muttered,' and that scamp Harry about. I thought at any rate we should have no nonsense here. I must warn, him not to get into mischief.' 11. A week of warm and brilliant weather passed quiokly by. It was the early spring season, when Nature in that tropical clime offers of her most bounteous gifts. The fierce heat of summer was to oome, the rainy season that follows it hod not yet sod* dened tho ground and overflowed the water courses. It was that temperate time of the year when Nature in Northern Queensland seems ti be holding her fore js in check in preparation for her summer onslaught. A few light showers had fallen, giving a new freshness to the grass and herbage; the sun shone out each day bright aud ardent, but not overpowering. At Coyt's Greek the days passed with pleasant monotony for the visitors. The naturalist was out early and late with gun and speoi men-case. His first day's ramble had shown him that he had an almost unexplored field before him; the open forest country was alive with bird life, and the mimosa plains and the banks of tbe neighbouring water courses were never-failing hunting grounds for all kinds of rare tropical plants. The man was an enthusiast, and under such favourable auspices his enthusiasm knew no limits. He never wearied of his occupation, and each day saw his collection grow larger and larger. His evenings were given over to preserving the birds he and his nephew shot during the day, and by the end of the first week he had already a formidable collection of skins. At first Harry Dane entered with equal enthu siasm into the quest, and gun in hand accom panied his uncle with praiseworthy persistence. But he soon grew tired of popping interminably at the gaily plnmaged birds, and learned in the end to cordially detest the screech of the lory, the macaw, the paroquet, and the cockatoo. In his hours of idleness his natural proclivities prompted him to seek tho society of ' Coyt's girl.' The place was intoleiably lonely; Coyt— a silent morose man—was for the most part away all day looking after his cattle; his wife was nothing more than a mere cooking and cleaning automaton. Once the young man had accompanied his host on his daily round, but he had found him taciturn and depressed, and the long ride .through the solitary monotonous bush had stifled any desire for a repetition. One thing had impressed him. Before starting out Coyt had given him a rifle, and young Dane noticed that his host carried one himself. ' What's that for?' he asked. ' Blacks. I don't think there are any about now. They've been driven further back. But it's always better to be prepared. They're as treacherous as the devil, and used to be very bad about here not so long so.' This had promised a spice of adventure, but they had returned without meeting any blacks or coming across any tracks of them, and Harry voted the whole proceeding a bore. Thrown thus on his own resources, be made unmistakable advances in the direction 'Coyt's girl.' It is doubtful if his interest would have been sufficiently aroused even for that had it not been for a dis covery that made some impression on his mind. He found her one day seated under a banana palm near the house, deep in the perusal of a book. Her face was bent over the volume, her brows knitted as though in deep thought. 'Hallo!' he exolaimed airily. 'Reading? Let me see what it is you are studying so deeply ? A love tale, I suppose ?' He drew the book away from her with a laugh as she rose somewhat angrily to her feet. 'What's this?' he cried. 'Carlylel "Sartor Reesrtus!" Philosophy in the bush. Oh, anomaly! thy name is—woman.' He looked at her curiously enough. What could such a girl find in Carlyle to interest her ? 'It was given me,' she said. ' Some men from the South passed here looking tor new country, and they gave it me and some other books when they came back.] But I can't understand it; though it's very beautiful. I've read it four times.' ' The deuce you have. I couldn't get through it even once, though I tried.' 'It'sbeautiful writing,' she said. ' I know that, though I can't understand it quite.' In some measure this had piqued his interest. An ignorant bush girl who oould read and find interest in Carlyle was surely a character worth studying, and dismissing from his mind the thought that she possessed other attractions that might make the pursuit pleasant, he set himself to win her favour. At the outset he found this difficult, for Ede Coyt was both modest and independent. At first she avoided him as muoh as she oould; indeed it snemed as though his airy manner and light talk displeased her. But she was after all nothing but an untrained country girl, and he a man who had travelled muoh and gained experience of the world, and it was not very long before he suc ceeded in breaking down her barrier of reserve. Then gradually a dangerous intimacy grew up between these young people that each day de veloped more and more. But it was only by degrees that the complex character of the girl unfolded itself before him, or that he found out all that her unconventional training had taught her. One day he persuaded her to accompany him on one of the shooting expeditions. They had rambled together along the bank of the oreek, he firing his gun now and again in a half-hearted way, and were resting under a clump of wilga, when suddenly the girl put her finger to her lip, and quietly drew the fowling-piece towards her. ' I hear ducks,' she whispered. They must be down there in that waterhole. I thought there was. See that hawk up there watching them.' He had heard nothing, and waited with an amused smile to see what she would do. Trailing the fowling-piece after her, she crawled on hands and knees to a little bushy rise overlooking the river. Then all at once a sharp quack Bounded from the water, a sudden flapping of wings fol. lowed, and a blaok duck shot up and whizzed rapidly past. A second later the report of the gun rang out. The flying bird stopped suddenly, turned over in mid-air, and came toppling to earth. ' Bravo ! Bravo!' he cried, But she did not hear him, for she had run off after the prize. A few minutes later she returned with the dead bird in her hand, and quietly handed him back his gun, ' A splendid shot, Ede,' he exclaimed enthu siastically. ' Wherever did you learn to shoot like that?' ' Oh; it's nothing,' she answered. ' I've always been used to shooting. We had to, you know. The blacks were bad here a year or two ago.' ' But surely you never had anything to do with them?' 'Yes, I had. They used to come up to the house. One day father was away, and there was nobody but mother and me in. I had to take care of the place ; mother was too frightened. I kept them off all day. I shot six of them, Then when night came on they went away. They nover move about at night-time, being frightened of spirits.' ' And you mean to say you actually shot six blaokfellowa?' he asked in amazement. ' Yes,' The thought of this quiet fragile-looking girl committing such wholesale slaughter appeared to young Dane so exquisitely anomalous that he broke into a loud laugh. It evidently displeased her, for with ' It's time to go home' she picked up the gun and marched off, leaving him to follow. That same evening tho girl appeared to him in a new light. Up till then he had passed the evenings with his uncle, helping him to skin the birds shot and prepare thorn for stuffing. He had used the scalpel, tho powdered chalk, and the arsenical soap with oxemplary persovorance, but this evening tho naturalist was bußy w.th his collection of plants, and Harry sauntered off, pipe in mouth, in Bearoh of more congenial companion ship. MINIATURES OF QUEENSLAND—From the Aktibt's NomaeeK. MANDOLINATA.—From thi Paintwo by Ej»WAM> Patby, Exhibits* at the Royal Academy. He found his host with his wife and daughter seated on a little side veranda evidently built on to the house for their especial use. It was a beautiful moonlight night, calm and stilLand refreshingly cool after the heat of the day. There was not a cloud in the sky; the myriad stars beamed down with a radiance the moon's glamour could not hide. The outline of the house, the veranda posts, and the trees all around were pencilled with a delicate tracery exquisitely beautiful; a moving fretwork of light ond shadow made mosaic-like patterns on the ground. Trained up the veranda posts and along the wall plates a huge paaßion-flower creeper with blue flowers formed a leafy screen; the moist worm night air full of unshed dew distilled its perfume and filled the veranda with an almost overpowering Bweet uess. Rough as the place was in reality, the moon light invested it with a quiet beauty that extended even to the three occupants sitting in roughly made but comfortable bush chairs. So much so indeed that young Dane paused, pipe in hand, and said: 'I hope I'm not disturbing you ?' *If you think to jine us, you're welcome.' The speaker was Coyt's wife, grizzled-looking and prematurely old, as most elderly married women are in the bush, and with a querulous voice, as though she was in a permanent state of exhaustion from overwork. Coyt himself offered no word of welcome. It had more than once struck the young man that his host entertained no friendly feeling towards him. ' Thanks,' he said with his accustomed cheeri ness. •You kin sit here,' said Mrs. Coyt. 'Ede's going to give us a song.' ' No; not to-night,' said the girl. ' Why not ?' argned her mother with all a weak woman's dislike to opposition. 'You aren't always so backward. Whenever your mother wants you to do a thing you've always something agen it.' ' I don't want to sing to-night,' responded Ede. 'Perhaps I am the objection,' interposed Harry with all his usual good temper. 'I dare say I'm disturbing you, so I'll be off and emoke my pipe by myself.' He did not speak thus without a motive. He knew that according to their system of bush ethics any imputation on their sociability would assuredly be scouted. He was not wrong in his surmise, for his words seemed to arouse the elder woman to a greater degree of querulousness than usual. 'Do you near that, Ede?' she said sharply. ' This young man thinks as you're objecting to him. Strangers are welcome among us, and we do what we can for them. Now then, you Ede, give us that song at once.' The same impulse may have moved the daughter as it did the mother, for. without further hesitation she commenced to sing. Her voice would have sounded musical under any circumstances; then it was harmouy itself to the young man's ears. How often in the after years did the memory of that son? and that night haunt him. The soft moonlight—the perfume laden air—the sweet voice of the girl as she sat half in the shadow trilling the melody of her quaint bush song—the recollection of it all never faded from his mind, nor the remembrance of his stern-featured host sitting full in the moonlight, his face grim and his brows bent. Then how it came about he hardl. knew —he dared hardly think—but when some time afterwards Coyt silently rose from bis seat and walked towards the horseyard, and when his wife later on shuffled into the house with a querulous complaint about some baking to be looked after, the young man found himself sitting by the girl's Bide with her hand in his. The spell of the night was on them both. The subtle fragrance of flowers made them weak, the glamour on all things moved them to gentle feel ings, the knowledge that they were alone come as a dangerous temptation to him, if not to her. ' I must thank you for that song,' he had said, and laughingly raised her hand to his lips. Half angrily, half in surprise, she had struggled with him; but he had conquered. She disdained to cry out, and he was strong. Then emboldened by success, and carried away by a sudden passionate ardour, he drew her to him and kissed her on the lips. With that kiss tingling through her—the first she had known save from father and mother —all opposition fled, and she lay panting but passive in his arm?/ Again he kissed her on lips and cheek. 'Ede,' he whispered passionately, 'my wild bush bird, I love you.' 111. For a few days the two lived in a world of dreams—he, thoughtless and moved only by the Session of the moment; she, with the depths of er woman's nature stirred for the first time. The tumult of th's first awakening of her young love gave the untutored bush girl no time for thought; wild and untrained as the forests amid which she dwelt, she had nothing within herself to protect her against the burst of passionate feeling that swept over her. The slumbering fires of her youth flamed up; the latent passion in her, fostered by tropic sunß and ardent days, suddenly burst forth with an overwhelming rush. And so the days passed for them—each one a dream of passionate romance. They were often alone together for hours at a time, for she had un conditional liberty. Each day they wandered together through the bush, he with his gun under bis arm as a pretext, she scorning all subterfuge. They would ramble together for miles through the lightly timbered country, the girl an unerring guide, an adept in all matters of bushmanship. But, despite himself, during those few short lived days of ecstasy other thoughts would come into the mind of Harry Dane. He knew he was doing wrong; he knew he was acting baßely. For what could he. the son of Sir Harry Dane of Dain tree, the hope of a distinguished house, hope to gain from tho love of such a girl ? What could she ever be to him—he to her ? It was all folly; he knew it from the first. But even then, most men indulged in folly at some time of their life, and why not he ? He was not inherently bad, he was only utterly thoughtless and selfish, and, it must be said too, he was wholly incapable of com prehending such a nature as Ede Coyt's —so quiet and self-contained and yet so full of latent fire and passion. It was only when some idea of the girfs intensity slowly dawned on him that hiß better nature became aroused and misgivings as to the rectitude of his conduct troubled him. But even then he was too thought less, too easily satisfied with himself, to give up the girls companionship, and he stifled his compunc tions with the thought that after all there would be little real harm in a passing flirtation, and that when he had gone he and his love would be quickly forgotten. The first breath of trouble came from Mrs. Coyt, who one afternoon took her rugged face and querulous voice to the front room, where the elder Dane was bußy with his plants. He had just come in radiant with triumph, and the old woman found him bonding down absorbed over some new acquisition. Hearing a step he thought it was his nephew, and cried out excitedly without looking up: ' Come here, Harry, and look at this. I'm in luok this afternoon. I've fonnd one of the rarest of Australian ferns, a Grammitidea Muelleri. It's hardly known here at all. The only specimen yet found was sent to my friend, Dr. Hooker, of the Royal Society, by Baron yon Mueller, the Government botanist in Melbourne, and created quite a sensation. I never heard of another being discovered. Look at the pinnn covered with dense white scabs. It's a true specimen of Why, Mrs. Coyt, I thought it was my nephew,' he said as holding up the fern for inspection he saw who his visitor was. ' I don't bold muoh by plants and suchlike when there's more serious things to see after,' she answered in her complaining way. ' There's that nephew of yours wants looking after more nor ferns.' •Why, what do yon mean?' he asked quickly, almost with a foreboding of what was to come. 'My man's a hard one when he's roused,' she answered in tones of weary complaint, ' and I've seen the look in his faoe of late Idon't like. You'd best pack up your swags and go, I'm thinking, the both of you? 'I don't understand you,' he answered im patiently. ' Please, say plainly what you mean,' 'We didn't count on no such thing when we allowed you to come here,' she continued with querulous obstinacy, smoothing her dingy apron down over and over again. ' But anyway there's been enough of it, and whon I see Coyt look so bitter I think you'd beet go, the both of you.' 'Why don't you tell me straight out what you mean ?' he said, his face colouring. ' Are you re ferring to my nophew ?' ' And her. That's just it.' 'Your daughter ?' She nodded, her face looking more careworn than ever, her roughened hands still occupied in smoothing down her apron. The man's brow darkened. When he spoke again it was with quiet firmness. 'I think you are mistaken, Mrs. Coyt My nephew is a gentleman. Anyway, I think you are right in one thine. We had perhaps better go. You can leave the matter in my hands, and you need fear no more annoyance. Pleaee tell your husband so from me.' It almost seemed as though his decisive manner aroused some gleam of admiration in Coyt's wife for there was a little less querulousness in he voice as she said : ' Mind you, I'm not finding fault. Only I know that look on my man's face, and I don't want see mischief done.' Left to himself the naturalist walked angrily up and down the room. 'I might have known it,'he muttered. 'The fool's always getting himself into trouble. It was wrong of me to let him out of my sight so muoh, but this is such a wonderful place'—he broke off to emit a deep sigh—' and now 1 shall have to leave before I have half explored it. What fools young men are, to be sure. And that girl! Why couldn't her parents look after her, I wonder? Ignorant bush savages! They let her do as she likes, and then cry out. I hope he hasn't gone too far, the wretch. If I thought he had, l rd never forgive him; for she's innocent enough, I'll swear, and as ignorant as a girl can be. But no. It can't be as bad as that' In a state of mingled anxiety and anger he put on his hat and went outside. There was nobody about, and he walked moodily along the track, his mind occupied with the unpleasant train of thoughts conjured up by bis nephew's misconduct. He had not gone far, when the sound of voices broke on his ears. He recognised Harry's at onoe, and he also thought he caught the echo of a woman's tones in answer. ' All's fair in love and war,' he muttered. ' 111 play the spy on Master Harry, and see what he's up to.' He stepped into the middle of a thiok clomp of mimosa, and thus hidden from view waited the approach of his unsuspecting nephew and his companion. It was in reality young Dane and Ede Coyt They were strolling hand in hand along the narrow track, Harry's big hairy Smithfield at his heels, and disturbed and anxious as he was Fraser Dane could not quite shut his eyes to the pretty picture they made —his nephew tall and r.aad some, the girl by his side darkly picturesque, the vernal green arching them in above and behind. As they approached he heard his nephew's voice raised in poetic apostrophe. ' Ede,' he heard the young man say in his usual extravagant way, 'you are a nymph of the woods—a bush fairy—a faun—a sylph. I love you. lam enslaved by your charms. You have bewitched me.' ' You always talk like that,' the girl answered, half pleased, half resentful. ' And why shouldn't I?' he returned airily. 'Is it not true? Come, let me prove it' He disengaged his hand, and slipping his arm round her waist, drew her to him and kissed her twice. But at that interesting moment a diversion wae caused by the dog, who, scenting out the in terloper behind the mimoaa bush, set np a loud bark in cheerful recognition. • There's some one there, or I'm a Dutchman,' cried his master hastily. 'By Jove! it's my re spected uncle,'he muttered as that gentleman stepped out with a somewhat disconcerted air. ' I wonder if he saw anything ?' ' What's the meaning of this, Harry?' said the latter, hiding his vexation under an assumption of anger. ' I'm ashamed of you.' ' I was almost going to say that of you,' said the young man sarcastically. -1 What do you mean ? I happened to be search ing among those bushes, and I saw—but we've had enough of this nonsense. Come indoors; I want to speak to you.' * When I've seen Miss Coyt as far as the house I will,' he answered serenely. ' Yon go too far,' said the elder man in exaspera tion. 'Your thoughtlessness has brought us into nioe trouble. We leave this place to-morrow all through yon.' The girl had walked on, her faoe burning. But her quick ears caught his words, and she turned with a look almost of terror in her eyes. ' What!' she oried. ' Going away ?' ' Yes,' answered the naturalist shortly, 'to pre vent further mischief.' The colour died from her cheeks, and she stood in the middle of the path for a moment, pale and trembling. Then, with one imploring look at the young man, she turned away, and to the ears of both men was borne the Bound of a low sob. ' You frightened her, uncle,' said Harry re proachfully. ' Never mind about her. I want to know what's between you two.' ' Love!' answered the young man serenely. ' You'll drive mo mad, Harry, with your non sense. What love con there be between an ignorant country girl like that and you ? But you've gone far enough. The parents have noticed your con duct, and we must leave. That man Coyt is a thoroughly dangerous character; I feel sure of it. But knowing you as I do, Harry, I feel sure you have not done the girl any actual harm.' ' Uncle I do you think I'm an out-and-out black guard?' ' No, my boy. However thoughtless you are I know yon are above that,' be answered, much re lieved. ' Anyhow, it's gone far enough, and we must go.' ' What! Fly in fear because of an innocent flirtation? Never.' ' I tell you we must go—and without delay. If you stop it shall be by yourself, and you must take the consequences.' Walking up to the house he reasoned with the young man, showing him the folly and wickedness of his conduct. He was deceiving the girl, gaining her affection when he knew too well it would lead to nothing, acting in a way little befitting a man of honour. The naturalist became quite eloquent over the heinousness of his nephew's conduct, and in the end succeeded in making him thoroughly ashamed of himself. 'Ah, well; I suppose it's best to clear out, sighed Harry. ' But I really am in love with her —deeply in love, and it's a hard wrench. Poor little Ede! I wonder what she'll think of it ?' Poor Ede indeed I The mote he thought of her the less he liked the idea of so summarily giving her up. And she —she would feel it deeply, he knew. Should he tell her, or should he just go off quietly without trying to see her again ? No; not that under any circumstances. He would at all events try and retreat in as manly a way as possible. He would go to her and explain it to her—how foolish it all wae—how, though he loved her and she loved him, his life must always lie far apart from hers. And then he would make her a present, something she would remember him by, something that to her would appear magnificent and might go far to console her. Yes; that was the only straightforward way out of it; he must try to reason with her. But he was spared the necessity of looking for her, for as he stood that evening smoking his pipe very unhappily on the veranda' he felt a light touch on his arm. ' Ede,'he said. 'You!' ' Yes,' she answered in a whisper. ' I want to speak to you. Father's in the house. Come out side.' She glided off into the bush, a gray-looking figure in the twilight; and he followed. When they were out of earshot, hidden behind a dump of mimosa, she stopped and laid her hand on bis arm. ' You are going away to-morrow ?' ' Yes. You heard my uncle.' ' And not—ooming back ?' He looked in her faoe and started. She had been crying, and there was so muoh suffering ex pressed in her large dark eyes that he would say nothing. ' Oh, you must not go—you must not go, she cried out all at once. He oould say nothing; but he gathered her to him and kissed her passionately. She lay in bis arms sobbing for a moment, and then said again: ' You must not go.' 'My darling,' he answered tenderly, 'listen to me. I love you truly, Ede. But I must go. I can't stop any longer.' ' Let me go with you, then,' she sobbed. ' How can that be, little one? Do you think I'll let any barm come to you ? It breaks my heart to part with you, but it must be.' Bhe said no more, but lay passive in his arms. He tried to soothe her, telling her of the duties that-called him away—of the home he most return to, of the father and mother waiting for him. Bbc made no further remonstrance, and when he asked her if she forgave him answered quietly, ' Yes.' •Then let us say good-bye here,' he said, more reassured. ' I shall see yon to-morrow, but then it will be too late. Kiss me, Ede, and tell me you forgive me onoe again. What is it they call you, my little bush maid? " Coyt's girl." Well, I shall never forget " Coyt's girl"—never— and I hope you will think of me sometimes.' For a brief space they remained locked in silent embrace, and then they parted; she returning sorrowfully to the house, he following her slight figure through the twilight with aching eyes. 'Poor little Ede 1' he murmured softly. 'My innocent bush love. Poor little Ede!' IT. The next day saw the departure of uncle aad nephew from Coyt's Creek on the return journey to Cooktown. The bushman they had hired to look after the horses when starting from Cook* town had returned; they had themselves now to perform all the necessary camp duties of their hundred-mile pilgrimage. They had made an early start, and during the whole of the first day rode patiently on along the track, each man leading a pack-horse heavily laden. They had made forty good miles, for the horses were fresh after their spell, when towards sundown Fraser Dane pointed to a reedy water hole and cried a halt. ' Here's a first-rate place to camp in,' he said, ' and I'm thoroughly tired.' They selected a spot away from the track, where a clump of bushy bull-oak offered good shelter, and after hobbling out the horses pitched their tent under one of the trees. They were yet busily employed when the sound of hoof-beats caused both to start up suddenly. Then a cry of amaze ment broke from Harry Dane and a loud exclama tion of anger from his unole, for riding along the track was Ede Coyt, a rolled-up swag in front of her. 80 thunderstruck were both men that she had ridden up and slipped to the ground before either of them appeared to realise her presence. Fraser Dane was the first to break the silence. He turned on his nephew savagely and ex claimed : ' What's the meaning of this?' ' I don't know, sir; I swear.' 'You have persuaded the girl to follow us, you —you villain. •No; by heaven! I swear not,' he answered, aghast. 'I know nothing about it. I give you my solemn word of honour.' Coyt's girl had quietly joined them whilst they were talking. Her faoe was pale but set with a look of determination; she was dressed as for a long journey. • It wasn't him,' she said slowly. •YYoyou—you—shameless creature,' gasped the naturalist. 'What have you come for? Why are you here ?' ' I couldn't stop,' she answered in the same quiet way. ' I wanted to come with him.' ' Do you know what you are doing?' he asked bitterly. A faint tinge of colour swept over her dark cheeks, only to leave them paler than before. ' Yes —I know.' The naturalist groaned. • I couldn't stop when he told me last night you were going away. I've followed on your tracks all day.' •Oh, Ede! Ede!' said the young man reproach fully. 'Whathave you done?' She turned on him with a look full of piteous love. ' I followed you.' All at once the naturalist started up and Beised his bridle. ' We must go back at once. • I shall never go back again,' she said firmly. ' You shall, you—you . Come, Harry. The horses. Quiok.' . ( 'We can never do forty mileß to-night, ne answered despondently. 'Wo must wait till to morrow.' 'To-morrow will be too late. Her father will think we have enticed her away. We must start at onoe.' • I will not go,' cried the girl. The young man drew his uncle to one side. ' It's a physical impossibility to get back to Coyt's Creek to-night,' he said. ' I swear by all I hold most sacred I had no idea of tbiß. But she will have to stop here to-night. She can have the tent, and We will camp out under the trees, and tO-morroW let me talk to her. It will oome all right. Remember, We are not in England now, but the far Queensland bush. That poor girl may think it no great harm td do as she has done. I am partly to blame. Let me Bet it to rights.' Fraser Dane groaded, but offered ho further opposition. • See to what your heartless conduct has brough us,' he said, full of a vague fear. ' Boy 1 boy ! you may have to pay a heavy penalty for this. ' Never fear, uncle. Neither you nor I hod any hand in it, and we have nothing to fear. We will take her back safe and sound to-morrow.' They gave her the tent, and spread their blankets under cover of the thickest of the bull-oaks. Harry Dane never forgot that night; the resolu tions it gave birth to influenced the rest of his life. Restless and uneasy, he rose once from his blankets and looked around. The tent gleamed white and ghost-like near by, no token of the presence of living being came from it. The moon was Bailing overhead, a faint silver crescent in a clouded sea of blue. The bush was inexpressibly quiet and sad; nothing broke the stillness save the sharp quack of a blaok duck feeding among the rushes of the waterhole. Alarmed at some Sassing shadow it flew away, and then an utter cad silence reigned around. Not a tree rustled, not an insect chirruped; the very frogs in the waterhole suspended their croaking as though yet fearing an enemy. Filled with a strange uneasiness and foreboding, the yonng man stretched himself again in his blankets. The morning broke beautiful and warm. The sun had tarely risen before all three were up and busied themselves with the morning's prepara tions. When Harry returned from hiß search after tho horses, driving them before him to the camp, he found Ede silently occupied with pre parations for breakfast, hiß uncle moodily taking down the tent. Little speech passed between them as they ate their breakfast, and in a quarter of an hour they had made everything ready for a start. Then the young man called the girl aside, and set himself to reason with he*?—to per suade her to return. He told her all he had told her before—that he had done her wrong, but that they could be nothing to one another. He spoke to her more plainly than he hod yet done, and gradually his earnestness seemed to impress her. Her hopes were shattered one by one; her dreams rudely dispelled. Her untrained mind had perhaps been filled with the thought of the nobility of self-sacrifice to her lover; her warm fanoy had perchance pictured some glorious ending to her self-abandonment And now she knew it was futile. Onoe only she allowed a word of reproach to pass her lips, and then she said passionately: ' And you said you loved me?' •And so I do, Ede,' ho answered eagerly. ' And if I were free But no. You will soon forget me, and be glad I was wiser than you.' 'Forget you!' ' Yes; you will. You are so young you hardly know what life offers yet. Believe me, it is best for us both. We will go back and explain every thing to your father and mother.' ' Yes,' she said hopelessly, ' take me back.' •That'B right, my brave girl,' he said joyfully. ' Everything will be right again now. And you forgive me, Ede ? Say you forgive me ?' 'Yes,' she answered wearily. 'I—forgive— you.' They were the last words she spoke. As he stood by her side, bending in his earnestness towards her, a crashing of the bushes near by broke suddenly on their ears. They started asunder, and, as by one impulse, both uttered a cry of fear. Not twenty yards from them was John Coyt on horseback, a fowling- piece in his hand, his stern face distorted with a look of terrible passion. He gave them no time for speech—for explana tion. He saw them together, and drew his own conclusions. With a terrible oath of rage and. hate he levelled his piece full at the young man's breast and fired. A scream mingled with the report. Quick as thought, Coyt's girl had thrown herself before her lover. She received the full charge of shot in her breast. ' Ede! O God! Ede I' shrieked Harry Dane. She never replied. As she sank into hiß arms her glasing eyes sought his. They wore a look of mingled reproach and love he never forgot, and then the light in them was quenched for ever. 