HTPNOTISM. (¡St. James's Gazette.) I wish I had never seen him. I wish I didn't always want to know the reason why. I wish I wasn't perpetually troubled hy an impertinent curiosity. Why- couldn't I have been content with what I had got in the " Encyclopaedia " and " Inquire Within Upon Everything P" Why should I be always posing as an intelligent inquirer P It has cost me exactly too thousand pounds, I am his only nephew, and I corre- sponded with Uncle Boulthy ever since he emigrated as a steerage passenger seventeen years ago. Ton see Uncle Boulthy had been very kind to me as a I [ boy. He used to take me out fishing with I him and give me shillings; that is the J kind of uncle a boy likes. And when J Uncle Boulthy was shipped off to Ameri- J ca with a single £5 note in his -pocket to ? take his chance, I believe I was the only T person who was genuinely sorry for him. And Uncle Boulthy was quite aware of the fact. The reason of Uncle Boulthy's expatriation was, as grandfather put it, that he didn't know how to say "No." Un ¿le B. was nobody's enemy but his own-that is to say, he got drunk; when- ever he had the ¡chance. r For ten years Uncle Boulthy worked as a common navvy. lu America, you I know, you have to work or starve ; there are no societies in> America, as there are in England, for making the life of the working-man beautiful ; it is simply that -work or starve. - Then Uncle Boulthy, after tea years, liad a slice of luck ; he bought a share in a mining, claim, and in five years he made £10,000,. ,Theu he came home, and iuformed me that 1 was to be his heir. He had been at home a year; he had had one attack of delirium tremens that' brought him to death's door ; then, by my advice, he allowed himself to be incarcer- ated ilnder the Habitual ^Drunkards Act. He was discharged as incurable after six months ; he began his old tricks again, and I had reason to believe he would not last much longer. So I went down to Plymouth to look after my Uncle Boulthy. I was sitting in a first-class carriage in the Great Western' express with au un- communicative person in a tweed- suit. His luggage was ou the rack; it con- sisted of a Gladstone bag; there was a label on the Gladstone bag, J «food up to read it under the pretence of opening the ventilator. I read the name of Pro- fessor Tadger. I was rather pleased than otherwise. What «lot of information I might be able to extract from the Pro- fessor if I only went the right way to work. Iremarkefl^thatit'wasVnne day. Professor Tadgër iionded. I B^id that there was very tittle in tiie paper.J Again I the Professor nodded. I tried to get into conversation with ; him by the usual devices. I could get nothing out of him tiaV nods. <-('Wont's the- use ox -being a frofessor if you don't lirofoss ? Perhaps, thpnght. after all the fellow is jost a common conjurer, pr a corn-cn^ter, or a hairdresser. They often call themselves professors. For a whoïe hour the Pro- fessor had been -reading silently m black book in ¿German. AU I could make out was that the author'« name-was ¡ Moll ; if I had only known German I could iiave found out what* the book was ; about. Suddenly a Tory extrAordinarr thing happened. Professor Tadgér began to stare st me in an excessively rude manner, I turned my eyes away., When I looked again in his direction be was still «taring -staringin a way that made my flesh 'creep. Was he mad?' He frightened me. ( , i " Don't look at me like that, .sir," I cried.f *' Aren*! you well f* »noV I was about ¿o seize the handle 'by which you communicate with the guard. k ¡ " Don't alarm yourself," said Professor Tadger very suavely ; " I only granted to see if yon wera susceptible to the influence. I fancied that yon would make a good subject ; so you would, if you didn't resist." Then he explained to me&hat; he took a great interest in what he called hypnotics. "Ah," 1 said laughingly, " you've got a Bhow ; if it's at Plymouth FU patronise you. I'm going to 'Ply- mouth/* "So am I," said Professor Tadger; "(hut I haven't got a show. I take an interest in the thing simply as an observer. I am a biologist." " Do you mean to seriously say that it isn't bosh P" I asked. Professor Tadger only glared at me. " Sleep," he said, very blandly. » ; That's all I remember till I found my- self rubbing my eyes, and seated on the luggage-rack in front of Professor Tadger, for alf the world as if I had' been, a per- forming monkey. "Why don't you come downPw .said Professor Tadger. "Do yon believe in hypnotism now P" ' t Jt was a very curious thing. I remem- bered perfectly well our conversation up to the point when tim Professor had said " Sleep/' but I remembered nothing more. I felt very indignant indeed, and i came down from the luggage rack*,¿hen I felt for my watch and I felt for my purse. They were all right. " Ton have played me a very unjustifiable trick upon me," I said. " Not at all," said the professor',* » not at all; it was np trick, it was an' experi- ment. I am Bucceäsf ul with about 80 per cent of ordinary subjects." It is not nice to be called an ordinary subject. Then he began to talk about hypnotism. I didn't believe half what he said at first. ' "Ton shonld get over 'that feeling," said the Professor, ," Hypnotism is a ~ . ,....,. ,.l . Mill I ' I I .lill very interesting subject, as you , would acknowledge if you had seen some of our experiments at Oxford. If you had a logical mind, you would see that you didn't get up in the luggage rack, asfyou did just now, of your own free will. That ought,to be sufficient to convince yon that hypnotism is not nonsense. Were I so inclined," he added, with a little laugh, " I could relegate you -to the luggage rack till wo reached Plymouth n There was no 'withstanding that argu- ment,; I caved Id at once. " Tou see there is nothing wicked or dncanpy or dial) dical about hypnotism," naioiProfessor Tadger; "you shoull dis- abuse your" mind of any iilly idea of that .sort. It is a subject we know very little about; but we should approach it serious- ly, beoadse, you know, it is A thing that , will, sooner or later, be probably intro- duced into ordinary medical practice. I am not a doctor ; but I have hypnotised a great number of people, and I have ofteu boen able to relieve pain. Til give you instances. A person comes to me suffer- ing from neuralgia. 1 hypnotise him. '"There is no mistake whatever about the neuralgia; it has perhaps lasted several days; the face JIB swollen. lean remove a headache in the same way." " ' ¡ "I don't like the things' I said.1 "There is a good deal foo much hanky panky for me.J Besides, I have seen lots of the so-called experimente, and it always appeared.^) me that the poor devils who acted as subjects were simply accomplices who received payment to make themselves ridiculons." fThat may or may not be the case," said Professor Tadger* " I look upon it «Sia very sad thing that people should be hypnotised for ¿he amusement of their ; fellow-men ; bnt there is certainly some good to be got out of hypnotism, and the study of the subject,'1>hè ultimate benefit of 'the human race being the object in " view, can b\b no harm. There is nothing ' like t a Crucial test," said the Professor. " ]^?LaM *!Piu £oîn£ *° Plymouth. I am ; stopping at the Royal. Hero is my cara?' He gave me a card on which was. inscribed. PROMBBOR TADOER, ~--- Collège, Oxford. " Now, I'll tell you what I will do for Îou. If you^wiiyicesjînt yourself at my otel with three "ordinary individuals between the ages ¡of ole von and Sfive- and foAy^-old -people -and young children are bail subjects, that is why I make the suggestion *? to age-I'will «how you a ypry extraordinary experiment.L !- Tou shall bring with you a new pack of cards in »«»wrapper, i shall hynotiseoue of the j subjects. Ton shall select a card yourself whoso face I «hall not see. Ï will place I the card in the hMd of the subject, hack | towards bim ; I will tell him that it is a photograph of, say, the' Prince of Wales, j He will ¿hey piy; ' suggestion,' «which 11 make in a sufficiently authoritative man- , ¿er, and he willagree that it is a photo graph of the Prince of Wales ; and to him please to understand, it has ceased to be a playing card, and, after my " mandatory act,' to him it is. a photograph of the Prince tof Wales, andnothing else. I will direct bim to throw it npon the table. Tou shall üing down the rest'' of the pack, back tfpwards upon it ; ana, weil mixing the cards, yon will watch ne both as narrowly as you like. I will then simply say to the subject ' Which of these photographs' is that of the Piace of Wales P" He will unhesitatiugly select the'card originally handed to him." " Professor Tadger," .said 1, " if you wjll do that! will believe all you say nay, more, I will give you a testimonial." "It is very good of you," said the Professor ; " but I am not in need of a testimonial." "Can you tell me," I said, a little severely, " of any permanent benefit to anybody which has ever been produced by hypnotism P" ""Oh, certainly," said tho Professor, affably ; " there are itnmersible recorded cases. I ani not a doctor, as I have told told you, bat 1 have cured three habitual drunkards." "The cures took Borne time, I should think?" J remarked, derisively. "One sitting, was enough," replied the Professor, with a smile. "If you do the card trick," said L "yon shall try your hand on Uncle Boulthy." The Professor expressed his readiness to undertake what he called "the ex- periment with the playing cards," and suddenly took an immense interest in Uncle Boulthy. Wo reached Plymouth. Ï went to see Uncle Boulthy. My uncle's,doctor told me he didn't think he would pull through. The same evening I called upon the Pro- fessor with three " subjects, chosen hap- hazard. The Professor's triumph was complete. The experiment with the play- ing-cards came off at the first time. I took the Professor straight over to Uncle Bonlthy's place. Uncle Boulthy was very bad indeed he didn't oven recognise me; he called me < Julius Ose mr. And when I introduced] the Professor my poor uncle said, "Oh, Professor Pepper, of course. I hope he hasn't brought iiis ghost," ' \ .-,- Professor Tadger .stared a£,him rather j -sternly. « Sleep!" he said in a fifhV-voice, "Sleep!" There, were no passes-no hanky panky of any kiqd. Uncle Boulthy's head dropped back, and he went off as'sound as a house in an instant. "Open yonr eyes and listen to me," said the Professor, in au awful tone. . Uncle Boulthy opened his eyes, and the Professor shook his forefinger at him. "When you wake," continued Professor Tadger, "you will hate all kinds of wines, spirits, or fermented drinks ; the smallest quantity will make you -horribly sick. Tod will turn teetotaller ! Wake !" added the Professor-" wake !" Uncle Boulthy did wake AS though from a refreshing sleep. " I wish you good evening," said the Professor. " I hope you'll get better." Then he marched out of the room and I haven't seem his face since. Uncle B'mltby did get hotter-he got well ; be. turned teetotaller ; be ate his Christmas dinner with us. There was just a little brandy in the pudding, which we had forgotten- It made Uncle Boultby horribly ill. Uncle Boultby is going to be married to-morrow, lam going to the wedding. J. feel as if I were going to my own funeral. If it hadn't been for my cursed curiosity about hypnotism, I should have been the better by £10,000. As for Professor Tadger-bother Pro- fessor Tadger ! 