LONDON, Jan. 8. (AiUIitltmal In Preelotu Tclegramt). At tho lusligation of Mr. John Burns three thousand dockora at Dundee havo struck work fn sympathy with flic railway men on strike ou Hid Scotch lines. All classes of trades nud mimufnclurcrs In Scotland arc suffering severely from' want of coal, and many largo companies have slopped their ? works, thousands of hands being thereby UIIUWJl Ullb UL UJUlJlOyillUllt. The directors of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, Limited, have declared u dividend at tho rate of 10 per -- cent, per illinium, nud have carried forward * £12.000 to tho reserve fund. ' Tho National Bank of New Zealand has declared' a dividend at tho rate of 5 percent., being the m me ns that of last year. Ills reported .that Mr. W. O'Brien, has agreed lo use his influence to duiiosc Mr. M'Carthy from tho leadership of the secedcr*' party, and to secure the election of either himsolf or Mr. J. Dillon ns loader of the whole party, Mr. Pnrncll retiring from active Kervico In the party until the general elec tions. Edward O'llricu and Morbiloy, two of the men convicted in connection with the Phuiiiix Park murders, havo been released. January II, Professor Virchonc, of Berlin, Htat&s; that ..m jiuo ui-uniicu upon 2i consumptive patients by inoculation, anil njiont mortem, upon cases that have died shows that thu lymph generates a new affection. ? The men still employed upon the Scotch railways find that they are overworked through the shortness of hands, and aro seceding and joining tho strikers. The Dundee Dockers' Union nre striving to assist tho railway employes. The loss lo Uio London nnd North -British Hallway Company through ' ' tho strike already nmcunls to £30,000. The directors ' ' of the raihrny companies affected' by tiio strikes huvu rejected all offers for mediation. Small-pox is raging in the Hcpubllc of Gtmteinnhi, in Central America, ain't ft is staled that 20,000 deaths have Occurred ulrcady. ?'-..,.. .. The New Zealand Loim hud 'Horcimtlla '''- Agency Compaiiy.hns declared a dividend of 10 per cent, for the pnst year. ' Mr. O'Brien deiifes that Mr. Parnell has igreed to retire provided ho (Mr. O'Brien) iccoptcd tho leadership. ' iho United States troops are closing round the Sioux camp at Pine llidgc, and a' crisis is imminent, ' ' January 10. Mr. John Dillon is displeased with the result of the conference at Boulogne between' Mr.. Paniull and the other 'members of tlio ? rlsh party, and intends 'to' leayo for Now York ou Saturday, to confer with American supporters of the Irish National League! The cxoeutlvo ot the Irish National League in Great Britain aro dismissing all Parnclllto ollicinls in the cninlnv nf tlm i,,n,,,,.- Tho 300 clerks in the Post Office Savings Bank, who wcro dismissed for refusing to work overtime, have apologised, and havo been reinstated. The Welsh coal miners nt Morthyr Tydvil now on strike nro hopeful that .the colliery owners will aculc to their demands. The executive of the Miner*' Federation have decided that the Welsh minors nre justified In their action. ? The movement to bring about tho federa tion of. labour in Great Britain and the colonies hns been tnke'n'up by tho Seamen1* nnd Firemen's Unions, who lmvo resolved to urge Mr. Fitzgerald, the New South Wni-,H labour delegate, to arrange for nu'Auslnilliin federation of the various tratlcininloiis in thu colonies. The Indians in Canadian territory oro be fining excited over the. ruiiiouw/[lm|.-« 'Messiah' i, to nrlso nnd drive nut. Iho ivlute men nml restore the country to tho red mon. Thoy tiro now nrmlng and dancing ' Tho Ghost Danco.' Tho differences between Client Britain and tlio United States In regard to tho Behrlng's Htmitfl nan! IIhIici'Ich arc now likely to lio settled amicably. Mr. Blnine, tho United Stntos Secretary o£ Stato, has appointed a commission to enquire into nnd report upon tho wholo question. There liavo been 41! days o£ unbroken frost in England, tho weather being the Rovorest experienced during tho present century. Tha cold in intense on the Continent, especially in Southorn Europe, where several persons have been frozen to death Severe snowstorms linve rngcrt on Hie Con tlnpnt oE Europo dining tho past few dnys. In Austrin the trnfllc on the railways him boon completely deranged through tho lines becoming blocked with mow. The shipping Industry is ontirely suspended in Holland and Belgium, the port of Antwerp being closed on account of the Ice. Twenty-seven , degrees of frost lmve been registered in London. January 11. It is anticipated tliat Kcvcre fighting will shortly take place between tho IiullniiH and tho United States troops.' The Nebraska troops arc hemming in the Indians in the Grout American Desert, and closing in upon them, the cordon being gradually diminished. Tho nppeala made by tho Indians to bo allowed to lay down nrms and surrender nro being unheeded, as their sincerity is doubted. The Indians are nearly starving, and will fight dcspcrntely. It is reported Unit Sir. W. O'Urfcu lins joined the Parnollitcs. Mr. J. Dillon declares that if tho struggle for llio leadership is1 renewed thu National cause will be lost. Mr. l'arncll states that ho is determined to light for tho leadership of the party, nnil he ex presses his satisfaction at the result of the, conference with Mr. O'Brien In Vmuce. War clouds aro ngain lowering on , the horizon o£ Eastern Huropb. The Russian Government, aro supplying the Servian Government with groat quantities of ? pontoons for the purpose of enabling them to throw (10,000 men on tho Hungarian side of , tho Danube in two bourn. The announce V. incut of this net has caused much disquietude in Austrin nnd Bulgaria. Tho Admiralty arc increasing the personnel of tho British navy by 0000 men. 