A Ghost at the Window. It would seem (says " Eng land and the Union ") that Galway is not going to be behindhand in the matter of belief in the supernatural, judging from the state of excite ment created a few nights ago by the rumour that a ghost had made its appearance at one of the windows of a house in Abbeygate-street, directly op posite the- sacristy of the Pro- cathedral of St. Nicholas. This house it must be mentioned was lately occupied by a woman who died after a verv short ilness. Since her death it became tenanted by another person, but from some cause or other the last men tioned left, and the place remained unoccupied till last week. Then it was taken by another woman. On the night it was occupied some children were passing to attend devotions at the chapel, when they say they observed a sort of unusual light in the house, and a woman standing near the open window who, in a sepulchal voice, said, " Offer one prayer for me." Some of the .phildren fainted on the spot, and. this caused others going to their devotions to inquire into the cause. : The tale of the spectre at the window spread like wildfire, and in a quarter of an hour no less than 2000 persons had con gregated outside the haunted house. The streets on each side became blocked. The crushing in jostling to get a glimpse of the "visitor from the other world " was such as has never been equalled in Galway. Several persons were thrown down and trampled upon, and it was with the greatest difficulty a strong force of police, after about three hours' incessant labour, suc ceeded in clearing the streets sufficiently to allow pedestrians and cars to pass. The tram- cars were even compelled to stand still in the streets. The following nights the same state of things have prevailed but up to the present the real cause of the rumour has not been explained. Several versions of what the objects really was that created such a sensation are given but the adult portion of the community say that fifty years ago there was also " something seen " in the house, it having been the scene of a most brutal murder, — namely, tbe assassination of a woman named Maxwell by her husband. From the descrip tion now given of the late apparition by the children, who say they saw it, the older people say that it is the one and the same ghost, which has to put up alternate half- cen turies in this world and the other. The police are stationed near the place, where four streets meet, and it is as much as they can do to keep the curious from congregating. It is most surprising that amongst this class are to be found some of the most respectable and, it might be expected, enlightened people in the town, both male and female. The strangest thing of all is that, notwith standing the thousands that congregate nightly, not one — even the police — have the courage to try to unravel the mystery. 