THKGSOSTS Mfe BESANT HAS SEEN. In njs "weekly 'letter Blr \V alter IJesiiiit Has tho following: — A very good ghost story— one of a churoliyard ancl a phahtpin funeral— lias heoii printed in, the - 'Liverpool, Post,' and copied . in the 'Pall MalL Gazette,' whero I sriWit. My personal experience pf; spooks is riot much, but it is, perhaps, more than falls to tlie lot of most. The first _3t1ig«h$nT I? e«:w .ieWs was.' about six o'qlook,-.on an evoning in September.: I , had been writing up to the last moment of daylight; it became too davk for mu to seo any longer,' arid I knockod off 'turned frbiri tho, Wiiidow I hocamo aware that a female .figure wari in the. room; it mado no sign, hot' it moved about noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. I was thou living as a bachelor iri chambers, and my outer door was closed, so that nobody could bo in tho rp'om'o'xcept liiyself." Another experience, and a far mpro .singular pile, was. this. I was travelling iii Northumberland. Tho day I had spent iji driving oyer a wild arid lonely moor to a villngo situated in the midst of it — a village built, round the quadranglo of 'what had boon a monas tery. j Thero was the old gato left ; part of the buildings ; part of the. wall ; the quiet villago en closed by the old-' wall '; tho convent chapel, now tho parish church ; thero were only two or threo hundred people., living here ; outside rnri and babbled the treut stream with its high-banks covored with bushes, brambles and wild flowers. All round stretohed the moor. At tho inn, wlioro .1 took some tea or something, they talked to mo ; about tho past, the place was iillod with echoos! of the past ; whispers and voices were heard ;at night ; things have been seen in tho bodroems. A wonderful place ; nowhere olse in England, is there a more wonderful place. I drove back and spent tho ovening alone in my inn, rending certain books of Queen Anno timo, and at eleven o'clock went off to bed. . My room wns a very old room, and tho inn itself wnB at least throe hundred years o)d. All this is intro duction in order to show you why the thing that I saw) took the shape that it did. . For in tho middlq of the night I woke suddenly and sat up stnrtled. I found the room perfectly light; tho door, whioh I had locked, flow open, and thero walked in threo ladies, drossed in Queen Anne costutrio, with the pretty old stiff cardboard ornaments of the head and everything. Never before!, had I understood how beautiful was tho Queen Aririe dress. Tho liidies sitting do wn oti ehairs round the fire (whioh was now burning merrily) began to talk, but I know not what they said. SttdaenlyrTTii.'8BamM,:-me':,to.edi)iip' thing— I was aoized with a horrid terror. I Iejiped from my bed, pulled back the curtains, and puljcR up the blind. It was about three in the morning aud twilight. Then i turned to my visitors; they slowly faded ayray: 'i'ho light slowly burnt low ; the figures slowly becamo faint; they slowly vanished. . Who wore thoy 1 Well. You see that I have seen things. But I have heard noth ing. No communication lias over been made to mo from the other world at all, except by the epiiit.Katio, and alio only talked rubbish through a medium, and I had to pay a pound for it. 