NINA THE NIHILIST. A ROMANCE OF THE RUSSIA OF TO-DAY. By JAMES S. BORLASE. Author of 'JtathJftirioeBSMid PoliceSpy ??Through a' Thousand Perils,0 'Queen of tbe Harem,' 'Tbe Rose of Rochdale,* &C.; CHAPTEB LVI. IttWA MAKBI A PRSPERATH RESOLVE AND riNDB AN ALLY. The trampling of hoiks' hoofs, the rat^ liog of arms and armor, and tbe wild, barbbric strains of tbe regimental band, which was composed almost entirely of long, keyless trumpets, timbrels, cym bals/and kettle-drums, bad rendered it very ' improbable that tbe mysterious stranger's intelligence and warning bad been beard by others. Yet he had gone away eo suddenly that the PrincesR feared that a police apy 'might have been prying about and alarmed bim; so, seieinp Jenny Douglas by the arm, f*he hurried lier along in so opposite direction and they reached their lodgings by a considerable detour. Tbe rest of the day passed unevent fully enough, but when evening, or rather night, came round, and with it supper time, Vina made a request of Tyriha while she was laying the table to be permitted ati interview with her hus- 1 band. 1 Five minutes later Vanko Podatch-| kine stood before her, on this occasion | more like a man and less like a clumsy lay figure, because be was clad in bis or- | diuaiy working clothes — a pink striped 6hirt worn outside tbe trousers and belted round the waist, and a pair of huge, tar-smeared boots that reached high above tbe knees. His sbeepskin frock, worn that day for the first time that season, he had taken off on coming indoors; but he carried bis great fur cap in bis hands, perhaps because ho never ! felt comfortable with them empty, and this be kept twisting round and round i with bis fingers as he stood before tbe 1 two girls erect as a dart, waiting for one or the other to speak. 1 Well, Vanko, have you discovered anything about my father or husband ?' * Nothing bot that they aren't confined in the fortress of Peter and Paul. I ooly visit one prison a day, so that it may be a week or more before I'm able to tell you much. 4 1 have this morning obtained inform ation through a quicker source. A.I the same time it may uoi be reliable, and 60 1 want your opinion upon it. 1 have beeh told that my father and my bus band, and this poor girl's father as well, are confined in theoublitesof the Fortress of S'hlusselberg. Do you think it can be so ?' ' 1 could answer that question better, Kaliuka Krvloff, if 1 kuew who was yonr informant. If a police rat, he was most probably trying to pnt yon on a wrong scent.' I can tell yoa very little about him, for be did not favor U6 with bis name, and he was masked. He knew all about us, though we knew nothing concerning him ; ay, even to everything we bad done yesterday and today. For tbe rest be was very tall, and from the loose way that his cloak hong around him, X should say very thin, whilst his eyes were like glass beads, but sharp as those of a rat.' * 1 recognise him from your description —he is a great man, a wonderful man. You may depend upon all he says being true. Why, he is tbe very heart and soul of our great movement, and so true is be that & dew with his own hand two beloved sons, because be obtained proof that they intended to turn traitors and betrav os/ 4 Killed his own sons ? Oh, the wild | beast 1' exclaimed Nina. | 4 You must not judge the man too harshly, Kalinka Kryloff, because he had the strength given him to perform a painful duty. The next night he risked his own life thrice in rescuing little children from the top story of a burning house. The man is a lover of virtue and a hater of vice. His heart will melt and tears ran down his cheeks at the narration of misfortunes that may have happeued to the innocent and the pure, whilst he would delight to torture and destroy the most lovely woman in the world if she bad proved vicious and wicket. There is a woman who was at one time a French actress, but who has now married some great man or other with the intention of betraying him. whom he is following up with the most inveterate hatred. He declares that no woman oonld have bo white and beauti ful a skin unless the devil had given it to her as a means of tempting men to destruction , and he has sworn that he will burn it hideous with vitriol, or cot it to ribbons with a knout ao&ked; in brine. I pity the poor wretch when be gets hold of her, no matter how vile she may be, for Tschekio never broke his word yet, and never will. Yes, Tschekin is the name of the man who spoke to you in the street' Neither the Princess nor Jenny DongJaa had pud much attention to the preceding speech, for their thoughts were too busy about other matters ; and neither had an idea that the woman whose approaching torture and destruc tion had been foretold was she who had bMn the ruin of their parents, and had cmmS them both 6o scurvily. Suddenly, looking up with flashing eyes and compressed lips, the Princess Nina said * You must obtain me an interview with my father and my husband, Vanko. I know that you can do it if yon will, and I am ready to make it well worth your while.' An expression of dismay crossed Podatchkine's countenance on hearing it.!. onnAnh and t-TlkfuvJ hl's RlllV.Ir as though he had received a blow. \- Why, Kalinka Kryloff, you are mad,' said be at length, with a kind of gasp. ' If you were discovered, and dis covered you would be, they would knout you, notwithstanding your fine shape and your beauty — fcnout yon while stripped to the waist, until you stood in a pool of yonr own blood ; and as for me, it they only found out that it was I who brought you there, they would knout and batogg me as well, and per haps even pnt a charge of gunpowder in my mouth, set a match to it, and blow my head off ! You need not smile, 1 assure you that eucb things hare keen done/ ? Ages ago, good Vanko. 1 credit all -fhat you say ahont tbe knout, and per haps 4be batogg as well, bat they don't blow peopled head off nowadays in the way that you mention. I am not a hit frightened, and I say again that inside the fortress of Schluseelberg through your assistance I mean to get. Why, wfU it not be easy enough to disguise oe as « man, and let me take the place of some of your master's employ, who pretends to fall sick, but who really1 want a holiday 1 My height is five feet ten, 1 look almost as much like a youth as a girl, and could soon make up my figure to resemble a man's— nothing easier.* ' And so could I, for yon don't go alone dear.' interposed Jenny .Douglas. 1 Oh, hut I mnsu Your .presence would increase my danger tenfold. It is easy to chauge a handsome girl into a youth, but so to transform a pretty one ( is impossible. My strongly marked features will lend themselves to the occasion, but you would be detected as a girl no matter how you were dis guised.' ' It's very hard that I raay'nt sec my father as well as you, ' No doubt it is, dear, but Hill it cannot be. You would Dover pass through the ordeal. 1 have taken male parts in amateur theatricals ; 1 can make my voice as gruff as an old raven's ; 1 can smoke, spit, swear, and talk the lowest Russian slaug, and 1 flatter myself that 1 cau carry the oat sacks without brcakiug dowu und--r them as loug as they choose to keep me at it. Now you could do nouo of these things, so you'd be sure to get dis covered.' 1 And you'll be sure to bring your back and shoulders under the lash, without doing any good to either your own or my dear ones/ sobbed Jenoy. * 1 have an impression to the contrary. I feel a conviction tbat I ought to go, and tnat sometmng gooa win come oi iny going. Vanko Podatchkiue, 1 will give you a hundred roubles if you will help mo in this scheme, and that is more than yon earn in a couple of years by your daily labor. Fear not, I have the money, and it shall be paid. ' Before setting out cn the expedition, Kalinka KrylofT; for, remember, you may never return. If tbey were to lash a girl of your high rank, for I suppose tbat you are a Priucess still, they'd never let you come out to tell the tale. 11 they didn't finish you off with the knout, they'd send you to Siberia/ 1 You shall be paid before we start. Then you will really take me, Vanko.' * 1 would like still to refuse, but I see that you are determined, and the price is tempting.' 4 Then listen. You will have to pro cure me a false beard and whiskers, Vanko/ ' 1 n order that tbey may be plucked off and the cheat discovered in an iu etaut ? They pull the beards of all strangers who enter the Government prisons to discover whether tbey are real. No, the only way in which you cau dis guise your face is to stain it a swarthy gipsy hue with the juice of the betel nut Your hair you'll have to crop short and dye jet black, and your eyebrows and lashes as well. You can wear gold wires iu your ears, for gipsy youths often uo, and blue eyes are often ueen with dark hair in Russia. Your bands must of course be stained dark, as well : as your face And throat, and you must try to make them harder and coarser be fore Saturday comes round, which is our day for Schlusselberg/ 4 Saturday 7 Why, this is only Wed nesday. Oan't you get there at an earlier date V ' Ob, dear, no ; we have our set days for each prison. I wish it was further , off, for -my part, sow that tteB-drspcrete- - adventure is in the wind. However, Vanko Podatchkiue will be as good as I bis word. And when next you see him I he will bring the materials for your transmogrification. Hullo, I'm blessed if the other young woman hasn't fainted !' CHAPTER LV1I. Whilst Nina and Jenny were think ing about those whom they loved, all the thoughts of the Princess Leonie were bent on self. The morning on which her step daughter and her humble friend en tered their names as students at the Nevski Hospital and the School of Medicine, she changed her bedroom to one that lay inside three ante-chambers, so that four locked, boiled, and chained doors, as well as her huge protector Paul, might intervene between her and danger. In addition to these precautions she had iron gratings fixed in the chimneys, so that no assassin could come down, and she was having stout iron bars fastened outside all .the windows when General Bourko, the Police Minister, called on her, and at once put a stop to tbe pro ceedings. ' You little fool,' said he, when he found himself shut up with ber alone. 1 Uo you want to create a panic in tbe city ? Do you wish to show the Nihilists their strength and the Russian aristoc racy their weakness, that you are going to advertise it in this fashion ? It is an insult to tbe respectable classes of the city, and it i6 an insult to the soldiery and the police, for it ex presses more than a doubt of their power to protect you, and direst in sult of all is to me, who am tbe 6upreme guardian of piece and order in St. Petersburg. What do you mean by it, madam ?' ' That I'm fond of my life, and that I have foes as remorseless as fate, and as cruel as the grave, who have vowed to depieve me of it. Since I saw you last, only yesterday morning in fact, I have had vitriol thrown at me in the public market place, and bad not the arm of the cowardly assassin been beaten down by a brave young man whom I have 6ince taken into nty service, instead of tbe pretty face tbat now confronts you there would have been something too hideous took to upon — an eyeless, nose less, lipless horror. 1 could cry out with terror at the thought of what I have es- f caped/ I 1 But how do you know that it was . vitriol which was thrown at you/ Because it hissed as it came in con tact with my jacket, and burnt the fur j off in great patches, eating holes through j the skin as well. A drop of the corro- i sive fluid fell on my face and left a scar, ? as you may see, which I shall carry to my grase. Happily, it is no larger ' than a pin's head.' The Police Minister looked troubled. ( Who did this thing ?' he asked. 4 Why, the brute Tschekin, the wild beast whom you believe to be dead.' j 4 Tschekin ? Impossible V and tbe &?neral got op and paced tbe room ex- ' oltedly, 1 ' I tell you that it was Tschekin. Do you think I could be mistaken again, or do you fancy tbat there are two such ngly monsters in existence ? Besides, he boasted aloud that he was Tschekin. and vowed that he woold have my life yet/ ' And why did not your precious pre server arrest the impudent soonndrel ?' ( He tribd to do it bnt the monster blew a whistle, and I and my .preserver were immediately swept away by a surge -it the crowd. But thejuoyement was not an accident, for it '''was'- made in order to rescue Tschekin, who, when it had subsided, was nowhere to bu seen/ Ha/ ihore ' is core in this than I imagined !' exclaimed tbe ? Police Minister. , * Sfechekdn jivfce^aJafi^I have been deceived by- those whom \I trusted most. I shall bavejtO' set the knout to work when I get ,home„ .Meanwhile, let me see this preserver of yours whom you bare itaken-into ytrarempl&y;,' »?' *?' Leonie touched a silver gong .ttipt stood on the table, and so suddenly1 as; to appear magioal — Paul the chasseur appeared before the Police^ fiinister, gorgeouB in his new uniform and fairly, bristling with different weapons. * Hullo, whose torn fool are you ? demanded the General unceremoniously. * X am no torn fool, but a willing slave of the kindest and best of mistresses,' answered the transformed 1 peasant, bowing low to Leonie as he concluded. The Police Minister looked at Jiim scarchingly and fixedly. When tie observed tbe glance of deep re verence which he bent on Leonie be burst into a paroxysm of laughter, and exclaimed ; * Yes, yon are a fool undoubtedly, and; I foretell that three months hence you will be either a suicide or a madman. But that is no business of mine. What I order you at present to do is to give me a full account of what passed yester day in some public market or other/ 'Have I your Highness's permission?' asked Paul, looking at Leonie. ' My full permission. Tell all and hide nothing/ she responded at once. ' Look you here, my fine fellow,' broke out the General, who had con ccived an invincible dislike during tbe few seconds towards tbe tall and hand some chasseur, ' when henceforth I coq desoend to require information of you, you will be good enough to give lit iii6' without waiting for your mistress's sanction. The is only one man and' one woman in Russia who dare refuse to speak when I command, and tbey are their sacred Majesties tbe Emperor and Empress. PerhapB you don't know who 1 am, rascal 1 I am General Bourko, the Police Minister.' 1 And I am a dog who owns but one master, even she who feeds .me and whose collar and chain I wear. A good dog is silent even uuder tbe lash/ ' Paul, you have nty commauds to auswer his excellcucy the Minister of Police evety question that he may think fit to put to you, either now or at any future time,' said Leonie earnestly, who ,feaied that she might be deprived of ber handsome aud devoted bodyguard. 1 ' Your Highness's commands are my | laws, unless they are given under fear or compulsion/ ' Indeed they are not. This genlle uiau is my best and truest frieud/ * Then I bow to him and reverence him, and am bis slave in all thiugs,' said Paul. I What if your mistress had made you a different answer, fellow V demanded j the Police Minister, Jcnitting his brows and looking exceedingly ferocious. I I can scarcely telL Excellency, and , it is hardly worth while to think.' j * Suppose that I had scolded or even | struck your mistress jn. your jneeence ?' ' * Your Excellency,' my arms are strong and your body is light. The glass In yonder window, too, is brittle, aud it is a great height above tbe ground.' ' You rascal, do you mean to say yon would hurl me out of a window at your mistress' bidding ? Me, General Bourke, Minister of Police ?' 1 1 would not wait tor ber bidding, Excellcncy, if I saw you strike her/ * Come, you are original and I like yon,' said the General, bursting into a laugh. 4 1 was only joking, and I es teem it a real treat to meet a bold, fear less, and honest man. But, as your mistress said just now, I am a friend of hers, and I only want to know every thing that occurcd in the market-place tbat in her excitement and terror she may have failed to notice and remember, in order that I may procure the arrest aud punishment of her cowardly assail ant, the jfschekin/ Paul's tongue was unloosed, and in five minutes be was done with and dis missed. No sooner had he gone than Leonie sought tbe Police Minister not to harbor malice against him ou account of his bluntness and plain speaking. ( My malice is so deep tbat I will leave him unmolested in your employ/ was the sneering answer. ' The fellow is young, handsome, and has strong feelings.' What torture is greater than tbat of a man dying of thirst in the desert, with his eyes fixed on a stream of cool, limpid, murmuring water bigh up some preoipitous mountain 6ide to which be cannot climb 7 Did you not hear me tell him that he would be a maniac or a suicide in three months ? I can read in that man's heart tbat he worships you. Poor fool/ ' bet us return to the subjcct of the windows' said Leonie, hurriedly. ' Then bar and defend those at the rear or sides of the palacc as much as you like, but not those in tbe front, or that can be seen from the street. I will not have it. We aristocrats must not get panicstricken, and a panic soon rises and spreads ; besides, it would reveal to the Nihilists their strength, and it is far betto to affect to despiae them. Now, to broach another subject,: you must begin to bold receptions and 4 at homes.' All St. Petersburg will swarm to your levees/ 4 What, with the knowledge, or, at all events, the suspicion, of what has just befallen my husband V 1 They will be afraid to remain away for fear that they may be thought to sympathise with the fate of a traitor. All the women will hate ajid despise you, but they will come, neFertbeless. Once in yonr salons, the more that they hold aloof from you tbe better, lor it is the men whom yon must pump for the benefit of your humble servant. Es pecially the attaches of foreign em bassies. You understand 71 1 Alas, yes ; and I will do my very best. But shonld my husband get ' pardoned aud return he will never for give my heartlessness. Will be ever return 7' I f Never, exoept &s; a ghost.1 ' Have you sent him tp Siberia, then, or killed him V , ' No ; be is confined in one of tbe lower dungeons of Schlusselberg. When 1 high tides in the Baltic or the blocking I of ice in the Neva imprison the waters I of the Jake they often rise and invade those dungeons, drowning the unhappy ' prisoners. Very high tides are expected ! in a few days/ I The Princess shuddered and exclaimed: ' Good Heavens ; my hus bend may be drowned at the very -instant -I am hold- i ing high revel in this tfis palace.' * What is that either to' you or to me ? Bah ! If yon begin to have heart or feeling I have done with you. Yon ere my puppet, my tool, and ji precious costly one. , Disobey, or even groyrluVe warm in my service, and tewauB.roe lash I' ? ? - ? — c£['a^ter Lvm.-v^ MIMA BEfB OUT ON HEB HA^iap^DS MISSION* ; Those ffg« ja /fttorwftrfaL the loyal and ' Section ate jgirl (vhich pre6e3e4'the' ^Saturday dn whfeli her soul friend and 'beloved companion was to leave ^ier, bound on bfer desperaie expedition to Scblusselbeig. , ^ 4. ,w 1 Again and again ahe pleaded th'at«he might accompany her, but in vara, 'atid at last 'fehe begun to seo plainly ith^' were her petition grafted she would b-e oertain to bring ruin on' the Expedition. When onoe convicted oh' ?pdiht sbe proffered her request no lon^n-Wt she wept mfc&i; in -secret/and Jay' awa^ce' in bed -at night-p-for her anxiety , kept her awake, while the Princess's courage penfiitukl her to sleep soundly. ' Every night after supper was ' oleaVed away, Vanko Podatchkiue appeared for a few' minutes on the soeDe^xnore,-asr-;it seemed, to discover whether the Pvtaoess . had altered her piind, than to brmgeoy fresh intelligence. On such occasions he seldom quitted the room without ask- j ing the Princess'to allow him 'to look at her hands, and he never walked off with- i out regretting audibly that they were j not dirtiefab! grimmler. - ' H ' Tbey shan't look very delicate by the time they are wanted to be red apd { coarse/ Nina answered ; and then | Vanko's voice could generally be heard responding that * he hoped not/ from! half-way down tbe stairs. j Once Jenny Douglas besongbt Tyrthaj to try and persuade the Princess not to go to Schlusselberg, but the honest ouster-woman reauy oeuevea mat puuer her husband's protection she would be quite secure, and replied somewhat indignantly : * Why, what harm can come to her with my Vanko ? She'll be as safe as our dear little Duchess Maria away in England. , Don't you think, my girl, that the man who is able to tackle a hear single-handed fifty miles out on the frozen sea ain't capable of protecting Whoever he's a mind to inside of a Russian prison, where he' as much at , home as I am here 7' . . So her last hope failed, and with its I breakdown Jenny Douglas grew con vinced tbat there was no other way ? of ensQring her friend's safety except by ber prayere, which she resolved . shonld be offered continually on iier be half On the Friday night Vanko Podattih kine brought all the materials and apparel for Nina's disguise, and with him came a man who looked like a barber, and who declared he - would alter ber face in the course of ah hour fio thai 6he would hardle know it herself. Nina smiled, and at onoe pot herself under this operator's bands, who, whipping out a .pair of scissors and , a brush and comb, soon got rid ot JaU her glorious golden tresses that, when un bound, reached almobt to her feet, and which Jenny proceeded to gather up and look away in a drawer as though tAiuy bad been a'saored relic. Then brushing what remained of her j front hair straight down over, her fore-] head, he called for a large sieed pudding basin, and placing it inverted on the topj of her head, be pressed it haiid ,down, i and cleared off the uneven lengths tof her ' hair till none were visible below the -irinij ' , After this he produced 'his dye bpttle, and in ten minutes the Princess' brows, lalsbes, and what still remained pf her beautiful hair wete as black as- the plumage of a raven. ' The two men laughed at the .sight, and Nine smiled, but Jenny could, almost have cried. t * Now for a basin for her to wash her face and hands in/ said the bartor, and on Tyrtha bringing It out of tne bed room he took from one of the -tail pockets of his long loose , gaberdine a ' big bottle, drew the cork with bis teeth, and poured the contents into the basin, : where the liquid resembled beautifully | bright and clear water. 'Now go ibo woifc, but no snap, mind, for soap wonld spoil it «IL: -Come torn down the collar of your dress and pull up your sleeves, and dou-fc anind. us.' : This from the barber, but Jenny said indignantly, ( You won't want to atain' yeur beautiful neck below . the base of the throat, or your lovely arms, more than two or three inches above' tbe wrists. Oh, Ninat it would be £ sm to do it,' and she persisted in superintend-, ing her friend's ablutfons very closely*' ' But when they were completed,, xih, what a change ! The Princess' ? com plexion, a few minutes ago. spi |ajr,( wherever the bright and oolorless.water. had laved her skin, -hid turned -to a clear gipsy brown. . A .richer, riper , seemed to have come into -bfer lips, too ; and the black and browp by which they were surrounded gave qtiite a new ex pression to the eyes. :i L ? Sbe looked n4 ljkf a girl, and Jenny fok'she covld almost' hare tvajlea in love with her as a pafti6olar 'bahd-r some young man. , i ; , ? * Now/ said Podatohkioe, * ebe'lL about do when eha's got ,a 'pjab9s clothes, I on. Yon mudto't mlndu ibe£r bejng coarse and soiled^ J£ay'nfea^ fbr „they woald ^not look patpipl else, j /There's a' pair of ^well^anne^ 'bosta,' and of they are too big you i£ii&t; shove dbtiie rags into the toes. You muBt let Out yonr, waist, and flatten .yonr chest somehow, \ I and something thick 'laid pvarjoor back would be wise, perliaps, for I'll have to1 give you the stick, as well as 'swear at , you, if yon show bp to the test to be either lazy or stupid. It's Vanko i Podatc^kjae'e way, and 'ejrerylxftly knows it, and y-wr own -comipon £erise will fejl you that jf I wefe ; to y ha different from tbp^thef fnfe^ and youths utiQer-me jit* might raise suspicions, , and then'your'back would mud a chance' df catching it without abything pu 1 ' Yes, yes, good friend, do not treat me in any way differ ent from thg rest.', 4 Not I, for my owp Safety's sake], You needn't be afraid of that. Never theless, I don't want to hurt you more ; than possible. ^NotataU^il it can be avoided.' rfbe barber --now took his departure, after being rewacded'vitii a $ye rouble note by Nina, who, when be had gone, said, * Now I will ? settle with you. Vanko/ ' ? Sbe bad 6old some df her jewelry that day, so that she had ample funds in ' hand. j She paid Vanko his hundred roubles, { therefore, and ,garo Ji/m as. a present fifty more in oonsidenatkm of his taking extrauare^of Her, snd sBfe fathermoro pronAsed jf^et . anothSr fifty dream etanoes^rbse enabling herto hold speech withinfer of tbe prisoners. Vanlo^waa delighted, and his wife - likewise, butjsfre then and Jtbere made ( him take^ splemtL yowTbofore the icon i off the (Holy Virgin' ^that he. ? would 'touch *io liquor-etronger— thnn— quasa (until he had ret«3i£l^t%&£j*£podition, further, that be would imbibe only moderately ofthal. * ? ; V. ' r .' -? / , This done, -pheTiext dnaistadj that he shcfuld march off to bed;-atating that she ^intinded to sit up ^aWbilfe-to' help the two giiifl^Uf.-ma, was to wear on the' morrdw, and see that li fitted all; light.1 ? 'That's 'nght, tyife/ . answered : Vanko. ItVter wiistihat bptner^ipej I daref say. you'll be able to 'fill it out 'so a deccnt shape somehow. YouVe got almost good a one as : 'I 'have myself, but1 1 never yet paw a girl aristocrat who , didn't 'look like a wasp oran^pur-glasB. Make her .ab straight up -and -down, too, aa y&u; can about the chest. Thatiks to St. Nicholas, the cold weather is ' on us, and she«an.wear a sheopskia- overfall. Well, -I'll be ready to start ; at five Of clock, So * good-night to you/ ? 1 And so saying, bluntr^pbkcn ;bht 'not bad- hearted Podatcbkine Veut lumbering ^downstairs, and five minutes later he tlas sound asleep on the polatie,; or 'Shelf, fixed atop of tbe .stove in tbe kitchent Hotir after hour was passed in pad ding garments to make Nina's figure jresemblc that of a youth, and at last Tyrtha gave it as her opinion that Bhe 'would' do very, well, and advised her to go to bed as soon as she could and have as long a sleep as possible. So the girls went to bed, and Nina | slept .usual, and Jenny kept awake, crying. it. was five o'clock next morning when \- Nina bade good-bye to Jenny, as she I lay half swooning and sobbing hysteri Icallvonthe bed, her magniticent form concealed by great tbigb-high, well tarred boots, which were met by a greasy, unshapely sheepskin, worn with the skinny side out and the woolly side in, and consequently as hideous and shape less as fen~article of apparel corid be; ~ But had it been taken off, Nina would still have looked like a man in ber pink striped shirt belted outside the troupers, for the inside padding de stroyed all her exquisite contour, and made her look broad and square. 4 Good-bye, darling. Oheer up. I shall soon bo back,' said she, as living kissed Jenny she clapped her greasy and worn fur cap jauntily on one side of her head, and the next instant she was gone. ( To be continued.) 