Ys'.rieiics. j i Ifoiv the 'liner iiiUjt <ind Eat*. Ih -a paper read before the -Bomba.' Natural History Society •recently, ami pub lished in its journal, Mr.-Inveiarity,..a notec. shikari, discussed the habits of tec lifer and especially the mode in which it kills and eats its prey. Some think be. seizes by. the throat others by the nape of the neck from above. Mr. Inveraiity has examiusd scores of Blain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but one the throat v,ras seized from below. The exception was an old boar who had been seized by the back of the neck from above. One of a single file of villagers who was once seized by the nape of the neck by a man eater, but saved by his companions, had no idea when he recovered his tenses what bad happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards always kill bj pressure on the windpipe, without break ing the skin ; possibly the tiger kills in the same way. It is only by accident, if at all, that tigers in killing sever an important vein or artery, and no blood to speak of flows from the throat’wounds. • Very large and powerful animals like the bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, are in the first instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both, ihunet mes he leaves the stomach and intestines as they are : sometimes he will remove them to one side, making a neat parcel of them. A tiger auc a tigress together will fin:slr an' ordinary sized animal at one meal, leaving only lb head. In this ease it is probable that tie second begins at the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but are always dragged a short distance. The.' arc not lifted clear of the ground, but dragged. Having gorged himself,the tiger sometime! lies eiose by his prey, but if it is hot weathei and there are bills in the neighbourhood, bt will go a long distance off before resting foi the day'. He prefers to iie in a coo! cave or j in a breeze on the hill side than in the cloBt j hot jungle. . . .. i ■ He returns next night and finishes what ] is loft, but- he never cats a .second time on j the same spot, dragging the remains of the j prey 40 or 30 yards off. Sportsmen coming j on a half- devoured -animal and desiring tc catch the tiger, tie the piey. to a tree. The j tiger takes about two hours'steady eating ti finish the fore quarters of a bullock. Mr. luvcrarity sat oyer a small tigress cne night who ate for ten minutes, then went away for twenty, probably to driuk, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarts; hours. He did not fire, as he could not see Tigers are cannibals; they will mske then meals oil each other. They are supposed to kill oncein five or six days, and no donbi the tiger after a heavy feed does not care ti hunt much for a few days; but a tiger kills whenever lie can. They have been known to kill on 14 consecutive nights. Inverarity believes that animals killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of 8 few seconds. The shock produces a stupes and dreaminess in which there is no sense oi pain or feeling of terror. The powerfu stroke of the fore paw of the tiger is s fiction ; he clutches with his claw* as on> might with the fingers, but doeB noi strike ; blow. Tigers wander immense distancee at night and, as they like easy going, they go on road; and paths. They do uot like to move diu in<j the- haet of the day, as the hot groum burns their pads and makes them raw. The.' can on occasion climb trees. In Salselte one climbed after a cerfaii Pandoo, bat could not reach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast.clcar, go down and ran toward home, bnt on the wa; was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated that Pandoi died of tue tiger eating him ; there was m other cause of death. Nothing was let except some fingers, which probably be longed to the right or left band.” Native have a belief that the ghosts cf the man eater’s victims ride in his head and wari him of danger, or point the way to fres! victims. 