GHOSTS ON' THE TRACK. \--x--- ' Talking about ghosts on railroad tracks,' said the engineer, as he mopped his brow with a piece of dry waste, ' I believe in them.' Why so ?' ' Well, I killed a man once-that is, my engine killed him-and I can't get rid of him.' ' Haunts you, does he ?' 'Not exactly. But I can't get him out of memory. It happened on the Old Brunswick and Weotern Railroad. I had taken a young man-a tramp-on the engine with me. He was a Northern man who had been South for his health, and had got broke in Florida. He was going home to die, .he said, and asked me to give him a lift, I was sorry for him, and granted his request with pleasure. ` The fellow had consumption, and the jolting of the engine resulted in a hemorrhage. I wasn't noticing the man, when I beard a shriek, and then -out of the cab he tumbled, and then under the engine ! I heard the wheels pass over him and grind his bones to powder ! ' After that, wheneier we would reach that spot, I seemed to hear a shriek, and then the grinding of the wheels on human bones. I could't dispel the illusion to 'save my life. On one occasion the fireman swore that he saw the matt picking up his. bones along the track ; but, of course, there was nothing in that. But for six years afterward, as. long as I remained on the road, I imagined I could hear the shriek, and feel the engine jump when we got to that place. I suppose it was all imaginati-'n, but I could't help it, all the same.'-Atalanta Constitution. The cat has nine lives, which shows that Nature had a pretty fair idea of what the cat would have to go through. Do not be too harsh in your complaininge of the cigarette smoker. Bear with him for a while. He cannot possibly live long. The virtuous follow the Biblical injunction to hold m sha ichis good; but there are more who. hold good that which ifasst . Accepting the philosopher's theory that money represents trouble, it is surprising to see how many people are willing and anxious to borrow. Maud-No girl could hav4 refused him if he had proposed to her as sweetly as he proposed to me. Mary-But you must remember, dear, that he has had a great deal of experience. In the Stalla,--She-' I don't see why they call this a drop curtain ; it rolls up quite slowly.' ' Well, it is because us fellows can go out and get a drop. I won't be a minute, dear.' ' It is astonishing,' observed an impecunious cleric, rubbing his chin, 'how people will pay for their theatre seats five times a week and come to church on Sunday as deadheads.' The following knotty question claims the atten tion of one of our debating societies :-' If a man had a tiger by the tail, which would be the beat for his personal safety-to hold on or to let go. A man with money hath much power, and to ! when he speaketh the empty handed hangeth his head and listens. Waiter--Very fine chicken that, sir. Guest Yes. I wonder how it escaped being killed for such a long time. The newly made member delighteth in long speeches, but his heart waxeth sore when the papers report him not. When a man in a hurry is trying to write with a fountain pen he realizes how a man must feel who stutters. ' Did she thank you for the seat ?' 'No; but after she had settled in it she smiled sweetly, and begged me not to rise.' My son, if thou desireth to be as wise as a serpentand as harmless as a dove, strive to make friendship with the Fourth Estate. A man without abilities rarely has enemies ; he may excite contempt, but seldom rises to the dignity of being an object of envy or hate. Mrs Strict-I know your mother bro'gbt you up to respect old age. Miss Clipper-Yes, indeed : she didn't even allow us to laugh at an old joke. Mrs Riley-Are yez on callin' terms with our neighbour? Mrs eMurphy--A coorse I am. Bho called me a thafe, and I called hcr another. An Irishman was going along the the road, when an angry bull rushed down upon him, and, with his horns, tossed him over the fence. The Irishman, recovering from his fall, upon looking up saw the bull pawing and tearing up the ground (as is the custom of the animal whenirritated), whereupon Pat, smiling at him, said, ' If it wasn't for your bowing and scraping and your humble apologies, you brute, faikes, I should think you had thrown me over this fence on purpose i' As the late Professor Hamilton was one day walking near Aberdeen he met a weel-known in dividual of weak intellect named Jemn.y. ' Pray.' said the Professor, ' how long can a pierson live without brains?' 'I dinna ken,' said Jemnmy, scratching his head; ' how old are ye yoursel ?' The custom of requiring children ant bunday schools to write down portions of the hymns vwhich they have been learning doos not soeem to produce satisfactory results, if one may judge from some specimens which have lately diverted the readers of the Church papers. * His thorns compose so rich a crown,' is rendered ' Hawthorns compose so rich a crown,'' Hast all our fathers led' comrn out ' Has stole, our fathers lead ;' and anubthel line, the origin of which cannot be traced, is 'He gave some brass before he burst.' The children clearly ought to.be made to give the sense of the words which they leern. 'Do you know who built this bridge,' said a person to Hook. ' No,' replied Hook ; ' but if you go over you'll be tolled !' Men may be.lords of creation, but some women beat all creation. We wind up clocks to keep them running, and banks to stop their running. No matter how mach a man hates a creditor, he invariably asks him to call again. To convivial Splirits there is no more difi-ult part of drinking song than the ' refrain.' Why are ripe potatoes in the ground like thieves ? Because they ought to he taken up. It is the denist who can do tooth things at once. A hobby is genius when it ucceeds and a bole to the public when it failp. 