THE ROUT OP THE WHITE HUSSARS. By KUDYAED KIPLING. (fso&i;" piiur Talks fkoji the hxixs. Some pepple hold that au English gavalry regiment cannot run. This ia a mistake. I Iiayo seen four huudred ana nfty sabres flying over the country in abject terror—bare seen the best regiment that ever drenr bridle wiped Pft the Army List for the space of two |ours. If you repeat this tale to the Wh«te Hussars they will, in all pro bability treat you severely, Tbevare not proud of the incident. , m,^v Hlow the White Hussars by side which is greater than all the cavalry on the roster. If this ia Bot a sufficient mark, you may know them by their old brandy. It has been sixty years in the mess, and is worth to taste. Ask for the > M (xaire " old brandy, and see that you get it. If the mess sergeant thinks > you are uneducated, and that the genuine article will be lost on vou he will > treat yon accordingly. He is a. good man. But when you are at iness, you > must never, talk to your hosts about forced marches or lone distanced rides. > The. mess are verv sensitive; and if they think yon are laughing at them, > will tell you so. ' ' As the White Hussars say, it was the colonel's fault- " He was a new man, and he ought never to hare taken the cpmmand. He said that the regi ment was not smart enough. This tn the White Hussars, who knew that gey could walk round any Horse and tbroygh any guns, and over any" Foot on the face of the earth : That iosulfc was the first cause of offence. Then the colonel cast the drum horse—the drum-horse of the White Hussars! Perhaps you do not see what an unspeakable crime he had committed. I will try to.'make it ?,3ear. The soul of the regiment lives id the drum-horse, who carries the silver kettle-drums. He is nearly Slways a big piebald Waier. That' is point of honor; and a regiment will ?pend. My thing you please on a pie bald. He is beyond the ordinary laws 9* casting. His work is very light and he only manceavers at a footpace Wherefore, so long as he can step out aud look handsome, his wellbeinc is assured. He knows more about°the regiment than the adjutant, and he could Dot make a mistake if he' tried Jbe drum-horee of the White Hussars was only eighteen years old, and perfectly enuaj to his duties. He had at least six years more work in him, and carried himsdf with all the pompand digBityof a dr«m,major of had »■« But the colonel said that he must go, and he was east in due form and replaced by a washy, bar beast, as VgV as a mule, with a ewe-neck, rat tail, and cow-hocks. The drummer detested that animal, and the best of tbe band-horses put back their ears and showed the whites of their eyes at the eery sight of him, They knew hun for a,a upstart and. no gentleman. 1 iaraey that the colonel's ideas of smartness extended to the band, and that he wanted to make it take part ip the regular parade movements. A cavalry band is a sacred thing. It only turns, out for commanding oihcers parades, and the bandmaster is one^ degree more important than the colonel. He ia a. high priest, and 5}® „£ee!' ®ow": 18 hia toly song, ■the Eeel Kow"-is the cavalrv trot: and the man who has never heard- that tune rising;, high and shrill, above the rattle of the iegiment going pa8t the Ralutmg-basc, has something yet to hear and understand. When the colonel cast the drum horse of the Whits Hussars, there Was nearly a mutiny. The officers were angry, the regi ment were fyrious, and the bandsmen swore — like troopers. The drum-" horse was going to be put up to auction —public auction—to be bought per haps by Parsee and be, put into, a ?art ! It was worse than exposing i.ie inner life of the regiment to the ' whole world, or selling the mess plate to a Jew—a blatlt Jew. The colonel was a mean mail and a hully. He knew what the regiment thought about his action ; and when i the troopers offered to buy the drum horse, he said that their offer was mutinous and forbidden bv the regu lations. " 0 _ ^iit; one of the subalterns—Hogan Yale, an Irishman—bought the drum horse for 160rs. at the sale; and the colonel was wroth. Tale professed repentenc-e—he was unnaturally sub missive—and said that, as be had only made the purchase to save the horse, from possible ill-treatment and starvation, he would now shoot him and; end the business. This appeared to soothe the colonel, for he wanied the drum- horse disposed of. He felt that he had made a mistake, and could not of course acknowledge it. Mean time, the presence of the drum-horse was an annoyance to him. Yale took to himself a glass of old brandy, three cheroots, and his friend tyn j and they all- left the mess together. Yale and Mar tyn con ferred for two hours in Yale's quartersbut only the bull-tt;rrier who keeps watch over ' Yale's hoot-trees knows what they said. A hor-e, hooded and sheeted Jo Ins eai s, left Yale s stables, and was t ik<jn, very unwillingly, into the 1 ivil Lines. Yale's groom went with !:>nv. Two men. broke into, the re'W ' enial ihealre and took several pr.int ~U and some largo scenery brushes. Then night fell over the Cantonments, and there was a noise as of a horse kicking his ioosp-bos to pieces ill Tale's stables. Yale had a big, old, white Waler trap-horse. The next day was a Thursday, and the men, hearing that Yale was going to shoot the drum-horse in the even ing, determined to give the beast a regular regimental funeral—a finer one than they would have given the colonel had he died just then. They got a buliock-eart and some sacking, and mounds and mounds of roses, ar-d the body, under sacking, was carried out to the place where the anthrax eases were cremated; iwo-thirds of the regiment following. There was no baud, but they all sang " The Place where the old Horse Died," as some thing respectful and appropriate to the occasion. When the corpse was dumped into the grave, and the men began throwing down .armfuls of roses , t<? coyer it, the farrier-sergeant ripped ! out an oath, and said aloud, " Why, it ain't the drum-horse any more, than it7s me !'■' The troop sergeant-majors asked him whether he had left his bead in the canteen. The farrier sergeant said that he knew the drum horse s feet as well as be knew his own; feut he was silenced when he saw the regimental number burnt in on the poor stiff up-turned near-fore. Thuawas the drum-hovse of the White Hussars buried ; the farrier sergeant grumbling. The sacking that covered the corpse was smeared in places with black paint; and the farrier-sergeant drew attention to, the fact. But the troop sergeant-major of E. Troop kicked him severely on the shin, and told him that he was undoubtedly drunk. On the Monday following the burial, the colonel sought revenge on, the White Hussars. Unfortunately, being at that time temporarily in command of the station, he ordered a brig^d^ field-day. Ho said that he -yished to make the regiment " sweat for their d d insolence," and be carried out his notion thoroughly. That Monday was one of thj hardest days in the meniory of the White Hussars! They were thrown against a skeleton enemy, aud pushed forward^ and withdrawn' and dismounted, and " scientifically handled" »n every possible fashion over dusty country, till they sweated profusely.^ Thexr only amusement came late in the day when they fell j upon the battery of Horse Artillery i and chased it for two miles. This was a personal question, a.nd most of the troopers bad money on the event; the i gunners saying openly that they had the legs of the White Hussars. They wei;e wrong. A march past concluded the campaign, and when the regiment got back to their lines, the men were coated wjtii, dirt fronj spur to chin strap. The. White Hussars have one great and peculiar privilege. They own it at Fontenoy, I think. Many regiments possess special rights, such as wearing collars with undress uniform, or a bow of ribbon b<?t;veeu the. shoulders, or red and white roses in their helmets on eertain days of the ^ year. Some rights are connected with regimental saintsj and some with regimental successes. AH are valued highly ■ but noae so highly as the right of the White Hussars to have the band, playing when their bpnses are being watered in the lines. Only one tune is played, and that tune never varies, I don't know its real the Yhite Hussars call it \- lake. Me to Loudon Again" It sounds very pretty. The regiment would sooner oe struck off the roster than forego their distinction. ,, t'ie '*dismiss"- was. sounded, the officers rode off home to prepare ror stables; and the men Sled into the lines, rid nig easy. That is to say, t ney opened their tight buttons, shifted their helmets, aud began to joke or to swear as the !>uiuor took thetn ; the more careful slippiafr off and easing giitbs and. curbs. A good trooper values his muunt exactly as taueb as t8- ^ , hiraself' believes, or should bene re, that the two together are irresistible where women or men, gii\\.s or guns, are concerned. Then, the orderly-officer gave the order ' Water horses," and the regi ment loafed ofl to the squadron troughs which were in rear of the stables, and between these, and the barracks. Ihere were four huge troughs, one for each squadron, arranged en echelon, so that the. whole reeiment could- water m ten minutes if it liked. But it lingered for seventeen, as aLrule, while the band played. The band struck up as the squadrons filed off to the troughs, and the men slipped their feet out of the stirrups and chaffed each other. The sun was just setting in a big hot bed of red cloud, and the road to the civil lines seemed to run straight into the suns eye. There was a little dot on the road. Tt grew and grew till it showed as a, horse, with a, sort of gridiron Ihing on his back. The red cloud glared through the bars of the grid iron. Spmo of- the, troopers shaded iheir eyes with their, hands and said, " What the mischief 'as that there 'orse got on. 'iia ?,? In another, minute they heard- a neigh that every soul^-horse and man —in the regriment knew, and saw, heading straight towards the band, the. the. dead drunj-horse of the. White Hussars! On his withers hanged and humped the ketsle-drums draped in crape, and on his back, very slrff and soldierly, sat a bareheaded skeleton. The baud stopped playing, and, for a moment, there was a hush. Then someone in E Troop—me;i sard it was tJie troop-sergeant-major— swung his horse round and yelled. No one can account exactly for what happened afterwards; but it sterns that, at least, one. man in each troop set an example of panic, and tiio rest followed like sheep. The horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared and capered; but as soon as the band broke, which it did wiiea the ghost of the drum-horse was about a furlong distant, all hoofs followed suit, and the clatter of the stampede — quite different from the orderly throb and roar of a movement on parade, or the rough hoi se-play of watering in camp—made them only more terrified. They felt that the men op their backs were afraid of something. When horses once know that, all is over except the butchery. Troop after troop turned from "tbe troughs and ran—any where and every where.—like spilt qufcksilver. It was a ujost extraordinary spectacle, for men and horses were in all stages of easiness, and the carbine buckets Sop *nS against their sides urged their horses on. Men were shouting and cursing, and trying to pull clear of the band which was being pursued by the drum-horse, whose rider had fallen forward and seemed to be spurring for a wager. The colonel had gone over to the mess for a drink. Most of the officers were with him, and tbe subaltern of the day was preparing to go down the lines, and receive the watering re ports of the troop-sergeant-majors. When '.'Take me to London Again" stopped, after twenty bars, every one in the mess said, What on earth has happened?" A minute later, they heard unmiliiary noises, and saw, far across the plain, the. White Hussars scattered, and broken, and flying. ' Tbe colonel was speechless with ragej f01" be. thought that the Regiment had rises against him or was unani mously drunk. The band, a disorganised mob, tore past, and at its heels labored the drum-horse—the dead and buried drum- horse—:with the jolting, clatter ing skeleton,. Hogan Tale whispered softly to Martyn—" No wire will stand that treatment," and tbe. band, which had doubled like a hare, came back again. But tbe rest of tbe regiment was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk had shut i^ and each man was howling to his neighbor that the drum-horse was on his flank! Troop-horses are far toq tenderly treated as a rule. They can on emergencies, do a great deal, 'even with seventeen stone on their backs. As the troopers found out. How long the panic lasted I cannot say. I believe that ^vlien the moon rose the men had nothing to fear, and by twos and threes and half-troops crept back into cantonments very much ashamed of themselves. Mean time, the drum-horse, disgusted at his treatment by old friends, pulled up wheeled round, and trotted up to the' mess verandah steps for bread. No one liked to run ; but no one eared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of the skele ton's foot. The band had halted some distance away, and now came back slowly. The colonel called it, individ ually and collectively, every evil name that occurred to him at the time ; for he had set his hand on the bosom of the drum-horse and found it flesh and blood. Then be beat the kettle drums with his clenched fist, and discovered that they were but made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still swear ing, he tried to drag the skeleton out of the saddle, but found that it had been wired into the cantle. The sight of the colonel, with his arms round the skeleton's pelvis and his knee in the old drmm-fiorse's stomach, was striking not to say amusing. He worried the thing off in a minute or two, and threw it down on the ground, saying to the band—" Here, you cure, that's what you're afraid of." The skeleton did not look pretty in the twilight. The band-sergeant seemed to recognise it, for he began to chuckle and choke. " Shall I take it away, sir said the band-sergeant. « Ves," said the colonel, « take it to hell, and ride there yourselves!" The band-sergeant saluted, hoisted the skeleton across his saddle-bow, and led off to the stables. Then ' the colonel began to make enquiries for the rest of the regiment, and the language he used was wonderful. He would disband the regiment—he would court-martial every soul in it—he would not command such a set of rabble, and so on, and bo on. As the men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded the utmost limits of free speech allowed even to a colonel of horse. Martyn took Hogan-Tale aside and suggested compulsory retirement from the service as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn was the weaker man of the two. Hogan-Tale put up his eyebrows and remarked, firstly, that he was the son of a lord, and, secondly, that he was as. innocent as the babe unborn o£ the. theatrical resurrection of the drum-horse. " My instructious,' fiaid'Tale, with a singularlvsimle sweet," werethatthe drum- horse should be "sent back as impressively as ppssible. I ask you am I responsible if a mule-headed friend sends him back in such a man ner as to disturb the peace of mind of a. regiment of Her Majesty's cavalry ?" Martin said, " Toji, are a great man, and will) m time become a. general;, but I'd give my chance of a troop to be safe out of this sffair." Providence saved Martyn and Hogan-Tale. The second in command ed the colonel away to the little cur iained alcDve wherein tbe subalterns of the White Hussars were accustomed to play poker at nights; and there, after many oaths on the colonel's part, ihoy talked together in low tones. I fancy that the second in command inugt have represented the scare as the work of some trooper whom it would be hopeless to detect; and I kuow that he dwelt upon the sin and the shame of making a. public laughT ing-stock of the scare. "They will call us," said the second in command, who had really a fine imagination—" they will call ug thp 4 Fly-by-Nights they ^vill call us the ' Ghost Huntersthey will nickname us from one end of the army list to the other. All the explanation in the world won't make outsiders under-; 6tand that the officers were away wbfn the panic began. lor the honor of the regiment and for pur ow£ §akp keep this thing quiet." The colonel was so exhausted ^'ith anger that soothing him $own >va$ not so difficult as might be imagined. He was made to see, gently and by degrees, that it was obviously impos sible to court-inartial the whole regi ment and equally impossible to pro ceed against any subaltern who, in his belief, had any concern in the hoax. " But the beast's alive! He's never been shot at all!" shouted the colonel. " It'« flat flagrant disobedience! I've known a man broke for less—damn sight less." They're mocking me, I tell you, Mutmau ! They're mocking me!" ■ ' ~ Once more, the second in command set himself to sooth the colonel, and, wrestled with him for half an hour at the end of that time, the regimental sergeant - major reported himself. '1 he situation was rather novel to him ; but he was not a man to be put out by circumstances. He saluted and said, " KegiineEt all come back, sir." Then to propitiate the colonel—" Ail' none of the 'orses any the. worse, sir." The colonel only snorted and answered—" You'd better tuck the men into their cots, theD, and see that they don't wake up, and cry in the night." The sergeant withdrew. His little stroke p£ humor pleased the colonel, and, further, be felt slightly ashacaed of the language he had been using. The second in com mand worried him again, and the two. sat talking far into. the. night. Next day but one there was a com manding-officer's parade, and the colonel harangued the White Hussars vigorously. The pith of bis speech was that, since the drum-horse in his old age had proved himself capable of cutting up the whole regiment, be. should return to his post of pride at the head of the band, but the regiment were a set of ruffians with bad con sciences. The White Hussars shouted, and threw everything movable about them into the air, and when the parade was over they cheered the colonel till they couldn't speak. No cheers were put up for Lieutenant Hogan-Tale, who. smiled very sweetly in the back-ground. Said the second in command to the colonel, unofficially— " Theee little things ensure popu larity, and do not in the least affect discipline." "ButI went back on my word," said the colonel. " Never mind," said the second in command. " The White Hussars will follow you anywhere from to-day. Regiments are just like women. They will do anything for trinketiy." A week later Hogan-Yale received an extraordinary letter from some one who signed himself " Secretary, Charity and Zeal, 3709, E.C.," and asked for " the return oi our skeleton which we have reason to believe is in your possession." " Who the deuce is the lunatic who trades in bones?" said Hogau-Yale. " Beg your pardon, sir," said the band sergeant, " but the skeleten is with me, an' I'll return it if you'll pay the carriage into the civil lines. There's a coffiu with it, air." Hogan-Yate smiled and handed two rupees to the band-sergeant, saying, " Write the date on the skull, will you?" If yon doubt this Btory and know where to go, you can see the date on the skeleton. But don't mention the matter to the White Hussars. I happen to know something about it, because I prepared the drum-horse for his resurrection. He did not take kindly to the skeleton at all. 