TS8 eaSRFiSS FAULT taoif. » The ancient house of Gorefield, of Gorefield Grange, near the town of Goreham, Ridtng- skire, was iuq>py in the possession of a family fhest. lake the famous Hoheuzollem Weisse >ame, it came on toe scene only as a prog- nostication of the appearance of the 44 fell sergeant," as each Gorefield who eavrit was supposed to .die within the year. But the Gore- field ghost was made of sterner stuff than sighing and shrieking women In white or in rustling sdk, or banshees, with whieh a hast of blood-curdling fiction-writers have made us so familiar. This spirit belonged to the other sex, and when he appeared it was in knightly, full-steel panoply, aTmed cap-d-pie, like Hamlet's father, with toe accompaniments of a clanking swordand jingling spam. Only, unlike the somewhat long-winded incorporeal royal Dane, toe Gorefield gentleman had never been known to apeak. They were a proud race, those Gorefields. and their family traditions were almost put <xi a level with their -creed. Consequently, when a Gorefield set eyes on the spectre lought, he or she dutifully gave himself or herself up for lost, with a devotion almost Mohammedan in its character ; and, as a matter of course, found peaceful quarters in toe Gorefield Abbey family vault before the year had run its course. About .toe ghost — well, its history is some what vague. However, it has for centuries been generally accepted by the Gorefield race, and taken for gospel truth by a succession of the inevitable old-housekeepers who have shown visitors over the Grange, that the apparition wag none other than the spirit of Sir Marma- duke Gorefield, which was somewhat rudely aad abruptly disembodied on Bos worth's gory field. Sir Marmaduke was a staunch supporter of Richard, and one fine morning the knight was excusably excited when he found that his Boa and heir had been intriguing with the Lancas trian party. Consequently, according, it seems, to the fashion of toe times, Sir Martnaduke devoutly cuised his erring offspring. As a sup plementary measure, the knight called on all the saints in the calendar — and the canonised host was considerable in those days — to witness that if toe causeof York collapsed, and he were slain, he would haunt the family for evermore. As every reader of history knows —or rather, as every theatre-goer is awe — King Dick and his house received their quietus at Bosworth, Sir Marmaduke being speared close to his Royal master. The knight was as good as his oath respecting the haunting business. But whether some potent influence compelled toe spirit to limit the time of his revisiting the glimpses of 'the moon to placing a damper on an odd descen dant —a damper like unto that presumably experienced by a hapless culprit when he has bad an interview with a black-capped judge, and toe Home Secretary has written regretting that he cannot see his way, etc. — or whether it was a cruel and ill-natured preference of his ghostship's own, is a question that must ever remain of toe speculative order. To narrate in full the old-time appearances of Sir Marmaduke to the members of many genera tions of the Gorefield race, m&lee; and females, old and yonng, grave and gay, would he tedious -reading. He has, however, only been seen once daring toe present century. That was at the festival of Easter, 1815, by Lieutenant Gorefield, of the Coldstream Guards. The g dl ant officer, who, considering his condition toat evening, might have seen two ghosts, as he had imbibed rather freely, was, a week or two later, killed at "Waterloo. Bat railways, steamships, daily newspapers, telegraphs, telephones, and phonographs have played sad havoc with sundry interesting old superstitions. At the time of our story, the .ghostly Sir Marmaduke, sad to relate, was very partially believed in by toe members of the Gorefield family, whom we shall now describe; Shortly before the date of our narrative, which is less than a generation ago, Squire Edgar Gorefield, a peppery, eccentric old gen tleman of threescore, and long a widower, had lost his only child, Ralph, a young man. of. twenty-five, who had gone out to the States, : and had been killed in a tornado in Wisconsin. There could be little doubt on the subject, as. a gold watch, with the Gorefield crest and motto engraved on the back, had been found in the pocket of a body with the face braised beyond all recognition. A photograph of the watch was sent to England, and promptly identified by toe ; .squire, who, in -an unwonted fit of generosity, had presented the article to his son on his fifteenth birthday. So the squire, and his few immediate relatives, wore mourning for Ralph for the usual period, and the poor lad's name and particulars of his end were inscribed on one of the many Gorefield monumental tablets in ; toe adjacent abbey church. But, to all appear- 1 ances, the squire grieved little. Ralph, from his point of view, had been a wilful and head strong youth, who had treated with oontumely all the parental demands. Squire Gorefield, however, had been a tyrannical and unsociable father, -aki Ralph had been only too glad to get away anywhere from the frigid atmosphere of Gorefield Grange. But if toe aqnire had exhibited only trifling regret for toe death of his son, he displayed a distinctly acrimonious feeling for his heir-at- law, his nephew, Captain Wilfrid Gorefield, toe elder of toe two sons of his only brother deceased. Indeed, toe squire would have pre ferred the younger brother James, who was a plodding Chancery barrister in Lincoln's Inn. Captain Gorefield had sold out of the army ; then he had. married a lady possessed of an income of one hundred pounds per annum, and therefore was compelled to augment his meagre means by working. He did a little in toe way of journalism, in the shape of writing paragraphs, more or less veracious, for the 44 Society" papers; a little instruction in fearing and calisthenics, and a little coaching of embryo Wellingtons who were going up fox exam, at Sandhurst. But it was hard unremunerative work, and the captain, who was not an extravagant man, found it a tough job to make ends meet, and be able to keep the roof of a Gothic cottage at Ciw-pbftm over the heads of his wife and four young daughters. When toe news of Ralph's death arrived, however, Captain Wilfrid managed to obtain an advance on the strength of his prospects from a worthy firm of gentlemen of toe Israelitish persuasion, hearing toe trifling interest of seventy per cent. This sum he used to 4> clear the decks" with and pay his debts. But . the high hopes of Captain Gorefield and his helpmate respecting the prospective possessionof Gorefield Grange were considerably damped by a rumour that the squire was about to marry again, the lady of Ms choice being Miss Greene, the yonng and blooming sister of one of the curates at toe abbey. If a son were born of that marriage, the captain well knew that for him it meant utter ruination. Needless to say that the situation at Gorefield - Grange was also keenly watched by the firm of Hebraic money-lenders. One morning Captain Gorefield was electri fied by an actual invitation from the squire to spend a few days at the Grange, Wilfrid. j though he had been rather intimate with Rlpli (albeit a year or two his cousin's senior, asms, the captain's, father had married longbeforotho squire), had never met Ms austere uncle he'wasaboy. But a sentence or two in fhs old gentleman's note let toe motive out. & legislator of toe nomadic order, Mr. Carpette Bage. who had been defeated, when contesting a Cornish borough at a late general elections was now put for ward as a candidate for Souto- West Ridingshire, as a vacancy had just oc curred through the death of its member of Parliament. Mr. Carpette Bagge was sub roM toe nominee of the Duke of Ridingshire, and ft was te obedience to a hint from bin grace re specting toe advisability of Raving on the platform with toe candidate the gentleman whs one day might he master of Gorefield Grange that toe squire, sorely against his will, wrote, placing his hospitable roof at his liephew's dis posal. Capla'n Gorefield read the letter to his wife at the breakfast table within their Gothic cottage atGlapham. The poor lady, who bmfl been prodigiously upset by the news of the squire's approaching marriage, received toe in formation with languid interest. Suddenly she exclaimed: — 44 About that family ghost of yours, Wilfrid. I should be perfectly relieved, I declare, if the tiling should appear to your curmudgeon of an uncle while you are at the Grange. BiesB me ! if I bad your <£ance, I'd slip on one of the suits of armour hanging about, that yon have told me of, in regular Joan of Arc fashion, and frighten toe life out of the old wretch !" Captain Gorefield did not like to hear .the sacred institution of his race thus irreverently touched upon. He frowned,- and severely : — 44 And cause uncle to die within the year! That, my dear, would never do; it would hi positively a case of constructive murder." While Mts. Gorefield was railing away ra« spectteg the squires matrimonial intention the captain suddenly rose, and fighting a cigar, stepped outside, and strolled about within the circuinscribed limits of the back gaTden. For some time he was apparently engaged in deep mental cogitation. Then he exelaimed to him self, 44 By Jove, my old lady's, idea is a good one ! I'm in a financial mess, and my des perate sitnationmay serve to allay the prick ings of conscience. Yes, by Jove, I'll try it on !" Captain Gorefield thereupon dressed »tWT caught a 'bus for London Bridge. Arrived thither, he crossed the river and made his way to the Tower. Within the famous armoury of that historical edifice the gentleman spent about au hour, and made a minute, examina tion of the style of fastenings, etc., of old cuirasses, greaves, and gauntlets, knd the mechanism of various fashions of visors. The meeting between, the uncle and nephew took place in the presence of Mr. Carpette Bagge, and was certainly not over-cordial. The Gorefields, who, it may be mentioned, both suffered from defective vision, took keen measure of each other through their glasses. The squire studiously avoided inquiring after Mrs. Gorefield and the four Misses Gorefield at Ciapham. As the captain took stock of the Jloomy building he thought to himself, 44 By ove, if I were master here I'd thi ow some life into the concern !" But the nephew saw little of his uncle. Mr. Carpette Bagge had begun a vigorous canvass, and what with house to house solicitation for support and speech-making in the afternoon and evening, there was little time to admit of a colloquy between the affectionate relatives. One piece of intelligence, however, infinitely delighted the captain. The fair Miss Greene, who, in respect of negotiations matrimonial with the old squire, had been subjected to consider able pressure from her brother and other re latives,- had now, to use a slang phrase, cut up rusty. She had flatly refused to become Mrs. Gorefield, and, further, waB encouraging the addresses of a handsome lieutenant . of dragoons, who was quartered in an adjacent garrison town. This. teem, of -affairs, needless to say, did not improve the squire's bad temper, though the hews afforded unbounded pleasure to Mrs. Gorefieldnt Ciapham. If Squire Gorefield possessed a confideutal friend; it was in toe person of his physician, Dr. Battersby. The squire kept but few secrete from toe medico, and the latter gentleman, as a just return, supplied the former with everything in the way of gossip going on that he could think of. Dr. Battersbv had been deputed to pump the captain, and toe latter, not knowing how the land lay, was injudicious enough to in form the physician of toe satisfaction he felt toat the marriage had been broken off. When the squire heard from the doctor this news, he facetiously growled : 44 It would serve the fellow right if old Sir Marmaduke would turn up at Ins bedside, jcuft for this once!" 44 Oh, Gorefield," put in toe doctor, 44 can you credit it ? Your esteemed nephew is a staunch believer in the family ghost, which I think is more than you are ; at least I imagine you axe a leetle sceptical on toe subject. He looks to mi like a poor nervous creature, j ust of the excitabk class of folks who, if they set eyes on . anything they can't account for, may die of fright out right!" 44 The ghost!" exclaimed toe Bquire. 44 What on earth made ths pair of you start that subject?" 41 Well, the worthy captain made minute inquiries as to your views regarding your interesting family institution " 44 And what answer did you give him ?" 44 1 said, 4 You'd better ask your uncle personally. He is toe best judge as to his beliefs.' That was my reply.' . The squire grimly -and humorously re marked, 44 "Well, what I have to say is this ; if toe good Sir Marmaduke is solicitous to do a service to humanity, he'd better lose no time in showing up to Master Wilfrid.. The election is $n Tuesday, and I don't want him here any longer." The election came off, and Mr. Carpette Bagge, who, by the way, -was staying at toe Grange, was somewhat unexpectedly returned by a narrow majority. The squire, who, after Dr. Battersby's state ment, had adopted a studied auperriuoos and insulting manner to his nephew, would have got rid of toe captain at once. But, through a sentence dropped by toe jubilant Duke of Ridingshire, the nephew, who hadrfeally worked hard on toe election, was invited to a dinnef party to be given within the Grange toe suc ceeding night, which his grace was to honour with Ms prestttOB. A formal dinner was an exceptional affair within the sombre manor house ; therefore toe meagre etaff of domestics was . augmented by cooks and several temporary menials hired from outside, and all were in a fever-heat ef preparation for toe important event. The squire occupied a bedroom on the second floor of the east wing of the' housak and Mr. Carpette Bagge, M.P., and the captain were accomodated in toe west wing; The wids corridor traversing the main p&rt; of toe build ing which connected toe extremitieewas blocked up by a multitude of trestles and buckets, as » " staff of painters was at a worRin the passage. Therefore, to reach toe one fromtoe othEoq a person would need to descend "toe mircash \dspss\tS hall, and ascend the stair on the I in the af ternoon amid the bustle atten- . . da nt onmaking .ready for dinner, whpo the squire, choleric and excited, was superintend ing operations, Captain Gore field softly slipped upstairs.' After furtively glancing about to make sure that ke was - not observed, he pro spected the corridor outside his> bedroom, "Jn which there were severe suits of armour dis played. With the view of getting a correct fit, the gentleman took a visored helmet from one 6uit, a cuirass from another, greaves and gauntlets from a third and fourth, and carrying them to his chamber, achieved a rig-out of mailed articles,' archaeologically speaking, a rather 44 composite" character. These, after being submitted, to a dusting process, he con cealed undeeiiis bed. Then Captain Gorefield reached the hall, and sneaking up to the squire's chamber in the; opposite wing, made careful in spection of the locks of the door, and found, to his great satisfaction that it was out of order and would not Work. < The dinner passed off stiffly, but satisfac torily. Betides the Duke of Eidingshire, Daptain Gorefield, Mr. Carpette Bagge, M.P., Hid Dr. Battersby, adozen neighbouring gentle- nen had been -invited. Carriages had been ordered for 12, and when that hour struck the party broke up, and the several guests were Iriven away. Dr. Battersby had been invited ay the squire to pass the night at the Grange, ikd was accommodated with a chamber adjom- ng that of the master of the house. Having bade nach other good-night, the four proceeded indifferent directions to bed. While . ascending the stair, Mr. Carpette Bagge, M.P., ; talked volubly to the captain ; but the latter, having more serious business on hand, hardly answereda word, and pleading indisposition, immediately sought his room. As the reader may have conjectured, Captain Gorefield had mattered his plan of personating the spectre of Sir Marmaduke, and appearing at his uncle's bedside, in the charitable hope that his relative, according to the tradition of their race, would shuffle off this mortal coil within the year. When all wasfstill, Captain Gorefield, who had denuded hiinself of his dress clothes, and was attired only in his shirt and pants, endea voured to put on the armour. With a mut tered oath he gave up the steel boots as a bad job, as they affected his corns too much. The rotten old leathern straps of the various plates broke in all directions, and the captain had to resort to the somewhat undignified expedient of fastening the parts on with string. Having powderedhis face and black moustache, and put on the casque with the visor raised, the improvised spectre, who had elected to walk in his stockings to ensure noiselessness, affixed his glasses, and after a satisfied look at himself in the mirror, stole softly into the corridor. It was intensely cold, and as Wilfrid stealthily passed along he shivered, and his teeth chattered. He was almost overpowered by the weird situation, and exclaimed to himself vith a shudder, 44 Heavens, if I were to meet ;he real Sir Mrmaduke just now !" When the captain reached the door at the cot of the stair, he cautiously opened it, and peered into the gloomy, spacious hall. That ! prrtment reached right across the base of the building, and opposite to the porch end was a Luge stained glass window of ecclesiastical pattern. As Wilfrid was gliding across the hall, the full moon, which had been obscured by a passing cloud, shone out brightly, and from the window threw a variety of prismatic tints upon .he floor. Suddenly the mailed Wilfrid uttered a hoarse ,ry of fear, for just opposite to him, standing in the edge of the flood of light, was another 3gure in cap-a-pie armour. A mist rose before the captain s's eye, and he vould doubtless have tainted outright, had not -he opposition spectre — which, curiously enough, appeared to be equally u harrowed with fear and wonder"— dropped its drawn sword with a horrible crash. Then the ghosts in harness, .making a simul taneous advance towards each other, hame out with an -oath betokening disgust and annoyance for each perceived that the other, under the" raised visor, was wearing a pince-nez ! The armoured apparition which had so 3tartled the captain was none other than his revered uncle, who, by a remarkable coinci- \ decce, had conceived the same rascally scheme posing as a counterfeit presentment of Sir tf armaduke, and putting, literally, the fear of death on his nephew. The squire nervously pulled off his casque, jtnd sending it clattering over the floor, croaked angrily ; 41 What do you mean, you rascal, masquerad ing about in my honse in that fashion ?" The nephew, who had somewhat recovered himself, replied, coolly, 44 Well, I suppose, on the identical little game as yourself ! " The uncle responded, 44 This is my house, sir. and I can do what I please in it." "Lookhere," said the captain; "if I'm a humbug and a rogue, you're a bigger. I am glad now that my personation of the Gorefield family ghost didn't come off. I'm a trifle troubled with feelings and a conscience ; you've got neither. Your treatment of vour son Ralph was enough/to convince me of that. For the family credit it will be as well to keep our lips sealed respecting this idiotic business. Neither would show up well if the story leaked out. It's war to the knife between us now . Go on, do your worst ! I leave this place to- jnorrow!" A retort, mightily discourteous, was on the infuriated squire's lips, when the sounds of wheels outside considerably disconcerted the gentlemen in arniour. A hurried foot was heard ascending the steps, and thundering knocks at the door succeeded. The squire excitedly snarled, " Strip off those infernal things, and see who that is ! Don't allow any of the servants to he awakened." Amid repeated knocks, the captain, swearing profusely the while, managed to free himself from his cumbrous panoply. After gruffly whispering to his uncle, 44 Get behind that high chair, you old fool, or the Slace will be taken for Bedlam !" he opened the oor on the chain.- 4 4 Who's there V he cried. 44 Is it fOu. Jennings?", a cheery voice re plied. "Are yon still here, old chap? Sorry to have got you out of bed." With a uri of _ astonishment and dismay, the captain undid the Chain and admitted the visitor, who was a stalwart, bearded young man. 'Ibeg pardon, " the stranger excWedT"! thought you were the old footman. Good gracious, Wilfrid I is it you ? I didn't recognise you with your /whitened physog. Have you been indulging in the unwonted amusement of amateur theatricals at Gorefield Grange, or what? Don't you know me, man? I'm cousin Ralph!" 44 Good heavens ! we all thought you were dead!" murmured the amazed Captain Wilfrid. 41 Whati dead! Well, here I am to effectually disprove tne supposition. I arrived in London this morning from 'Frisoo, after a tediou yoy»ge round theHorn. I didn't telegraph, ox anything! just thought I'd surprise the fcetablifihment. Mow-is dad?" The Wire was a deep groan and a heavy fall, as of some metallic substance, on the o <ke.n floor! - Ralph rushed forward,-and by the dim light perceived thef&miliar; features of his father, with his body cased in armour, Btretched out insen Bible. 44 What, in Heaven's; name, has been the matter ??' Ralph cried to Wilfrid. 44 Hush epokA toe latter. 44 Let's get these thingsjoff and qarry him to bed. It's a mercy Dr. Battersby 'sin the house.'' Squire Edgar Gorefield was conveyed to his couch, and the medical gentleman promptly summoned. But he was past all earthly aid. He never regained consciousness from the shock of .his- given-up- tor-dead son's sudden reappearance. He died a few days later, Bucoumbing to along-standing affection of the heart. His remains were interred within Gore field Abbey, and Squire "Ralph feigned in his stead. Ralph Gorefield gave a simple explanation of the watch mystery. His pocket had been picked of the article, and after the tornado it was doubtless found on the- mangled body of the thief. The young man— 'Who, during the interval,, had been on an expedition to Alaska — averred that he had twice written home, but the mis sives had somehow never reached their destina tion. The new squire promptly engaged a work man, skilled in the use of the chisel, to erase his name and particulars of his supposed death from the marble tablet in the abbey. Captain Gorefield, sobered and penitent, made a clean breast of the ghost impersonation business. Squire Ralph was all forgiveness as he was liberal- minded enough to perceive, respecting the worthies concerned, that it was, in regard to villainous intentions, a case of six of the one and half a dozen of the other. ' . Ralph cleared his cousin from his difficulties with the Jews, and managed to procure him&n; appointment as manager of a fruit farm in California. To that golden State, therefore, the captain gladly proceeded, together with his - wife and four daughters. Squire Ralph soon made a perceptible dif ference in the conduct of affairs in the Grange, and that erst gloomy mansion almost directly earned the reputation of being one of the jolliest in Ridingshire. Afterwards he married the handsome daughter of a neighbouring baronet. Squire Ralph, for another thing, completely renounced the hereditary politics of his family, and enthusiastically attached himself to the other side. He stood for South-west Riding shire at the succeeding general election, and, by reason of his local popularity, ignominiously routed Mr. Carpette Bagge. It is satisfactory to add that the present genial squire has not, as yet, received a visit from the shads of his doughty Yorkist ancestor, Sir Marmaduke. Indeed, Ralph is a confirmed sceptic, and is wont to laughingly assert it as his opinion that the Gorefield family ghost is effectually laid. — weekly Budget, 