EiSHT HOURS' SUV. Tfia Procession. Shortly after 10 o'clock the various aggre gations of labour surrounding the T races' - nail .unwound themselves from the packed mass of humanity and slowly moved: for- .ward ' ia a continuous lino" of procession Position had been allotted by ballot, and the Plasterers Society, having won .the prile of place, leid tho way, pre ceded, however, by the old ehrht-Iiours banner, a weather- worn old Bag. A ter the mean -and insignificant beside the showy embletns that followed it; but it had seen honourable service. It had .borne the heat and burden of the struggle, and had lived and triumphed through times that the' younger, showier banners only knew of by hearsay, and wbre apt to forget. After the 'plasterers came the trophy of the Aerated Water Employes' Society, the men at work bottling their effervescent wares, and ap parently quite contented that the Mayor ! of Melbourne had- declined to lay the founda tion -stone of the historical memorial statue. Then sturdy bricklayers filed by in a large body ; then engineers .and cigar- makers, drivers, confectioners, and bakera, each fol lowing a banner depicting the symbols of their various crafts. The bakers were dis tinguished by seme religious leaven, for iu their midst marched two operatives in the uniform of the Salvation- Army. The wharf -labourers made - a numerically large! show, and were loudly cheered at different portions of the march. Th- -brewers' lorry was handsomely -decorated, and the sides we e bung with floral devices, in waich the mystic figures " 8 — 8—8 " were conspicuous. . The tobacconists made a great display. A living tableau was borne along, ahd delighted the crowd with an allegorical picture of tho introduction of the weed to dlnghmd. Queen Elizabeth, her pages, her faithful Sir Walter Raleigh, and tho typical Indian from whom tho soothing leaf - had been won, found appropriate representatives ia the chariot of smoke, whilst behind the car marched the members of the union, showing their faith ia their own goods by puffing small clouds from clay " church war lens/ ' One of the Goaehmakera' Unio/i fcouk his eight hours'! recreation iu a haudsoinsly-appoimed vehicle drawn upon a lorry; whilst sturdy masons struck mild blows upon unyielding blueetoue. Tbe engine- drivers announced their coming at a distance, for a small engine challenged attention as vigorously as if it belonged to one of the suburban railways. The japanners and tiu- Rmith8 were preceded by two mail-clad horsemen, tin- sheeted stolidities that were irreverently alluded to as tho double ghosts- of Hmiet's father. The furni ture trades showed a neat- and appro priate trophy, and tho jewellers brought forth a batch of gaily-fcedigbt cavaliers to show off their jewels to the best advantage. In point of numbers the Seamen and Labourers' Federated Union boro the palm, for tbey mustered about 300 repiesent -lives, whilst the divers had an effective roil -call of two representatives. These two, however, were by no means the least important part of the prucesdon, for they were seen euea-ed in their diving- dresses at the bo ; torn of the deep blue sea of coloured gauze, whilst around them hung, to lend effect to the tableau, a number of mimic fishes, struck inoi.ionle:s by the sup- p =sed invasion of these new _ monsters of the deep. The Typographical S ;e:ely, mustering strongly, surrounded a trophy of the press, ! on which were living statues of the groat levers of civilisation, including a well- made- up ?' Punch," who occupied his spare time belabouring the urchins who ran alongside and jeered his hump- backed majesty. The society was headed by the combined bands of The .Daily Telegraph and the -Age eompanion- shipSj forming together one of the strongest bodies of musicians in the procession. The millers came out in all the glory of their ri£w banner, and attracted much attention by the neat design and the alliterative motto, 41 God's Gift — the Golden Grain we Grind."' ' But the observed of all the passing uuions was that of the shearers. First came representatives mounted on horseback, with their swags and their shears, and then a lorry, in which two operatives practically illustrated their method ! of working by shearing two shec-p. The shearers were cheered along the route. Last of all came the pioneers ia drags, and as the veterans passed through the streets they were greeted with acclamation. The total number of individuals taking an active part in the procession may be set down at about 4,500. 