OVER MANY SEAS; OR, HALF ROUND THE WORLD. [By Mark Antony.] CHAPTER IV. MALTA. 28th June. We have now got out of the Gut, and are glid- ing joyously over the bright waters of the Mediterranean. Shoals of gold-winged flying fish are rising from the waves under our vessel's fore foot, aad making short, spasmodic journeys away to the right and left. A soft, veil-like haze lies low on the sea, and through its dim obscurity the distant shores of the Algerian coast is dimly seen. The tall, ghost-like forms of a couple of yachts are visible through the thin haze, and the soft music from their decks is borne, at times, to our ears. Ah ! what a heavenly clime is this ; what a scene of glorious beauty, and of soft and grateful skies. The breeze from the shore is rich laden with the odours of many a fair and favoured valley, and the dim line of shore appeals to all that is romantic and wonderful in our souls. In these beautiful latitudes all the wealth and fashion of the pleasure-satiated ones of the earth is annually to be found ; and here, upon this health-giving wave, is often found that sweet balm of health which former excess has banished. We come not in search of health and pleasure, and our object is not to while away the ennui- laden hours. Yet, oh how gladly would we linger here, even for a brief time longer ; and how dearly would many of us like to land on yonder misty shore, and explore its mystic scenes. It may not be, however. Not for such as we, the soft dalliance of the votaries of pleasure, or the luxurious hours such delay might ensure. The steady, business- like throb of the mighty engines tell us it may not be, and the swift, sternward rush of the cloven waves bears out the fact. Perhaps in the coming years, and after we have built up collossal (hum) fortunes in the sunny south, we may return and enjoy all this ; but in the meantime our course is onward, and an ingenious combination of machinery, backed up by a fair amount of nautical skill, is seeing to it that we go there, and nowhere else. Our sea-sick passengers are now beginning to show up a little better on deck. Many of them have passed a terrible time ; but now, as the soft winds and peaceful seas of this happy clime begin to greet them, robust health and all its attendant blessings comes again to cheer them on. Concert and theatrical clubs are soon formed, and a hetero genous collection of musical (sic) instruments being rooted out from various odd corners, we are soon the proud possessors of a splendid brass and string band—the best, in fact, anywhere near us ; and a wild, reckless spirit of dissipation begins to take possession of us, and to breathe out over the waves about three nautical miles on either side. Our first dramatic performance came off on the saloon deck, by permission of the captain, and under his direct patronage ; and had it not been slightly marred by several unfortunate little mishaps, it might be said to have been the great success of the voyage. The play was entitled, "The Demon Hunter of the Gulch ; or, the Blood-stained Kangaroo," and was a sea drama, specially written for the occasion by myself, and mounted for the stage utterly regardless of expense. It was the great achievement of my life in those days, and as all my hopes were centred in it, I hope the render will pardon me if I give a brief glance at some of the more salient points of that incomparable plot. The hero is a young tender-foot, who has lately arrived in Australia in search of gold, his inten- tions being to "make his pile" in exactly three weeks, and then return by the next mail, and marry the girl of his heart. On the day of his arrival in the country he is told about a dreadful man-eating kangaroo that infests the tree tops in the mighty forests that lie around the Liverpool Plains ; and, at once putting aside all thoughts of filthy lucre, he kneels on the shore, and takes a solemn vow to exterminate the monster, or perish miserably in the attempt. Selecting a couple of trusty chums to carry his ten extra Mitrailleuses, the youthful hero starts on his daring adventure, amid the admiring plaudits of the assembled popu- lation of the colonies, and a large amount of blue fire. The second scene opens in a lonely gulch in the mountains, and the hero is seen issuing from the massive gates of a beautiful marble palace, fol- lowed by his travelling armoury, while a glorious looking young lady weeps and wrings her hands on the battlements of a high tower, and prays for his safe return. Dashing away the tear that rises to his daring eye, he gives her one last reassuring look, and still followed by his trusty men, he vanishes in the gloom of the awful hills. This is followed by a short pause, and an overture from the orchestra, after which the beautiful young lady appears, and sings the three first verses of "Old Rob Ridley," finishing up with a spirited "break-down." Near the end of her dance the air is rent with the awful reverberations of artillery, and the screams of the wounded and savage marsupial, and she has only time to scream out, "Oh, my pore 'art," once when her brave lover appears on the stage alone, and closely pursued by the man- eater. Turning, he places her in a position of safety, explaining, casually, at the same time, that his two unfor- tunate chums are now inside passengers of the approaching monster ; and then, drawing his sword, the last dreadful struggle begins. Blood and hair are now supposed to darken the air for some time, and the rattle of the thunder, accompanied with copious flashes of blue fire, is kept well going, until after a final, heartrending crash the gory atmosphere begins to clear off, and the hero is seen standing over the body of his dead foe, his foot on its breast, and his ensanguined blade held aloft in triumph. The curtain then falls to slow music. The closing scene reveals a large mail steamer, anchored in the heart of the dense forests, and there great gangs of busy labourers wheeling bar- row loads of gold into her, while the hero and his lady love promenade the upper deck in all the sweet unconsciousness of danger past, and love triumphant. The gold is, of course, the young hero's "pile ;" and, as the last load is yanked into the ship, she spreads her white sails to the breeze, and amid the wild acclamations of the labourers (who, by the way, seem rather pleased to get quit of so much lucre), she disappears among the hills. I think the reader will agree with me in saying the above was no common production, and that with any sort of care it ought to have been a great success. The idea of a man-eating kangaroo was certainly original, and a marble palace in the heart of the virgin forest had also its good points, while the terrible combat with the monster in the second scene would be hard to beat for thrilling incident. Yes, I had great hopes from that play ; and, although I was not altogether disappointed, I am yet grieved to say that a series of little bungling incidents greatly militated against its complete success. Jan Cannar did not make a very good kangaroo, in the first place. His accent was against him terribly, and although he had been warned that man- eating kangaroos never spoke a word, he could not be prevailed on to "hop about there, and say nothing." Oh, not at all ; he knew better than all that. "We were only trying to get at him, but he'd show us that an Irish 'man-aiter' knew its own work without so many directions," &c.;, &c.; I had to give way to him, of course ; and the consequence was that some of the more thrilling passages of the combat were seriously marred by strong abjugations and other unnecessary remarks, uttered in a decidedly recog- nisable Connemarra brogue. I might also state that certain of the critics did not approve of the presence in the mountains of a large mail steamer —considered it was rather out of place, etc., and wanted me to explain the presence of that second young lady, when the hero had one at home, whom it had been his original intention to marry. Others wanted to know where the hero had procured the Mitrailleuses, as well as the material wherewith he built the marble palace ; and, in a word, a lot more such vexatious and unnecessary questions. One harpy absolutely refused to swallow it as a "sea drama" until I had, at the last moment, introduced a gory pirate, whose duty it was to appear each time the curtain rose, waving a blood- stained knife, and shouting, "Ha ! ha ! Raise high the little black flag—the death's head and crossbones—ha ! ha ! berlud !" This would cer- tainly have been an improvement had the character been in any way connected with the rest of the play, and had I entrusted it to any one but Bauldy Rankine ; but, as it proved, the result was not satisfactory. The audience soon began to show impatience at the frequent appearance of the unexplainable pirate; and then Bauldy, thinking they wanted him to display a little more enthusi- asm, he suddenly appeared in the "combat scene," and in his new-born ardour inadvertently stuck about an inch of cold steel into the softest part of the carcase of the Irish "man-aiter." This gave my poor drama its final blow. The man-eater, I need not say, instantly turned on Bauldy, and the great effort of my life ended in a miserable pugilistic encounter. It was my last attempt in this line. The reader will, of course, understand that all the foregoing was the work of many arduous days on my part, and of careful study and rehearsal on the part of the company; and I only introduce it here to show how we employed our leisure as we sailed on into the wide and pathless wave. Our new band also afforded us much enjoyment, and by the time we arrived at Malta they could play the first three bars of "Sally Come Up" fairly well, and were seriously thinking of trying their powers on "Jim Crow's Sister." Several concerts had also been successfully carried out ; and on one of these occasions, I recollect, it was blowing so hard that the only way we had of knowing there was a singer on was by closely watching the mo- tions of his mouth, or her's, just as the case might be. Oh ! it was a gay time ; a mad, free, frolic- some period, that—and we revelled in the joyous, thoughtless hours, nor marked them as they passed. Every fresh puff of wind, and every added heave of the vessel, would drive one or more of the happy voyagers over to the lee side, there to lean out over the sea, and utter strange and uncouth sounds for the sole benefit of the little fishes swimming far below. Time and again have I paused in the vicinity of those infatuated ones, and tried to make sense out of their weird utterances, but only an occasional "Uk, uk-ah, huk, guck," reached my ears—a collection of hurried gutturals I could in no way understand. At those times it was not safe to approach any of the "enthusiasts," and ask them to "have a piece of fat pork." It was decidedly dangerous, indeed, as I happen to know, and the amount of excitement—and of "Uk, uk" —it used to produce in them was often something terrible to witness. I soon learned to pass them by when in this particular mood, and to suspect it was some new-fangled form of devotion ; but when I noticed the valiant "Cannar" begin to chime in with them, I must confess I began to think it rough on me—a few. We had many talks about it previous to this, and Jan had always been the readiest to deprecate and sneer at the strange habit, and even in the hour his first lapse took place he was joking with me about it. "Me sowl, Tom," he was saying, "the poor miserable divvils are say-sick yet, an' us afther being on the wather so long. I'd think shame o' mesilf if I was this. I'd—I'd—uk—" He had stopped speaking, and a greenish pallor was steal- ing over his face. "What would you do, John ?" I enquired. " Oh, I'd—uk, huk—" "Are you sick, John ?" "Nook ; hock, uch, huck." "Can I get you anything ?—a piece of fat pork, for instance ?" A wild, incoherent volley of gutturals was my only answer, and the next instant Jan had rushed to the side and was leaning far out. He had joined the "enthusiasts," so I turned sadly away. I shall never forget the injured look poor "Jan" gave me, nor the indignant protest he uttered, as he passed me on the fo'csl half an hour later. He had all the appearance of having just emerged from the wrong end of a patent mangle; and, as his eye met mine, he paused to remark : "Aye, man ! an' ye'd go an' bring that misfar- tune an' me wid yer minshin o' por—uk‚—pork, afther all I've done fur ye. Shure, didn't I make a wild, man- aiten kangaroo o' mesilf to shoot ye ; an' didn't I get sthuck in the—sthuok wid a noife for ye, an' yet ye'd do this to me ?" I felt the justice of his reproof, and turned quickly away, for I could not bear his outraged stare ; and besides, he was groping round to get a missile to throw at me, and, as he remarked, "put a sthop to me grinnin'." It was about this time, I think, that many of us began to have our attention drawn to a poor, sickly woman, who sometimes made her appearance on deck, leaning helplessly on the arm of her husband. I do not think the couple had any children—I never heard of them if they had—but a more miserable looking creature than that woman it would be hard to imagine. She appeared to be naturally of a deli- cate organism, tall and slender to attenuation, and such a confirmed victim of the most acute form of mal de mer that she never really got clear of it. "Our set" did not know her name, nor that of her husband ; so, to save trouble, Bauldy promptly christened her "The woman wi' the sair face," and by this name we continued to speak of her until well, until deep pity for her suffering hours, and her untimely death caused us to mention her with more respect. Alas, yes ! poor soul, we passed her over the side a few mornings before we reached Malta, and beheld her lifeless form disappear beneath the bright waves of the Mediterranean, to the sad music of the death bell. She died on the 5th day of July, ten days after leaving home, utterly worn out with the awful sufferings she had endured, and I think her sad end taught many of us not to be too ready to joke at every form of sea- sickness. The foregoing incident cast a deep gloom over the ship for many days. a gloom which not even the bright scenes through which we were passing could dissi- pate. Death is at all times very terrible, and the shadow of his wing must still be the harbinger of gloom ; but when he invades the domain of happi- ness and joy, and lays his cold grasp on one therein, hideous indeed does he then appear. We felt it so in our inmost heart, and as the ship sped away from the spot where we had seen that rigid form sink low, many a tear-dimmed eye was cast upon the lonely tomb, and many a choking sob was heard. "That's ane 'ill never return, ony way," uttered Bauldy, in a low, subdued voice. "Puir sowl ! I wish I had ne'er ca'd her "the woman wi' the sair face." Puir Bauldy's reason for calling her this had originated from the pain-drawn expression that was always on her face, and now we all re- gretted our flippancy as much as he did. For three more days we continued to glide on past lovely islands and sunny shores, and on the morning of the 8th July we steamed into the crowded harbour of the Island of Malta, and anchored under the guns that point their grim muzzles over her sea batteries. The little bay was fairly alive with boats, and so great was the rush of these small fry in our direction that for a time I thought they meant to board us, and carry us by storm. However, we soon found it was not so, and the sight of their merchandise-laden boats (bum- boats they are termed) quickly reassured us. I believe they sell everything in the harbour of Malta that ever was bought, bartered, or stolen in the commercial world; and, judging by the physiognomy of many of those brigand- like mer- chants, I would be inclined to think that most of their goods had been procured in the last-named way. Heavens ! but they are a low-browed, villainous-looking crowd of men, with their dark faces, and vicious eyes ; and the splendid English they would display when they wanted to swear. One of them sold "Jan Cannar" a suit of clothing —white drill—at 12s, in very plain English, and "Jan" having passed him down a sovereign to take his money out of it, he suddenly put out his oars, and raced away for the shore—had'nt suffi- cient English to hand up Jan's change. Of course we all laughed at Jan, for we thought, seeing we were not allowed ashore, that our Irish chum was completely choused out of his 8s. Our first officer saw the little transaction, and laughed too ; but ah ! none of us knew the daring spirit of that noble exile. In an instant Mr. John O'Connor was over the side, and had taken possession of a little boat, from which a young Maltese had just dived after a penny, and was pulling after the wily thief for all he was worth. It was a grand chase, and not a long one, as most stern-chases are said to be, and we watched it with eager interest to the finish. Of course the officer yelled at Jan to come back, but Jan had the "telescope at his blind eye"—how history will persist in repeating itself—and did not hear him, and his light shell soon ran aboard of the heavy-laden pirate. At first we thought the pirate was going to "show fight," for he half rose in the boat, and fingered an ugly-looking knife in his belt ; but a glance into Jan's mild countenance must have convinced him that such a course would be sinful. Then he stripped his ugly, yellow teeth, and laughed, so we knew by that it was all a joke on his part, and that he seriously meant to return with the money. Oh Lord ! yes, and John held out his hand (we could not hear his words, but felt sure they were mild and temperate), and the pirate gave him his money into it, and smiled. It was Jan's left hand got the cash, and after it closed on it his right came round with a sweep, and caught the pirate on the "lug," and he suddenly rolled over the side of his floating shop, and—and —er wet his feet. Then Jan took to his oars again, and picked up the little diver, who took kindly to a shilling for the liberties our friend had taken with his boat ; and so ended that little incident. All that evening and night we lay in the harbour, watching the novel sights of the place, and chatting familiarly with the boating parties who came out to lie on their oars near us, and hear the latest news from their native land. No one was permit- ted aboard, nor yet to go ashore, as fever was then prevalent on the island. But bless you ! late in the evening the surgeon found that this fever was not contagious—so far as saloon passengers were concerned—so he took as many of them ashore as wanted to go. Oh ! I suppose it was all right, no doubt. It must have been, you know—but all the same we marvelled exceedingly, and thought it wondrous strange. I was on deck when the boats returned ; it was then 2 a.m., and I fear some of those saloon people must have caught the fever, after all. Most of them were very shaky about the knees, and one, as he got on deck, remarked, casually, "Gosher'll, an' lemme get'r bed." They let him get to bed, but I didn't see any of them start for the other place. Early next morning steam was once more got up, and our bunkers being now filled up with coal, we again got under way. Many of our friends of the previous day had pulled out to bid us farewell, and this courtesy on the part of strangers touched us keenly. The gallant "Munster Fusileers"—an Irish regiment then on the island—got their splendid band afloat, and played us clear outside the breakwater, and we cheered back to the brave and kindly soldiers till our throats were sore. The last recognisable tune that reached us as we sped on from that "little military hotbed" was the dying wail of "Lochaber no More." But we are now upon the wide, unbroken sea once more, for Malta lies a mere speck far astern, and, like Lord Byron when he left it in the long ago, let us waft back our fare- well in his words— Adieu, ye joys of La Valette ; Adieu, sirocco, sun, and sweat ! (To be continued.) 