Puhluhed IJeery M'ednenlay and Saturday. ; iVEDXESDAY,. JAiWAIlT 7, 1S01. , We have received the revenue returns of tho colony for the month of, December, 1890, also the receipt* of tho Consolidated Revenue for the year 18»0, details of which nro given in another oolnmh. The receipts of the Consolidated ltcvcnuo for hist year amount to £'-ia,lio -J/fl, ns ngnlnst £GTT,(iS2 18/0 in 1889\. Tho receipts for . the year jnst ended show an incrciis'o of £18,1188 over tho Trea surer's estimate o£.^7»(i,51(i in August last, which is very gratifying in the jnco of the deficit which wns generally an tlcipnted. largo The Customs receipts, which wore consider nbly'Undcr the cVtiinate for'the first hnlf of tho year, amount- to - .C82!),0(18, or £(i,000 iiiuiu iiitiu liiu xiTjHBiiiui. Hcsumaie, :£o2i»,4bi}. The. inland revemie, estimated nt £\2r-,ti'M, ylehled ^131,013,- \vhilo'the Territorial- rove- ' nue amounts to £93,722, ngninst the estlmnto of £84,017. 'i'ho.grfntest and most satisfac tory increase of . nil is in the Property Tux, which is .due to the large amount of land taken up in connection with the We»t . Const Silver fields. No ' less thnn 72,000 ncres were applied for under ' the mineral lenses, the nnmuil rental being . £18,000— nearly hnlf the .revenue by tho properly tax in the colony. There enn be no doubt that the increases referred to above are mainly due to the AVcst Const Silver Fields, nnd we trust that they will be sti/llclent to induce tlio Govern ment to pay moro, attention to, the require ments of tho 'different districts in the, matter of ronds and railways thnn lms been, the onse In tho pnst. From the opinions expressed by experts from Vlctorln, South Australia nml others, 16 is not overstating the matter to sny thnt present prospects predict that tho West Const Silver Fields wilt lurn out to bo amongst tho lnrgest and most ynhmbla in the world. And, surely, with .present results vboforo, us' and a consensus, uf opinion by tii6su,qi|al(du|i. to oxprosB tlio ' wima hs to tliy 'f uluro of tho fields', it is npt asking too miioli, to clilf'tipon tlio Oovcmniont to provide, with nil, possible' speed, good means of ingress nnd .cgrcsa to tlio Zoohan nlid Uundns'nml Whyto Jtlvor. nnd Jlealowood liolds, in order 'to 'Hfwilfit liiid' encoiirago tlio, doveioj)i))pn}..bf \\\lo. Vji^t.djliijv teovpiles at tliosoipladed.iTlio nilntug in.^ujjjry,. 'of 'tho colony'hasi'iuost 'certainly boon tho cnusu of Uic rovonuo returns showing all increase instead of a ilcficit,and tho Ministry of tho day should see' that nothing is' loft iihilono to foster the industry to tho nlmont extent;'' ' '..' '\ ' '''' HpAD.TKUSTs.-^Tlio monthly mootlMg'Vf tho Tablo Capo ltond TruHt will .bo,hoid'nt Wynynrd, .to-day, and tho Emu Bay ijond Trust nt llurnto to- morrpw, Tlio !nt|tof meeting was ndjonrncil from inst' Thursdny owing to Its being Now.V cat's Day. t;] ' ;' ..'fTnB OoTonooN.'— OnNow Yeat's nlghfc ;the (Warntah Dramatic Club gave a poifoiir 'manoo'iu tho Town-hall, ? Dnrnle, dil rtldipf |tlm 'liew.Cntliollo Church,!' Tlio, hnlli;iwps '.crowded to' excess anil thoplctfc clio^on ^iit|: ?one. of the most successful of yi-liQ Into, j}(on; DouclcnuU's compositions, ff.-Tiio po(proot).'.* , This piece hns always been most popular, f», all parts of the world, as it is of a character that cannot fail .to.commnnd. tho sympnthlcn. of everyone, nnd besides it affonlB consider nblo scope for good acting, to. t)jo .Impersonators, of several of , tho lendl(ii; icharncters. Although. a complete reprpseii, tatiou of 'Tho., .Octoroon '' is inthpr. an :uiulei taking for. an. amateur . compaijyi to attempt, tho AVnratnh Dramatic Club aro to bo eoni|)]i'nTented foY'tlicir excellent rendition ::-d£f .the piece. The principal characters wero well pourtrayed, nnd nltliouglr nilowarie'es' hmV to'-be'%nilo-!for the absence of ' .some /jit, . ti)w iTpftfl'ffi. scencry-owing tb-.ihftKni9Jj'nJ«8.'*o'f . tho^tngo,j iha.v-niountingS .i*wo:'Wig« ?good,-.'and' ttTte Boypral, characters ^ero, acUnlrablyrif;lresjfel^ Special mention must bo made of itlie pisrfo^, jiminco of that clever' little .-chilli, iUen.si'.' piah, who, though only 8 years old, nsBuniod,'' the part of Paul, the yelloW'boy; iiV'nmnnnbr that left nothiiig to bo desired j and.. ]xjg'. doubt if it could bp suriiasscd by one so young. Hr. W. St. Clnir nlso deserves praise for lils.intciiiretntionof'thopart of Salem Seudder nnd for'tho ability displayed by him In thp.cnpnclty. of stage mnnngor. There.is no ocenssion to partlculnriso nny of tho other pcrformors us all acqalttml themseives well. There wore, of counc, de fects noticonble in posture, sllglily imperfect knowledge by Borne of their parts, and other, matters, but it will hardly bo considered, fair to submit an amateur company ito a soTero. criticism on. all those points, though perhaps it might bo tho means of 'rectifying some at present unknown imperfections. However, the performance passed off very well,, and was received by the crowded audfcnCG Witll mnrknil fnvmir nml fi-nnnm.t outbursts of applause The following was the icast of characters :— Paul, the yellow boy, Miss St. Clair, six yenis old ; Zoe (the Octoroon), Mrs. St. Clnir; Dornh, Jfw. Leonnnlj Mrs. Paton, Misses Hoot; Bmce, Dido, and Minino (slaves), Misses A. St. Clnir, H. Luke, ami K. Curmh j Siiiem Seudder, Jtn W. St. -Clntr; -Jacob M'Closky, Mr. Fookcs j Peta, Mr. Phil Whymnn j Sun nyside, Mr. J. lioot;. Le ; Fouche, Mr. SulJI-: van; George Pnton, Mr. A. Lucas; Indian^ OVnhnotee), Mr. P. Cogldnn i' Captain Itnts, Mr. J. lioot j Colonel 1'oindextcr, Mr;- E; Gohlsmlth ; Jides Thiboilcnux, Mr.It.Miller, Cnillon, Mr../!'.- Coghlnn-j. Jackson,, Mr. K. Selieel ; Clafrboriie^ Mri'A.'Gay ; Solon, Mr. \VhltehoH8o ; and several 'slave children.' Wo understand thnt tlio proceeds' of !'fiic performance amounted to about £80. cuuli mis i'ast.— tellx Tanner, the fasting man, completed his fast of 40 days and nights nt 4-80 p.m. on Saturday (says nil exelinnge). The end was very tamo, and was witnessed by a very lnijje nnilicnc'e. Tanner was iii bed, but did not look much out of the' common. There' were plenty among the audience whom one would, liave1 picked out as the starving man before Tanner im-l' ho r.reeu-wdlkihg ?' about. There' was' nothing gaunt Imbis cxpresslon.of fnco but about is body is whore ' tho ghost ' shows ((self. Ho wns offered a mug of chicken Ijroth, hut wns satisfied with nlmut two ounces of it,' 'litid thus the' fast' wi-s brok'dn j Qver 40,000 persons have pnid to see him' since he commenced his task. . Tanner lost 24}lb. since the beginning of his fust, whilo his pulse hnd gone down from !)(i to 04. His neck measurement wns loin., as against HJIn. originally,, while his bice ps were re duced from ll.Jin. to 0 iVGin, Goveiin-mext TEN-nBits.— Tho tender of W. Garner for the Cam and Soabrook— Calder rand, contract 24, at £90, hns been accepted. Tenders ' tmnsf erred — Chnrles , James Kenton, for contract 22, rpnds Cnm \ nmt Senbrook, road leading from Mount Hick's rond to Purnell's lots, gazetted May «, 18»0, to Herbert Crdsif,i.- ),,.., ''}'.] ':-; .UtTJt.viE Atmmstio SroAfe.— In oiirrb- ' port of tho above sportsVlleld on New 'Year's Day, wo omitted to state that by tho cour tesy of Mr. J. .W. Norton-Smith, the return excursion train to Wnratnh was deinyed until lmlf-piist I) p.m.;. also that Mr. W. Wlioclilon, of tho Commercial Hotel, very' generously entertained tlio members of the Bischoff Band, at tea, IIUMNII^ 'I'lim HniQApif.— A meeting ot tho. llurnlo, Flrp Hrlgndp .wns held at T, Wisomim'H liotul on .Mqndny Inst. The secre tary stated that subscriptions .were coming jn fairly well, It was decided to hold n poncert in nid of tho funds of tho fire brigndc pn Fobrnnry 25, .Other business of a routine character was, transacted nnd.- tho mooting adjourned. ti ' -\\\rYNyAiiD.4t-Our,:po»'i)spotidpnt wrote yes toiilny t— Matters aro vory quiet ngain af toi tlic holidays and thero Is nothing special to write about. .AVo.lmvo had. some splendid ruin during tho hist few days whloli will greatly bonollt' tho potato crops. -The bachelors of Wynyard Intotiil giving a ball to- tlio Indies In tho Town-hnll pn Moiidny, Jninmry 12, and it promises to bo very suc cessful, Mr, Ferguson. Is eeorotnry. The rumnrks coiilnincdiin ' llesldont's ' letter in your Inst Ibsho, with roforenco to tho ^'yiiynrd Post Olllce are g^bntimlly' endorsed, mid it is hoped tho publicity given, to the itamo will have tho effect of bringing about a much needed alteration in postal matters lipro, ' .'?' ' ' ...'... ;'.' I 'Weddino. — Yesterday morning -A.. K. .Chapman, S.M., ltcgistrar^of Marriages, por formed the first marringc Hint' 'lins 'been Isolpmn'lV.eil nt Dunilo by n rogi8trnr,'''fhc ihnppy couple wore Mr. Snmuol Ltnton and ;Miss Margaret Howclls Hooper, daughter of iJfr. George Hooper, J.P,, of Pinon'ood, Pine Hoad. There were n largo number .of persons iprcsont at tho ceremony',' after which Mr. ,G.eo. Grove, of 'Melbourne gave a ehort ndilress. Mr. and Mrs. Liriton, together with jthclr f riendu, .left for. tho residence .of Mr. /Pearson, of Stowport, where tho wedding lircakfast tookjil^ce. :' ' . -Fomoe Coubt.— At tho Burnie Police Court on Monday, before Messrs. A. K. Chap iman, S.M., and Mr. C. H. Hall, J.P., F. Ling, oft Penguin, and J, Alexander, of Uurulc, jVere cluirgcd with driving without lights on 'the night of .(..December 27. . Ling called JQenoml .Wilspn and, Mr, Sheriff as .witnesses, who stated thntith'ere'.wa.s clear moonlight n'C'tlic time, and the case was dismissed. The charge against J. Alexander was witlidmwn. ; — Samuel Bnrkor was charged with the larceny of a ring fn May last, the property of J. Summers. The accused called J. Buck inghnm to prove the finding of the ring by Darker nbout six weeks ago. The Bench dismissed the case, nt the same time remind ing Darker that he should have reported the finding of tho ring to the police within 48 hours, as by keeping it ho rendered himself liable to a heavy penalty.— James Sullivan, ohnrged with being drunk and disorderly on tho night of January 8, 'was fined 10/.; in ilcfault, Boven days' imprisonment. Tho fine nWpnid, CntOKET.— A meeting of persons intor Bstcil in the formation of a Workmen's Cricket Cinb' for Burnlo will bo held nt Wlicclitoh's Commercial jfotel, on Saturday next at 8 p.m. We hope to see a good muster, nnd a strong club formed, as the existence of- a second club hero will tend greatly to Improve tho game, by nrousiiig n healthy rivnlry amongst all the players. rosTPOJCEMKNT. — Elsewhere it is an nounced that the Burnie Primitive Methodist Sabbath School Anniversary, previously ad vertised for January 11, has boon postponed Until the' month of March. ? Ckbistmas GnEETlNOS.— From the oflices of tho ' Argus ' and ''.Australasian,' nnd tlio !' Ago', and ' Lender ' ' newspnpors we have received very neatly got up cards conveying greetings to, their fellow craftsmen, nnd tho (jqmplluicnts .of tlio jenson. We heartily |e-eeho,Uicpentimeiits.ofourbrothor workers wn|l wish.th.Qni^veriJiiSUoeos)'. ..,;.. ? j MATniouRATtDxKx.VMtNATioN-.— Among ^lioso.who successfully pnssed.tho recent Jrelbourne Mntriculntion Exnmfnntion- is Miss Teresa Hanlon, niece of Mr. J. Mylan, of Burnie, and a pupil of the Vaucluso Ladles' College, JRtclimonii-hiti, Melbourne. The mnfly'frlpnds of tjils;yonng lady iit Bnrnio1 will be pleased to hear of horsueeess. : UorATi Duamatio asd MusioAr, Cost paky.— On Pnturday night this company (pivo tholrlast performance' in Burnie ton v.ciy good audience. After a capital little' opmedy the various liiembers of the ;cpinpany tjrentcd'Hie niidien.ee to pome excellent songs, Sri.', anil the ?inimitable Tom lluckly aston fPh,c-.lt!li)S0 P/csent by his playing on different instruments, nml aUfmcs convulsed them by l(iscomichllties. Everyone present thoroughly enjoyed/tho entertainment, nnd were uiiahl-' moiis iii their approbation. The season of ftvo nights in Wnratah. cninmonMni, ™,' Boxing- Day, wns very successful, and good business was done. On Now Year's Night,' Mr.- Cnrlc, .the popular* manager, very generously gavo lialf tho grass- takings in aldi of the sports meeting hcltl that day. The' company left Burhlo on Monday, and per-' formed at Ulvprstono that 'night. To-night and to- morrow they ,,ill appear nt Latrobe, on Friday nt Deloraine, Westbuiy pn Sattir day, Longford, Evandalo, and other northern towns'to fpliovy. The compnny propose visiting this jiart of tho Coast in March, and williperforin at the various towns on race nights. Itis' jfr.'rCaiVs '.intention, in con junetlpui.wlth ,rfr._ Tom illicitly, to organise a first-class minstrel company in Melbourne after Master,. and- mnke an extended tour all over.Tasmaiiia. Tbkdeiis. — Tenders are invited by the Emu Bay. Ilond Trust up to 8 p.m. to-morrow for constructing a 'sea wall opposite Mr J w, Norton- Smith's residence, Burnie. Ktookand Siiaiik JHiokbii.— ;Wti' w'pnhl draw the attention of persons Interested In mining to tho advertisement appearing, in another column from Mr. ,A. A, ilowiinl, ? stock and shurobrokor, Pattorsoii-streot, Launcoston. Mr, Howard .Iuib Imd consldor-. i nblo experience in mining. in Tasmania, ami is a, member of tho Laiineoston Bxohango. Those wishing to Invest In stocks of any kind should cominmilcnta witli Mr. Hotvaiil, as ; tlioy can roly upon,-roeoivlng tho latest and most correct information regarding any shares, and have their purahnsc.1 made nt the lowest' ruling prices. Mr. Howard is tho , legal mnnngor of Bovcral.oompanlo3, nnd Is nlso n commission agent. West. Coast Silvbb FiBros.— On Mon day last.Messrs.. J.. W. Norton-Sinlth, 11, Qufggan, ami tlio.Iton. AVm. Mooro, M,L,O., travelled to Launooston, en rnutn toZechan, r/ff llobart. , They, expect to boawayauont 10|-tays.. The lion, tho Minister [of Lands and Work'), accompanied by, Mr. J. Klnolmm, Engiuccr-in- Ohtof, will lc.ivo , Hobart on Saturday f pr' Zeelmn. by steamor, and in all probability Mr. Pilllnger will return overland : to Wnrntnh, in order to seo tho Hcnclowood ; Wad. -..,.- ? i DENTiSTnY.— Mr. A.;J.-:'Hiill,' thoiwell- known mirgcori-doiitlst, of Lnnnce»t.-'niivill Visit Wamtah to-day' nnd to- indrrow and may bp consulted at Lawson's hotel. On Friday Mr, Hall may bo consulted nt M'Murrny's hotel, Wyriyard i on Saturday and ? Monday at Mrs. Kay's Hotel, Stanley j on -Tuesday next at T; Wiseman's hotel, Burnie, . after 1 p.m. j -on1 Wednesday next at Anthon's hotel, Penguin, from 11 to 11 j nnd nt Well's chemfst shop, Ulvcrstonc, tho same day, after 2 p.m. : . ? -: ? , , Fubhituke, BedDINO^ toj.^^-Tn ' another column Messrs, W. Coogiin and Co., of Bris bane- street, Launccston, call tho attention of tlio public to their vpry largo stock of superior furniture, ibedstoiids, 'bedding, &c;, which they state they sell cheaper than any .other^iouRo lii Tasmiinia. Messrs. W. Coogan 'and Co.'aro ablb by' tfi'o ifa'ciiltles afforded l-y their large works' to carry on tho mahufao turo of furniture, glass show-case, biBce -tittlngs, and bedding oh a considerable scale, under their own supervision; and being practical moifarb thoroughly conversant 'with all branches,' nnd therefore well quali fied to move with the times. A great advan tage to buyers is thnt a large quantity of turned wood nnd seasoned timber is always on hand in a dry condition, nnd a varied stock of made-up goods' fs kept on the pre mises for immediate delivery. Thus wcll sensoned articles can always be relied on. Wo refer. our renders to tho advertisement for further particulars. 