A TRUE (ilOST STORT. Some years ago Highbury Barn which has since developed into the Oock Hotel-was a favourite haunt of the wilder class of medical students, and one evening a party of students were assembled in the club.room for the purpose of having a jollification. In a very short time the liquor began to circulate freely, and every man told his yarn or sung his song. Various and fanciful were the yarns they told, and numerous were the subjects of their conversation. At length, that of courage was introduced, and, as is usually the case when liluor circulates, every man became a hero immediately. The number of dangers that they had passed through was truely marvellous. Presently a young wag named Williamson, who had up to that time been very reticent, rose and said: 'Look here, you fellows, in spite of your boasted courage, I am open to lay a wager of £5 that not one amongst you has the courage to go to the bone-house in the Highbury churchyard, bring a skull from there, and lay it upon this table!' There was a momentary silence, and then a young student. named Bertio Forde, said quietly: ' I'll take your wager, old man.' The wager was made, and the money staked, and Bertie started off on his way to the bone- house, which was about a mile distant. On arriving there, he opened the door and boldly entered. As he did so, he noticed a tall white thing standing motionless in the far corner, which made him feel inclined to beat a re treat, but he speedily recovered him self, and took up a skull. Then the white form moved a pace forward, and said, in a deep and hollow voice: ' That's my father's skull!' ' Well, then,' replied Bertie, as cool as a cucumber, 'if that be thy father's skull, take it;' and he laid it down and took up another. ' That's my mother's skull!' said the ghost, in more melancholy tones than before. ' Well, then, if that be thy mother's skull, take it!' So saying, Bertie laid that down, and took up a third. Thereupon the ghost, in a truly sepulchral tone of voice, exclaimed: 'That's my skull!' 'If it be the devil's skull, I'll have it !' cried our hero, and placing it under his arm, he rushed out and ran down the street, closely followed by the ghost. Dash ing into the room where his companions were waiting, he threw the skull on to the table, and him self into a chair, exclaiming, 'There's the skull you sent me for, but, by jove, the rightful owner's coming for it!' At that moment in stalked the ghost, and in the space of three >eecoads there only remained in the room Bertie Forde and the gentle man in white; the remainder of the students had rushed out of the house, fully persuaded that they had re ceived a visitation from the other world, as a punishment for the sacriligious theft committed by one of their number. Bursting into a fit of merriment, the ghost threw off the sheet which had enveloped him, and stood re vealed as Williamson, who had borrowed a sheet from the landlord, and, slipping away unnoticed, had hastened off to the bone-house by a short cut, arriving there in time to receive Bertie Ford in the manner described. 