A MDBDEE-ON THE EVE OF ST. JOHN. < A WEIRD GHOST STORY FROM SWITZERLAND. There is an excellent ghost story quite of the first class-in the July number of lUdckirooti. It is called the 44 Eve of St. John in a Deserted Chalet," and is told by Frank Cowper as a mar vellous experience through which be passed on a little plateau quite hidden from toe Lake of Geneva, but sufficiently near to ue visioie irom the hotel of Territet. If it be a genuine expe- rience, and not merely spun from the imagina tion of the writer, in which case, of course, it would lose all interest, it is impossible to deDy k<» nil. rVkimftr is riff ht in saving 44 it seemed as easy to explain it as a spiritual manifesta tion as to believe in so marvellously circum stantial a dream." «... The story is briefly as follows High in the hills around Bake Geneva, Frank Cowper, belated, found himself at midnight beside a mined chalet, on the Eve of St. J ohn. Cold, weary, and faint from loss of blood by a fall, he sought refuge within. There was a dank, horrible smell inside toe chalet, and the light which he had seen in toe window as he entered it disappeared. Groping in the darkness his foot kicked against a bundle, which he took to be a bundle of sticks or twigs. He sat down upon it and the twigs, or what he thought to be twigs, cracked and broke under his weight. Just as he was nodding off to sleep something cold grasped Ids band ' and held it as cold as ice ; — 44 A low, unearthly, far-away laugn — a laugh. 60 full of blood-curdling, heartless, cruel, mocking devilry, such as I never heard before, »nH j hope never to hear again, broke the dead silence. At the same time a shadow seemed to pass between me and the "pale tight which marked the other window." Aa he sat there with his hand fast as with paralysis, the twigs in the 6&ck; on which he was sitting crackled when he moved, and a pale phosphorescent glow, -which he had noticed on entering the .chalet, seemed brighter over the sadc than elsewhere. There was a great tub in tiim comer, a kind of tub which be had never Been before. He looked closer at the sack, and noticed what looked like three long twigs lying almost across it ; he looked closer still, and to his horror he saw they were the emaciated turners of what was almost a skeleton. Spring- ing up fa horror, his foot kicked the sack, and toe skull rolled out ou the floor. But there was worse to follow : — 44 1 started up, and would have rushed from the hut .... 4 Good heavens I what is that?' I gasped, aa, instead of stepping for ward, I «bfnnk back in greater horror. A . figure was entering the hut, A wizened de crepit figure staggering under a heavy lend. It. qq sound as it came fa. I could not see its face. The load on its back seexnedto be alive. It stirred and writhed asitlty-acroas toe shonlders of its bearer. The figure came close to .me. As it stepped .over, the each, the. same horrible, blood-curdling, ysuellow laugh or chuckle grated ou the silence. It paused end looked up. Can any words describe that face, the expression, I wonder ? Malignant, gratified hate, the cruel of a dangerous lunatic, owning and diabolical ; the ferocity of a brutal murderer, were all-in that awful face. The face of a man long dead, grinning, dry, black, and repulsive, tike the mommies in the morgue of the Hospice of St. Bernard. 44 The figure passed on. lit went towards the huge tub in the comer. The burden still con- vulnvely writhed at intervals. I now noticed, for the first time, that a vapour seemed to curl up aud float over the great caldron. The figure, with its still feebly moving burden, had reached the comer. Silently it came up to the tub. The burden twitched convulsively. There was a heave. The vapour seemed suddenly agi tated, aud the figure remained alone, intently watching toe interior of the tub. The vibrating of the huge vessel and the twisting vapour told of some frightful contortions within. But all was silent as the grave. I could stand it no longer. I rushed to the door."" Notwithstanding this terrible experience Mr. Cowper managed to return to the chalet and go to sleep, which says a great deal far toe strength of his nerves. When he awoke he remembered what he had seen, as if fa a hor rible dream, but fa tbe_ light of day he saw the ghastly hands and toe grinning akulL He went to examine the gigantic wooden vessel, and fa it he found' another skeleton. The head had fallen off, and was lying at the «"dn of aheap of mouldering bones. He hurried down .to toe lake and came upon two peasants, who, upon hearing that he had passed the night in the chalet, asked him if .he had seen a ghost. He asked them why the chalet .was left neglected. They told him that. itrhad once belonged to a fairlywell-to»do peasant , .. 44 The husband's fife was wretched. " The dowiticy was young, big,- brutal. - 'The husband wa s smalL. .old, v-arming. It , wag: when" - toe cattle had gone to the mountains. There was a very good path up there then. Tierroch and his'wifa had gone up to their chalet- with their cows. 4 It was ju9t such anight as last night and it was— why, it is the Feast-of jSt; 3ohn\to - day!' and the two peasants looked 'attach other and nodded significantly. Th edouthticr was eeen climbing, (he . mountain, path. He never was seen again. NorwerePidrrochor his wife ever heard of after. The chalet was minted a week Zster, but nothing was found. Tho huge tub was full of water as usual. For there was no water up there, and that made the ! past ire less ureful than it would have been. All the water far. the cattle had to be accumu late 1 fa that large tub, either from toe snow or the rain. All was fa fairly good order. A sackful of hay lay on the floor of the stall. The few covs "Pierroch possessed had all disap peared, and the door stood wide open. Nothing more was ever heard of any odo of the three. Since then the place bore an evil came. It was called the 4 Revenanls,' and no one ever went there now. Only on St. John's Eve a light was always seen." Clearly Mr. Frank Cowper should immedi ately place himself in communication with the Society far Psychical Research,. and if there be any truth in his narrative a picked body of psychical researches should spend the Eve of bt, John in that ruined chalet. 