[?] CHAPTER IX.— Continued. ' " Is there a God 1" Luttrell thought, a cold dew standing on his pallid face, '? and is it His angry voice I hear in the storm to-night 1 Is there a hell, and- is there a pit in all its horrors deep enough for me 1" . ' A paper lay at his feet ; ho picked it up, and glanced with a strange fas cination at one particular heading : — " Conclusion of the Trial of Lord Terence Tyrone for the Murder of Aileon O'Bourke — The Evidence — The Verdict — The Sentence.'' The letters swam in a blood-red mist before his hot eyes. Here and there he missed a word, a line, a whole para graph. The paper contained but a brief summary of the trial. His eyes went mechanically over the familiar lines. "Perhaps," said the paper, "within the memory of man our town has never been so convulsed with astonishment and horror as it has been by the late murder and subsequent arrest. The deceased, Aileen O'Rourke, was so well known, so universally beloved, so fair, so young, so full of promise, that her sad, untimely end has sent a thrill of grief and dismay to the coldest heart. The same may be said of the prisoner. High born, beloved by all who knew him — tho gentlest of human creatures — it seemed at first absolutely impossible to connect his name with that of murder. And yet he has been found guilty. # # "He entered the crowded court room to-day with his usual dauntless, haughty manner. He has grown ex tremely pale and thin, but his eagle eye glanced over the crowd with all the pride and fire of his proud and fiery race. ' Not guilty " he responded, in a voice that rang clear and high, and from the time he took his seat within the dock until tho time he was led away his face never betrayed one trace of any emotion whatever. Even when the verdict was returned not a muscle moved ; even when ho stood up and listened to the solemn sentence of death the marble-like rigidity of his face never altered. He bowed to the judge at its conclusion with the calm, courtly grace of a prince — the only un moved person in the whole assembly. Only once did ho betray any emotion — when the Lady Elvira do Lerma fell fainting from horscat — and even then it Was but momemtarv. As he was being led back to prison, ho turned to his friend, Sir William Capel, and held put his hand. "'Can you take it?' he said with a smile. ' It is the hand of a convicted felon. The Tyrones have gone to death' with " All is lost except honor " on their lips. With me, ail is lost, even honor. Farewell, William ! Don't come to see me ; only remember — -some day you will know I was inno cent I' "The evidence was purely circumstan- . stantial, but very, crushing, especially 'that of James Luttrell. We give a brief synoposis. \- "Testimony of James Luttrell : — '"I am an Englishman bybirth, an attorney by profession, and a resident by choice of this town for the past five years. I knew the deceased well ; she was my betrothed wife. We were to have been married in a month, with the consent and approval of her father. I loved her very dearly, but I have every reason to believe that she did not love me. Lord Terence Tyrone was long her lover — a fact well known ; — and I have it from her own lips that he more than once promised her mar riage. But from his first meeting with the Lady Elvira de Lerma ho ne glected Aileen. I pressed my suit — - she rejected it, and faded away to a shadow. Then came the news of the engagement of Lord Terence and the Lady Elvira. " ' It was I who told her, and she fell backwards — not fainting, but very near it — in her seat. Then she started wildly jip. " He will not — ho dare not !" she cried. " He could not be so. base a villain 1 I am to bo his wife — he has sworn it — and I — oh, what will become of mo if ho fails to keep his word ? " I pacified her as well as I could ; but she broke from me, and ran away in a hysterical state to her room. "'I did not see her again for some days. She shunned me persistently. One evening, a little before dusk, strolling' among the hills, I came near a spot called the Holy Well. There I espied the prisoner and the deceased conversing very earnestly. She seemed to be weeping, to be pleading pas sionately ; he soothing and reasoning with her. I heard nothing they said. I was angry and jealous, and quitted the place. About an hour after, as I stood alone near the cottage of O'Rourke, Aileen came rapidly along. Her face was pale, her eyes red j she seemod to have been weeping. I called her, and she stopped. I asked what Lord Terence had to say to her, and she answered me I should never know. I told her I loved her, and that I would endure this suspense no longer ; she must either say yes or no, now and for over.. She said yes with out a moment's hesitation. Her own words were : " I will marry you when ever you like." Then she left me and entered the cottage. I did not follow her that night. I came over next day, and all was arranged, we were to bo married in a month. She consented to everything I proposed, but she said little; she looked very gloomy in deed. " ' Business kept me so occupied during the next two days that I found no leisure to visit her. Early on the morning of the third day I started for the cottage, my way leading past the boundary stream, ft is a solitary spot, so that I was rather sur prised when I heard voices on the opposite bank. I looked across, ahd saw among the alders the figure of a man and a woman. I recognised the voice of Aileen, raised high and shrill at times — again broken and low. The words I could not catch. The man's face was hidden, but I felt positive it was Lord Terence. I could not oross the stream conveni ently to confront them; besides, 1 know what a fiery, reckless temper Lord Terence's was at times. I passed on my way very ill-pleased, determined to await Aileen at the cottage, and demand an explanation. I found O'Rourke in, and alone — ho did not know where his daughter was — said she had been gone over an hour. I waited, but she novor returned. As noon drew near I started up, deter mined to go in search of her. On my way I met O'Flanagan, the constable, and asked him to accompany me. I had a presentiment of some evil, I think. Wo went to the spot where I had seen them together, but they were not there. Just then we heard a soft cry or groan farther down ; we dashed through the trees, and tho first sight we saw was the prisoner bending over the body of the deceased. She was quite dead. He looked con founded, "stunned — I cannot describe his look. I taxed him with the murder at once, and his answer was to knock me down. O'Flanagan asked him to go to to the cottage and ap prise her father, whilst we bore the body home.' "O'Flanagan was called, and co- roboratcd the testimony of the last witness. " Being questioned as to why he had not told this at the inquest, Luttrell said he could not swear positively that the man he saw talking to her was Lord Terence Tyrone, he was only morally certain, until the discovery of his noto appointing the meeting placed the matter beyond doubt. " Testimony of Michael O'Rourke : — " ' Deceased was my daughter. Lord Terence Tyrone and she had been playmates from earliest childhood — lovers, I believe, in later years. I know iny daughter loved him, and I know that until the arrival of Lady Elvira he spent nearly half his time at my place. Thou he left off coming; and very soon wo heard ho was engaged to be married to the Spanish lady. My daughter took the news very much to heart ; she would not listen to tho proposals of Mr. Luttrell, who wished to make her his wife. On the day of her death she left the house about 9 o'clock in the morning, saying she was jgoing for a walk, T never saw her again until I saw her carried in dead. Luttrell came about half- past 10 or 11, and asked for her, waited awhile and then left, saying he would go in search of her. Lord Terence came about 2 o'clock, looking very pale and excited, and told me he had found Aileen drowned — her body floating in the boundary stream. Luttrell and O'Flan agan carried her home. Three weeks after the inquest, rummaging among her things, I found a note hidden away in her room, in the writing of the prisoner, appointing a meeting at the boundary stream at 10 o'clock. I can swear to the prisoner's handwriting — it was I who taught him to write. I am firmly convinced it was to that appointment she wont, and met her death. She was incapable of commit ting, suicide.' " Testimony of Dennis Tyrone: — " 1 My Cousin Terence and I parted early on tho morning of the 18th of November. Ho said he was going fishing, and I was occupied nearly all day with my uncle, the Earl of Lis- more, looking over accounts in his study. Tho prisoner quitted the castle about half-past nine. It would tako him fully half an hour to reach the boundary stream. I saw him next late in the afternoon ; he came home looking pale and wild, and told us he had discovered tho dead body of Aileen O'Rourke in tho boundary stream, whither he had gone to fish. He seemed very agitated, very excited, but I thought that natural; he and' Aileen had been old friends — lovers, perhaps, in a boy and girl way, in the past. The deceased loved him very passionately, I know. I also know she was intensely jealous, and once in my hearing threatened to go up to the castle and compel the Lady Elvira to resign all . right to her lover. " He was mine bofore ho was hers,' were her words; "he shall never marry her. I could break off the match to morrow if I diked." I thought tho words but the empty threats of ex citement at the time, and paid no attention to them. I do re member, half - laughingly, putting Terry on his guard, and he looked more seriously uneasy than I had thought it possible for him to look on such a matter. Lady Elvira was very proud— a whisper of infidelity and she would have broken with him at once. The witness knew his cousin's hand writing, Yes, this note was his, he could swear to it.' " As Mr. Dennis Tyrone . descended from the witness stand," said the paper, "the prisoner looked at him with a long, steady, reproachful gaze. " ' And thou, Brutus,' he said ; but Mr. Tyrone seemed very much affected, and shrank from that fixed look. "He hod given his evidence with the. utmost reluctance throughout. " The jury were gone some hours. The verdict was ' Guilty.' " When asked if he had any reason to show why sentence of death should not be pronounced upon him the pri soner answered, very pale, but very calm — " ' Only this, my lord, that I am innocent, and shall die condemned on circumstantial evidence, as many an innocent man has done before me. That noto is an arrant forgery. I never saw Aileen O'Rourke on that day, nor expected to see her, until I beheld her floating in the stream. I accuse Lut trell, the attorney, of gross perjury ; he never heard or saw mo talking to her on that day. She has been foully murdered, and may the heaven above confound her murderer, and avenge her cruel death. For me, I loved Aileen as a sister — I would have died sooner than harm a hair of her head.' "The judge arose, and solemnly pro nounced the sentence of death. On May 3 tho prisoner will be hanged in front of Lismore Gaol. The deepest sympathy is felt everywhere . for his noble father and the lovely lady so soon to have been his bride. The prisoner was universally beloved; strong men wept like children when he was borne away. The murder, the trial, and the impending doom, have thrown a deep gloom over the whole community." The paper dropped from the reader's hand. He bowed his face in his palms with a hollow groan. " Will I ever forget his face ?" he said huskily. " The look in his eyes, as he turned them upon me last, will haunt me to my dying days. And she, that last upward look, as she fell backward into the river. Oh, heaven, it will drive me mad 1" The clock struck 1. Before its one faint chime died away there came a low, cautious knock at the house door. Luttrell started to his feet. " 'Tis he !" he muttered. " I had forgotten him. Ah I among all the demons in Hades is there another half so deeply cursed as he ? — this second Iscariot, betraying with a kiss?" The knock was repeated. The Englishman arose, the candle in his shaking hand, and walked to the door. As he unlocked and threw it open a man, muffled in a great cloak and slouched hat, came in, dripping like a water dog. " At last, my man ! I give you my word I thought you had fallen asleep. A sound digestion and easy conscience always onsure speedy slumber. Beastly night it is ; but all the better for me. Come in out of this drafty passage, and let's sit comfortably down." Ho jerked the flaring dip out of the hand of the pallid attorney, and led the way, with long strides, into the cheerless room. He unbuttoned and flung back his great coat, threw his slouched hat aside, and stood revealed in the dull glow — Dennis Tyrone. " Your reception-room looks like yourself, dear friend, dull as the devil. Still, it's better than the c&idemned; cell in Lismore Gaol, with the gallows and the hangman in prospective. Ah, my beauteous, brilliant Lord Terry, how is it with you now ?'' He lay back in his chair, his legs, cased in waterproof top-boots, out stretched, his sallow face flushed, his light blue eyes gleaming with the cold light of sapphire stones. " Sit thee down, my James, and never look so pale. You'd do for the ghost in ' Hamlet,' without any pearl powder, only you're too hang-dog look ing for any honest ghost. Sit down, and don't look so like the first mur- derer in a tragedy, if you can help "I can't holp it," Luttrell cried, with a bitter groan. "I feel as though I were going mad. Listen to that storm, Dennis Tyrone. Look at that lightning ; is it not tho wrath of heaven on us for the double murder 1 done?" " My good fellow, speak for yourself, I've done no murder ; never mean to, if I can help it. A clever villain — and I pride myself upon being at the top of the profession — never breaks laws. Now, I don't say but that you are an artful scoundrel in the main ; but there .is so much of the blood hound ahd bull-dog in you by nature that ic will break out in spite of you. When you pitched your little Aileen, neck and crop, into the " " For heaven's sake, hush," Luttrell cried, in a voice of agony, starting to his feet ; " walls have ears. Hush, huSh, hush." " It was a weakness on your part I should never have judged you capable of. I'm compounding . a felony in concealing it, I don't deny ; but, then, it's an ill-wind that blows nobody good. I've saved your bull dog neck from the gallows, my worthy Mr. Luttrell, and fixed the crime on another man. You ought to be immeasurably grateful to me, in stead of glowering at me over the candle, like Faust at Mephistopheles." He lit a cigar as he spoke, and sent a puff of- smoke across into the face of his companion. That trodden worm looked gloomily at him. " Y ou are a deeper-dyed villain than I am, Dennis Tyrone," he said, "and as deeply dyed a murderer as I am, for you have made me swear an inno cent man's life away. He was your friend- — your benefactor — your kins man. How will you answer to God and man for this day's work ?" \ " The question of the Covenanter's widow," Dennis Tyrone responded, airly. " Well, I say, as Claverhouse said : ' I can answer it to man well enough, and I will take the Deity in my own hand. All, I always admired Claverhouse. But you, in the character of a censor, my cut throat frieqd, who'd have thought it? As to my friend, my benefactor, my kinsman, &c.;, I hate him simply because he is all these. Why was I not born to the purple instead of he? I'm the cleverest man far and away of the two. And he is all that stands be tween me and the coronet of Lismore. Is that not enough ? When I was a wretched little hanger-on — a fatherless and motherless well-born pauper — he was riding about the country like a prince, adored by high and low even then, while I held his stirrup leather, and picked out of the mud the guineas he threw me. Is that not enough? And, to-day, I lovo the woman he loves, and she flouts me, by Jove, almost as dead and gone Aileen fl< u ed you. Is tli at not enough ? He was rich and . handsome, and beloved, and my benefactor. I was poor and plain, and be loved by nobody, and the hanger-on of my lord and the. king's bounty. Was that not enough ? But I won't do as you thave done, my foolish Luttrell, drown the woman I worship. I mean to do better — make her marry me. And I shall have her, and her fortune, and the coronet of Lismore, when Lord Terry's boneB are bleached, and all that bright beauty she loves so dearly is dust and ashes." The words hissed out of his lips in the cloud of smoke. He had never taken the cigar from between his lips, and his blue-steel eyes gleamed with a fire bad to see. "You are the devil incarnate," Luttrell said, " and you have made a devil of me. Give me what you came here to give me, and let us part." " So I make a devil of you, do I ?" Dennis Tyrone laughed, good- humoredly. " You were but one re move from an angel before. Poor little Aileen. I didn't tell . you to drown her, did I?— a very foolish " Luttrell leaped from his chair, and made a clutch at his tormentor's throat. "By heavens, I'll strangle you where you sit. Take care, Dennis Tyrone ; it's n6t safe, I warn you — it's not safe." " So I see, you overgrown bully." He thrust his hand within his breast pocket, and pulled out a pistol. " Bah, you fool, go back to your seat, and cease ranting. How soon do you propose to quit Ireland ? " " Within the weok," sullenly- " That is well, and don't remain in England — the air of Great Britain is unwholesome for such as you. Cut to the colonies — New Zealand, the Cape, Natal, anywhere, anywhere, out of the world. ' Or, stay, suppose you try Yankee land — suppose you try for New Orleans." " Give me money,'' Luttrell said, with a 'Wolfish ' glare. " "I'll go any where." 