The twenty-third annual meeting of delegates from the British and Irish Co- operative Societies was inaugurated at Lincoln on Whit Monday, and the annual report indicates an amount of successful -progress which is in all re spects most remarkable. In twenty five years the annual business of the retail stores has increased from £4,000,000 to £28,000,000, and the number of members from 175,000 to 1,000,000. The wholesale society stores showed results even more sur prising. Their existence had hardly begun in 1866, but tho annual turn over now exceeds £10,000,000. Two of these stores paid in 1890 no less than £114,000 for tea duty alone. The chairman of the annual congress, Mr Acland, instanced the investment of more than £llO,OOO of co-operative earnings or profits from one district, in the Manchester Ship Canal. Such results indicate the magnitude of the operations carried on by co-operative societies. But they indicate also much more than that. These vast cooperative enterprises imply great savings of money to their members and also a great average improvement in the quality of the goods consumed. A further, and even more important result is their educational* tendency. Shareholders in these establishments, who all have more or less to do with the management, learn some of the conditions, and 'requirements, and risks of trade more fully and more thoroughly than they could in any other way. Then these stores, by confining themselves to cash trans actions, form a capital object lesson on the evils of habitual credit, and their influence in this re gard is felt, we are told, through out the retail trade of the United All this is, no doubt, excellent, and the chairman who had to announce success so splendid might have been excused, had he ignored any defects in the system which has produced such results. There are, however, matters for regret as well as for congratulation, and Mr Acland, no doubt wisely, refused to pass them by. The work hitherto done has been almost ■ wholly that of distribution. Without in any way disparaging this, it mu3t be borne . in mind that the early advocates of the co operative principle regarded dis tribution as only one, and perhaps the least" important development of it. They looked forward to a time when the bulk of British producing and manufacturing industry would be in the hands of co-operative societies. This hope has not been fulfilled. Trials in plenty have been made, some of which, for a while, promised well, but, after all, Mr Aclaxd had to admit the truth of the charge that co-operation had prospered in shop-keeping alone, and has done little or nothing in production or manufacture. It was once thought that the form of co-operation known as profit-sharing, would work the desired reform. There are a few grand examples of this, to some of which we have from time to time adverted at length, but these would seem to have been organised under exceptionally favorable circumstances; and, in view of all the facts, Mr Aoland’s judgment is that profit sharing is troublesome to "work, is liable, to the fatal suspicion of being adverse to the principles of trade-unionism, and, in some lines of industry, is inapplicable. He thinks that, for the present at least, and probably for a long time to come, profit- sharing will be a failure unless entered into with the concurrence and by the aid of managing capitalists. It has been suggested that the neces sary capital might be borrowed out of the surplus funds of distributive socie ties, but this does not find favor with him, as he fears that the necessary skill and experience would be lacking in the management, that there would be too much unskilful interference, too many jealousies, and too wide and indefinite a basis of executive authority. “ Human Nature,” says an able writer, "as well as the traditional course of British industry, svill, it is to be feared, have to he essentially changed before workmen either will consent to render to one of themselves the obedience a capitalist master can and must exact, or will submit to the indispensable abnegation of comfort for the collection of the fund which has to feed labor, and for the obstinate preservation of that fund.” It would seem, therefore, that any theory of productive co-operation which includes the abolition of the capitalist as a managing director, and would replace him by a com mune or little republic of wage workers, must, in the very nature of things, lead to failure. The co-operation which is most likely to meet all requirements is one be tween wage workers and capitalists, in which the conditions are so carefully prepared as to be absolutely equitable to both. And this, as it seems to us, is the lesson which experience teaches, and which we must learn before we shall make any real progress towards industrial harmony. No one will ven ture to say that satisfactory and equitable co-operation between capital and labor is impossible, and the difficulty of . adjusting its con ditions would probably disappear if it was once understood and admitted that it was the only alternative to a perpetual series of labor wars. At a time like the present, when the oppos ing camps of capital and labor are drawn up in battle array against each other, when both sides seem to contem plate war to the knife as a possible outcome of' the position, the most strenuous efforts should be made to indicate the lines on which a treaty of peace could be founded. And it is equally important that time and effort should not he lost by being spent in vaiu attempts to break a passage where human nature has declared “no thoroughfare.” The P.iriiamontary Standing Committee on Railways arrived in Ballarat last evening and sat at the City Hull, at 8 o’clock, for the purpose of taking evideuce respecting the proposed line from the Cattle Yards to Bon aliaw. The Bon. Mr Z*al presided. A number of leading citizens were examined as to their views concerning the advantages of the extension, a report of wh'ch will be found in another column. To-day the com mittee will drive over the route of the pro posed line, and subsequently th°y will take evidenco at the Town Hill, Sebastopol, relative to the starting of the Beene exten sion from the Cattle Yards. Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, yester day laid the memorial stoue of the tower in course of erection at St. Peter’s Church. Notwithstanding the threatening atate of the weather, there was a largo assemblage. The service on the occasion was an impres sive one, and an offertory taken up at the close realised £74 17s 9d, which will be devoted towards reducing the debt on the vicarage. The whole of the cost of the tower will be defrayed by Mr James Fry, who has also promised to donate _bells. Messrs Gilbert and Clegg are the architects for tile work, and Messrs J. aud J. Rnwsell are the contractors. It is ex pected the tower will cost fully £l3OO. A lepoit of yesterday's proceedings will be found elsewhere in The 6tar. The business transacted at the fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat Trades and Labor Council last evening was maiuly of a routine chamcter. It was resolved to withdraw the patronage of the council from an evening journal. Mr Clydesdale, of Seymour, late of Ballarat, complained by letter that the Lauds Department had refused to give him a selection of 200 acres of laud, although the local land board had recommended that his application be granted. Mr Clydesdale nntferstood that the land in qu n stion wonld fall into the hands of persons already hold iog extensive areas, ami he asked, that the council take st-*p3 to prevent the “ swallow ingjup ” if the lands of the colony by n few peg.ns. A 'eng dimension took place on the letter, and finally it was resolved to request the Parliamentary repnsentatives of Ballarat to bring the matter under the notice of the Minister of Lands. It was resolved that the council r* nder the chemists’ o-s’stants every sup port in their endeavor to obtain shorter hours. Several members referred to the letters that had been published iu the press by the Hon. James Service respecting the open conference question. The majority of the council favored the views of Mr Service. At 10 o’clock the council adjourned. To-day is the anniversary of the dec!ar,a tion of indepcmleiiue by America. In the fifties the day wns quite an institution in Ballarat. Amongst the diggers were many" Amciicans, and coaches aud other vehicles were decorated with stars uml stripes. Of late yvars, however, the demonstrations have not. been so pronounced. At the Town Police Court yesterday the presiding justices were Messrs Long and Morris. Mary Downes, a burly woman, aged 40 years, wss charged with threatening to kill her husband, J. VV. Downes, a man advanced in yearß. A second charge of assaulting Downes was preferred against the prisoner, who had been arrested by Con stable Wall. Downes stated that his wife was addicted to drink, and when elated she became pugilistic and nt times would chal lenge him to fight. He admitted that “ the missus” was too good for him ns far na sparring was concerned, and when lie was attacked he could not offer a defence as he suffered from paralysis and rheumatism. Prosecutor said he did not desire that the bench should punish hit wife, and lie would not press the charges if site promised to live with him on peaceublc terms. Mrs Downes, with tears in her eyes, said she sorry for all that hod .occurred, and .it ine bench would deal lenieutly with her she would sign the pledge. Messrs Long and Morris, as members of the Eechabite Order, said they were pleased at the prospect of reseiving another convert into the fold, and discharged the prisoner. Several inebriates having been dealt with, the court ad journed. It will be remembered that at the sittings of the Trades and Labor Congress, held at Ballarat, the thanks of the Congress were ordered to be convoyed to Chief Justice Higiiibotham, of Victoria, Cnief Justice Lilley, of Queensland, and Sir George Grey, of New Zealand, for their consistent ad vocacy of democratic and unionist prin ciples. Chief Justice Lilley has sent the following reply to Mr Wilson, secretary Bal larat Trades and Labor Council: '* Bris bane, 29th June, 1891.—Dear Sir,—l have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22ud May, conveying tn me the thanks of the Seventh Intercolonial Trades and Labor Congress. My reply bns been de- Iftyed unavoidably, but I hope not until too late to let them know my satisfaction that my efforts to advance the just claims of tho workers are considered by them as worthy ,»f remembrance. I believe that a better and brighter day is soon to come for the toiler * f overy order. The most hopeful advantage yet obtained, if wisely, temperately, and justly used, is the advance in legislation and power won by the labor party at late elec tions in New Zealand ami New South Wales. I am, yours respectfully, Charles Lillev. Mr John Wilson, secretary Intercolonial Trades and Labor Congress, Ballarat.” A woman named Jane Radford, aged 38 years,' died suddenly Iast night at her resi dence, Main road. The deceased was the wife of a miner, and had not been under medical treatment. It is supposed that death resulted from natural causes. An enquiry will he held to-day. We learn that a large representative meet ing was held in Melbourne yesterday after noon, when a .‘National Association was formed for the purpose of supporting a National party, it being thought that the political prospect in Victoria demands that all who aro interested in the welfare of the colony should siuk minor differences and unite to maintain law, order, and good go vernment, and secure fair legislation. The provisional committee comprises a number of well- known influential gentlemen. A lad named Philip Keogh was charged at the instance of William Mallen at the City Police Court yesterday with perjury. The charge arose out of evidence giveu by Keogh for the defence in a case heard at the last Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court at Ballarat, in which a boy named Augustine Phelan was charged with embrzzling Is of Malleu’s money, and consisted of the follow ing statements:—“ 1. I did not tell Mr Mullen that Jack had the monoy. 2. I did not hear Mr Mallen say he would go to the station for Jack. 3. Mrs Mallen did not say I should go to tile station and seo Jack and get him beck to clear myself, and that she would keep tho tea hot for ine. Mrs Mallen never spoke to me at all. 4. I know Jack Mallen. He did uot offer to go to the station with me. He did not go ns far as the middle of the road. 1 never sent little Jack Mallen back at all. Iu the kitchen I did not say I didn't know where the station was, and little Jack did not off-r to go and show me. I know the little boy in court, Jack Mallen. He never offered to go to the station with me. 5. 1 thought I was to take what I got for tips. I understood I was to get the wholo of tho yard mouey.” Mr Barrett ap peared for the prosecution, and Mr D. S. Wanliss for the defence. Formal evidence only was given, and the accused was com mitted for trial at the next criminal sessions of the Supreme Court at Ballarat, to be held on the Sih August-. Bail was fixed in ac cused’s own recognisance of £lOO, and two sureties of £5O each. This afternoon the Ballarat aud South Ballarat Football Club3 will try conclusions on the Etstern Oval. Supporters of both teams are confident of victory, so that an exciting contest may be expected. The last time tliesa clubs mot the game resulted in a draw. The Salvation Army cases occupied the attention of the magistrates at the City Police Court again yesterday. Mr E. P. Wynne, who appeared for the City Council, announced that the costs incurred in pre vious cases had been paid, aud these would, therefore, in pursuance of a promise made, be withdrawn. Mr Barrett said he supposed everything between the Council and tho Army was now settled. Mr Wynne said by no means; only these cases. The money was paid unconditionally further than as affected these cases. If Mr Barrett wanted the costs back he could have them, and the cases would be proceeded with, Mr Barrett remarked that if the mayor thought he was going to ride rough shod over the Army he w uid find out his mistake. The Army would march iB ac cordance with the resolution passed by the council. If lie thought he could put the the Army people iu gaol, let him try it. Fortunately' he o-uld not act without a resolution of the coaucil. The mayor (in an uudvrtone) —“ Can’t he; we’ll see about that.” The matter then dropped. Nominations for the Ballarat branch of the A.M.A. close to-night, ut the Trades’ Hall. A young woman named Mary Healey sued her husband, Thomas Healey, a middle aged man, for maintenance yesterday, at the City Police Court. Mr Barrett appeared for the plaintiff, aud Mr D. S. Wan lisa for the defnudant. The plaintiff stated that in Sep tember last the defendant left her. Here turned nu the Ist May, and asked her to live with him at Cohen's hotel, but she refused, as she was in service. During the whole of the time her husbaud was away be never sout her any money. Her husband, iu Sep tember, sold off the furniture, and gave her £1 10s out of the proceeds. Healey stated that, u fortnight before he sold the furni ture, his wife left the house, uud refused tn live there. He hail sent her £3 iu Decem ber, £1 in March, and £2 about two mouths ago. He married his wife out of charity, aud he was uot the father of the child she then had. Mr Cooper anuouuced that the bench considered neither party came into court with clean hands, hut they must think of tiie child. They therefore ordered plain tiff to pay 7s 6d per Week, with £1 fis costs, and to find one surety of £lO for his com pliance with the order. The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society meet to-day. Messrs C-wper, P.M., L»rd a»d Pear=e, J’s P., occupied the bench at the City Police Court yesterday. W. H. Major was fined £5 for leaving the door of his bar unlocked during prohibited hours. John Gargan was fined £2 for allowing a drunken man to re main on his licensed premises. He admitted the offeuc“, but stated that the man was a lodger, so he could not turn him out. S-veral other civil cases and a number of small debt cases were also dealt with. A farewell tea was last evening tendered tn the Rev. R. Tliwaites at Sc. Stephen’s Church, Clayton street. Mr Thwaites, who has labored in Ballarat East for some time in conjunction with Canon Mite Murray, leaves Ballarat shortly for Nhill. The tea, which was largely attended, was catered by- Mr M’Kenzie. After tea, an adjournment was made to the church, where a choral service was held, Canon Mac Murray pre siding. Addresses c -mplimenting Mr Tliwaites on the manner in which lie had' carried out his duties in connection with the church were delivered by Canons Mac Murray, Railcbffe, Flower, aud Mr J. Emliiing. - Mr Tliwaites thanked the speakers for the kind tilings said regarding him, and lie trusted that St. -Stephen’s Church would continue to prosper under the charge of Rev. Mr Siggers, M.A. During the evening St. Petet’s Church choir sang several anthems in an excellent manner, under the leadership of Mr Woolci-ck, with Miss Byers as organist. Mesdames Carter, Bean, and Clark, and Messrs Siirimpton and Woolcock also assisted in the musical part of the programme, and their effmta were much appreciated. The proceedings closed with the pronouncing of the beuedictiou. The expenses of tho local option party in connection with the recent poll in Ballarat amount to £lO2 s‘, towards which there is -in hand a sum of £7O. It is understood, however, that two well-known citizens, who are strong advocates of local option, will subscribe the balance necessary to meet the liabilities of the party. The Uren benefit concert, which is to be held at the Academy of Music on Tuesday next, promises to be a great success. Nearly one-half of the seats iu the dress circle have been reserved, ami the tickets for the other of the theatre are going off rapidly. As will be seen by our advertising columns, a number of leading vocalists will assist at the concert. Miss Thomas, of Sandhurst will appear for the first time iu this city! The young lady possesses an excellent voice. Miss Juliet Flegcltaub, who is a great favorite in local musical circles, will sing several popular solos, as will also Mrs Burrowes, Messrs J. Gladstone Wright, R» L. Nicholl, J. W. Burton, Slack, Woolcock, nud other singers well-known in Ballarat. Mr John Robson, J.P’., has also promised to assist at the concert, in conjunction with Messrs George Herbert, R.A.M., H. West, and a strong band of instrumentalists. Mr Dunn, M.Jj.A., has received the f«l -lowiog letter from the Post and Telegraph Department:—“ I have the honor to inform you that instructions have been issued for the despatch of an additional mail from Bal larat East to Geelong by train leaving at p.m., in accordance with the request pre ferred by yon. The extra service to take place on the 3rd ins*-.— W,. R. James, Acting Deputy Postmaster-Genoral.” The correspondence per R.M.S. Orient reached the Ballarat Post-office by train from Adelaide at 6.30 yesterday morning. .On Wednesday night the Cartirright- Nethersole Comedy Company will open a fortnight’s season, when “ Moths ” will be produced for the firßt and second nights. Of this adaptation of Ouida’a novel, the Age says* —** The version played is admirable in its way, the erotic flavor of the -original—the main inci dents and characters—being preserved and cleverly microscoped within the compasß of four acts.” Miss Nethersole takes the part of Vera Herbert, and dresses magnificently. The critics all praise her acting unreservedly, the Argus saying—“ Her perform nice was a triumph, and challenges unqualified praise; its artistic quality is felt to he the result of intelligent insight and deep sympathy.” Mr C. Cartwright.undertakes the role of Prince ZourofF —a part he createil 16 years ago, and has played it over 500 times since. “ The Idler” by C. Haddou Chambers, an Australian native, will hold the b-ards for the uext two nights. Of this piny Clement Scott, the first London dramatic critic, said —“ Henceforth this young Australian must be ranked among the fow leading living British dramatists.” The next comedy to be produced will be A. W. Pinero’s master piece, “The Profligate,” which will also be played for two days. It will be succeded by other comedies of » high clus3. The Ballarat Uarriorß will meet at the Gymnasium this afternoon at 3 o’clock, for the weekly run. It is the intention of the committee to givo trophies to the member obtaining the highest number of points during the season, both for the Friday and Saturday runs. Points will be given for to-day’s ruD. Mr Willetts, of the Elite studios, Sturt street, has just completed a number of well executed photographs of the Veil. Arch deacon Green, vicar of the Pro Cathedral. The pictures are splendid specimens of the art, possessing artistic merit and graceful pose. The mission at St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill, wub continued yesterday. Etch service was conducted by the Rev. Mr Grubb. The rev. gentleman and his band of Christian workers agreed to unite with ministers of all the churches for two services in the Assembly Room of the Alfred Hall on Monday next, Mr Grnbb has been eminently successful in other places and is accompanied by six assistants, including David, a negro convert. Messrs Brokenshire and Coltman held a most successful sale of freehold building allotments yesterday, when they disposed ol the 25 allotments at the Msg- Pleasant. The attendance was large and the whole of the allotments were disposed of and realised from 9s 6d to 25s per foot. The annual social of the Ironworkers’ Assistants' Union will be held at M’Keuzie’a rooms thiß evening. At tiro entertainment in the Dana street schoolroom last everting, iu aid of the Band of Hope Union, Mr J. J. Brokenshire re minded the audience of the concert to take place next week for the benefit of Mr Urett. The speaker referred to the long service of 25 years iu the temperance cause by Mr ami Mrs Ureu, and paid a high tribute to Mrs Uren’s willingness to assist in every good cause. Mr W. H-. Judo,’the popttlar song writer, gave the last of a series of three most en j 'yable concerts last night in the Mechanics’ Institute. There was a good attendance, and the audience were justly liberal with their applause. Probate to the will of the late Mr Simon Hamburger was on Thursday last granted to The Trustees Executors and Agency Com pany, Limited, of which Mr William Little is the Ballarat agent, and MrLeonCraw cour, son-in- law of deceased. The estate was swore at £3728. At the annual celebration of the Battle of the Boyne, in connection with the Loyal Orange institution, the Hon. Simon Fraser, M. W.G.M., is to take the chair. Ar rangements have bpcii made for a large gathering, and a splendid programme has been prepared. Mr Kline has the catering iu hand, and will be at his best. The annual service will he in the Academy of Music on Sunday afternoon, 12th July, nt 3 o'clock; preacher. Dr Porter, and Rev. C. Lancaster in the chair. Hymns will be provided, and the singing led by the Dawson street Baptist choir. The sale of gifts in connection with the Eyre atreot Primitive Methodist Church was brought to a close last evening, whan most of the goods were disposed of, the result be’ng satisfactory. Mr L. Whyte, formerly head teacher of the Redan State school, and now promoted to the charge of the Creswick school, was yesterday presented by the pupils and teachers of his old school with an illminated address and a haudsome marble clock. Oar Sebastopol correspondent, writing last night, says;—“ln connection with the visit of the Railway Standing Committee to Sebastopol on Saturday morning for the pur po-e of taking evidence in favor of the cen tral line from the Cattle Yards to Beeac, it is requested that gentlemen interested iuthe construction of the line atteud at the local Town Hall at 11 n.m. for the purpose of advocating the desirability of the ptoposed extension.” On Thursday evening laßt a meeting (writes a correspondent) was held at Scots burn to make arrangements for the opening of tho new hall. Mr S. Oxenhmn was voted to the chair. It was decided to celebrate th« event with a grand concert and ball. The best available talent of Ballarat, includ ing Mrs Bean, Mrs Beaumont, and Messrs I R. L. Nichoil and A. Slack, have kindly offered to assist. Tiie committee are sparing neither time nor expense to make the affair a gigantic success, and the prices of admis sion are within the reach of all. Further particulars will be duly advertised. Our Creswick correspondent, writing on Friday, says:—“ The smartest shower of rain we have had here for the season oc curred between 3 and 4 o’clock this after noon. A football match, Holy Ghost College (Ballarat) v Creswick Grammar School, was proceeding at the time, but it would, of course, take more than a heavy shower to stop a boys’ football match. The game resulted in a draw, 1 goal each, the Creswick goal being disputed.”" The Australi m Mutual Provident Society, the only colonial office which divides profits yearly, has again completed annual issue, and we learu from Mr T. W. Clark, the district secretary, that the cash bonus divided (£467,535), and which yields » reversionary bonus of £967.000, shows a larger rate on premiums received during the year than has ever before been allotted. A conspicuous example of the utility of manures in connection with agricultural operations (3.iys the Argus) has been brought under the notice of the Secretary of Agr*' culture. Mr T. Whelan, of Childers, re cently sowed onions in a specially prepared plot of ground, and obtained a yield ol nearly 11 tons to the acre, the onions being of prime quality. Same unprepared p|° 13 only yielded five tons to the acre, but they wore not absolutely without manure, ns the ground had some time previously received* dressing. Mr Whelan’s land is a patch o volcanic country. ;It has a chocolate srn> j and withont the aid of manure it could 00“ , grow onions ut all. He has achieved sinm- s larly good results in the production of m aß " | golds by the aid of ehemical manures. S The Premier has caused copies of the ;■ official report of the National Federal C vention recently held in Sydney to he m warded to the various branches of Australian Natives’ Association through tho colony, and has received comiiiuiiic* 11011 referring in highly eulogistic terms to tabors of that body. , | The Prahran branch of the Austral 11 * 11 I Natives’Association (s Wednesday evening, when the resign l * llo , f of Major Hoad as president of the h rfil1 ® i| was received. During the discussion it * alleged chat pressure find been luouali | bear on the president by the defence autno tieilii tahste him to resign the position, tai reference wee made to some of the- garrison j artillery at Quecnsciiff having withdrawn from -the local branch for the same reason. The agitation by the Kilmore Dairy Com panjTlor the use of the local gaol buildings as a butter factory has beet* successful. The police have received notice to quit the gael and haud the building over to the dairy «etttpany. It is announced that Alexander the First, the' ynnng King of Servia, will shortly pay a vieit to the Czar at Moscow. 