THE STORYTELLER. MRS. ARKELL'S BURGLAR Br A.M. It happened a few months ago that a pretty stone villa, long untenanted, was taken l>y two ladies. The house stood in fairly large grounds, and was commr""-.! remote from the otner dwellings in a not overcrowded suburb. Mrs. Arkell, who had taken the house, was a young widow, and hrr companion "Aunt Hannah," though austere and formidable in appearance, was much respected by her niece, and invaluable to her in -possessing a nose which scented the slightest irregularity in drains, and an eaele eye for discovering flaws of every description, bhe smifed, spied, and pondered over Rose, villa, and finally decided that of all the numerous places they had looked at this one was fittest to live in. The neighbours, as neighl»ours do. mani fesfced cariosity tempered with caution to wards the new arrivals. Some noticed with growing approval many signs of affluence in their surroundings. One, Mrs. Jones, could restrain her curiosity no longer, and. while the newcomers were yet in the midst of unpacking and arranging furniture, up the freshly gravelled drive she strode, and rang with confident hand the bell. " Not at home, Jane," said Mrs. Arkell to the maid who brought the visitor's card, and her tones were so clear and penetrating that they readied the alert ears of Mrs. Jones. "Oh, ma'am, she'll hear you," Jane said, with a snigger and a blush—the latter for her mistress's sins. Whether from a feeling of confusion or indifference, Mrs. Arkell's only response was to hum a little tune, and, breaking off, inquired if the picture she was hanging looked straight Though Jane, with the utmost good feeling, tried to make amends for her mistress's discourtesy by adroit apo logies and excuses, Mrs. Jones would have none of it, but flounced out from the house and never more returned. But this little incident is a digression, and has nothing to do with the story except that, for her sins, we suppose, Mrs. Arkell dreamed that night, strange, weird, dreadful dreams, tortured by visions, each one more terrible than the other. She dreamed of being alone in a dark room with a corpse, then in a haunted house, always alone, and the awful sound of ghostly feet followed wherev er she walked. Half waking, half sleeping, she struggled to release herself from the horrible spell/ and at last all her waking force was Bpent in one supreme effort^ arid she awoke, nerves quivering, and stiff lips formed into a cry .though no sound issued therefrom save repressed breathing. She was conscious of being awake, and in her own bed, but the honor of her dream was upon her, and her imagination excited to the highest pitch. It was only a dream, she told herself feebly, yet did not due to more her limbs from their cramped position or open her eyes for the fearof what she might see. She felt the misty noiseless darkness surrounding her, and knew it must be some hours yet from dawn, as the trains had ceased running. She would have given anything to have heard the reassuring whistle of "the engine and ' the thunder of the train rushing past, to make quite sure that she wasin the land of mortals, for this poor Mrs. Arkell had a childish but very teal tenor of ghosts, llutfoirall that she had been brought up by good Presbyterian parents, and the teachings ot iter youth came back to her at times like these. Tremblingly she sought to exqreise the evil spirits by saying her prayers, and when she came to the ena of ber petitions Iwthought her of the Shorter Catechism. , Rather rusty she found herself here, and po her mind lapsed hack, despite these pious efforts, to her preceding terrors. t I Now. just across the hall was Aunt 1 Hannah's bedroom, and there she lay a rock of strength, tooth muscular and moral; no fooliBh dreams disturbed her peaceful slumbers. Now, for the first time, Mary Arkell had real cause for alapii; for tnere fell upon her ear the sound: of footseps, muffled and stealthy, passing her very door. The diningroom door.creakea, rind something fell with a ringingsound. She knew it »o be a tray which stood upright on the sulelward, and had often fallen with a; slight move ment A clumsy spint sureljh Her brain teemed with a new idea. This,was no ghost, but a burglar. When Mrs. Arkell reahsed this she- gave long breath of rehef. am ^t up in bed, most truly alarmed; bnt a super stations fancies vanished, and all tin <>«[> sound common sense which usuull> ms ii guislied herwaeonoempre mascendniic). 1 ney were three unprotected women,and she knew that if she wakened either her; aunt 01 Jane suddenly the probability was that the) «ould scream at the awful idea of a burglar, rinTdid not intend that the men should escape if she could help it So 8]'6;. a minute ago was afraidto move her 'If. hair-breadth in the dark. was onto Wm' twinkling, and noiselesslyjurncd ti e key or her door, which opened, info the nan. Then,eeiriing a fur cloak wbicMw.at the of the bed,*he threw iton, was-out of tbewmdow, and with taire i km the gravel jwth_be^ath.toou^> ^ excitement Bhe hardly fait tod pw , ^ l»y the rough stones. Fervenib ■he nogjj that the policeman who .1 :f ,)0t ■ of the suburb might he within call. t)ie 1 ghe must go for assistance one oi ' neighbouring houses. .. „,L_ sudden A little icy wind was blowing in Igusts just the sort Of |mpe^t.breae ! which makes it hard to l f* 'the some one had takenpurpose, hedge's shelter, evidentlyfor The gentleman wore a light ck»J ,)i9 evening dress. Mrs. Arkeii riould see .... white shirt-front, for he was facing her flB she opened the gate,and,seeing him, with one swift bound reached his side; "Will you help mef she said breathlessly, " There are ■uHwiiiM in the house. Oh, be quick, call -' r the AIU;U|iciipi swift bound reached hi's side; help mef she said breathlessly, burglars in tlie house. Oh, be quiun, a policeman or go to the house over the rood," -Now takesuddenly.srieed upon by a young woman in strange garb and with fallmgliwb to have pipe aha matches dashed from ones hands, ana this to oocur to a harmless youtn on his way-howftom Ooreroment-liou™ I. and stthis untoward hour,might be«»* —— — dismay with utovhe b " A thousand pardons, he ot tiiink trie very Btopidi I passed i •< y0u "®u nearly a mile fromhere; it is no tlieH^Xr him, but if yon will accept use ;,,ink I can manage the thieves, my 81(1 there?" he asked, as he fob ^I'heup the path. , JoVeti 11 1 thought there must be two, as | ,Mr'l iSd whisperings. When her com followed her tlirough the window rt1?"™ the darkness of the room,she re ftud "do t j ker nervousness and hot • embered that in ne £ whftt pIan of baste ^euh^d "ing to pursue. 44 They must 8Ction It in through the back window "she haf if is sometimes leftunlocked. Then, saj4' d 8 key out of the door, she.asked him 1iirough and see what they weredoing, grS door was directly opposite the dining roo'";. v aecm to be having a. jolly good I nretty cool hands," he said, with the "inimf a laugh. " Oneman is sitting on Te1&rinkmg;?rom ^bottle, and there is •nntlier. but I can t see him. ftn«Doryou think they willfletdrunk?" " Well, tl SftS captured. AS 11 IS now, uuyr wv iwu tlie «p I wonder if the scoundrels have got ' Do yOU Hliun. ."w ..... 1 Wei), that would be rather lucky, if you don't mind the expense. They would be all ooaiprcantured. as it is now, they are two j to one-. - i ^"AHour jewellers" and money is locked up v "she whispered, pointing to where if stood on ft table;44 but all the silver is in the, dl?^iCy will be too drunk to think of any- j thins elk I should Bay it was quite safe in here Anyway, they must walk over my dead *#<£ don'tsay that." breathed Mrs. Arkell. She was sitting on the floor, wrapping the pnds of her fur mantle round her cold bare Set "You must not.putyourself m necd dancer. What should I do if you were !!? Vre'' The moonlight streaming into the room showed him looking thoughtfully dowfup011 her, while he stroked his dark moustache. "It was Providence, she whispered,that sent you to my aid, for hardly anyone passes here at night time. You had jjcen to some entertainment, had you not f " I was on my way home from Government house and it was lucky that I had decided to walk irom the station, instead of going in j a cab with the other fellows. You must have thought me an awful idiot when you spoke to rue. but not expecting to see you—that ja-of course, ah—not expecting to see any one." .... * <IT She looked at him in some surprise. I am sure you did not, but what we must think of is how are these men to be captured." "I have been thinking," he replied.44 They trill of course go out by the same window as they came in." She nodded. 44 My plan is to hide in a corner near this window, where I get a splendid slap at the first one." She shud dered. " The other, taken by surprise, and both drnnk, I nag them easily. But I must wait till they are finished supper, and when tbey are packing the swag slip out In the meantime," looking at her solicitously, 44you trill be 6at'er in the next room with the old— with your aunt, and just leave the rogues to me." " You don't consider your own safety," she Biid, a little unsteadily. 44 Would it not be better for me to summon other assistance?" " You do not trust me," lie whispered in a hurt tone." 41 Oh yes ; but it is not fair—as you said yourself, two to one, and j ou have no weapon, Lave you ?" He shook his head. "I have a rifle hanging in the back verandah. I could easily slip round and load it for you. I should not be very long." Looking anxiously by the pale light, she saw that his face brightened, and something like relief passed over his features. " But slie,"demurred,44 it is too much risk for you. Stay here and let me go for the rifle." But no, Mrs. Arkell would not hear of it. 44 If I am left in this room alone, I shall die of fright," she said. She had told him how she dreaded her aunt awaking, and had shivered when lie 6poke of flooring the burglars with his fist, but she seemed to have recovered from those qualms, and was now all feverish eagerness j to^get the murderous weapon. ' I shouldn't wonder," said the yonng man, as they stood beside the window, 44 but that they are the same gang who robbed my uncle's house in Toorak last week. They took ail the plate, ami, as these are doing, helped tliem seyes to supper. Hut it' you will go," and his toice expressed solicitude, " it must lie at booi ''^ "V are sure 4o making a move I will try and be quick, but it will take o„ii.S0."tle t° l°ftd," she answered as he gallantly assisted her out of the window, and his hue moraeut s',e looked seurcbingly into Ab Boon 08 Mrs. Arkell had disappeared, SrT'ylftid hands on her jewebbox, an<i coumm i10!.'iajVe-doubted the young man's and uitk . hini turn the key of flie door into tui i0n? shadow of hesitancy walk "ito the burglars presence. looking1,"!I!^a8 haafly strapping an innocent-1 Point of tt?ght!anteUU' evidenUy on the oorewiimln^!" 8ajdthe other, who was 44 Voi!wila"iiCnipjedw'th tt bottle, courteousb V.,l!irtacct«nPlice retorted dis seas whiio'w. ?u ave me *° do the busi think I wis 8it sw,P'nB here. Did you I tell vou the h",g ^ act watch-dog all night? mea18«Parms. Here,give when thet11^1?"^011^ herr growled Bill., rushed out ** ?*¥ how the girl haii j planning to «» '■and ^ow h® had been j t#'«l»tyminutes aimate m for 41x0 hwt e'amjob "and it«Lcholce,?)er? ®ecan8e I like ® shoulders and l U8e 1 v® Bot a head on my liwedear' 8,188 8 P«tty little pet her rifle wm,JU8f •0i.t ?.,e 4,1 ia niinute to Wooniing bmina o«ru?. Wow y<Jur you'd hSmli ?i ^hy, if It wusnt for you'd h»w t„f1 ^rVy» " rt waan't for 1 ye got mow • whole business. S&i; tSi a romantic side to "®| tickled i)v'tbo^nfd the wine in Kvthe compicL tr,^fV6in ^ and 'lettered >r«l, lie tl o..iWlnpa8 which he had ^riy the !■ himself smart enough tou^f'tdy's gratitudp6 4ur4^er, and, relying ^ uli"WwitW d ' ®ven promised hiito j'latucier. ]{e nf ^^Btng his gentlemanly tlm j80"16 pickinvH fI it ie oJd iafly niight ^ door wiintw, l'w room* l>ut tnuns tb^6*1 he found iH ?tu,rohrous sounds ' .roolsof ilt 'ocked, so, not having 2^ to K M1"1' ^,e was perforce apart cuhb3',l0 uu^hlmself1!0'1 "f'6048 no 0PP®r Sfcd8" «® h^ d«rwemiud °f ke!lh i8towed awav on 9 lew trifles, tun«;p8ake- He w^A Pookete bar, way fei 4hat hehis oo 4,i,ntll(r room tilt Arkell before he could recover his wits his hands were seised from behind by a giant's grasp, and a cold circle was smartly adjusted round his wrists. He plunged and struggled desperately to free himself, but only hia feet were free, and these were ignominiously taken from under him by one dexterous sweep of the police mans sturdy leg, who crowned his achieve ment by Bitting on the now prostrate body of his captive. ' "Are sou sure you've got him?" Mrs. . I ®kid> with tears of nervousness run ning down ber face. " Oh, yes, I've got him safe enough. The thing is can you identify him, mum?7' The policeman was brimming over with complacency, for this capture was a feather 1ti mstain; • , Sbe lighted a candle and looked down on her fallen hem. 'I' am quite sure of him now; I never forget a face." man was young, not more than twenty five,and a good-looking fellow, too. " That's a dam lie," he said, defiantly. I'll swear you never set eyes on me be fore." "Don't Bivear," she replied, sternly. "I saw you yesterday morning, when you were good enough to bring me a cup of coffee and spill it over my dress." " The devil 1" said he. And here I might end the history of this eveutful night, only that it remains for me to tell how Mrs. Arkell discovered the bur glar. Sudden qualms had risen in her mind while conversing with her unknown friend. Certain phrases and the tones of his voice had made her uneasy, and when she caught glimpses of his features in the moonlight they seemed not unfamiliar. Though shaking with terror at the situation in which she found herself, she managed to retain her presence of mind, and, after racking lier brains, the pretext of going for the rifle came to her as a means of escape, and also fitted into his plans, as he was as anxious to get rid of her as she was of him. In the full light of the moon, as lie helped her through the window, she recognised him as a waiter in a Collins-street restaurant on whom her atten tion had been concentrated the preceding day by the incident she had mentioned. Some people have their wits sharpened by extreme peril, and it was so with Mrs. Arkell. Re cognising that all their safety rested on her activity and promptness of action, her first act was to sneak cautiously round to the diningroom window, where, through a chink in the blind, she could see the two men, and, in spite of her suspicions, her knees snook, and she could hardly repress a scream, when she saw the door open and their accomplice, the man to whom she had looked for protec tion, enter the room. Then she waited no longer, hut, swift as a deer, sped down to the road. To her joy she saw the welcome figure of the policeman approaching. So they managed to enter the room and effect the capture of one thief, though the others were by that time safely off with their booty. With so manv clues and the valuable evi dence of Mrs! Arkell, the police without mncli difficulty discovered the already sus pected haunt of the gang, especially as the man already captured was induced to turn Queen's evidence. Before the week was over Aunt Hannah received her jewel - l>ox hack safe and sound, and though their silver was never more seen, having been comsigned to the smelting-pot, she ceased to mourn and forgot to scold. 