LADIES' G0SSIP. The newest invention for the convenience of hunting women (says the Home Nexus) is a leather case which fastens to the off pommel, and contains a long drinking flask to hold claret, sherry and water, or cold tea. At the top is a watch, with the dial facing the rider, so that the rider can time a run at a glance and without delay. The wristlet watches have been found inconvenient and dangerous for hunting wear. When (asks "Marjorie," in Woman) will American society women see that they are becoming the laughing stocks of Europe? "Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt, not content with playing at Society Queen, has actually had made by a London jeweller an exact imitation of the English Crown, and wears it at the opera in New York. Then, for second rate occasions, she wears a discarded crown of a German princess—bought secondhand. Perhaps the best known pearl necklace in London is that of the Countess Tolstoi, wife of Mr. Philip Stanhope, M.P. The stones are not only large and perfect in shape, but nearly black in color, a peculiarity which is by reason of its rarity exceptionally valuable. The Baroness Henry de Worms, wife of the Under- Secretary for the Colonies, also has a notable necklace—this one of diamonds. There will presently be in the field a new competitor (says the London correspondent of the Liver- pool Post), the contest being the more interest- ing since the newcomer is a connection by marriage of the Baroness de Worms. The necklace is not new, though it has not been seen in London drawing rooms for some years. It was the property of the late Countess of Orkney, and was a present to her from her first husband, Baron de Samuel, a peer of Portugal. The necklace is in three rows, and contains in all 190 pearls, many of large size. The Countess left the necklace to her son, Mr. Arthur de Vahl, and Mrs. de Vahl will in the coming season be the envied wearer of the priceless "ropes." A new idea in jewellery is the imitation of grapes, both green and purple, in sardonyx subjected to different degrees of heat until they take on the different hues of the green and ripe fruit. In a recent number of the Figaro appeared an article in which the personalities of the four Présidentes who have reigned at the Elysée within the last twenty years are compared one with another. The writer, while giving the palm to the Duchesse de Magenta, testifies considerable admiration for Mdme. Carnot, who, he says realises very happily the type of a democratic Présidente—well bred, extremely intelligent, eminently charitable, a home- loving, large-hearted woman, occupying her high position with combined dignity and sym- plicity. Mdme. Carnot, by the way, will not be the recipient of the Pope's "Golden Rose" this year—nor, for that matter, will anyone. Molle, Julie Gouraud, who created a school of literature for young girls in Paris, has died at the age of 82. She was for the last 25 years editress of the Journal des Jeunes Personnes, a rather cleverly-managed paper, considering the kind of literature which young girls in France are condemned to. The Journal des Jeunes Personnes was worth a large fortune to the persons who founded it, and continues to be in regard to dividends on the crest of a high wave. There was no St. Valentine's Day this year —except in the calendar. The number of valentines posted in London last year was not more than 320,000, whereas a few years ago the number was close upon 3,000,000, The figures this year will certainly show a further decrease. Even the Daily Telegraph dropped its cus- tomary "leader," and printed a small para- graph confession to the effect that "for the exchange of amorous emblems Valentine is completely played out." "The world," says the Telegraph, "is becoming too serious for the ridiculous, and too careful for the extravagant presents which formerly were in vogue." Per- haps. The following fashion "scraps" may be of interest:—Shorter dresses are to be worn next season than any that have been in vogue for some time. Shoes, however, will be much more worn than boots. In evening dress the latest novelties are silver and gold (kid) slippers. The gold shoe is made perfectly plain, with a tiny rose or shamrock in paste placed by way of ornament at the toe. It is worn with gold-colored silk stockings. The silver shoe is worn with silver grey silk stockings. Bead embroideries and even fine cord and braiding are giving place in a measure to spikes and facets of jet and steel, gold and amber. Evening bodices are to be laced at the back. As the season advances (says the Queen) the Catogan style of hairdressing will be the dominant one among smart women. Soft loops and curled ends of hair will droop towards the nape of the neck. According to the New York press society in that wonderful city has a very ingenious lady in its midst, by name Mrs. Mary Lowell (or, as the emotional journalist prefers to call her, the "Electric Star.") Mrs. Lowell, it seems, lately turned her love for electrical engineering to practical account. She was without a ser- vant, and determined to try whether she could not light the kitchen fire by means of a tame flash of elestrisity, so to speak, and then let it burn up before she got up herself. She fitted up wires to and from her bedhead to the kitchen grate, thus completing an electric current with the aid of a small battery, and all that then remained to be done was to so ''build" the fire that the materials should more easily ignite. The wires were connected by a piece of platinum, and round this there was loosely wrapped what firework makers call "lightning-paper." Over this again was strewn some tissue paper, upon it pieced a wheel of firewood, and on the latter, the coal. At seven in the morning, when the fire had to be lit, the current was sent by Mrs. Lowell through the wires. The platinum lit the lightning paper, then the tissue, the tissue the firewood, and the firewood the coal. When Mrs. Lowell descended to the kitchen the kettle was boiling and the place comfortably warm. The lady (says our technical contempo- rary Iron) thinks she has done quite some- thing towards the solution of the servant girl question, with which housekeepers in America are more troubled than some of us here have any idea of. Blue is the color which has made the most recent advance into popular favor, and which will hold high place throughout the year. The newest distinctions as to shade have been taken from the Orders of the Garter and St. Patrick. A dark rich tone, deeper than royal and brighter than navy, is called garter- blue, from the ribbon which the knights of that "most noble" order wear across their shoulders. A paler tint is called St. Patrick blue, from the ribbon of the "most illustrious" Irish order. Throughout the letters in the memoirs of Fanny Kemble (Mrs. Butler) are to be found emphatic complaints !n regard to the maid- servants of America, and these are enforced by still more strongly-worded comments and interpolated notes. The following is the mildest example of these strictures:— "The servants in Philadelphia are of the lowest class of ignorant Irish, having never before they came to America seen the inside of any more civilised house than their own mud hovels; and immediately find situations as cooks, or housemaids, or nursemaids (for all of which they are as well qualified as for coach- men, grooms, or gardeners) at ten shillings a week (the lowest wages given), and quite as often at fifteen and twenty. A great many Germans (also of the lowest class) come; but they have to encounter the difficulty of not speaking or understanding English, which, of course, gives the Irish an advantage over them. The influx of this sturdy, robust Euro- pean flesh and blood tells advantageously on the third generation of the feebler and less physically healthy Americans, with whom they intermarry." Mrs. Butler constantly expresses her great admiration for the American type of beauty, and on one occasion she amuses herself by an attempt to give us its genesis:—"American is the direct descendant of Irish beauty; the lovely hair, teeth, eyes, and complexion of Erin's daughters transplanted across the Atlantic, derive, in the second or third gene- ration, from change of climate and diet, and various other favorable influences a character of refinement (as well as intermarriage with Americans), which is not Irish; the features become sharper, the figure lighter, the hands and feet smaller, and the whole result is that delicate and brilliant beauty, remarkable alike for elegance of fatal and vividness of color, by which the American women are distinguished." A GOOD GHOST STORY. "A curious circumstance, which only came to my knowledge" (says Mrs. Butler) "several years after my residence in this house, in Rittenhouse-square, seems to me to possess sufficiently the qualities of a good ghost story to worth preserving." "The house was so constructed that a room, half-way between the ground floor and the story immediately above it, commanded the flight of stairs leading to the latter, and the whole landing or passage on which the rooms on that floor opened. These rooms were my bed and dressing room, the drawing rooms and dining room being under them, on the ground floor." "One evening that my maid was sitting in the room from which she could see the whole of the staircase and upper landing she saw the door of my bedroom open, and an elderly woman in a flannel dressing gown, with a bon- net on her head and a candle in her hand come out, walk the whole length of the passage, and return again into the bedroom, shutting the door after her. My maid knew that I was in the drawing-room below in my usual black velvet evening dress; moreover, the person she had seen bore no resemblance either in figure or face to me or to any member of my house- hold, which consisted of three young servant women beside herself, and a negro man servant. My maid was a remarkably courageous and reasonable person, and, though very much startled (for she went directly upstairs and found no one in the rooms), she kept her counsel, and mentioned the circum- stance to nobody, though, as she told me after wards, she was so afraid lest I should have a similar visitation, that she was strongly tempted to aak Dr. W—'s advice as to the propriety of mentioning her experience to me. She refrained from doing so, however, and some time after, as she was sitting in the dusk in the same room, the manservant came in to light the gas and made her start, observing which he said—'Why, lors, Miss Ellen, you jump as if you had seen a ghost.' In spite of her late experience Ellen very gravely replied —'Nonsense, William, how can you talk such stuff? You don't believe in such things as ghosts, do you?' 'Well,' he said, 'I don't know just so sure what to say to that, seeing it's very well known there was a ghost in this house.' 'Pshaw!' said Ellen, 'Whose ghost?' 'Well, poor Mrs. R—'s ghost, it's very well known, walks about this house, and no great wonder, either, seeing how miserably she lived and died here.' To Ellen's persistent expres- sions of contemptuous incredulity, he went on, 'Well, Miss Ellen, all I can say is, several girls (i.e., maid servants) have left this house on account of it,' and there the conversation ended. Some days after this, Ellen, coming into the drawing-room to speak to me, stopped abruptly at the door, and stood there having suddenly recognised in a por- trait immediately opposite to it, and which was that of the dead mistress of the house, the face of the person she had seen come out of my bedroom. I think this is a very tidy ghost story, and I am bound to add, as a proper commentary on it, that I have never inhabited a house which affected me with a sense of such intolerable melanoholy gloominess as this, without any assignable reason whatever, either in its situation or any of its conditions. My maid, to the present day, persists in every detail (and without the slightest variation) of this experience of hers, absolutely rejecting my explanation of it, that she had heard, without paying any particular attention to it, some talk among the other servants about the ghost in the house, which had remained unconsciously to herself in her memory, and reproduced itself in this morbid nervous effect of her imagination." 