8IFTIHGS. Big insolvencies in Melbourne. ' Rtvorton docs tho double shufllo. Chfoe lMr mawCfe of 100 Christiana itf Cblua givea friendly expressions toward ' CTmriey hoars '.his triumph xrirtfcstify , . Eaf Lyttoff dietl snu'dly of heart disbOso at Parfs on Tacsdiy. Ton Garrett is physically dead. Politi cally, ho died somo years ng«>. Tno latest scltouic of tho Salvation Army ia that of insurance for its members. Tenders for additions toUmiui Schnol of rtfr'arb invited up to 14th Decemlwr. Mr. Andrew Lang lias andertnken to edit a now illustrated edition of Scott's Novola in forty-ofght volmncd. Tho Victorians meet the English team tor a thrco day's mutch on Friday (to-day), Saturday and Mon<lay. Last iVtfefe " Rivcrton " had a hud timo nt tho Royal. T'-Mlay his former tradncors hang thoir heads. Mr. James White's famous racehorse and racing siro Cheater died at Kirklmm stud fann on Saturday last. Mr. John Dillon, M.P., in a violent epefeoh at Mitchollatown threatened a resort to force. Tho saddling paddock is "way up!" No allusion meant to tho right h&ud; top oornor going in. The application of Goo. Hattanbh, for license tor thinning at Chiltern timber reserve bus boon approved. Judgo Lynch's court must bo a good deal liko tho proceedings at tlio hearing of a protest at ft country raco mooting ! A man named Cyprien Ralcski, who has jasfc died at Bordeaux, is supposed to havo attained tbo enormous ago of 112 year?. ' Mr. and Mrs. H. Hay, of Collcodina, contemplate a summer trip to Now Zea land and will probably start in ft few days. A roar from tho knowing ones greeted ft stumblo at tho second hurdlo from homo, but it did'b como off. : Tlio Hurdlo Raco was real fun. A lot of monoy was lost. Every hurdlo ns it was approached was backed against ono of tno riuarfi. Dick Thompson says ho squeezod a win out of Simplicity, but could rnnko nothing of Lancor. Lancer couldn't mako him out oither. Silvoy'a voico was wandering round tho courso liko a ghost. It's not liko n raco day without Silvoy. Ho was thoro, but ho wasn't " all thoro. "Tom Fits," ono of tho pencillors, says this is a vory toft courso. Unsuccessful backora havo n suspicion that Fitz was a bit too porsonal. Georgo Oakos rodo gallantly and woll, bat Snip was a littlo fractious, and requited careful managomont, or moro could havo boon got out of him. Mr. A. H. Boyd, stipendiary magistrate at Franklin, Tasmania, and lost command ant of Port Arthur, was killed last Monday by a fell from his horso. District Court sittings will bo hold nt Corowa on tho undermentioned dates for tho year 1892. Friday, January 29 ; Fri day, Juno 17 ; and. Friday October 21, Mr. J O' Grady, of Rockbarton, Bather- glen, is at present on a holiday tour to tbe Atoms country iu the neighbourhood of Bright. Mr. Federli accompanies him. It Is notified that the salo of an annual loose of 57 acres parish of Corowa county Home, whioh waa to take place on Is December, has been postponed to tho 15tht use. A man desired to presont Phillip Calt&n; with a brick house last Monday, but( when the first brick had stavod in Phil's xtbs ho refused to tako delivery of the rest of the house. Goorgo Frasor mado a start and a good impression in Corowu. Davo Thomson went out tor a holiday, hut got into har ness, helping a struggling brothor, straight away. Dr. and Mrs. Carroll of Wangaratts, formerly of Corowa. havo been visiting old frionds during tbe wook. The Doctor Is looking well, and his magolfloent baritone voico wRb never heard to greater advan ce understand that His Honour, tho Chief Justice, has appointed Mr. Edward Wilson, solicitor, Corowa, to be a commis sioner for taking affidavits tor Now South Wales, Mr. Wilson is also qualified to tako affidavits la the Snpremo Court ot Victoria. Tho "books" had a good timo. Jas. Roach, one of thofratornity from Numurkali who has a " steady lionost stool bluo eye," says it was " a phenomenal meoting tor tho layors of odds." That was just after ho had. takon Ida brothor-layer's 20 to 1 against Blvorton in tho Trophy I Tha Border Brass Band is not vot dead. Its members played selections of music vory .creditably indeed at. tho .School of Arts bazaar. Thoro is still the nuclous of a very oxcollont band, and it' has to bo said of tho bass instrumentalists that novor boforo in tho history of ,tho band havo thoy boon so offoctivo. . ! Tha health of tho Bishon of Sodor and Man was thon drnnk.- -Daffy Paper. Ales for tlio day that Mortlmor Gnmvlllo " Bawallfl— the day » that aro now no moro— . When a head must bo Masoned aa bard as an anvil, \- . If it didn't end on tho floors- When drink woro snoh a> a man oonld swim In ( Wo bonnaot now on a different plan, And inatJw1 of arinUoff to Wino aqd Yfomea . —Pan Vail fladfrt. A San Franoi&oo; physician has boon frightening pooplo out of their habit of holding coins botwoon thoir lips whon gotting into tramcars, Ac. ."Did you ever think a moment," says tlio dread ful doctor, "whero a coin may havo boon boforo it got into your mouth, or to what uno It was put? I have known of many instances in which coins havo' boon used to closo tho eyes of doad loprous Chinaman. Bright as it is, monoy carries upon its faco tho gorm of many a disoaso whioh is com municated to tlio people." ; > 