The Man With a Box, Who was tbo man with tlio box ! For tho thoutaiidlh timo did Doctor Cullnmoro nsk himself this question ; for tho thousandth time did ho ponder over tho grim conun drum, till it seemed like a speotre haunting him continually. Bleeping or waking, nn apparition was over by bis side, demnnding now mournfully, no'V sternly, ' Who am 1 1 And this apparition was tbe man with tbe box. If tbo man was a mystery, the box was none tbo less one. From long gazing at it, tbo doctor had oome to regard it ao a kind of hideous, all-knowing demon, whioh might opon its lips and tell all, but could not bo mado to. But this waa only fancy, for tho box, ad it Btood on the doctor's table, was an ordin ary little casket of mahogany, with some signs of an Kaatern origin, perhaps, in its curious carving, but to a casual glance a mere commonplace wooden box with a lock und key. Yet a glanco at this box was enough to bring to Dootor CoMamore's mind thoughts of all that was dark, mysterious and un canny. The dootor sits before it now, gazing over it at tho lurid sunset gradually dying into grey. He holds tho koy of tho casket in hia fingers, as ho has so many times before in tho InBt fivo years, but ho docs not opon the box; bo never has opened it. He is listen ing to a young girl, who leans her pale, lovely faco against his shoulder as she speaks to him in a low voice. 'It is a strange, dark box, Uncle Frederick mending there so grim and black between us and tho bright 6ky.' The dootor starts. ' Are yon thinking of the box, Adrienno ?' 'I think of it often. I remember the night, fivo years ago, when it came to tho bouse. I remembor that when I saw it first, standing on your table, my heart sank, I know not why, with a presentiment of impending misfortune, Tho next night,' and her voice sank to a whisper, ' I hoard that Malcolm bad disappeared — that he had been robbed — mnrderod.' ' Malcolm ? Do you still think of him V ' Could I forget 2' ' But Arthur WcBton 1' ?' Ah, Arthur Weston I My dear unolo— my dear guardian — I aiuot tell you. Arthur Weston has asked me to become his wife. To-night he is to have my answer.' 'And it will be?' 'The bos eayono.' ' Must you obey the box ?' 'It not only oommands me — it impels me. Ever sinoo it has been here it seems to say to mo: ' Adrienne, I hold within me the secrets of your future life ; I am your destiny, and I am here to watch over yon and guard you from evils you know not of, and dangers that you cannot see.' Oh, uncle, this seems fanciful to )on, who know the history of the box, but to me it is very real.' ' AlaB, I know no more ol its history than you. To me it Bpeaks only of horror, violence and orime. But tell me, does it ever say anything elae to you?' ' Yes. At times when I have pondered long over the paat it seems to say to me: 1 Hope, Adrienne, hope I In good time I will open my lips; the sorrowful shall be made happy— the dead come baok to life. Hope I'' Tbe doctor drew her closer to him. 'My obild, the time bas como when you muet know what I have never told to anyone — the story of how I came by the box. To night I do what I nover have done — with Ibis key I open the box. I look there for a revelation of terror ond crime. If it have for you any message of hope and love, Heaven grant that you may receivo it. Listen,' he said : 'Five years ago I heard that my brother, whom I had not Been for some yeara, had died, leaving you, his only daughter, an orphan, dependent upon my care. I arranged tlmtyou ehould make my house your homo, und one evening — fivo years ago to- night — while I was away to fulfil a professional en gagement, you arrived. Wlien I returned you wero here. I learned also during my ubaenco young Mulcolm DougliiB hod called upon you with his friend Arthur WcBton. TheEO two young men, you told me, had re turned from India not long beforo, whero they hod made their futuces. I learned ulso that Mdlcolra vras an accepted lover. 11 1 was ouuo more nailed out, and it was late at tight when I started for homo again on foot. Ab 1 plod.ied on, thinking of tho ohang'.a which would come from your living among us, and for tho happincEs I hoped for you in the husband I had nover seen, I was recalled to myself by noises, lights and shouting. Looking about mo, balf dazed I found myself in tho middle of theBtreot; a cnb drawn by two horses was beating down upon me rapidly. Tho driver, vainly trying to chock tho animals, was calling to me. I wns bewildered, and stood still till tbo borees were almost upon ino ; in an instant I shou'd have been knocked down whon I waa matched to ono eido just as tho wheela of the cab grazed my clothing. ' I looked up at my rescuer. His olothes wore torn and muddy, and I distinctly remembered afterwards that stains of— of— something red— wero on his hands. ' ' My dear sir, how oan I thank yon enough for your courage V I aaid, ''It was nothiug — nothing at all,' he replied. ' ' Hut you havo saved my life at tho risk of your own. Let mo at least know who you are, so that I may have the opportunity of being of use to you somo time.' ''If you want to servo mo, now is the time,' he said. Tako this box. My 1'fn wonld bo in danger wtro it found upon mo. ? ' ' Then I will tako it,' I said. ' He placed the box in my band's, saying : ' ' Swear to me that you will never lot anyono else got possession of it; that yon will never reveal how it oanse into yonr possession, and that you will never open it. I may call upon yon any time for it ; if I havo not done so by fivo years from to-night I absolve you from yonr oath j you may open tho box ond tell the story of receiving it from mo. Do you awear to do this ?' ' ' I swoar.' 11 ' Then bore is the box and a key. You may Bee mo again soon, or you may never Beeme. Farewell I' ' Whin I reached home and thought over thiB adventure calmly, it did not take long to conclude that there was more of the comio than the tragia about it. So I put the box away, and soon all thought of it was drivon from my mind by tho startling events which had happoncd at this time. ' Malcolm Douglas had disappeared. Ho bad drawn all bis money, amounting to ten thousand pounds, from tbo bank, and if tbo sea had swallowod him up he could not havo disappeared moro totally, his money with him. Ab time went on and nothing was heard of him, the police took up tho matter. Murder and robbery was their theory, and they made a fow arreBts. Nothing came of them, however, till suspicion tell upon tbo Hindoo servant, Kara Nin. A man had been found who had seen Malcolm that night in a lonely part of tho city near tho wharves , tho man also stated that Malcolm seemed to be followed by a small dark man— giving a very good description of Kara Nin, But Arthur Weston stepped in bnd nflirmed that Kaia Nin had been with him that night at tbo time when Malcolm had been seen near tho wharves. This alibi upBot the oaso against tbe servant, and tho polico gavo up tho search in despair, and Kara Nin soon after disappeared. 'Thusitseemod that tho disappearance of Malcolm Douglas was to bo an unsolved mysterv; but it was then that dark visions began to rise up betoro me, and the almost forgotten box beganto tako on tho sinister look it has ever sinoo worn. Tho breathless hurry of tbe man with tho box, his anxiety I to rid himself of the incriminating burdon; tbo very words ho used about it ; tho solemn I oaths ho mado mo tako— nothing could uoeai I leBB oomio or insignificant than thia, when I came to think of it, in oonceotion with tho disappearance of Malcolm Douglas. I have often started up in tho dead of night and .aorae to tho box with tho koy in my hand, determined to open it and see what it con tained ; but my arm has always been stayed not by my oath, but by my feeling that tha time had not yet ooruo— that tbo cccrct ol the box was not to bo forced from it. But I bave always felt, nevertheless, tbat not a Kura Nin, nor the polios, but the box, did havo looked within its broaht, tho secret of tbo dieapponrnnce of Malcolm Douglas. 'And now the timo has oome; to-night tbe livo yeara are passed ; I am absolved from my oath. I havo told you tho story ot the box, so far as I know it; now I open it, and if it has any secrets it must give them UD.' 'The red sunset had almost faded now, and left tho box standing out blackly against the dead grey oky. Tho girl raised her head and gazed earnestly at the casket. Then Bho arose. [' I will leave you, Uoolo Frederiok,' sho said, ' to opon tho box. I know now what you must havo suffered through all these years with this knowledge, I, too, have Buffered ; but to mo tbo box has spoken words of comfcrt and hope; and to- night I feel that its propheeieo are soon to bo ful filled. I must go now ; Arthur Weston iB waiting for me.' ' I fear hia visit will bo short, poor fellow I But if tho box contains anything of import ance, I will tell you. Now that tho timo has really oome I foci very muoh agitated ; I can hardly bring myself to opon tho box, But I will try hard to pluck up courage.' The dootor lighted a wax tuper and set it on tho table next to tbe box. Then he took tbo koy, which was fastened to a small crimson ribbon, and put it in tho koy hole. Ab ho did so a flood of memories rushed over him. A shudder passed through the doe tor'e frame ; he turned tho key and slowly lifted the lid. Tho light was dim ; tho doo tor raised his eyes, and looking at the win. dow he eaw a sight whioh at first turned his blood cold. A face was pressed against tbe pane ; a face that ho knew, with bright eyes staring at him inetntly. Before him the dootor saw tbo box, opon at laBt; beyond the box, ho saw tho never forgotten faco ot that night in tho street five veors before ; tho face of the man with tho box I It was but for a moment that the dootor wbb paralysed. Ho Bprang to tbo window, opened it, and assured himself that tho faco was not a moro vision, by grasping tho body convulsively. With superhuman onergy ho dragged the man into the room and Btood before him with uplifted arms. ' At last I at laBt I' ho cried ; ' the time has oomo I Whether you are a man or devil you must yield up to mo tho seoret of Mal colm Douglas 1' ' I will do so,' answered the man, in a calm, dear voico, ' It ia for that that I havo como here. Close tho window and sit down. I see you havo opened the box. HI had not oome you might have guesBed from that tbe seoret of Malcolm DougloB.' ' 1 knew it 1' murmured the doctor, Bink ing into a chair. 'I oould havo sworn tbat Malcolm Douglas's fate wbb known to yon and the box I' 'I will make my story Bhort,' continued tho man. 'To begin at the beginning: Malcolm Douglas and Arthur Weston re turned from India comparatively rioh men. They bad made their fortunos together, but had divided them beforo they left India. They paEsed through Enrope on their way homo. Their stay there would have been longer had not Douglas discovered that Weston was becoming a viotim to gambling. He was much alarmed for his friend and hurried him homo. 'But it was too late; for ono night not long after their arrival here, Weston informed him that ho had already lost almost all his fortnno over the gaming table. He followed this with a rf queat for a large loan. Doug Iob went to tho bank and drew out all his money to help his friend; and in doing this he rushed to hia doom. 11 What good oould a loan do an already ruined man ? Tho money must be hiB some how. When tho guilty idea first atruok WeBton's mind I do not Know. Onoo there, it grow rapidly, for Weaton had suddenly come to have anothar reason for wishing to havo Douglas out of the way— the hatred of a rival in love. ' The resolve onoe formed, an instrument was readily found. A ferocious Hindoo Bsrvant, conversant with means of killing unfamiliar to us— ready for greed or for mere bioodtbiratineea to stranglo anyone such a person waa Kara Nin ; a tool ready to tbe hand of Weston. 'There is one oiroiirustance whioh fastens indubitably upon Weston tho guilt ot this orime. When Kara Nin, through some accident, was observed and suspected, he called upon his mauler to perjure himself in order to Bavo him. And through fear of betrayal Weston did this, doubtless with in conceivable loathing, lor he bed no cause to love Kara Nin.' 'Fnr tho Hindoo had not brought Doug las's money. Woeton thought ho Imd stolen it ; at any rate ho followed Ih3 Hindoo with hiB vongeancc, and somo timo later attemp ted to havo him dono away with ; tbua grati fying a grudgo and getting rid of a dangerouu occomplico at the samo time. But I bulievo ho failed, and if ao thero will bo war between Wcoton and Kara Nin.' 'But this is not all,' exolaimed the doo tor, as the man paused, ' thia ia nothing. Who are you, what ot the box and what really waa Malcolm Dougloa's fate ?' Tho man sat for a long time leaning his faco on his hand. At last bo spoke : 'Is your niece hero?' 'Yes.' 'Will you take mo to her J' 11 Doctor Collamoro rose, and the man followed him into tho drawing room. Arthur Weston was there with Adrionne. ' Why do you toll mo to wait ?' he was saying. 'Ibavo waited five years, Adri enne. Was I not to havo my answer to night J At least give mo a littlo hope.' The door had opened, and the dootor and the man wero standing in tho room. Adrienne roEo and gave ono look at the man. ' Malcolm I' she cried, nnd throw herself into his arms. Arthur Weaton followed her with hiB eyeB, and saw Malcolm Douglas standing in the doorway. Weston sank to tho floor, and raised his hand as if to shield himBelf from a frightful vieion. 'His I, myself, Arthur Weston,' said Doaglaa; ' tho bowetring of tbe strnngler failed for onoo. The treasure box is not in Kara's hands, but in this very houso, whero it has been ever sinco that night.' Weston arose and made a violent effort to appear self-possessed. 'Woll, Maloolm,' ho said, 'you can't blamo me for thinking you wero a ghost. I never expeolcd to sco you again.' ' Woston, you can spare mo the trouble ot publioly denouncing you. When I suo occded in escaping from the strangler, I was filled with fear and apprehension. I knew I was not safe whilo ho was here. I resolved to go away until it would bo safe for me to return. Your false swearing in Kara'a behalf showed mo who my real enemies were, and I bavo not returned till I am ablo to dot'eat you at all points. L?avu the country, Arthur Wecton ; never again return or come near me, nnd you will bo safe, ao far as I am concerned; otherwiso you will be in gaol within an hour.' Weston Blunk out of the room without tt word. 'My ohildron,' said Dootor Oollamoro, ' I don't think I understand all of this yet; but I can see that tho man with the box has returned, the box has beon opened, and its ourso at laBt removed from my sleepless nights.' 'And I always said, Unole Frederiok, that tbo box contained a blossing. Wo have opened it, and I havo found Maloolm.' ''I am glad you havo kept your promise about the box so well,' said Malcolm ; ' but I im more glad tbat you have kept Adrienno fsr me so safely. In return I will promise that you shall no longer be haunted by tho man with tho box.' Arthur WcBton slipped out of tho room quietly enough. But did he bco still another face pressed against tho window pane watch ing all his movements ? A dork, savago f ooo with glittering oyes ond white teeth that looked ns i; they would lilio to taste blood! Did you Bee that faco, Arthur Weston ? If you did, good-bye to nil rest and neaoo of mind for you from this timo on ;* for tho bowstring of the strangler will not fail the second time, and you know it. You havo played with fire, and your day of reckoning iB yet to como ; and when it does, it will bo from tho hand ot Kara Nio, 