Tlie Storyteller. The Old Postman's Story. I Yes. sir ; I li»ve carrifd the Barnbn rougl) mail f'r thirty seldom wlai' InK B dny. Hitrdwnrk? You nre rlelil, sir. In und mil r.f Rndlillll twlo» a day, winter and oiimnn'r, I ti nil wfinllinrn. Half an hour's w«lk to B^rn borough Kttttloti frmii lh« town, hiiiI a di-l|y«ry round of inor« than livf mllw, I li»ve w tramp over iwfiilv mlim mius'iiue or rain, every -1hv I'' Hu'nlay But In lliPrtn llnte* I h'ii only loo triad of tlifl work, Bint lliankfol in oiir young pontma»U-r lor leaping tn»- on hi luy aici*. But, I P'*** »* «r*»'il -IhuI of 'liter pnopl^'n Jnys Bill K'irro«q, Ion, hi I g - lioin hiupo to house. 1 I)hvk phpii ninny a brlitbt pye grow brlijhtMr. aod red Hps HUille sweetly, al tl-» hir1)I or familiar hand writing ; and I nm always glad t.i be the bearer nf good nows, Bill I I-hVh ee-»n n pale faci1 grow elnwly paler, and Hps quiver pitifully, und nnmptuu»« a flood of tear*, wlilch i'oiiII not he n'preited, at. tbn sight ofu tilack-lior.lered envelope. But, to my w»y of thinking, tbe ead dest of ull Ih when one watolics, and waits, aod look* eiigi»rly for the letter vvliloh never crmro It seems to rne a great deal e»«ler to bear a sorrow or »fllctioi- when we know just what it Is eolng to be, and ju*t how mUCD III B Uliniru »r i' ? sir, it Is the suspense— tbe not knowing —that kills. You see that bouse over youiler— that pretty white coltwje with the lilac trees In front? Well, I *«« witness to a ro mance which wan enacted there a couple Of years ago— just as romantic as any novel tbat I ever ri-ad of. But, then, 'truth is stranger than Action' some times, you kun-r. A willow Inly, Mrs. Wilson, lived (here ? a refineii, genteel olri lady — and her daughter, Mi-s fr-«iie. She tauuhl In Barnborough Church School — » har-1 dreary life that mufti he. I had niut tlie young lady frequently coming to aud from the achonl-bome, and had thought what a cheerful, pretty little thing she was. A delicate-looking ijirl with a fair com plexion, and such hrown. earnest, eyes — tbey seemed to look right through you and read your thnuichtp, and in**ke a man feel like tryine to live better. Every morning, when s'H CRiuedown the gravel walk to tne g*te, on n'r ? ? ? sbe was almost certsin to see me, aod she would w-»it until I came, slid hid me fcood morning so sweetly, and ask carelessly if there were any letters for tbem. Butlbey seldom reoeived any. One eveniug I saw Miss Bessie walking witb a gentleman. I knew liim a little. His name was John Keen, and heorcupied some position in conneeiion with the General Post Office Police Inquiry Department. I knew that the authorities at Ht. Martin's le Gmid spnke very highly of him. and tti»t lie was a grt-et favourite; and the future looked bright enough for ynuns Keen. And I waB glad wii»n I found that he often went down «t nights from his lodgings — which wen a mile or bii on t'i-* way to tbe Londou and Brightou S'attou ? to tbe cott~ge, for I had somehow grown strangely Interested In the Wilsons. One day I heard that John Keen had been selected '-v the heads of the s-rvice to go out tn Irelind to fully investigate some irregularities which had occurred in the post^iffices in tbe Ulster district. I wbb glad of It, for I felt sure he would get to the bottom of tbe matter. He seemed eo clever at ferreting out things. I did not see Miss Bessie for a whole week after tbat; but one morning, there she was, standing at tbe gate, awaiting my approach, her face pale and anxious. 'Any letters?' she cried, eagerly, as soon bb she bad said good morning. I knew that there was, for I bad noticed a large square envelope addressed to her in a bold, handsome hand, with tbn post mark Londonderry. I was not lone in deliverine it. and oh ! the look she gave! After that I used to bring ber a letter with that same postmark every week ; and sbe always looked so contented aod happy that when, at last, one morning. I . drew near tbe Wilson*' e*le, aud saw the slim, neatly-lresscd figure awaiting me, I hesitated tn approach, for I buew tbat I had no letter for ber. A shade of wlBtful sadness fell over her face as I said, as cheerily as I could — 'No letter to-'lsy, Miss Bessie'; and I could not help adding, ' maybe it will come to-morrow.' She smiled sweetly. 'Oh, yes, it will come to-morrow,' she cried ; and as I harried on I said to my self. 'I hope it will.'' But I have seen so much parting and i never meeting any more on tbis earth, nr meeting like strangers, which is worse, you see, tbat somehow I feared all wbb ' over between them. There wbb no letter j the next day. or the n'Xt, aud so ou for j days and days. Mlts B-Bsie waB always! at ber post, hut she grew so thin and p»le that I bardly knew her ; and I wouldjust shake my head and hurry by, and sotih« realized there was uo hope. One day, as I was pxBsing the cottage, 1 saw n messenger boy from the telf grapb-oflice standing at tbe gate. Then Miss BeBsio ran quickly down the walk, and just as I catue up she seized the .brown envelope and tore it open. Such a look on tier white face ! Such a beart-hroken cry ! Then ehe tottered a step forward and fell tr ttie grout) k like one dead. I could not help seeing the telegram ; it was like alt suc,b messages brief and to the point. They know how to stab the poor heart thr.uigh. This was tbe message — 'John Keen wasdrowued three days ago In Lougb Foyle.' That was what it said ; and my heart bled for the poor girl lying there, white and still. I rnng Ihw hell and ber mother came out. Miss Bessie was reBtored to consciousness, and, pale as a ghost, walked into tbe house, leaning upon her mother's arm ; hut you ooulri see that all the light had gone out nf her life. Mrs. Wilson wrote at once to the turn wbo bad sent the telegram, requesting particulars, and soon received a reply stating that Mr. Keen had been missing for some time, was last seen In a boat on the Ijnugti, and lit) ally a hudy hurt been waBbeil up near Coleralne, bo mutllsted as not to admit of Identification ; but In a pocket a card had been f-:und. bearing a name wbich looked liku ?' J. ICeeu.' but wbb almost erased by tbe water. Wben I saw Mies Bessie again Bhe was j dressed In deeti mnnrnlng, aud looked as j If she was not long for this world. One day I found Iu tny hag a large, bustm-sp-looking letter addressed to Mrs. Wilson ; aud booh they told me the good news which it conlained. A relative had died leaviug them four or Ave hundred pounds ; and I tblnk tbat I was bs glad as they were, for tbey seemed like old friends to me. Not long after, Mrs. Wilson] decided to give up Ibe cottage and take Miss Bessie to Brighton for b time, hoping to restore ho. L. I, I n ti roue falling runlHIir An Impulse prompted me to aak for tbeir seaside address. We miyht get a letter for them, which I .should wlsbio get forwarded at onoe, so tbey gave me tbe address of the lodging where tbey ex pected to remain for some weeks. One day, over a month alter, ai I was paealng the cottage— It was itlll unoc cupied— I saw a gentleman standing at tbe gate, and as I drew nearer my heart gave a great bound, and then stood still, for, dead or ftUye, it was John r.eeu I He held nut his hand in a friendly way. ] 'How are yon, Mr, J ti vi~ ?' tie sold. | ?' Pcrhuus yoll out enlighten ill' as tu the i whereabouts nf Ihe lady — Mrs. Wilson — who lived here before I wul to Ire' I land?' I ' But— but— ' I stammered out, 'are you really alive?' | He looked al me as though lie thought tne an escaped lunatic. Kd then I began and told liiin everything, J'jst as I have told It to you, sir. His tan* was quite while when tny story finished. ' Poor Bessii' j ' [ heard liim whisper softly to himself. Then lie turned to me. ' Mr. Jurvls,' lie said, ' l»t me tell you. I wBs sent HWny on a delicate mission. In the Interest* of t tie ponal service, and it was necessary that my m ivem-*nts should he guarded and tny inveptiestlnns secretly conducted And then I wrote to Bessie, explaining th» sltiiHtion, and telling her that she must not be surprised or tr. milled If she did not h-ar froin ra» tor a week, as I had promised to com municate tny mnvem 'nis to n - one. 'Two mouths afterwards I returned from the expedition — successful, ton — and T learned that the wsggon with the mall ImgB from the country town from wt.ion I had last written had lieen attunked, the driver killed, the mail rob'ieil of all vsltiahleg, and the letters scittered to the four winds nf heaven. ' When I reported mvsfllf to the Bel fast Office, the authorities there were fri/htened half nut of tnelr wits, thlnk ingmeaehost. For. as [had tven ob liged to keep my plana secret, they knsw little of my movements ; and the hody of a stranger, supposed to be au Govllsh gentleman, having baen found off the coaBt, horribly mutilated and quite unre cognizable, they had come to the conclu sion that the uufor'nnat» Individual was the raisslne inspecting official from St. MartinV-le-Orand. ' Perhaps they had some reason for the hasty decision, for a card bearing my name was fotiud Iu one of hie pockets. But I did not know before (I supnoa' tbey were afraid to tell me) that they hsd gone the length of telegraphing my death to Miss Wilson, whose address tbey must have found in my desk at tbe Londonderry office. ' But, thank heaven ! it wbs all a mis take, and here I am. «»fn and soimd. Prosperous, too ; for the Postmaater General has recompensed me handsomely for mv successful services; and with an Increased salary I am free to marry as soon as he little woman is ready.' What a pleasure it was to be sure, to telegraph at once to Miss Bessie, t-lmply saying — ' Good news ! Come to Barnborougb Immediately.' Aud what a scene was that meeting! The wedding look plac« iu goiid Btyle, not long afterwards, for John would uot hear of heing separated from Bessie again ; and, what do you think ? — I was the flrst to kiss the bride ! 