BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. It is a relief and absolute pleasure to turn occasionally from men to dogs. The men you can't always bet on, not that I approve of betting on dogs, or, in fact, betting on anything, but if I am to bet on either give me a dog before a man any time. The dog show aud Sarah Bernhardt have been the star attractions of the week, the interest in the rival attractions being 4 to 1 on the dogs, as against 1 to 4 on Cleopatra. Not that Cleopatra <iid not liave quite as good houses as the dogs, for it cost more money to see her, but the great multitude was with the puggies, their fathers, and their mothers, and they cer tainly were in honester and more respect able company. It is a healthful sign after all, when the great public, and even that gilded portion of it who have nothing to do but spend their money, turn aside for a day at least from meritricious actresses and questionable plays to the honest companion ship of dogs and horses and flowers. As I pass through the lines of splendid dogs of all classes, and look into their honest faces all the old love of my boyhood days came back to me, for never had I a more lovable or a truer companion than Old Boxer. He was always ready for a frolic. The wag of his honest tail was an assurance of hearty welcome, and as he jumped up, placing his great paws on either shoulder, no brother ever seemed nearer to me, and there was none whose death was more sincerely mourned. The show last week was a- splen did one. There wove dogs of all degrees. When I say of all degrees don't understand me that there were any of those disreput able curs that live on free lunches and have no stated home; they were not allowed to come within a block of the garden. Every dog here knew all about his grand father and his grandmother, and moreover he did not trust to his memory, but a distinguished association of wealthy gentlemen kept the history of his family in a magnificent book, and the book itself was kept in a mighty safe that cost five thou sand dollars, and the safe was kept in a house that cost fifty thousand, and a man was paid two thousand five hundred dol lars a year to take care of the book, and that's the way they look out for dogs in New York. Women who have no children take kindly to dogs and cats; women who have never made some unfortunate man happy by changing their names love little dogs. Strangely enough personal beauty, does not seem to be a prerequisite in a lady's dog, for some of the ugliest looking and evil-tempered curs that I have ever set eyes on were the greatest favorites. The St. Bernards, Newfoundlands, mastiffs, Russian and Siberian bloodhounds, com manded general admiration, though to my thinking there is no member of the dog family which surpasses in beauty and intelligence a fine setter. They were here i in great variety, the Gordons easily lead : ing all tlie rest. But beauty after all is a . matter of taste, as I discovered when look I ing at some bull terriers. On tlie opposite side of the aisie from where I stood two nice looking dogs got into a scrap. I turned around to see what was the matter when I heard a sudden snarl, a loud yelp, the quick clank of a chain, and a bull terrier's nose was within a few inches of my leg. His keeper caught him by the neck and pulled : him back with the remark, "Bless your ; soul, sir, 'e won't 'urt ye, w'y 'e wouldn't I bite a fly, 'e wouldn't, haint 'e a beauty." • His mug was short, his ears were cropped, his teeth were shining white. He looked like a Sixth Ward plug ugly, just out of the Penitentiary. He was a fighter by profession, and he took pride in it. There was no sham or deception about him He was just what he looked to be, and nothino else, and tough as he was ranked as a geru tleman of his class. It was a profound satisfaction to find the pugs which have been such favorites in years past relegated to their proper position. They always were ugly little brutes—take either end of them. Their noses were always in the air as though they smelled something unpleasant, and their teeth were always on exhibition as though they were ready to bite you, and it did not take much provocation to get them to give you a nip. Then if you took the other end their taii cur-led so hard that it threatened to lift their hind legs off the groun<J; but their day is past. The Scotch collies enjoyc.(l great favor, and justly too, for some of them were almost human. Dainty little aristo crats were there in pretty cages lyin<r on velvet cushions, and attended by niai<fs in neat white caps who watched the little darlings with the solicitude of children. As I passed into the night and storm, rag ged waifs, boys and girls swarmed around the doors. The electric lights illuminated their tattered misery, making it stand out in bold relief in comparison with the blessed estate of the happy dogs within. It was an ugly contrast. Perhaps there is a reason for it somewhere. Who can give it? I can't. I wandered along down the street and drop ped into a hall where a party of Irishmen were talking about the celebration of St. Patrick's Day. They belonged to different factions of the Ancient Order of Hibernians which for several years past have almost created a riot in Brooklyn on St. Patrick's Day. As near as I could find out each party considers itself the only original Jacobs, and each claims the right to walk first in the procession, to wear three green feathers in his cocked hat, and to have his regalia covered wich green ribbons and gold lace. Another serious difficulty appears to be that a man from Donegal could not with any degree of propriety march behind a man from Tipperary, and a Tip would sooner die than march behicd a skipetheroo from Donegal. Every man had fight in his eye, and for several years past the belligerent Hibernians have had to be kept apart by the police. The only condition on which Brooklyn will grant them permission to inarch at all is that they hold their processions in different parts of the city and at different hours of the day. This year we thought we were going to have peace, and that the United Hibernians were going to bounce the British lion, but the memories of the fin,. ould times at Donnybrook were strong upon them, and the possibility of a nice little ruction on the natal day of Ireland's patron saint overruled the peace overtures, so that the two processions take place as usuaL As I remarked Bernhardt has had full houses all the week. Yes, Cleopatra has drawn immensely, and the people appeared to think that they had received their money worth. One of the most appreciative per sons in the theatre of her ability is Miss Bernhardt herself. She knows a good thing when she sees it in the looking-glass. On her arrival here the other day she called on a distinguished French physician who is now making a specialty of Dr. Koch's consumption cure, and asked him if he had seen Cleopatra. The doctor informed her that he had seen Miss Davenport. " Par donez moi, Mons le Docteure. * You have not seen Cleopatra, for you have not seeu me." Modest wasn't it; but that's Sarah. What do I think of Cleopatra ? It is great of its kind, but it is a bad kind. No such characterization has ever boen witnessed on the American stage. No woman with any sense of decency left would ever tolerate such an exhibition in her house. It is the sensual outburst of a woman lost to shame and utterly depraved; consumed by her own wicked passions and worthy of no more consideration than a wild beast. To a person with one spark of purity or virtue left it ought to be shocking, but it isn't. Fine ladies applauded her every night, and and fine gentlemen loaded her with the rarest and costliest flowers. And worse than all, a lot of ladies compooing the Women's Exchange induced her to give a reading for their benefit, and these fine dames and their daughters clustei*ed around the Frenchwoman of unsavory reputation as though she was some great benefactress of the human race. She came here for money, and she has got it. Our society wants to know how bad women act in houses where they dare not go themselves. Now they know. Good-bye, Sarah. She leaves for Boston this week. We wish you iov Boston. Ta-ta! Lester Wallack lias been dead several years, but to-day his ghost walks forth again in a very disagreeable style. When living he was " the glass of fashion and the mould of form." Though an actor and a very good one, he did not keep actor's com pany unless they were away up, but he dearly loved a lord, and a duke or an earl, was reverenced by him as they were by Billy Florence. Mr. Wallack was a success ful manager and actor. The receipts of his theatres in seventeen years were over three millions of dollars, and the clear profits over thirteen hundred thousand. Yet Mr. Wallack died almost a bankrupt, a charity benefit saving him from absolute want before his death. A somewhat remarkable phase of the business was that while the manager and owner of the theatre grew poor the treasurer who had only a small salary grew rich. This enterprising gentle man's name is Theodore Moss, and he is now of our Subway Commission with a salary of five thousand dollars a year, a position which he got solely because he was a sort of relation of Mr. WaUacVs. Arthur Wallack, the dead actor's son, wants an accounting and wants to know, if the pro fits of his father's theatres were over a million and a quarter of dollars as shown by the books, who has the money. Wallah did not get it. Did Moss ? Moss is rich. Wallack died poor. Thafs what the son wants to find out. It is said that women are a great deal better than we when they are good, and a great deal worse when they are bad. Per haps that is so, but for first-class lying Brooklyn has had three cases in a short time that take the cake, the bakery, and the baker's wagon. About four weeks ago a young woman was seen in the City Hall wringing her hands. She said that she had just been robbed of a tin box that contained deeds to property worth a million of dollars, besides thousands in gold and jewels. The police reserves were turned out. They hunted for a week to no purpose. Mean while a complaint had been lodged with the police of a female thief who had robbed her \ mistress of money and clothing." The description answered that of the young romancer, and as she had her mistress's clothes on her back at the time of her arrest she was landed in the Penitentiary. Another was Miss Tillie Hain, an honest German girl. Her mistress -went to the theatre last week; and when she returned she found Tillie on the floor bound hand and foot with a towel stuck in her mouth, the house turned upside down, and several hundred dollars gone out of her trunlc. On being closely questioned she accused her brother-in-law of the robbery, who was j arrested at once and looted up. The poor j fellow narrowly esc.iped "States prison. At j last being cornered she confessed that she i herself had eon m'.tted the robbery, and showed the officers where she had concealed the money. The last is a girl who set fire to her store to get the insurance, and then accused her lover of the crime after confessing that she had applied the match herself. The plea of insanity alone can save her from States prison, but it may send her to a lunatic asylum for five years. 