SELECTIONS. '''11 ChoBts iii^ goblins, still live and tule in * the im&ginaiionB; of rlnnumerable Irish men and wotoBD/and hot inerely in remote places, but olofce even to big cities. ' It is down W est- ward a^nong the deep bays and mountain valfeysof StfgothatX hare heard the best tales and .found . the most ardent ^ belief, ; There, many a peasant dreams ot growing tich by finding a fairy's crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter .trembles as ehe .passes some.iomous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the names ot men and women oatried off, aa tradition will have it, to the dim kingdom. Only very reoently one of these fabled robberies was reported to have been attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a farmer in the Tillage of Orange, suddenly disappeared. There was i at once eve at excitement is the ueigbbonr- , hood, because it was rumoured that tbe fai ries had taken her. A villager was aud to have long straggled to hold her from them, 1 but at last they prevailed, and he found no thing in his hand but a broomstick. Tbe local constable was applied to, and he at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised the people to barn all tbe bncalanns {ragweed) on tbe field sbe vanished from, because bucalauns are sacred to the fairies, Tbey spent the whole night j burning them, the constable repeating j spells tbe while. In the morning the little ffirl was found, the storv coes. wandering in ! the field. She said the fairies had taken het away a great distance, riding on a fairy horse. At last sbe saw a big river, and tbe man who tried to keep her from being car ried oS was drifting down it — such are the topsyturvydoms of . fairy glamour — in a cocUesheti. ? Brides and new-bom children are especially in danger. Peasant mothers, too, are sometimes carried oft to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of returning, and if they do sot escape then ere always prisoners. A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Ballisodare, and when she eame home after seven years she bad no toes— she had danced them off. — 7T. Z?. Teati, in tfie Leisure Uoitr. 