€tttmb0. Theatre. Cackling. Wriggling. Changeable. More gaiety. Wars of the Roses: Both Houses again. Excuse for suppression. 1 ' Thirty Centuries ago." Well done, Major Lovett. Billiards—poprlar prices. Temperance work growing. Squadron spells squandering. John L. Sullivan on Saturday. Rorke'e last lecture in. Adelaide^ Barometer at noon to-dav, ©S3. Militia grant not to be increased. ' " Hans the Boatman" on Monday. " A Hundred Pipers an' a' to 1 a,'" Mr. Addison has not yet apologised " Out wi' Prince Charlie in the '45." Rain and no races in sight. Straige. Demand for a higher state of morality. A wee balloon would do for our General. Tield Artillery to remain" as yon were." Last night but one of " The County Fair." Goodwood Scotch choir Town Hall to-night. The Adelaide Racing Club wants a Starter. Concert at Cbristchurch Schoolroom tonight. Musical Ghost Illusion still deceiving tha public. A busy cheerful Hawke flits about tbe Pork Ranges. A new series of sensational stories in tbe Journal. Overawing Yorkshire will find li&ncashir;* has a foot. Will South Australia. lead as to electing. Ministers ? Scotch Concert-Lecture to-night in Adelaida TownHalL Yorkshire and Lancashire exchanged glaresin the Council. A galaxy of talent for the final Saturday night's concerts. When does Mr. Ash get time to stew up Constitutional law ? The pipers will give a blaw to-night on the Town Hall balcony. Does Mr. E. W. Hawker intend to tiy for the Assemuly again ? No one ever reads of application beinglaad* to Turkey for a loan. After smokeless powder one may look ou^ for an invisible army. Parson Rorke and tbe Goodwood Choir in a Scotch concert to-night. Over 13,030 persons have altended -tha Saturday night *•'Pops." 1 Dr. Cockbiirn has given the Assembly a wide subject for discussion. No chance yet for those 20-year- old field , guns to be done away with. Religious men of all people should not fear exposure of truth to publicity. ... Captious critics will want eastiron ooattaila when John L. Sullivan comes. If new guns were ordered now it would tafca over a year to get them oqt here. Will the wily Chief Secretary get off tha Licensed Victuallers speech to-day? . The Bishop will take the chair at Rev'. W. R. Fletcher's fourth lecture to-night. Why not disband the force if money can't be spued to keep it properly equipped. Acton sometimeg'fail; but J. L. Snllivan isbound to make " a hit"; its his business. Dear Brother J. C. Kirby came in for «ulogy yesterday at the W.C.T.U. Convention. Sun rose at 6.8 a.m.; sets at 6.46 p.n. Moon rose at 9.39 a.m.; aets at midnight. Put a white cockade in you* bonnet ten v sight and join the Jaoobites at Town Halt People in eome doubts as to the technleaT mode of applying for the European situation. One who has attended- the lart two Xestiva occasions says the next ball will bowl him out. Pram his alence one would have though* Mr. Addison was not in the Council yesterday. There's authority far stating .that the aeries of popular concerts have been a financial suooess. Women's Christian Temperance Union «bjcot to the cultivation of warlike proclivities in children. If a General oan go np in a balloon, why can't armies settle differences amongst thos* rain clouds? Nice for men to be pitted against guns of 4,080 yards range with guns of about 2; 000 yards range. Many persons seem to regard benevolent in- ' stitntkms as oaylums when ont of lock in which to get healthy. Assembly and Council shooting at tbe Port to-day.. Who will win in tha matoh. for popular esteem? The gods in the gallery must be on their ' best behaviour when Snllivan comes, he night. " pnt a tail on yez." The Beetaloo Dam is not dangerously cracked. Can that be said of mtne sermonising Assembly members ? The member for Albert thinks be has made a hash «f the Attorney-General's knowledge of Constitutional history. . When the Education Bill comes on to-day - Mr. Addison will have another opportunity to make the amende honorable. The crops which are generally inre and dpn'fc fail in an avenge quantity or quaRty are- national and domestio troubles. Dr. Cdokbam professes to to anxious to.. etop crims-mongering. Will ha act up; to profession for say twelve months from toHhy? In the rifle match to-day, according to tradition, the Council should soore top wfrea. "bulls" are considered and the Assembly for If a common Stats school boy had baear - guilty of a suppression he would have been pub . forward aa a testimony to tha-taobof Bible- - reading and religious edooation. Brand new argument for prohibitive liquor. •• laiys. In gnnra prohibition had thrown * great npuiy lawyers ont of- employment, and about twenty of them had taken to preaching tha gospel. Arithmetic might be omitted in school instruction, every youngster being able to g>va precise rates of value of a ohmky to a hu» bntton off his pants, or two draws from his dad's old pipe. Wednesday's . Assembly medley inn hided sermons on Ministers, agricultural UobuseB, railway brakes, vermin fenoee. Park Lands, timber, and disputed returns. Those wera only some of the topios. Poor reporters. 1 The London Labour Commission has ascertinned that the Socialiste want the establishment of State workshops, the maintenanceattd . education of the poor, the municipalization of, the docks, and the State to be the universal employer. Highland pipes will be played on the balcony half an hour before the concert by- Messrs. Murray and Ballcch there's an attraction. "Big fleas bare little fleas npon thtfir backs to bite'em, . And little fleas have leaser fleas, so on ad infinitum.'' The Australian delegates[(says IheMelbourne Spectator) well held their own, and plaved no mean part in the proceedings of the Congrega- ; tional Council.' Dr. Bevan especially seems to have come to the front, and-hii rebuke to tha delegates from Tasmania and South Australia : for declaring their Church in. those coWnies financially incapable of doing the necessity Work of extension " brought down the house*.'f " Sotith Australian'delegates" he said, "dart not go home after appealing for help to itha British public." FAX.—"List to my tale." You know, speaking dogmatically, that tha mythical 'dog " with two tails must have been re-tailed somewhen by somebody, somewhere, and somehow. But talking about tails, do yon know what was the longest tale ever told? No. Neither do I. But here is an account of one of them takes from the Philosophioal Transactions of t&e; Royal Society:—" The most beautiful comofe - of 1769 passed within two million' milei of tha- ' earth. It was seen moving Witih immense velocity. Its tail stretched across the heavens like a prodigious luminous arch, thirty-ail §' millions of miles in length." But how about'.'. the tail that, like the vesper bell, is often tolled of the tail of die comet of 1811 ? This tail on . October 15 of that year was most remarkably V conspicuous, and, aocordins to the uompata>* • tion of Sir William Hereohel, its actu&Hength; exceeded a hundred millions of nules' fiat it after all the tales «hat have been told aboattha tails of oomets, it is well T mysterious appendage^ fro' no sooner does the comet -than theao-cpHed tail* 