BOW A GOOD SHIP T-AS LOSTI On the night of October 27th, 1812, the good ship "Mary Compton," of Bristol, England, was strunggling with a fearful gale off the .coast of North America. The wild blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron lRock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entuance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. F.our onen, including the Captain were saved. On reaching the shore they found strange hinghadhappened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguoishoed the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights, Hope is tle most important lighlthouse in tile world. ?lant shall he said of thle manu whondarkens it in thle face etaof storm-tosed spirit P " Yeou are beond human aid." Tlese words were saidl by al physician to a woman who loat come to consult himn. Adtittina tlhat be lotholght so, ihad he the right to say so? lNo: for he might be wrollg--suod in any case he had no business to put out the light. This wooeon had bnct ill for so00e time. Ito June, 1??S, site was greatly talanmed by her syltp. toms. Ier ieart palpitalted, anmd she was so ciddy she could scarcely soatld. Her eatd wiirleo " and," site said, "all object seemed to go into a cloud." She bId to Ihold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a tswcat althoughi cold as deathl. A dreadolfl cough racked lher frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawl abnoutttle holuse,"' she says, "IC w so weak. Itried diffcrent remedies and medicines witlhtot avail. I went to the Dis pensary at 0new Brigateo and soeod tihe Doctor to tell mc tleworat. His answer wtas, 'I haset mixed you some omedicine; you can- take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up ni despair. "I htked with twon other phy- ieias. Tihe l:st one said, 'eou are past haloott aid.' "ffy heart sank wsithidn co, for I had five little children, and my death wlould leave themn without a motlher's love and care. I went honme a-l cried till was sick. I lond no appetite and hadl lost flesh till Ilora thil as a ghost! -Ily mother cameo to see me anid id inot hlow meo-. Mffy sl:in was of a green and yallow colootr, tntd when I ate arytollog it seemed to stick in nmy lthroat. Atbout this time Icommenced voeteitig, and what I threw up was tincge withl blood. Once I b ogao to vomoit at nine o'cloclk on a Saturdany mcrnic g anl scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time I rememolred thant MIrs. Wilson, witlh whom I f -rmeriy worked in Crawford's BIill, in East Street, Leeds (wttere I live), lhld heen cured hy ITtoiher Seietl's Curative Syrup. So I sent Co Ifr. Jeeson's, the Cthemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stoipped the vomiting, and Iy degrees fromn day to day I felt behotter. Soon I eoolnt eat a dry crust, and by tihe time I had finished tile econd bottle I Ihad got over all my bad symptonms, tod was fast getto.g my strentgtlh lhet. I am noa (April, 1t0i), in better healthl than ever before in cy life. "I should have taken IMrother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, Ibut my hlusnba,:d t:as out of wort and te had only a trifle coming in fronm his club, but I thank God I did getit at lest, att it cured me, lasl offas I was. All my friends and neiglo bocrs know thie facts I nhave reltated, anod I wtill reply to any letters of enqouiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, -10, Bread Street, York Ioad, Leeds. This was a ease of indigestion and dyetpetsis, with symptoms syowing how far it had alfeeted the nervous system. A fcew cmnths, or tpossibly weeks more, and Mfrs. iIills would hlve hIad no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait Oo o sotr for any retson, ialter having knoon whatt itother Seigel's Curative Syrup haddone for lher friend tIrs. Wilson. 