MISCELLANY. i Very Hard Lives.—The railways, j The Light Hrigade.—Lamplighters. I Straining Kvkby Nerve.— Pulling a tooth. J.'eau.v a Helping ILand. — One with money in it " The record " is like a well-kept carpet, it is always being beaten. Nine tailors, it is said, will make a man. Whoever started this sentence ought to how finished. They will make a man a pauper. " Daughter—"O patm, let me kiss yon on i that dear little bald spot. Papa—" Whose bill is it> and how much i" Jack—" How did you manage to get rid of your rival ?" Hairy—" I got him appointed an umpire, and took the girl out to witness his first game.'" A Domestic Diagnosis.—Jones (who has couie with his wife to call on the new neighbour)— "Wonder if they've heen married long, llypatia':" Mrs. Jones—"Oh no. Evidently newly married." Jones—" How cnu 3 011 tell ?' Mrs. Jones—" Drawing room smells of tobacco smoke !" He—'* Have ybu heard the news ? Yester day morning Ma'fy"Dawson jumped into tier'father's carriage and eloped with the coachman." She— " What's her father done ahout- it?" He—"He has advertised, 'Send back the horses, and all w ill be for given.' " Mahei. (on a visit to a friend—time 3 a.m.) —"EDaLKlla! do wake-ttjvdear. I've been listen ing for abput half -an houy. There t don't you liear it? I'm' sore there'siuyaibody sawing through the front door." Ella (half asleep)—" Oh, go to sleep, I and don't be stupid ! That's only father snoring." Scene — Koad between Johnstone and Bridge of Weir. Irish turnip, to uian engaged break ing stones by the roadside—" Good momiii'! An' I how far is it to the Bridge ov Weir?" Stonebreakor: " It's a gey bit. An' wfca d'ye want tne see there ?" Irish Turnip—V§ur% Jt's myself I waijt to sec there." , -, . i " ' At a weddtiiff -recently the <^ficiatlnj. clergyman, having concluded the marriage sendee, gave the young couple a suitable address. lie had not however proceeded far iu his discouise when the bridegroom,' going,up to the veiger, whispered In his ear, "Tell your guvnor to cut it short; I've got the cab by the hour !* A ALtx oe,Kxpkeikkck, —Rural Youth— "What's Ilieui things called?" Dealer—" These are bicycles." " I've seen 'em, but I couldn't think o' the name. I'd like ter ride one." "Can you ride a bicycle F! "Of course. .ifuthiu' -tor do but sit on top an* work the Wheels, that's all, ain't it?" " Yes, but vou are apt to fall at first." "S'poseldo. Can't doinore thanhftJjie j^ntk.<mJ " Nrd>-"; b Wen what's Mauffl ^'Tou ymmit we down j haHI, vou know.! "But T1A aiilv Bio %rpurid—no' knifes or th&gf; li- WPBiSVon the Uiing ls there Y" " Oh, no." " Nuthin' to worry 'bout then. I've druv-a hay-take.U»»~<™ ■ ■ When the Dean of Armagh was summoned to Whitehall to preach in the Chapel Royal (just before fit the P)v££ "you roust! King OhariftlFl^hllhefid.''- Theneuj wist tt s S and preached and weut t meeting with thePri a.ct male he capped that venerable' prelate's little joke. My loixj,r' he sold, " I had well fiiffh suffered.a worse fate than the Kind's. The verger in the Royal, giving me instriibtions as to bjicri my - once Van to be made, Iftid, 'First liilakcs Use W>pir Up to their places, nnd (then after titey arspMlgd I retums for you, sir, Juid conducts you; to -the halter.'" * * y: fi; j; An Ineffectual Ghost.—A lUtte .IcnO| of towfiemeri were wont toprotong theii^ffliking-tfflta, and when there was^no jaw closing pjlblic-houi|B at II p.m. in Scotland, these scderunts extended not seldom far on into the morning hours. To try and check the doings of the topers on one occasion, at the hour when the couple of candles had nearly ex pired (there was no caste .our town, in, those days), a spectre of human build; but robed ih white, and carrying a lantern under the enveloping sheet so as to produce a diffused red light, stalked solemnly into the-gloomy room, and stood In what was hoped would be a terror-striking silence. As gravely as If h'e rose to meet some mourner, one of the tipsy crew stood up on,his feet. Formintrabubble of tolivaonbia lip, he pfrieed it on the'tip of his middle linger, snip, pro jecting it towatde theisupposed emissary of ttyror in • way that most boys* understand and oocoatanaliy practise when in vulgafest imood, the swaying drunkard shot-the moisture hard at the glimmering sheet and figure, with the one remark, Scottic6: " Ye'te a gude while oot or ye'd have fiseed."—Spec tator. ^ As American tells a remarkable tale of a family-in Maine, consisting of six brothers, who look so much Mike thiit Only their most' Intimate ac quaintances can tell them apart. One day, while visiting in a strange town, each brother wanted a shave. One of thein went into a harber'sshop, had his beard removed, and paid- the customaiy fee. Five minutes later apparently the hame man rushed into the shop with a three' days' growth of beard ori his face, declared that he had not been balf-afcaved, and demanded that, the work should be done over again. The astonished barber apologised and shaved the man again; hut in leas than ten' minutes ap parently the same maircame back, angrier' than ever, and with his beard still bristling. The barber, after a little opposition, went through the process a third time. When the fourth brother came, how ever, the barber lost patience, and cried,'" Sc-e here— if you're trying to sell me some patent hair-raiser, III take your whole stock; but, if you are an escaped museum freak, either you'll have to get out or I'll have to close Ibis shop!" The remaining brothers patronised another shop. The Professor.—Jamrach, the well-known importer of birds and wild animals, who was a portly and genial Dutchman, was a man of simple tastes and most pleasant conversation, full of anecdotes about the ways of the curious creatures he had col lected, and <of the men -and women n*- curious who bought nnd sold them. He loved and lived among his animals, caring for them and even at tiin s feeding them with his own hands to the very lost. He was learned too in the scientific history of the birds, beasts, and reptiles, which were quite as much his pets asthe«tnple-of hwtrade.nnd was always ready to impart useful information to the inquiring savant. "I don't believe, sir," he once observed to a visitor, " that these professors really know quite as much aliout the habits of animals as they think they do. One day Professor X. called (he named a very celebrated natural historian), and saiJ, ' Now, Jamrach, about the muscular power of the l>oa constrictor—I suspect it has been exaggerated.' 'Not a hit, sir,' I said ; and I took a very fine speci men out oi a box. 1 He seems very lazy'and sleepy,' said the professor; 'I don't think lie could exert himself in this cold climate if he tried.' ' You bet, sir!' I said ; and I just wound him gently round the professor's body. He laughed. ' I thought so, .lainrach,' lie say s ;' I feel nothing ;' hut. presently he sines out. 'Take him off. .l.-uurach ' Take him nfY sings out,'Take him off, Jaiurach! Take him off, I man; lie's strangling me "—so I just caught J hold of the boa's tail and unwound him off the pro-1 fessor ring by ring. When he'd got his breath again, I tlie professor admitted that there was m >re ' latent muscularity' about the creature than he had sus pected. Now, sir," said Jamrach to his visitor, " that hoa was half asleep and stupid, for he had just swallowed two rabbits, six guinea-pigs, and l:(ll>. of raw lieef. If he'd been fasting, it's my lielicf he'd have swallowed the professor himself bodily, for he was a small gentleman." A Watcn-thro\viye. Wager.— Story of a Dispute -Between Two Oow Barons.—One of the stories of the rapid rise and decline of the cow liaron owes aythorship to Colonel Jim Britton. In the days .when ;Tex&s; bad a railroad comiuissioiiership with only ornamental functions Colonel Britton was ap pointe<Hftfilbit, lie discovered the lack of law to. make the office in any way efficient, and sent in his' ^resignation,' saying that he did not cart- to draw a salary for doing nothing. There is not another instance of this kind of conscientiousness in the latter.years of pie-eating in Texas. But while he was joofiimissioner Colonel Britton went out to ■rifiilene. The time was the flush period of the cattle men. Millionaires were thick. At one of the "ex changes " of Abilene Colonel Britton was a witness to | a controversy between two of the new "millionaires'. These cattle barons had just returned from their fust trips to New York, where they had gone to get rid of some of the cumbersome profits and to have a royal lime. " Jim," said Jake. " that's a pretty fine watch you'vegotthere." " Yes." replied Jim. " I got. tlie ticker ofafellowin New York. I reckon itisthe finest in Abi lene." " Weil,"Continued Jake, drawing one from Iris pocket, " here's "a better one." "Reckon not," said Jiiu. " What'd your's cost ?" " Paid SiVlol. for her" said Jake?' What'd you give/or yours?' "Cost me | 3o0dol.," answered Jim, with a triumphant grin. Jake was iihie over the discovery that, he didn't own j the costliest watch in.Abilene!' He stood, holding the now despised chronometer in his haiid and look ing at it. Bracing'up after a few moments he said— "There ain't much difference between 'em. But I'll j bel t can throw mine further than y'ou can' yours." . Everybody laughed and looked at Jim. The latter j was not to he bluffed. Quick as a flash he replied— j " I'll just go von one on that." Tlie crowd went out out into the rocky street.' A scratch was drawn. It was agreed that the man who threw his watch furthest should have wliat Was left of (10th watches. { They threw, andlhetellow Who won led the way hock ' into tlie Exchange and set up the- drinks. "A few months abexd'aid," said Colonel Britton, concluding the narrative, " I was back in Abilene. ( saw Jake and Jim. Each had a Waterhury, and when he pulled it out of liis-pocket he held it in both hands for fear it would drop on the floor and get hurt."— St. 1/ouis Globe-Democrat. A Very Easy Language.—" Ibrahim " (Abraham!, said a European traveller in Palestine to | liis native guide, " I want you to teach me some j Arabic. If I wish to go into an Arab's house, how am 1 to say to him—' l>et me rest here, and give me I some food? " . " You needn't, say anything at all to j him, etfendi (master), hut jusE walk in and sit down. As for food, if it is his meal time lie will give you I some without being asked; and if it is hot, you won't j get any, whatever you say." -"And If 1 want to buy anything from him, how do I ask the price of it?'] " You don't ask it, master, but just point to the thing and show him some money. If it is not enough, he'll hold out his hand for more; hud if he docs not give you enough of the things that you want to buy, [ whatever ihe.v are, you hold out your hand for more, i and so it goes on till you are both satisfied." "And in case we fail in with:.robbers, what's The Arahic foi' I 'Haltl or I fire?'* "There is no Arabic nee(Jed>iii [ tliat case, master. If there were only a single robber, my comrade Yakoh (Jacob) and 1 would kill him | .before he could say a woid; and if Iheic were a hand i of fhem they would kill us before we could say one." " And supposing 1 want to climb up on to the roof of a house to look at the view, what shall I say to the licople of the house ?" . "fay nothing at all, hut just climb ristolui). Then t^ie people to wliomjthe house me, whnt shall I say to them ?' " Don't say a wo id; just whistle for me," replied Ibrahim, with stern sig nificance. "Butif 'l am thirsty and see a man coining along with a pitcher of water, how am I do say in Arabic'give me a drink?" "Don't say it at all, effendi; just catch hold of the pitcher, take a drink, I and pass jni.'!. ..y Aiid -8uppo-iiig.4 go -into «imtive-l village, and see there a pretty girl whom I wish to compliment," asked the traveller, with a somewhat sentimental air," how am 1 to express in Arabia ' You area beautiful child?" Ibrahim's small black eyes twinkled appreciatively. "If you take my advice, effendi, you will not try to express that- at all, for if I you do, herfatherand her friends wjji pome tip and begin tli|owin^^t6iite at you."ji " <jSh|,'pitied the tra!|U|f? exp<%»*&*njM«(»d T' I&unifirhnWerea; onlyTiy rubbing rheTiack of his head with a meaning grin; and here the Arabic lesson ended,-the-tiaseUsrheing by this rime fully convinced that Arabic, it studied in the right way. is one Of the easiest languages in existence. -David Ker, In Harper^ | 