WfLD O A-TS. A light atruokfllko a fcnlfo, through tho4 gloom. Then thoro was datknoss again. A muffled cry. Then slleace. Id a moment tho man removed bis hand from the woman's mouth. i "uon t ecrenrn. 1 novo no intention or hurling you. '1 I era not hero to steal; I am hiding. If you;mnko a sound; If you alarm tbo honcc, 1 am a look man." Suddenly tho moon, Issuing from under a cloud, throw a pals beam over tho placo whero they stood. Tho woman— she 'wns only a palo, eliglit girl— could not see tho intruder's faco distinctly — a faco haggard, determined, desperate. What intuition bad mado bim speak 03 ho bad 7 At the supreme crises of life thero somctimca como there illuminations. Ho was on unknown man, fleeing for safely or for Ufa and making his way by main forco in tbo dead of m'gbt into the outskirts of a straogo bouse. Yet all (be girl said, after looking at"bim a moment, Was : 'llow did yon get hero?" " I vaulted over tho outer wall. I repeat that If you mako a sound 1 am a lest man." Ho mado no other appeal to her ; yet she continued motionless, not calling, only trembling a little from Excitement. "Ycu can't hido hero," she then said. "You will bo found: you can go out of tho booen door If that will help you." IIo did not answer and sho turned mechanically to had tbo way. Tho bar of moonlight accompanied them, piercing tbo interior 0! tho dark, wide rooms. Sho moved noirclcrsJy, a wbilo, shadowy figure, Bird tho man followed. Sho might be— ebo probably wee— helping a felon to ceoape. Tbo thought wont through her brain. But sho soundlessly drew aside tho fastening of tho heavy dcor; tbo silver-tinted sea lay without, heaving, with long breaks, iu sleep. "There ia tbo road to tbo open country," eho raid. ltstrctohcdaway liko a wbilo ribbon, in- dpflnitrlt tntn thn ninht. Again ho answered notfairg. Only, as ho fiasscd through tbo door, be turned and ooked at ber. For days this tropto eea bad been ot a denco, deep, unchanging cobalt blue, Wiuda wcro light ; tho sky arched abovo liko » dome of unclouded sapphire. To Boe&lys; tbo past and Iho futuro appeared ollko to havo become merged in a distant, soft, silver haze. But thou this was natural ; for Itosalys was to bo married shortly after tbo vessel reached port. After spending two years la tbo Australian wilds sho was return ing borne. And tbo mau to whom sho was to giTo herself was returning with ber. "It will seem strsngo to you— tbo Ufa of civilisation — after tlio other sort of life you led so long, and Iho freedom of it," sho would say to bint as they slowly paced tbo deck together ondrr tho luminous Southern tars tbat seemed to bang above them liko golden lamps Bat Btorrman never mado any direct reply. Ho talked little at any timo of hlo past; ho acknowledged that ho bed been rathrr wild when ho first took to tho Aus tralian buri). I'eihapa that- she thought, was tho rc&scu; for his roticcnce. In General ho did not cay much about himself. But his bold eyes Ieokcd down upon ber tenderly and ho pressed hcrrlcnder arm with a lover's panion. In truth, sbo bad never seemed co lovriy to liiiu ca in these days with tho ocean winds in her palo gold hair and tbo infinite blao of tfcy ood era reflected In deeper shades under the long friogo ot licr dark lathes. And ho said to himsolf tbat ho loved htr, lovt-d her extremely, Bbc was ckattning and ho saw uo reason to regret that ha had bccorao engaged to her. Bbo was rather poor, to bo sure. But then ho bimcrif Led cncogh fcr both. Lot bim only get full in tho stream ot civilised life again— a man's identity was novcr so lost oa in a crowd— and with money and a pretty and wineomo wife, what oould he moro desire! All tbo&o; results oppeared imminent now. Ho was conscious, 00 every day took thc-m miner irom one snort! anu nearer to another, that tbo scueo of opproacbiog a final goal brought a restless impnlienco with it. By Heaven I It was a lucky day for a man, the doy in wbiob he felt tbat bo bad burnod bis ships behind him 1 Burned tbcm so orisply to the l&vt; cinder tbat not. tho most spectral ghost could iIeo up from their nshos. Storrman did not expect to bo troubled with spectres. And yet he saw one. It was lata one afternoon on deck ; a hot end heavy stillncso had fallen over tbe eea. Tho evening city had an almost ominious rplendor nnd depth 0! blucnees. Tho sunset had flamed itself away, leaving ono crimson banner of cloud stretching upward liko a pointing finger. Gtorrmau was olono ; ho bad wandered forward negligently among the eeocind oabin paeeongers. And there, looking down, ho came upon a partly recum bent ligoro turned motionless townrd tho sea. Tho man bod drawn tho cap low down over bis oyrs, « What a rcaombhnoo! Tbo next instant ho -hail glanced ap;this was no simplo xcsemblnnco. - Thoy looked rit each other and neither moved for tho ppaco of a moment. Storrmnn was tbo flrBt to un lock his dry lips, "You aro hero? How—" his voloo ap peared to strangle in his throat. Tbo other had- not cbsugcd aolor by a shade. "You aro sorprlrod to sea mo," he said slowly " Well, I suppose It Ia natural that you should bo; it is exactly flvo yeara sinco wo parted. Tbe flvo years havo made a difference too." His dark eyes travelled loieurely over Stonman's appearance— an appcaranoo faultless and immaeulsto, the appcaranco of tbo sacooeeful man of tbe world. . Then with a oyniosl something tbat was liko a emllo thoy dropped to himself— shabby, seedy, a seaond-olaes passenger, nothing more. 'Btorrroan watched him with a blanching face. "Bo you in'ond to talk? To tell what you know? Ilow havo you been on board all tliio time without my seeing you?" " I was pretty well knocked up when wo left port; low fever or something of tbat sort, I had to toko my bunk ondstay there. As to talking— as to tailing the truth— what- do you think ? It strikes mo that this might boa good mouiont." Ho spoko impassively, not removing his ojos from thoEo of tbo man standing before him. " God ho&vetf;, llorfl t, bavo SQmopily 1 ,f -am'chgsged to bo mairUd. The"gi;Ms%htrs —on board— nt Ibis instant—" T "Ah t it would bo cvon n better moment tban I thonght, then, would it not ? Yunr gains bavo mado you rich, your identity has been successfully sunk out of sight ; you are about to win a presumably gooi girl for your wife. Yep, I think tbo momrnt would bo well ohosen for bringing yon to book. As to pity, did you show mo any ? What am I to be moved to coropaerion for ? Because you let mo rot in n prison fivo years? I .ought to dci'pieo you too much to Got von- goonco out of you; but I dou'l. I have waited for this hour frr fivo yearn; I have dreamed of it, planned for it. When I got out to tho light of day again I tracked you, found you, followed you on board this ship. It wasn't cony work finding you either. Tho highly respectable Itogcr Storrmnn of to-day has obliterated every traco of his identity with tho John Itcgerron ol fivo years ogo, wbo was a forger, a thief and a felon — " " Hash— for God's sakd, hush I" "At last Ilorot went on; unperturbed, " fato haa put you under my hand. Bo you think I shall let you slip ?" Tbo last word died abruptly upon his lips. A woman's slight figure wna moving slowly along tho deck, tbo last glow of tbo sunset was behind her Her oyen fixed on Storr- man and a bnU smllo patted her lips. Tbo man loaning back opaluat tho roll of cor dage at his feet sho did not notico at all, IIo was, to her casual glance, a shabby, sooond- cabln passenger with whom Htorr- man had been kindly enough to onter into cursory talk. " I havo boon w&iting; for you," nho said, with a doop«ning of tho adorable smllo cu her lips. Sbo slipped her arm through / : Storraan'6 and thoy moved away together. And tho man left behind watched tho two re treating forms motionleeoly, breathlessly. This was tho gul whom Utorrman was about la marry! The last fiomo o! red had faded oat of tho sky and tho atars wcro coming faintly out. Tbo still heat bod grown moro still on>la .deneo bank of cloud was forming slowly 'against tbo'horizon Tho captain passed, liia cap low over his oyce, a brooding frown in tbo latter. A sailor watched tho horizon, Aad still Burnt did not move. He had gouo baok five, ten yeara, in bi3 lifo There had been wild moments of early voulh that hod brought regret, ond then a bitter reaping of such wild o&la; iu further aud perilous rccklcssncca. now had Hlorr- man and ho first fallen In together? It had been shortly after hia own coming to Aus tralia, Storrmaa, sprang from nothing, visions to the core, with naught hut his ani mal good looks and his unbounded audacity to serve him, had aroused tho younger rnao, and, wbilo Horst was hall contemptuous ol him, perhaps bad influenced him as wol). Tbo ono was utterly unscrupulous ; tbo other, with all bis icoklessncrc, a man of honor. And Storrman, conscious of Sbo dif ference, of tho Indlslioct, tho irritating superiority, bad hated hie boon companion, nurst bad known it and had not oared. "IIo would servo mo any ccurvy trick," bo said to hlmooll coolly. And a timo camo when his foresight was vindicated. By a Rirsngo 'combination of ciicumstacces, Btorrman, who had forged, found himself ono day in n position to cover himsolf by falcely securing and involviug floret. Ha did both. Ho vaniehod, leaving no traco behind him. Iloiet.thalaw at hia heels, mado a desperate flight by night. To a pate, frail young girl, white in tho light of a summer moonbeam, ho bad owed a temporary escape. But bo- (oro raanv days, bo had been (racked, oap- tuicd and imprisoned— cvitlcnco not facing completo against him— for fivo years only. Now tho flvo years wero over. And iu one day lie bad seen tbo man and tho woman with whom hie every thought in those five years had been associated— tho man whom he bated and on whom ho bad sworn to avodro himself, end tbo woman whom ho loved, for by ono of tbo stronco mysteries of human passion, lloret, reckless, careless, cynical, had oomo to lovo this gir), seen but once, radiant as an angel of inoroy and of wboso natno even ho was ignorant. And sho it was whom bis enemy was to marry I A Kuddon goet 0? vritd tors bi i eap from bfs oyer. There was a ruffling eound In his cars, llobtogpcred to his feet. The ecu had turned over all its oxpanio a deneo, oily green, deepening in tho trough of tho waves to A gray blackness. What awful change had como over that smiling naturo — that infinite bluo tbat had subsisted for so many data? Tbo forco of tbo hurricane, of lbs fierce, tropic storm, torsi over tbo sbip a few seconds later. It bad grown swiftly, dcmely dark, Tbe orders of the captain rang faintly through tho roar and hies of wind and wave. Then, after a time — was It miautn or hours — tbera camo another change. Tho fury of tbo storm had spent Itself But tbo vessel had sprung aleak and was sinking A wild tosh for tho boats, cries of women, oaths of men. Am! then— wbo shall cay by what supremo instinct — Horst found him self struggling through the frantic prcea of diing souls near to the side of Koiatvs and bis arm about her Afli&hcf; lightning il lumined her still, white face, strangely com- poeod and qalct, and fltorrman's distorted with terror, elbowing women out of his way liko a beset, looking only for tho boats lor bis own safety, forgetful of all elso. Already lloret had lifted Itoealyz In his arms. " Stand back," hs cried fiercely. And tho last boat was launched, and Itosal/B had a piece of tafefyin it. There was another forward lurch, and then it was seen that tbo women had all been transferred to tho boats. And now thero was room for only ono more— a man. They etood eido by side— floret and Siorr- maun. Which should it bo ? It was tbo work of n eccond Should ho tako bis rovenge now? It lay in liia grasp. With ono bound ho ooald Ivavu Storrman behind him to faco death Who uhall tell Ihn frtrrmliitmnfl nfthnt inflnitpfilmnl frneiian of time? Then something that had survived through tho wreak 0! much tbat lmd been noblest in tho man assorted iUelf. IIo stepped back. Storrman was saved. At this gate of a Email cottage In a quiet town, a girl, dressed simply in black, waited toward tho'oloso of tbe day. It wasRssftlys, and obe was abanged. Something of ths luminous young softness bad gono out of her eyes; in them was a graver depth, Sho was a littlo older, a littlo moro serious, Oco dread experience may add years to tbo life, Bosalys waited for a stop to approach through tho dark, end finally it camo, It was that of a man,' and R»alys flushed and grow palo ; then a stillness fell ovor her. H& was standing before ber now; ho had como for his answir ; bat be did not ask for it, ho did not plead.. Ilia eyes wcro downoast no was like a culprit beforo a judge Suddenly sho'extended her hand. IIo raised bis oyos and saw hers, through tbo gloaming, diffused with tender tears of love. "II you have - only pity for me," bo bo- gan. "Pity! NoC Orpity and somcthingcloo — yos. Whfin you abdicated your own cbanco of lifo for a man wbo bad done you enoh harm; when you cor quered your desire for rovengo and yourself, you did that which moro than atonod for tho follies and slna of a reckless youth. And now you bavo told mo that you love me. Yon know that I mourned that man— Roger Storrman. But I knew nothing of bis past. Now I do know—" -Sbo paused and IIor;t looked at her. For it was floret. How Storrmnn had bnen lost that night of the wreak a year before and Horst saved was ono Of tho mysteries of that Awful hour. Horst only remembered that when ha had stepped hack to givo Storrman his cbanco of life, there had suddenly been a rush of wr.(ero,in his cars, fallowed by a surgiug hlackners around him. Madly ho had thrown a clutoh out ut something, and tbcu ho found himself clinging to tho utdo ot too boat, Everything bolweeu that momont end tho hour when tho boats wero taken up by a sail ing vessel tho next day was a blank, out 0! which thero staffed distinctly ono rcmcm- tbranco only — tbo eight o! Rosalyo's whito face, still quiot, otiil oompoecd. Ho had oomo back to civilisation to fiod hlmeolf tho lioir to a small fortune left him by a distant relative, to whom bis wild carror in Aus tralia had been unknown. And he had come back to more— to a dcairo for a respectable lite, omphaeleed a thousandfold by tho lovo which bad now grown into a holy pas sion. At this instant a great and wondrous hopo n! lovo returned aroao in bis hoart, Trom- bliofi ho put it from him, "But think what my lifo has boeu? Think—" "I think only that I lovo you," was tho elmplo answer. Thon eho smilod sadly, divinely, " No moro wild oats I" sho said, 