ANNIVERSARY SNNRIONA. The anniversary, services in. connection with the ' Woaleyan^ Sunday Sohool were celebrated in the Church on Sunday last. The interior of the building waB prettily decorated for the occasion with beautiful flowers and greenery, and with choice scriptural mottoes presented a pleasing appearance. The children were seated on platforms on both sides of the pulpit, the choir and senior scholars being seated in the centre. The congregations were large and during the services specially selected hymns from the " Children's Hosannas" were ren dered creditably by the children and choir. Mr W. Ponsford acted as conductor, Miss .T. Cunningham presiding at the organ; AC conipanimenti were played by Messrs J. Parkhill (cornet) and F. Smithers (piccolo). At the morning service the Rev. S. Sanders ohose as his text the 3rd ohapter second ep'stle of Timothy, 15tb verse-" From a ohild thou haBt known the holy scriptures, whioh are able to make thee wise unto salvuti in through faith which iB in Christ Jesus." The preacher said that it was evi dent from the ltfe of Caul the apostle that be had n great deal of gladness and sadness in prosecuting his arduous work. He wag not influenced by the nps and downs of life as he had the peace of God in his heart and manifested it in his whole convorsatiort. When he found the gospel prevailing, and saw idolatrous things overturned, his soul swelled, with rapture,, and he thanked God for the success of Christianity. He, however, had something on the other side-a continual sorrow of heart.-This waB oaused by the negleot and waywardnesa, of some. When he saw and thpught of his kinsmen; he said that he wished himssflf accursed, if he oould by this means, save them. Demos' had forsaken him ; and the apostle saw that there was a grievous time coming in which there would be backsliding and unfaithful ness. He, however, rejoioed in Timuthy because he knew his character. Paul also knew that Timothy learnt the soripture from a child, and those that learnt and loved God's word were the people likely to be stable andsteady, and pillars of tha ohnrch. They were that day celebrating the anniver sary of the Sunday Sohool. Their great airtl was to let the children become early acquainted with the scriptures so that they could grow up as plants in the house of the Lord. The holy scriptures was the grand text book of the Sunday school. The Bible could not occupy a too high and honorable position. The Old Testament contained the New Testament concealed and theNew Testa ment had the old revealed. One waB the dawn and the other the Bun of righteousness with healing in its beams. Commenting upon the inspiration of the sacred writers of the scriptures, the preacher said that God took possession of them and gave them the sacred truths, and they according to their own gifts uttered them. Kingslake, . and Tennyson' wero also possessed of . in spiring thoughts and wrote accorJ ing to their own thinking, and gave grand accounts of some great events. The painter also painted beautiful pictures and in this way gave beautiful illustrations of events. Half of Christ's leBsons were pictures. The sacred writers were lifted up to see what others were denied, and they spoke as if impelled and moved by the Holy Ghost. They never l ist their charm as they_ came in contact with both humau and divine mindB. Another reason for the writing of the scriptures was to promote holiness of heart and life. It was not written for information of historical works but to make men holy and to promote love. It contained the rules for their daily lives and if men only adopted them what brotherly love, honesty, etc., would be promofc d 7 He instanced a case of an infidel travelling through the bush ; night coming on lie was obliged to dwell for the eight with the occu pant of a hut. The infidel carried a Jot of money, and afraid of the looks of his host, resolved to sit up during the night by.the tire. Presently.the host prepared ta. retire for the night, but before doing so took a bible from a shelf, and after reading a chapter wished the infidel "good right." The infidel's fears were-at once dismissed and he went to bed with the utmost composure. He thought that the man who took the Bibta to regulate his life would not do him any harm. An early acquaintance with the Bible was of great value. They could never get beyond its teaching, and to think of superseding it was making a lamentable mistake. Some thought that the Bible was very good for children, and the dying chamber, but in the full activity of life it was considered as not required. It should not be relegated to some place of obscurity as it was wai.tod through the whole voyage of life, and by reading it they would find its value. The lessons in creased_ in interest the more familiar they were with them. A child's mind waB called sensitive paper for any picture the artist liked to paint and they should wipe wicked ness off and write upon it tho love of God and the truths of Jesus. A« far as he (the prencher) knew there were no Sunday schools i" the olden time?, but they heard the truths of 3od from the lips of trodly parents. Now the pirents.had h grand opportunity of send i tg their children t-> the Sabbath school. I They listened to the Bible Btories with inter est and received lessons which would never ' be erased. In the etnte school system of education he hoped the time would come when the blot would b<) removed, and Bible lessons take nplieeintho carricul'im. He trusted the teachers would store the children with God's words. The hymns at present wore deteriorating in words of direct teaching. In times of tempt ition the words learnt in the school 9iiBt»itied thorn, and were ,an anchor in time of storm. In conclusion he hoped they wo"H have personal faith. They all had their duties to do, and'if they bel'oved, obeyed, and loved the L->rd, he would be 'their shepherd and guide. In tho'aftemoon a special address WHS de livered to- the children by the Rev S. (Siitidets./,. it the evening service the same preacher jocoupied 'the/pulpit,- and drew the ntkeiition of. his' hearers to the 6th chapter Uul-itions 9r,h verse-" list us not be weary in well doing j for iii duo season wo Bhall reap, if we faint not."- The preacher said that, Vaul, the writer of the text was. n< t a shallow onthu Blast or a sentimental dreamer, but was like a -vessel with a good press of canvas and well ballasted. All through his minstry he had a good conception of the great truths of Ohriat and insisted upon his preaohing having practical dealing with daily life. Tliey should have patience in well doing. In sinful conversation they were not well doers and did iv t exnerience I food's redeeming gruce. By departing from ' evil, and accepting Christ, and receiving the | Holy Ghost, they got power to walk in the light; of Gnd'a countenance. Thoy bad to persevere with all diligence when thoy once Eub their hand to the plough, and nob go ack and get tired of the Christian life as some of the disoiples did. Thoy should let their light shino "before men and with their go<>d works and influence, it would tell on tho side of good. It bhould be their con tinual aim to do good. All had oppor tunities although not possessed with the name talents. With speech and testimony and teaching in the tJubbith schools good would bo accomplished. Assisting in ex tending the missionary work would be doing good and helping fc> bring tho lost from darkness to light. The injunction of Christ to feed his Iambs had to be borne in mind, as the children had to fill tho places of tho parorts who were paes'ng away. By the Sunday school work the minds of tho child ren were made retjniive, and impressions were made which would provo everlasting. Persovurenco wmb required, and temptations fo go back should be avoided, although, like Christ and the Apostles, direct and bitter opposition was brought to boar against them. Christ, w! o, was blasphemed, was also condemned by the woild, and the apostles swho were doing good were shut up in priaon, fined, and put to death, Great reformer^ who went fprth to stir up tho people were perBectited, reviled, and shamefully trpnted for preach r>" the simple goBpel. In Cornwall, Charles Weill jy knew the buildings of the W eslcyans by the appearance of their houses which were dilapidated and smashed by the perse cutors. Such days had passed away, but etill exceedingly distressing indifference was met with. People did not oaro what wbb done for their benefit, and sometimes parpnts were as indifforent hs their children about theiriwelfare. Faithful workers had to toil on without apparent success, month after month and year after year; their strength was oxpanded for nothing and the hope deferred made their heart sick. The apoBtle Paul knew the nature of discourage ments, and was treated as a felon, but he said that they should nrt lese heart and abandon tho wBrk. . fho assurance waa given that they would reap in due seasoii, if they fainted not. The husbandman had to wait for the seed t} grow, an4 although in fear of drought, floods, and plagues, the aots of Providence enabled him to gather in the harvest. All did not meet with the expected result, but the reward came in due season. When Eaike's Btarted tho Sunday school he was laughed at and scoffed, but with perae verence it waa successful, and now schools were established in every town and village. When ColumbuB orossed the Atlantic in searoh of. America the men nearly mutinied and thought that they \vere going to death. Ooluttibus, however, assured the men that if land waB not found within 24 hours, he would go baok, and next morning "land" was the cheerful cry, and Columbus was enabled to carry out hia project. Tho success <i-as attained when it was nearly proving a failure. In conclusion he asked them to persevere in well doing. The addresses were listened. to wtyh much interest. Oollections were taken in aid of the Sunday school work. 