THE REV. CHARLES CLARK. Coming amongst- us once, again after an absence of scarcely twelve months, t-lie Rev. Charles Clark, whose name liaa for well-nigh 15 .years been a household word in the family eirolfes of this city, needs no introduction to our reader&£ Other* elocutionists have come, and gone, while of lectures of all descriptions there lias been no lack, yet in' his own specialty this : reverend preacher of lay sermons stands with out peer upon an eminence created by the individuality of the treatment of his subject. Charles Dickens's beautiful " Christ mas Carol1' affords him scope for the display of the dramatic powers with which he is so richly endowed, surpassed in none of his recitals. Possessed of physical attributes peculiarly fitted to interpret this work, _ lie presented to the large and appreciative audience which crowded the Town Hall on Thursday evening a series of mental pic tures of the scenes and characters con jured up by the pen of the master realistic as the illustrations of Cruikshank. Though selections from the "Carol" have pre viously been rendered in the course of other lectures, this was the first occasion on which this recital in its present complete form has been given in Adelaide. It was presented for the first time in Australia at the latter end of last August, when a Sydney audience received it with every sign of satisfaction, their verdict being endorsed by the golden opinions won in Melbourne on the evening of May 9. The appearance of the lecturer was the signal for a warm greeting from his expectant audience, with whom he at once placed himself upon a friendly footing by that ease of manner habitual to him. Like all prominent figures in public and plat form life, the Rev. Charles Clark has certain mannerisms by which he could under any cir cumstances be recognised ; his peculiarities are however so much a part and parcel of his in dividuality that they are anxiously looked for. and in a measure help to endear him to Ins many friends in the auditorium. Upon coming for ward he prefaced his remarks by stating that lie proceeded on the exact lines laid down by Dickens himself, the only alterations being those sanctioned by the great master. He divided the charming fantasy of the " season of good cheer" into four staves, commencing his recital with the narration of the circumstances which led up to the miserly Scrooge being visited by old Marley's ghost. He so graphically de scribed him "from whose heart of flint no .steel had ever struck the generous fire," that liis fauditory could well imagine they saw the living man before them of whom it was said "the rain and sleet sometimes came down handsome, but Scrooge never." He was depicted sitting in his office inveighing against "Merry Christmas" and all who rejoiced therein, repelling his nephew when he comes full of jollity to bid him rejoice in the season of festivity, refusing assis tance in charitable works when _ waited upon for a subscription,' and _ bullying his unfortunate clerk, Bob Cratchitt. Then the scene changes, in an even more deft and _ im perceptible manner than under the skilled hand of the stage mechanic, to his gloomy lodgings in the chambers of a dingy back street. As he opens his door he starts back affrighted as he fancies that the knocker bears a curious resemblance to the face of his defunct partner. Gradually as the nujht wears on his uneasiness increases, until ax length to his disordered imagination the very disembodied spiritoF the departed Marley enters through the massive door, which he had double-locked upon entering. In terror and amaze ,lie tries to persuade himself that it is not a reality, but nis efforts are unavailing, and then occurs an interview between the two old partners, in which humor and pathos were blended in a manner peculiar to Dickens, and interpreted with a force and delicacy peculiar to Clark. Before departing the ghost informs Scrooge that he will be visited by .three spirits, and it 5K upon his wanderings with "Christmas Past" that he is next encountered. XTnder the guidance of this unearthly visitant he visits scenes of his youth, long buried in the oblivion of the past. He sees anew the ball at {rood old Jewigzz's^the employer of his 'prentice days, and once more sits beside the sweetheart of ? his manhood and hears her sad tones as with melancholy resignation she reproaches him with allowing another idol-a golden one-to replace her in his heart. Once more he argues with her and endeavors to justify himself, and it is in this scene that are displayed some of the truest touches of pathos ' in the first portion of the recital; touches which it is needless to say are thoroughly appreciated and expressed. Next appears the spectre of "Christmas present/' and with it Scrooge-in whom a feeling of re pentance is now fast obtaining the mastery strolls along the streets observing the Christina* shops and the customers who throng them. Then his guide turns his steps towards the humble dwelling of his poor clerk, Bob Cratchitt, whose family are gaily preparing their Christmas cheer. A picture such as only Dickens has ever drawn of a " poor homo" and its inmates is then presented in such a manner that the audience fully enter into the feeling* of each member of the family during the pro gress of their Christmas dinner. They sea ths young Cratchitts half frantic with the delight* of anticipation, and " Tiny Tim," the cripplo baby of the family, with his prematurely drawn face and little crutch. They picture the very expression of the various faces as tlia father gives the toast of " The founder of tha feast, Mr. Scrooge," which is "honored" iu solemn silence. Next the lecturer transports them to the house of Scrooge's nephew, where the company are assembled after dinner. Here again those present) were treated to rare delicacy of portrait-painting and character delineation by the aid of language alone. The pretty and vivackm* hostess; her "plump sister with the lac* tucker," the young man with the bass voicn who is smitten with her charms, the game of blind man's buff in which they engage and the "word guessing" in which Scrooge himlelf plays a "name"_ part, all are presented m a series of kaleidoscopic miniatures. Tlio fourth stave introduces the third and last spirit, the darkly solemn " Christmas future." The now thoroughly repentant- Scrooge is con ducted through scene after scene of horror, which show to him how people will sp?.ak of, and act towards him after his death if lift dons not change his mode of life. With vivid por traiture the scene" in the pawnbroker h shop, to .which after his demise those who can get a hand on his belongings come to pledge tlw ba-.l curtains and the very shirt thoy had torn from liis scarcely cold body, and the'manner in which men on 'Change receive the news of his demise, are placed before tlia mental vision of the audience; the elim%x of pathos, beiug reached in the descrip tion of thb second visit to the home of thu Crachitts after the inferred death of " Tiny Tim," and that to the graveyard where'the-now completely transformed man reads his own name upon a tombstone. Here, just as the* nerve tension of those present is becoming too greats to be pleasurably borne the scene is changed to the chambers of Scrooge once more, where he finds himself to his joy " in his own bed, in his own room, with his own curtaini round him, but, best of all, with the time be fore him as his own," and he rejoicas to fo;l that he can change what he had sean might be a forecast of his future by changing his actions and disposition. He does change. He doe3 good wherever I in can, and brightens the lives of the Cratchitt Family so that they never after knew the bitter pinch of poverty and tho dismal press of want. |He make* himself agreeable to hU nephew and all with whom he comes in con tact, iui^|[fii)ir|iv^|i1j; "tnrr ends in such a manner as tom&fiSill;::whoW^iieard it homo in a com f or-? of .-"mulS^ The late Dean Stanlo^^^i^n one-ooca's^j that this carol is " the Mrajfaj^tv- 3eraiG#jjra£ preached," and while no^ozglfSnuM liear it as deli, it is equally certain thaSBBg^rai^jl^^KLivered by an abler prea-c^Charles Clark, who it is add was warmlv applauded a^^^^^pli^fon of the recital. Bret Il'arte M^^mn^ealhis production of the fanciful brainlaMrready pen of the departed novelist, but wnengdeiivered by a master of elocution, who seems thoroughly imbued with the spirit animating* tlie mind of the writer, and permeating' every line of his composition, criticism is disarmed, aud the hearer listens only to the harmonies of a delightful Christmas fantasia. _ \i3 This evening the popular lecture, "The Tower of London," will be delivered by the Eev. Charles Clark, on which occasion his Excellency the Governor and the Countess of ICintore have signified their intention of being present. Afresli recital will be given every even ing, Tuesday next included, though owing to Lis passage having been taken by the Lusi tania, which leaves on Wednesday next, it is impossible for any further opportunities to be offered of hearing the "prince of lecturers/' 