CHAPTEE VIL-THE DEDICATION: TO GOD. On the eighth day:after,the birth, in accord ance with aniancient law and invariable-usage among the Jews, the Yocxg CHILD was pro bably carried to the Temple and there pre sented to the priests for circumcision, which was a right indicative of a dedication of infancy to the God of Israel..- The ceremony may have been performed in a synagoguS of. Bethlehem, bub as Jerusalem wSs arily six miles distant and the- Temple was" regarded with great1 reverence, esjrecially-by those of-such! devout minds and pions; reflections -as Mary, .who, legend declares^ was instructed there, we are almost forced into the belief that she selected this ^greater synagogue of the Lord in which the dedication should be made. . 'At this cere mony the name JESUS, pronounced at the annunciation, was'given to the'Ghild,'who was thus made a member of the congregation of Israel. The Jews, as previously observedj were re-, markable for their dogmatic conformity to old established' rites and a rigorous attention to their religious; ritualism. Among these re quirements was one which forbade a mother to appear-in public or to touch any saered thing until a period of forty days- after the birth of her male child; and this exclusion, was neces sary for a. space of sixty-six days after the birth of a daughter, at the.end of which re spective times the mother was required to re pair to some holy place-a synagogue or the Temple-to - receive from a priest the rite of purification. Thus Mary was'in . seclusion thirty-two days.after the circramcision'of 'her babe, which.term she doubtless: spent in praise, offerings at Bethlfthem, perhaps in the house of some newly-found and sympathising friend, for it appears from the account given by Matthew that she sojurned in that place for two months after the nativity^ THE VISIT TO'THE TEMPLE. . At length-the time for Mary's .purification was at hand and; wemay imagine with what joy she hailed', the termination of her enforced isolation,.^ the- social ostracism, - the separation from friends, the long retirement in. ordained. seclusion. And we may also picture the delight which Bhe, now felt in a presentation of her firstborn,, the thrill of expectation, the gladsome exhilaration that'/fills the heart of a young-mother;-and- especially of her who was^now- giving nourishment to a prince-, ling whoselife was to be thelight-of- a world» And at the end of -the-fortieth rday we;,can almost .hear her .cheerful , voice, as. she must have called,to Joseph, likea May, queen on the. morningof her coronation, "Get thee ready,_ Joseph; -haste and saddle up the ass, the. precious BABE is even notf ready and the bag of provisions is waiting by the door." And' Joseph, responsive to her bidding, perhaps'no less joyful, hurried to the stall," which was probably a chamber in the: habitation, and leading out a little fluffy, demure, and very ancient- looking -ass, placed Mary and the Child thereon, and with staff in hand to- give him aid over thejstony. way, the party, set out for Jerusalem, Tho i'oad was rough, even though z hignway of common, travel, passing Ground the base of a considerable. hill ana leading on by many memorable places, and up., the rich Valley ' of' Rephaim, where giants were once supposed- to dwell, with Mount Zion rising loftily on "the sooth as if to excite remembrance of its desecration by the camp of Pompey ; and by the amphitheatre of Herod, in wnich revolting games and sacrifices to heathen deities were common as entertainments for the-people only a few years before. Ay, a memorable journey, well calculated to excite amotion in an impressionable nature such-as Maiy's, until the feeling of horror and revolt ing reflection was suddenly dissipated by a sight of the Holy City and the dazzling splendor of the great Temple bursting, upon her vision. ;.; JJAGSmCENCE OK THE TEJIBLB. 'h Not only was a sight of the Temple a spiritual consolation and one which aroused patriotic impulses as well , as religious enthu siasm ; but the saered and monumental edifice was of such extravagant splendor that ho eye might gaze upon it without a feeling' of be wildering surprise, and admiration. There first arose before the vision of the visitor approaching from the south the promontory of Uphel, which was the residence.of the Levites. At its foot was the pool of Siloam, and midway on its-eastern face was the Fount of the Virgin. Higher up, and on the apex, was the Royal Porch of the Temple, white as snow under a cloud and bright as a mirror when struck by the sun. On one side_ was a stone wall of - extraordinary-height which served as a Foundation for the iemple, and which to . the beholder appeared like a link of masonry con necting the valley with the skies. . The Tower of Bavid^ which served as an armory for the nation,-reared its huge size as ar sentry guard ing the Temple,; beyond> which were the cloisters and-then the outer courfc, the entrance to which was through an > archway, over which was a stone screen -nearly live, feet in height. On this screen was-written an order in the Greek -and- Jtoiuan languages forbidding the entry of any Gentile. Inside - this outer court was a large open space which had been converted into a . bazaar and marketplace, where bullocks, sheep, doves, and pigeons were sold for sacrificial offerings, and 'where money-changers had their offices for the exchanging of. coins brought by worshippers living in the several provinces tributary to the Holy Land. Beyond this outer court and approaching the temple proper was an5 elegant mosaic pavement whioh fed up to "the Gate Beautiful," which Josephus declares was forty feet in height and so heavy that it required the combined effort) of twenty men to open or close. This gate was made of Corinthian brass kept burnisned so brightly that it was like the sun, and above Herod had 'caused to be fixed the Roman Eagle as a sign of the dependency of Israel on the Roman government? For this reason the Jews passed through this gateway with such rebellious feelings as characterised the Swiss peasantry when they bowed to Gessler's hat. - Besides the Gate Beautiful there were nine other entrances with doors of little less magni ficence, covered as they were with silver and gold. These gates admitted into yet another smaller court, and to a flight of steps which led to a considerably elevated platform on which was the court of the priests, and in the centre of which was the altar of burnt-offering and the brazen laver, while in the' rear was the holy place, separated from the court by a rich tapestry embroidered in scarlet, blue, and purple, and supported by golden hooks fastened in five pillars of shittim wood veneered with gold. This veil was hung in front of the sanctuary or holy place, behind which none but priests were permitted to pass. A second veil of yet richer fabric and orriamentationseparated the holy place from the holy of holies, whioh was parted only once a year by the high priest and that on the Day of Atonement. : It was to the court of ? the priests that Mary brought her babe for the service of dedication' of God and her own_purification^ This cere ' mony was simple, being little: more' than the administration of a priestly blessing, but the ?parent was required to present for sacrifice a lamb if the applicant was wealthy, or a pair of turtle doves if poor. Besides this there was required to be paid the sum of five shekels, equivalent to about 3.121 dollars of American money,'hs a redemption fee. THE DECLARATION AND- PROPHECY OF. SIHEON AND ANNA. . i As Mary was presenting her firstborn, amid a crowd of waiters, some of whom were present as spectators and many others who had come ' for the same purpose thai brought her, a holy and very aged man, named Simeon; who had : faithfully followed the Mosaic law and lived in glorious expectation of the coming of a Redeemer, was suddenly, by -inspiration,_made to recognise in Mary's Babe< the " Messiah of God." Therefore, immediately ^ after .the ceremony of dedication and purification was complete, he approached the Madonna with ?reverently outstretched hands and took the Babe in his arms, and raising his eyes to heaven poured out his gracious acknowledgment, to j God, saying, " Lord, now -lette3t Thou Thy servant depart in peS&e;, according to Thy word; for mine eyes have seen Thy salvation, which Thou has prepared before the face of all people-a light to lighten the Gentiles' and the glory of Thy people Israel." The spirit of the Holy Ghost being upon him he spake, then as a prophet, through the understanding given . by God to Mary, "Behold, this Child is set for the fall and rising, again of many in Israel, and for a sign that shall be spoken-against; yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also." Thisiprophecy was singularly fulfilled in the crucifixion, and with the Divine light in Mary's soul she may well have"marvelled at those things which were spoken o£ Him." . But to the recognition of Simeon there was the re-enforcement of a like, declaration from a {prophetess named - Amaa,^ who had spent' nearly all the eighty-four years of her life in the Temple, and who: had given all her days to a rigorous observance of the .holy ? ordinances to the attainment of: those graces which bring the soul into perfect rapport with the Deity. She had lost her husband after only seven years of-marriage, when she must have been still young; but she gave-her broken hearb to the Lord, and henceforth, as Luke says, "she . departed not from the Temple, but served God with fastings . and prayers night tind day." -Being of the tribe of -Asher she no doubt came from Some town in Galilee, and spent her days in; the Temple in such worshipful reverence j that her sayings became.oracular and she was ' esteemed a prophetess.. To her . therefore was, j also given a revelation of the-infa,nt Messiah, j and, like Simeon, she broke" forth into thanks giving and spoke to; the people of the Re- | aeemer who had now come. : I "The service of presentation in the Temple having been completed Joseph and. Mary re- j turned to Bethlehem: where . directly " after there'was another manifestation attesting the Messiahship of the' Babe in the visit of wise men from the East, come by Divine direction to pay their homage and to bring the first acknowledgment from the Gentile world. (To he continued.J 