BREVITIES^ ? , ? ♦ ? — ? ? The Ven. Thomas Druitt, Archdeacon of Monaro, died at his residence, Chellas, John- street, Petersham, yesterday, in his 75th year, The deceased gentleman, who was formerly master of the King's School, Sydney, was ap- pointed incumbent of St. Paul's, Cooma, in 1856, canon of St. Saviour's Cathedral, Goulburn, in 1876, and archdeacon of Monaro in 1886. Dr. John Laurence Newton, formerly of Mudgee, but late of 90, Newtown-road, died on Tuesday. aged 52. He bscame a member of the Eoyal Col lege of Surgeons of England and a licentiate of the Society of Apothecaries, London, in 1862, and a licentiate of the Eoyal College of Physicians. Edinburgh, in 1868. A stoker named Thomas Jones, 30 years^of age, was admitted into the Sydney Hospital last night Buffering from a number of burns abont the arms, neck, and body. He was* employed at the Pyr mont Sugarworke, and while working at the f ur (-. nace became faint, and fell into the fire. At the inquest yesterday as to the death of the roan William Donaldson, who was found, in an unconscious condition on a vacant piece of land at Balmain on December 20, and who died at the Balmain Hospital on the following morning, two young men, Walter Eiley and Samuel Doyle, were committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter. Several illustrations of the recent cavalry tournament at Rosehill are given in the number for January 2 of the Town and Country Journal. On Wednesday, Mr. J. E. Bowden, Coroner for the Parramatta district, held an inquest at Auburn on the body of the postboy, Benjamin Morris, who was killed the previous day by being thrown from his horse. A man who witnessed the acci- dent stated that as deceased was in the act of mounting the horse, the animal swerved, and Morris was thrown, his skull being fractured. A verdict of accidental death was returned. A beautiful illustration of the Barrangarray Falls near Bowral is given in the New Tear's num ber of the Town and Country Journal. The A.-S.N. sports at Gulgong on New Tear's Day promise to be a great success. The greneral opinion on the western line is that the Railway Commissioners should lay a double line of rails through the new Lapstone Tunnel with a view to provide for a development of trade. The Eailway Commissioners were to return to town to-day from their northern inspection tour. It is considered very probable the Eailway Commissioners will be able to add this year another £300,000 to the £740,000 eraned money already to their credit at the Treasury. The South Coast and West Camden Co operative Farmers' Co. have shipped 70 tone of butter to London during the last few days. The antimony ore deposits at the head of the Narnbucca are proving to be «f enormous extent and richness. The demand for antimony has been greatly increased owing to the new uses to which ib is put — one of them being an esseatial in the manufacture of smokeless powder. The produce exported from New South Wales across the borders ameunted to .£6,919,491 in 1889, and £8,026,376 in 1890. By way of imports, we bought goods from the outside world to the extent of £22,615,004 last year; and byway of exp*ts, we sold to the world goods to the value of £22,045,937. The balance was thus slightly in our We imported goods from Victoria last year to the extent of £2,097,259, and w« exported to Vic toria goods to the value of -65,386,553, a. goofl portion of which, represented goods going across the border via Melbourne to Europe. Mr. George Reid, leader of the Opposition, is enjoying a spell in the country during the holiday season. During 1889 there were 44,989 hands engaged in the various manufactories, &c;, in New South Wales, and last year the number rose to 46,135. The returns about boot factories in New South Wales show that in 1889 there were 2420 hands employed, who made 2,196,815 pairs of boots, as against 2806 hands last year, whose output was 2,634,254 pairs o£ boots. The Postmaster-General (Mr. Kidd) and Mr. M'Court, M.L.A., visited Moss Vale yesterday. Several local requirements were inquired into, such as a water supply, road to Wombeyan Caves, and matters in connection with the Postal Depart ment. The new post office was inspected. J. C. Blythe, a Government surveyor, commit ted suicide at Rotorua, New Zealand, on Tuesday night, by taking poison. The death is announced in London, at the age of 49, of Mr. Robert Dixson, formerly of Adelaide, and late merriber tor Light in the Assembly. He was born in Sydney, and was connected with the firm of Messrs. Dixson and Co., tobacconists. The South Australian Government hopes to be able to decide/sext week what steps shall be taken to carryAout the Assembly's resolutions with regard to the settlement of an Indian com munity in tho Northern Territory. The death is announced of the prioress of the Convent of the Dominican Order at North Ade laide. With regard to the motion cairied in the South Australian Assembly in favor of reducing the cost ©f maintenance of the gunboat Prteoct»r by manning her from the naval reserve, the Govern ment intends to defer action until the return from England of Commander Walcet. The true version of the ' Fisher Ghost Story ' is given in the New Tear's number of the Town and Country Journal. A full report of the trial of the murderer is included in this interesting article; The death is announced of Daniel Tvromey, of Kolar, Penshurst, near Hamilton (Vic). He arrived in Victoria in 1843, and took up the Kolar country. The Governor and Lady Jersey will be ban queted at Adaminaby on January 5. Mr. E. G. Brown, M.L.A., and. others have arranged to meet the vice-regal party at Kiandra on the morning of January 7 and convey them to Yarrangobilly Caves, going thence to Tumut. The Premier, the Treasurer (the Hon. John See) and Mrs. See, and about six members of Parliament will accom pany the vice-regal party. The case of Ellen Scarcebrook, tried in Melbourne on November 19, for the murder of her son, age 5 was brought before Governor Hopetoun, with a view to secure her release from prison, to which* she was committed during the Governor's pleasure, on the ground that she was insane at the time. The Governor made an order for her release. A movement is on foot to establish a fruitcan ning: factory at Tenterfield to utilise the large crops of fruit grown in the district. A telegram from Melbourne stateB that Mr* William Deane, late of Enmore, Sydney* has left £28,000 to be equally divided between the British and Foreign Bible Society, the Church Missionary Society, and the Church PastorSI Aid Society. ' A Tenterfield wire states that in the National Prize competition, for 1891 J. H. Sommerled won the first prize of £50 in class 2 for mixed farms over 200 acres, and T. Curley the Becond prize of £25 in class 1 for mixed farms under 200 acres. Mr. T. A. Coghlan/the Government Statistician, left Sydney on Wednesday by the Melbourne ex press en route to Hobarfc, where he will attend a conference of Australasian Government Statis ticians. . -* Complaints are being made at Germantxm by sheepowners owing to the proclamation issued by the Colonial Treasurer last year, that all sheep returns are to be sent to Albury instead of to the ? clerk of petty sessions at firermanton. Harvesting is in full swing in the Cudal district. The yield o£ wheat is from 10 to 25 bushels per acre. At Lismore on Wednesday an inquiry was held into the origin of the recent fire, .by which the Goonelabah Hotel was burnt. The jury returned an open verdict. ' The Postmaster-General was entertained at the Exchange Hotel, Mittagong, on Tuesday evening. The mother of Mr. T. H. Kennedy, of InvereU, was found dead in bed on Wednesday. At the inquest the medical testimony proved that death, resulted fromanourism of the aorta. : At the annual meeting of the Co-operative Dairy Co., held at Mudgee on 'Wednesday, a divi dend of 8 per cent, was paid to the shareholders, and a balance of £698 was carried forward. 