those blessed shrimps. Of course I was quite delighted when I heard that I was invited, with my mother, to stay three or four days with Sir Pompous and Lady Gold parer. At my age, eighteen,"one en joys everything, though mother Baid ghe feared I might find it rather dull; ' but when I told my dearest friend, Emmeline "Walsh, who I knew was also going, that I was invited too, all ghe said was: " Gracious! my dear child, I hope you intend to take lots of provisions with you, or else you'll be starved to a certainty!" " Starved!" exclaimed I, incredu lously; "why, I thought the (Sold parers were enormously rich, and that they kept a French cook and all sorts of good things!" "Certainly they do, my dear," replied Emmeline, who, by virtue of her twenty- one years, always patro nized me and my ignorance, "cer tainly, they are aB rich as CrcesUs—m fact, as rich as two Croesuses, for they have each large fortunes, and they're as mean as—as Paul Pry!" (Why Paul Pry, Emmie did not gay, and I did not pause to think.) " They keep a Prench cook—a man, I believe," continue Emmie; " bnt whatever he cooks, he must cook it all awav, or the butler and footmen eat it on the road to the dining-room, for there ib never enough to eat on the table. Aurelia Downe and I, when we go there, always take & basket of provisions witp us, and have private lunches and suppers in our bedrooms; it's sixch 'fun ! Will you join, Nor ah ?" . ■ * ; • "Is Aurelia going this lime?" I inquired. " Oh, yes; there'll be the three of us. Won't it be jolly?,v "Yes, indeed," replied .I, highly delighted. "Then tell me—how do ue manage about the provisions?" "Oh, it's very easy," answered Emmie. " We each take a loaf, and then anything else we like, and a knife and fork and spoon. As we are close to Hawston—Which is quite a nice little town—if we get short of food in the middle of the week, we can pretend we want a walk, and go to Eawsion and lay in a fresh stock." 1 agreed immediately to do this likewise, and the mystery of all these proceedings (for Emmie made me promise not to tell my mother any thing about it) greatly enhanced my enjoyment in prospect. The following Monday we went to Goldparer Park in time for lunch. In the excitement of packing, and it being my first visit since I left school, I had forgotten Emmie Walpn'f warn ing. I ate neither a good breakfast nor remembered to take -something before leaving home. So when lunch eon was announced I was as hungry as—well, as a schoolgirl just eighteen usually is. The gentlemen of the party had all gone to a small race meeting at Kawston, so we sat down to table—aeven ladies and Sir Pom pous himself, who did not care about races. He and Lady Goldparer imbued me with terror and alarm. They were both between fifty and sixty years of age, but had nothing genial or pleasant about them; they were cold, worldly, purse-proud, and stingy. We girls sat silent, and were rarely spoken to, while our mothers and the elder ladies were occasionally invited to admire first one and then the other of Sir Pompous's posses sions, and this seemed all the con versation.- He was tall and portly, and Lady Golaparer was the same; and when at lunch I found myself seated near him, I was not very com fortable. My heart sank when I beheld the footmen handing round—one a dish of tiny lamb cutlets, the other a dish of chicken fricassee, so small and delicate looking that it appeared to me 1 could have eaten the whole of one for one helping, and the whole of the other for my second help! The dishes were large and of massive silver, the footmen were gigantic, but, alas! the food was infinitesimal. . We girls resolved on a first-rate supper that night, for though we managed to get more at dinner, the entrees were bo email that one knew i£ one took more than one's share it would deprive some one else j and of joint* Sbd, and game one waB offered such a modicum that I calculated 1 had only a fair-sized mouthful of each! In the centre of the table was an enormous epergne of silver, and this was crowded with the most magnificent fruit I ever saw—huge bunches of grapes, pines, melons, peaches, nectarmes, apricotB; but 1 observed these were never touched or offered to the guests. Small dishes of ordinary fruits—for it was summer time—such as currants, strawberries, gooseberries, were handed round, and 1 was beginning to wonder if those in the middle were real or sham, when my neighbour, a very amusing young Irish officer, Captain Fitzgerald, said to me in an undertone: " Miss Dalmaine, you see that fruit?" " Tes," replied I. " Is it real ?" " Oh, real enough! Magnificent! They have the finest hothouses in the county. But they sell every bit of their fine fruit; that is all going to market on Wednesday, unless we attack it. I've a great mind to, if anyone would back me up !" " Oh, don't!" cried I, in agony. "Lady Goldparer would never for give it, and she would think it my fault!" Captain Fitzgerald laughed ; but at this moment two footmen seized the great bowl on the top of the 6pergne which contained the fruit, and bear ing it away replaced it with a large bowl of flowers. "They .evidently don't intend to give us a chance," said the captain; " but If t can get, Cranstone and Hallingham to back me up to-morrow night, that fruit shan't go to market this time." That night we met in Aurelia Downe's room about twelve o'clock to supper, in our dressing gowns. I had brought several Melton Mow bray pies and two pots of jam; Emmie had a tongue and a large cake; Aurelia bad a quantity of pastry, potted meat, and an enormous packet of shrimps ! We all loved shrimps, and when she disclosed in addition a delicate half pound of fresh butter, we resolved that our first meal should be on the shrimps; moreover, shrimps and butter were perishable. How hungry we were, and how we enjoyed our selves ! All the shrimps disappeared, and then we attacked Emmie's cake. At last we were satisfied, and then Aureiia said: " Girls, what on earth are we to do with the shrimps' headB and tails ?" " Good gracious !" said Emmie, " I forgot. The last time we were here, it was winter, and we burnt up all the ■' remains' in the fire. What shall we do ?" We glanced at the fireplace, but it was resplendent with polish and full of ornamental shavings " If we tried to burn the shrimps and buttery paper they would smell and the people would think the house was on fire, and rush, out and we should be discovered," said Aurelia. " Wrap them up in a parcel and put them in your box," suggested Emmie. " Thank you," laughed Aurelia, " and smell of decaying shrimps for the rest of my natural life !" " Throw them out of the window," said I. " Don't you ' look' into a shrubbery ?" "So I do," exclaimed Aurelia; "that's a good idea, JSorah." We all Went to the window and looked out. A thicket of shrubs stood to the right hand, but it was a little way of£. After consultation it was decided that we should tie up all the remains—shrimps, crusts, and buttery paper—in a neat brown paper parcel, and I, who was a good thrower, having had practice with my brothers, should endeavour to pitch it well into the shrubs. This I did, and we re tired to bed happy. The next morning we were all seated in the drawing-room, some working, some talking, and others doing nothing, when the doorvopened, and in walked the butler, follo|ved by a footman bearing something8' large silver salver. They walked straight up to Lady Goldparer, and the butler said: " If you please, milady, the gardener found this parcel this morning iu the west shrubbery; he thinks one of the ladies must have dropped it while walking in the garden." We all looked up, and my heart stood still. I recognised^the parcel. It was our shrimps ! I was too horrified to move. I glanced at Emmeline; she was pale as a ghost, her eyes staring. A urelia looked thunderstruck. We had all recognised it. " How very extraordinary!" : marked Lady Goldparer, as she took the parcel and turned it over. " Dropped in the shrubbery, did you say, Sims ?" " Well, milady, hardly dropped, so to say, for it vVas" Hut he got no further. Aurelia recovered her presence of mind. She was a tali, handsome girl, with dark eyes and hair, and now she walked swiftly forward, took the parcel out of Lady Goldparer's hands, and mak ing straight for the door, said: "Thank you, Lady Goldparer, and you also, Sims; the parcel is mine. I dropped it in the garden"—and disappeared. " What an extraordinary young person Miss Downe is!" said Lady Goldparer, angrily, as the servants retired. "1 really think the young ladieo of the present day most pain fully independent." Emmie and I did not wait to hear her animadversions, but left our mothers to defend ub, and rushed after Aurelia. We found her in her room, gazing with helpless horror on the parcel. " Never will I eat a shrimp again!' exclaimed she, as we entered. " Oh, what shall we do with the horrible thing ?" It is going to haunt us like a nightmare 1" " Which?" asked Emmeline, flip pantly. "The ghost of the brown paper parcel, or of the thousand shrimps we ate last night ?" " Ob, do be serious, Emmie!" cried Aurelia. " What shall we do with! it?" " I know!" exclaimed Emmie. " I know what can be done. We are all going for a walk this afternoon, and I'll tell you what I'll do. We must go over the ornamental water to get out of the park. I will put on my cloak, carry the parcel underneath, and, as we go over the bridge, I will drop behind an instant and throw it into the lake. I am extremely quick, and I'll undertake no one shall see me. If anyone notices a splash, one of you girls say you threw a stone in." This was settled. Emmie carried out the plan successfully, and we breathed freely; we had seen the last of the dreadful parcel. We returned to afternoon tea, and were having a cheerful meal, thanks to the irrepres sible Captain Fitzgerald and his two brother officers, Lord Cranstone and Mr. Hallingham, who would not be overborne by Lady Goldparer s stiff ness or Sir Pompous and. his purse pride. Besides we were getting more to eat since their arrival; at breakfast and lunch they carved and helped regardless of the footman and Lady Goldparer's ill concealed irritation and assurance that the servants would serve, and they need not trouble them selves. Their gaiety affected the other ladies and gentlemen, and we were quite cheerful, when again we were interrupted by the butler, who came in and whispered to his lady. " This is most extraordinary!" ex claimed Lady G-oldparer, looking round at us all. "Sims tells me another parcel has been found in the grounds—yes, bring it in, Sims—this time in the lake ! One of the garden ers was doing something under the bridge—the water is rather shallow there, only about three feet of water in the warm weather—and the parcel fell into the water close to him, so he rescued it, and here it is 1" She raised the parcel by the string from the silver tray; it was streaming with water, and, alas! the wet had rotted the paper, strong though it was. As she held it up it burst, and out poured shrimps and crusts all over the tray and some on the floor. Aurelia, Emmie, and 1 were sitting together with our tea-cups in our hands. This time Emmie kept her presence of mind ; she put a hand on each of us—we were pale and shaking with consternation. Don't stir, don't more; no one saw me do it; they can't prove it against us," said she. But the agony in our tell-tale faces could hardly fail to betray us, we feared. Suddenly in the midst of the hubbub over the parcel I heard a whisper: " Miss Dalmaine, is that the parcel I saw Miss Walsh drop into the lake this afternoon?" It was Captain Fitzgerald, his eyes dancing with laughter. " Oh, don't betray us, Captain Fitzgerald," whispered I, imploringly; " we are all in it!" " Splendid!" said he ; " you must tell me about it. But I must get you all out of this. Let us slip through the glass door here into the conserva tory and round to the billiard room; whisper to Miss Walsh and Miss Downe to follow, and I'll get Gran stone and Wallingham." This we did, and we told the captain all about it, swearing him to secrecy. We heard nothing more of the parcel, but when we came down to dinner Lady Goldparer seemed stifEer and more disagreeable than ever. When dessert came on I suddenly heard Lord Graustone say quite loudly to mother: Lady Llizabetb, do let me give you a peach." Aud at the same moment he half rose, and in a second had taken and placed on mother's plate the finest peach on the bpergne. At the same moment Mr. Hallingham called out: " Granstone, just hand me one over here for MisB Downe." And Captain Fitzgerald nipped off a splendid bunch of white grapes for me. The "breach" in the fruit once made, everyone rushed in. In a few minutes the magnificent heap was divided, while old Lady Maymore's voice—Sir Pompous had taken her in —was heard exclaiming: " Do, dear Sir Pompous, cut me a slice of that magnificent pine, up there." And the next moment saw the disgusted Sir Pompous having himself to slice up his finest pine of the season. It was all a trick of the three officers. Next day Lady Goldparer hardly spoke to us three girls or the officers, and when mother said that Bhe thought of leaving early next day, aB Mrs. Walsh with Emmie and Aurelia (whom she was chaperoning^ were leaving, I was not sorry. Lady Gold parer did not say she wished to see any of us again, and when we were waiting for the train at the station, mother and Mrs. Walsh came up to us—we three were talking together— with their eyeB full of laughter, aud mother said: " Now, girls, confess ! Lady Gold parer informed me this morning that one of the pieces of brown-paper enveloping the parcel of shrimps was addressed to "The Lady Elizabeth Dalmaine,' and the other to ' Mrs. Horace Walsh.' Now what does it mean? So we confessed, and our mothers laughed until they cried, and then laughed again. 