* OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (PH0S1 OUR OWN OOIUtESFONDENT.) Queen's weather for Anniversary Day, and Sydney poured out itB teeming thousands accordingly to races, regattna. picnics and other forms of recreation. It must be con fesBod that the quieter and more reSnd modes . of recreation are at a discount. Colonial . amusement is yet are very much like . colonial rum, ooarse, fiery, common, "they bite all the way down." Education, or rather the want of it, is at the bottom of what is i pbjeotionable. Thousands of parents are so eaten up with the deBire to enjoy all the ex citement that is to be enjoyed that they entirely neglect to teach their children the nature of true rational enjoyment. They themselves are like their parents were, and so they will 30 on until the slow but sure discipline of events has taught its lesson. "Let us ear, drink and be merry, for to morrow we die" sums up the popular philc sophy and the popular theology too, and a great part of the self-styled " sooial reform" of the day Beems merely to aim at endowing every one with a more liberal supply of the wherewithal. No such charge, however, oan be levelled at the demonstration which took place at the nnveiling of Dr. Lang's statue. John Dun more Lang was truly one of the fathers of the liberties of the colony. He found it ridden by a military despotism of the worst kind. His conscience and his manhood re voled at the Injustice and oppression ivhich Were attempted and perpetrated. A man of ability and education he struck hard blown and had the satisfaction of seeing the odifice which ho assailed completely overthrown and superseded by a deraocraMc form of govern ment. His personal character gave point and weight to his direct, charges and fiery in vective. Had he been a shiftlesB drunkard, a shameless liar, an inveterate and habitual slanderer aiming to elevate himself by pick ing holea in the coats of better men or by inflaming the envy and discontent of the baser sort, no one would have paid muoh attention to his utterances. But, soma pour et sans reproche it was felt that such a champion would not enter the arena except for grave cause. The conscience a.id com monsense of the people were with him and wher. he was imprisoned or cost in damages they paid his fineB. He was a fighter by nature, but I never heard that he pleaded the ethics of war" bb an excuse for perfidious or dishonourable conduct. Were he alive now hiB soul would probably be as deeply Btirred by the tyrannieB of combinations and con spiracies as it waB by the freaks of the mili tary despots to whom Australian affairs were then subject. That he hnd no sympathy with the sordid short-sighted selfishness of modern mob orators may be gathered from the fact that he was a strong advocate of, and a prime mover, in establishing a judicious BjBtem of state-aided immigration. Peace be to his ashes and may public men arise as single hearted, and as competent, to deal with the crying evils of our own times, as he waB with those of a former generation. He did yeo man service in saving us from the tyranny of the many. One hundred and fifty individuals, Bore in body and sorer in mind, read yesterday of the arrival of the R.M S. Victoria, and of her being admitted promptly to pratique, and allowtd to steam triumphantly up " our beautiful harbour" and land her passengers without molestation. The hundred and fifty had been passengers by the same steamer but had come overland from Melbourne. Victoria is supposed to be thoroughly pro tected against the smallpox by compulsory vaccination, but so frightened were the au thorities of the invasion of this unfortunate hundred and fifty that they insisted on cow poxing (I prefer the honeBt Saxon term) every one of .them. As the victims view their Stnte-inflicted scabs and sores and ques tion with themselves whether they have alBo gained a dose of cancer or syphilis or some thing else equally undesirable,as an incidental result of the operation, it is very cold comfort to them to be told that the whole scare had its origin in a falBe alarm. An unfortunate pantryman had been suffering from chicken pox. Melbourne medical ekill was unequal to the task of diagnosing the complaint, but thought it could do no harm by compelling a few hundred free citizens to incur the very real and humiliating risk and indignity of being compulaorily cowpnxed in order to evade a danger which had no existence except in their own heated imaginations. However, medical bumbledom is well-nigh supreme in Victoria, and the docility of the people is such that they submit with meek ness to even greater outrages. Very just is . their reward-which they reap in the shape of a death rate considerably higher than that of communities which enjoy more medical freedom. We have all heard of the scientist who set himself the task of getting his horse to live upon nothing and how, just when success was within his grasp and he had " .amply demonstrated" the feasibility of the brilliant idea by reducing his diet to a grain a day, the animal inconsiderately put an end to fnrther researches by giving up the ghost. The story is aot to dio out. With slight variations it. has been reproduced in a yarn which comeB by way of Berlin, to the effect that the success (save the mark) of Dr Koch's consumption cure lias been proved by a po3'~ mortem on one of his patients who died when he was nearly cured. Surely a grim mer satire waB never penned than that which was unconsciously perpetrated by the cable correspondent. It is always amusing to hear what the augurs say of one another. Their lay criticB are sometimes unduly incredulous or excoa Bively hostile. Lot us hear, therefore, what the French high priest of the new cult of baoteriology has to eay of his German colla borates. Here then is Mr Pusteur's judg ment of Dr. Koch, as reported by the Paris correspondent of the Times :-"Up to this moment there lias not been a single authen ticated cure not oven of lupus. Dr. Berg mann himself has seen a patient suffering from lupus roturn to his hospital 15 days after having been discharged as cured, a severe relapse having occurred even in that brief interval. Moreover there is no real oertainty as to the eonsequenaes of the treat ment. The medicament is of an unhoard virulence, and the ro-actions wlvch it brings on are terrible. No venom from a snake, if administered in such small doses could cause suoh results. We havo therefore a toxic of Buoh indomitable energy t: at it may intro duce into the organism disorders, the con sequences of which no one can Burmiso, and whioh havo yet to bo Btudied. You may have soen a report in the ijcdical papers of yesterday that, albuminuria and hematuria have been found in a patient who had been treated for tuberculosis to very small doses of this lymph. In facr, it is the kidneys that are particularly affected by it. It would oertaiiily be unjust to hold Dr. Koch ac countable for altogether unexpected results like this ; but what can be said of the Gor man Government for adopting tho methods of quacks, for preserving the secrets of the remedy, and for making a commercial thing out of it under tho moBt miserable pretext. To make a "commercial thing" out of an alleged remedy which cannot be Bhown Co have cured, but which, on the contrary is exceedingly likely to kill, can only be described in plain English as a fraud, and that of tho cruelcst kind. The thoughtless ness which allowod tho proBS all over the world to excite baBeless hopes in consump tive patients on such flimsy ovidence, is doubtless, by this time, thoroughly regretted. The substance, however, of Mr Pasteur's deliborato judgment, appeared in this column BB Boon as the alleged "wonder" began to be announced. Common sense often arrives by intuition at conclusions which science vorifies unwillingly and after long delay. So it comes to pass that vox pnpuli iu sometimeB also vox Die. That every disease is accompanied by its own bacteria nppoars reasonable. That these bacteiia aro the cause of the disetiBB appears as little likely as that the animalcule in a pond are the cause of the stagnation. To ascertain the habits of "animalonlte is tha work of the mioroscopist; to remove stagna tion and impurity is the function of the engineer. As well might a man expect to ; become a musician by prolonged investiga tion of the pipes of an organ, as to become a physician by experimenting with the animal culro which accompany morbid stitos and conditions. 