Stockton. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH" ANNIVERSARY. Services in connection with the above were held on Sunday and Monday last. The Rev. T. Parr, M.A., preached in the morning and evening, and, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, large congregations assembled. In the afternoon the building was completely filled to hear another of the ever-popular song lectures.by Mr. and Mrs. Parr. The subject was "Joseph: A story of Progress from Prison to Palace." Flashes of humour and touches of pathos caused smiles and tears to fol- low each other alternately on the faces of the people. Musical illustra- tions were given, consisting of solos, trios, and songs by the choir, which added to the attractiveness of the service. On Monday evening a good company assembled for tea, which was ably served by Mesdames Erring- ton, Heatherstone, Nurse, Johns, Richardson, Thompson, Blenkinsop, Horler, Taylor, Farr, and Calverley. After tea, Mr. J. Gilbert, of Wick- ham, took the chair, and gave an address on the importance of Church work in general, and the methods needed to meet the requirements of the present day, emphasising the value and importance of vigorous working of the Sunday-school agency. The Rev. T. Parr, M.A., then gave the financial statement for the year, as prepared by the secretary, Mr. Richardson, which showed the state of the funds to be very satisfactory. By the energetic labours of a few lady collectors, over £20 has been collected, and banked, towards the effort for the reduction of the Church debt. The effort, it is expected, will be materially increased by the result of a bazaar, for which the ladies' com- mittee is working most strenuously, and which will be held in September. Mr. J. Parkinson was the next speaker, and gave a most profitable, yet brief address on the "Reality and Blessing of a Personal Saviour." Mr. J. Robinson followed in a powerful speech on the power of the Holy Ghost, making even the one talented man wondrously successful in the work of God. The Rev. R. Caldwell spoke most clearly and convincingly on the work of the Church as really the higher education of the people, consequently of the greatest value to the well-being of the community. Both at Sunday and Monday services the choir, conducted by Mr. J. Farr, and accompanied by Mrs. Richardson, rendered most efficient service in the rendering of the anthems and other pieces of sacred music. Votes of thanks concluded the proceedings. 