THE 'BUCK LADY ' OF DARMSTADT. The Court- of Germany and Austria boa»l a host of legendary lady spectres (says the Gntlcwomaii) who, when woe is to befall the princely house in question, make their ap. peamnce at the hour of midnight, before some sentinel or officer on duty, their appear ance striking terror nnd dismay among tho have in Che first instance tfio ?? Wiiitp u,i,, » of the old palace a. Berlin, who was ^'to have made her last appearance on the eve of the late limiicror HrederiekV death; and her namesake, of the Vienna Hofbu'rg, JhZ uouevers aver, haunted ilie palace during several mghte at the very time when th? But a number of minor GermBn .^-Afo(iX(. ? not to mention the places at Pramie and Budapest— also boast a traditional lady spectre, cither black or white and in one or (wo instances ted; as, for instance, the ' J»ympheuburg-Frau ' at the Palace of Munich, the discarded mistns* of Karl Theodore, Elector of Bavaria. ~n,l -,„_]„ ? . of her own child,- and the so-called 'Black Lady ' of the Court of Darmstadt. Unlike the hapless ' Nymphonburg-Prau ' —so ruus the legend— who was a commoner tlie ' Mack Lady of Darmstadt ' was a law fully bom princess, and moreover, the wedded consort of a reigning prince, boing Princess Marianne, the wife of the Grand Duke IFer? dinand Maria. She always, we are toU appears in deep mourning, and is reputed tn bespeak woe to Uic flranil Ducal House of Hesse in particular, hut also io Hie allied royal one of Bavaria. In olden times the reputed appearance of the ' Black Lady ?? would cause a perfect panic in the jWd rtkiL mrtadt SchlpaHh. MaUnti. ?*£*«£ iram war pott*. * 77^ ' A joung an^ daftbg ^bicer . S th* .-Jrtoa- if era once prayed the -JiiMid.Dulce.Liii«i^tl ch&peL; 'If it J»jior Jfcrae *b«t,*'jiie' &? marked, ' I ' will ciire the. Imiividaal of tbe desire to haunt**' The pinyer wna granted, nrititi the reqa&st; that , if _-tifcie ^pectie 'je EuBcd to stand -Wb^n chaUenjgeil, jthe officer was to flit upon it. 77E£b Gfcand t-aVe him self and some courtiere Tin idne ^-bonrae re paired to the vcsliy of tlie chnpel whence a TleW could be obtained eTlhe^buityanljmd the path which-p\ghostJf cbjeotWBBHiidlp take ?be weird boar of tnldnight ap proached. Presently the ohuiel-beU struck the hour, and hardly had the last chime diod away before a loud 'Halt!' rang out upon tho e til I eight, followed insbantly by tbe re port of n gun. Tho Grand Date and Ills at- tendantfi buiricd from their hidinff-place into the courtyard, where they behold .the l»ld Boldier stiff and dead. T He had not a single outwan! sign of injury*; bttt tJieijaiTel of tJie gun by his fiidc was jent from tbe stock, and the formertwiBtadUkea corkscrew. Singular to relate, within, throe -days Ludwig I - himself lay a corpse in tbe Ducal ITalL : About thc^gaVHIBltO'^Qaeeb Thdrtse of Bavaria died toost euddenly, and even in tbe highest .circles mention -was sbuddcringly made of tlie spectre that anade its appearance. just before her death. King Ludwig, her consort, was spending the summer inu the company of Queen Theresc, at Iub castle of Arcluiffenbuip, whither also their MftjcsUes* ion -In -law, Grand Duke Ludwig UL, of Hesse- Darmstaflt. had Jwen invited, when one evening at dusk, giist as the princely company were taking tea in the gayest of spirits, there suddenly appeared — bo those present aver — behind tbe chair of the Queen a lady in deep mourning, who, .having fixed ber glossy eyes upon Her Majesty, retired through the ante chamber. The Grand Duke immediately hastened after the mysterious visitor, and in an angry voice demanded of the officer on duty by tlie door how he dArcd to permit strangers to enter unannounced and at that hour. TUe latter declared on. oath that no human being1 had entered the ante-chamber of tho royal saloon. Horror-struck, the Cuke returned to the company, when he.was com pelled, much against bis wish, to relate tbe story. Haying heard it. Queen Therese rose hastily from the chair and exclaimed, ' That is intended for me I' Tbc royal party re turned shortly after to tbe capital, where tbe cholera had raged during the summer, but had then disappeared. In a. few days the unhappy Queen fell a victim to the terrible Again, in the early days of March, 1864, the 'Black Lady' figured in a mysterious occurrence at tbe 1'alace . of Darmstadt, which through subsequent events, created an immense sensation in Germany. The Life Guanls officer on duty, bod, at ihc hour ot midnight, commenced his nightly round of inspection of the sentries, when suddenly, in one of the corridors, be beheld a lady. dressed iu black coming from the apartments occu pied by Countess Fuger, a, lady ot the Court, lie aiiw her dietiDctlj'go past the grand stair case, at night tbc only exit to the chapel courtyard- Believing that she was making a mistake, tbe officers called to her that fihe could only get out that way to reach her carriage. But without paying ihe slightest heed tie lady continued her way toward tbe chapel stairs. Quickly the officer hastened after her, but she disappeared iu the gloom. Theo, in tbe belief tliat il might be some one with felonious intent, lie thuuted to the sentry on guard at the bottom of the stains, ' Arreet her!' — hiuittelf descending quickly. phntjcally declared that no one had passed him. Two days later the news spread like wildfire throughout Germany that King .Maximilian II., of Bavaria, had suddenly been taken dangerously ill. J3c had returned in excellent health from hiB usual ride, and was just dressing for dinner when he was seized with cramp. And in a few hours he was dead. 