The Flying Yacht Squadron. The opening of the season of the Sydney Flying Yacht Squadron was held this afternoon, the fleet assembling off Clark Island in order to take part in the opening evolutions. The boats with distinguishing colors that answered Commodore Mark Foy's signal were the Violet, red diamond ; Grace Darling, blue diamond ; Flyaway, blue crescent ; Cygnet, red crescent ; The Ghost, pink crescent ; Regin, red sqUare ; Volunteer, red star. The Kananook, under mainsail with green and white stripes, was the commodore's boat. There was a hard breeze from the west- south-west, with a very lumpy sea, and the boats had some difficulty in making Clark Island, the rendezvous for the fleet, under the most favorable conditions, but whereas only six were expected to get under way there were eight boats pro perly fitted out in designs of colored sails and nattily- uniformed crews. The steamer Lobelia carried some 250 of the guests (among whom were a considerable number of ladies) of the newly-formed club from the Circular Quay to the island, where the party landed and enjoyed a half-hoar's scrambling among the natural vegetation of the one bright speck in Sydney Harbor which has not been desecrated by Admiralty stores or New South Wales Go vernment quarantine stations for stock. The attention of the newly-landed islanders was soon directed from the natural beauties of their situation to the arrival of the boats with their gaily hued sails and neatly attired crews. Commodore Mark Foy landed, and after consultation with the skippers of the other craft it was decided that in view of the heavy breeze and lumpy sea the manoevres would be dispensed with, with the exception of the fleet sailing past the island with the commodore's boat lead ing in order to enable the judges to decide which was the best turn-out, embracing boat, sails, design and uniform of crew. The judges decided by a majority of three to two that the Grace Darling had won the commodore's prize, but the Volunteer was so highly com mended that it has been decided that she also will get a prize. The boats were then hauled alongside the island, when crews and craft were photographed, and the opening ceremony of the Flying Yacht Squadron terminated. 