OUR CHRISTMAS STORY. GlOVANNI AND THE OTHER. BY FRANCES HODGSON BURNETT, AUTHOR OF LITTLE LORD FAUNTLEROY. CHAPTER I. Giovanni walked up the enclosed road leading To the great white liotol with the many marble talconics. It was quite a grand hotel, and stood in a garden where' palm treoir and orange trees and flowers grew. A white . Ualuetrnded ftrraco separated tlio garden' from, tho carriage drive' by tlio grey 'green olives, and roses' atid heliotropes grow in tumbling masses over tho done. It was on an elevation, and below it one could sco tho promenade by the sea and the great lako like sapphire blue expanse of the Mediterranean. There wore palm treos and flowers bordoring the promenade, and oven in the winter there were numbers of children walking about with baskets full of violots;.. .and narcissus and anemones wliioh they ran aiter /the. pedestrians with in tho hope of selling. ij " ' . The sun scorned always lihining 'and the air softtkoro, and there ivero always flowers, for ibe little town was a protty, quaint one on tlio Itiviora. It was called San Remo, and in the winter was always full of foreiguers who came to see the sun when it seomed finally to have left England, or to escape from wind and eold ebon they wero dolicato. SIo3t of them — tho forostieri — wero more or Ices delicate. Somo of tliem had tliin, palo faces, and coughed and walked slowly ; some of tlrem were pulled about in invalid oliairs, and often ono saw dcop mourning, nnd might guess cither that some ono belonging to them lnd coit.o to tho South to get well, and had died in tho midBt of the flowers and palms and orange trees, or, having lost sorao ono they loved in somo other plaoe, lind oomo to try to bear the shock of their grief in tho land whero tho sunshino might help thorn n little. But whntevor had happened to bring them, whether they wero woll or ill, or burdened with sorrow, tliey wero plonscd witli two tilings. I hoy wero always pleased with the flowers, and carried them about in bunohos, nnd if any ono played tlio guitar nnd mandolin nnd sang woll, they wero ploascd, and gave money to tho : players nml singers. | So tliero wero many flower scllorR ill tlio streets nnd many flowor shops in tiro town, and , tkero were many people who wandorod about I with mandolins nnd guitars playing before the I hotels, and generally having with them aome ono I who could either sing sweetly or who tried to. In | tho latter caso sometimes tliey got money to in- t , 00 "'em to go away — to tlio next hotel, ot J least. I Giovanni was one of those who, fortunately, I could Bing, and a man wont with him who , played tho harp. | He was an Italian hoy about 14 years old. Ho , "as strong and plump aud woll built, and had a 5 morry, protty face, and a gay, bright , 3m'le. It was rather n lovablo face, and wlion money was thrown to him from tho balconios am lic ran and pioked it up, pulling off his cap and saying : " Grazio, Signora," or "Signoriua" it or H'Bnore," as tho caso might bo, his . T'uek littlo bow was often returned by a : nod. s« ... "-y hadsomuoh money, those forostieri, a Giovanni thought thoy might well bo good .a ,,a UICh" Think what lives they must have, '1 'cso l,coPlo who wero rich enough to travel -f .. "3 'rom unpleasant weatlior, nnd who livod in I .|i Ureat gay hotels, eating wonderful tilings "tee times n day, waited upon by dozons of "ervants, and with nil imposing concierge in uniform and gold buttons, who appeared on tho broad whito marble flower bordered entrance steps and calling up a waiting enrriago with a majoatio wavo of tho hand aiul.'a'.loud " Avnnto," carried out to it wraps and cushions and hold the door open while tlio signorus entered, touch ing his gold banded cap gracefully ns thoy drove away. Ah 1 what a lifo it must be, to bo sure. But though ha was only a little peasant, Giovanni know that fortune had not been so un kind, to him af tor all. Ho had liis voioo and had bad luok witli it ever Binoothe man with the harp had proposed that ho should go and Bing with him boforo tho hotols nnd "villa's.' Giovanni ltada share of tho liionoy", and lib 'was com- fortably.fcd and given warm clothes,, oven to the extent of having a scarf to. wrap round Tils throat on ohilly nights, for fear lie hliouldoatoh cold and become hoarse. The' man with , the bnrp knew ho was worth something. . He, had a fall, sweat, strong voice, and he sang his songs of the people with a melodious freshness. He had a little repertoire of his own, and was not reduced, to singing Santa Lucia as often as many of tho street trouba dours. There was a little song of a reproaoh- ful lover who rather embarrassingly recalls the past to his unkind fair ono. "When I nm far away," ho says, "you will romember the kisses you , havo given mo— yes, you will romember then," &o.; And Giovanni used to stand with his hamhi on his hips and pour forth thoso reproaches in his blear, "full, boyish voice, looking so haimy and yourg aud content that it was very charming. And thon there was Ajo Carolia and the Ritirata, and tlio' gayest one of all, a rattling littlo ono about tho Borsaglierc — tho dashing sharp . Bliootors who wont "doublo quiok" through life in their picturesque cloaks and broad brimmed hats on one side, with the great plumes of cooks' feathors sweeping tlioir shoulders." " The Bersagliere have feathors on their hats," ho sings in Neapolitan dialeot. Hero many littlo capons and hens have to bo destroyed to provide all this beauty. " Love tho Bersagliere — love them — thoy nro tlio saviours of your oountry" — nnd all so gaily and with suah a swing to tho air that one could imagine a B'cr- saglioro hearing him would rush forward nnd shower upon him unlimited soldi. . Tho morning my story begins was a perfect one. It was in January, but San Homo was flooded with brilliant sunshine, theMeditorranoan was like a great sapphire, the air was as soft as if it hnd been May. Giovanni' was in a joy ous humor— but thon ha usually was— as' he and tho iman .with tho harp mounted tlio long flight of i'stone stops whioh led into tho hotel garden; . " I wonder how muoli we shall got ?" he said to liis companion. "Tlio Grand Hotel des Anglais has uot been so.full this month." That was tho name of tho hotel thoy were going to sing and ploy before. " , " . , The man with the harp planted it in a good 'position boforo tho long . flight of broad whito raarbio entrance steps. There were big pots of palms and azaleas and flowering plants of various sorts on eaoli side of the steps all the way up to the glass . door, which, one of tho servants always stood behiud, ready to open. - Giovanni took liis usual boyisirpose with his hands on his hips and began to sing. Ho sang the song of the roproaolifal 'lover aud the Bella Sarrontina, _ and in the middle of the last he heard a window open. This was a sound always to ho noted, because it meant that some one was coming out on to tlio balcony to listen, and would probably throw him some money. But he was artist enough not to look up until his song wag finished. Even if money was thrown he did not move until his song was over. Then ho used to run and pick it up, lifting hiB cap in recognition. When he had finished La Bella Sarrontina he glanced ovor tlio front of the hotel. There wero several balconies whioh belonged to tho larger apartments, to tho pcoplo who had suites of two or three rooms and private salons. At tho end of ono of thoso a lady was standing leaning against tlio marble balustrade and resting her forehead on lior Land as slio looked down nt liirn. Giovanni saw that bIio was ono of tho forestieri who wero in doep mourning. Sho was all black, but that Bho had biondo hair which the morning sun was shining on. Tliero was something sad and fatigued about her attitude, and as ho looked up she touched her oyes lightly with tho finger of tlio hand that shaded them. "Witli the othor haml slio mado a motion to Giovanni. Sho held a tiny whito paokngo in it. It was somo monoy foldod in a piece of paper so that it could bo ensily soon nnd found whero she threw it. Giovanni went and stood under her balcony. Site smiled down at liirn and throw tlio bit of paper with n sort of frioiully, almost caressing gesture, which made him feel that slio hnd liked his voico very much, and which caused him to lift liis cap with apirit and call out witli more than usual feeling his "Grazio, Signora." Thon ho ran baok to the liarp — put tlio white paper into the harpist's pookct, without looking nt it or oponing it at all— wliioli was really quite dignified nrtistio taste for a boy street singer — and he began the song about tlio Bersagliere. Tlio lady in black rested against tlic marble balUBtrado again, and shaded her eyes with her hand. As slio did bo a tall girl came out upon tho balcony and stood close to hor. Sho was a girl with a lovely rounded faco and black lashed groy cyos. "What a beautiful voice," she exclaimed en thusiastically. "What a darling, full, sweot, boy voioo ! . What a good voice! And how woll ho sings." " He lias a dear hoy face, too," said the other. " Ho looks so bright and happy. Ho is almost as old as Geof, I think. He has just sung ono of Geof's songs, La Bella Sarrontina ; you know ho sings that." The girl gave her a soft, quick side glanco and drew her oloser to her, touohing her caress ingly. "Don't, dear," sho said, "yon must not havo tears in ybur eyes." "Well," answered the lady in black quietly, and looking over the olives at the sen, "it is so strango how ovory momont somotliing reminds me. Everything makes me remombcr some thing — the palm trees and oranges and flowers that we hoped lie would bo strong cnougli to be broughtto seo — the Mediterranean that ho used to plap'to use" his lannoli on— alii everything haB somo oonneotion of thought with liirn — and when that boy. began, it brought baok the days when Geof used to stand singing with his hands on his hips— and how lie used to sit near and listen and think it was so clover. He used to say,. ' Oh, Goof can sing. He's got a voice — but I couldn't do it ; I nover saw suoh a fellow as Geof, heoan do anything.' You know lie always admired Goof's gifts, in a boyish way. - And i I could not lfelp thinking that if— if all the stories aro quite true, - the stories of tho Far Country whero he has gono— porhnps now ho sings, too."'. '. Sho drew her palm, softly and quiokly across hor olieok. "It makes me feel as if I loved that littlo fellow down there," she said.. '/Boys always seem near to me, just now, you. know- there, ho has finished singing. nnd. thoy.aro going." ... ' ' : That was tho beginning of Giovanni's ac quaintance with tho lndy in blaok. Chatter II. He used to oomo baok to sing beforo the hotel- twioo a wook, and always after the first few bars of his sang she used to appear on tho bal cony aud lean on tho marble, arid listen and watch him. He was always sure of having his silver frano thrown down, folded in paper. On tho morning of the Flowor Carso, at tlio ond of tlio Carnival, she throw him two, and ofton the girl witli the grey oyes throw him one also. They never throw him coppers, nnd tliey. generally waved their hands to him and said Buon yiorno as he picked up hiB money. Wliothor money wiis thrown "from other bal- conies or not, he was. always safe of 'his littlo revenue from: tho one whore tho blaok figuro stood listening. ' Being a bright, spirited boy, who likod to be appreciated, lie began to rather look forward to his mornings before'.the liotol. ; He felt, some how ns if these ladies liked him and were his friends. He began oven to feel that he had a sort of claim upon tlieiri, atid ho always sang his host under their balcony aud made his most graoeful how. Ono day thoy were walking through the town and a boy, passing them,' stepped aside from the narrow pavoment and, pulling off his cap, said brightly: "Buon ffiorno, Signoras." . The tall girl turned to look at him. " ; ".Ab," 'sho said,' " that is our" boy who 'sings. Ho is nlono arid lie know us and said Biton ffiorno." ; " The lady in blaok turned also. "Yes, it is our boy," sho said. " Ah, let us go back and talk to him a little. I want to see him oloser." ' To Giovanni's'surprise, thoy turned baok and came towards him. He stopped and pulled off his oap again. He had a smooth, protty, dark haired head, and seen aloso to lie was a hand- somo boy witli a morry, smiling face. "Yon sing for us boforo oar hotol, don't you!" said tlio grey eyed girl, speaking Italian. "Si, Signoriua," ho answered, feeling ploased at her gentle, friendly manner. " What is your name ?" "Giovanni Calcngni." " And you aro fond of musio ?" " Si, si, Signoriua," smiling. Then tliey asked liirn how old he was nnd whore ho had learned to sing, and he told thorn ho was 14, and had always sung littlo songs, but about three years ogo a one eyed man bad taken him about with him to sing boforo the villas and hotols, and so ho had learned to sing better. " Tho Signora, hero," said the tall girl, "has a boy who is 14Jy ears old,. like you, and he has a beautiful voiee and sings some of your Italian songs, so tlio Signora likes to hear you sing, very much." " Is tho Signorine in Sun Remo !" Giovanni asked. " No, he was not in San Remo. He was in America. Giovanni hnd heard of America ? It was far nwny. A long voyage across tho sea ; people wont tbero and became rioli. There had been a San Rcmese sailor — quite a common man — who had gono tliero, and after two years had coma back and built a wonderful villa by the sea. It was a marvellously ornamental villa, fantastically decorated. Giovanni had once heard that tliero wore forestiori who smiled at it and said it was decorated like a wedding cake. But it was known to have cast a great deal of money, nnd tlio ownar bad mado all this money in America, though no ono know how. Probably ho had pioked it up in the streets." This made tho lady in black and her friend additionally interesting. Tliey wore of oourse rich, ns tlioy livod at tlio Grand Hotol des Anglais and tiirew out silver to singers. Bat it was moro than interesting to hear of a boy of his own age who lived in Amorica and also Bang La Bella Sarrautiua, and the rest, in Italian. It seemed enviable. Tho lady in blaok looked nt him with longing in her oyes, and she gavo him a frano for himsolf on tho spot, and then the two smiled and left liirn. "I wonder," said the lady in blaok as tliey walked along the promenade under the palm trees, " I wonder if ho will have a fine voice when ha is a man. It is difficult to tell, I sup pose. I havo always heard so. Musicians always advise mo not to let Geof uso his voico too much, now he ia growing older." "That is tho groat point, I believe," said her companion. "Giovanni's voico in a beautiful one, but it may not be so : fine when it ohnnges into a man's voico— oortainly it won't if ho strains it by singing too much now, and by forcing his noto-si" "It would .bo a cruel thing for it to bo spoiled,": returned the lady in black, reflectively. "Tliink.wbat a. future it might make for him if, when ho is a young mnn,-h'o had that splendid gift" ' „ . i : . 1 " Now you aro making a story -out of him," said the girl with a'oaressiiig littlo laugh. ' ".You are imagining he may'havb a career before, him and be a'world . renowned. tenor., I know- your little wayeJ' ; Tho lady in blaok smiled, i . : "Yes," she answered, '."of oourse." I am a romantio person, and I, will havo . my : story' whenevor .1 havo olraiioo — tliero is a shadow of a abanac. Soe ." what a ostory it. " would be, Gertrude! Here lib is— Gibvanni-r-a- perfcotly " simple, ordinary littlo peasant' buy, singing about . the streets with a one oyed man: nnd a harpist, and feeling quite rioh'when one throws himafraho:', I have no doubt ho tliinkft it is quite splendid to. bo one of the forestiori ' and live in an hotel. ' He probably lives in ono of tho queer old tumbling do.wn: houses in tho Citta Vecoliia— one of thoso in the climbing streets which arc like , cor ridors and' have littlo jjirohways 'thrown from houso to house, and apparently no. windows, only tiny square : holes with rusty bars across. You remember how dark'Jthey aro, nnd how green things grow outjof the' stones, and how sometimes there are sheep or cows in the room on the first floor." . i : . . , " We will suppose lie lives thoreand sits with tho sheep when it is cold. He cats polenta and farmata and enstagubno— thoso . brownish and yollowish slabs wliioh look like . uninviting pud ding when ono sees them being cooked over the chnrooal fires in'the nnrrow streets'. They are made of lhaizo or chestnut flour, or coarse flour, and it does hot -give ono an appetite to look at tliem. Sometimes ho. has maoarom nnd goat olieose, and in tho summer he eats ripe figs and grapes and blacklbread. - Perhaps lie nover had a frano ail to himsolf until I gave him thatonb to-day. " I wonder what "he will" do with it? Perhaps .he-will buy carall, that hard sticky enko made .of .nuts. Ho looks liko' q doar boy, but I don't think ho ' looks : imaginative or ambitions. ...',1 don't imagine lie dreams about a career.' Now, imagine that this beautiful boy's voice ohanges into a wonderful tenor. . Imagine that some ono' helps him to cultivate it and brings liiin boforo the world, and it begins to applaud and adoro him." ' ' " It would be like a fairy story,", said Ger trude. " He would : think ho was living in a droam." ' " He would be rich," said tho lady in blaok. , . ".Ho would- travel from oountry to country,' and every where he would be feted and caressed. Of bourse wo are imagining him to be a sort of king of tenors, and not one with an ordinarily good voioo. Kings and queens would hear him and praise liirn, and, if he were a charming follow, would mako a sort of favorite of him. I think he would bo a oharming fellow, don't you ? He has a bright, handsome faco." . The girl with the groy eyes turned to look down at her friend (sho was tbo taller of the two), with hor soft, carossing little laugh. " I think ho would," she said. "We will imagine he would bo perfectly beautiful and perfectly dolightful, as we are imagining things. It makes tho story prettier." " That is the advantage of imaginiug," said her friend. " One can mako the story as pretty as one likes. I wonder if ho lias a mother in the Citta Vecchia, and if ha would remember her and love her when lie was a great .tenor. Let us iraagino tlmt ho would, and imagine how proud and radiantly happy sko would be. Poor little peasant woman, I hopo the grandeur and the kings and queens would not frighten her." " Think how sho would feci sitting at a box at the opera — at La Scala, for instance, "said the girl. " Sho would liavo had to lay aside hor short petticoats and her peasant bodice and have learned to wear a bonnet instend of a red and yellow and green handkerchief tied over her head." "And bUo would have very largo grand earrings, I am sure," wont on tho lady in blaok, with a little softly smiling, reflective air. "Giovanni would linve given thorn to lie r for a present. Don't you think bIio would alioose some of those big ancient ones we seo in tlio ouriosity shop, with queer stones in them and a great deal of turquoise. Tliey say those havo all been bought from peasants. I think she would be sure to want a pair. Diamonds would soem quite cold nnd plain to hor dear, simple . old tiling. She would want turquoise and garnets and amethysts and yellow old pearls set elabor ately in silvoi gilt." "How real she seems," smiled the girl with the grey eyes, and then they looked at each other aud her friend smiled also. "Well," sho said, "he has a voice — and he might have a careor — and it is more than possible that he has a mother — so it is easy to imagine a story for him. I wish we could do somotliing to help to mako it real. Why should ho eat polonta and live liko a peasant always if ho has a gift. I am going to think about liirn and see if — well, if there is anything to be done." J " Yon nhvnyB want to mako your stories come true, don't you ?" said her companion;. The lady in blaok looked out far over the sunlit sapphire seo. She seemed to be thinking of somothing that stirred in her a sad tender ness. " I might make him one of Leo's friends;" she said. " Ono of thoso boys ho helps." " You are always thinking of Leo," I think," the girl said very gently. " He seems very near to' you, doar." " Very near," was the answer. "I could not lot him seem far away. Ho is more real than anything else. Sometimes I think he is even more real than Geof, who is alive and strong and happy and always busy. AyearagoLco was alive and liko liirn. He was so strong and bright, and so full of the things he was interested in: I can't let him go just because of that morning when his brown eyes closed so softly and his arms un clasped themselves and slipped slowly ; away from my neck. I must comfort myself in some way— so I try to imagine things about him tob — and I try to make them seem quite real." The girl with tho grey eyes put her han d through her arm and drew it to her side with a tender pressure. . - . . ' ' £ , "Doar !'.' she snid. . ; . !' -> ' Two large quiet drops slipped 'down her friend's cheeks, but no others followed thorn and she went on speaking— with even " a - little smile on her lips. .! ' "I say to myself that .lie- has gone ton fair, far country," she said." "Perhaps it ia because I am.it very.earthly person that I have to make it so roal to myself. . I toll: myself that otlier mothers' sons go away to far eountrics to live. You know thore are so many who go to foreign lands to mako their fortunes. But their mothers do not feel as if they had lost them. Anil I know. : they mast oomfort themselves by doing things for them and reading books about the -countries they have gono to. If Leo had gone to Africa, think .how. I should have read aboat Africa. As it is, I read over and over the parts of those last ohapt'ers whioh tell about the eity — the sky that was puro gold, like unto clear glass. It always seomed liked beautiful' fairy- story, until . Loo , went away". And then. I- -was 'bo hungry for him— it soeinod as if I must have something real to'thiiik of ; so I began to road and imagine. I wish there was moro to read. I like to remember that the gates' of it shall not bo shut at all by day, and tliero is no nigiit there. He was so happy, when he was oh oarth I can't holp.trying to make It a plaoe tlmt would not soem too dazzling and strango and solemn for n boy to. like. . He: was only such a boy, you know, and at first I could not help feeling timid and hoping .'that it woiild.uot overwhelm and be wilder him. I try to remember more about the green . pastures : and the river of crystal than about tho walls of jasper and sapphire and emerald and the streets of gold. But somehow I love tho gates made of great pearls and always standing open." ; ".You do make it real, donit you, dear ?" said the girl. ;v . ; - . . > " I must : make it real ; . I must do things to oomfort mysolf and mako' me feel that I am not lotting him go.- That is why I haVo. my fanoy about helping .those other boys' whom I oall his friends. If ho had lived to be a. man he might have bad sorrow and pain and: disappointment ; he Lmiglit have; known' temptation,, and hate fallen into human fault. That is all over tor him ; he can never be touohe'd now. Why should not I go on with tho swoet, kind things he might have done? You know there would have been many of them. Ho had a tender, generous heart ; and in the life of a man with a heart like that there must be many good things done for others, even if there should be human weakness and sorrow too. I don't want the swoet things to go undone just because ho has died. That would be as if those he might have helped had boen robbed of a friend. When he was a baby, Fused to say : ' I want tho big world to be better just because he lives.' Now I say : ' I want it to bo better even that he lias lived — ana died.' " "And that is why yon are so interested in Giovanni? I know it was liko that, dear," with another soft pressure of the arm. " In Giovanni — in any boy whose lifo might bo mado brighter and broader — in any boy who needs help or a friend. It might not always be money that would help thorn most— it might be something else. Whatever is done, it is not I who do it — it is Leo. Leo, who will nover he tempted or made sad by life, but who goes on livingand holding out his kind, boyish, friendly young hand to otiicr boys who must finish thoir lives and bear all the burdens of thorn. Ho was spared them alL Ho lived a fow bright, buoyant, joyoua yenra without a shadow or a stain. Now lie soems to me like a magnificent, fair young prinee in liis royal city, with, his hands full of royal gifts and his soul full of tendor yearning for thosojwbo are outside . tho gates, and who must toil longer in the heat of tho sun." ' ' 1 "And he will help Giovanni?" said' her friend. "I seo that." " He will try," was the answer. 'Ohaptrr'III. ' ' . The little salon out of whioh b'tre , steppcl on to the white 1'marblo balcony was a very pretty one. Ithad not been -par ticularly protty when tho lady in blaok nnd- her friend first took possession' of it." Then it had worn tho usual ungarnished nir of nearly all hotel rooms. Now it was quite bright and gay. The curiosity shops had been levied upon far antique brocades, for rich tenderly faded old vestments whoso colors of a hundred or two years ago molted into wondrous shades, and whioh wore draped on the. wnj' and thrown over piccos of furniture. - tlio were many eushious oovored with iQB>&aNaifea; tiega- -.wsrs lizapccsx «"sr «tat Socage tiurf.w-ri Sgmika »«bsl uuc atiZ.srui'ex 6et».atii£»; tosri 'sbnEkts of peasaio iai£ tie Cg£x"Y«gfi£.zT azu£ Saaciteyce aomjt terns, gietlygcas feuiiMuuiytiisLg were aisv ac Ljuls raiicraaiE'zsr aatS cai'na oatE Jljpasxfeff a?nf zSueS" ti«- mani - tity iMes HE rhniznui >U3i£ qxzzzxosl. laa "tpr«" aat£ ufotac? gtitfj tbtte; tiggg '' wetft mmiH tifenrtiie-3sr -sax-fufff tsE I3fe5: mrl Traerss — v.. . Bssai at tie pnsaresc Cure « a boy wu urssoiisiZ .,,_ oe-vsm jSaifiawy us&efy; t&zk;: «ye. There ' wese aeral gnrfcoss af - Binir su£ easft; cms &a;$£ ..Bosca&xe;&iaerac; wibfex. - " Hit Sail alwaja besa. rzaeti far wsing arewaL: .tiaSssv9 jzis urntier sat "Wiict ie was x lxEsfe-folfccr ihsruaetf to» &cnnr; me alE &is; anu£ A«Lm tie prsfosL. Ami tie Hoc tin lie a mEestambesavjoiaecryuaZxiHsiEfomdigs m. x enafacsnznerx 5 Zfossxs-tces, aa»E &e; sgeab zZZ fcrk|ww«n» bx-&TTTgT;« fee me for s prssena raft ston. mxzoceafc griiit. -Wast hit wae: S£ aat seogus- sea Eint jfowsa. -ie naei s» Bsrr ta> 5za mrser "Geto 'xEl Sae Tfnfate teoaarrrmfft. .AS tie-riifttetarsSarliffi "Wlrea Ee weca to sfoffl?- tiai laac tlay £ -cmtrsi! Kttt wtfcasaenx. Et -tie 2aetBi5$b<» vita. !tiz . suatire wtcxa I xlvxyi vas, tiese ® cne m»- mrrfr frrr. TI«y 3ZH33 SO -ja, . 2BS BlWrJ!" ' .; \- .W&em; tiisy "ware wiZsanr' «c t&roiig; fe:t»rStrtr tiea&E; tie gaa .raSt sag gjgd efts' xsa&z; to- s& ffl -rtfi»rrgTr>»?»T«tn- rrrmrrw ghn- ifiiawyt i.T»? Soft cnfnrraad aJZc «c «Eear gcnrrftm xmf zm£ gnajfamgg. . They 5m£ x jcrzi mazy- TTwfi-t -an x -gJ frT.r-nWi Th«J Gfi«©fc 131 euSesstaoi ccEer verr senBajr aussuessfy, T hsf fea<£ cEe OTTrtwrT »?>%»» ThecsneaeieranvmEager thas eneennZJibttcetaiagaasrse cr snntie for die Tcn«r TEey Eml sne Hare aases a:u£ ijnrgticEia aad tn«> wstiwi fry vEica t5oyxasi£ cifaretC tn inenr xbsxeziits asi£ vorau TEe' e»enm5 a£ssr to" aas G5o«aaii£ waa bS£ isi£. warm, asil tEe- wunluwa ec toe taLniny ware eoo- TEe Shgr- m Lsy ncn Se JCCS. wESu ws-»7 f'mfTTrn, Zx tie BUtaH of tfViwnrrnrynfr T> r- t£juiMif (j£ a gitar were awefltri m sEe rtiwr Eeusw. Is was rasStft a geoti gmaz; a?»«f apmm» <- o£ a weg wece btihg pixjeiL . "Swieoae a znme to smcsaas i5e Eulj ca EEiirg ; cna £a » hoc GinvazziL H alwiy vsi sEe aarpcfC.4' Aug tSgtt ECdy Eeaax amear- Eegm Is &s; £if inct g»ra GEs«333xs oure, eseuifisistl Cwttsnale. Pbact5a Eow Eac££; a,"" \- -Esr £rwai£ raaec her read sa Bssas, Aai£ is w a &oyr; TOtco taix s&e-; aai ; "far; & aam; all atzaaed anti «> -ivt £axr pfrrr8. . Ba cngaa get to- sreg ai iIL1 "£5Hiaacia£,-'r3a5£Gertrti£&. "Pbnc bej, c Eas bees, a .som£ eocce once— osrEajii as gaol as Gajwxros. Bat Ee Eax &eea; frrryTrr SCO, csnoEaml haa forced iraatS Is Bfecaiaa, WEas ;. arersig£ pc-'r ;' 12 wsai a p&esca-; cxcoi tEaig ti>Eear — the poic Toice rffng frenr amnoe r&e; coins nsm besw. lis vu so roneaemi so sszicaei acdbrneszL / B maksa 22e sac," sa5i ifc& mnr'k, Xi mails. so suHnarcI zwrag oat -of tae CSisTimaz .e&ces; xxl suzes fx montm wrsecaH tbs 'wad s» rail cc te sessis EEs a Eappy jomg E&tL; Th£s poor fcoj etaotls Xjooe g?i«w eocBedsAaess as k feefcurr issLsiuBsaes agaiSi cofc caee to fee 9 eat. I wucEer if . (Sngsai fcaeww nza ; . if ie zaews GEmiai asul if es a sac a hiifteg for lei cs g9 uuikdk at fciati TEe.wmcjcc to t Ee Eaiecoy iibi act zhisf eaiEl sot mfsy the Xfcey eeoil ccIt aeagsce they saw a sMdov, wfcMi wifgrr, after a5, he pert oc the shade some ociaew teeesL Bo$titepcor, hcane voice ifireggW saroa fcie aoog to the eii ' Xo.eoe epees the wiadow to throw hss caagy,?> aakl the £ady ta. bfrnrr. MThey <2cat waaS hear Has, I do aoc waad to hear hca — . s a too sdr-hot I shall throw fcrw enoxz. He seeds B coce than Gssvassr. Exerjboiy gxses hsi iooaeihmg — eoyone wants hea. Xo etze wants the poor other cce." They pah socce sSnes cs as eorelapeaizti threw I tdswB, TBe s6suSsw seHiieil to mote femat : tiawy as E with a draeg sfapu ; - " ..Doyoahaosraaithe lady a faLsdic, "I hare a fancy that he really does not care to be hees. le& ssgo>&aek;: toeheiah3c.:t And they atippetl auethr away. Th» was the open fag of the story oc "The Other."' It was a sad stcry azui he was ceir lBcee this a shadow. They always calZei hxa The Other " and tfcey carer saw hrr-»L Hit .ihsy spbhe of his even moce thas iheyspohe cc .. GBraaai, whom they saw three tcxes'a wtefc, Somehow the pcoc era cSced voice sisgsag £a ihe'dLrlcsess had conchel them t«t crzch. Is . w» so evident thas tt had been a beaasifal voice . coee s&d; that ecly hod ncasagesieat pee- Itaps bad feeahh had been Its nan. . Do yoc Icsow who the poor boy ct who y» » list aat y they ashed the cottoerfa. . , - "Jfoi eadim," wax the. aaswer — thooga.the eoseserge nsoalfy knew ererythins- He does sot ecNae often auxd it sthots dnb " Is B «y bod — hss cozxaft. .Tfee peopfie do sot Exec& They ay it dasaxbs thesn, Is ts so bod.' "It a too hue to are bm.rocioe cow,9 the two friend# said to ea other afterward "bet if weeonld do goccetwfnglmrd ferhes tt woold be a eocsfbefc. / £') &> > 'vv:'"- Only It was pom ifeii he &l; xtc& wwh to be seen. He eamc "dnly rareiy aEd always at nihfc, asd always stood m tbeshaidow cf the treee. So tiey coaH only thnswr his money and go bade to thesr szlos, ami tnSr t b etch other shoot pttytngiy. \ . Ssssebow theyraerer eoold hear Gbrcsai er npea of him wiiiuMxt speaidss alio of "The Othec.1 " "ITooce bah edselrea threw money,9 \- -said the lady a ECaefc, siHt, ocee "Perhaps he ts poor and ootces fnst for what he gets froo a . It isibs hill cieadkr Tauskefgocag . shoot from place to place la that dreary, ptteoms Tcdce aad csowiag that so one wrshes so In ten, act! that if mccey a gxTm it a cnly fwopt flftorfil oneself of the annoyance of tearfcy. Xoceit seeg&sn; scrt oc tragedy. It 0 tragic if he a a bey who feels cannot help hophrg that he dees cot feaow GtcrassI and 10 eanact feel the cocftaat, Gutacni is to resy ac/I strocg and pltaispr-I feel as if 4 XhtOtfc-r isasc beth&ia;&d; hassaxd acapais ... .... . 5e a .Vsciit simt tmir.iaiii Gatrd. I " Yea,, andl cm anc rnafe aarthmg hafe a sad |cneT"' " " tv' :' Pi.' i mae tc was a gt£ v She &riuxil; aeceic,.wn5wing tor %j& fric ?3i- actwan. n»1« wutui£ sui uii ta& dhek. They i£if nac hisiz u mnn» sr>an half a czbhl jl thueaxadS. waaheoI as»caaB$ «£ty.— Fscaaos B? a wron-g ecei garow me ; saaey sii aim,9 she aaaL' araj he rw 3 i' rur-i-pshcp-ja- aio atcjgerjqge isaxrcmxc Fsh"7i5"alLx.ajL jlth- hsaT pour rure x cesc ic B mfis recover, B»r wim fc?Vm5- Er mfgifiw ; tJecsrniitr' \ " 'Zaac afrkuf nuiv9" €»etrainr xxxswereh. j am. afraiif cc » hr oot.9, \\. The? ' neat day taey awtir zn- jai, '3S&Z; G thesiu - --' :-"-" : r' -- \- Be qnsg nx: ae xBsnom. evnmny raSng :X Bsrift afleirenrd bmi Ssolcnes smwaati pZeased. ; t£ a hit had ao.atacb.snng&'.suiscesaaigsiad ; hide to he r«dly sfiyt ' IS eertxailj ctesas He. latitat SeRst Ifas, eeacam amhizmun masfistl gesnxs af irnmmce. -BEe;" wan x Aaii wS uiuie agrod ; hjcnorsd Scsik- peaMcas nxmi ccnmsosBr xpcuzc£> j cf>e OTTrnrnxHeaxoed wayfl aadaqtpcrciaSrie ect£ue ; aoil fursiae which had given him a good tqTc& : They fonstl 5 suhtaoL thus be had omsehnit imtniraiia,9 j that he woo nsftgg toed! of ssraet smm fhit hail aeexa tauhi -racz&thfaip; of xmxsishya > eertsis "Itaesara Ifecaer,9 whose mieuiess B ; was to frnTn c?ioca« u taxr tmy taotra. AH thos he ibxew ac his he TaT,->»,£ firms I JZksrtzo 2£eehcrL. Does- he call ymt tsot ywi hxrr a rery good ; voice J9 aslcad thit liulym. hhici. Ye», srgmici, he aayj 5s 5s x gac<£ "muas.9' 1 .-.th£ he seGvymxy I dirssay,' that ymt ssssh aSa ore af S: xad nac ssraht cr xt 2J Ye sfcuiri. he wacna are af thai3" Yflit aee9" she hidy went »», % Ebtle 5scard am sarSt. ysiws grawng Era ; short sfrnfr B wTI oaaage nxto a jdang szasfs yuce. And if yarr Sanies andgcn while s s caaxtiitogyxnr may B far evec. Bat £ yur.ggg-eirefiil B may became stem x »aice u — it enreryhmrrshaH to Kiescm 2£aehez£ taufyaa taaty1 Is was pbfrr that SCaestro Ibnos was set tx ' mtagmasr«e hnnseiacd&athecxnuExed1; ; aTXiielf ta theprssBtti aai£n£f axMoedanestrr- ! racaitnrsB prhnrts&Hy.; The TVmrrrf.ifr | 1 szserascics wer cer2Xp% gaoXcnomm aad1 ; the «fmnaita3c»." ' I H sxx3 thxs I ntasf soh sBg nr xasab i : ciacb &>xrgscv9 svi£ Ghmnnf. "And I ssnat i ; £e well aajt not ram&Ie; ahmr? as nishc.9 - j He at 'giBe rcht,9 saSf the Eidy ct huicic. 1 "Eaxeytut ever thooghs thaiyair wonhl PVj- 55, . ! ehoiiee asnsfc far x profsTC. — to care foe your ; oicih ami trtrrv fs and he a sznsfciza, — a stager She spo&e; wisb x sffizee of seme ssward oncer- j tahrsy. He wxt so good temperediy proiaar ! ahouaBalL He sritf and gawe x IB5e sorog: of hits ! ahcohasce, "Is&nciilEcci6;,R5e$iaL "Some-! timer they saka fcxctoaa, they say— these who : hxegemt reuses and sag. cxl esag%.9 j "YsssaJd she lady in. nEtc. "Aceairttnzl; touss si x grsat amt hrihgs greaa foctzme | SQQIii tanas, ii a. : B wjold he a ga<»£ thrzg. fur too to go tx«&hco;£ | ; agxir if yms caald. I: woiI pcare yao to ' 1 Lsam other shftrgr bettsr— to tnt> ycor soiice 1 Uii scady gatar zzrcce easily — if rime w-j. ! when ywi waaiol » o> h. Ifaaatro 3Iecherii wacld tell year thai, tco." | "Is a yxtetnfesaai GuvcxonL "He teilf , me often ass I aast acc straar my Toicti th-? I most son ia$toccd xhofri at- n%hs. There 5$ i x boy we hscw of who hod x rcics-B wax ; : wery fee— f i The lady hi briirfr and the gBI wish the grey - eyes x GtsSe mure- cawxrd ' mtetesSed and rxsher eager. f "Henied to sing xr I cs2 caofBoeii Gh> tut of. 44 IZxestro 3Zecheci «iyt ' hik vtnee wxs 1 eras hettgr thtn gghe. People gxre hist x treat > Cttsd of mcney when, he sang; Bos he wax neb ITta me. He was net so stroag 3£acsiro 3£echert and he waa net sceadr in ha »wyr_ He ; wxr always tavrmg aboos mxdtr am hxafxr fancies cf what he mht do when, he grew He bxi bees fciErgd to hy seise pT«?ra wno "\ came frees Ayrrergsa, ami B had pm £as» | bss hrtaA He,9 wish a hrght, shnpSe mn, \ "IhxTsno tilca .The ether— - he had many — | and they jsade him tesHes."' | "The ctngr.9 eariafmai the Jadj ca hi Bigfah And she and the wish the grey 1 eyes looesd at each other auir. j; " They spciTthi hhn9 GSswaanrweiit oc. "Hi- naed to do$ too much. 3 Uesixo Msohari ; he was tooragarigit and he cizghi cahxrelet' his rouse rest. He was o&Sr; thaa L Hegoc'. echi ami begxx to coagh, ami he oialtl sot wars eat2 tt wa» fcestee. He was hearse, and he wxs ! afraid he hid teat hH retce, he wcold heep'- trying B to see H is hsui. ease Ikes is oanded crairtsd and hxao. Ami he lotis' pnsasscev xnd began toTagahocd abaocs at nigbt, I Oftea he dBi xoc go to bed aadE2oc5n$he mecrtagi . Xow hs voue- a. quite gone, > (' Hiestro 3£scheri axis it wiU atxc refcim.9 ." " What ts hB cxmeT xikad Gerlrafe. 1 . .GkaTaanl gaze ha ' shade of x shrzg- igiim. "I 1 do act he saaL "Idoeohf Enow him. ' 3Ivmsto 3fecheri tctd me as a ; warwns. - " ' £ "Thoreaxbijy whocozses stags before Ihe hotel as cBzhsaocieames, the btdrcxf hfa>E, " We hxTe msdeed that his Toice j ' Bees, spoiled. - Perhaps thxS H he. " Yfcf. shxt w pcsoiHe,9sniI GibraanL "The! fsetazxa sred to She to hear went j fc ill she hotel. Tbsy- »y there was a rwa 1 cgaocx at eoe hotel who wax x singer fcerseii, ' aad had sside her foutcne, and she xaked txso her ralcanr oca cht and nixie him sing foe be& And he pZessel her 30 sinch that she tchl him he weald hx«e a wemiertoi Efe, amiahe gare h sax 23 franca toe hzzxsself. They say," with aa tnaoMStiy mrrsf air, "tbxs she aHo TsSssedhca. "And now his Totee is qaiiegcoer earixiaed thlxiyia. fclaeE. i -KiasoHtttoi E: b loss fireser. He shoedd ccs fcxze fexd biexa— ami strained B bntmce aoch a Tigibord. . He sail it quite dnry and wirhoot azsy air of 21 nature er sereriiT. He seemed to be merely sating Beta. "VThesedoeshe Krel I.wiih jroinewha wr» lr fat CTWT ; . "1 tbtnV he Etc acewhese tx the CUa Yecehia, bat I do nee bow where. He c E, they »y, and aeSdcai goes oat now. . He aught mete ce£2. " That was x bad thing for has.9 He went away tees afterward. They had learned where ha mother End, and" thxs Maestro Mscheri might be foajed and taQced to. Thty had cot made any prccsaes cr seggeatad to hlc the fflgfibfEty cf t£ih hxnsg plana. " He weetoS wit&apcese;&t; bf isicD'ia bs pceEst and smrW es to good looting face. A few inmates before be west as he was being shows a booE of Tuscan aoeg he steed near x table whSeh held coe of the ptoses of the boy with the shadbwTdarir eyes." ' - '/';;'' :" Is this the s%uttigeysto aaat Ihlaa, xsd is in AmericaFv he xdmf- r ? : ?," The lady in black took, op mother picture and pxswd it to hioc. . .u . _ "No,9 she ail gsatly," "thfe a the iase who is a Ameriei.' \ Th»hoy voces Sxctra-c fancy Ens ml hadx&cIEaircy; homgr nareaml yea. Hi hmmttP eagaiesy agjKtaifc a ca mm mHVret ami ueefiaE cixn sft tadheualuaxs xs.tf mere hay-r I ;wb rrfetrwgwy xtSd&g;£tg--ms.— 'Harsaaa | imir wBh. ocsrsc Es was evxfisu. to "WfTTinr «"ynirin>»-atkt l|»iffls flam tt> y«i6 r firtane. Eif wis "r"x hczaeir 0 he Ixat B 'hxwa \ ' "Aait thus aehec,"" he ?ai» xs_tae Sdiafcgihcire anih tw he sr Aaterara?'' 1 The Boy ax the gnrfctts— hB sscjuuxxg pce- f fclPHNS «fflp»ery qcg af«f' niytilny — .mtHTt-? SS sxetB the yitimg eastaifiV eysr wBix » £br' sfij- nUTCUt B VSS 23 i ce rosy two But hicBtihxs emrx athtsexhxn&>t- ax «- taeyms-hxzeilSaixecc ththxl «sool sbss "to i Bee. f' "TUa cn saal ClacxaitBssrxsxanieszcs t SLSSC&. If r»f»- hny»«Tf hat — aaih where 5f heT. '..-'.t., k The gsf «Bhi che grey eyax.Siaf -her hand / tartTy an. an» siUM&ha;, xatlsgata is. x urr ruTce ' eewtscfter tiaai her asucB: ,, \ "ThBs cmsi,' tie sto!" he SssE three nrcstZb ... fc- .-.. CHT2Ea.EY. . I BrigEcx cum&ed.; tiswiy op tietissp mrarr streeat 'af she CBcs TeoehEfc— the Asreecs wh£c£h f: w«re so sasmur xi &i; he sxes pxsagse beswees. tlieall2, oh£ boacx prxciitKal xrtisai tie ruxb i-cf paa&htW; arthipbes ' hy the many ardLwxy b shcawa ccsus Srcac waHta wxIL ft woe these ahl hauaes and narrow, callage Iutt, sc asp I straea and uneacccett ar sawnys wharx gaze CBna ecctux— wtSm tizisty she old |i city — 5a ptgSrirasqnimggg, and node the fireat- £Bsss du&o; up to see it. s> aftesv sad szahe I tirfrfrey of oarrrpn cfB.fi aerautd x mxumC- hiuxold ptxceX' she srreituir, and durmg the r whiftgg leaooo, when the tinea f?f ami uiExs were f dEhd wtcb tiear the ncnaaais m. the idlcLSy9 r bocx.t&i-; qusce.nse! toseCTg grouye cc two cc t three well dressed secp£e ahnnx. aarp- : pthg to hxeh: op. the dazB narrow stane staiir- t wxy. or sniy iron hxrred wihtBsws. artlehs \- msg shenmeTze wizh x timhre mm wai ac x r ccmrhang »rer. wBh. zrcest weens spirairsiig cat :cf cssames rtrgu cxtkeans. Thefacestsrs&ad; chiae queer w ays. They who were rrrr and EvedB the graaii hcctit xm£ whrne auhis and \- wuce wuodsrrcl rirm 5 x sersotts cc dcolby, Ttltb Bzgncs cc : sacks of o&e; stumh&xg;: havydy up the hrC- tile ureses, Br hurrlcx ibas tcimhihg the 1 walhs ao. and chey woohc leak at B ' zi If B'wne x wundrr, xnd xs if the p«$xant : wuQixs waBcng heshle B wBh her wexer wum : dick net named w kfc- x red cc yeEuw and : green, ham ikarchasf trw? orer her aijrTr h air and mifrfr htr coin, is cf tie were- x wende? tr \- And someemtes tier hod bees bm te srr akecehescf bocB is if there were noa real xsd ; . rnmf pCciares of hfnfi-rnnsT ami saints and aagtis m. -«» fee picture g»'z?T cf grext eBxes they were always rxnhiciig ahoaS tie > world t> vai(L The peasants tzulrt thxs i : all tis ascot heexsse zhxgf n.i? i ta do and were so 3 m ?f.». cctii- ! ' ' Btigusx— who was fsvannrs msather— d;t£ 1 ' zat stmpees for x nxaRzcas thxt she wis ; picturesque. She t&2 cac knew what pfcturrzts meiat. She knew she youxxg cex feail caltol her x pndi.i .zBi jean; before tie had zcactir£ ! Cchk, and had had eatiirea and. worked so hacvL j Than tie had hees: phzsnpv anil £133. I \- cog white teeth, and orrrht eyts, and there had bees red ea her bcows cheeks "r x crr£ i bx her thnzk ham. Bus now tie nma&lsred; hecr self xx ehl wccrafT, thoc. she wis nec cce aa ! tie fareasan cormial jam She cksd 1 ix th? bsosey T"nn? the chtilrstz the! heaaDy tie had weekad at the eEre harrat ! tie gzxpe guherag, and had dcue all sects cc i tinrjf cc the cB of html Caix rented ht the ' CBTngagna, and tie hod imuwn sinewy a.i there j were fees cc her race, ami her btark hair wis always moce cc less rwtgh nmier she eed cc yeHcw ami green handier ehhc siSeil over is, | had aeTecc-wneaixBuenex. It wottilhx-e trcuiiLiii i her ahacHt aa oxtcx is x erewx. It ana coly she rccsftifti— tie tisoocxs — who ware Ettis shBrs szaile cf stt a Ixee. a r&i; z sazrn—n and SawrrxT Ami If tie cul sea knmr thai she was x pBcnresqne cofeet hervlf how assti fees tBIsae rupees scat her tiaaiy, eisatierbg; 6y her safe wise a hordes of fodder swie ax Hrge as him- self, wax x aoct of picsure alsc. He wni Unh shaggy, grey, pateos need beast, with scfx furry, huts ears asd Icog bbek eytiatEteq exs grx«e Essie face ami tier, steps bgkod were esxctiy the zhnrs 1 so pot is a axesehof tie narrow, steep street with. ataent, cregiUac haueee ce either nT cf tieas, and she usexgecteti arches, Brigstx had been to tie eaatparax to help CoB with tie oEre gxtierBp. - Gortacai. th»vtyt he wax her ddeic sec ec wdekisg age, had see bees with shea, beause tiey bad focsd zot shot he eochl be acre ctefttl to them cf he were avowed so use and soesgth b asothecway. Hh tinging wis a good rhrrg foe the, and 3£ae»tn» Mecherl sold it wax better that he act be -pxx so labor tixt would tire his, because Is was met good fee his Tcica. And it did n at matter so tins he bcocght hi btip cce way or and spoa the whole hh» vuiee fcrwtghs ta erxeh. more than his labor ta. she ntiH er lineyards j wall hare dose, 1 Whea she bad cEsxbed ug» tie street io her ; own. door lad cnlcodnl tie dexker, «? drriea I = hest mso ass rough stsHe with tie Boa barred I I windowq she gxre his seme food t«? 1 > she stoepy duk stcce starmy whiea tcck hcrto I \- she ccoox whoro tie Ered, 'Whea tie opened the docc a.l catered tie | ; Bzizig room a wiry Ettle eldecfy mT rtae fsam.; , a chair at her entrance. j 1 - " Gccd day, Brypsa,9 he siaL "Ihacehseni i unrrig foe yea, j Is wax 3uetro Hstierv j "Gccd day, maestro,9 she answered. " l| hare fceex at work as the cEre gathering wBh Cohu There t» qaste a g>I oror», bus tie . cErei are fault There has set been ».nrh 1 sa at9 - - - - ! "That rf true,9 answered 3He$tro 3I " We feaTe seeded nla for maxy week. I haTe I "Has aaytiiag goce wrcej with hmztiei xtisd. _ | " No, stil Hxestro Ifecheri, "he haagooll lock thxbt2gaccL He has x hae icice ami dj strong and coatroahlei with kfoax And he Hi gcodfookrBm. Oftes I h&re; Dtecey Is gsrex I xs much to his merry eyes and whhe teeth as- to f hss ir- gng. The focestieri his eheerfal, t hasdsocaefoce. It a good lack to be been lock- 1 xsgEhetixt, R has pcastily "cmde ha 'fcctese! for hss.9 — '-- "la what way, SxnSa Satis f caHiased f Biagiita- : „ - rj '" The focwi«ri hare wiys cf thkr. cws,T| said the maetro-X " icere are two pxoeas r who hatve heard hnv tir-ajdrhxtc." Saaea a fzzcj f to him.9 | "Yesw":B?%ittsa mtempced, "tieyseat she eoccfofgo.cf the£r : ho⪙ so te& ham $0 came 60 1 tierr afoa the other, day. .Gioeansi.. told met aboiti B It wax aU Kbng wBh old modes asd ! pictures attd'faas'sairh » car sees ts the tiocs I foe afltaprrtfei. and B'waa QU :w5fh : £ow» I and these were many pfosmss cf abwhob I dead. -His moth»-.wax tie cae who Knt the eceeaerge to Gsssaxsi.9 I "Yes,9 saai Eieiira Hccberi, " that it it, | |aaw& tins ci tie. pwni. , That . a why I soy hej ho ways cf theor ewai the foecadecE Ilant speiqje when, x rftffif -«ra»— i£th«y are "Bex — hitryhsx dhely ami hazt iaair y&Sidc; and white teadiwrsastix>ber'-&aff;'1t»£&h;: .TSyare w»ry hax£ioin«v ticse bail wnsshs r wish J/i»s £»j£nf . cr ' J/fC JHsarr; aati. ctisc scnsBtea apox titnr„ £ hare eria men a :.I£ss&; -weepmg wiUnw mode cf gnco beadr heai caterer a hea>hcsise....The23.ars beaxstfal fepsaflsctsr fsr't&sdsad; cmde ' cf ' HestUT"' Aiirl : chsf sgmca tssas he ric&, baa . she teems to i haze queer ahsao ; tie tfoi sac expfsns mrtt'Ti rrn m»p T -frT -war hansaisehwtkffiQ tie seems ax zf fctie wss wit amlst£titt& tfie hop's ticaSd ee ! gpgd «£ earth ami mretaKie enfy nx Rcn&e.; iShe has a «riti\v w mk tian fetioaliA sang sSiH j- so Eue ox earth and <5a tims.foc other boys- It cstirtiir, hiBBBx good tihsfoc-Gsiozaaa. zSeeiaetoseemeaboat hart,9. ' 4 ! I Rapfeat made- x gealae cf aasnemeah. Her eyes had been wide ccex before now her ssooth apeneL ; JYeq9" csashuted &e; suuatzi, gggattnifag ha. gtirsfrh enrhhsr poll, shehaaawushtaxt. tia fooy af hers — who £y ni PiraiI5ie---aoahI help GforaaiDl S&e; dcl hot tiy-B ezactfr, hot I scotsSI see she had some £sacy — I guessed B &cm; uhicctos, and frsm her cqfirff, whmh trembled f. whex tie>pohs. I am nafe a dail feSow." \ "TThas does tie wsai fco?9 oH Eriita, "It nzahsx aae feet strange— such ax ilea, 1 am not sure I like B I& ntijht bribg El farsune— j; una the ccE eye — to haze a peraca who 1st dead . waschmg- over eoe. '-... P Ibiescro 3£ecLzrt tirugg-ii. ha zhodlen. t "Than as strrpui.' he «af?L. "Is as tic '?+ of la pcmia&.re He faew'-tiah Br%5s4; wax a 'r peaaasB aad quite a coosaaoc. ami ordsciiy ctw, f aoilhe wort waxa prafeasicQAt poaaa connected wBh tie theatre fil aat shrhiktrocsjpeaSsag: f h& mh&i; to hem "It h a go>I thing focGao- rTinnf, and her phm-s ate senSe n& spite of her mseim. _SIi£ sayx that he hat a Tooee whitit oxigus bcag hem fame and fcetmre, t£ be dees noc amht is hy amgaig sco fong If B » trrTiit afterward. She says thaJs onh'oc the fcc- Suae cf her sex she wiE pay yea a sum whara 1 rwEI sake it pc&aale; for yea and Cbbs to afford , Co £ss hhs. sscpnasngo? tie street, and fcesfea3 1 ' go so school for a year cr . stv ostzl fe» vboce es : . chaagaL . I am to wafrir crer hr? sod let bar j know when. B will be safe to begin igTmrn H-r j ; \- Ami I am nz the rf-r- ;<> tessfr hiss all I ; . ksaw aho&t; grric that is ssay fcsfp P,r-w when he ; can. &cggr; pnetfrchg . ""Iix Ek» a rocsaixc9 said Btiguta, statins. | : "They hxi 5das — tie fore»t£eti. It a well j » they care money alsn9 | llistro Ifschert rubbed ha and looizd ; as her with asapetior scratiiT. It wis of course . oar.irai tias a pesjaiat wooan not xoakr- »' naad all thni ctishi i sake a rich mas. of hla9 be saxi. f: "If his soice I a Tery fine one — as I think It I wSI be — he etay matka. yr'g fur Hessay t siag ta great eitaea, perhaps before taekrag. and r tie EBpcesatios wUI pay fer-p nr«h»ftte levefymght. Is was so with Hatio, xc IssowBh ; EiUi There &f; $o zalaifcEe as a some I all the world wants so Ewas5' Brutitsa hssghed a Stsle. "Ge canssjc being one's mind aHatccceto r tiBkrtg tixt cf cc' own chi&I;, she "E L' woalti be queer enccgh to irr'nV cf Giozaagj sag fag before she king "If he has psi foetuae,9 Haeftro iHeehest, "that may all oxse B tone. The IsignMes wished, me to see yoi acl Cell mi explain to jou and ub joa ii jeis were willing She is geaig away scon Easels wBhex u Mrraageti.9-.' ; l Bffigkta taoghed a EstZe ragueir ink f "Yaa masseuse and see Colt,9 she sail. I "Yea will aos be xach imbecrles as torefgiey saal tie cafiaa " What oee baq ooe has,9 she answered, "aad : «oe eaaaot be sure of what his tocos will be Fwhcahessa yeosgesas. Bat ax she wiU gm fscoMtimg to caikecp tons for taking his wock I new, I do act eT>fy- Cclx will care. Amj xs for ; me B ii all the sine so that cse » sccsetihsg 1 hi eoe's haa#L ' ! "He eoaM not slag czoce tian a year,9 sail the zueatro. - Yoo fcsasw tow the ether boyr vcffie was lest, and bow he broke down. Hiiwas ccagniScsKtq9 with another rib at as gruzZed esrit ami a qoeer broi and tone ef regret. "It wax aagaiSeeat. He wooH Bros szg before the P3g — c ooold cot have been otherwise. It was a grvat n'zvrtaae foe hsaz. " Yea 'mean the son of Iti? saHBcttia. " He died list nhs, and she is almost they »t.# 3Ixestro 3£echcn"s look cf regret took co. a vxdlca spasmodic deepening. "I>ii he? he sail. 'poTsiao! Pcrar- usor " Hie has been dying for aoatiie :Hc:na, "bet tie wooH not beSeee it, He ; ceagSnl uat3 he was worn to a titccs,9 "Ah H shsd Alxsssro 3fec&oi;: " And fce :c st baTescsg before Hsgst Is wasa wocder- f al tcfi&fc.5; .; ._ " Bat be b (iaq saai Hdphs, uzaeasctaaa- iaJ-. "He dW rfg-t 9 . Cbxstss. T. The lady ht bTagfr and her fries! W always :ba T«ry food cf the CStia YecehB: Tfcer often dStabed up the steep hiSsahe streets vbifted the moss ua3qne curjiec of B.-They knew tie narwweit pasog-a, the areh ways, and disk Ettle stone stairways; the queer basrtd windows through whJch ooe caalii look iiaSothetSirkutis and s«e a sheep cr two, er a mker, cr a calf.- They knew the fountains ; where - wares .waa drawn and the beg ooe viae ' the women steed, around, the square stcoe , fcutia and washed their, cloches astl ; Uffhrrg tcgetiec. They knew tie white chmcb at toe too of' the highest poczt,- tie 3£utacaa deEa Coca where the wen: so axis and where these were so many queer r«ite ptctmes — imxlZ, Tiifantly cclcccd, ami strangely detifoed things repcesent fog tie sc«se some qtastrcche fccoi whka. tie tiraa bad been fo»ctsed by ®ce» pozxea samt. These were alwnja iateressiog to ersmhrey ax each er>» ftyfd story. There v«e.paesisresrel tiemzs at. sea, with Es&er; beam ' apparectPy abbeS to be engulfed ; there were piktates cf runaway horses ca tho pnTirir-w . 4 plecKp- there were .others of Byktww cf scifoet» from, dangespas. Qsesq -focot castaltSes cf all khsds, and geaerallrui seBM? conMrwas'dep(ietedftie;€gure ei tie saatt « Hidoxsa descesdzsg foemYaradece to raztispese the saered pratscswa between; tie tictias aiad iazpendmg datih.' Earhctteliad biea grren ta casseoeraswa and gcititiaie,. - , They v .were xrasple and' pcxazztite beyoad descriptisiz, but the filth they showed was a thing." " "Only,® the girs friend wsed : to say tober, HI ihoaU like to hov vbo tie'aitai a -who . dees Bs. They ize so wcndesfuL - Perhaps there Is' an ' ariisk aiafii the peasan ts hi the Clsta Yecehhi who does them all and ts.omle celehracal ta hrs way.9 : - =-- u..-. iHerlsg thebxt days'ihetwbfosablsspe&t; le San-Earo tiey weaajfe»> or three tines .loathe 0me4eantifal afteraoca. they, tnmei aba tie cEmhmg streets' after - li»iiug their hiwite Sower tiisp foxded vitk - stite'sucans ami hyaeauha, gold yellow and kuB »wd pink aneszooes» " _ . They dzsbed to Brsitia heuae ep iiinear-7 toTh?, I I lnfc»i coat eajj'-ii'. ,1 ., SwCT>x4e,< 1 1 ! »S MX rJaac4&£rS£.TrZftrr n«kt t&erar; .a aic&5tr emtnir-> " 2Ewfc» i«jr ln,j »i,|0tloa, i ia 1 S»» TMee aai£ sjs. .aii .''"I ' vtpt a gzexs iai. '. , . " — M to tuo tie c»7 h0 L, p, tioopi "Povin' T.??- f ateitts- tfcartifier ait- tiacrfs Rut fs wax a uga&sriae.9; _ u be The- ?iwi wait u&\- t. Jgirea 6S.«Ba- toS«? CoU M a&ctsS; pastiiur wxtfe arir L, r'' 1 SWT" £a oilStol. »Z gSL; / T1? potato be ism-sr jf fce t tt' T«tce tarMtl ont »-iL #pSs5?a; mtbe drew wu oac that would lul fot t&ru-f105;?111515.? a S1®14 4enf.'' uii "7 will hove more s-'1 tamoradly. obt - Etoeto loci forwira t0/. sbt ®=-XS3ss „«ALt- fett£.r-'a cn® w&0 " not hepnv ' ,1m ' "J a 0=u o« Ltia, wfa boy died/' , P«w sbob r KdiimM the « ! WWO HrieiiU ant.were.1 asdtsieaiaairiseisiiijiufwtim. ii. g3tnfMtmg.tco.ia»KMT.-.:. . c eoicreohi xol to dealt. Before fce was too tU to leave his bed j teoaed so draj fccaeli to see terries beloir I tae cbjsca i ad ni ca the kw vjJi an,| s(. , doara nsto toe o&e; litejards icl 0Ver the -ei ! .P?,'" 7&4ra - C?e 61:1 «« « other' jcsstbeJUdaacifletiiGcirdis. Hewwverv ? rfV5=« soce. I, s.erned | as u he did set rare to, live. And now Ids Brother s«s and trans c= that wa'd every after- |ccw wfeai berweexa done and stares as l,o csed to is the cfeucfc and :M cli es and the sea oejy tistt s bt i alwayj crfz. Tfcey «av ahe ii ccyisg heriell bEnd. Her aik «IW y0u£g ; ihe r bad aotazsg ens tie coy.9 f _Tfc« girt wife a hentj eves approached her lusend aa.1 pot a Unhi, hand on her sbooalerst "Isbrayeai-sheiail "Itittfci ssotyof the. Other,'-" theladv in faimi oaawered. " I fcaaew i: can,! be sad ; 1 felt it nr ny tearfe' _csi?Ts,yi- i wte ttsjr fomti stenxi.es oni in the street I a little later, h wu as if rnvciastariljr the/ taraed icwoxtfe the step which led to the chinch I cf Hidocna deSa Costa. Just be-low the inclined paved steps temiin- to is was she terrace with the low wall, against widci one co-nli lean and ; Ioo& down the xlnaogt pceciDicoc; Stiiidie on to I ; the o&re; viaejarde ami the'sinlloat stream. l!y ternisj cee gate to the r%ht one saepd acro.i 1 i o&res; ami vdas aod pnlrrs to rhe enrre oi the | snote. firoia widen nse the hili where the white Etaie ehstch cf 3ladonna dr-.U Gcardis I : iept watch orer the bice sea and those who fecaTed its «£»age— sr ' ii there o;.-dd ever lath | dangers in the scfcir npplini laie ISe calm. j It was a lovely poiai to io.:i ca: f.-om, this | towr wall h%il np in the ' oil city," which was : so tiny that it was mere lihe a town, thoepa it i was always eaTed the " CittaTecichia." ! As the friends drew near this ro n: they saw the figure of a peasant arccaa leaning with arms foiled cc the prissy sncae ledre before her. She was tec only poociy, bat cartleniy crested. One anagiaed that she had felt that it was of so eocseqaeeoe t s iieme-Ii cr to o'Lors if her boBee was HI fastened, her crinkly, bbidc hair nciempn and her head hacdkerchiel ill tied ami awry- She wna staring straight fcefcee her at the MTtv and the sea, and seesingty scarcely bjoososk tie weeds cf another -wocan who stood her with a fcordie of fargocs on her head and her hand oc her hip. Bat tie two fscestieri heard what this wotnsa wis saying-, in a well n-.-rf'—y ho: ccmmmplice tone. M PaHsnng- Lr-a. paiSrm I" she tali "Of what good is »K thish Sorrow is narml ccocgi whoa one's ch2d ores ti one has not so miay that cce eaa he spared, became cce tee Is it will be hotter cared foe. Bai ta- go trad wish grid and weep cce'i eyes away, when etebunocoe left to be' eyes sind hands for ene, nothing bat harm eaa dime of it. And it canaot be denku that he oosU never have heea happy jgiin— Plsqmalr. Air t-.-t bast his voice foepxdani extU cot firm to anything else, beeaase he wis always cr-jerning icii wretobtd. It is cot " It® fcxi fc£p3 5. bwtotTyq tiff? kS3 VttlCC U U xoii (mA bitfa x kxiiltiy, bxatliaa Wld- Gayraaiii, kars tiey »y sccse zxh fcxr« fcik>ii a imi x:« gcisgwciii mtb a gtaml Tn.i It £se open Hff taSuassI «emA$ SssHsziy to 5-r; i EscfolUtt a raxticrs. ' "Hasi'r she. saai. "I iter aioci ilt'! you nay be.saxs- enoagi some cte tcM tt& Yoo- seit -be sere- that sow is the sice, caw that: he is doadi— dead— take that — that I sA hear of sacce other— same other " . She choked and dropped her hesd tc wr n.v . h.s v. breast heaved and stngjil as if . it was hapraccicg some fietce, sweilcj tfiia;; whiil strangled to get cat. "GoTiafc raid. "I wish, yta no ®, »j carry yrnr £tjg«a fcarce. Yoa nteaa wto. I wiant tostandiereahane.'' , The peasant' woman stared at cer a se«® with a qoestfcerrig ftcw, cnil then she hershooWrv and went away, tanning taw »- sloping street near by. _ The. hdy in bhaei was breathing qiccoiit "It a tie mother of 'the Osier, _ whlicered to her friend. "I ears anisKicw sheii tike cce, only that my bow wras net ucw his Eie. J Fevhape two women Ekscca w_l tan what to ray to taca ether. "' . _ The Sol's, gtqr eyes had tears mcct- _ , "Yes," sail she— "yes,, ii,; ??,!?! knoer that I eaa'nnderwtond. too ; see ra I think : that I-ahr a sbgncciaa aad cms « fctestien, and she wwa ti wans mt I »" a ltriaaa enriooa thiis hapEOK-l the tidy in black ." 'peoaaab Her eensote- iavaas Hc' ."?w,Kt weo»a hi:eo«ere4 hers worn faee-th»« dntefced it- with, her hands. and sweOras. "w3d thins tearing her brra, » bra tea its, boor. Is ami was shahhtg -er .Uto awfel thiigt thdy moa Eta that— mother who bawrlofflcd inca s " xnggrave wberefceaatirai yea rSrsJ BlttaYhaqaneyainittaQSthEeitt— iSJ- 3hi ether mother fell thewld in her oww browse, wad teartng A j mtied up isd fpt dxwa 1 id oat tier hand and laid it 011 the peasant's | "!7i_know you cannot help it," she said; i '"ivvvere tlio' first simplo W,.il»at!oam«. i , Jf;, Somehow' it. scorned .merely Jmmo.ir I s,t there should bo in Hint momqrtt 110 harrier them. 'l'liuy were not signora 'nnd -ont-forestieri and Italian :\Vomon of the Tla-thcy were only two,-, mothers /.who. had Bibs Wood of their, hearts, - ,7 , . . . .. The woman raised her poor faco, wet, lined, 'X?reycs looked into each' other.- , Tlio Other motlior's face .wnb wet, : too, and' imlilcnly she, too, loaned against .the wall., , ... 'Your boy died," sho ..'.Umo.-.io.tta,. '""Yes," said Lisa, Mrearscly, 'and "Mobbing at (I. mle face and, hlaolc: draperies., h"I;hnvd hud them speak,- .of,'y.ou.i,jButiSWr-jtou,j»rO, 1 rich (ignora,. and ho;.; your,, son, liu, wanted nniliin"." And slic bowed lief, head again. "e_ho' wanted" life," .'whltyeretl-' the lady io black, " and I obtild'not 'give H'hhnT" Sho aresseil bcri hand on hor = breast.! I could.not «r it or bog it, or, scnrph.'lt pn-,,my ;liands . and: bets, or work for it.like, a servant, as if- Iliad ,ever liceti a lady ht "all. No 'ono 'could' sell' it. „ .fee It to ino— no orib in all the' groat,- piiw'ci1: id wonderful "world'who'rP the wlso men know nmiich. I hod.nlwaya' glvcnrililm everything rbo-bo tliouglit I could give, .liim anything— iit I could not give- him that,'. aiid .lio 'wm go I nsiig, and it.s'eemcd s.o'bedhtifiil ' to' him— nnd I te wanted' it I" And slid' bowed 'her licnd j '"prusnnale," said: Idea, -M my-;hoy,.,did -. not I mat it.., -jo' v.-> ',-«..,-i--.vi.-!io:i ' I "'l'rylry'to bo'oomfortpd that lie was not I forced to bear it" said' tho ptlfof:'. "'Bill 'ah'.!, I poor' womaii !— God Iielp':y6u— if ' lie 'didi:not mntlit." .' di i'.-tr.i ei'.i vnir:< I " Ho wantcdi.;it;,ppco,'.;,;ipripd: the.opoasnnti; "ho loved it-three years ago— two ypars ago.' vIt mia all tlie'.voiod— ' tile hdautjfiil'sil yir 'voice '.that' brok'o'hls lienrtwnii'falte and:;desefted liim— llnt'lrickeil him afiiWeft liiin to diet" v-',: -> "l'oor hoy ! ,<.l!oor,boyl! "io .wept: tho, woman near. her. .Aiid tiie-.jieasantykiiowtlint the tears ivo'ro. for thdyou'ii'g dead, sho had never icenV '" " ' 1 "He always sang," sho 'went on— "when lie was a tiny thing with found cheeks anil, big black; eyes-7-so , pretty, that tho forcaiieri stared at .him, .anil ,gavo; ,hini alili for his' good looks arid. '.his. long'Jcyo- lashes — even v then .ho could sing— Ho uscd'to by and' mako - sounds like the birds, -anil if he heard .an air in the- street; ho , would try to repeat it and tlie.n, olasp. his Iittlo. hands mi hingh for pleasure when ho linil .innde . it light, And' I was 'proud.' of it iitid boasted of him to Ihcnciglibor?, anil mndo' iiiih sing for them, lie was lilto a little bird ;'bo 'put Ilia bond ca one side like one when lio sat on my -knee and nng, looking, from.iiniler.Iiis dashes. : ; Tlioy .were 10 long as that " — measuring her fingers— " arid ho liaii curls like a Gcsu linmbino, and soft cheeks and strango eyes which seemed always to be listening for music in -tho air — suoh-ns-wo nDIQ not hear. And I was proud and let him ling. I ought to have, put my hand over his Utile red mouth and kitlcd.it then— then— that toice of silver anil gold that was suoh a traitor lula falau'friond." "Hut ynu loved it and were happy," said her hirer. " I know. I have one buy left, ho . "TI10 saints give to him that it may riot end i grief," said Lisa. "Wo poor -peasants— - fwr enough — when ho was old enough; to 7go micthp streets, it, was a flno thing for iis/tlnit iie tepid go and sing. Ho was so liandsomo and iiis mite was snoli a' wonder thafc tho forestioi-i liltil him. They gave "him money; and "wore always praising and netting him. : , Thoro was no dlicr boy who lived liko' liim; It was almost as illic hail been a real.-signoririe, tliougli he lived hero in the Citta Vecoliia. If he did not sing ue day before a hotel or n villn, tho next time" they would nsk why ho had. not conic. If ho tal bceii only like other hoys and cared for Bulbing but the praise and the money, it would hive been all right. Hut lie was not lilto that, ile had strange feelings about his music, and iio ms always finding something - to read about tinging and great singors. I loved liim and lie loved me, and I listened with all iny heart when tc talked, but I did not quite' understand. Ho knew 1 did not, but still he loved, me, and ilways told his thoughts to me. IIo' loved his mice j it was his treasure, ami ho wanted his We to lie all music. He was willing to work all illy and all night if ho might sing well in tho «nl And they told liiin — the forcsticri who knew about' voices, and Mnostro Mcchcri — that te might some day ho a great singer— a great one I " " Ho might haro been," saiil the listoncr. "Yes, I know that is true. He might linvo Men— and— — " She hesitated a moment with pitted lips— a strange light of thought scented te leap into her eyes and rost there, though she aid not finish. . ' . ; ")to used to come here and lenn ngathst the' vnllnt sniuet," saiil Lisn. " IIo would louk out over tho sea to tho Madonna della Gtiordia; Hid it would seem as if ho wero in > ilreain. . "When ho came in to cat it fould seem as if he had just wakened »itli & mnile on Ids lips. It was then that he as seeing his visions of what lie would do whon »e was a young man, and the whole world loved tun because his voioo was of silver and gold." Her voice fell, and sho romnined silent a fjiauuh resting her forehead on her baud. Then sho began again : , 1 ilo not know liowit first changed," she said, Wacstio Mcbheri tliouglit that ho was not really strong though lio looked so— and ho C|"'. 1 cold and sang when he should not. One he camo in to mo with 11 strango look on his lace. Ho told me that he had tried to sing, hut ae could not. His voice hail sounded as if it voro the voice of another. Ho tried to bo patient at first. He waited two days and then vent out again. JI.it lio could not make the 'Slit sounds. Jt, was like that many times — uint lie tried to rest and still it seemed to do 110 5001I. Maestro Mcchori snid ho did not wait long uough nnd perilous ilia voice had already begun ociiango— or peiimps it was that' his malady iau struck liim. One night when I ni.l found liim sitting nlune. His face anil liis forehead was damp with ut. lie was hoarse when he spoke. He saiil 1 i.m!"i si'ig, I cannot sing, I lmve lost it.' caul 1 . J01180'0 him, liut it sceinod as if lie to 1.1 r nCar.Mlmt 1 was la)''"!:- Ho had been iirrlin 1 1 Vllll>3 whoro tho people liad always' Iff ' nni1 tllcy lmd rot opoiitd the iriaow or sent liim money. And as lie lmd a ftiVBy wondering anil heavy hearted, linoin i iad Bcen ,lim nl"1 sai,'i ' Was it yon it . 0 0110 ltlu'vv ifc was you. Tlioy tliouglit 1011 wu-"' 11 ''i'1 not son"d yur "bat is wrong?'" In «nii„'r'iU.t !l 8ei!m<!ll no if lio grow desperate, alone 11 hoarsened ho would try aud sing luavoicn irV , ,mt !limEe1' "I ami exercise riiH,i , ".a"! that if he worked steadily it vuino till r 1 Hp began to oougli, anil hu- ponld,,';„tBiveC,,,,J "Ut "1CCP nt '>ight' b'lt ileil'ly thnk'l'm'l' Y1 c30lc'',inS I lionnl su.l- aiulJtole ? " ' nml 1 went 'l'lietlv »ai I,! Slnnco at linn through tho door. He «.Vy niL?0!' "r ,lu1' "'"<5 with heavy Ml Ji "o'Mieaktoliim. lie was my ' ni"' ,10 loved me. but there were times when lie felt ho was far beyond mo in some strango way — nnd I was only a peasant womnn. But lio loved me — lie loved me. My heart was warm to liim and so faithful. Scusi, Signers. I am tolling you a long story." "Toll it to mo — toll it," said tho lady in blnok, "it will case your heart to speak. Some times one wishes to bo quite silent, one cannot speak at all— but sometimes 011c must go -over it nil again— one cannot help it Toll it nil to me." "Yes, it is so," said the peasant woman, "but there are so few one can speak to. " " IVe have bath felt the same suffering," said tho lady in black. : "To he n_mothcr who loves must bo tlio same always," said Lisa. " I liavo knelt' beforo the Madonna in tho ohurch there, feeling tiint she must understand— alio was.liko us nftor nil. She had held her soil in hor arms nnd she stood by niul' saw, liim dia— nnd could not help .him." And bIio made the sign of tho cross. "I used to ask myself if sho looked on " — nnd sho wont on— " if she looked down at tho Citta Veccliin in those months , that camo after. Surely tho Cal-nry was not more terrible. They were so long— so long." . " And so short," the other mothor said in a voice like a cry. And-she caught tho peasant woman's hand/ "I know it all, tlicy were so long, and'so short." . , . "Yes, yes. Did yours die so t" "Yes." " Mino wasted mid coughed and his cyes'grovv largo and hollow— and liiB hair was dninp nml lie was weaker every day, hut always lio would try willi his poor voice— to sitig, mid always it grow lionrser nnd feebler and moro oraoked— his gold, and silver voice. Ami whon lie hoard it, lie would let his damp forehead fall 011 Ids hand anil large tears would roil down his chocks. Ha ceased enriy to try and sing before tho villas mid hotols in tho day light. Hcusoil to steal , out at night nml tiy in tho darkness. IIo did not Wish to be seen ; but no one gave liim any thing, tlicy had nil forgotten liim, and onco a conciorgo enme out to tell liim lie must go.awnyti tiint;lio distm hcil tlic guests. In that hotel' they, liad once made him their favorite. It was tcrritdoi to liim to fiud out that ho liad been so quickly forgotten. That night after the conolcrgo came out to tell him to go away he did not sleep at all. His pillow was wet in. the, -morning, and it was not only with tho dampnes of his hair, but with tears. His oyos liad great shadows under, them and .ho wns exhausted. Some nights he used, to wander about until it was long past midnight. ; Tlioso who did not know hini said lie lind got into a bad way, and iwns a vagabond.'. But I know- that was not so. "One night— it was tho Inst time ho tried to sing nt all — lie camo in with somothing. in his, 'hand and snt and stared at it.v Mother of God ho looked liko a ghost — a lost spirit — a con- -deinhcd fool ! " 'Tlicro nro some pooplo at the Grnnd. Hotel do Anglais, ' lie said, 'they are 'forostterij. two signorns. Onco or twico tlioy had thrown out money tome. They are generous. I suppose they nro rich. I know why they throw it to me,-it- is because tlicy pity me— they pity, mo. Tlicy hoar how bad it is— how broken r'and liidoous. Tlicy know I liavc lost it— mid, they are sorry. To- night they threw me this from thoir balcony.' And . ho held - out his wasted trembling' hand with a piece of silver in .it. ' Onco thoy would hnvo given it from pleasure. That is over. It is gono ! I shall licvor sing, never sing again !' " He kept tliepieco of silver, becanso ho said itrcmindcil liim. of tho time when such things fell to liim from so many balconies and windows, and this wns tho last ho should over have." Sho sobbed a little nnd rubbed her. oyes with the end of her hnndorelduf. , -, , i "After that lie only , lay in his boil. .He eonghod and burned with fever.' but I would hot believe- that it whs all over. He had been shoh a beauty, nnd hail sting so well a yonr hofore, and ho was so young — only a hoy — Motlicr of God— only 15 years old ! ; «! " Ouc night— it is not a month ngo-r-lie slept restlessly, n nd at last lio began to sing in a weak linrsh voioo— panting and broken ; it was Addio liella Napoli lio began, hut the strango brokon soiind vvnkeued him. YIo started anil stared at me ns if it was I whoso voice ho liad heard, "'Who snug?' he whispered—' who sang t' But a moment, inter lio lifted his head from the pillow a littlo"'ns if: liejwero listening;, It was very strange ; ho was ' as ''white as snow but ho faintly smiled. His eyes did not seo 1110, ho bo wns listening to something I could not hear ! " 'Alt ! that- is. hotter,' lie said softly— hud whilo ho seemed to listen— a breath of some thing seemed to pass across his face, and . make it qnito still, even the smile, and his parted lips anil open cym. "I held my own breath for n second. And then his head sank on tho pillow, and Ids eyes closed." .. - Is there anyone who ean say it wns a strango thing that tho- giovod hand mid the bare rough one caught niul. clung to caoh other, and that two women: sobbed as, they lcahod upon tho Citta Vecolila's old gray wall aiid felt their hearts heat against it's stoninoss ? Chapter VII. Many things happen during 10 years, and yet nt the cud of them it scomshs though somehow, after all, tho timo liad flown very' quiokly. Young things lmve grown to ihniiliooil, fortunes mid reputations linvo been mado, so many structhitsiinve been built up stone by stone, or have fallen into dust and ' been forgotten, l'eopio havd grown happy or sad, good or had, lives linvo bogun niul lives havo ended. And yctono says .with sudden wonder; "Can it be 10 years since then— rtially 10 years ?" " Diii'iug tho 10 years after tlio two motliers stood by tlio. wall on" tlio Bteqp of .tho. Citta Vecciiia.mnny .things had come to pass in tho qucor old to'wii,' which had always seemed to be crumbling. v.. The mother who was one of tlio forcsticri lmd been Lisa's friend before sho hail gone mvay herself. .. The two lmd understood caoh otlior. I.isn'lind been enabled to live and' work quietly in her old liouso without fear of suffering from poverty. Site lmd not wnnted much, ami sho iind a frionil who could not desert her, though sho wns far away. Over the mound where her hoy lay thoro wns 3 slender white cross, and upon (lie mound many flowers grew. Ou tho cross the peasant women used to hang garlands. On tho coast of tlio Mediterranean 0110 may afford flowers. Thoro wero things tlio stranger mothor had said in their talks together which Lisn liad taken to her lienrt and always remembered. Tlicy wero things of which sho did not speak innoh to others, hut her thoughts dwelt 011 them witli strange comfort when her day's work wns over ; sho usod to go and lean .upon tire low wall anil look toward tlio hill where the Madonna della Guanlia watched over the sapphire sea. "In "l'aratlisc," sho used to whisper to herself, " they say that even those who have not sung 011 earth have voico given to them. AIM 1. at joy ho would feci xvhon it all camo bnck to liim more golden and dear tlmn over. How tho saints would listen to liim— nml tlio Madonna herself. Surely sho would smilo and keep him near licr, because ho lmd sulfercil so 011 earth. And tho siguoriue — who wns a bay,' too, and had so many hoy friends 011 earth, porhnps— tlioy surely would have known each other lieeauso their mothors have wept together. But lie would sing again— he would sing again." As tho years went by there were many in teresting stories of Giovanni. It was told in tile Citta A'cccliia tiiat liis voice iind b'ccomo a wonder, and that lie. was becoming famous among tho masters who trained voices, and groat things wore prophesied of liim. . IIo was strong and well grown, and hnndsomo. ns a picture, it wns said. Ho had sent a photograph of himself to Brigittn and Cola, and they wero by no moans nversc to allowing it to their acquaintances, nnd repeating what liad been said by tlio people whu know what voices wore. And'thun camo tho timo when he sang for tlia first timo in nil opera. To the Citta Vceohia it seemed like a fairy story. Ho liad snng in n grcat thcatrn filled with grand peoplo nnd lights, and jewels — little Giovanni, who had always -sung in the streets, and been more than proud to bring homo a few francs. There had been wonderful scenery 011 the stage — places ns Alio ns tho king's palaco, and Giovanni iiad moved nbout acting nnd singing as if lie had boon itsed to suoh tilings always, And tlio peoplo lmd been wild with joy, nnd liad applauded and risen in thoir scats, nnd thrown flowers at his feet nml called aloud liis name. And from that timo liis lifo was more liko a fairy story every day. It was the great excite ment of the Citta A'eechia, nnd Brigittn and Cola wore a happy pair. Thoy need not work at all. Tlicy wore quito rich, at least Giovanni, who was a good fellow, after all, in tho midst of Ills grandeur, sent them plenty of monoy for nil their simplo wants. It wns delightful to go out with them just to hear their stories tpid discover how grnnd tlio world was. Brigittn and Coin always lmd plenty of visitors after Giovanni's career began. And one evening those who dropped. in to chat and drink a liitlo wine comfortably found th'em wearing an. nil- at once reverential and triumphant. They had just had a new letter from Giovanni, wlio was iu Rome. "To-night," .Brigittn nnnouueed almost breathlessly, : " this very night ho is to sing beforo tire Queen tind' tbo King ! They havo asked it, anil all the court will he there to hear." ' It was true that on this night liis nudienco was a very magnificent, one, and that the loyal box wns filled. Tho King and Queen had como; to hoar', this wonderful new young singer. ' wlio had risen like n. star, and who liad- onco ' been only '»' Iittlo". street singing peasant. , And because the King 'and Queen had come the court had followed, and the liouso was a splendid spectacle. There wero beautiful women nnd rich, dresses, glittering jewels, and flowers and soft colors and perfumes everywhere. And bveryono was talking of tlio marvellous young tenor nnd tlio great fame which had come to liim, and great fortuiio which his future held. In ono of tlio boxes were a lady and a young man wire were evidently not Ramans, but their interest seemed almost greater than the rest of tlie audience. It scorned an interest a little dif ferent from tho universal one. " Thoy were mothor and sou. The mother wore soft black drnperios, and her blonde hair was powdered with 'silver threads. Tho son was a graceful, happy oyed young' fellow, with a- bright face and laughing oyes. Ho leaned forward with a'boyish smilo of pleasure; ' . "AVlmt a house ;!" ho said.; "AVhat a splen did liouso ! I nm so; glad ! How lovely tlio Queen looks . to-night' Tlio King seems ' in a cheerful mood,- too. Thoy nro siir 0 to ho pleased; of oburso they mustbe. Everything goes woll for liim. AVhat a ohango for ri Iittlo peasant. I wisli l had seen him whon lio sang ; under your window,' and, thought tlio francs you throw hini wero n fortune. ' It Avas' just after— '—" I Ho 'stopped aud put out his warm young baud and touched his mothor's. : " ; ' ..f You; ... wero .very sad: then, dear," lio said. But out of that all Giovanni's good, fartuna has.cbmo, .How strango it" is. , If you had not gono thoro ho 'might .hnvo sung in' tho streets until lie had spoiled "hiiy voice! Thcu he would have had to livo tho lifo of: a common peasant; If. you had not. mado his first, step- for him he might .lievor havo been , able ' to r make tho .others."",' . | .1 'His mother sat a' Iittlo In tho shadow of' tho curtain and looked at tho brilliantly lighted stage. i Slie smiled a soft vngue smile. 1 I'lrwonilor if.he over romomhers . that It: was not really' I 'who. did it— hiit.a, boy liko himself- whom ho 'never saw., It was Leo' who iyas.his friend.'-'1- v., n; - It was n splendid, wondrous night for tho young tenor. AVhatsopypr . tho triumphs that liis lire might bring hint in tho future, thoro would never lio 0110 which scorned quito - so joyous and mngnificent as this houso whon young and full of exultant spirit lie poured' forth his song before tho brilliant house, whilo the king end queen applauded liim witli delight \- — the king and queen in tha marvellous stoned capital Df his .own country. He was a beautiful young fellow, of a dark eyed, simplo, stalwart type. Ho had evidently lived joyously and without pain or despondency. There were 110 shadowB of past young stifl'eriug in liis woll outlined linpiiy face, liis tempera- mcnt-lmd'saved him ail that. His black hair curled crisp nnd close over on unmarked fore head, liis brown eyo.x liad the golden clearness ono sees in tho eyes of somo fine young nnimnl, lie liad a gloriously olive skin, mid n body which was full of grace and strength. AYlion lio opened his fresh red lips tire notes that poured forth were golden sweet. Tlioso who listened found it a pleasure merely to look at his joyous, youth nnd beauty. As the scenes of the opera soccoodeil each other their enthusiasm grew. The queen leaned forward smiling, the npplnuso grow deafening.- They called liim out again and again nnd yet ognin, and ho camo bowing nnd smiling witli joy. At tlio end of the Inst net tlio house rvas throbbing with delight. Flowers rnincd upon him niul were so heaped about his feet that lio could not rcmovo them unaided, Tho lady in black had been holding on her knee n large bunch of deep purple violets. Sho bent forward and threw tlicm to him herself. Ho saw her, and raising tlicm from the showers of more brilliant color, bowod low witli a radiant look. As tlicy rose to lenvo their box tho young fol low with tho bright faco was filled with cxul- taut excitement. " How perfect it ail lias boon," ho said ns ho folded his mother's wrap about lier. "How perfect ! IIo could not have lmd a greater triumph. IIow happy ho must ho ! How glorious it is to think of it. Ho must feel, that earth can scarcely hold more." Ho stopped a moment and looked down at iris mother's' face. Her eyes wore wot, hut they were- filled with a shining smile which was nl- nrest'atrnngely happy. Ifo'took lier hand nnd drew it through his arm, presiiug it lovingly against liis side. "Yon are thinking of something, dear," ho said; "what is ill" She met liis young eyes, tier own glowing even moro radiantly. ."Why," slio said, "wo understand oach other's thoughts so well that it-must seein strangely fanciful to you. l am thinking of 'the other.' You know how sad it was, that story.ofj his. , And just mow, as I saw : all. 'tho flowers and tho jewel liko lights and heard, the roar of tho applause — and glnncod nt the king, I tliouglit all at oiiao of ' tlio oilier.' Giovanni has gained all tho. earth can give— but. the ' other ' has been all these years in the golden city with tlio opon gates of pearl I AVI10 knows — who can know what his life lias been. He lias sung, too— and tho king hns heard him. Perhaps thoro was stillness through the, great fair wondrous spaces whilo all listened, pf the two— of Giovanni and tho other— wliioh' of them to-night— which of them — -Anil ' her voice fell into soft silence. And wo who -know, only, tlio life of onrth with all its incompleteness and longings unfilled wliispcr with hated breath, " Which of tirem — Ah! which— Gio vanni or 'tho other.' " Tub Em 