GHOSTS. (Andrew Lang, in the 'New York Forum.") Ghosts do not come of." attentive expectation at least, not to everybody. I have been at amateur seances, and expected a great deal ; but never saw or ] j heard anything more abnormal than a suppressed giggle, for which my own innocence was unfeelingly blamed. I have passed nights in a haunted castle, with the whole haunted wing to myself; and that when I was young, ill, and overworked. I have occupied the ghostly chamber where the original of, Dickens's Miss E Havisham (in " Great Expectations") lived and died in her mouldy bridal raiment. But, in spite of cjx.^ec|iing, with fear and trembling, all sorts of horrors, I never saw or heard anything. He establish the existence of a bogey, 'in another haunted castle, and in the haunted room, I have known ft timid and invalid spinster to sleep comfortably, though a military officer of approved valour had previously been so frightened in it that he had cut short his visit and fled the place. Here was a ghost of gentlemanly character, who appeared only to persons unlikely as he might guess, to be dangerously alarmed. As a rule, the fairly well-attested ghosts of my acquaintance have been soon, lost by the timorous i and fanciful, but byummaginatívo people in perfect health. 8000 persons, as a man ! says in one of George Eliot's novels," have the smell for a ghost ;" others have it not and you cannot say beforehand who will I prove a seer, and who will be unvisited by I any shape of dread. A scholar of world-wide reputation (among scholars) was, when a boy, driving in a dogcart, while a stout farmer held the | reins. Both were Scotch. They passed a churchyard, beyond which the road ran through a long avenue of trees. Out of the I kirk yard slipped a shadowy figure, passed over the wall, glided' beside" the dogcart all down the long shadowy Avenue, and then a vanished. Neither the man nor the boy said a word while this lasted. When the appearance had vanished, the farmer whispered, " Did you see you ?" " Ay," said the lad. " Thank the Lord I" cried the farmer ; " I was feared it was the horrors." He had been afraid that the appearance was subjective, and bom of whisky toddy. Finding that it was objective, he was reassured, though neither he nor his companion ever knew what the thing was that I they had looked on They both, perhaps, J were " seers," and had the smell for a ghost." To myself, the most impressive spectre I ever heard of at next to first hand, was I this-I think I may have told ; the tale before There is, in an English county, a village of one long street. The houses are small and old. At the head of the street, and at right angles to it, is the manor-house among its trees. The lady of the place was driving through the village one day she told me the tale when, through the open door of one of the house five or six children rushed in the utmost panic, and one of them fell down in a fit before the horses. This was about 8 o'clock in the afternoon, on a sunny August day. The lady stopped, attended to the child, and asked the others what ailed them. They I said they had been at play on the stair- < case, when they were terrified by a a dreadful woman, who suddenly appeared among them. And why was the, woman dread- ' full The children could say only that she was dressed in a lone woollen robe, and had her brow and chin bound up with white linen. In fact, she was a walking corpse, come back from the days when the law compelled us to be buried in woollen, for the better encouragement of the wool trade. This wandering old death, seen in the sun light by children, has always appealed to me as a very good example of ghosts and of their vague, unaccountable ways. For it is most unlikely that the children knew anything of the obsolete law or of j the ancient English mortuary fashions. However, there are differences of taste in ghost stories, and many prefer something with more of a motive for an appearance. But the best-attested spectres are motiveless ; they resemble, as Mr. Myers says, what we might expect of a dead man's fevered dream, if in that sleep of death such dreams may come. Whether ! they come to the dead or not a sort of re- ' fraction of them has come, and probably will always come, to the living, now and then, and like A sunset touch, A chorus ending of Euripides, will ever make us lose assured that we know all about ourselves and have spoken the final word on death and life. This, I think, is the moral and the lesson of ghost stories we do not yet know everything. 