Mah With a Box,, Who woo the man withtlio box? For tbo thousandth time did Dootor Oollamore aak himself thia question ; for tho thousandth timo did hs ponder over the grim conun drum, till it seemed like a spectre haunting him continually. Sleeping or waking, an apparition was ever by his Bide, demanding now mournfully, now Bternly, " Who am I I V And this apparition was the man with the box. If tho man was a myatery, the box waa nono tho lesa one. From long gazing at it, the dootor had come to regard it as a kind oi hideoua, all-knowing domou, which might open its lipa and toll all, but oould not be made to. But thia waa only fancy, for the box, as it atood on tho dootor'a table, waa an ordin ary little caskot of mahogany, with aome Bigns of an Eastern origin, perhaps, in ita curious carving, but to a casual glanco a mere oommonplaco wooden box with a look and koy. Yet a glance at thia box waa enough to bring to Dootor Oollamore's mind thoughts of all that waa dark, mysterious and un canny, The dootor Bits before it now, gazing over it at the lurid aunaet gradually dying into grey. He holds the key of tho oaBkot in hia fingera, aa he haB so many times before in tho last five yearB, but ho does not open tho box j he never haa opened it. Ho is listen ing to a young girl, who leans her pale, lovely face against hia shoulder rb ahe speaka to him in a low voice. "It ia a strange, dark box, Unole Frederiok standing there so grim and blaok between us and the bright sky." The dootor starts. " Are you thinking of tho box, Adrienno?" "I think of it often. I remember the night, five years ago, when it oame to the houfce. I remember that when I, saw it first, standing on your table, my heart sank, I know not why, with a presentiment of impending misfortune. The next night," and her voion Bank to a whispor, " I heard that Malcolm had diaappeared-that he had been robbed-murdered." » Malcolm t Do you still think of him ?" " Oould I forget ?" 11 But Arthur Weston f" " Ah, Arthur Weaton t My dear uncle my dear guardian-I must tell you. Arthur Weaton has aBked me to become hia wife. To-night he ia to havo my answer." " And it will be ?" " Tho box aaya no." " Muat you obey the box?" "It not only commands ine-It impels me. Ever aince it haa beon bore it seemB to Bay to mo: 1 Adricnne, I hold within me the secrets of your future life; I am your destiny, and I am here to watch over you and guard you from evils you know not of, and dangers that you cannot see.' Oh, undo, thia Beams fanciful to >ou, who know the history of the box, but to me it is very real." " Alaa, I know no more of ita history than you. To me it apeaka only of horror, violence and orime. But toll me, does it over say anything elao to you?" " Yea. At timea when I have pondered long over the past it seems to say to me: 1 Hope, Adrienne, hope 1 In good time I will open my lips; the sorrowful shall bo made happy-the dead come baok to life. Hopol'" The doctor drew her closer to him. " My child, the time haa oomo when you muat know what I have never told to anyoce -tho story of how I oame by the box, To night I ao what I never have done-with this key I open the box. I look there for a revelation of terror ond orime. If it have for you any meaaage of hope and love, Heaven grant that you may receive it. Listen," he said; "Five yeara ago I heard that my brother, whom I had not seen for some yeara, had died, leaving you, his only daughter, an orphan, dependent upon my oare. I arranged that you should make my houeo your home, and one evening-five years ago to-night while I was away to fulfil a professional en gagement, you arrived, When I returned you were here, I learned also during ray ubBence young Malcolm Douglua had called upon you with hia friend Arthur Weaton. Theso two young men, you told me, had re tamed from India not long before, where they had made their f)rtunee. I learned also that Malcolm was au accepted lover. " I was once moro called out, and it was late at night wht:n 1 started for homo asjtun on foot. As I plodded on, thinking of the changes which would come from your living among us, and for tho happincBB I hoped for you in the husband I had never seen, I waa recalled to myself by noiaes, lighta and shouting. Looking about me, half dazed, I found myself in tho middle of the street; a oab drawn by two horsea waa bearing down upon me rapidly, The driver, vainly trying to cheok the animals, waa calling to me. I waa bewildered, and stood still till the horsea were almoBt upon me; in an instant I should have been knocked down when 1 waa snatohed to ono side just as the wheels of tho cab grazod my clothing. " I looked up at my reacuer. ^ Hia clothes were torn and muddy, and I distinctly remembered afterwards that staina of-of something red-were on his hands. "' My dear sir, how can I thank you enough for your oourage ?' 1 said, '"It was nothing - nothing at all,' ho replied. 41' But you have saved my life at the risk of your own. Let me at least know who you are, so that I may have tho opportunity of being of UBe to you some time.1 "' If you want to 'servo me, now ia the time,1 he said, Tako thia box, My lifo would be in danger were it found upon me. ." Then I will take it,11 said. " Ho placed the box in my hands, saying: "1 Swear to me that you will never let anyone else get possession of it; that you will never reveal how it eame into your possession, and that you will never open it. I may oall upon you any timo for it; if I have not done bo by five years from to-night I absolve you from your oath; you may open tho box and tell the story of receiving it from me. Bo you swear to do this ?' "'I swear,' "1 Then here is the box and a key. You may see mo again soon, or you may novor see me. Farewell 1' " Whf a I reaohed homo and thought over thia advonture oalmly, it did not take long to eonolude that thero was more of tho comio than tho tragio about it. So I put the box away, and soon all thought of it was driven from my mind by tho startling events whioh had happened at this timo. " Malcolm Douglas had disappeared. He had drawa all his money, amounting to (en thousand pounds, from the bank, and if the sea had swallowed him up ha could not hfcve disappeared more totally, his money with him. As timo went on and nothing waa heard of him, the police took up the matter. Murder and robbery was their theory, and thoy made a few arrests, Nothing oame of them, however, till suspicion fell upon the Hindoo servant, Kara Nin. . A man had been found who had aeen Malcolm that night in a lonely part of tho oity near tho wharves, the man also stated that Malcolm seemed to bo followed by a small dark man-giving a very good description of Kara Nin, But Arthur Weston stepped in and affirmed that Kara Nin had baen with him that night at tho time when Malcolm had been aeen near the wharvea, Thia alibi upset the ease against the servant, and the police gave up the search in despair, and Kara Nin Boon after disappeared. " Thus it seemed that tho disappearance of Malcolm Douglaa waa to be an unsolved mysterv; but it was then that dark visions began to rise up before me, and tho almost forgotten box began to tako on the sinister look it has ever sinoe worn. Tho breathless hurry of the man with tho box, his anxiety to rid himself of the incriminating burden; the very wovda ho used about it j the solemn oaths ho made me tako-nothing oould seem leas comic or insignificant than this, when I oame to think of it, in oonccction with tho disappearance of Maloolm Douglns. I have often started up in tho dead of night and oomo to the box with tho key in my hand, determined to open it and Bee what it con tained ; but my arm has always been Btayed sot by my oath, but by my feeling that the time had not yet oome-that tho aeoret o! the box was nst to bo forccd from it. But I have always felt, nevertheless, that not ft Kara Nin, nor the poliaa, but the box, did have looked within its broast, the secret of the disappearance of Malcolm Donglas. "Andnow the timohaa come; to.night tho five years are passed; X am absolved from my oatli. I have told you the story of the bos, so far as I know it; now I open it, and if it has any eeorets it must give them up." *Tho red aunset had almost faded now, and left the box standing out blackly against the dead grey sky. The girl raised her head and gazed earnestly at the casket, Then she i firoBe. " I will leave you, Unola Frederick," Bbe said, " to open tho hox. I know now what you must have Buffered through all these years with this knowledge, I, too, have suffered ; but to me the box has spoken words of comfcrt and hope; and to-night I feel that its prophesies are soon to be ful filled. I must go now; Arthur Weston is waiting for me." " I fesr hia visit will be short, poor follow 1 But if the box contains anything of import ance, I will tell you, Now that tho time has really come I feel very much agitated; I can hardly bring myself to open the box, But I will try hard to pluok up courage." The dootor lighted a wax taper and set it on tho table next to tho box. Then he took the key, which was fastened to a Bmall orimson ribbon, and put it in the key hole. As he did so a flood of memoriesrushed over him. A shudder passed through the doe. tor's frame ; ho turned the key and slowly lifted the lid. The light was dim ; the doo tor raised his eyes, and looking at the win dow he eaw a sight which at first turned his blood cold. A face woe pressed against the pane ; a faoe that he knew, with bright eyes staring at him inetntly. Before him the doctor saw tho box, open at last; beyond the box, ho Eaw the never forgotten faoe of that night in the street five years before; the faoe of tho man with tho box 1 It was but for a moment that the dootos was paralysed. He sprang to the window, opened it, and assured himself that the faoe was not amero vision, by grasping the body convulsively, With superhuman energy he dragged the man into the room and stood before him with uplifted arms. " At last I at laBt 1" ho cried ; 41 the time haB oome I Whether you are a man or devil yon must yield up to me the secret of Mal colm Douglas I" " I will do so," anawered the man, in a calm, clear voiao, " It is for that that I have oome here. Close the window and sit down, I see you have opened the box. If I had not oome you might have guessed from that the secret of Malcolm Douglas," " 1 knew it I" murmured the doctor, sink ing into a ohair, "I could have sworn that Malcolm Douglaa's fate was known to you and tho box I" "I will make my story short,"continued the man, "To begin at the beginning: Maloolm Douglas and Arthur Weston re turned from India comparatively rich men, They had made their fortunes together, but had divided them before they left India. Tbey passod through Europe on their way home. Their Btay there would have been longer had not Douglas discovered that WeBton was becoming a victim to gambling. He waa muoh alarmed for hia friend and hurried him home. " But it was too late; for one night not long after their arrival here, Weston informed him that he had already lost almost all hie fortune over the gaming table. He followed this with a request for a largo loan. Doug, las went to tho bank and drew out all his money to help his friend; and in doing this ho rushed to hia doom, " What good could a loan do an already ruined man ? The money muBt be his soma how. "When the guilty idea first struck Weston's mind I do not ltnow. Onea there, it grew rapidly, for Weaton had suddenly come to have anothar roason for wishing to have Douglas out of the way-tho hatred of a rival in love. " The resolve oneo formed, an instrument was readily found. A ferooious Hindoo servant, conversant with means of killing unfamiliar to us--ready for greed or for mere bloodthirstinoss to strangle anyone such a person wan Kara Nin ; a tool ready to tho hand of Weston, "There is one circumstance which fastens indubitably upon Weaton the guilt of this crime. When Kara Nin, through some accident, wan observed and euepeoted, he called .upon his maater to perjure himself in order to savo him, And through fear of betrayal Wtrto'n did this, doubtless with in conceivable loathing, for ho had no cause to love Kara Nin." 11 For tho Hindoo had not brought Doug las's money. Weaton thought ho had stolen it; at any rate he followed tho Hindoo with his vengeanoe, and soma time later attemp ted to have him dono away with; thus grati* fyiug a grudge and getting rid of a dangerous accomplice at tho same time. But I believe he failed, and if ao thero will be war between Weston and Kara Nin." "But this is not all," exolaimed the doc tor, aa the man paused, "this is nothing. Who are you, what of tho box, and what really was Maloolm DouglaB'a fate ?" Tho man Bat for a long timo leaning his faoe on hia hand. At last he spoke; " Is your niece here?" "Yes." " Will you take mo to her?" " Dootor Oollamoro rose, and the man followed him into the drawing room, Arthur Weaton waa there with Adrieune. "Why do you tell mo to wait ?" he was saying. " I have waited five yeara, Adri enne. Was I not to have my answer to night 1 At lea&t; give mo a little hopo," The door had opened, and the doctor and the man were standing in the room. Adrienne ro&c; and gave one look at the man. " Maloolm 1" she cried, and threw herself into his arms. Arthur Weston followod her with his eyes, and saw Maloolm Douglas standing in the doorway. Weaton sank to tho floor, and raised hia hand as if to shield himself from a frightful vision. "It is I, myself, Arthur We3ton," said Douglas j " tho bowstring of tho strangler failed for onoe. Tho treasure box is not in Kara's hands, but in this very house, where it has been ever sinoo that night." Westou arose and made a violent effort to appear self-possessed, "Well, Malcolm," ho said, "you can't blame me for thinking you were a ghost, X nover expeoted to see you again," 11 Weston, yon oan Bparo mo the trouble of publicly denouncing you, When I sue oeeded in esoaping from tho strangle?, I waa filled with fear and apprehension. I knew I was not safe whilo he was here, I resolved to go away until it would be safe for me to return. Your false swearing in Kara's behalf showed mo who my real enemiea wore, and I have not returned till I am able to defeat you at all points. Lsavo the country, Arthur Wecton ; nover again return or como near me, and you will be safe, as far aa I am concerned; otherwise you will bo in gaol within an hour," "Weston slunk out of tho room without a word. " My children," said Doctor Oollamore," I don't think I understand all of this yet; but I oan soo that tho man with tho box baa returned, the box has hsen opened, and its ourso at last removed from my sleepless nights." "And I always said, UnoleFrederick,that tho box contained a blessing. Wo have opened it, and I have found Maloolm." ''I am glad you have kept your promise about tho box so well," said Malcolm; " but I am more glad that you have kept Adrienne far me ao safely, in return I will promise that you shall no longer be haunted by tho man with the box." Arthur Weaton Blipped out o! the room quietly enough, But did he see still another faoe pressed against the window pane watoh ing all his movements ? A dark, savago face with glittering eyea and whito teeth that looked as i; they would like to taste blood? Did you see that face, Arthur Weston ? If you did, good-bye to all rest and peaoe of mind for you from this time onfor tho bowstring of the strangler will not fail the second timo, and you know it. You have played with fire, and your day of reckoning ia yet to oomo; and when it does, it will be from the hand of Kara Nin, 