[?] 1 Coaijeaced In theBvBKDHs- N^ws^f Monday, 13th May. J [All Rights Reserved,] CHAPTER LIX. — (CoamiTOED.) So saying the eat-lance-corporal seized th« astonished ex-poacher (who could not comprehend a lover exercising such mag nanimous conduct towards a rival) in almost an affectionate manner by the snoulder, and actually pushed him along until th'ev had arrived at the spat'whfii-eon ? Winny still sat, where Jim1 gaspingly related ! all that Ben Bough ton had just tolA him, and Winny, excited even . to tears, hastened. ; to ratify the promise that her cousin had ; made on her behalf. * | Thereupon Ben, who had never before j ?witnessed' the nobler . side of ordinarily ? poor, weak human nature so strongly de- ; velop'edj ?V5ras almost .'equally a^ec.ted, -andl without any further urging began to relate ; how at The Old Gunboat (a disreputable \ tavern, built of wood, Jn shape exactly like an old-fashioned gunboat, mast and all, and standing in the eentre of a large open space that at that time intervened between the top of Elizabeth-street and the mean and. shabby suburb of Carlton) a eheaareifroni up-covmtry had for the past few days been ' sweating jdown a cheque' (which is the colonial parlance for taking the amount out in drink), and that -when he had drunk, or the landlord said 3ie;had drunk, the full value thereof, he had been turned out neck and crop, raving with the ' horrors,' either to } die or to jrecover, according to whether his constitution was a tough or a weak one, inside an old mine boiler, that, like some vast whale, had been stranded amidst the filth and weeds and winter mud of the patch of bare and open common for years past. How, on the preceding night, Ben had also sought the shelter of the boiler, quite by chance, for his own Testing-place, and had there listened to. the maniac's ravings, concerning how, nearly a year previously, he had seen a man knock down another in the Fitzroy Gardens, and then leave him, and thereupon had noticed the glitter of gold and jewels on the prostrate person, had gone up to him, attempted to rob Mm, and on. the man suddenly recovering con sciousness and grappling witb4iim, lie had struck at him with a-, heavy door-key which he had. picked up in the street to sell for old iron, intending only to stun him again, instead of which the blow had killed him. ' Ben then went on to tell how the fellow had even let out the name of the murdered man in his ravings, and also that of the innocent one who was to be hanged for the crime, and he concluded by saying that he had bound him down inside the boiler, where he would doubtless still be found, for that no one living near The Old Gun boat ever took any notice of a man raving with the horrors, it . was such a common occurrence in that locality, and that no boys or children, ever played on the common because it was said to be haunted by the ghost of a horse thief , who in the old law less days of /the fifties Was lynched from, the branch of the shea-oafc..tree that then stood in its centre. When^Ben had concluded his narrative Winny excitedly reiterated her promise to him, and then added, ' Now let us all go to the house of Mr. Kyte, the magistrate, for he will help us, and his ie just the kind of help that we need.' CHAPTER LX. A itDBDEEEB's CONCESSION INSIDE A RUSTY BOZLEB. = An hour later a car might have been observed dashing at' great speed up Eliza beth-street, and containing besides the driver, Mr. Kyte, Detective Black, Jim Ballinger, Ben Boughtonv, and little Jock Murray^ Winny had been desirous of accom panying the expedition, but her cou∈, bearing in mind that she was only just getting better from a severe mental illness, .would not hear of sugIi a thing, fearing that it might occasion a relapse j and so . she had been left in charge of the worthy magistrate's kindly wife and daughter, until the return of the expedition. Fully half of those who composed it did not believe a w°rd of Ben Boughton's tale, and the other half were fearful that when they reached the old boiler the ' man with the horrors' would either be found dead, and thus useless, or to. have slipped his bonds and bolted. At last the ragged patch of waste land was readied, and there was The Old Gun boat, lying high and dry in the middle of it, with a lantern at her masthead *by way of a guide to those who might be in search of her, and who, in a general way, saw two lamps where only one was hanging j though on the present occasion even that one was little needed, bo redly glowed her portholes -with: the ; lights that burned ,witnlri her hull, and so loud was the din of mingled oath, and jest and song from those who were already ' half seas over,' notwithstanding that the strange craft they had shipped aboard of had never once 'been rocked in the cradle of the deep,'' and indeed would have gone to the bottom of even & tranquil mill-pond within a couple of minutes of her being launched thereon.. ? Once within sight of the goal the occu pants of the car decided on getting down and walking the remainder of the distance, but they told the carman, to remain within hail, aTs they should require his services on the return journey. ^Having issued these directions a inarch -was made .straight on the boiler, which lay juBt where it did when, the author of this tale, .last beheld it, »a Moderately good tetone's-ihrow «,way fieom'The OjLd XJunboat (which in his tivtt$ had been converged into a cheap and nasty cofee-houee), close ^jth^ feerblackenediatump ,-of , :fcb.6 sheapak^ upliaB'handaa.d'iSiiteiy signed to Ms com panions to listen. They did so, and became -Wonce con scious that at all events some living creature tenanted the boiler. v I A moment more and the scuffling noise that it made changed * into a dull, low roar, like the distant murmur of an angry sea. ** He's talking to himself — raving I ex pect. I thought we should be able to hear Ms words from outside, but this darned Hollow thing reverberates so, and his voice ^seems to have got so^weak, that I don't suppose you can cataiua M&gle; one of em, eihP'*- ^°f °° - The duesjibn ~W$-& Pu*?^11^iw P^^k&t; jaixiojas^, b^y Boughton, anjgL 'ggjj^eceiving an airew^c in- the negative framrdftie magis trate'an'fl- the' detectrve, Ben ^^JBaid.^- 'Corii§ then. We must: all ofixs creep inside t$|e cussed thing and 4 oinj company ? ^th.liign. . Better do it, if we can, so that he won^t know at first that we're there — that's to say on our hands and linee*s and in the dark. I've? a bit of tallow candle and a box of matches in my pocket, so that whenever hier worship chooses to say * tight up,' I doeslso acpord^ ing. 'But I've' a notion ' that more light inay be ihxown on tiie.Bub'ject in the dark, doni you see, f or tnoujgh. a maa -vrith. the horrors is in one sense ii'.a fool, he's often a darned/ cunning one, and as suspicious as an:English;^oW;» ... ^V '.^ -J% /V :': Ben's advice; .was ^naught good, and. therefore at once- t^kejij consequently, a minute later the whdle: party had taken off their boots, and were creeping on their hands and knees into the boiler at its only open end;. ' , Detective Biack and Jim BaHinger led the way, then close following them came the. magistrate, and. Ben Bbughton and little Jock brought up the rear. Ben had previously volunteered the infor mation that the delirium tremens stricken Wretch was bound down at quite the other end of the boiler, so that his visitors were not nervous about coming in contact with Mm before ' it was advisable that they should do so, for a full-sized Cornish mine 'boiler is an iminense thing, as large in fact as a -whale, and. capable of. holding half a 'hundred men packed closely to- \ gether. , . Before the invading party had got far in, however, they were bereft of all desire to go any furher by the ravings of the man with the horrors, and the frantic struggle that he seemed to be waging with some imaginary foe or foes. ' Ha, here they come again !' he sud denly shrieked forth. 'Here they come again-^-the black, the blue, the green} and the blood- red devUs^^a victim of delirium tremens1 generally fancies that he sees devils around him]^moping and grinning, and leering and wagging their tails and making pretence to clutch at me and bear me away with, them ! Ha, ha, ha ! but they can't — they daren'tr-^-f or I never mur dered old Sturt. ; Oh, God ! I never meant to kill him, and to make murder there must be murderous intentions. Ah! ye fiends, ye well know tnat,^and so ye daren't touch ine. I only intended to stun the old fool, so that I might rob him the easier. I only meant to stun J him, I tell ye. God! why was the key so heavy, and 'wiiy did I: strike him full on the left temple ? But I did not intend to kill him, all the same.- Keep bact — keep back. I say that I didn^t mean to kill him! Heaven, protect me, they won't keep back. lam lost— I am lost I'* and here the miserable wretch made a futile .effort to repeat the Lord's Prayer. : ... - : . (to be gostedtoeb.) f Commenced in the ETianKiff News -jf Monday, 11th. May.] 