-4--- Look out down Char, I'n about to shoot. S -Yanrkee Poet. IT is many years ago 'sintce I heard, in an old drive in the 'diggings kt Daisy Hill,' a Coinishnian singing this strain: Let ts pause ii life's pleasures, - A :And'count its many tears, Viiile we all sup sorrow with the poor,. There's a song thlit Aill linger .'For ever in our ears; 'Tise" Hard times ! 'Come again no more." 'Tis the.song-th'sigh of the weary, SHard Times I Hard Times I Come agrin no morel - Many diays you have lingered Around our cottage door. :-Oh ! Hard timej I Come again no more. ,.I amiiafraid that the general ordler of our workingmen f--ind that the "Hard times"' which.they fondly hoped would come-again. no more, have really' come to.stay with them, since the fatal strike following' on;ithe land boom :has apparently placed. them helpless in the hands of the capitalisis, organisation. The result of the recent strike," on the surface, has boeo the victory of employers of labour over trades unionism; and, so far ha' I can see, the ,'Trades' Hall Council, by their unwise calling-out of tirades not lute rested directly in the cause of the strike; hds iniade" idto :ia hronic griev a:?poua a.matter,.whitsc.only affected at mnost 200' marine''bfficers:,'. Wh3at are '''th' results ? The'- empiloyers'have made a defensive league.. 'Non-union men, are employed- -and : -many of those who looked upon thei .positions as for life, are now without employ ment, and 'bhard. timne" has come . upon-themonce more, probablyfrom no fault of their own, but from obeying an' orderfrom' the Trades' Council to :" strike" when they iindividually' had nothing.to strike for, as. they were in employment that -gave them good wages. The result has beeih that a sort of paralysispof business has set in, properties are unsaleable at fair prices, trade has been hampered, while money is exceptionally low in the market. Thus capital' has'gainod along stretch on the-labour principles on which the .strike wnas made,..unwisely extended, and now we hear that, as a matter-of course, the strike pay fund has been exhausted. No money is available for those who gave up their employment, :to support .other strikers at the bid ding'of the Trades' Council, while the parties to be benefitted severed their connection .With the strike committee as soon as circumstances would permit, which they should have done at first. It was a mistake to take up the marine officers quarrel to begin. with. It was g reater' to call out .other- branches " of industry, the coal miners, the gas stokers," the lumpers, and worse than all, the shearers. The prayer of the workinginmen of Victoria ought to be in future, "Please let us'alone. 'But for your 'interference, gontlemen of the. Trades' Council, we might hase been saved 'from- the " liard times" which have.come on us once more." I-:t occurs to me .that in dealing with "the Railway and Trim emnploces of Now :South. Wales the astuteo Sir 'Enry Parkis has showni thlat he is " no so daft .as he is deesilish." It will be rememboeed thit sonme time ago a' Mr Itoyle, .piesidnt of the . above Em mployes', Uiion, and, a railway uiais himself,.. whilst£addressing his brother workmien suggested that the Chairman of the Commissioners should be pole. axed; or "something of the sort. The gentleman alluded to, being a new chum, didn't take to the idea with a meek and Christian spirit, and turn the other sido, but rather resented, and turned Hoyle out. Then ructions ensued, mass indignation meetings were called and the whole department turned out en masse::. Resolutions were passed claiming the.right of all employes to a voice in. the manage meiit'aud direction of the railways. This eliim, instead of being~sont to the Commissioners or Miajister, was for. \- warded to Sir 'Enry, and the author of Little froggie on a loggie \- Looking at the big cyedidoggie despite his years has taken a nasty falI out the men who want to ruri the'show. After refusing to re-open the case and reminding them, that the.Miiister of Railways waa the proper persoan to address, the reply of his Secretary adds, "! I: am further 'to remind you that no person when making application for employi~ent in the Railway service has ever:put forth a claim to hlive a voice in the direction or management of the servics he is nikions to'enter; and that fib voice of the kind can be allowed." This logic is exasperating inaismuch as itk is unanswerable. INo.man in the service, however muich right lihehas as a citizen t6 a voice in public affairs, will aver that he either puhlielv made the claim or would male it:until after he felt his'billet secure, and few- would choose to relinquish. thoira position rather than tlieir claims to dictate to their superior..officers. I '.have no symipathyaswthl tyranny or bullying of any sort, but every. fair-minded, man minust admit.:, that there: 'slihould be diascipline oin all branches. Teniyson's .lines:apply' as ?ellTo thb Cisil as to Military service. .-There's not to reason why- .. . Thiir's not to:make reply:. _ Therie's but to do or die,- O( begorra laye! - Our Yankee cousins- have struck ile in thef6rm of a new notiobn as to how to.;eivilize and utilise the turbulent R'ld" Iujunse .who 'oc~asionally arise, and after going through the ghost danice,;'diirt in search- of someone's hairwvith the hide attached.: The'idea, however, 'is an old one, and if acted on,. phould prove as effective as. the ]ilketiiriy cat biz. Jonathani is going to make .:soldiers ofall the red men who .will joii, and .after ? ,having "pr?perly drilled thdm l:ito the wvllite man a mode of destroyiitg "Goid fair image, n them loqse sgasiist their k~i;n The k plhan wIokd. ,ell iii 'the Atrilia coolo?ies, as no morie relent lispfoe:'could be found to (thi poor asbPgine~~ than the inativ~e pilicidslwo revieled "in the '..laughter of their cind.' If a man or liody df ?inezi'have prbhia '?thjbesat way tdodd-with them "is to follow David's dodge iithi Uriah, aiid:put ftlieimi in the front, 'waheni they :can wadi~ight :in and lose their own. Far b~e it ,from yotir truly:tdoe'compare thi. Sco'tish Highlanders ;ith t'he wild ,ired-.evilei but after the 'misfortunes of"Culloden anfln745 theair-_eemb'g Pitt ,graspedl the position;,: and rdbognised 'tatiithe only way:tbo kek th~i'da~iitles, lawiless ejfapti out of mischief was to S1s0i ljio-a id thin them out by kieping them2 bayonettiig Eingland's enemies. Accordingly, like a Hibernian trailing his coat at a fair, work was cut out for them, Highland :regiments were formed, and the world knows how.the scheme worked. When did ever their serried ranks waver ?'History answers, 'Never! for They're aye the foremost in a spree, And when they're in they'll not come out, Though all the world should turn about. But, for all that, ,I would sooner hear ;of the redskin. being .turned. into a ploughman, than a sword-bearer and a acourgo to humanity.. I was shown an envelope the other day, the address on which proved the confused and hazy notions old world people entertain regarding we dwellers at the Antipodes . Thesuperscription was,- ",To the President or- King of Austrailia, Victoria, Melbourne, Aus tralia." The contents of the enclosure were quite as novel and absurd as the address, as they were a remedy for the rabbit .pest, which any colonial five years old boy would kick himself for suggesting; and yet the cool, old country bumpkin calmly claimed the reward of £25,000, and, I suppose, expects to get it.. Some of these fine ;days we shall have a "host of these cusses, such das Geieral Booth.wants, to tip out on oui shorbes, offering for a free passage and a bonus of £500 to come.over and- teacl rusrhow-to suck' eggs. Evidently, in their own bigoted ignorance, they imiagine there isn't a human being in Australia who knows when to go in out of the wet. Here are a few itenis from the English mail news, which go far to show the great inequalities in social position existing in the old world i how the rich are luxuriously, so, and the 'poor driven to death.-" Lord Revel sItoke, head of the house of'Baring fBros., has further retrenched by reducing his Devonshire establishmeht, his retainers (I-o) being dismissed. He has- also. sold his hunters for £20,ooo." Poor fellow!. what a state of want and woe to come to,' when he cannot well afford to keep 20o human beings at one.house to dance attend ance on his own small self, and can no longer, in justice to others, indulge in ,~o,obo worth of horseflesh to carry his pompous piece of dust after the hounds . ... "A family of five persons, who were on the tramp, were found near Cambridge, England, on January and, all frozen to death." Wretched paupers ! what right had they to tramp anyhow, or what title to further exist on God's fair earth ? Rattle their bones over the stones, They are only poor paupers whom nobody owns. There can be no room -in Creation for such when a live lord has to do without his hunters. And yet, some day, the story of Dives and Lazarus will be re-enacted with grim. realism and the poor, starved, frozen fainily warmed at the bosom of divine love, while those who heedlessly lolled in luxury will get their comfort at a warmer place . •' The formation of a bank, under the auspices of the Vatichn, is anuounced, with a capital of one hundred million francs, of which: the Jesuits will sub scribe -half!" .When .the Mleek and Lowly .sent -His disciples -out- He enjoined them to go forth without staff or scrip, and- the youiig man who wished to follo?- Him was told to sell all ihei' had :and give itj to the poor. 'Times howevei, are 'changed, my masters, since then. Bishop Geoe must needs have a £ioo,ooo Cathedral and a silver staffto knock at the door of the Son of Man who had no place whereon to lay His weary head. 5The poor have to part .with their last penny to the pastors and priests and they may lie down in a ditch and die a dog's death, so long as Lord Buggins has his horses and servants, and the clergy can start a bank with one hundred million francs. Truly we live in strange times, but the darkest hour is before the dawning; and surely, surely a brighter dawning is near at hand. 