hews and Notes. The maps of tho Shire of Ynrra- wouga, which we promise I to present our readers some weeks ago, are now to baud, and will be enclosed with next week's issue. Thov have been printed to our special order, the surroundings being on a much smaller scale than many we have seen distri buted, having the advertisements of «SU1>«1 IV" Ut til J iuv11i li;Vlcn|!tfujhu Ull the margin- Intending subscribers should enrol at once, so that they may receive a copy of the map. The annual Athletic Sports will be held at Cobram to-morrow, in Mr J. Hamilton's paddock ndjoiniiiiiig the town. All the arrangements are now complete, and splendid acceptances have been received for each event, while the running track is in splendid order, anil could not be surpassed ; so that a very enjoyable day's sport may be looked forward to. For the com fort of families and pic-nio parties there is an abundance of shade trees, and judging from tho influx of the travelling merry-go-rounds and other amusements into the town during the last day or two. there will lie pleiilr ot amusement on the ground for the youngsters. The enjoyment supplied by the sports committee last year, and the small charge for admission to the ground, will no doubt attract a large attendance, as the sports are now At", .ill ,(H1llliU 1 llSM j ( ULIOII . The first raeo will start at 1 o'clock. The various storekeepers in Cobram have decided to close their establish ments at 1 1 o'clock to-morrow (Fridav) morning for the day. to allow their employees to attend flic athletic sports. Householders should bear this in mind. A concert in aid oF the funds of the Cobram Cricket Club was hold in the Victoria Hall on Saturday evening last, but on account of their being a counter attraction on the same date it was not so grent a success as it would otherwise have been. Misses M'lhvrick ami J. 'J'uck rendered songs, as did also Messrs J. Havocs. ,T. Tuck and J. Walsh, while Miss Praiikerd and Messrs E. Howe an I M. Crouin gave recitations in a very creditable manner. Mr C. Tuck acted as cb.-iir- m in, an 1 Miss Franker Inc.: i n u lie 1 the various singers. Space will nut ncrillit of .-ill Cltond,-. rinort- ,,f ft,. proceedings. Mr fl enrge Xortli announces In our advertising columns that In- «ill sell bv pub'ic auction on Welucsday, March lib, at his- rooms, .Viimiirkaii. on account of Air 1'. Macarthur. that pretty villa residence situated on the tlOth reserve, Cobram. over!. ink ing the Murray, recently erected lo the order of Mr K. H. Macarthur. Mr Stanley Alexander, the I'ublie Works examiner of Xew South Wales, left Cull ram f-w Melbo-ini" th-s morn ing, after being for the pist week collecting evidence at Toi-unm-al an.' Cobram with roi'eren.-e to the rival bridge sites, l'art of the e-.idence adduced will be found elsewhere; the remainder, however, we are comucilcd to hold over until next issue, o.viii" to extreme pressure on our space. Farrall does not sc'l sc.'.vt l-li m I stock, therefore dues not qtt no prices, hut for ouilitv an I clioaou.-sc l,o defies competition.— j \uvr.1 The inmemoiit which is on font t , prevent the eastern portion of (he b'liire of I'arr.iWoiiga obtaining sever- ini-e is meet iog with hearty support. Petitions are being t ikp» round for signatures, an I hi one e .se nearlv 200 signatures b ive been oblainel. an 1 the lists will be forwarded to the Minister in the course of a few davs. With reference to the matter t'lie Iktrratooa /o Chronicle of last Thurs day siys: — "The Cobram pf- oplenro extremely anxious to been no the hub of the universe, an 1 a shire „i their own is the I -.t-st infatuation. I low- ever, after holding a public meeiing to discuss this grand d <i,l.'ritnui tlicv c.uito to the conclusion iliu as tin-V hadn't the ghost of a show to accoui- plish their obj -ct the >,"\t best thing to do would ho to b! n-k Varraicu-iga., or the severance movement in the eastern portion of the shire. Aecnrl- iugly. after Mr Crawford and Cr Kennedy had been put forward to air their views and had given expression to some wil 1, crude ideas, it wus re solved that a petition lie drawn up and circulated fur signatures "pravtug that severance be not granted to the Varrawonga parishes." The eom- mittee appointed to e-rrv out this object consists of Crs T. Kenne-lv and T. Hamilton, mil Messrs Cn vforl, P. I'urcell. II. luck. \\\ . I. Curtis and I)r Kennedy. The petition is to be circulated in the parishes „f Cob ram. Varrowevah. Kaitainatite, Xar- ingaiiingaluok and Boosey." An interesting item eouerrning Cobram and district le.s j-i,t l:,-ei deci led, namely that Cures ami Co., Cobram, have broug it prices so low- that people now have n0 need to go j out nf the district to spend their money; ihev can do better by paving Curtis and Co. a visit. — Advt.i ' 3 1 In connection with the fofiiiatiou oE a new Church of England .Reader's District at Cobram, KatamStite Ac., the venerable iJ. 15. Herring, Arch deacon of JBeechworth, will xmit the district on 'Tuesday, filareh 3rd. A meeting of church members was held on Tues lay evening, to arrange for his reception, and it was decided to hold a coffee social, at which the Archdeacon will give an address. Addresses will also be given by other ministers, and a programme of songs, <fcc., will be presented. Fuller par ticulars will bo given iu our next issuo. The booths in connection with the races to be held at Cobram on the 12th March next, under the auspices of the Cobram Turf Club, will be sold at Xuuiurkah by Alcssrs J. AIcNamara and Co. on Friday, 27 tli February. Full particulars will be found in the advertisement elsewhere, " Compel 'Con is the life of i-.-.ade.' So Curl. a ami Co. think, and as tliev feel qi 'te able to r'.te to the occasion, exiH-c; the public to roll up and prove the truth of the above quotation. — A pvt. Mr J. Mardling, who lias been for the past three months iti charge of the Cobram Post O.fiVo, leaves the town to-day. being relieved by Alisa La wrey, who has been permanently appointed. A clearing s.dc was conducted by Messrs M'Briile, Martin and Co., in conjunction with .1. M'Namarn and Co. yesterday, at Mr J. M'Nabb's property, Cobram. There was a good attendance of buyers, and all lots offered good prices. The farm con sisting of 317 acres of leasehold Ian 1, which was purchased by Mr (i. AI'Nubb, at £7 10 per acre. A meeting of all interested in the movement to obtain severance from the Sliire of Varrawonga will bo held at the Victoria Hotel this evening at S o'clock, to arrange For the transmis sion of the petition to the Minister of Public Works. 