FOUR NEW YORK LETTER. " ." [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.'] ! The Presbyterian Council to consider the trial of the Rev. Charles A. Briggs for heresy, met at the old Scotch Church, and after much consideration, at a great, deal of which was on the north side, of friendly, arrived at the conclusion that, in the discussion was likely to be heated, they had better postpone it till November, when the excitement of the election was over, and there was a probability of the thermometer reaching 30 degrees. One of the reliable newspapers here, in giving a report of proceedings, stated that Dr. Booth called Professor Clark alias. s Dr. Booth rose to a question of privilege and declared that he had never said anything of the kind ; what he did say was, that Professor Clark had not told the truth ; so it ap- pears then, that 'he wished him to be considered a liar in a Pick- wickham sense. Professor Clark are cepted his reverend brother's explana- tion, but he seemed to have an utter cou-, tempt for his logic. Professor Briggs addressed the Council,,and,was listened to with that; attention, but from the whispers heard on cver.y side there is no more doubt of his conviction than that the sun, shines. - But Union Theological Seminary stands back of her recalcitrant son like a wall of steel and endorses his famous pronunciamento not- withstanding the protest of the Pan Council and the Westminister Confes- sion; ' Since first this question was agitated,' things have taken rather a queer; turn, and it is safe to say if the matter, were left entirely to the clergy, the whole thing would be allowed to drop out of sight, and Doctor Briggs would never be tried, but the balance of power is in the hands of the lay delegates, and they to a man are in favour of pushing Doctor Briggs to the wall. Biblical scholars in the Presbyterian Church and out of it have long been aware of errors and in consistencies that have been engi af ted in the sacred book by imperfect translation and still more imperfect human execution, which led by the common consent of the Evangelical churches to a scholastic examination and correc- tion of what was known as King James' Bible, a number of years ago. And some of the ablest Bible scholars of the age were engaged in the work, but to this day it has never met, in the church or out of it a general acceptance. ' As'T' moved about among the delegates and heard their expressions of opinion, I could not keep from thinking of Tom, Hood's immortal lines : Alas for the rarity Of Christian charity. Two reverend brothers from the in- terror) of the State were conversing together in a very excited manner One whose face was clean shaven, of long lank visage, with jaws as hard as steel, said, "Brother B, we don't want any atheists or infidels in the Presbyterian church ; let him get out where he belongs, and if he don't, we'll drive him out " " That's the talk," replied Brother B, shaking his friend warmly by the hand, "I'm with you every time." With such a spirit as this it is evident that the fight will be to the death. It is fortunate for 'Professor; Briggs that he lives in New York and in the Nineteenth Century, or he might share the fate of Services in Geneva of John Huss in the market-place of Constance. ¡ Not the least important meeting of the week was the Womens' Christian Temperance Union, at the Broadway. ' Tabernacle. A very intelligent, hard- working and determined body of tender perance apostles were they, and the dram-drinkers will have took out when they are armed with the ballot. There were committees on everything, and the ten-minute rule was sternly enforced, so that the speakers had but brief time to air their eloquence. The secretary had a watch on the table before her and kept her hand on the bell,","and"\vhen the matrix struck the ten-minute limit down came the bell. When a fat lady from one of the upper countries was suddenly cut off by the bell, a spinster in" the back of the hall sañg'(l6ut "Chestnuts!" This irreverent remark' nearly..upset,tho convention, audit' was some minutes before they could proceed. i ? li One of the most alarming reports was from the committee on tobacco, and if the report be true the terrible cigarette is not solely confined to dudes and naughty boys, but that the girls take stolen whiffs Behind the door. There is one comfort about this miserable indulgence, if it is true. It is a vice that cannot be indulged in secret, for if the cigarettes they smoke are anything like those in use here you can smell them a block off, and no self respecting young man would ever think of keeping company with a girl who would make herself such a public nuisance. ' " ' Notwithstanding the report of the Women's Christian Temperance Union I hope it is not true at least of those whom we consider good girls for the other kind of girl I am not quite sure but a little smoke and a little fire might purify them, but I leave that matter with the Union. Just before they adjourned they sent' their congratulations to Mrs. Cleve- land on the late addition to her family. When the question was put it was carried with a unanimous aye, and the resolutions were formulated and sent up by special messenger. But it was in maintaining a headquarters at New York that they showed the stuff that they were made of The sum involved for rent was only between three and four hundred dollars, and some sister from away back, on the score of economy, proposed to closed the headquarters in New York. Then the fun began. The president left the chair and took the floor, and in a speech of burning eloquence protested against it. Several took the other side, when a little weak sister rose in her place and said her _ county would give 25deg. towards it. Then like an avalanche came offers of assistance from every side, and when a motion was put to pay off' the debt the money still rolled in until eight thousand dollars were raised on the spot. It was one of the most orderly, best conducted assemblies ever held in the city, and reflected unbounded honour on woman's work. A funny case came up in the courts this week which. I believe, has few parallels in our calendar. Paul Katz, a German, aged 27 years, fell desperately in love with Miss Nettle Lehnelson, who owns up to 33. In regard to the lady I can only say she looks every day of it. They had been courting a year before Mr. Katz could summon courage enough to pop the question, but on December 2 he put on his best Sunday suit and called on his sweetheart and asked her to accompany him to the City Hall, there and then to be coiueoTMrs.. Katz. Both the parties' were Hebrews, and Miss Lehnelson, who was a. stranger to our institute tions, thought it was only a kind of preliminary engagement, as there was no Rabbi in sight, and when Alderman McCarty and her if she would take Paul Katz for better or worse, she readily exclaimed, "Yaw void." So the alderman pronounced them man and wife. Then they parted, and each went home as if nothing had happened. In a little while, however, Paul called on his. Nettle to fulfil her part of the contract and be his frau, but as Nettle had never been to the Rabbi she did, not consider herself married at all. In the nick of time she had another admirer, who had been a playmate of Paul Katz in Germany, and he told Nettle that Paul had a glass eye. This discovery acted like an explosion of dynamite. She did not mind marrying a bully boy, but she didn't want a " bully boy with a glass eye !" So she immediately broke the engagement.) Paul has now appealed to the court for a divorce, which there is no doubt Jie, will'get.,¡But the moral of this story, to all future lovers is, "Mindy^uiye^ey Sir J. À.ni di Ju i But while Presbyterians, Methodists, and Temperance people have been unusually active politics have not been forgotten, and every Republican thinks that the Hon. J. Sloat Mussett is going to have a walkover. The Demo- i cratic meeting at the Cooper Institute on Thursday evening last, while it brought Bill factions of the Democracy together, was eminently a County Democracy endorsement of the State ticket, and the make-up of the meeting gave cold comfort to the Republicans, who were looking for a break in the ranks of the terrified. Maurice J. Power beamed bonignantly on Richard Croker's ablest lieutenants, and some of the staunchest supporters of Tammany declared that there really never was any substantial difference between Tammany and the Counties which should keep them apart on election day.'. , , i . But the most assuring feature of the meeting' and the one most pregnant' with results, was the appearance on the same platform of Ex-President Grover CJo^eJjtiidiind-Govenior-David J. Hill fchotwoopposingcandidntes'forthePrcsi doney in 1892, whose claims threaten' to split the democracy of the State of New York, which, if persisted in, may lose its 36 electoral votes to the Democratic party. For the nonce, you could not have told whether it was a County' or a Tammany meeting. Grover Cleve- land, who presided, received a tremendous ovation, said Governor Hill, who made the speech of the night, was evidently in the home of his friends. His speech was a terrific arraignment of the Republican candidate, Mr. Fassett, of Mr. Platt, and the Republican Party, and was received with cheers that shook the house. But the audience that packed every nook and corner of the Cooper Institute great hall, was only a small portion of the crowd that came out to see ex-President Cleveland and to hear Governor Hill. There were acres and acres of Democrats that crowded Astor Place and up and down, the Bowery for blocks. The vast crowd surged and seethed like the waves of an angry sea, and when they hurrahed the very earth seemed to tremble. The meeting was a great success, and seemed to justify the remark made by Judge Power, "If the County Democracy is dead, this is a-lively ghost." Both' parties are on their mettle, and things' are just booming. I Politics have taken a strange turn faith ourmeighbours over in Brooklyn, which for the time being at least, threatens to end the political career of a very promising young statesman Mr. Chapin, the present Mayor. Only four weeks ago a delegation of 500 Democrats good and true, at an expense of over 12.000 dol., went to the Conven- tion at Saratoga to nominate Mr. Chapin for Governor j but Mr. Flower, got the prize and Mr. Chapin got left. On his return to Brooklyn no was anxious to get a renomination for the office of Mayor, when the local leaders suddenly discovered that his connection with the so-called water steal had so damaged his chances that he might impair the safety of the State ticket, so they threw him overboard, bag and baggage. But it is funny, very funny ; the very men who were backing him with their dollars as a candidate for Governor, go back on him for the office of Mayor. Well, politics is politics, and that is all there is of it. > j ========== 