S CRAPS Blr Bog. Who is going to win the Gardner Cup now? What price red and black now? They were great boys on Saturday. They went on the ground with a determination to..win,. tand manintaning the. same' eirit .thnroughout the match 'carried 'eidevy'?liting before them and never gave Jtameson a .'ghost of a show. ' Aind yet they nlos .the' nservices of two of'thlt;inlt players through iasccidents.' But Captain . Parson, hadl a Sdogged teant, iuid'. one could not fiail to be proud of the tiger-like manner in which " the DJobhsons, Mansfqrtih, :and Charlie Ireland worked in the.ruck. But every nian'in the team pifornee splendidly, and each es ehn titled to equal credit with the other., IGo Smuld ,do" likewiselbuys at Mansfield You are improving rapidly, and will be champions ofL the district mefore the season is over.. ," .1 am glad that! the hatch passed off in o * friendly and good-tempered a dimnner., lt', ,wars'ansplendidly played game although ,Alexandri ihad :encrally the ticet of it, and n?btwithvtanriin'tthe iqltlastie remarks of some .Tamlenlski scrib?whlo ,professed to be able to lborrow , ti and stated hil willing rnesis ot back tthevisitors for the sum named .toi ;'ollop" .our boys at anything, the Jamngsmn ,, players behaved well, and, of courseoonstoys.weregood humoured'through out, as they' should Be on or ilf the field. Butt let no ole think they are to b'i ;S'at on' forrs;i moment' "I could no4t help ad miring the'play :f Clris. Olee'sn. Ie.was A'perfeet study of indomitiable perservance and 'Work, iin was atly.lackrd ep by Peter p.h?i~jl ones tnd by .his brlthers.': The labers of these men deserved 'vietory though they didnot obtain . . ' 'ollcte ors Egrptian ' antiquitied '.will ][rn with, dismay that a" 'iegitlnaL anu facturer of mummies has been discovered at Alexandria.' This ingenious person' made his mummies out of asses 'skins, which were' prepared af er a pemnliar methitd of' lib own invention. He lhad sold such large numnt'rs of the ancient Kings of J:gypt that he latterly found it expedient to descrilbe them at the. remains of the Egyptian High Priests; hbit tile dodge ultimately led to his detection. His matiufactured Pharaohs have entirely deceived a vast nutber ',f collectors of antiquities, ad.it is believed that nearly all Sthe ysIutntiee which have leen brought away from lgypi during'the last few years have be.? ~snprious articles. "I do not, however, pity" those: who hare been deceived, for betrders a-dead Io'a and a dead ass the d? iffereee is nil Althoghi Privrtea Cookson and lnrray have not nec,?mel priwes, their work at the late military tattisament in L.on.don drea them infinite credit. They certainly have not had the honor: of having their nmanes cabled as winnera, but the London papers speak in high revels of both men'sperfom. anceh Referring to the tournament, the 'London "Stannladnt'.of May tthe 27th, says: -"e'everul of thie Australian eontingeat Show "reat skill. Private Murray, of the Victorian Moumted : Rifles, suceedeild in scoring 5 points out of 0l in the heads and posts practise, with jump at 'the end, but went'at too poor a pace " In theend Murray was 'heten by Sergeant Keen, of the Bucks Yeottiasry, with 0 points. Then again, cominontmg on the tent pigging done that day,' th? same jcurndl says:-" An Aus tralian, 'rte ,tc Cookon, care next. having made a st'rke at his' first essay ani taken his peg in the second in such a clover fashion as to eht4 Bight joints. In the ties hboith Cookison and Murray have been very unfortunate.. I hlvo the official prograrpme of Friday, May 29th before me,' and I find Cookson running off ties for placsi in tent pegging, and the riding and jmnping competition, in the lattei of'whieht he was ene.of the first batch of winners ."Privat Murray also figores in the same printed list' in this. competition, so that our boys' have not done so hud after all, Iut tlhey have been unlucky. Thl'y mitst' have tseei having. some pretty hard work, as I. notic? by the. catalognd that the comnetitions cqgmnepco' each iday t'2 o'clockl and closed pt.lpo'lock each night. In" fldition'to the contests, int whicl the boyal~s ere engaged, thol?Viotnrian team had to give two " displays' each ilay,' and as a matter of fact, they were'-kept" at work from t o'clock a.m. to 10 o'clock pjm.m each day, sit that after the novelty haed worn' offit was not to ble wondered' at that lidoy were glad when the Week wdas'ovi' They. sail for home next week. Talking to it friend the nth" dt'ny tc "the question of better' factories, the llatter 'was inclined to' think',that tlheereetion of these inddstries would he overdone, as' the con. wtmptlon would ngt be equal to the supply. ' laughed inwardly at the charming sim; p'lety conccerring the teeming.millions of oreis ueis in the world. as my friend evi dently jndgid by Victoria. hint tnrcins'to another n.pect. of the case, I take the follow in from' :: loading English pnper:-"Lnst. week' there were over elehteen' thousand hlundred-weitcht of margarine brought Into this country (Fn'l oil) form abrot:l, sh?lning enls esmatl f.llin-r.nff s rompar.el with tin earresponnýing we,*k IrP yoar. Thie iluan titynf ftreen uorgorine. if soid ah butter, would 'Psipply trhh It onjihtion . of; 'T.ndon for nie' 'week." lincv, ;i ghtt'rn 'thone. and , h'undelrl-n,' iught of. buttor . to. su?) ply ,one, city unnl 'in Eor re ' for a week. It will riot fallt ti .he pren-cit or sicceeediner gener itions of colonhsts to wittiis' the stuaply of goet t iutter rnedrIg tietly'eitand if the export trade is opened up ipropitly: 