NOVELIST. Ify Lady's Revenge. By E. GARRItSON JONES. CIIAPTEII XX[.-(CozONTINED ) " Bees, little love, wake up," cries St. Aubyn. a tremor in his voice. i3ae stirs and half opensher tired eyes, and murmurs again : •'lidmond, I am so glad you have come. I am so tired a d lonely, and I've wanted yu so. You won't leave me all by myself in the dark and cold, will you !" " No, no, dearest love," responds her hus. ban., catching her w rds, but not the name of lt,dimond-" no, I will never leave you again. "Come; we are going away from this dreary old place, back to London. Come, my darling." lie kisses her eyes till they open wide and look at him with a bewildered, feverish stare. At last she knows him, and she struggles up from his arms with an involuntary sigh and a look of sad regret. '" 1 was dreaming, I think," abe says, in an embarrassed way, " and talking at random." I tried Is keep awake for you, but I got so tired. Srzall we retire now ?" ltcxa, Ltd. l Icc, u:ýI c ujl." r-l11r St. SubyIlJ. t...... in his . oice. "No, Bess. Get up and put your wraps on. We are going to London to-night. i'veo. had news from there which necessitates my. immediate return, and I know you've had: enough of this old ghost-nest." Sae opens her eyes in a startled way, for' the little clock on the mantel points to the' midnuight hour, and she hears the wild wiods' rioting amid the turrets, and thel sea; thundering on the sands below; but she rises and obeys him withoutsa word. In half an hour they are ready, the car riage drawn up before the stone steps, the luggage all ready to follow. St. Aubyn hands his wife in, and leaps into the carriage after her. "Seymour," he calls out, in a ringing voice that all the servants hear, "shut and lock up the old place, and follow me, all of you, with as little delay as possible." -The servants huddle together in the windy darkness, a few glad to get away from the dismal old Lodge. Old Seymour shortly after this locks the heavy door, and comes down the stone steps with a look of terror in his eyes; but he dare not disobey his master. liHe joins hid fellow servants, and ii an .hour tie,whole party is 'gone, and Aber dndno Lodge is left to silence, and gloom, and death. SLwrd St. Aubyn is in London, and in his magnficent town house, on the following, ought. But he cannot remain-in anycone place; he has been out and in at least a doz'n times during the afternoon. ".. What is it, dear?" asks Bes;, fromn her \- -couch before- the grat. "'Whiat makes you so restless ?" He looks at her with a sharp, suspicious i glance, but her tender eyes are eonly full of -.rlrous lovid.) - e • ? C . "I'm not well, BeEs," he replies,'" and I'm t2 roubled .ab6ut i :oiei huboiness matters- things youcaennot-understand, little one. I cannot imagine why," he goes on, with a great tffrt, "my solicitor:and air. R ith'well don't come; they were to meet me to-nigh,. i have sent to Vant's oflice and to Mr. Roth well'sroainis, but they are not to be found. ]towever,'l euppose it's all right." " HI[e risee and begins to pace theroom, turns .to the window, and looks out into the black night. *" Dess, my dear." he says, suddetly, " you must go to bed. II ring for Mason, who will sic with you to-night. I amn going out, and I may not return till to morrow." '.Yea, dear," says submissive BIes. " Sac rises, receives his patiing kiss, and is ready to accompany sonI, , vwho enters a inoment after to conduct her to her room. St. Aubyn takes his hat, st:als through the hall, .nd out at the street door with stealthy steps, and vanishesin the gloom of the windy sNovember night. In a shiort time he reappears again, but in a low, da:tk street in the neighborhood of Blecklriars Bridge. There is a small shop in that locality where cast-off garments, false wigs. and other such disguises are sold. This low den he enters, muffled to the chin by his coat-collar, and with his elouch hat pulled low over his eyes. He strikes a speedy bargain with the ..ancient Israelite who stands behind the counter for a rough suit of sailor's garments, a hat to correspond, and a red wig and beard. " My lord pays the money down, goes into a room and changes his clothes, having his own placed in a cheap bag which he pur aa' es. In thin iuicr, niltb hie icrgh rcd onstd ircttamirg in fl-e wird, ft. Aub; n gces fcrth. hails a cab, drivca to the tximinus, gt intio a train, and travele o?rlhword. Another wild night. The thunder of the surf in :Cardigan Bay is like the bo0mipg of a battle.-- Over Aberdudro, peelhcd upon the black, wind- lashed cliff, the darkness and silence"fI the grave itself broods. A drearier, ghoatlier place than this old Lodge i?hld not well hae imagined; yet now; at this-hour of the night, the figureiof a bumau'creature erouchee along through the thick darkneea of the ruined mosat in front:of the lowbr entrance. Hoe mkes his way along, groping, stumbl ing, till he reaches a sort of walled court which leads into the main eqtrance . Fofr a minute fire minds(i irr-ItIL. a tremor in hisi limb;~, anti then hIe >tarts on maC~in, rasping : u he goes: " 1 nntet know, or I shall go ma11d I"I T'1 door is ajar,.and he goes in, and on ward, tillihe comes to a door all barred and studded with great iron naile-the door that leads down to the ruined.dungeon vaults below. SIle takes a key from his breast, and, after some trouble, turns it in thd lock with a rasping noise. The door swingsopen-he enters and closes it after him. lie stands a momenitin the gloom, his teeth chattering in his head ; then he strikes a light, and pro. duces a small lantern from "a pocket in his capacious garments. Tho pale light sheds a lurid-glaro on the black, reeking walls, and on thobman's dis. tended eyes and death-white face. For a minute he stands irresolute, a tremor in his limbs, and then he starts on again, gasping as he goes : "I must know,or I shall go mad." lie gropes down a long, damp corridor, the wet stones clinging to his feet, noisome things hurtling across his face, his breathing short and hurried in the cleoe, choking air. But on he goes, th' blue fire flickering in his eyes, his lips Ect hard and firni beeaten his rough red beard. lie reaches a second door at last, at the end of the corridor, and pauses to open it. lBut befoire'is band touches the lock it agings back on its rust.y hinges, a step rings dully on the mouldy flags, and a human face looks out upon him from the darkness beyond. He bounds back, with a suppresed cry of horror, and lets his lantern fall. The face emerges, and with it a human figure and an other lantern. . St. Aubyn stands aghast, his red wig and board displaced, staring wildly at this in truder, whoever he may be. "For mercy's sake, my dear young master, is it you ?" The voice brings St. Aubyn to his senses, .and he recognises his servant, old Seymour. -With the recognition, all his courage and do termination return, and he gralibles the old man by the throat-with a fierce oath. - - " liat are you doinglghire ?" hoaske . "Oh,'master have mercy 1" h?implores. "I sow'it all-all that was done in the black drawing room--and came back to see if they were dead But,?usater, thanks be to Heaven, they are both alive." S"Asliv?" I St. Aubyn recoiled as it an adder had struck him. 2 " Alivel" continued the faithful old man, catching' S. Aubin's hands,, and holding them fast, whi!o tears rained .over his wrinktcd checks. "Alive, both ofihbem, and your soul is saved from the awful crime of murder." tr But S. Aubyn flings him off with another bitter outh. " ý' "1Ma1itr. I had: to save you ;i'I couldo't help it. Forgive--your poor old servant. Something told me'to come back, and I found. them both alive--iiiab' d hnd st.ffering, but .alive-for Eomethtin bad broke their fall. Master, I.have brought food and water,i and gave it-to themithrough the bars of the grated door; and they are alive, and in their senses. Ob, my master, I hiivesaved you, from murder 1" " SAt last the man's faithful devotion seems to touch St. Aubyn; the fire in his blue eyes softens:. " Well, I don't knoi but I'm glad myself," be says, in a gasping, breathless way. " Murder's an awlul thing. It went against my nature- but they forced me. It is more their fault than mine, And now," he bursts out, struck by a sudden sense of his position -" what am I to do now?" "Maiter," suggests the old man, meekly, " there's but one way to get out of all this trouble.. Go with mo to the old xault below there, and let us get the poor men out." "What " storms St. Aubyn. "Do you want to see me hang? Do you think they are fools enough to walk out at my. bidding, and then., keep their mouths shut? They forced me to do what I've done, and there's no turning back now." " No,master; it is never too late to undo a wrong," suggests the old man. " Seymour, what is done cannot be un Sdone; and I knuwx; you'll keep my secret," lei.. ciTýýIi, eais S.. Auhyn. "C1ome, my lfathful o01 friend; we w:-ill lock up these black vaultr and return Io London, and "- ,[ Maoter, I cilnot. I havno reicd you faithfully all my life long, and I would be willing to die now if it would free you from all this; but I cannot leave two fellow creatures to die a lingering death in that black fault." ' What will you do, then ? lbetray me I" storms St. Aubyn. " No, master, I shall never betray you no matter what you do." "Come away, then; this foul air is choking me." HIe grasp!ed the old man's arm to lend him away. but Seymour went down on his knees, resisting all his rfforts. " No, runster, I can't go I" " Then I'll have your life, too 1" "You may take it, and welcome, master I would much rather be rid of it now." Sit;Aubin'pat his h?nd to his breast, elhirc he br.d a' drcdly weapon concealed, ui ld'eiG i??I gaeclkiidin6inIoet instantly.., .?'I,wopuld 'as pocnstrifen my own mother," he muttered, "if't ?ad one. I cannot do it. But, Seymcr,"'he" added, with passionate iminstocecte' if you'ever loved me, do not betray me now-in the very hour of my triumph too. Tie' imen in there "-pointing with a Ehtdder.towards the vaults beyond "have me.wholly in their r- er.; their free dom,would insure my shame and ruin. Sed-, mour, you would not save them and sacrificen me, would you " "No. master," slowly and earnestly, "I couldn't do that." '" Then there's nothing else you can: dof Siaymour,-bet to come away with me." Suddenly the old macu'd faco brightened, as he turned it towards the master ho loved so well. " I'll :tell you what I can do," he cried; 'tI can stay here arid kcdp watch on them; Let them live, but beep themprisonere. That will make you safe, master. You know you. can .trust me. Letlme do that, and it will save your soul from murder." : The handsome peerstood irresolute. Even' in his peril he was conscious of a curious: thrill of satisfaction on hearing that his. victims were yet alive.' 'IHe did not care .to have his happy, luxurious life haunted by, a ghostly remembrance of mnrder' ifit could reasonably be avoided; and in' his weakness, and irresolution, and sense of guiltehe caught desperately at old Seymour's suggestion. "But how could you', manage it? You' -would be discovered," ho said. " Nod master; no-one ever comes to this ilaeE:' Givo me a h'liLYfo money, anc leave me herd to'take charg'orf the old place, that's all." St. Aubyn drew out his'pure and put it in the old man's hand. " arve it your own way, then." he said, drawing a deep breath of relief-" for a time, at least.- When you tire of your task, all you have to do is to shut up the old place and take your deparlure. 1 need not caution you to be careful; I`know I can trust you, Sey mour. Good-bye." They parted at the great studded iron door, and St. Aubyn, readjusting his disguise, made his way out into the blustering night with a sense of relief,' as if the dread horror of his crime had been lifted from him; and in the' lurid gloom of the dark and dismal donjon; poor faithful old Seymour began his self.imposed vigil. CHAPTER XXII. •Lc .,rose.cin - re. LIbY CSSANIrA. - In a darkened chamber, on a low couch beneath the easement, Si. Aebyli's wife lay, 'and in' a little crib, all 'canopied frithl silks and laces, and quite near at hand, elept her babe-Lord: St. Aubyn's four mcntbhs- old heir. Since the hour of her child's birth, poor little Bess had never rallied. She tried hard enough-obliging, obedient esoul that ;she wasne-to. hearken to her husband's advice, and roise herself. Whenever'eho he lard his tcep on the stairs' she w0ould Etrun-gle up from her pillows, and push back her flossy hair from her thin, white face, and totter across the room to her great easy-chair ;'and when he came in, and said, "That's right, little mother; I'm glad to see you sitting up. You feel better and stronger to-day, don't you?",.Bess would look up at him and amile, and answer," Yes,'love, I think I do." But the moment he was gone she would creep back -to the coich, her hears in a -olutter,htr lips like ashes, and lie down, with a feeble sigh, and bieg the nurse to move baby near, es she might touch his little pink hand, and lock at his prettyasleeping face. She was soc ;hildiohly fond. of the baby, poor Bes--eo tenderly obedient to her husband, now that he was. her baby's fA'iO thus imatters,,,wet , ntilD . Latimer made free to speak his mind.Ti'here had been numberless medical men called in since baby's birth, but Bess had derived no reliet from their treatment. . . The-old doctor looked at her white face tlat inorning, and took her eldnder wrist in his fingers. "Hfeow are you this morning, my lady ?,' he asked. " Any stronger at all?". "I'm afraid- not, doctor,'' she answered,' sadly; "' and I. would like to get strong and: well again for baby's sake.'. , .So ynu shall," said.the old man, curtly; and he turned on his. heel and went out to Si: Aubyn'e private room. " Wrell, doctor, how about your:patient .Better this morning, isn't elie?' ' No, iny lord'; and tliat's not th:worst' f it. .She'll oever be any.better .unles you 'follow my advice." . " Why, doctor, for TIeaven'di ake,"' cried the young husband, "tell me lwht I am to do ?" "I told, you, miy lord, a month ago, but you would not heed me." I see no chance of life unless you giveq hera ,change of air,a long ,ecavoyage, a year -or two amid the. Sauth Sea islands, or somed hango of that sort. .She may die even 'then ; but keep here here and you will have her to bury before the' winter- sets in.'" , - -St. Aubyn threw down his book, and rose to his feet. with a very grave and anxious face. That little meek, frail wife, the mother of his infant heir, was very dear to him; the bhare thought of losing her filled him with sadness.: But what was he to do? flow could he leave England at that time ? IIe was only just beginning to feel sure of his position--sure that no idle rumor would start up against his fair name, no grasping, usurping hand wrest his honors from hiim. That old rumor of the dying nun and her confetsiou was gone and forgotten, and so was Treherno \Vant, the little, rusty lawyer w;ho died somewhere abroad-at Paris, it was generally believed. But the world \s? not co easily s:titlieed in renard to the mysterious dis a,::earal.cac of Mr. lthwercll, tlhe ironmastter. (Q ito a stir and commotion had becen rait.d on his haccount, anrd I.i wife lhind of f-t-id .reat rt v:rd' for fe y r Ir owled l; (Tr ines i reti rd ti. h ii, liBut none carne, and at t:tr eti'a hL rtd btitdr tlt,)OtrtreoiliCewhere downt the ii'r "l"aw-','t, whicth n:twertcd pretty fairly in tih de!e'ription of t!e mit etfn' tettt rtin'o, and at tthe e'iroiter's inqulCt it was gebt raily agreed that it wtrs he, ani thati. he lhadt boen unflairly dcolt by. Not so with his pitort broken-hecarted wife. she retjrCittl the whole t hin:g, acl tefused to idenitily thei dirc.,h red bo-y fotnrd amid the turiy tt. N I 'ione heet i:,rcd Iher. howerr, Ior cite ,au? oly a eoor, fe:ble soul, who li,-re tie ttt. I of h:i bing weak'-minded, nnd ehe Clt hler Ihnlon lodhiing;, rnd went home to Sth.i,,rdshteire, her hueroand'j place of reil doneC:,, oamid tihe ironi dietricLt. She, too, tand !her great trouble were in title forgtttt. aol n o so was hier lhuibatlld' mystcrious anid intimoily end. 'hre Lird o! Ni:eernois Ceurt and IMarquit, of it. Auhtn lni:ted on mnesunlhie, well pleased, and coltforttbly renesrted--n tand Eome, noble, honorable peer, clear of all cus picionr, all elshadow of guilt. Ife encouraged himtselwiith thle assurance lsthat the danger was over. lie should never !one the iname end heritage he prilzed Eo dearly. They wer bhis own, and his infet eren's for tihe;r time. Yet in the grave-like vaultsi of the old Cardignshlire hccouse that hideous skeleton erstill lived, and poor, devoted old Soyn:o-r, growing grey with ego and hiorror, k-pt watlch at the grated door-a faithful warder, kindi and tender of heart to his poor lipri eonert, but trie as steel to his young master. Almost a year had gone by, rand yet ino chanoge had come. Seymour bad not nince tmade his eppearance in London. The pc-or old man sbrank from the feces of hit fellowr Smen as if ho were a criminal. Only cecl ionially in long intervals, when ab.oluto nece.ity forced him, he crept down to the nearest little town, under shadow ef night, and purchased the focr he needed. A p?eSsnt woman supplied him with fresh milk, and the village baker with bread-quite a large quantity, too, they thought, for one old man; but no he paid money down, no comments were made. And thus old RSymour lived, eitting in the sunshinei,with his grey head bowed upon his hands, and knceling on the cold stones at night for hours. etggiing liaven to pardon him for the wrong lie dare not rilght. Only once, in the darkncEa oi a ciumer night, St. Anbyn had visited this ancient hluntel place. Tile old warder saw him coming, or hiard his horse's hoofs on the sandy road below, and was in waiting at the arched stone entrance nwhen he arrived. 'The two clasped handa under the bright summer etar. S""Poor faithful old Seymour I Well; how is it "' 8t; Aubyn asked. "The erne, my, master-both alive." 'Then a dead silence reigned. The old man stood with drdoping head and shalking knees; ibe young, one pazed; through.the night at tile great gray pile risine darkly on the sum mit of tlhe sea washed cliff. '" Mister," faltered oldd Seymour at last howl'ong must this goo " o?' . '"Yon .may end it this hour, Saymour," replied St. Aubyn, with a' certain hardened ring in his voice,"if you choose. According to my idea, it lias gbno on too long already. 'Aro'the' doors all faet' 1-You shall go to Lrndon with me, and Aberdudno Lodge may fall into ruinp."! : - , SBut the old man drew hack. ' "No, my loid ift I am to end it that way, it must go on still." , , St. 'Aubyn stood 'an instant, 'his brows kT'ni, liairhandeiamo' fa'loooBing: up lit the bright stars, in deep thought. He'would be to glad to know that the sileica of death had cnded all; bdt he is a 'coward at heart, and ebivers at the very sight of the black doors that shut his victlim in. What can he do? Nothing, dnly let Seymour hlave his way for the presccnt'. e turnesland drawn out a heavy purse. .: " Iere's money "-pressing it into the old man's hand. "Have your way,ifyou must; but, Seymour, for mercy's sake don't fail me howl" "No, master." The faithful old servant goes mournfully back to his post,' while his young lord niounts the horse h has hired to bring him to the Lidge, where his journey by rail from'London caine to an end, and gallops away. SThus affairs stand. But how dare Lord St. Aubyn leave England and his secret? Who can tell what the result might be ? And yet the life of his wife. the one being in the universe that his selfish heart loves, is at stake. He is in an agony of irresolution. ".Good gracious, doctor,"le burets out one morning, " what can I do 2" , I have told you, my lord-takeyour wife away," responds the old man, coolly. i "But I can't leave'England." There are circumstances-business matters I mean that force me to remain at home." SThe doctor eyes him curiously, a trifle amnzed at his egitatcd face and manner. ; "Well," he eays,quietly, " you had bettr send her, then, my lord,-under other care. It is the only chance for her life;andthat, after all, but a slight oce." * ! St. Aubyn drops his 'head forward, and groans in agony. " If I had some good friend going abroad I' he murmurs. The doctor catches the words, and starts to his feet. " I have it, my lord I" he cries;. "Why couldn't I remember it before'l 'Why, Sir John Rutledge is going toh:lqta,'apd pru-: bably to Algeria, and takes his" wife and daughter with him for the winter. That "?;, 2".'."..9- ? .---' - :-? '' P'oor faithful old Soymonri Well, how i3'tr St. Attb it okod. woula une.ainvery Ungr, my ioru, your, wile needs. I think I may promise that if you'll scnd.her out with Sir John and his family, y~u'll hav hLer batik in, six lo'nths' a hale and hearty woman. 'They go inithe Dalphin, which eails on.the 10thiand this is the.Gth. You've not an hour to lOEe, my.lord. 11 you c 0re to' ave your wite'a liie, you had better ee to it: 'iood-daly." ; S; 4Aubyni sat for :ten minutes in deep thought. Then lie ros, and made his way into theo morning-room. It w-s the pleasantest apartment in the Manor, a luxuriouslyyappointed Enuggery, and in a eilkrenc-ushioned chair near the open case ment sealtLdy Cassandra Lauder. She.ro:o as St. Aubyn entered, and stood before him, fair, willowy, and stately as in days of yore. " You shouldn't sit near the open case ment, cousin, this damp morning," said St. Aubyn, with kind interest. " Come, sit here by the fire, please. I want your advice.' He wheeled another chair before the bright fire in the poli Led grate, a?d Lady Cao. sandra crossed the room and vat down. She was on a visit to St. Aubyn Manor, in honor of baby's birth. No two friencs could possibly be on better termn than my .ady Cassandra and Lady Sr. Aublyn. All the old trouble was forgiven and forgotten, by imiple-mindcd Biea at least. She was just the sort of woman to Inrgiva a great wrong thoroughly and freely; and when, a few months after her marringe ti St. Aubyn, Lady Cassandra had travelled all the way to St. Aubyn Manor, juet to mal;e her a visit when she was slightly ailing, Desa welcomed her with all her kind, forgiv. ing heart. Lady Cassandra could osarcely have ex plained her own motives in making this first visit. She fancied, however, that they were purely unselfish, and that she was sincerely repentant for the past, and anxious to make amends to Bess for all the troul,le and Effiir ing she had caused her. Yet human motives, like human hearts, are difiicult to analyse, so nrone are they to be compounded of selfish iersH an'l deceit. But Lady Cassandra made her vieit, and went down an her knees beside the invalid chair in which Bess was sitting. "Oih, I:eFs. dear little Bees," shl half sobbed, with tears that at the moment must have been ecuruine, "can you forgive me? I elshll ever be happy or at rest again unless you do. I am co torry. I must have been Imid to do the wicked thing I did; but Heaven knows, my whole life shall be spent in malking amends to you, it you will only forgive me." Bces bent down and took the proud, fair face in both her hands. " My dear cousin CaEsie," she said, with streaming tears and womanly kisesE, " ae if I coul!d biear any malice arainst you all this whilc ' Why. I have foigiven you ycars ago. Iiow should I, with all my weakness and errors, dare ask for forgivencss if 1 refused forgiveness to you ? There now, dear, this shall be the end ; and henceforth you are my dearest friend." \When St. Aubyn came in he found his little wife asleep, with her head on r-t tly Lady Casiandra's shoulder; and he looked on with a nod and a smile, and yet a slight feeling of maEcu:ine contempt fcr the weak wa.Se of women. And now, after the close of her brilliant London season, Lady Caesandra had come again to make another visit. She had reigned belle of the gay London world, and numbered scores of lovers, and was engaged, so rumor had it, to young Lord Montraville, the very beet match of the season. But whether rumor told the truth, no one could state, for my lady's proud, impassive face never betrayed its secrets. Stately, beautiful, and regal as a queen, she came to visit the woman who had wedded the only man her paesionato heart had ever loved. But it tile sight of their nuptial happiness and the pretty face of the infant heir of the house of St. Aubyn, gave her any pain, she never betrayed it by the slightest Eign. "Well, St. Aubyn," she qucetiorned, sarenely, seating herself in the great chair and folding her white hands upon her lap, ,4 what nvir n va on necl f" "" Yell, '.,t. nrbynt qluest onca Lady ' at advice statinlg hlerselF In thle grcaa tllar, what al dvice " Why, I am in trouble about lees, CaEsie," St. Aubyn remarks. "Dr. Lati mer says she is, in mote danger than we think.'" e " Ali I' ndeed I" Lady Cassandra elevates her delicate brows, and just the shadow of a flash'lights her blue-gray eyes. : ' ,Yes," St..Aubyn goes on; "he says if we keep her here she will die before the winter sets in, and that nothing will save her but a sea voyage and sojourn in a milder elimatq than this." ..... " Well, then," responds. my lady, with her cool smile'; "hatr dvice can you reed? Of ccure'you will take her without de lay?" : " Well, yes, of course-that is, I would if it were possible," sta:imers St.Aubyn, with a flush mounting to his cheeks. lie always feels a sort of dread of his cousin Cassandra's eyes, they are so calm and sharp, lest they discover his secret. "Yes, of course I would," he stammers. ' I'd do anything under thesun to save my poor little, leeas-the bare thought of losiog her sets me frantic-but you see, Caseie, I cannot well leave England now." Lady Cassandra winces, in spite of her self- command, at St. Aubyn's tender men. tion of his wife, but she responds calmly enough.. " inally,'now, I see. no reason why you cannot." "Well, there are reasons," he goes on, .desperately., "I have business affairs on hand that demand my presence here, and 'yet .I dislike to send Bess alone. Latimer tells me,' hpwever, that Sir John Ruiledge is 'going out. in the Dolphin--lutlEdge of the Elms,-you know. He takes his wife and daughter, and they winter in Malta or Al geria ;' and Latimer says it is just what Bess needs.: Now, what am I to do? How can I let her. go alone, with a chance of never seeing her again 2" Hae lookaat L. ly C...alr-- r-.Jpnnnmr blue eyes full of passi6nate pain ; but even in this, as in all things else, his nature is selfish. The proud woman's scarlet lips suddenly whiten at sight of those mesmerio eyes, full of love and anxiety for another woman than herself. All hsr life long e?e had loved this handsleome, eeiefih man, and she loves him still. A terrible pain shoots like a knife through her heart-a pain that is half akin to hope-a vague dim hope of she knows not what. But she masters it in a moment, and presses her slim white hand hard against her side. " It is hard," she replies, gently; " but it would be harder to keep her here, and then have yourself to blame for the con sequences." " So it would. I should go mad if I kept her here and she died." ' Then you had better send her with Sir John Rutledge." ' But the Dolphin in which they embark sails on the 10th-only four days hence." " Well, we can soon make the necessary preparations. Of course Mason goes with her; and baby-what about him?' St. Aubyn's blue eyes open wide. Ile has forgotten his son and heir. "By Jove," he cries, " Bess will never consent to leave her baby; and, of course, she cannot take him." "Of course not; but I think she will trust him to me. Tell her I will take charge of baby." St. Aubyn leaves the room without a word, and Lady Cassandra, rising from her seat, hurries across to the window, clutching as the garnet brooch that pins her lace collar as if she were sn danger of choking. CHAPTER XXIII, TIHE LAST PARTING. "Look up, BEss, poor little mother; you mustn't cry so." Iess lifts her head, and wipes her stream ing eyes in obedience to her husband's com mand. '"You know, my dear," lie continues, 'that it is all for your own good. Latimer says you must go-nothing else will save you." "But my baby I Oh, St. Aubyn, think of leavini.g my baby !" she moans, pressing the child to tier breast, while her tears fall like rain on its little pink face. St. Aubyn looks at her, and a sudden cloud darkens his fine brow. " Yes, I know," he says, " it must be hard for you to leave the child. You don't seem to find it very hard to part from me though." She looked up at him with frightened eyes. ' Oh, indeed I do. It almost breaks my heart to think of leaving you. The only dif ference is, baby will miss me so " "And I shall miss you too, Bees," he cries, catching her in his arms and kissing her. " But what should I do if I lost you for good?" " Oh, dear, I don't think I shall die. I can't die and leave bady. Please do not send me away from you." The sight of her pleading face touches him keenly, and for the moment he is half tempted to go with her and risk everything. Iie cannot, but he'll try to make an end of that ugly business away in Cardiganshire, and then he may follow her. The thought reassures him amazingly. "But my dear little Bess," he replies, pushing up her loose sleeve and disclosing her wasted arm, "see what a shadow you are ! And Latimer knows best. He says if you make this voyage you'll come home to me and baby a hale and hearty woman." Bess looks up and dries her eyes. " W\ell, dear, of course if you say so I am willing; but-but"--ter voice failing again -"don't you think I might manage to take baby and nurse with me?" " Baby and nurse to Malta, and perhaps to Algeria I Why, you silly little mother, no I Baby would sicken and die on the voyage. You must leave him behind. Cassie told me to say that she will take charge of him, asnd you'll find him a bill boy when you return." "Yes, when I return baby will be a big bny-a big boy." She repeats the words in a dreamy whisper, her great solemn eyes bent upon the blue waters of the river running through thegreen K'ntish hills. Her husband watches her curiously, and then says: "You will go, lees." ': You wish it, dear, I will go." So the matter is decided, and the hasty preparations are made. Sir John Iutledge is called upon, and, after consultation with his wVile, exrrecses himself greatly delighted to take Lady St. Aubyn under his charge. lier maid Jenny and lMrs. t?aeon, St. Aubyn's old nurse, are both to go out with her. The trunks are packed, and at last the final morningcomes. lies stands in her chamber, robed in nun like grey, her poor weak limbs tottering under her. Lady Cassandra is at hand,with baby in her rms.q " I'll take Koad eare of him, Baess," she says, earnestly, and esicerely, too, at the moment. " S kiss him and say good-bye, dear. You are not strong enough to bear a lingering parting. S?t. Aubyn, take her away at once; she is taint now." Bees lies quite still, with her head on her husband's arm, as they journey to the port of embarkation, but at lengttb, as the wash of the sea reaches her, she rouses up. " We shall soon tart now, dear," he says. "You won't forget mewhen I'm gone ?" " Forget you, less I lshall think of you every minute till you cota back to me. Ah, child, I woul n, leti! so.;i .s cway without me, t n - . £o ke. rL. now it Ts, my dear. So imupo.nnt just now to be in England. " Yea, my dear, I know." She answers confidently. She takes him at his word in all things, and has no sort of suspicion that in his hidden soul there is a horrible skeleton. "I don't know how I shall live while you are gone," he continues. " It may be that I may follow you, if I can settle my affairs; I certainly shall if I can." "Well, I shall not be away such a long time, dear, and you'll have baby, and Cassie will be good to you. You must go home with her to Treeby Wald and Mount Storm when she takes baby there. I shall feel better satisfied to think you are with baby." "Will you? I'll go, then. I'd do any thing to make you go away happy, Bess. Can you think of anything elee? Is there nothing you want?c-no request you would like to make before we part?" She looks up at him with timid, wistful eyes, and her lips quiver. " There is only one thing, dear," she says, "and that seems foolish ; but you won't get angry with me, I know. You remember that old ring you took from my finger so long ago?" ,"Yes, dear-here it is. I've worn it on my watch-heain ever since, even when I thought you were dead." He lifts his heavy chain, and the quaint old ring of twisted Indian gold flashes before her tear-blinded eyes. " Would you mind giving it back to me?" she falters, a faint red rising in her waxen cheeks. " I used to see it, and to have it on my finger, oh, so long ago, when poor papa was alive; and-and-they told me it was a sort of talisman. Don't think me silly, dear, but I can't rid myself of the fancy that if I wear that old ring on my long voyage, I shall come back safe to you." St. Aubyn laughs, and disengages the ring frtm his ,lhain. ill v.Im god car oLim, Bes," saidf l.dy Cas. I ndm, earnestly. "So kits him, and saygood. y o, dear." " Well, your fancy shall be humored," he says, "and I hope that the curious :old trinket may prove 'a'talisman in truth. There, let me put it on your finger." iess puts out her thin, waxen hand; the St. Aubyn opal that the still weara slipping loosely about on her wasted finger. " \hy, how small your. finger is, poor dear I" says her husband. " You'll-lse .ithe old opal if you're not careful ; and I should grieve to lose it. The 'women' of my race have worn it for centuries, and we must keep it for our boy when he wins his bride." " fMy dear, suppose you take it off. and keep it for me. I might lose it on my journey." " It would be a good idea," responds St. Aubyn, good.naturedly. '"Your finger will bha plump and round by the time you return." lie slips ittif, and tranfers it to his own little finger; and B:ees, With that curious quiver still about her mouth, pute on the quaint old twisted ring. . And thus they reach the place of "parting, and thus they part, with many- tears and fond caresses; and Bess, Marchiocess of St. Aubyn, and Lady of Nivernois Court, goes forth upon her long and lonely journey-niot with the old St. Aubyn opal, but with iRed. meond Carew's queer old betrothal ring upon her wasted finger. CHAP'TEIR XXIV. Ste MOi5'ns LThit. In her own private boudoir at Treeby Wold my Lady Cassandra bits, on a drizzly afternoon in March, her regal head testing on her jewelled hand, her eyes bent upon the winding highroad, dimly visible through the bleared window. The twilight is closing in, and she is waiting for St. Aubyn to return from Landon. lie epends mostof his time in the Wold now, for his child is there, underLady Casaandra'e care, and ho finds the lanor lonely now that Bess is away. So it turns ouat-and naturally enough that he makes the Wold his home. It is such a comfortable, luxurious old place, with such cheery fircs, and tcn;pting dinners; and his cousin Caosandra is such a winning woman. lie has been in London, however, on a week's visit, and now my lady is looking for his return. She sees him at last, the carriage coming up the soddlen drive at a rapid rate. her eyes light and her cheeks glow like carmine. She turns, and rings her bell. " Tell nurme to bring baby down to tlhe day nursery. His father is coming," she commande. Then she sweeps out, and is in the nursery herself when the child is brought down. There St. Aubyn finds them both when he comes in from the lsormy weather, surrounded by warmth and luxr ious beauty. In her regal robes, Lady Casnsndra mirt him as he entere, ai:hi the babe in thsr arms. IIo snatches the boy from her and com. mences to caress it. without voueheafirg even so much as a glance of reco?nition at Lady Cassandra ?erself.--(2 n /. c.esifs nmt.el 