MELBOURNE. (FXOSI OtJIi OIVX COEItESI'OSDENT.) Saturday. -ur ifitzgcralu, tuo Syducv or Australasian labor delegate, is a pleasing looking man, of nice address, and he lias a quiet earnest mode of speaking, which is more effective than tho declamatory style adopted by some of the labor leaders. Coming fresh from tho old world, which is seething with labor troubles, his mind is naturally permeated with tho importance of the labor question, and ho believes that wlieu once Home Rule has been disposed of, the 0110 subject for men to grapple with will bo tho labor difficulty. The de claration of his conviction that employers, by pushing things to extremes, will precipitate a condition of social revolution, and civil war, cannot bo liglrtly laughed aside, and it is fortunafo that ho sees in tho proper legisla tive representation of labor, combined with co- operation, a peaceful solution of tho great problem of the nineteenth century. The six days' old child of an inmate of tho AVomcn's Hospital, named Julia AI'G'arlhy, was found dead in bed beside its mother carl}' this morning, and nil examination of its body showed that death bad rosidtedfrom strangulation, caused by the string of its nightdress having boon drawn very tight round its throat. Such force bad boon used that it could hardly have been accidental, but the inquest will probably throw light on the matter. The young mother seemed much distressed ou learning of the death of the child. Our present Governor lias made himself popular as a public man and member of society, and it is satisfactory to find that his rule is a pleasing one in his own household. With all liis good qualities, the predecessor of the present occupant of Government House held economical views, which, in tho opinion of some people, were occasionally pushed to extremes, hut no such fault, if fault it were, can he attributed to tlio Earl of Ilopotoun, whose liberality is great. And yet bis Ex cellency, apart from tho illness of his wife, lias laid reason to comxdain of liis ill hick with liis household, tho transplanting from Scotland to Australia having been somewhat of a failure in some cases at all events. The most notable instance of this was in respect to tho housekeeper, who from being a staid anil grave lady gave way to induigcncios and eccentricities, which culminated recently in her deatli in an institution for the de mented. There is an excellent disposition on the part of the judges to impose severe sentences on habitual criminals, and though the sub ject is a most perplexing ouc, they are pcr ! haps right in acting on the principle that it is safer and more economical for society to keep the thorough had ones in goal than to let them lose. None the less the disparity between judicial and magisterial sentences is startling. Take for instance tlio ease of a young man named George Henderson, who assaulted, a constable badly iu Oolliugwood on the occasion of his aricst. Ifc had hccu frequently convicted, and on this occasion the judge awarded him six years. Another bad one in the person of Patrick Brennan received live years and 20 lashes for rubber}' in company. Henry TduUins, the pugilist, convicted of the manslaughter of an old man, was awarded 12 months. Hdwurd Boss, the old fellow, who, whilst suffering from the effects of love and beer, shot his landlady, escaped with six months owing to his age and previous gcod charac ter. In HO eases out of a hundred when a cow and a train come into collision it is the former which suiters most and ex perience has proved that Stephenson was about right when ho told one of the conservatives of his day, who expected to snuff him out by propounding the fearful problem as to the result of a cow straying ou the railway, that it would be awkward for the cow. Still a cow is an unpleasant cus tomer to encounter even for a train, and it appears from reports received at the Ihiil way department to-day that one of the milky mothers of the herd was actually res ponsible for throwing a goods train off the line at Box Hill this morning. If the ghost of Steph cusoiv s interrogator is about it might note the circumstance. The police have arrested a man named Alexander Hcrbertson for the series of assaults on ladies atllawksburn, aud this time they arc in hopes that they havo got the real culprit. He has not yet been identified, the ladies who were assaulted not having recovered sufficiently to come to court. Newspaper exposures of frauds by the magsincn and spieling fraternity seem quite powerless to preveut a repetition of the frauds, and it has been suggested that it might be well, for tho sake of the gullible ones, to post notices about the streets caution ing people against the swindlers, the notices to be accompanied by portraits of some of tho cleverest. This is by way of prelude to the intimation that George Henry Thomas Adams, a ucw arrival from the country, has been "takcndownT,by two men named George Henderson and "William Siuis, to the tune of £200, by the evergreen paper trick. 113y Tei/egjiaiui. ] Sunday Night. The bodies of two men were found hi the Yarra. One of them was naked, and is sup posed to bo Alexander Bcatlie, who was drowned when bathing. 