THE VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. [By Walter Eesast, the Novelist.! London, May 4, 1891. In the spring — even in the coldest spring— one becomes restless. There is a desire to be up and roaming. Some of us, perhaps, have gipsy blood in our veins, which causes us to yearn for fresh fields and pastures new when the cuckoo comes back and brings the time of the new year. That is one reason, perhaps, 'why I was at Eastbourne one 'week and at Stratfordon Avon the next. Another reason is that last week was Pilgrim week for that old town — the birthday week. Shakespeare was born on the 23rd of April. It is a great week. There are performances every night and some afternoons at the very beautiful little theatre ; tlie hotels are full ; all the shops bring out fresher examples of the photographic art; and flags fly. Perhaps there is a dinner, but of this I am not certain. It is too early for the Americans, so that it is a genuine English festival. Stay, this year there was one illustrious American at Stratford. It was Sir, Henry Jaisis, and he came ty see the performance of his own piece, which we hope to see on a London stage before long. For my oini part, it was Stratford re visited after a greater number^ of years than one cares to count. Since* then the library and theatre have been built, the ' house' lias been carefully isolated and protected, so that there is now as little danger from fire as can be secured for any building, no candle or fire, for instance, being allowed ; there is a little museum of interesting curiosities connected with Shakespeare ; there is a conduit erected by a Pmladelpliian ; and there is a monument to the poet. There is also a great deal more to look at in the old town, much more than I remembered. In the first place there is the curator of the Museum, who is, as he should be, an enthusiast over the poet and his contemporaries. If you show a real and living interest in the sub ject he will talk to you and instruct you. Then there is tlie old Grammar school ; I think I do not know anything quite so _good in its way as this old school. It is built over the ancient Guild Hall, which stands beside what was formerly the Guild Chapel, and is now the Church of the Holy Trinity. In the Guild Hall, which occupies the ground floor, were held, when Shakespeare was a boy, the plays and pageants of the Earl of Leicester's - servants. There are the borough ac counts to show this. So that the boy was not altogether unacquainted with the stage before he ran away, to join his cousins, the players from Warwickshire. The school was at that time under repair, so that he was taught, and very likely flogged, in the Guild Chapel. The school stands above the hall, And is a mystery of rambling rooms and ancient timbered roofs. Such an ancient school they have at Hull, but this is older. For instance, one room is adorned with a painting of two roses, the White Rose with a red heart and the Red Rose with a white heart — time of the Union of the Roses and of Henry 'VII., my masters ! The old bridge built bv Sir John Clopton, Lord Mayor of London, in that reign also survives ; but an iron footway at the side rather spoils the look of it. At the hotel the rooms are named after Shakespeare's plays. They put me into 'Wintef-sTale.' This seemed appropriate in awa^ggjid I was glad they did not give Ttie?lg?yblie '.* Comedy of Emjrsp jsrMchwas oSg^^de, or to 'King Lear' on the other. As for ' Troilus and Cressida' that is clearly most inappropriate for a grey beard, and ' Much Ado About Nothing' would not. be complimentary to a literary witling. The manager showed, in fact, a nice ap preciation of the situation. . It is said, that although the rooms are four hundred years old, they have.no ghosts, which is attributable, of course, to the special in terference of the bard himself. No ghosts but liis shall haunt his native place. Very happily, Mr. Benson's com pany had the theatre on two of my nights, and I saw 'The Tempest' well and beautifully performed. If it had been only half as well acted it would have been delightful, so lovely is the fable, so sweet Miranda and the sprite, so wonderful is Caliban. There are also many things to see about and around the old town. Warwickshire — which will become better known when Murray's Handbook to the county is pro duced — is a part of England full of in teresting places. There are battlefields, because the land is mostly -flat, and con venient for fighting; there are ancient country houses, such as Charlecote, the home of thee Lucy family; there are villages filled with picturesque old houses ; there are castles, such as .Warwick and Kenilworth ; and there is the most beauti ful almshouse in the whole country, the Leycester Hospital of Warwick, a thing even more peaceful and beautiful than Walker's. Why do people run after Ibsen's plays ? First, I think, because they are entirely unlike any other play ever presented on any stage. In plot, construction, and dialogue they bear no resemblance to any other form of drama. Therefore, accord ing to some people, they are good because every new thing must be good. Then they preach strange doctrines — as that a woman is justified, in order to make a better development of herself, in leaving her husband and her children to take their chance. In this time of questioning and doubt everyone is welcome who comes along with a new gospel, however small a thing it is. There are many women to whom the abandonment of her children by Norali, in 'Tlie Doll's House,'1 seems a highly laudable thing. To these ladies anything tliat is natural and old fashioned, such as the clinging of husband . and wife together, even after one or other has proved less heroic than- was at first believed, lias become intolerable. . As re gards the newest play, ' Hedda Gabler,'. Mr. George Moore seems to have made the best defence of it. He says that it is a tragedy of impending and unavoidable suicide. Perhaps it may be so inter preted, and yet ? -. Frankly, I like the old ways, the old plays, the old themes, the old faiths. The world may turn from them for a while, but it will return, be cause there is nothing stronger in our nature than love, jealousy, ambition, faith ; with tliese emotions as the theme the greatest work in every kind of litera ture has been hitherto accomplished, and will continue to be accomplished. Last week we discoursed of the narrow ingof theAvorld. All places in fact have been brought closer together, and that so quickly, namely, in the span of two genera tions, that we cannot yet understand it. America— which is but a week from us — seems to most of us still a far off land. India, wliich can lie readied in three weeks instead of three months, still seems the far Cathay. Space has been divided by four at least, so^that this terrestrial ball, which is set down by geographers as 24,000 miles round, has slirunk to about 6,000. This is a very great achievement for the nineteenth century, and is pro ducing certain interesting results. Let us hope that as one result the nations brought so close together will not squabble all the more. Meantime the shortening of distance has produced another effect. Tlie world is actually widening as well as narrowing every day. Think how narrow it was before America was discovered ! That was 400 years ago. Think, again, how narrow ifc' was when Queen Victoria ascended the throne. No Australia to speak of, no New Zealand, very little South Africa, no Western States of America, no ,Vancou- '? ver, no Manitoba, no Central Africa, no Borneo, no New Guinea. All these vast countries have been born, so to speak, within 60 years. Tlie world has widened to all that extent, and .„ /there is plenty of room for further^ widen ing. The whole of South ?-?anierica is waiting for us ; the. greater part of Australia ; New Zealand can sustain a population of thirty millions, the Islands of the Pacific as many more ; the western parts of North. America a hun dred millions. Why— why does no great statesman propound a systematic scheme for emigration? The1;' whole world is open to our young men, yet no one shows the way. ??''? ? The children at school should be told from the very first of the magnificent in heritance that . is their own by right of their father's strong right hand ; they should be taught that emigration is the enviable lot of half. How much better than to waste their time over spell ing ! There should be an emigra tion office in every town and every vil lage ; there should be handbooks for all tlie different colonies. Why, there should not . be a single man or woman in the country in want of employment, -so - great is the^-deinand for labor abroad. Tlie sons of gehtlemenare finding this out. at last, and are flocking abroad in daily in~ creased numbers to escape the competi tion of the professions. One young fel low told me the other day that he was off* to South Africa to join the mounted ' police ; another that he was going to join a friend on a sheep ranch ; another wrote to me from New Zealand that he was clerk in a store, and ' doing ' very well. Wherever they go they will lead happier lives than in the press and fighting of this crowded country where all avenues are choked. . ' - .; One who is now dead had a favorite scheme which I.have always admired and now publicly propound. He wanted every village at home to have its sister village of the same name in Canada or in Australia peopled from the home village, keeping up friendly relations, always' receiving more of their own kith and kin. - Is hot this a thing Worth attempting ? Or is the home sentiment lost ? One thing is cer tain — that those who leave the' villages and flock into towns do^very speedily lose the old home feeling. And their children, have no sentiment of the kind at all. How can a child of Poplar or Lhnehouse have any loveior Tiis native place ? When we speak of happy lives, please do not think of making a fortune. Money is not generally made by the colonial farmer, but a life of plenty and ease is as sured. Besides, we must not judge by those who win the great prizes, but by the average. Thus in the Church there are bishoprics worth £5,000*a year— very comfortable indeed. But there are 10,--Q0 curates with a hundred a year, and 10,000 beneficed clergy out of 20,000 with livings less than £200 a year. -.Our average parson gets one of these fat and happy livings. Or there are barristers who make £10,000 a year ; but the average banister is wholly unsuccessful ? and makes nothing a year. . Or there are doctors who make £10,000 a year, but the average general practitioner has a little ' country practice out of which he makes liis £300 a year. And so on all round. While, as for literature— but I must tell you another time by a single history what literature may mean. Now, : these same unsuccessful men, had they gone out to some colony ?which wanted their work, would have had a stirring, active life, with plenty to live upon and plenty to do, fighting very likely thrown in. And they would have- come home from time to time and gazed with. wonder upon the fatness of those who have got on and th.e querulous helplessness of those who have not. '. Let us love t-ur country with all our heart; and .with all '^ur \ strength. But when there are Ttoo many . of us let us resolve, to clear out .and make a settlement somewhere else. ? In the Voice we do not wrangle dyer politics. Therefore, in speaking of ftee ' education, it is without reference to either side. Now this step seems to me, one' of those wliich have become silently and, to the outer world, insensibly necessary. There comes a time when the wisdom of government is shown in recognising the inevitable. It is now three or four years since one, who has taken as large a part : in national education as any man, pointed out to me that the thing must come ; it was, he said, bound to come ; the flowing of the tide was shown by many things ; the wholesale remission of school fees ; the feeling of parents ; the example of America ; the recognition of the fact that every child should be equipped by the State with a reasonable amount of education ; the thing itself, he declared, was only a question of time. As a tax and a rate payer one groans ^looking at the measure from a higher point of view one rejoices, for the sake of the children, whose inheri tance is charged by the right to a .good education. ' ? - . ' - ; Mr. Goschen's estimate of the increased number of pipes smoked during last -year . ?' made me curious to learn the total- num ber. If there is an ahti-tobacco league ' - anywhere the figures should make the members of the league feel very sick in deed. For, my brother smokers, tlie total works out to seven thousand two hundred millions of. pipes every year. There it is in letters. But only look- at it in figures— 7,200,000,000 ! 'What an awful quantity of pipes ! What a pile of baccy ! Yet, after all, it. is not so very much even when divided out. There really are a great many people in these islands. If we take the trouble to deduct from the whole population first the'womenj and then the boys, and lastly the unhappy men who never smoke at all, there remains — what ? Just two pipes a day for every man ! Two pipes a day ! A very modest allowance, so much so that I must have made too small a deduction. . The Chancellor's statement that the drink bill has gone up by £900,000 inay also be taken without too much alarm. It '''?' only means sixpence a head, taking the ? '-** whole population ; a shilling a' head, ''??$ taking the male population only; and about eighteenpenceahead, leaving out the boys. Eighteenpence is not such a great deal spread over the whole year, is it ? The monthly ' meeting of the board ? of management of jthe Adelaide Children's Hos pital waa held on Thursday, when there were present Mr- C. H. Godde (in the! chair))' Lady . Morgan, Mesdames F. D. Beach, J. A. John son, A. T. Magarey, and-J. Simmons, -3-r. Curtis, Messrs. W. Isbister, L. P. Lawrence, C. S. Leader, A. T. Magarey, and H. Mildred. The financial statement read by the hon. treasurer (Mr. Mildred) showed 'that -the. re ceipts, including the Government grant-in-aid of £1,000, amounted to £1,168 5s. lOd., and the expenditure to £235 17s. 9d. The house surgeon (Dr. Hope) reported the state of the' house as follows : — Admitted 25, discharged 27, died 4 ? causes of death, diphtheria 2, rheumatic fever,' and broncho- pneumonia; present number of in-patients 33, average for the month 3d. In consequenoB of the interference with ward work, arising from the number of visiting days, it was resolved to reduce them from three to two in the week, viz., Wednesdays and Sundays. The ' newj regulations wil come' into force on July 1. The secre tary (Mr. W. Howehin) reported 147 atten dances at the outdoor dispensary, including 34 new cases. Twenty new collecting-boxes had been delivered during the montlC which had been suitably placed. By the kindness of Mrs. J. A. Johnson all the convalescents had had a trip to the Industrial Exhibition ' to~ which the Exhibition committee admitted them free of charge. Mr. Whitehead, glass engraver, kindly engraved the name of each child in the hospital on a tumbler free of cost Miss Johnson paying for the glasses. Direct communication has been established between tbe contagious wards and main building by a house telephone on a new principle supplied by Messrs. Kauffmann & Son. various gifts were thankfuUy acknowledged from the foHow Cauiiford, Goodwood; Mesdames '3m&l; Main, HamM^ Sounders, and J, A. -IS^ son, and Mr. Charles Whitehea& .'--?' ,* 