CURRENT NOTES. |l'nr.i:rc never was a time when the best of Arstanding did not exist between PUNCH and |ii Father Christmas. Shall we not even now a& our Welcome to our old friend ? Truly, Dear old Christmas ! When we cease to lAfnr thy coming—when our heart grows so s!d that it does not warm to all men for thy ite—when within us dies the memory of a Ikiimnd happinesses brought to us in thy com- »»y and in thy name—may our lifework be in silence. Dear Old Christmas ! felcome : Ever new art thou, because of the auty that is mingled with every fibre of thy tin;;. In thy presence true men would grow tar; charitable men more charitable ; selfish 1 would assume a virtue if they have it not; 1 all the world smiles under the magic of thy Bdrous power. * * * * I Do we fail to remember the lessons taught us I! Scrooge ! By the Rood, no ! Did not pt old Skinflint find Christmas spreading i blessings even over the raging billows Hit hungry deep. Even in the solitary ihthouse "two men who watched the light 1 made a fire, that through the loophole in c thick stone wall shed out a ray of brightness J 1 the awful sea. Joining their horny hands over P tough table atwhich they sat, they wished each W Merry Christinas in their can of grog." Wnow one more picture from the same source: Again the Ghost sped on, above the black i heaving sea—011, 011—until, being far as he told Scrooge, from auy shore, they fed un a ship. They stood beside the lielms- N&t; the wheel, the look-out in the how, the *»rs who had thewatch,dark ghostly figures, in several stations ; but every man among hummed a Christmas tune, or bad a ™tuias thought, or spoke below his breatli jhis companion of some bygone Christmas |*Ji with homeward hopes belonging to it. "ievery man on board, waking or sleeping, 1 "r had, had a kinder feeling for another on d»y than on any day in the year. There, these are our sentiments ;it this oment. We would metaphorically clink glasses with every honest man in Christendom—ami out of it, for that matter. And, as for the rogues—well, poor devils all, ye are badly enough punished without ail additional stripe from our lash now. You cannot enjoy Christmas. You cannot feel the loveliness of his very nature, who finds happiness in the happiness of others. 13ut you may catch some distant ray of light from his torch, and feel his benison afar off. We would fain hope so. Please imagine us, dear reader, standing under the very girdle nt dear Father Christmas, and spreading our hands like him with blessings over all, our native Philanthropy oozing from every pore of our laughter-loving skin, and our "voice ringing aloud, with the salutation, time honoured, but never stale—A Merry Xma>. But shall we not have our little quip at the politicians for all that ? Aye, "ill we, most truly. And first you, James Service, stand out and answer us—how in the name of all that is honest could you stand up in the Legislative Council and find the face to denounce a " borrowing policy ?" A thousand shames ought to have silenced you if you had a thousand thoughts in that direction. Was it not the Coalition Government which you nursed into being, and which you perpetuated when you handed over power'to Duncan Gillies, that laid this colony 111 a few years under Twenty Millions sterling of debt ? It was ; so you can't deny it. When you and Graham Berry put your old heads together in 1883, agreeing to sink past feuds for the sake of office, this colony owed the English creditors £24,000,000. Today it owes £44,000,000, with £2,000,000 of the Coalition debts yet unpaid. How is that for high, James Service'! Truly, sir, you «ere invested in your frock of invincible impudence when you presumed, in face of these facts, to stand up in the Legislative Council and denounce loans, on the ground that " he who goes a- borrowing goes a-sorrowing." Do you remember, sir, a thing you ouce said about graham J Jerry—a thing famous in its day ? W e shall remind you. Berry had cheek in exeelsis. You told him that if he were 011 the drop of the gallows beside the executioner, with the white cap drawn over his face and about to be turned off, he would contrive to make the people below believe it was all a mistake, and that Jack Ketch was the real culprit. That description fits you to a T, as you appeared in the Legislative Council on Tuesday night condemning " a Borrowing Policy." Dost thou like the picture '! MR. !S|'KII:IIT can certainly take one comfort tio himself out of his appearance before the Legislative Council—he set Mr. Shiels' nerves in a most terrible Hut-tor. He did this—and nothing mure. Me produced not a figure or a fact, or even a fiction, to relieve him of the damning proof heaped up against him of being the most, conspicuous failure who ever emne amongst us wit li a boomed reputation, only to end iu collapse. Wriggle and twist and struggle and juggle as he may, and as his friends may. nobody can now alter these disastrous facts — ilr. Speight runic here to nml.x nvr rnihrni/s pay. nml he lms run lis into liulf-riihiuiin losses. All the carefully rehearsed evidence given in answer to Mr. Outhhert.'s carefully-rehearsed questions did not in the slightest explain away this fact. But if Mr. .Speight could do nothing to rehabilitate himself, he did a deal to make his enemy dance the torture dance. Pour Shiels was a picture of pitiable pain 111 the Assembly after Speight had given his audience. And all for what a stronger man would have accounted as nothing. Mr. Speight simply contradicted Mr. Shiels on a question of fact. What Shiels had said hml taken place in the negotiations to re-appoint Mr. Speight, the latter denied. It was purely a question as to the credibility of the two men. Shiels ought to have been perfectly at his ease about it, seeing that he occupied the position of vantage. He ought in justice to his own honour and dignity to have remembered that neither were in danger. Qui s'excuse s'accuse. He had nothing to gain by misstating the facts, or by misapprehending them. Mr. Speight had. He ought, therefore to have heard Mr. Speight's denial of his own •illegations with as much philosophy as the Melbourne bankers exercise when Mr. Hancock calls tlieui robbers. But, alas, Mr. Shiels is an unhinged instrument. He is a bundle of nerve strings, wrecked, jarring and out of harmony. He heard Mr. Speignt contradict him, and in his hysterical frame of mind immediately flew to the conclusion that he was dishonoured, that his veracity was in question, thaCliis honour as a man and a statesman and a politician was smirched, and that it could be washed white again only in a torrent of his own eloquence poured out at the bar of the Council. Poor Shiels • The spectacle was very affecting. Never before in the Victorian Parliament has a clever man so much written himself down as an imbecile. His colleagues, knowing his frail health, ought to have kept him out of harm's way.- Shiels. my lad, you are a line fellow Every man w ho knows you, knows you for a man of transparent honesty. Your word wou d be taken anywhere against a wilderness of sonic men's denials. You are frank, fair and free. But you lack stamina, staying power, ballast' You are the prey of disordered nerves. I11 short, you are at times little better than an inspired madman. Take rest, my boy. Keep quiet. Remember— " Great wits to madness are so near allied. That thin partitions dotlu-ir bounds divide.'' Wi; have a shrewd suspicion that, the members of the Bar Association have become thoroughly ashamed of themselves. Their attempt at the Boycott has been thoroughly exposed and shown ill its true colours. And truth to say those solours are very dirty indeed. The barristers were the first to denounce the boycott when it was proposed by Messrs. Trenwith, Hancock and Murphy. I11 them it was rank blasphemy. All Temple Court rose up, and all Selliourne Chambers followed suit, and donned the uniform of the Special Constable to assist in preserving "freedom of contract" against the tyrants of the Trades Hall. Admirable ! Was it not '. But, oh, ye gods and little fishes ! How the times are changed ! The gas-stokers were villains because they would not work alongside nonunionists ; and, io ! now these very barristers have formed a Union and swear anathema against, every man outside of it. Let 11s frame the new barristerial boycott, and hold it up for the people to gaze at. It is the Christmas greeting of the Bar Association. Look I " No member of the Association ; shall accept any brief, or appear in ' • i any cause or matter, or upon any ', : trial, rule, motion, or petition, or ! cive any opinion or advice, ol'draw I any pleadings, or act in any 1 . manner professionally jointly wiili any pel-soil not a member of the Association." Coining from a band of men who were so fierce in denouncing the gas-stokers' boycott, we think that authors of that card have earned a place beside James Service, as the latter denounces Colonial Borrowing. It is pleasant, however—very pleasant—to observe how sternly this community stamps its disapprobation on the Boycott, whether that ugly and unchristian weapon be wielded by a grimy gas-stoker or by a bewigged barrister. The gentlemen of the Law Institute have known their cue, and taken it. They have cannoned off the cushion of legal liberty, and potted the Red Bnycotters with a crushing stroke. More power to yon, " gentlemen by Act- of Parliament." l'l'.Nclt honours you all. Consider yourselves invited to our crystal palace to drink nectar with us oil amaranthine beds of celestial flowers, where the notes of rare birds come to us mingled with " the murmurs of low founts that gush forth in the midst of roses." You are worthy, gentlemen, of our best hospitality, and you have it—in thought. .And you know, then, that you have it iu reality, since Hamlet assures us i.hat " there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so." We think of you as our guests at these feasts of the gods. You are worthy of 11s for the stand you have taken against these gentlemen of the Bar- Boycotting Association. O.SK good thing has come out of the Coal Commission —a statement. We don't as a rule give too much credence to statements, and the tatements of Commission* especially are of the order unreliable. Hut this Coal Commission has looked into things a lot, and it has now twice made a statement 011 an important matter of fact. Let us quote the ipsisBiin-j. verba " Your commissioners have taken additional evidence from a number of witnesses confirmatory of that previously tendered. We feel fortified, therefore, in reiterating the opinion that the carbonaceous deposits of Victoria are not only extensive and valuable, but practically inexhaustible; that coal-mining may be conducted profitably and a new and important industry established, rendering the colony independent of extraneous sources for the supply of coal for steaming, manufacturing and household purposes." Now, then, gentlemen, is this so ? If it be, beyond doubt., why, what care we for all the Protectionist duties of New South Wales ? Give us local coalfields, and with the start we have j*ot, we shall defy the competition of Sydney for the next two decades. THE most practical Christian that we have come across in a long and varied experience is the editor of tile Charlton Independent. In a cheerful leadiug article appropriate to the season, lie says, " With the heartiest good-will we wish a merry Christmas to our friends, well-wishers, commentators and censors." And immediately afterwards gives the reasons for this comprehensive Christianity. " Our friends have helped us; our well-wishers have encouraged us; our commentator have jguided us. and our censors have compelled us into the paths of well-doing." This is certainly a frank acknowledgment, and should make the readers of our contemporary feel thankful to the censors who have compelled the editor into the paths of well-doing 