WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1891. THE less said about the Revenue returns for the last half year the better. What has been said about them in the Mel bourne papers may be regarded as waste of space. The strikes, we are told, were a factor. If they were, a deficit, so far as they are concerned, is likely to be chronic, for they are by no meansat an end. Falling off in a country's revenlue is the inevitable sequel to the falling out of capital and labour. Then the probate duty estimate is short of the sum set down. People won't die to suit a Treasurer desirous of taxing the pro perty of the deceased. It really seems that the disappointment must be ne garded as a visitation of Providence for the financial wickedness of waiting for dead men's shoes. It is clear, at any rate, that calculations made on such a basis must be as shadowy and unsub stantial as ghosts. The Railway De partment is the root of the evil, and tlhe prospect held out by the present Go vernment of a sort of legislative leger demain, changing the system of book keeping, by which the railway revenue and disbursements have hitherto been presented to parliament and the country, is the merest delusion, so far as the alteration can be supposed to add to the earnings of the railway. The non paying continue to "eat their heads off," and that process, to all appearances, continues in full swing. As no increase in other branches is likely to redress the balance, on the wrong side, created by this large leak in the Treasury, it is difficult to perceive how the next half year's revenue can be looked forward to as an improvement on this last. It is all very well to enjoin caution on the Treasurer, and prudence on parliament. Mr. MUono will be as sure to be cau tion? am.the Legislative Assembly tobe prudent, just so long as, and no longer than, it has the chance of being per veise. As to the Postal Department being in any way responsible for the half year's deficit, that is all nonsense. The postal receipts were expected to be short for a season, owing to the change to a penny postage; but they have not been so short as Mr. DERIIHA appre hended. As a matter of fact, the finan- a cial situation is becoming critical, and r it is of no use to be throwing flimsy J veils over the truth. Much more has to be paid than there is money available to pay with. Even at this moment, that I claim for eight hundred thousand pounds interest due on loans in London has been answered by means of borrowed Ii money. There is no prospect, for an I1 indefinite period, of any more loans being floated. On tie contrary, the bare t mention of such a project is flouted. c Even that balance of £1,600,000, of the last four million loan, cannot be realised, although it has been antici pated by local borrowing and expended. 0 That must be balm in Gilead for DIr. t GILLIES, since it devolves on his scces- v sor to "recoup," and 1Mr. MuNno is by t no means such ao an adept in that recupera- C tive method of financing as DUNCAN. n The end of it all will be more direct taxation. Treasury bills may stave off P the evil day, but come it must, even t without those additional factors of financial disturbance and European con- h vulsion, which must have for first c results time spoiling the market for the t staple export of Australia, wool, and t making dearer money, of which cheap- g ness is the staple Australian stand by. Last night's train was twenty-five minutes t late. The new time table will not work. L The total number of cattle entered for this week's Melbourne sales is 2800. Of this 2 number 650 were sold yesterday, and the a balance. 2150, will be offered to-day. Accounts await payment at the receipt and _ pay office for J. Akeroyd, J. C. Coverdale, K. Clancy, A. Grant, E. S. Guttetidge, L. Jensen and Co., A. C. Meek, R. W. M'Bratney, T. Parkinson, W. T. Sprod. C. G. Swan, S. and A. Webb, and J. Walker. I The quarterly muster of stock on the Sale borough common will be commenced on lotnday next, and continued the three fol lowing days. The prize fund in connection with St. C Mary's Roman Catholic school has been supplemented by the fllowing generous F donations, which the head master, Mr E. SI. 3 O'Kelly, desires us to acknowledge, with I thanks :-Mr P. Brennan, Woodside, £22s; C and Mr M. Goold, Bairoadale, £1 Is. At the recent matriculation examination, D. Cotoe and A. Maedonald, of the Gippslandl College, each passed in the eight subjects I they went up for. The numerous friends of the late Mrs S Browse will regret to hear of her death, I which took place at her residence, Cauing- I hame-street, on Monday evening, at the C early age of 21 years. For the past two or I three months the deceased had not been in the best of health, and a few days ago such dangerous symptoms of typhoid fever mani fested themselves that tier recovery at various timea was regarded as hopeless, and on Monday, as stated, she succumbed. Mrs Browse had only been married a few months, I and much sympathy is expressed for the husband andl relatives in the severe I blow they have sustained. For several q years the late Mis Browse, who was formerly a Miss Duffy, was one of the employees at the Hdll of Commerce in Ray mond- street, Sale, and her kind and obliL-. ilg disposition made her a great favorite with the many patsous of that establishment. Deceased's remains will he interred in the I Sale cemeteiy this afteinoon, the funeral I procession IravinL Mr Browse'a residence at S 3 o'clock. Members of the LO.O.F., are C requested to meet at the M. U. hall this afternoon at half past two o'clock to attend the funeral. A fire occurred at Moe on Sunday night, about 10 o clock, at the residence of Edwarrd Cooper, a clrrier. His wife and only child being absent fromt home, Cooper went out at about 7.30. leaving a kerosene limp burn ing in one of the rooms. The fire (says the I " Age" correspondent) was not noticed I until a firm hold was secured. Nothing c was saved. I le damages are estimated at about £300, and the insurance is £120. The origin of the tire is attributed to the cat up setting the lamp in endeavoring to citch insects, as the night was very close, and the insects came in great numbers from the swampy land adjoining. ] Mr Thomas Jones, of Thorpe., Sale, has convened a meeting of his creditors, to take place at Messrs L ttle and Borthwick's to morrow afternoon at three o'clock. A German named John Backman, em played cutting wood for the lime kilns, was I arrested yesterday by Constable Steedman I on a warrant charging him with having stabbed a man named Johnson on the Prospect road on Sunday night. Itisall-ged that they hsdr been drinking together, and quarrelled, when Backman stabibed Johnson. Accused will be brought up at the police court this morning, and will probably bc remanded. A farm laborer named James Sheekey pro ceeded against J. F. Gerrand at the Sale police court yesterday to recover £9 5s, balance alleged to he due for work done. Mr Siaveley appeared for tie plaintiff, and Mr Wise for the defendant. There was a cross summons, charging plaintiff with hab. senting himself from defendant's service be fore the term of his contract was completed. As this summons canhl not he heard until to-day, Mr Wise asked the bench to reserve their decision in tleone case,until they heard the other summonus. ' he evidence for the plaintiff was that lie was engages by the de fendant in July last atlOs per week. After hie had worked fiour weeks, his wages were increased to 15 a iweek, and dlefendant pro mised to give hli hIarvest wagesduring har vest time. The pay harvesters received was from 2is to 30s a week. Plaintiff worked four weeks at 23a per week during harvest time, and left on Boxing Day, after having given a week's notice, defendait remarking when notice was given, "it's like all you men, leaving when work waits doing." Plaintiff, in cross examinsation, said that previous to going to work for defendant, a Mr Shugg pill him is a week for keep t ing him company. Defendant did not say that he would give plaintiff 15 a week if ihe stayed with him for six months. Defenldant Sdeposed that he engaged plaintiff-who had Sbeen receiving 5s a week previously at Mr Shogg's-at 10s per week. When one of defendant's men left, defendant asked plain. tiffif he were able and willing to take the place of the other man, and toel him tlhat he wanted himn to stay for sir months. Plain tiffsaid that he would not like to stay for six months at 10s per week. Defendant re plied "Iam not going to ask you to stay Sfor six months at 10s a week, but will give Syou 15s." Plaintiff immediately said that hie would agree to this. When plaintiff broke his agreement and wanted to settle up, defendant told him, in ordler to get rid \- of him, that he would give him 10s a week, Swhich plaintiff refused to take. He hadl I only paid plaintiff £7 and ilnt £9, as he had said. The bench, which consisted of Messrs y Little and Mackintosh, J's.P., postponed a their deoision until this nmorning, when the . cross-sumnmons would comine formally before them. The latest cablegrams from London state that Dr. Koch, who has hitherto refused to divulge to tihe medical faculty in general the r- secret of his core for connsumption and other pulmonary diseases, is now, owing to the Sgreat pressure brought to bear upon him by surgeons from all parts of the world', con. Sferrleg with the German Government as to ?, the expediency of disclosing thecomposition e of the lymph.-Distress is deeply felt in the SIVest of Ireland, where the potato crop has been almost a total failure, and assistance is specially asked for tlhose families who are Sunable to accept aid on the relief works s, started by the Government--Owing to the a dearth of employment, oand the severity of the weather, the greatest misery and dis tress prevails amongst the poor in the East SEnd of London. Thousands are on the is verge of starvation, and the anufferings f endured are appalling. Some efforts have been made to afford temporary relief, bat the assistance given proves to be wholly inade 1quate. Tenders are elsewhere invited for the par. chase of a weatherboard house. Particulars \- may be obtained from Mr M. L. Paterson, S gilmwy Park. 