THE VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. [By WALTER BESANT, the Novelist.] London, May 4, 1891. In the spring-even in the coldest spring-rone becomes restless. There is a desire to be up and roaming. Some of us, perhaps, have gipsy blood in our veins, ?which causes us to yearn "for fresh fields and pastures new when the cuckoo comes back and brings the time of the new year. That is one reason, perhaps, why I was at Eastbourne one week and at Stratford-on Avon the nest. Another reason is that last wefek was Pilgrim Week for that old town-the birthday ;week. Shakespeare was born, on the 23rd of April. It is a great week. There are performances every night.and some afternoons at the very beautiful little theatre; the.,hotels are full; -all the shops bring .out fresher examples of the photographic art ; and flags fly. Perhaps there is a dinner, but-of this,lam- not certain. It is too.early for the Americans, .so .that it is a genuine English festival. Stay, this year there was one illustrious American at Stratford. It was Mr. Henry James, and he came to see the performance of his own piece, which we hope to see on a London stage before, long. For my own part, it was Stratford re visited after a greater number of years .than one cares to count. Since then the library; and:theatre have been built, the " house" lias been carefully isolated and protected, so :that there is now .as little danger from fire as can .be secured for any building, no candle or fire, for instance, being, allowed ; there is a little museum of interesting curiosities '.connected with Shakespeare ,* there is a conduit erected by a Pliiladelphian; and there is a monument -to the poet. There is also a great deal more to look at in the old town, much more than I remembered. In the first place there is the curator-of the Museum, .who is, as he should be, an enthusiast over the poet and his contemporaries. If you show a real and,'living:interest in the sub ject he will.talk to you and instruct you. Then there is the old Grammar school; I think I,do not know anything quite so .good in its; way: as-this old school. It is built over the ancient Guild Hall, which . stands beside what was formerly the Guild Chapel, arid Js . now the Church of the Poly .Trinity. .-In the iGuild: Hall, which occupies the 'ground -floor, were held, when Shakespeare was a; boy, the plays and pageants of the Earl of Leicester's , servants. ;There are the borough, ac , counts to show this. So that ttie boy was .not. altogether unacquainted with, the ; 3tage before :he ran away-to join his . cousins, the players-;froin 'Warwickshire. ' The ..school was. at. that time,under. repair, so that rhe. was taught, .and very likely flogged, in the.Guild Chapel. The school, stands above the hall, arid is a mystery of rambling rooms arid ancient timbered roofs. .Such an.Ancient.school they have at Hull, but this .is older. ;For instance, one: room is ..adorned with-a painting of . Wo roses, the White :Rose with a red : heart and the Red Rose .with a white ' heart-,time of .the Union of the Roses [ £>nd of .Henry VII., my masters! The old .-bridge built - by -Sir John Clopton, Lord Mayor of London, in that reign also . survives ; but an iron footway at the side rather spoils the look of it. At the hotel the looms, are named after Shakespeare's plays. They pufcme into " Winter's Tale."" This seemed appropriate in a way, .and I was glad they did not give me to the '' Comedy of Errors," which was on oneside, or to "King Lear" on-the other. As for " Troilus and Cressida" that is clearly most inappropriate for a grey beard, and " Much Ado" About Nothing" would not be. complimentary to a ^literary witling. The.manager .showed, in fact, a nice ap preciation -of the situation. It is .-said that although thea'oomsare four hundred years old, they have .no ghosts, which -is attributable, of course, to "the special in terference of the bard himself. No ghosts but -his shall haunt his native , place. Very happily, Mr. -Benson's com-1 pany had the theatre, on two. of. my nights, $nd I .saw "'The'Tempest" well and beautifully performed. If it :had been only half as; well acted it would .have .been delightful, so lovely is the fable, so sweet Miranda and the sprite, so wonderful is Caliban. There are also, many things to see about ' q,nd around the old town, Warwickshire, -which vwill ibecome better known when Murray's rHandbpok to the county is pro duced--is a part of England full of in teresting places. There .are battlefields,. because the land, is mostlyiflat, and;con venient for .fighting ; ? there are -ancient country houses, such as Charlecote, the home .of the Lucy family; there are villages .filled with picturesque, old. houses ; there are-.castles, such:1 as Warwick and. Kenilworth; and there is the most beauti ful almshouse in the whole: country, the jjeycester -Hospital of Warwick, a thing, even .more .peaceful, and ..beautiful than Walker's. Why do people-run after Ibsen's plays' 1 First, I think, because they are - entirely unlike- any-other ;play ever.presented on any stage. In plot, constriction, and; dialogue they bear-no resemblance to any . other fornvof drama. Therefore, accprd ing to some people, they are good because every new ,thing . must be good. Th.en . tjhey preach strange- doctrines-as that a woman" is-justified, in order to make a fetter development of herself, in leaving $er .husband and her children to take then1 . chance. In thisytime of questioning and doubt everyone is welcome who comes along with -a new gospel, however small a > ^hing it is. There are many wom_en to r whom.the abandonment of her children by Norah, in "The Doll's House," seems a - highly laudable thing. To these ladies . anything that is natural .and old- > fashioned, such as theclinging of husband and wife together, even:after one or other '! has proved less heroic than, was at first' believed, has become intolerable. As re gards the:newest pkiyj ' ^ Hedda- Gabler," - Mr.'George'Moore seenis to "have made" the best defence of it. He says that it is a tragedyrof-;impending and unavoidable suicide. Perhaps it may be .so inter preted,.and-yet---. Frankly,'I like the old ways, the. old plays, the old themes, the old faiths. The ;world (may turn from, them for a while, but; it .will- return, be cause there is nothing stronger in our nature than love, -jealousy, ambition, faith; with these -emotions as the theme the greatest work in every kind of litera ture has been hitherto accomplished, and . will continue to be accomplished. Last week we discoursed of the-narrow- t ingoftherworld. All plac.esinfact have been , brought closer together, -and that so. quickly, namely,intheispan of-two genera tions, that we cannot yet understand it. America-^which is but a - week from.us seems to most of us still a far off lari$. India, which can be reached in .three weeks instead of three months, still seems the far Cathay. Space has been divided by four at least, so that this terrestrial ball, which is set down by [geographers as 24,000 miles round, has.diraflktp aJbQ^t 6,000. This is a very great achievement, for the nineteenth century,-'and*is pro ducing certain interesting' results. - ' Le^.' us hope!.that 'as^one.Tcg^t":.£he;. ri$$qijis brought ' so . 'close, jtpgether " .wjjl." npib! squabble ,tvil . the ;:riiQre.. Meantimo ;the V shortening of ;? distance ihas'* produced ..< another?^Pho-''wdMd-;-fs widening as as, lemming .evwy .day,; : Think how . narrow it -was before America was discovered ! That was 400 years ago. Think, again, how narrow it was when Queen Victoria ascended the throne. No Australia to speak of, no New Zealand, very little South Africa, no Western States of America, no Vancou ver, no Manitoba, no Central Africa, no Borneo, no New Guinea. All these vast countries have been born, so to speak, within 60 years. The world has widened to all that extent, and there is plenty of room for further widen ing. The whole of South America is waiting for us; the greater part of Australia ; New Zealand can sustain a population of thirty millions, the Islands of the Pacific as many more ; the western parts of North America a hun dred millions. "Why-why does no great statesman propound a systematic scheme for emigration ? The whole world is open to our young men, yet no one shows the way. . The children at school should be told from the very first of the magnificent in heritance that is their own by right of their father's strong right hand; they should be taught that emigration is the enviable lot of half. How much better than to waste their time over spell ing ! There should be an emigra tion office in every town and every vil lage ; there should be handbooks for all the different colonies. Why, there should not be a single man or woman in the country in want of employment, so great is the demand for labor abroad. The sons of gentlemenare finding.this out at last, and are flocking.abroad in idaily .in creased numbers to -escape the competi tion of the. professions. .One young fel low, told me the other day'that-he wasioff to .South Africa to join .the mounted police ; .another that .he was .going to join a friend on; a sheep ranch ; another-wrote to me from New Zealand that rhe rwas clerk in. a ? store,. and doing >very .well. Wherever: they, go, they ? will leadJaappier lives rthan in the.press rand fighting > of. this crowded country where ,all. avenues are choked. One who 'is now .dead .had - a favorite scheme which I have, always, admired and now publicly propound. He .wanted every village at home >to have ,its sister village of the same, name.in. Canada or in -Australia peopled from: the home village, -keeping up friendly relations, .always receiving more of their own kith .and kin. Is not this a thing worth attempting ? .,Or is.the home sentiment .lost ? .One . thing.- is cer tain-.that those who -leave .the villages and flock into towns, do very speedily lose the old home feeling. And .their children have-no sentimentof the.kind at.all. How can a child of Poplar 01* Limehouse have any love for liis. native, place ? When we speak of happy lives, please donot .think..of nmking.a.fortune. -Money is ,not ^generally .made by the colonial farmer, but.a. life of.plenty and ease is as sured. "Besides, we must not judge by those -who .win .the great prizes, . .but by the;av.e.rage, .Thus in .the ..Church there are bishoprics -.worth ,£5,000 .a year very comfortable indeed. I But there are 10,000 curates with a hundred a year,.and 10,.0Q0 beneficed, .clergy o.ut of 20,000 with livings: less than ...£200 a year. Our : average, parson gets. one. of these .fat .and happy.livings. Or .there .are barristers who make ;£10,.GQQ .a ..year ; .but .the average, barrister -is wholly .unsuccessful and . makes .nothing a year. Or .there are.doctors.who make.£10,000 a year, but the.av.er≥ general pjactitioner lias a little country pracfcice rout ,of which..he .makes his £300 a year. And so .011 all round. " While, as for literature^-but I must tell ;.you .another time .by a single history what literature may-mean. Now, these, same unsuccessful men, had they gone .out -to some. colony which wanted their work, wojild have ,&ad.a; stirring, active life, with plenty to live upon .and . plenty to.do, fighting very likely thrown in. And they would, haw ;come home from time to time and gazed with wonder upon the . fatness of .those who have got on and the querulous helplessness of those who have not. Let us love our country with .all our heart and with all .our strength. But when there are too,many of .us let us resolve to clear out and. make a settlement somewhere else. In the Voice we do not . wrangle over politics. Therefore,.in. speaking of.free education, it is without reference to either side. Now this step seems to .me one of those which have become silently and, to the outer, world, insensibly necessary. There comes a time when .the w.isd.om of government .is shown . in recognising the inevitable. -It is. now three .or. four yeais since one, who lias taken as large a.part in ,national education, as any .man, pointed out to .me that the thing must come ; it was, he said, bound to come ; the flowing of the tide .was,shown .by-many.things ; the wholesale remission of school fe.es; the feeling ofparentsj.theexample of America; the recognition of the fact that every child should be equipped by the State with a reasonable . amount of .education ; the thing itself, he ^declared, :was only; a question of time. As ;-a-:t&x; and-.a - rate-, payer one. gr.oans ; looking, at .the measure from a higher point of view one rejoices,, for the sake of the children, whose inheri tance is enlarged by the rightvto.ia .good' education. /? ' Mr: Goschen-s estimate-of the.increased number of .pipes smoked during %st year made me curious to-learn .the total num ber. If there is an -anti-tobacco:'league'! anywhere the .figures should make the members.of.-,the league feel very -sick.-in deed. . For, my brother -smokers, .the total works. out - to sev.en thousand two . hundred millions of pipes every -year./ There it.is'.in letters. "But.oiily,loQk;atit:. in- figures-^7,200,000,000 ! an, awful' quantity .of- ? pipes ! -What . a . -pile of baccy;! Yet, after all, .it is not so. yery-much even,when divided out. "|There really are ,a .great .many- peoplein> these' island^. jTf Veitaie.^her^troubleito-.deducfc" fromthe iwhole population-first the.women, and then the boys, an,d lastly the unhapjay . men who never, smoke at all, there remains -what ? . Just tw;o .pipes, a day for every man ! Two pipes a day ! A very -mo4,est.. allowance, so much so that I must, have made too small a.deduction. . The Chancellor's statement that the . drink bill lias '.gone up by £900,000 .may' also be taken without too much alarm. ;It pnly means .sixpence a :head, taking the' whole population; a t shilling a head, faking ithe male population only; and, about eighteenpenceahead,leaving out the 1 boys. Eighteenpence is not such a great deal spread over the whole year, is it ? 