« ,J5 ' — ii.... Theatrical Topics. MIbh Minnie Palmer lias mado a groat Mb In tbo oharuotor of Nelllo Sparkle in tho ocmody ixnelcdranm, entitled "A Mite a Minuto," at Mr. H. O. Mlu.r'a th6stco,New York. The pioco in from tliu pens of Messrs- Charles J. Klein trod OiisiIoh Oooto. Tho former, by tbo vi ay, is uu linglifthmim, brothor of the uusioal crltio. Mr. Araory Sullivan (sen of Mr. Barry Sul livan) has purchased the Auslrullaa rights of Mr. Henty Aithur Jones's vorysaoooasful play, "The liiiuoing Girl," na played at tho Hay- . market Theatre, Lundon. Miss Luara Villiers will lend tho cum puny, which will upon in tho Theatre Boyul, Melbourne, in July next, under tho auspices olthu Australian Theutrio.il Man agement Oonqany, The Shakespeare onlturo Is extonding all over iho empire, and a knowledge of the " greatest Hilton's " (at ho is called in Eng land) principal works is -now oonsidsred > esaoutiiil for qualifying anybody as a membor of fairly good society. The pure dramas eojoy the stunti popularity as tho oporas based upon them. Juat now -'King Lear," a now opera by Thuddaua von Boroazioz, is in Brnnn in -oourso of preparation, and the anoient Moravian oupitul prides iiseif muoh upon boing tho Brat in the lield. On Maroh 0, tho porformauco of Ibsou'a '" Ghosts' was annoanoed at the Independent Theatre, London, mid tho remniaing perform- nnccs (raya the Queen) will take plaoo on April 24, May 20, June 20, and September II. Tho ropertoiru ooneietH of several original playa by well known English writers, and translations from Molitre, Leasing, Tolstoi, Ibson, Strind- borg, Bjerustjerne-JBjornson, Do Gonuonrt.Th. do Lanvillo, \V. G. van Nistruys, uud Bteib- tren. It is naively stated that " thoobjoot of tho Independent 1 hcutro io to glvo apooial por- formaucus of plays which bavo a literary and ortistio rgth-r than a oommsroial valuo." A number of well known Copenhagen ladies, camp: sing Fru Entrap, tbo wife of the Danish Prime Minister ; Fru aowoeius, the wife of tho Danith. Clraroh Minister ; Fra Magdalono Thomson, the eolcbrated authoress ; Fru Oarl Jaoobsen, the wifo of tbo omineat brower ; and . a great many others nnvo formod a oommitteo to colleot funds for the orootion of a monument to Fra -Ichanno Douise Heiborg, tbo famons Danish uotrpsu, who diod about four montha ago. A slatuo in marble of Fra Hoiberg was deatrcyed by thn groat firo at Ohristianaborg Gaelic in thu year 1884. It ib now proposed to bavo a reproduction mado in marblo, and it is thought ' Unit thu foyer of the Theatre Royal would bo a suitable plaoo for it. "Tbo Idlor" is a liugo auooeas. OnTuos- dny evening (writes a Loudon oorrcspondont on Murch V) there n tiro £174 in tho he. James's Theatre, whioli baa never on any oooa9lon hold moro than £L8U. Sucoess agrees with Mr. Ohnmbcrs. Moreover ho has plonty of eavoir fuirc. Perbups tho incident whiuh dolightod tbo auttiiiiuu most on the night of his weU- earned triumph was tho pretty little bow whloh the young author, after acknowledging the Sublio p' audita, gallantly made to his wife. lost people know thus the lady In tho box to whiok ho fuoed was Mrs. Obatnbors, and those who didn't guested us much from her radiant face. Tbo oheora redoubled. Tho popuia.ity af tho stylo of tho stago dancing uhicil Mies Kits Vaughuti first brought into vogue, other aooompliakod ox poneuts ol it bsii g Misses Laity JLiud, ivitio Seymour, and Kylviu Grey, is on the ir.cro svj ; and Eclrostes who liavo dUtingiii-bnd them selves in other w >\ s on tho nl i;; tiro, it appears. anxious to udd duacing to their uo oomplirhniemH. a. class bus boon to:in.'d under tbo tutorship of Miss Sylvia G.oy. It meets nt tl o L .nd-'ii Lyceum, and coiijist.H of Miss Ellen Terry, Mi-a Miriou Tarry, Mr. G ir- doD Craig, Mies Wiudcll, and others. Iaasmuoh as good cunaii g moHtie moving and posturing gracefully, all uaors and uotrcs-ies are tbo better fi.r learning it ; but one would hurdly bavo Ibought that Mi.-sliltou Turry needed uny such tuition. Perhaps, bavrovor (writes u London gossip), wo sbuli bo sarptisod by hoc iippearnnoe in » rule in wht'ili hor now aooom- pii.lniuiit— if, iuiieed, it bo now to bo.' — will eomo into play. At any rats, Miss Gray may bo proud of touching tbo foremost notices oa our stago In reply io Fanny Davenport's critiouma as to D'rnhutilt'a iutorpretation of the role of CliOp..tr->, Btruh comes out In tho following card to the publio: "I have only ono remark to make in roply to Mme. Davouport. It is this : 1 1 play Sardou and Erailo Moroau's pioao as I played it in Parin, adding no word to it and taking no word from it. Alms. Davenport bns put before the American pablioapieoo whioh had not been revised by tho authors. As to tho conception of my part, my views are oppoBod to Fanny Davenport's. Cleopatra was an amorous and doliaate woman. She had lived through the ago not because she was a groat queen, but because she won an ideally womanly woman. Bko remains a typo of lovo and witobery. Sho was not admirably beautiful— she was charming. She had a tau and slender figure, a melodious voios, and a nose dlspro. porticnal&ly; long, redeemed by iurga and languorous oyos. In flutaroh's portrait of her I ceo no traoe of tho strapping woman or tbo vMcnt amazon whom Mme. Davonport plotu. u. Satdouund Emila Morean regard ma aa their idovl Cleopatra. Mme. Davenport will permit mo to rest satisiiel with their opinion." Tbo moat important novelty of tho last wook (eayB tho European Mail of Maroh 13) has been Mr. Pinoro'fl now play "Lady Bountiful," produced by Mr. Hare at thn Qarriok. Every thing tbat comes from Mr. Pinoro's pan exoites Intercut, and everything that Mr.' Hero pats on tho stago is sure to have full juslioe dono to it, and special oare oxpondod both on the mounting and the oast. " Lady Bountiful" is no excep tion. The noting wsb flrst-rate, the aoonery .and appointments perfoot, and the- attention of the audience at once arrested and held throughout — but, notwithstanding, thero was an undercurrent of disappoint- uicut. a "something" wanting. Mr. Pinoro's skill iu presenting varied novel and striking -characters is as widely acknowledged as iB tho Wit and sparkle of his dialogue, bat it is seldom that tho framework of - bla plot is quite satis factory. In 11 Dandy Diok," for inatanoe, tho chars oterieatiou and the dialogue were those of \- comedy, the plot thatof an iU-oonstraoted faroe; in "Sweet Lavender "probability was gained at the expense of vigour and intereat, and even -in the "Profligate" a really good and striking plot was marred by a feeble and unsatisfactory oonolusion. In "Lady Bountiful " the weak spot lies in tho same direction, the construction ia looso, the action straggling, and there is on abseuco of that dominating motive that should form tbo backbone of every good plot. Tho play, .is, however, well worth seeing. 