SU [ C H E C K M A T E D A I>ceu-JL;ml Plot By CAPTAIN W. D L'ESTRANGE- The world has gone wrong with me lale-^. -so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a vomit: man about town, a member of two West end clubs, and of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle—tbe only living relative I had, excepting a halfconsin—from whom hitherto I had received a handsome Quarterly allo-.vauoe, and, as the phrase goes, Fad " great expectations." But this was not the worst cf it. I was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, I had fondly believed that I was acceptable not only to the young lady in question, but to her parents. Now, how*- ever, to add to my chagrin at finding invsclf comparatively without means, I fancied-, rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the "cold shoulder" from the father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myself decently, par tbe somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs, and keep up tbe aforementioned rather expensive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year—the rental of a small landed property bequeathed to me by my iate father. My deb!s, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them ; but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve months' income. This UDcIe of mine, my dead father's elder brother, from whom my chicf source of income had been derived, was a county squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. Tbe mischief between us had come about as unexpected as it was sudden, I had been accused of that of which I was as innobent as ababe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting in anger, it was not until my monetary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. John Mortimer, my half-consin, was a young fellow about ayear or two myjunior; but somehow, although so neqr of an age, as well as being relatives, and frequently meeting, we had nevpr taken kindly to each other. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief bad stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought bv Master Jack Mortimer, and that it should not be my fault if he were not brought to book. However, after what 1 have written, and much more, having been tbe subjects of my thoughts for some days, I determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uncle. I had been accused of gambling —of having lost upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at one sitting—which was utterly false; for whatever ny failings, the carse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, after a night journey of a couple of hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage beyond a small travelling bag and a rug. The little market town where I alighted was but five miles from the Hall, and breakfasting at the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to walk the distance, leaving my encumbrances, in charge of the landlady, to whom I was well known. On the way, and espeoialiy when I arrived at the park, the unpleasant feeling was strong upon me that my uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. Like the generality of hot-tempered people, his passion was soon over; and yet, when Gisposed, he could be as obstinate as most men, as bis brother majristrates had proved on many occasions. But io my agreeable surprise 1 was told, after my arrival had been announced by one of the old servants—a strange experience to mc then to have to send in my name—that "tbe Squire " would come to me in the library at once. Whatever feeling of hope wn.shthave been in my hernias to a reconciliation between us suddenly.left itas my ur;cleentered. His handsome aiid usually kindly oia face was dark with displeasure, and there was a cold, contemptuous glance jh his bine eyeS r as they met mine which I had never seen before. . " Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer," he said in a hard voice, after be : had closed the door behind him,"that"you have tbe effrontery to come to this house?— you, who have disgraced the name you bear —disgraced the memory of your pallar.t father, who died for his countfy—and have rommittod a vulgar crime against societv and me?" •• l fail to understand you, sir," I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. " If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me as to gambling, I repudiate it now as I did before.' In fact. I am here today to try " "Pohaw!" he interrupted. " Honest men have gambled ; and in time I might .have forgiven it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what liad passed. Bnt you—yon, a Mortimer—to stoop to forgery." " It is false," I cried—"false as the other charge 1 And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in his teeth 1" "Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds," continued the squire ; " for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." And as he spoke, my uncle took from the breast pocket of his shooting jacket a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a smallerpiece of paper. " Examine that, sir." he added, "and let me hear if you have the effrontery to likewise deny your own signature ?" I could scarcely credit my own eyesip-ht when I looked at what was written within It was a dishonored acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Ilicbard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly ao-f'pted by my uncle. «' v, Well,sir,"a^-cii he,impatiently," what have you to say ,''' " That I have never seen this document before to- day," I answered. What I" he thundered. "Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, which I ' now as well as I do my own "I do deny it!" I ad!ied, passionately. The signature is so good an imitation of mine. ,tli3t under ordinary circumstances it might deceive even myself: hut I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life." I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed; but still, as he took the bill from me, he glanced at it again and asaui with a puzzled look, for, as will presently appear, there was some confirmatory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. .Seeing that lie hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak?I added: " Will you please to tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as yon nre aware, in connection with that forced aceeptauce ?" '• Yes," !ie repli-.'d,-that is only fair. A_ understand, it was presented iu due course to the London agents of my bankers who. having received no instructions, deeiiued to pay it. On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowledge of such a draft until, to my horror, I ,'earned that it bore your signature, when, to save tbe honor of our family, I gave instructions! that it should be taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be instituted ; and the person in whose hands it was—a West-end money- lender—asserted that he discounted the bill for you, and further, that vou were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill,and what purports to be your endorsement to him." " It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments lifter, when I had taken a second glance at the forged bill. " 1 know the man by name, but I know nothing good of him. I have had no transactions with t'm—in fact, never spoke to him in mv J life." You declare this upon your honor, Gerald Mortimer ?"askefi my uncle, after a pjihB'e. "Ido, sir," I added; "and I am going PPLEMEN i b.icfc to London at once to face this rascally i monsy-lender." j "You will stay here until to-morrow," ! said my uncle, looting at bis watch. " I I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quietly." " If you please, no. sir," 1 rejoined, determinedly. "The answering of an infamous charge like this admits of no de> lay." " But you have been travelling all night, . expect," added the squire, "and require some rest, surely V' The words were kindly meant and ex pressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dogcart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning, shortly before eleven o'clock, found me at the office of the money-lender who had held the forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, I was told that he was not in, and would not be at business until the morrow. There was but one solitary clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curiously, and, as it occurred to me, as though I was not unknown to him ; and, moreover, on declining to give my name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played about his thin lips. After leaving the money-lender's office I strolled along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Bow .was pretty full of equestrians, mafcy of whom were known to me. I had been leaning over the railings for some time, but happened to turn round at the moment a carriage was passing along tbe drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable Mabel and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my affections gave me a little bow and a halffrightened smile ; but, to my disgust and anger, the gentleman vouchsafed not the slightest acknowledgement to my salutation. Considering that, if net actually an accepted suitor of his daughter, my pretentions had not been ignored, and that for two seasons I had been a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of it, offensive. However, I was only being taught the difference between an heir presumptive to much wealth and a young man with two hundred pounds a year. The following day I was to have another odd experience of life, bnt «f a far different kind. I was to meet with a case of the most unparalleled;impudence and audacity that surely man ever encountered. About the, same hour as onthe previous morning I once more called at the office of the moneylender, bill discounter, or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were expected, was immediately ushered into his private room, unannounced as toname. He was young, well-dregsed, and not bad looking, and received me with a very cool J "nod. . "When I teli you that I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer," I said, "you will guess the objectofmy visit." . " There is no occasion to give me your name," was, the cool rejoinder, " for I have too much.cause to remember it and yon. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have the assurance to show yotir face here, again after foisting upon- me aforged bill." ' .. .-. '.. "You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, "joa^now this is the first time that ever you spoke'to me in your lifej and you have the aiHtecity to sit.'there* arid "avow that I have'had transactions.witbyou 1" ? ' <3o on, my friend,retorted the feiiow, 'with an:ip8olentIfuigh. * ;, •*•".... . '* No," l adde'il, "I have nothing more to say to you. "The police are 'the. p '' parties to deal with such rast»!&%s Mark ine,' man, yon «nd ybnr "accdmpjUces in this conspiracy "shall feel the peiialties^tf the law.' You have foiged, »r connived irt the forgery, o|; both my uncle'-e .ilgriathre and mine, and you snail suffer for i£'' >f' \ • 's^iMjm^v ecoffi rijg,mbckiiife laugb'l;hat I could ; hear until Igot into 4Sie street.- \ ' . - Once clear' of his infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland ^ Yard-and plaoe tin matter in tbe hands of the' police authorities.; and I actually went som4 distance -towards Chairing Cross with that Intention in my mind. .A little thbnghtjiowcver, induced me to decide upon 4aking the advice of an .old £riend of mine before doing anything furthej. He was a maniny senior by only a year pr two—for we had been school fellows-—but one. upon Whose good offices and knowledge of the world ! could thoroughly rely.. - • '-.tv ^'.'- . Oi Tea6t)5ng hi8 chamhere mtbe Albany he recei ved me kiftdlj. Theni j^beh&e; iad listened to my story,-lie eai'd : . . . • '' A rascally bnsjh^/Cfief^ld.jmy^{bsyiind I question if your^first idea^of .'-going jidirect to Scotland Yaripwpuld no^^pgefi'li^fiij&B;' best thing you could have done/ Howiever, there will be nothing losthy waiting until to-morrow. Dine with the to-night,go v^ith me to the opera, and then you shall have my decision before -we part." "Agreedl" I 'answered; and having gone home to dress I joined my irlend later Over dinner he ; told me that he had already come to the conclusion that F-mnst see the police, ahd it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the following murning. . It was rather late when we got tp ; Covent Garden Theatre, but we were in time for tbe last two acts of the opera, and stayed out the ballet. On get ting down into the lobby therie was a bit of a crush, for there had been a veiy full house* and we had to wait for a minute or two. •'". . At length, as we were making our way out, somebody pushed against me—rudely, as it seemed—and I turned to see who was tba agressor.: To my astonishment I -discovered that the man standing nearest to me. and who must have been the perg&n; who jostled me, was the rascally moneylender with whom I had bad the interview that morning. He was evidently only waiting to see the people depart, for he was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met there wos an insolent, aggravating sneer on his face. Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent look were not, and without a thought of where I was—that ladies were almost touching me on the other side—1 struck him. Straight from the shoulder as ever it went iu my life, my right fist caught him full in the month fend he went down with a crash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some people came between us, my friend seized me by the arm, and presently we were in a handsome cab, being driven westward. " Gerald, my boy, what wiere you thinking shunt ?" said my companion when he had got me into the cab. "In the names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had tbe man done to you that you should knock him down like that?" , " Done to mel" I answered, hotly. " It was the fellow we were speaking of to-day— the rtscally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bill." " Oh, oh I" ejaculated my friend, laughing softly; "I understand it all now. Nevei> tbeless, you would have heen a wiser man if you had kept your hands off him." " I could not help it," I rejoined. " He pushed against me as we were coming out and if you had seen the sneer that was on hia face, I fancy you would have done a9 I did if you had been in my place." '• Perhaps," was tbe admission, " but anyhow we must be before him in the morning, or we may have him invoking the aid of = a magistrate instead of ourselves." The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to take us to one of the two clubs i o£ which I was a member, little thinking at' tbe moment of the terrible sight of which my friend and I were shortly to be witnesses' by going there. In the smoke room, on our arrival, we found several men, well known to both of us, and amon sst them a Guardsman in uniform who had ,been on duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. ' We had not been many minutes in the club when one of the .waiters rushed into the smoke room—a pale and affrighted look on his fate—with . the startling announce, meiit that <>ne of the members was lying, T. either rfeid or dyin-r, on a couch in the card roniii. Sjirinjing to our feei we burried in a body to the adjoining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two later met my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in the lsst terrible convulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there all was over. Apoplexy some of the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when tbe doctors bad examined the body and tbe inquest had been held. Tbe cause of deatb, however, I guessed at. that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found . . . a letter . . from my - unhappy ... cousin which bad amved during my absence. In it he cobfessed, out of a spirit of pique and reveng», to having forged my name to the bill and our uncle's acceptance of it. His accomplice, the money-lender, he farther stated, was to have the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been tbe one to Buggsst the scheme for ruining me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived In town with the least possible delay. In tbe interval the police had been at work, but their endeavors to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and bis master, so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous afternoon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favor and to my qjd position as to " expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. 