THE OSTRICH "GROUP." The ostriches as a group (using the phrase in the widest sense, to include rheas, emus, cassowaries, and kiwis) may be regarded as to some extent degenerate descendants of flying birds, in whom the wingsand'all other organs that assist in flight have been reduced to the very lowest possible proportions. They have a great flat breastbone, without any keel for the attachment of the useleW wing-muscles; and they have very smill wings, which are only of use as'sails to assist them in running ; but their legs are large, powerful, and almost disproportioned, and they can race faster than the swiftest horses. The feathers sufficiently prove, however, that they are descended from originally flying ancestors ; while, at the same time, the very character which makes the plumes so valu able as decorative objects proves ,how thoroughly degraded their structure lias become from the primitive purpose. For in ordinary feathers, especially those of the' pinion, the barbs are fastened together by means of little cross-hooks, or barbules (as, they are technically called), so as to afford ; a firm and compact surface for support in flying ; but, inthe ostrich kind, the plumes are pendant, loose, and downy, without any barbules to knit them together, and the pinions have degenerated into mere orna mentaladjuncts, chiefly of use in the economy of nature as a means of support for court dressmakers. In the emus and cassowaries, again, the degradation of the feathering goes a step further : for among these very' terres trial birds the wings have no plumes at all externally visible, but only a.few stiff horny shafts, like porcupine quills, the stumps pr relics of disused quill feathers. And over the body in general the feathers, which, are double, are very stiff and hair-like, so as; to form merely a shaggy coat or protection against the weather, with very .little suggestion left of the original purpose as para chutes in flying. , In the kiwi, or apteryx, however, this tendency to degeneration in the feathery cover ing reaches its furthest point. The existing species fall far short of the cassowaries in size, never exceeding a height of two feet ; but they are the most absolutely unbirdlilce of living birds, having lost almost every trace of the flying habit and all that is implied in it. To look at, they seem like great balls of fluff, as innocent of forelimbs as Miss Biffen herself. Their wings are reduced to mere abortive relics, and are so very small that even when you hunt close for them you cannot find them without resorting to strong measures, and cutting up the bird to prove their existence. The plumage is wiry, much more closely resembling hair than feathers; it covers the body like a coat of thatoh, and the whole aspect of the black, uncanny crea ture strangely recalls the ghost-.liko shape of many nocturnal forestine mammals. For the kiwis are essentially prowlers by night, of timid habits and r-eservod disposition ; they livo entirely on a light regimen of earthworms, which they grub up out of the ground with ceaseless effort and their long bills,and they can run as fast as many oti>crs of their family. 2^o less thin four distinct speoies of these extraordinary creatures live side by side to-day in New Zealand, where they move about like spectres in the dim twilight, hunting for food with their beaked snouts among the ferns and mosses.— | "Cornliill Thk Magazine Rifli:, of v<),rch about 120,000 have boon manufactured, has already been considerably improved upon, and new issues, to be designed officially Mark II., will possess the following advantages :—\\. The magazine will contain ten instead of seven cartridges, the ten lying in two rows of five, lying on top of each other, and coming to the action alternately, one from each of the tw-o rows or files or five. 2. The butt-pl:\to will be of brass instead of. iron, and is without a trap. 3. Oil-bottle and p.uli- throughs are abolished. 4. The. diai and aperture-sights are abolished. 5. Safety-bolt and safety-bent in thtt cocking-pjece are done away with. 6\. The foresight reverts to tho "barley corn" as in Martini-Henry, the Major Lewes sight being abandoned so, far as the foresight is concerned. 7'.. A longer s.wovd-' ■ bayonet is contemplated. To clean the ritlo the soldier-is; t» carry a piece of whipcord in his knapsack. The rifte will only be sighted \o 1,900 yards,—" Amy and 3w-y Gasettc." 