HOUSE OF RIiMMON. A STORY OF THE " BLACI COUNTRY" OP SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. -' Bi.J EANIE GWI'NNE BETTANY, Author of SAuNer SABOSN' TWO LEGAOIE9," ETC. SORCHAPTER XLII.-(Co.tIh'tUED). u lillec pardoi, soy good frieud,"said the foreigner. "It is as dark as the grave, this country of yours. I am despair to find my way to:Mr. Hackbeet's." A' The way isn't through me," responded Mr. Rinpler irately, and imagining for some reason that ho reco"nised the voice. "What do you awnt with `dr. Hackbit ? I belong to that " Well, I am come to Wolverhampton," re plied the foreigner confidentially, " to do some cobjuring performances. They are not ele vated people at all: they will not give up a room but I must pay first : and the printer, he nust not print my bills until I do first pay him. Is.--this not strange? And I am absolutely without the means to pay till I have performed. I 'm without watch, and many other things, which Monsieur the pawnbroker is in possession of, at the last place I am in ; and a kind gen tleman to whom I explained my difficultyhas told me you are agent for a money.leuding Arm." •Dimplor thought, " Hackbit wouldn't be too pleased to have his private address given," and wondered who could have done it. y' It would not matter so much5" the foreigner went on, " but I have an Incum brance with me, in the shape of a woman who if'no longer young. and no longer pretty, who, like the cherubim in your Church prayers, a continually doth cry ' " and he waited evi dently expecting pity on this point; but Mr.' RimFler only laughed. "' Isee you have never been in a like situation or you would not laugh. It is no matter for laughter, I will aeure you." S"That's all ou know about it. Why don't fou get rid of the woman ?" Shave already done so many times, but she s. a fine instinct, she. She comes again; asd so, if she were in hergrav, she would come Lgain, that woman." S"All right," said Rimpler; " you go up thatc ray," vaguely indicating, "and 11 follow Iou." "'If you have no objection, I will wait for yon. It is not inviting, that road. I have ben erywhere, but never have I seen any thing like this." \- "But 1 have an objection. You won't hurt aursell. Foreigners are always so rash." He had picked up that word in the neighbour hood. " Itf you do not object," said the foreigner, " you will be so good as to lead me to a place of safety a little further on, where I will remain while you speak with ma'em'selle." . Simpler was furious. "Confound you," he "d, what do you mean " " Oh, I thought the ma'em'sello was waiting for some one by that piece of building." * It isn't for me, at all events," said Rimpler, telling a lie. '"Oh, then, if it is not for you, I will tell qou I have spoken with her, but she is no hiiken, she." Rimpler was thinking, "How could he have goond that out in the dark ?" and said so. "There was nothing of shyness in her manner," said the foreigner, "and I did gather Strm other indications--" SRimpler decided that Dorcas should wait it tbut that night, and went on with the foreigner to' Hackbit's, where a loan was arranged. CHAPTER LXIII.-A COSTLY RELIr. The little matter of business Monsieur Pelbois had to transact with Mr. Hackbit was arranged actually in that gentleman's absence. Keziah had been up at her mother's all day, so Mr. Backbit took the opportunity of looking over all her belongings, imagining that he might diover some preparations for flight. But he wm disappointed. He found nothing in Keziah's orderly drawers and boxes but the most natural and ordinary things. Incon aistent as it must appear, he was angry at not inding what he had sought, and a resolve came into.hig mind, without his being per feetly co?hicous of it. If people put themselves : In a franie of mind to do a thing, they are mpretty sure to find an opportunity, and them islvel prepared to act. I ackbit'e opportunity came this night S$zila had retr'ned in time for supper, which a d been put off owing to Mr. Rlimpler's and > Mr. Hackbit's non-appearance. Silas and Moisieur Pelbos cainme in first, and remained in the office some time, the foreigner going away before Hackbit's return. That gentle man made a great noise in the entrance-hall when he did come, and to all appearance had been drinking again. He came in smiling, just as he always smiled when he was going to anything remarkably offensive. " Well, Rimpler," he said sarcastically, " I hope you are enjoying my wife's society." Rimpler made no reply. Kezinh bit her lip, and looked angry. ""You know the stock she comes of, mlimpler," he went on. " One of them, whoso Sqripture knowledge is grat, said somethin Sabout not gathering figs from thistles. I wish I had thought of that when I married my wife. We're all fools till we learn. I took her for a aint. You know what she is, Rimpler. Did you ever see a man so infernally sold ." Keziah fixed her black eyes with wrathful Intensity on Hackbit's face. "What do you what to goad me to do ?" said she. " Is there anything you are anxious to be jgoaded into doing'." replied Hackbit, seating himself in a chair, and tpping it up on the hind Seo?7ziah looked as if about to quit the room but she changed her mind, and satdown. She would not have done so had she known what -would follow. "Have you ever heard the story about my wife, Rimpler ?" went on Hackbit, insolently. She had a situation at Leamington, and -managed to get over the medical man in at tendance at the house, who was subsequently * 'taken up on a charge of murder. She then laid her traps for me, and here I am. Anyone might pity me.': H'ow dare you insult me so!" broke out Xzidah. She let the room, followed by inso Ient laughter. She did not appear again that ulght. A bad had been prepared for her pro ply in the spare room, since the night she had fain there on the bare bedstead. Hackbit woent to bed rather early, for him. Bat Mr. Rimpler had no notion of going to bedr He had seeo Kenrah a few days ago place a sheet of white paper under some stones. lie examined it: nothng wea written on it. Hehad-eat in his room silently for a long time, when he heard a creaking upon thestairs. Somebody was going down; of coarse it was Keuiab. He waiteds ome time patiently; but bodid not see her appear outiide.- Ie thought , hige.If, isrhe had gone to meet that fellow blGltihed be ieel arrageeneat with Eesm, • .L 1 ?, pubhq ne (?.? ? Elworthy. they must have gone round to the back of the back of the house; so he deter. mined to go round and reconnoitre. The house was quite still. I1o thought he might venture to do it. Tthe landing window lay tetween the room where Kezihh was now sleeping and the night nursery. He thought, if they were in the garden behind, heshould hear as well as see from this position. It was his habit when bhe went into a new house to try all the locks and all the windows, to learn if they had any peculiarity of opeuing and shutting. This he always managed to do in a natural manner. Consequentlv, he had' ascertained that 'the landing winuow would open without a sound, though his own would not. So he very quietly raised the window, and put his head out. ie could see nothing, it was so dark. But then, heargued, "If I can see nothing, the samodarkness renders me invisible to others, which is also something." Yes, there was some one moving below, and the soind of low voices. "I am afraid to stay in the same house with him," he heard Kezih say. "Yet if I freed myself, and went away from him, then he and althe world would say it was to go to you, which I would never do, except as now." A low voice answered, "Is my reputation worth more to me than you arc, KCzzy ? You must come to me, if you have so much reason to fear. And why not? Theselaws are men's laws, and not God's. You are mine by right. What does it matter what people say V You would gonway, far from the reach of their voices. It could not matter to you then." "If no one knew, I should know," was Keziah's reply. " 'o, I will never do that. If I leave my husband's roof, you must promise me faithfully you will never see me or speak to me again." She was so earnest that she could not but promise. But he felt in his heart he had promised more than he could perform, In the battles of the soul it is a question of 'the right, of the strongest; and love for Keziah, and desire to possess her, were stronger this time with poor E?worthy than any man-made laws. Silus, who had heoard every word of this, felt he had been having a very good time; and as they ceased talking, and appeared to separate, he lo wly began to put down the window. But something happened that made him stop suddenlyin theoperation. Somothingappeared to fly at him, and was pouring down upon him. tHe was taken so much unawares that he could not help crying out, whereupon he was seized by the throat and hair, and shaken about as if he had been a pillow: after which he was flhu upon the landing, and received the contents o` a bucket, which nearly chocked him. He could do nothing but utter inarticulate sounds. Nor did the experience terminate as yet. Suddenly he felt himself being dragged, in the darkness, along thelanding into his own room. Then a voice for the first time accosted him. It was Wilson's. "Take that fora lesson, you sneak ing eavesdropper," she said; " and tell anybody about it if you wish to"-this in a tone that showed Silas plainly she was acute enough to know he would say nothing about it. lie dragged himself up from the floor after a moment or two, and struck a match. His door was shut. He heard a wiping of something going on outside, and concluded that Wilson was wiping up the spilt water. He lit his candle, aend remembered savagely that he had been unable to utter a word or do anything, and wished he had the time over again. Mr. Rimpler slowly and with some of his ordinary manner advanced towards the glass, and looked at himself, which he continued to do foreome minutes. His face had assumed its normal brick-wall expression. At length he began: "ItemNo. 1, cravat missing: item No. 2, black mark on left eye : item No. 3, portions ot hair missing; item No. 1, shirt front torn out-as near as possible," he added ; "item No. `), large lump on back of head, can't see it, can feel enough to make up for that; item No. 0, a dreadful feeling along the vertebra,, from top to bottom, indescribable, can't see that either; item No. 7, a large piece of cuticle missing under black eye, will necessitate a piece of plaister: item N'o. 8," he said, as he began to takeoff his clothes, "every one of mythings as wet as if I'd been swimming in them; item No. 9, can feel another lump coming out over the left eye; item No. 10, an infernal headache. All this to be put on paper." 11r. timpler wrapped himself in a blanket, and wrote down his list of items in his pocket book, to be remembered against Wilson for ever, and whilohoewrote, Wilson had cleared away all the mess, and was anxiously waiting for Keziah to come in. And now that her exertions were over, and that she had had the pleasure she had longed for, of giving it to " that Rimpler," a feeling of depression came over her. She had heard Ke~iah's voice below. "Then it is true," she thought, after all. " What a pity !" and she waited and watched for Kezinh's coming in. But Kleziah was at that moment being persuaded never to come in any more, and she was wavering. But she and Rupert had heard the cry, I though they had not recognised the voice; and they thought they had been discovered. Keziahhad clung desperately to ltupert's arm and he held her firmly. " Come away, Kizzy, my dear love, while there is yet time. If you go he will murder you, now he has discovered. Why should you throw yourself into the jaws of death at ran dom, and ruin my life too, for such a villain as he is ? What could the world say against you? They know what he is. Kizzy,"he pleaded, " you are so brave, and have dared so much. Come, dare the world's opinion, and go with me. I have plenty of money. I could get a practice abroad, easily. Think, let love decide, to whom do yon owe allegiance? To thatman, who has done nothing to earn it; or to me, who am ready to do everything for your sake ? You trusted yourself to him : can you not trust yourself to me ? Think, Kizzy. all you have made me suffer. Can you imagine what my feelings must have been, to come out of prison to find the one who should havebeen true to me, though all else had failed-to find you be. longing to another? Do you not owo me any. thing, Kizzy, for loving you so after all this? But you must decide now, this very moment. Someone will be here. You must decide between him and me." And not waiting for a reply, he led her with his strong arm about her, down the garden path and out at the gate. She had been scarcely conscious of anything but the strength of what he said, till now that she was moving away. She stopped with a new strength, and loosed his arm from about her. "No," she said, " I can butdie. I will go back. loe will think all this evil against me. Ho shall never have reason. Since I have lost you, my self-respect is the only thing left to me; and would you, who say you love me, rob me of that ?" . He did not offer to take hold of her again. & streak of light was beginning to be vesible in the east, and the objects in the garden began' to be defined. "Oh !" she said, with a shudder, " it is growing .daylight; another moment and it would be too late for me to go back." And even while she spoke she fled away.and entered the houso. .As shewent she heard a 'great sob follow, and it wrung her heart. She hesitated one moment. "Is he worth this sacrifice," she said to herself, " of both our lives ?" But even whileebe thought, a voice within herbade her go back. She en tered the house. A tall figure intercepted her path It was Wdilson. "Oh, Miss Kizzy," she said, calling her .by the old familiar name in a heart-broken kind of way, " I wouldn't have believed it of you, I wouldn't." Keziab, in her old impetuous manner, flung her arms about Wilson, and cried upon her shoulder. " Do not judge me so harshly," she said. " You would not if you know all.' Wilsonwasunrelenting though crying: she was angry with Kezihb, and as yet had no com prehension of the case. " I know appearances are against me, and 1 cannot make you believe in me. But I have done nothing so very wrong." " Oh, don't make light of it, miss. It can. not be right, whichlever wayyou put it." " I know I ought not to have met him. I never shall meet him again." "It's too late to mend mattersnow," said Wilson. "I'm not the only one as has seen you to-night, and has heard all." "Do you mean my husband " asked Keziah, faintly. N No," said'Wiloon, bitterly. "You might know who it is-that Rimpler. And he will tell everything,and it will be just as bad." " Oh. Wilson. there'sno pity for me in your tone. Do I not deserve some pity V" "~You'vo been drove to it. I know. But that never counts for much. The only thing as counts is that you've done it. And oh, that I should have lived to see this day !" " Shall I go and tell my husband all about it before MIr. Iimpler can go to him ?" said Keziah, iun a tone that mightbe used in a for lore hope. Wilson hesitated. "No." at last she res plied, "Ithink not, miss. His anger might be so that he wouldn't know what he did to you, if he heard it from yon." And Kieziah felt that a stronghold of her integrity had died; for she could not say to her husband, " Ho never tried to persuade me to leave you." Some women might have said it, oven it untrue;: but Keziah could not. She feared this must come out with the rest. She would not tell part of the truth, but the whole truth, it absho mast speak. And even if she did not speak, her husband would come to her, and she would have to answer him. While they talked, the grey streak in the sky had grown larger. Wilson started. She noticed she could see Kezinh now-the outline of her figure. "The servants will be coming down," she said: " go to your room. It is a wonder they are not down before, but I have been so staggered, I had not thought of it." Keziah fled up the staircase like a creature afraidof the light, and Wilson went to Leonard, who was waking. It was soon breakfast time. Keziah had dressed herself nicely, why, she could hardly havetold forshe felt she was going to hear hersentence. 'to her great surprise, on going to the break fast-room, for it was not Xeziah to absent her. self, Mr. Rimpler was there before her, and appeared calm, as if nothing had happened. He had a black eye, and a plaster under it, which Keziah did not remember to have eoon before, and which Mr. limpler blunderingly proceeded to uoologise for, saying he had tumbled over something in his roomln the dark; he did not attempt to say what. Kezamh felt he was telling her a lie and instinctively the idea came into her mind that he had had a. tussle with Wilson, and she smiled. Strange that humanbeings are so con. stituted that, on the moments when they are saddest and rmost sore pressed, the captive mind releasesitself from bondage in spite of all con trol, and catches eagerly at an opportunity for mirth. So Keziah smiled in the depth of her trouble. A few minutes later Mr. IIackbitcame down. lie was much as usual, rude and inattentive, and aggravating. But, beyond this, nothing occurred. Was the storm about to blow over, or was its breaking only deferred? Could Wilson have been mistaken about Rimpler's ihvieg found her out? These questions puzzled IiKziah extremely, and she could not help thinking about them in spite of herself. After breakfast she noticed that Mr. Rimpler made no attempt to have private communmca tion with her husband, and she remarked this to Wilson, and said that he might not know, or, if he did, he might not be going to tell. " Have you oever seen a cat with a mouse, missi" was the answer. '"She lets it run about, and think itself free, because she can put her foot on it when she likes." " Well," said Keziah, wearily. " Only if it is to come, I wish it wouldt come quickly." CHAPTER XLIV.-JUtrAL RILEVITS JUOSLEY. That morning, when it was nearly dinner time at the house of Itimmon, Jubal and his uncle David were coming across the Old Park from the station of Jumley. I" What a heathenish place this is I" Jubal remarked to his uncle, looking scornfully around at the wretched tumble.down buildings, the literally'black road, and the great mounds of cinders, and ominous-looking holes. "Really, Ihad no idea it was half so bad as this." "Ah, Jubal," said his uncle, "we never can judge a place till we've another to compare it with. When I was a little lad, and used to carry your grandfather's dinner in a basin tied up in a handkerchief, I should have been ready to slay anyone as had said Jumley wasn't the finest place in the world. No, not that," said David, blushing slightly. "I was always more like running away than slayin anybody. But these mines," he went on, pointing with his walking stick, " weren't worked out then, Jubal, that is, all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your rather, Dorcas, and I, and the dear baby that died, we used to play of a night, at hop scotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, and we used to run over the pit-banks until it got dark. And you see that house over there, Jubal '" he said, indicating the remains of one; "nny's the time I've seen your grandfather washing what he called ' the first coat' off, out. side that door. There was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a very clean woman, and she couldn't bear to have her place messed up, she said, as soon as it was cleaned." "Well, uncle," rejoined Jubal, with a high colour in his cheeks, "I mean no offence; but for our future comfort, it may be as well that I should just say, that I am not particularly proud of having had a grandfather who worked in a coal.pit ; nor am I particularly in terested in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet; nor of games played by my father and aunt Dorcas and you. And if I bring any fellows home with me, as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, I mean no offence. But fellows are apt to look down on this sort of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather might not have been a very good man." "IHe was a very good man," said his uncle in a low tone. He was taking in with difficulty what he was hearing, and he was wounded. Jubal went on " You see, however interesting these accounts may be to members of the family, they cannot be interesting to outsiders." "But you are not an outsider, Jubal," re plied his uncle, in the same grieved tone. "Still, you see," went on Jhibal, "I never know my grandfather, which is almost equal to notbelonging to him. And," ho added, tak ing out a crgar, and lighting it, at the same time being very careful not to soil his straw coloured glove, which titted to a nicety, and wasbordered by the whitest of white cuffs, "I can't say that I know a single member of the family that anyone would like to belong to ex cept you." And Jubal glanced through his long lashes, at his uncle's face, to se the teffect of his little compliment. He saw only the troubled look. David Rimmon did not care much for compliments, and did not see them readily. But he did notice Jubal's cigar, and said to him " Well, Jubal, if I were you, I wouldn't go into your father's house smoking, seeing he dislikes it so." " I would do a good deal to please you, uncle, but I shall not come hereo to palaver my father. They are not to kill the fatted calf on my behalf, and hail the prodigal returned. And that is the kind of story he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank, if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he says I'm penitent, it shall be a direct lie, he shan't have a foundation of excuse for it. And see, uncle," he said, point ing with his hand in which he held his lighted cigar for a moment, " as you are fond of re miniszecc.s, there is the noble edifice occupied by grandmother during the latter part of her delightful sojourn in this neighbourhood." David, slow though he was, could take the impression of a tone as quickly as anyone: and he felt that Jubal had known her as a querulous old woman, it was true; but David had known her as the patient, hard-working mother of the family. He could remember' many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door, whent he had fallen down, or when some playfellow had been hitting him. He did not put all this in words, but he said with a gentle dignity which became him greatly ' You asked me, Jubal, not to speak about your crandfnther, or our chlildhood. I now beg of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom you never knew-I repeat It, never knew; for people are not themselves but someone else, when they are worn down by many grieff." " Oh, all right, uncle," said Jubal. " I didn't mean to hurt you. It's all true what you say. Iwas only jokitg either." That was just it," said David; "you were joking." They were now passing a ruined engine house; and Jubal,happeningto glance down, saw lying half-hidden uuder a rusty wheel what appeared to be a bundle of parchment. Ho tookit up, and put it into his pocket. " What's that ?" asked his uncle. " A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away." " But you have never examinedit. It might be some important document. I don't know how you are to know, if you don't examine it." The fact is that Jubal didl know wlhat it was, anddid not wish his uncle to know-that is, he knew toea certain oextent. He had re cognised his father's handwriting upon it ; that .as enough for him. Yee ; the knife h:d been to the grinder's,and had got sharpeoned; but it seemed to have dreams of cutting on its own account. Jubal, having a notion that his uncle was pondering over what he had picked up. and wishing to change his thoughts, remarked, "What an awful mess this road makes of one's boots and one's trousers !' " You can turn your trousers up," replied his uncle, looking down at Jubal's. " I turned mine up in the station." "But you see," return Jubel, in a lordly fashion, " trouser- bottoms never sit well when the've becn turned up. It quite spoils thb This kind of talk was beyond David's com prehension. But just as hoe had always thought that Joshua knoew better than he did, so now he thought that Jubal did, at least in most things. The stronger will has often this kind of effect on the weakerone. A strong wind is propelling a boat on a coarse which threatens disaster:; surely the wind cannot be at fault Why then trouble to alter the sails I The boat may be hlownupon the rocks and smashedto atomi, but what of that Y One must submit to the will of Providence. Jubal pulled his coat a little down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They were in the road where his father lived. In the houses they had to pass, people might be at the windows- Eple he had known, ad who had known when he was shabby, and used to go. about with a stoop. Boys he used to play marbles would probably see him Well, if they did, they should ose a gentleman, a fashionable man of the world, JTubal thought, who was not ruined by his father's disinheriting him who was not coming home in sack cloth and ashes to denote his repentance, but in as fashionable a suit as the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with an air and manner befitting such clothes. It was no beggar coming to his father's house to ask broadl. Jubal wont as a prince conferring a favour by his presence. The door was opened. Sarah, who had not oeen Jubat se long, could hardly keep her joy iu. She seiced him after the manner of the Black County people, not too gently. " And, oh, what a beautiful gentleman ho's growed into," she exclaimed. " Bless his handsome face." It was not until she had exhausted as many. epithets as she could think of, that she began to notice that Jubal was not so effusive. In fact, lhe was considering whether she had been cooking, and might possibly grease his clothes. He said "Oh, so it'ayou, Sarah. How do you do ?" This without a smile, and in a very con.lescend. lug way ; and he was about to pass her, when he turned bhck, aud putting his hand in his pocket, took out half-a-crown. " Here, Sarah," he said, superiorly, "you lout me half-n-crown once; hero it is. I just remembered it." Sarah stared at him in blank amazement, but did not hold out her hand-the hard working, rough hand that was always so kindly and so ready to labour to the uttermost in loving offices for those she cared for. Jubal dropped the half-a-crown into her hand, taking great care not to touch her with his glove. The touch of the cold metal seemed to make Sarah realise the truth. She flung it from her, and flung her apron over her head, and began to sob, whiloshe gasped out " No, I will never take it ; no not if I were starving. To think that I woule ha' girv all my savings for one shake of his hAnd."' -:<C Jubal flusleod, and drew off one of his itlht. fittinggloves. " Dear me," he said, " if .it'd a shake-hands.?ou want, I don't object to shaking hands ;" and he held out a haudwhito enough to have done a lady credit, but the girl would not take it. 1How many have had to suffer a like disappointment: how few are prepared for it beforehand. Our brotherorour sister goes away fron us for years, to come back again so the world says. The body returns, perhaps, but the same self never. We have said good-bye to that person for ever. Yet those who stay at home think of the absent day and night during the long years, and break their hearts when but a ghost of the lost one comes home. Jubal merely did as the world does ; only Sarah had never thought out the question. She know that for years she had lghtened his life when he was at home and miserable, that she had during the past week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And now he treated her like a stranger, and did not even shake hands with her. O simple Sarah ! with your good heart, you have made and hidden away in the cupboard an apple pasty for him ; but his tastes have changed, he does not care for apple.pasty now. Patil de jbic igrs is more in his line. You may as well leave the pasty in the cupboard where it is. But people in the Black Country don't cry usietly. T'hey do nothing by halves. And Sarah s cry brought Miss Dorcas on the scene, resplendent in a green silk. " VWhatever's this disturbance about ?" said that lady. But her eyes falling on her nephew, sha was thunderstruckby his appearance. Could this handsome figure thist might have come out of a gentleman's fashion-book he her nephew Jubal It seemed impossible. " Kow d'ye do, aunt ?" said Jubal, extending the tipsof his fingers. " I think you are too fine for such a house as this," she remarked somewhat cuttingly. " \VWe are not grand enough for such 'a fine gentle man." " Ahli," said Jubal, with a mock bow. (Sarah had slipped away into the kitchen.) "It is not to enjoy myself I have come, but to see the nakedness of the land. You see," he said, hopinglib father was somewhere within hearing, " I've not let my Scripture knowledge rust. But really aunt, you are behind the times down here at Jumley; green isn't in fashion, you know, now-not in Manchester." This was a very spiteful thrust, and it went home. "You are very rude, indeed," rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green silk nevertheless. 'I get the fashion-plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you. Well, David," she said, turning abruptly towards her brother; and a cool family kiss was exchanged. But where was Mrs. RItimmon all this time ? Will it be believed she was within hearing, and yet did not come to speak to her son ? She was half-afraid. He did not eeomto have received the others well; what would he think of her ? Jubal went into the dining-room, not seeing his mother in the dark passage leading into the kitchen. The table was laid for dinner. Jubal looked at evarvthing on the table., while his uncle and his father shook hands. Mr. Iimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to his son, and Jubal decided that he could live without shaking hands with his father; so there was no sort of greeting between them. Juba meant to speak to his father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any stranger; and an occasion came. Jubal sat down on one of the chairs, and got .up again directly, looking scornfully at it. " You don't mean to say that you've not had the spring of that chair mended yet i" he said to his father; and that was all. Dinner must come in, and Mrs. Itimmoun knew she could delay no longer; so she timidly entered the roosh, her face nervously working, and hertears ready to fall. Jubmi kissed her, and held her from him and looked at her, and kissed her gain. " The farce has begun, has it ?" said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. " No," said Jubal, standing with his arm round his mother's waist, "it has not. The farce will begin when the minister comes in to tea, and you and father act the loving family before himu." When Keziah entered the room, very pale, and looking paler in her black dress, which she wore for hergrandmother, Jabal could hardly believe it was his sister. The short, crisp, black curls were the same as- ever, but the features appeared to be changed; they were more pointed-a change due to thiness. She went first and kissed her uncle David. He pressed her hand encouragingly, and was much tenderer than ever in his manner towards her. Then Keziah went behind Jubal's chair, and, leassuing over, kissed'his forehead. "Oh, Keziah," exclaimed Juba[, starting, " how frightfully cold your lips are I" " Are they ?" said Keziah, with a wan smile; and she took her pllace at tihe table, kissing her mother as shopassed h6r. The door was now flung open, and Mr. HIackbit swaggered in, and surveyed the com pany with a leer. He gave a general nod, sat down and placed his napkin acrdos hia knees. i" Well, brothcr-in-law," said 'Jubal, across the table,? your valet has noglocted you this mornidg. Db you know. your toilot's rather defective "" Mr. Hackbit looked severely across at Jubal, and remarked with some asperty that he would rather wear no clothes at all than be dressed uplike a loll, as Jubal was. Dorcas was sitting next to him. . " Your necktie's right under your ear," she said, "and you look as if you'd been to bed ii your clothes." " And you," retorted Hackbit, looking critioally at his aunt and her get-up, " you look as if you'd just come out from under a glass shade, you do." " Oh, don't let us have any quarrelling," put in David. " What can be the use of thatl" After dinner, Jubal announced his inten tion of taking a stroll. The mother would have liked tohavebegged him to remasinwith her, but how could she dictate to this son who had grown into such a gentleman ? "Yes, show yourself to the inhabitants,"' was Haockbit's comment. " You'll collect a crowd if you go out." '"You'll ciollect abigger crowd than I shall, some day," retorted Jubal. " And really, IIekbit," he said, eying his brother- in-law with a good bit of merriment in his face. "I want to lighlt a cigar, and I believe I could do itat your nose. Have you been acting the clown, and forgotton to wash your face ?" With thlis home-thrust he went out; and Kieziah helped to clear the lable. Mr. RIimpler was to come to tea. IHe had been invited to dinner, but had made an excuse. When tea-time came he appeared. There was a marked coldness in Dorcas's mannerof receiving Mr. Rimlplor, which that gentleman could well account for. Ho, for his part, appeared to have some fine joke on handi, and laughod to himself without any evident reason several times in succession ; and at each laugh Dorca coloured. IHe was, how ever, scrupulous in his attention to her. and also seemed to take some interest in Jirbal, whom he had been led to suppose a very different sortof person. CIAPTER XLV.-Mon Brr?sn 'Tlras . SWsET. When at last the evening was over, and it was time to go home, Mr. Rimplir offered to escort Miss Doreas, which seemed natural enough; but no sooner had he made the proposal than Dorcr said, spitefully, " No, thank you, Mlr. Rimpler. I am no chicken ansdam not at all afraid of beingin the OldPark myself at night." In spit of ie, limpler did go with her; and they walked along in silence for a considerable dis tauce. At last hlisn Doreas said, snappishly, "Are you going to speak, or not, Silos r" MIr. limpler gavea snort, and said in a tone of some bitterness, " I don't remember the o:casion on which I iisked you to call un Silas. When I begin to call you Dorcas, you'll have some oxcuse." The un uenchable spirit of the spinster rose. "And U I did call you Silas, how many aliens and outcasts would be glad to have somebody to take them by the hand and call them by their Christian name." ," But I happen to be neither an alien nor an, outcast, I tell you once for all, you must drop "Oh, Silas,- " Mr. Rimpleretopped in the pathway. "If you don't drop it, I won't go another inch with you : so now you know. And another thing I should like to refer to is your manner of making signs at me before people." "And you never take any notice when I do," interrupted Misa Dorcas, "no matter how im. portaut it may be." "And I never will notice. I tell you once for all, I won't have it. Do you think I want all the world to believo we have a secret under. standing together? It was disgusting all the evening to see your eye fixed on me every time I looked your way." " And this after the way you left me in the Old Park last night!" said Dorcas, growing irate in her turn. They were on the same ground now. "I'll leave you here again if you don't mind." "Then you'll leave all that I have to com municate to you." "I don't care a d- about your communi cation." " You know you do, or volt wouldn't have taken so much trouble about it all.- 'Well, at -anyrato, I got tbhe pareryou asked me.to get, out of Josu?-'s safe." : ., " \'V1sie are they?" rosponded-Silab, now intlercstel in a moment, and betrayed, into showing it; le had not expected this. " Well, I waited here, till I was cold ald tired, last night, and I lost them; so there."' "You lost them," said Rimpler, horror. struck. "Yes, and I had them safe enough, when you came first; and you'd have hail them if it hadn't been for your going oft with that foreigner. I heard you deny me to him, and laugh when he said that I was no chicken. 1Men are bad enough for anything." aut Silas had not been listening to her last words. He was absorbed by the thought that thd'papers were lost. At last he drew a long breath, as if he had forgotten to breathe a few moments, and was making up for it. " Vell," he said," what a fool I have been." Dorcas was infinitely relieved to find it was not herself he was calling a fool. "I might know that a woman was sure to make an ass of herself in business," lie added. This somewhat spoiled the soothing effect of the last sentence he had uttered. They had now come to a standstill, both of .them. "lNow, I have a warning to give you," said Silas. "It is for your own good, not mine. You must be as silent as the grave upon this business. Do not think of telling anything to spite me, over; it would be no good. You've no proof of any kind against me, remember; and the moment I hear of your doing anything, then I shall begin. And if I ever should, you will wish you had never been born, mind that. And from to.night i've done with you; so don't get trying to see me or to speak to me. And now we are parting, I'll say another thing to you, that I've been thinking all along: and that is this. There's no wickedness you'd stop at, to get your own ends. You don't mind whom you betray. But you can't think for the future that you've done it all in the dark. I've seen my share of bad women ; but I never camne across a worse than you, in reality." Dorcas was literally thunderstruck. She could make no reply. Sie could not bolioveshe was hearing right. "And is this true, all that you are saying?" she said at length. Y Yes,.it is trie ,".replied Itimoler. " Then,"' said she, with a tragio air, "I shall throw myself down one of these old mines;" "Don t," said lRimpler, quietly. "It would be quite lost upon me. I should not try to get you out; and I should not go in mourning for you." And Miss Dorcas did not fulfil her threat. "And I am really to say good-bye to you, Silas 'r" said Dorcas pleintively. "An I never to hear the sound of your voice again, the voice that has grown so dear to me "'' " You'll hear my voice soon enough, if you interfere with my business. And really I don't think I ever did meet with such a humbug in my whole life. But I tell you, I can see through it; don't try it on with me." " rhen I will go home to my desolate hearth," said Mlss Dorcas, still in a tragical vein. "Yes, do," said Rimplor. "You'd make any he frth desolate ; and you'd turn any para. dise into a howling wilderness." "Very well," returned Dorcas, "I will leave you; and the day may come when I can do you a bad turn, andi shall do it, nevoryou fear." "I don't fear," was Rimpler's reply, " but I know it before you told me." Yet Dorcas did not move off. &" Look here," said Rimpler; " if you think by waiting you'll get me to alter my mind, you're mistaken. I shall go not a step tarther with you, and you can go home yourself." Dorcasnmoved awaywith great bitternesein her heart. But when she was out of sight, Silas lit match after match, and searched quite fruitlessly as we know he must-forthemissing papers. He scarcely expected to find anything in his search; but he was very angry, and it suited his humour to be searching. He was not alone, though be imagined him. self to be so. Jubal had strolled after Rimpler and his aunt, on pretence of smoking, but in re ality hoping to hear what terms they wore on, and to find out anything detrimental to either of them. Ho heard the quarrel, which amused and gratilied him. Ite also felt sure what the subject was. But if he had not been sure, his suspicion would have been confirmed by the search Mr Rimpler made under his eyes. Tubal did not wait to see how this search ended. lie preferred to get away while still unobserved. When he got home-that is, to his father's house-he found his mother in a violent state of agitation. * "What is tLe matter, mother ?" he asked. "Oh. Jubal, somebody has robbed your father." "Do on muean broken into the bank, mother?" "N'o, the safe, here, in the house. He's nearly frantic.' , - "'Wasitmd he?"' "=. - " o :.ppers.. -". S." Well,thny.can't matter much, unless they're bank nots,'! said Jitlial. SJibal swaggered into.the.room whereheis father was. ." " What is it you've lost 'F" -i seaid i? an i different tone.. i Papera,'? cried Mr. Riminmon, quite forgetful for the moment that he and his son were enemies. "I suppose they're not of much consequence," said ,ubal. - "They are of all consequence," cried his father. "I tell you unless I can gain possession of those papers I'm ruined-ruined-do you hear, Jubal --ruined." "They must be funny kinds of papers, I should think," said Jinbal. "Juba-," said Davidt who was as white as his brother, " is this a timune to talk like that?" " Whoen were they stolen ?" Jubal asked his father. "To-day?" " Oh, no; I've had the key in my possession all day." .. - "Lock picked, I suppose, then." " No, the lock has not been picked," said the father, despairingly. " Then how do you ascunot for it?" " Yesterday I dropped my key accidentally; it must have been used by someone." "Well," said J.bhal with mock sympathy, "it isn't a pleasant thing to have lost papers that compromise you. You may never find out where they are: and it's like a swordhang ing over your head by a hair, isn't it, father Y" Every word stalbed Mr. Rlimmon. Who knew their weight so well as he did?. "Oh," he said, turning to his brother with atouch of very real feeooling, "how I wisah I'd stuck to my bank, David, and kept everything square." " I wish thee hadst," replied I)avid, falling into his dialect in his emotion. " Jubali," went on his father, with such a real ring in his tone that Jubal was startled, "I've not trained you well, heaven knows." "Earth knows it, too," put in .Tubal. The father took no notice, buit went on in a most solemn tone. "But you are young, and need never come to be what I am. You've often heard me quote Scripture, Jubal." "Too often." said Jubal. " Well, you shall hear some more, Jubnal, though it may be the last, and it's the truest in all the Bible. 'The way of treanuogreesors is hard.'" David was quite overcome, and hid his face in his hands; Jubal felt no kindling of sym "Uion't tako any inotice of him, uncls,'" ha said contemptuously: " ho's only making out." "Making out!" cried the elder man, in an agonised tone. "That is likely, that is! I meant to set it all right, and to give up the other business." It was the first time the "other business" had ever been alluded to between the brothers. "And now I've no chance." Half an hour later, when Joshua was alene, he bitterly regretted having exposed himself in this manner, and he would have regretted it still more had he known that the son before whom Ihe had committed himself had the mime ing papers at that very moment in his posses. ston, and gloried in it. Joshua had been a hard tyrant to Jubal when .Tabul was a boy, and now that Jubal was independent of him he showed no disposition to heap coals of fire on his father's hoead by returning good for.evil. Had this view of the case been put to Jubal, he would probably have said, so great was his hatred to his father, that he would have pre ferred to heap coals of-fire under his father's feet and burn him to ashes. The slave makes a terrible slave-driver when his chance comes. His master may have known limits; he knows none. So while Joshua tossed that night upon his pillow in an agony, for the time being, of remorse, his son lay awake, too, for very joy. He had got his father in his power. CHAPTER XLVI.-DEATrn BErOnE DIS S OHONOUR. The snow had been falling.all the evening, sometimes slightly, sometimes more thickly. It was falling when the different companies went home from the house of Rimmon. TWhen Thomas Backbit and Keziah had got outside the house, he said to her " You are a very fair actress, Keziah, but I can beat you in acting." Keziah turned her face towards him in. stinctively, though she could not see him, not to miss what he should say next. " You have kept your eyes open very well, considering you were up all last night. But don't you think I have, considering that I was up; too? Should you like to know where I was Kat sight, Keziuh ?" ,. ý,a roplistl in u atiOd manneris ' "But I6Bltell,,tel. you, w~ etlor ouawish to hear or not. I ,passed the- night i3~qy ' garden, Kleziah." IKeziah could not bear to have it broken to her thus. She would do it herself, and have it over the iore quickly. The quiet tone in which he was speaking filled her with infinite dread. Of course he know everything. Well, there was no help for it. " You may as well say it at once; you saw us, and nou heard everything." " Yes," he echoed,' I saw you, and I heard everything." "Then, Thomas," she said, putting both of her hands on his arm, and forcing him to stop,. "you heard me refuse to go. 'that is better than anything I could have told you, if you heard it." This seemed to lighten her load fcr the moment, At least he had not to take her word for it; he had heard her himself. "I know," she went on with great fervour, "how wrong I have been, I know it myself, if you do not say it; but I at least stopped short, aid -," she continued beginning to cry bitterly, " I was so miserable." Kezoah had made a mistake in using this last expression. Hackbit had been in love with her in a certain way, perhaps was so still; and it does not smooth a man's temper for his wife to tell him, by way of excuse, that she has been led into seeking the company of another man because he, forsooth, has made her miserable. It was therefore with additional bitterness that he next spoke to her. " Don't try that on with me, Koeziah," he said, shaking her. off. " Nothing you can say will alter my decision." Then he had arrived at some decision, Keziah thought, her heart failing her. She did not attempt to imagine what it could be; she knew it must be the worst for her, whatever it was. "It is not last night alone that you have met that man, Keziah. I know all about it, and I've determined that, come what may in con sequence-mark my words, came what may yCu shall never eater my house again." The full sense of the words could hardly strike Keziah in a moment. Could he mean that she was to have no shelter that night that she was to be shut out of house and home, like some vile creature who deserved no better ? As she made no reply, he asked her, "Do you understand i" They had walked on, and were now standing before their own house. "You cannot mean it," she said huskily. "I do mean it," lie said. "Try to enter, and I will throw you back with my own hand." "But you won't separate me from my baby ?" she said, with a sob in her voice. " You care for the baby!" he said with a hoarse laugh. Keziah clung to him. "I do, I do," she cried. "Let me have him, and I will go away without a word." "And let him starve with you!" sneered lackbit. "But no, you are not going to starve," he added; "you will know where to She would not notice this. "Ho-"hi~ll'hnot starve; I would not let him starve." "And so you think I would let him eat that man's bread ?" said IIacbit sarcastically. "Oh, I can't make you believe me, if you won't," said Keziah; "it would not be that man's bread; but lie should not starve." " And in any case," went on HIackbit, "do you think I should let my child starve?" But you would let me starve." "You are different, and you know where to go." g" I'm his mother," pleaded Keziah faintly. " We've talked enough," was the reply. "Away with you;" and he pushed some money into her hand, a few coins. She flung them from her, and the snow covered them. In a flash, it seemed, he was gone, and the door was shut, and she heard it barred. Excited to frenzy, she felt like ringing the bell violently, and rebelling against thi sudden expulsion ; and she stood and gazed, she could not have told how long, at the house. At list she was conscious of someone approach ing her; It was Silas Rimpler. She moved away, and ho did not see her. She heard Li,a ring the bell. She heard the door unbolted. It was opened, and a flood of light shot across the show.covered path. Should she make a sudden bauhd, and be within that light and warmth, and beg him on her knees to let her remain with her baby? No, it could be of no use; nothini could be of any use now. The door was shut, and again she heard the bolts. S-till she waited, till at last lights shone out from the windows of her husband's and Mr. Rimpler's bedrooms. Then these lights went out, and all was dark. The snow began to fall faster. Keziah felt she must do something for herself now. lut theonly thing ihat suggested itself was tb g round'to thghback of the house, through the gardengate,and look for the night-nursery light. That was out. "Thoy believe I am staying at mother's for the night,"she thought. "They little kni?ow. I am shiverng out here." What a grim satire it seemed. She was standing on the spot where, last night, she had listened, with so much hidden longing in her heart, to an appeal to leave the place. Tl'o night she could not enter again if she would. She passed out atthe garden gate again. She could not stay there, it was clear. Go to her fiuther' she would not. No, she must walk on, as far away as she could, before morning. She would write to her mother. But the roads were bad, and walking was difficult. When once outside the gate, she had turned and thrown saose kisses towards the window where the little Leonard was asleep. "At least he will not ill-treat the child," she thought; and that was something. She lhad got a little housekeeping money in her pocket. She could go on'a few days till shoe should get something to do. She trudged patiently along the road, which grew darker. She know wher she was going, and kept her direction; it was to Wolverhampton. She knew of a women there who kept a registry office for servants. She had got servants for her. She would go to her, and get a temporary lodging while she could plan what to do. The womai had always seemed kind and pleasant; and this was the only person Kiezah could think of that she would be willing to go to. It was a long, weary swalk, and Keziah had notmadernuch headway whenshelo was conscious of being followed. She stopped a moment and listened. No one was following her. Yet as soon as she began to walk again, she heard the footsteps after her. Some furnaces were lighting up the way ahead of her, now. She must pness the glow ; so must the one who was following her. It is a horrible feeling, that of being followed in the darkness, anrd only those who have experienced it can know how horrible. Along a BDack Country road this is especially true. There is a grimness about the road, the boundaries of which aro so often black mounds, or dark, stagnant waters. To be followed on such a road is worse than to be followed on a decent high road with inoffensive hed'es on either side. Koezlah felt this to the full, in her excited con dition. It was one horror more added to the rest. Besides, It is almosta necessity fora Black Countryperson born and bred to haveo..aome trace of superstition, so called; anditdidalarm Kesiah allthe more that the footsteps ceased when she listened to them. She walked on bravely,and was gettingnearerand nearer tothbe light of the foundries. But then the clanging of the iron made it almost imposasible for her to hear the footsteps.' 9he clung to thehope that ehe bshould see who it was when they both puased the light of the foundry. And now she herself was In the full glare, and her ears were deafened by the noise. A thought etruck her. "Perhaps the thing that is following me may wait till I am out of sight before passing ;" and she, who had often traversed the road before, knew by experience that there were miles of dark, deserted road beyond this one light. Opposite the foundry was a tumble-down cottage, one of manysueh, .deserted and left to ruin when those Who had occupied them had migrated. She would hide herself a moment in this place; and perhaps the thine that was following her would pass before her eyes. Once inside the cottage, she placed herself in the shadow near where a window had been, but where now not even a frame existed. She could see the road, and she could see the foundry. She moved a little farther, for no particular reason, and something sprang upon her with an unearthly sound, All sensation stopped within her for a moment, and then her heart gave a groeat thump that nearly shook. her. Site saw what had startled her, for it was crossing the road now in the light. It was only a homeless cat that had sought shelter from the inclement weather. Still, the fright had increased her nervousness greatly. She tried to keep her attention on the dark road, with a streaklof light across it. But somehow her gaze was fascinated by the foundry, where the night-workers moved hither and thither in a terrible glow of light, being covered at times by masses of sparks, and then dragging out from between immense rollers long-lengths of red-hot iron, and carrying them quickly, and without any apparent discretion, right among the crowd of other workers, and lajing them at the side of others to cool upon the ground. These silent workers, for they were not talking to each other--how could they, for that matter, amidst the hubbub of hammer, .tho.:hissing of streams of water upon, xad.hot irpo?,"nd the roaring of the forgcs? " They eeedigslto In ai titi'e C.rdCeieid-1e:eo,--ik demons prenaring for some evil decd. int now, as she looked, something obstructed the view. It was the figure of a man along the road. IIis face was turned towards the forge, and he seemed puzzled, anid stood hesi tating. At last he walked across a black mound that separated the forge from the road, and went towards the great shed under which the men were working. lie seemed to be speaking. One man came out of the glare and he held his ear towards him, and then shook hishead and went back. Keziah felt she must m:ove on now, or be de tected. For how did she know that the stranger, whom she believed to be the person who had followed her, might not look next into the ruined cottage ? lut no, she could not move away. le was crossing the road, in the direct stream of light, and his back was in the full light; his face was in shadow. She put her hand against some of the brickwork to steady herself, and it came down with a crash. The stranger paused, and then made his way to the cottage. One of the bricks had fallen heavily upon her foot. It was extremely nainful. Everything seemed to be closing in. Te fliguro entered by the docrway, and came quite near to her, and then, in what seemed to her an unearthly tone, spoke her name. if she did not cry out, that did not proceed from any great bravery cn her pa.rt : it was frominability. Who has not in a thunder storm waited with bated breath for the next dlap and flash ? and if on a lonely stretch of moor, who has not trembled inwardly in such a storm, as crash has succeeded crash, and glare, utter darkness ? Xeziah's life of the last few bours was suech a storm as this, and at this moment her breath was bated for another crash, with possible direful consequences. Someone had said, " Keziah," but the voice was oneshe did not know. in what appeared ages afterwards, a hand travelled towards her, and touched her. Then the *same strange voice said, " Don't you know me ? I have come to take careof you." Then the bolt had not descended upon her and struck her. This was her thought at frst. But on its heels came another thought. The bolt had descended, and had struck her. She knew who was speaking to her. "How dare you follow me?" she said. " How can youhave the cowardice ? And only last night you promised me you would never eemes again. You have lied to me: you have lied to mee !" she said bitterly, the tears chasing each other rapidly down her cheeks in the darkness. A groan was the only reply to this. " Why, do you want me to hate you, too ?'' ahecried " if yIou loved me, you would care for my rpu utiation." " Oh, Keziah,'c cried her companionin heart. broken tones, " to think you should ever use such wotds to me I You have misunderstood me, quite misunderstood me." "I have understood you perfeetly," returned Keziah. "It is you who have not understood me;."-'Adlitrtrred ttb llpsi away..-But the, pain in her foot was so great, she was obliged to stop herself. "Keziahib why won't you believe me? I said I had come to take'care of you, as your father might, or your brother; that is my meaning." "Yes," she cried, passionately, "like my father and my brother! you have well spoken. DMy father and my brother would ruin me for their own ends; so would you, or you would lever have asked me to leave my husband's roof last night, and so get me turned out to. night. Yet .1 was going away, praying for youe, and forgiving you. But now you have broken your word and followed me, to take advantage of my misery, what can I say t you ? If ever there was a moment when you should have kept yourself far from me, it is now." "eziah, I would die for yoel." "Then why not do a small thing, and keep away from me?" "Keziah, that is a greater thing." "Then be a man and do the greater thing. I have done wrong, too," she said, weeping afresh, "or I might never have come to this.', "No, it was all my fault," said Rupert, gazinr with despairing tenderness at her. " Icdeserve what has come," said Keziab. "Heaven knows, that is not tare," replied Rupert. "It is I and only I, who have beenl to blame. Keziah, tell me what to do, and you shall see how I will obey you now." "Go back at once to Leamington, if you mean what you say; and show the world that I am not with you. That will be proving your love for me." " I will do it," he answered, with a sob. "But you will tell me where you are going? At leaist you will tell me that ?" "No, said Keziah, sadly : "It is right you should not know that either." " What harm could it be for you to tell Ime where you are F "' " There would be harm." "You have some money with yoti" " "Yei~s :I have some money." : "BAndwillyou take just a littloe .from me? You may return it some day, if you hlke." " Do you not understand," broke out Kezi?h hotly, " that I can have no dealings with you of any kind ?" Go back at onute you inay even now have been seen following me." He took off a largo scarf that was about his neck. " Let me give you this, ezinh. You are but ill- clad." I "How can you!" she cried, despairingly. "Why do you make mny way so difficult? Would you have me found in possession of your scarf Where is your common onse 1" "Oh, God l" cried RItupert, breaking down utterly, and sobbing. "And am I, who love you so, not to be allowed to do the least thing for you, because a cursed villainhasrobbed you from me, and ill-treated you, and shut his door upon you:" "It can do no good to talk of thatnow,'" said oediah. She was about to. pases him. He caught her by the arm, still shaken with sobs, and would not let her pass. She tried to wrench herself free. (TO cmE CO.TINUrD.) 