CHAPTER VIII.--" TILL ODYSSEUS COMES 1" Tho Wanderer laughed like a God though he deemed that the end was near and the foes within the camp and tin friends without looked on him anc wondered. Then of a sudden as Fate hung upot the turn, a great cry of fear and wonde: rose from the ranks of Pharaoh's host be yond tho wall. It. swelled and ewellec till at length the cry took the sound oi a name-the sound of the name of Hathor "The Hathor 1 The Hathor I See th< Hathor comes !" The Wanderer turned.his heud and lookec Bwiftly. A- golden chariot sped down th< slope of sand towards the gate of th( camp. A little man, withered and old drove the chariot, leaning forward as h< drove,"and by his sido- stood the golder Helen. The red star blazed upon he breast, her hair and filmy robes floated .or the. wind.' . Now she saw him-Odysseus, o£ Ithaca her love-alone, beset with foes, and a crj broke ; from her. She tore away the vèi that hid her face, and -her beauty flashec out upon the eight ot' men as the moor flashes from the evening - mists. Sh« pointed to the gate, she stretched out he: arms towards the host.of Pharaoh, bidding them look upon and follow her. ..?Then i shout went up .from the host, and thej rushed onward in the path of the chariot for'where the Helen leads there must mer follow, through life to death, through wai to .peace. ? , ¡ On the.chariot ruehed.to the gate of tb( camp, and after it the host of Pharaoh followed. The holders of the gate saw th( beauty of her who rode'in the chariot.j thej cried aloud ¡ in many tongues that th« Goddess of Love had come to save tho Goo of War. They fled this ' w ay and that, OJ stood, drunken with the sight of beauty and were dashed down by the'horses' ano crushed by the chariot: wheels; . Now she bad passed the gates and after her pouiec the host of Pharaoh. '?* . , . Now Rei reined up the horses by the broken chariot of the Wanderer, and now the.< Wanderer" with a shout of , joy had sprung intb the chariot of Helen. "And art thou come to be with mein my last battle," he whispered in her ear, " Art thou indeed that Argive Helen whom I love, or am I drunk with the blood oi men, and blind with the sheen of spears, and is this the vision of a man doomed tc die?" " It is no vision, Odysseus, for I am Helens self," she answered gently. " I have learned all the truth, and know ing thy fault, count it but ja little thing. Yet because thou didst forget the words of the immortal Goddess, who, being my foe now and for ever, set this cunning snare for thee, the doom is on thee, that Helen shall nob be thine in this space of life. For thou lightest in thy laBt battle, Odysseus. But thy hosts clamor tobe led. On, Odysseus, on ! Tbat the doom may be accomplished and the word of the Ghost fulfilled." Then the Wanderer turned and called to tho Captains, and the Captains called to the soldiers and set them in array j and, following the blood red Star, they rolled down upon the gathered foe. And ever in the forefront of the war blazed the red Star on Helen's breast, and ever the sound of her singing pierced the din of death. Now, the host of the Nine-bow Bar barians was utterly destroyed, and thc host of Pharaoh came up against tho wall that was set about the camp of tho Achoans to guard their ships, and at its head came the golden chariot wherein were the Wanderer and Helen. The Captains of the Achoans looked wondering'from their wall watch ing the slaughter of their allies. . " Now, who .is this,1'^ crieda Captain, " who is clad in golden armor fashioned like our own and who leads the host of Pharaoh to victory P'' Then a cértaiñáged leader of men looked forth and answered : " Such armor I have known indeed, and such a man once wore it. The armor is fashioned like the' armer of Paris of Ilios, hut Paris hath long been dead." j "And who is Bhe," cried the Cáptain, who rides in the chariot of him with the golden armor, whoso shape is the shape of Beauty, and who sings aloud while men go down to death?" Then the aged leader of men looked forth again and answered-" Such a one I have known indeed, so she was wont to sing, and hers was such a shape of beauty, and such a Star shone ever on hor hreast. Helen of Ilios-Helen because of .whose loveliness the world grew dark with death -but long is Iloleu dead." j Now tho Wandoror glanced from his chariot and saw the crests of the Achoans I and the devices on the shields of men, with whose futliors' he had fought beneath the walls of Ilios. He saw and his heart was i stirred within him, so that he wept there in the chariot. i " Weep not, Odysseus," said 'Helen, " for Fate drives thee on, Fate that ia cruel i and changeless, and heeds not the loves or hates of men. Weep not, Odysseus, but I go up against the Achoans for from [among them thy death comes." So tho Wanderer went on sick .at heart, shooting no shafts and striking no blow, and.after him came the remnant of-the host of Pharuoh. Now they were como over against that spot in the wall where stood the aged Captain ot' the Achoans,,who had likened the armor of tho Wanderer to the armor of Paris,' and tho beauty of her ab his sidè to the beauty of Argive Helen. Tho Captain loosed his bow at tho chariot, and, leaning forward, watched the flight of tho shaft. It rushed straight ac Helen's breast, then of a sudden turned aside, harming her not. And as he mar velled she lifted her face and looked towards him. Then he saw and knew her for that Helen'whom he had seen while he served with Cretan Idomeneus and in tho Argive ships, when the loaguer was done and the smoke went up from burning Ilios. .:. ., . : :. ; - .. ? . Again .he looked, and lo l on the Wanderer's golden ' shield he saw the White Bull, the dèvice of Paris, son of Priam, as of times he had seen it glitter on the walls of Troy. Then great fear took him, and he lifted up his hand and cried aloud-r «. Fly ye Achoans ! Fly K Back to your curved ships and away from this accursed land. For yonder in the chariot stands Argive Helen, who is ? long dead, and with her Paris, son of Priam, come to wreak the woes of Ilios on 'the sons of those who wasted her. Fly ere the curse smite you." i -Then a great cry of fear rose from the host* of the Achoans," as company called to company that the ghosts of Paris, of Ilios, and' Argive Helen led the armies of Pharaoh on to victory. A moment they gazed as frightened sheep gaze upon the creeping wolves,; then . turning from tho wall, they ruahed headlong to the ships. ' And as the sun went down the last ship was pushed off and the great battle was done. But among those on the s h ip was a man still young, and the goodliest and mightiest among all the hoBt of the. Achoans.;. Bj- his own strength and valor he had held tho ,Egyptians back while his comrades ran the curved ship, down the beach, and the Wanderer, looking on him, deemed him their hardiest warrior and most worthy of the Achoans. He stood 'upon ^he- poop of the ship and saw the setting rays of sunlight gleam on the Wan derer's golden helm. Then of a sudden ho drew a mighty bow. and loosed an arrow charged with death.' . ' ' ' 1 « This gift to'the Ghost of Paris from Telegonus, son of Circe and of Odysseus, who was Paris's foe," he cried with a loud voice.: ?.- - ?? ' ?' -' And as he cried' it, and as the fate ful words struck on the ears of Odysseus and the ears "of Helen,' the shaft pointed by the Gods rushed on, and smote the Wanderer with a deadly wound. Then ho know that his fate was accomplished and that death came upon him from, the water, as the ghost of Tiresias in Hades had fore told. ." In his pain, for the last time of all, he let fall his shield and the black bow of Eurytus. With one hand he clasped the rail of the chariot and the other he threw about the neck of the. Golden H<>len,.ivl>o-. bent beneath his weight like a lily before the storm. Thea he also eried aloud in answer " O, Telegonus,sono£ Circe, what wicked ness hast thou wrought before the awful Gods that this curse should have béen laid upon thee to slay him who begat thee ? Hearken thou son of Circe, I am not Paris. I am Odysseus of Ithaca, who begat thee, and thou hast brought my death upon me from the water, as the ghost foretold." When Telegonus heard these words and knew that he had slain his father, the fained Odysseus, whom he had sought the whole world through, he would have cast himself into the river, andthere be drowned, but those with him held him by strength, and the stream took the curved ship and floated it. away. Now the chariots of Meriamun were pursuing, and they splashed through the blood of men in the pass, and rolled over the bodies of men in the plain beyond the pass. They came to the camps and found them peopled with dead, and lit with the lamps of the blazing ships of the Aquuin usha. Then Meriamun cried aloud " Surely Pharaoh grew wise before he died, for there is but one man on the earth who with so small a force could have won s"o great a fray. He hath saved the crown of Khem, and by Osiris he shall wear it." The Wanderer lay dying on the ground, there by the river bank and the light of the burning ships flamed on the golden unnor, and on the Star at Helen's breast. " Why do the soldiers shout?" ho asked, lifting his head from Helen's breast. " They shout because Meriamun the Queen i H come," Rei answered. " Let her come," said the Wanderer. Now Meriamun sprang from her ohariot and walked through the soldiers who made way bowing before her Royalty to where the Wanderer lay, and stood speechless looking on him. But the Wanderer lifting his head spake faintly .! Hail, Oh Queen 1" he said, "I have accomplished the charge that Pharaoh laid upon me. Where is Pharaoh that I may make report to him ere I die ?" " Pharaoh is dead, Odysseus," she answered. " Ob, live on 1 live on ! and thyself thou shalt be Pharaoh." " Ay, Meriamun the Queen," answered the Wanderer, " I know all. Thou didst slay Phuraoh, thinking"thus to win for thy Lord, me, who am won of Death. Heavily shall the blood of Pharaoh lie. upon thee in that land whither I go, Meriamun, and whither thou must follow swiftly. Helen, who through thy guile is lost to me, thou wouldst have slain also but thou couldst not harm her immortality. And now X die and this is the end of all these Loves and Wars, and Wanderings." Meriamun stood speechless, for her heart was torn in two so that in her grief she forgjt even her rage against Helen and Rei the Priest. . Then Helen spoke. " Thou diest indeed, Odysseus, yet it is but for a little time, for thou shalt come again and find me wait ing." ? " Ay, Odysseus," naid the Queen, " and I al*o will come again and thou shalt love me then. Oh, now the future opens and I know the things that are to be. Beneath the Wings of Truth shall we meet again, Odysseus." " There shall we meet again, Odysseus, and there thou shalt draw the Veil of Truth," said the Helen. | "Yea,"' quoth the dying Wanderer, " there or otherwhere shall we meet again. But not yet is the struggle ended that began in other worlds than this, and shall: endure till evil is löst in good, and dark ness swallowed up in light. Oh, Helen, fare-theë-well l l have sinned against thee, I have sworn by the Snake who should have sworn by the St r, and therefore 1 have lost thee." . * . Thou bast but lost.to find again beyond the Gateways.of the West," she answered low.'" ' J-:-.',--': :?? v.; : . . . Thenshe bent down, and taking him in her arms, kissed him, whispering in his ear of joy to be and things too holy to be written, and the face of the Wanderer grew bright like the face of a God. . Then suddenly his head fell back and he was dead, upon the heart of the World's Uesire. , Now Meriamun clasped her breast and turned white with pain. "But. Helen rose, and .standing at the Wanderer's head looked on Meriamun, who stood at bis feet. ? ? ; ' "Thou foolish sister," said Helen to the Queen, " see now the end of all. He whom we loved is lost to us, and what tait 'thou! gained ? Nay¿ look not so fiercely on me. I may not be harmed by thee, as thou hast seen, and thou mayest not be harmed of rae, who would harm none, though eyer thou wilt hate imo who hate thee not, and till thou learnest to love me Sin shall be thy portion and Bitterness thy comfort." But Meriamun made no answer. Then Helen beokoned to Rei and spake to him, and Rei went weeping to do her bidding. Presently he returned again, and with him were soldiers bearing torches. The soldiers lifted up the body of the Wan derer, and bore it to a mighty pyre that was built up of the wealth of the Bar barians; And they laid the Wanderer on the pyre, and on his breast they laid the black bow of Eurytus. Then Helen spoke to Rei once more, and Rei took a torch and fired the pyre so that smoke and flame burst from it. And all the while Meriamun stood by as one who dreams. Now the great pyre was a mass of flame, and the golden armor of the Wanderer shone through the flame, and the black bow twisted and crumbled in the heap. Then of a sudden Meriamun gave a great cry, and tearing the snake girdle from her middle hurled it on the flamoB. "From Fire thou earnest, thou ancient Evil," she said, in a dead tongue ; '* to Fire get thee back again,; false Counsel lor." . ;- ; :-; -{ \ '? '?"» -. ?' But Rei the Priést called aloud in the same tongue-- , '..:> ... ¿ " An ill deed thou ha,st done, 0 Queen, for thou hast taken the Snake j<o thy bosom, and where the Snake passes there thou must follow." Even as he spoke, Meriamun was drawn towards the fire, as though by invisible hands. Now, she was on its very brink, and now with one loud wail she plunged into it, and cast herself at length on the body of the Wanderer. And as she lay there on the body, behold, the Snake awoke in the fire. It awoke, it grew, it twined itself about the body of Meriamun and the body of the Wanderer, and lifting its head it laughed. Then the fire fell in, and the Wanderer and Meriamun the Queen, and the Snake that wrapped them round, vanished in the heart of the flames. For a while the Golden Helen stood still looking on the dying flames. Then Bhe let her veil fall; and, turning, wandered forth into the desert and the night, singing as she passed. And so she goes, wander ing, wandering, till Odys- ; sous come again. , * .' ; Now this is the tale that .; I, Rei the Priest, have heen bidden to set forth before I lay me down to sleep in my splendid tomb that I have made ready by Thebes. Let every man read it as he will, and every woman as the Gods have given her wit. [THE END.] 