STOEEES FEOM THE BUSH. No. I.— THE DEAD RIDER. By Wisnxz-Bijossoji. We were staying at one of the most pic turesque watering- places in- this colonyjjTmd - while on an excursion to one of the numerous lions of the locality, ' foregathered' m& two surveyors who had first seen the place in its primitive state, and who had, in fact, helped to survey its not yet very wgll developed roads. In the evening we strolled out on the pier at that fittest of all times ' Twixt thefflotai ing and the murk,' while the sea shone pale and mysterious beneath us. It had bete, a roasting hot day ; but now, with the breeze off the sea and the damp briny feel (which, for want of a better name, I call sea-dew), . we felt chilly enough. Suddenly Surveyor No. 1 said, ' This seaweed smell is sugges tive of ghosts.' 'Why?' asked someone. 'Well,' he said, 'it's well known that ghosts are generally a compound of water — - salt water by preference — and dead bodies.' ' But there are no dead bodies about, are there V hastily inquired a lady. ' Not that I know of,' said the surveyor, cheerfully, ' but let's take a seat and I will spin, you a yarn which illustrates the theory.' We sat down, and he told us a story, the details of which I've quite forgotten, except that it had something- to do -with a church yard by the sea, and -was sufficiently impres sive at the time, besides proving his theory to his own satisfaction. But once start so fascinating a subject with surroundings so in accord, and it will not languish, but acquire momentum as far as it goes on, like the stone rolled from the bilL ' I know a true story,' said one of the ladies, ''which had eome connection -with, relations of my own.' ' That is a sufficient guarantee,' said one of her companions in a peculiar tone, while another remarked, ' Ex cuse my smiling.' Bat the lady, being en couraged to proceed, began — 'Many years ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter in the south of France. The railways were not so numerous or well managed as they are now, and the most popular way of getting to and from England was by sea. Well, I daresay you have all heard of the wreck of the Garonne. She was crowded with passen gers going home for the summer. Myunelehad taken a cabin, but being a very kind-hearted man gave it up at the last moment to an old gentleman 'whose life -was despaired of, and whose only wish was to reach home to die. This small act of kindness saved the lives of my relations. Among- the passengers was a delicate girl, the daughter of a widow, who had been Bent abroad for her health. Her mother in England, knowing she was with friends, and aleo believing that my uncle and aunt were on board, full no anxiety about her, but -was looking forward eagerlv to her return. On the night of the wreck she was awakened by a sudden light in her room, and, looking up, she saw her daughter, clothed in white, standing before her. ' Mother,' shs said, ' the diip is a wreck, everything- is lost, and I have saved only this,' touching her robe. ' What is it V asked her mother feeblr. 'Itis the robe of Christ's righteousness,' said the girl ; and gently the vision faded away, leaving the mother alone with her grief. Next day, when their old clergyman and family friend, came in great distress to break the news, the widow said, 'I know it all, but in the midst of my sorrow I have the unspeakable comfort of knowing that my daughter is ' not dead but gone before.' ' There was a pause. It had grown darker, ' and some of us were shivering- slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 (I have to number them, for though they were pleasant companions, I have completely forgotten their names) knocked, the ashes out of his unromanlic pipe, and said, quietly, ' I will tell you what I once eaw ia Queensland.' ' ' We were camped far, very far, out In the bush, scores of miles from the nearest out stations. One niffht, as we Kit rather late over the camp fire, we were startled by thp clatter of a horse's hoofs in the distance, as it were galloping madly. It came nearer, and a sudden sort of fear got hold of us. We jumped up, and tried to scatter the embers of our lire, but we were too late, and in smother moment a horse galloped into the circle, and stopped short., There was a rider on his back ; but 'wby was be bending so low, as if in ironical salutation 2 And wliy was his face of so strange a hue ? Dead '. Yes, ? stone dead. It was a corpse that sat thftt horse, and its mystery was' never solved ; for, though after decently burying- him, we made many inquiries, neither at a station, town ship, nor biish shanty did we ever hear of missing man and horse answering to the description of those two who took that ghastly ride together.' After a while '? That is not a ghost story/.' said Surveyor No. 1. ' It's a trtir story,' re torted the other. But we were all shuddering. The 'murk' h-:d taken the place of the ' gloaming,' aud with one accord we turned our backs on the sea, and went in to the music and lights. 