Sporting1 Sbots, TBt 'Tarcoola.'! Mr. Sam Cook has scratched Tiie Jester and The Magistrate out of the A.J.C. Derby. Milo, by Sir Edmund from Lancashire Lass, has been sent into Scobie's stables at Ballaratt. Che American amateur harnmer-throwpr, Quackberner, established a new l-jib. reeoad lately, hurling the hammer 134ft. 2iin. From instantaneous photographs it has been ascertained that at one recurring1 period of the trot the horse is for a tir&e; entirely off the- ground. We have seen the last of Chandler, who has won an Onkaparinga Hurdle Rice. Mr Weeks has purchased the hurdler, and he has b, en sent to India. The two-year-old coit Friday has changed hands, Mr. A. L. Johnson having sold the son of Robinson Crusoe to Mr. F, W. i'urehas for 350 guineas. Great things expected of Dunkeld whenihe first arrived in Victoria. He was a complete failure, however, and is now in work down at Wodonga, under the care of George Davis. A veritable midget among Shetland ponies has this year been dropped by a pure bred Shetland pony mare on thefarm of Mr. A. Andison,. at Uya Sound, Shetland. When four days old this little- Houynhm only weighed 27H-s. and was only 22£in_ in height.. Although so diminutive it is said to be a perfect picture in styh-,, shape, and quality. An event of' the sensational order helped to enliven the proceedings at Lillie Bridge on Monday. The well-known trotter, Tom Spring, was a starter in the Handicap Trot, and despite his age, 23 years, he occupied the back mark, namely, 22sec. behind; scratch. The old fellow battled gataely on for a mile, when he staggered and dropped dead on the track. Tom Spring was- owned for 17 years by Mr, S. Morrord.. The Lauras play their fisaal match to morrow, their opponents being the Wirrab aras. Oar boys will have to watch their play, or else they will find themselves in a* minority at the finish. The following team will do battle for Laura : — O'Neil (captain), Chandler, Hammill, Wells, Hale?, Sabine, Shephard. Swan, Gunning, Dnly. Mayfield, Borrett, Menzies, Mitchell, Green, lioDej, Branford, Lawson, Quigley, und HaveLberg; A professional runner of the first water is the Spanish'Amsriean. actress Z;)e Gayton or Zoreca Gaytoni Fopeazaro, who has laid a wager to run. in 226 days the 3}395 miles between the railway stations of the Union Pacific in San Francisco and the- Hew York Central, exclusively: on foot.. The New York Handelzetung announces that the lady asserting to have won 12,000 dollars by the transaction, has arrived eleven days before the stipi'lated.time, The imported horse Tre^eagle, w-ho was imported to Australia in 18i-9, in company with Talk-o'-the- Hill, died a few days ago near Adelaide.. Bred by Lord Faknouth in 1865, Tregeagle was by Wild Payxell from Silverhair, by Kingston from, England's Beauty, by Birdcateher, and was a go- jd performer on the English turf. Among the horses fired by Tn?gea-rle may lie mentioned Device Spectre, Wattle. Uinslopogass, Ghost, 'Delamere. Symbol. &c.; The Norwoods and Ports met for the final ti^ne on Saturlay last. Considerable ex citement was manifested in the game, as- the winners would he premiers. Both dubs sent their strongest team, into the field,. the Poets starting favorites. They started well,, and at half time had an advantage of a eouple- of goals, and none of their supporteES- thought of a deleat. It was their want of condition which lost them. the match, as it was in- the last quarter that the Norwoods beat them. The scores were, Norwoods 5 goals 4vbehinds, Ports 3 goals 4 behinds. This raakes- the winners the premiers for 1891-2. unless the Adelaides put them- down to-morrow;. 'The S A. J.C. concluded their Spring Meeting on Saturday, when there were some close finishes. The Second Hurdle Race was the first to call attention, for which Simpleton was made first favorite.. The bay son of Sir Edmund never left th-* issue in doubt, as he carried his weight, ISst.,. to victory in a canter.. A field of 12 e&tae; out for the Auction, Handicap, Lady Richmond enjoying most of the public's confidence. She failed to gain a. place, Tliomond scoring: a win. Tne Nursery Handicap resulted, in* a. dead heat for first place between Jack Robinson and Rsigamuffiu. In the run off Jack beat his opponent. Quality secured the Spring Handicap,, after wnich six started for tiie Steeple.. Vistula and Coral were made equal favorites, and the public did noi go far wrong,, as Vistula scored first place and Coral, third, Gossip being: second. Tbe-Jflympton Ii;mdicap resulted in a dead heat between Lord John, The Arab, and Tinstream. They finished in the order named in t'li? run off. 