j SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDSL | By an M.D. ! Author of "Under a Spell," "Victoria Cross | Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with a i Ghost," " Condemned to Death." Sic., &c.; 1 . j \- CHAPTER rr THE MAEQL'IS PRnenana ! Ethel Brandon was deeply hurt at the undisguised j cynicism that pervaded the whole tone of her ! brother's conversation. She dearly loved him, and : up till very recently her affection had 'hen I reciprocated. But since they had taken up their j residence in a pretty little village within a short j distance of Paris, his manner had undergone au alteration which at first was too subtle for her , powers of analysis, and it was only on this evening that its full significance burst, upon her. She realised that the old boyish love was a thing of the past, and that it had been supplanted by the callous selfishness of the grown man— a selfishness which made her aims and wishes a verv seenndarv mn. sideration when they militated against his! She ! imagined she had discovered the keynote upon which hinged his altered conduct, when he hinted that ho might possibly take unto himself a wife. She, Ethel Brandon, -had come to be regarded by her own brother as an encumbrance which lie was anxious to dispose of to the first bidder ! If this were so, his opposition to Gerald Gray was probably based upon the fact that his absence might be too pro tracted to siut his convenience. If Gerald were only j on the spot, his two thousand a year might ovcr- i come the brother's objections on the score of. in-. j sanity. #i It is curious to note how strong was Ethel's con viction of her lover's soundness of mind. She cherished a deep resentment against Adam Gray for Laving taken steps to render his nephew incompe- Knt of managing his affairs, and she had even gone the length oi refusing to visit at his house after Gerald had so mysteriously disappeared. Very few giils in her position would have possessed the courage to continue to love a man whose mind had become darkened ; yet. such was the intensity of her devotion that Gerald's misfortune raised her to that pitch of heroism which made her vow to dedicate her life to him. Under present circumstances, she, of course, recognised that marriage would be wicked, j but she was prepared to hope and wait for the j awakening of his mental faculties ; and should that ! happy day never arrive, she "would be content to | pass down the stream of life as his friend, comforter, | and soother. She had certainly chosen for herself a - j lot which seemed likely to be a dreary one, but | nevertheless it was heroic, and embodied that principle of self-sacrifice which distinguishes true love from its spurious imitation. On the morning following Ethel's conversation with her brother, the Marquis De Dijonnais paid his promised visit, and was received by the lady of the house with a quiet self-possession which ho did not altogether appreciate. He would have preferred to notice the faintest trace of agitation in her manner as she welcomed him, for this would have shewn j that his presence gave her some pleasure. But her amiability was neither more nor less than she would have extended to an ordinary acquaintance, and the ! Afjl mine t A Vl I O 1 01 A nftAw a nh'rt M4- - Uig iuaro AlbCi A OUUAO iULCAVAtfW WlUl a heart aflame with renewed love, and with a determination to break down the fair girl's insular reserve, and win her for himself. He had sufficient confidence in his own powers to feel 'dhat success was more than a probability, and, without any inordinate vanity deemed himnolf justified in looking forward to conquest, fortified, as Le was, by his many triumphs in previous affairs of ; the heart. Day by day he appeared at the Villa Brandon with tickets for the theatres, plans for excursions, and magnificent hot-house flowers for Ethei. He certainly contrived to make her life very enjoyable, occupied as it was in a constant round of gaiety, and moreover lie had hitherto refrained from saying a single word which could be construed into conveying a meaning charged with love. . This Very reticence was the essence of the Marquis's attack upon Ethel's heart, for he had gathered from Jack Brandon that Gerald Gray was not quite for gotten, and his quick wit therefore perceived a quiet friendly manner, devoid of anything approaching to compliment, was the best way of dethroning his rival's image. His constant presence, his bright lively talk, his small attentions not too pointedly performed, at last began to have their effect. Ethel unbent considerably, and her admirer told himself gleefully that the first line of defence was, carried. Shortly after this triumph he ventured on denying himself the pleasure of seeing her for three days, and when he again presented .himself, her manner convinced him that victory was certain! She absolutely reproached him for his defection — she who had never before hinted, either by word or action, that his many kindnesses were necessary to her ! He had not failed to remark that she exercised a constraint in her intercourse with him — a constraint which had been absent when he first met her in Hampshire. Then, she was a very merry, frank girl, bewitcliingly lovely, and ready to accept all the compliments he showered upon her ; but now, though she was more beautiful than ever, she appeared to have wrapped herself up in a mantle of reserve, which she only cast off to assume that of hauteur ! The Marquis, for certain reasons of his own, had not scrupled to tell Jack Brandon of his love, for his sister, and at the same time urged him : to do all in his power to promote his suit. That wic latter naa aone so, ve Dijonnais soon found out . to liis cost, for his quick mind rapidly penetrated 1 the cause of the reserve with which Ethel treated him. He accordingly seized the earliest oppor tunity of informing Jack that any attempt to drive Ethel into matrimony would prove an ignominious failure, and he begged him not to mention the subject to her until he gave him leave. This interview took place within 24 hours of the Marquis's first visit, and Brandon had so well taken his friend's recom mendation to heart, that lie never once alluded to the topic which had so nearly caused a breach be- . tween brother and sister. . . But now, after a month's incessant gaiety, during which time De Dijonnais most assiduously concealed the real state of his feelings, the atmosphere surroundiug Ethel seemed suddenly to change from ah Arctic coldness to summer's genial, .warmth.. The hard glitter disappeared lrom her eyes ; a certain contraction of the mouth,' which suggested an idea of inflexible determination, became relaxed ; even lier laughter was less distinctly "conventional and much more natural. Her whole j aspect gave one the impression that a magic wand I had swept some intolerably disagreeable remini scence out of her life, and had softened her back again into a charming girl, capable of enjoying the world to the utmost. For nearly a month her rigidly polite attitude towards the Marquis had been assumed solely for the nuroose of tparnincf him against attempting to fall in love; but, as the days sped 011, she was surprised to find that the man she was prepared to hate was only an agreeable personage whose whole aim seemed to consist in giving pleasure to others/ His mauner towards her was friendly, cordial, almost brotherly in its frankness ; liis glances contained no impassioned look, his hand never detained hers an iDstant too long, nor did his voice ever thrill with pent-up longing. She began to feel that her brother wr. absurdly wrong in imagining that this man line any ulterior motive in seeking their society, and now, ii .viug formed a correct estimate of his character a.ler a month's observation, she was assuredlv j stified in stepping out of her reserve and treating the one who had so conduced to the pleasantness of her Msit with more consideration than she had yet bestowed. Thus it came to pass that she frankly told the Marquis how dull the time had been during his absence, and whilst she was making this admission a charming smile passed over her face and lighted u ; her eyes with sucli an expression of sweetness th t lier companionwas dangerously near to betraying himself. It. cost liim a strong effort to appear calm, b .t he was a resolute man, and succeeded in mask ing his real fei I i-.igs by an assumption of regret. With consummate tact he turned the conversation into another channel, and became master of himself o; ce again. For three more days he endured Ethel's ..." t red mood with something akin to a Spartan 's j .i raism, but the sparkle of ber eyes, the exquisit..- j j grace ot her every movement, and above all the new | , Bweetneas in her voice, conquered the sternness of j his resolution, and he succumbed. | He had been dining at the villa, and was now ! 'waiting to take Jack Brandon back with liim to j Paris, where, lie informed Ethel, they intended to : pass the evening at liis club. Jack" had left tho | room to,make some alteration in his attire, and | thus the entertainment of the visitor devolved upon his sister, who, utterly unsuspicious of the volcano raging beneath the Marquis's calm exterior, most innocently added fuel to the. fire by some expres sions of regret that she would soon be leaving France and losing his pleasant companionship. Passion blinded De Dijonnais 's understanding. He mistook a few well-bred utterances, intended ! merely to convey a sense of gratitude for numerous j kindnesses, for the timid half-conscious revelation of love for himself ! He looked eagerly at her as she sat in a low easy chair in the purple twilight, with just a faint shaft of dying sunlight brightening the exquisite beauty of her features; he saw her perfect face turned towards iiim, with lips half parted upon which still lingered her words of regret ; he 6aw her figure reclining in au attitude which revealed a symmetry matchless fo beauty and grace. He saw that she was very - sweet, and gooti ana gentle, and forthwith forgot everything . except that he was alone with her and that he loved j her with a devotion which scattered to the winds | all his prudent resolves. j "Ethel!" he exclaimed softly, though with sncb j a ring of suppressed passion that she turned a j startled glance 011 the speaker. "I can keep up this farce no longer, but must speak out the secret of my heart. I know too well all my faults and short comings, and how unworthy I am of you, but I love you with a love which defies language to express Us intensity. If I have been too abrupt in my declaration, tell me— tell me at least that I may hope ? " Ethel's cheek became dyed with crimson as she listened. Her head drooped and her heart was filled with sadness at the pain she would have to inflict. She lifted her eyes, but withdrew them as they encountered the Marquis's passionate, gaze, and it was with deep agitation that she signed to liim to take a chair at a little distance. "I regret extremely mv inability to — respond to your desire," she began in a quavering voice. But the Marquis fixed upon her a look so imploring, , so earnest, so charged .with the passion of his heart, that words failed her and she hurst into tears. "Do not reject my devotion, Ethel dear ! " pleaded, her lover. " You and you alone possess the power of raising iny life from the mire. With you by my side, I foresee a bright existence and real happiness." "It grieves me to refuse 3011," replied Ethel, beginning to recover her self-possession. "You have been such a kind friend and I esteem 3011 -highly." "I have been too precipitate." exclaimed De Dijonnais. "I ought to have waited until 3onr esteem had become converted into a warmer feeling. I will 3et dare to hope that my suit may uot be unacceptable to 3011." "No, no!" said Ethel hurriedly. " Do not deceive yourself into believing that I can ever be anything more to you than a friend." "You are cruel to deprive ine of all hope," ex claimed the Marquis rising and possessing himself of her hand. "Do not steel 3our heart against me, but give me at least a further opportunity of gaining something infinitely more valuable "than mere esteem." - j "It is impossible," answered Ethel, withdrawing her hand. "A certain circumstance prevents " "Ah, tell me the circumstance;" interrupted the I Marquis impetuously. "Tell me what it is, and I | will overcome it. I could remove mountains in such | s cause as this ! " "But it is immoveable!" answered Ethel. "The image of another is so fixed in 013 heart, that neither time nor eternit3 can unseat it." " Ah, mon Dieu ! " ejaculated De Dijonnais witli extreme agitation. "But. who is this man, where is he that he can be so long absent from 3-our side ? i He is not the ardent lover that I am, if he can thus neglect you ! " "His is a sad history," replied Ethel. "But 3ou have a generous heart, and can sympathise with our mutual sorrow." ' " Is it Gerald Gray whom you love ? " asked the Marquis abruptly. "How did \ou know it?" replied Ethel with astonishment. "Your brother warned me that I had a rival who was an escaped lunatic, and who would be com mitted to an asylum on his recapture." "He is not a lunatic," answered Ethel warmly. She detected a covert sneer in the last remark, which almost destroyed her pity for the man she had just rejected. "Do not waste your sweet life in waiting for Gray's restoration to health," continued De Dijonnais. "He may never recover, and even if he did, would be liable to relapses, the fear of which would make your existence unendurable. You were made for happiness. Seize the opportunity I offer you and let our mutual love turn our world into a paradise." "It is useless to urge me. My heart and soul are no longer in my keeping." "Give me at least a slight hope that my great love may alter your feelings," pleaded the Marquis. " Your persistent appeals distress me, Monsieur De Dijonnais," replied Ethel, who began to get slightly weary of the man who had dared to fling a veiled sarcasm at her beloved Gerald. " Give me a gleam of hope, be it ever so slight ! Quick, answer me, for I hear your brother's foot steps on the stairs." The Marquis's face was a study as he spoke. Passion, anger, and even a threatening look seemed blended into one incomprehensible ex- pression as he waited for Ethel's reply. "I cannot ! " she said in a low voice. "Think again. There is yet time," he answered, glancing anxiously at the door. "There is not the slightest necessity. I know my own mind," replied Ethel firmly. "I am sorry ! " sa» I the Marquis, in atfvoice from whieli all traces of passion had departed. "You will remember some day how gentl3 I wooed you and how deeply I loved you. In all that may happen hereafter, bury your blame or hatred in the memory of my devotion." The handle of the door turned, and Jack Brandon stood before them. "I hope I have not kept you waiting ? " he exclaimed carelessly. " But I left you in good liands. Had we uot better be starting? " The Marquis held out his hand to Ethel, and though he bade her a silent "Good night," his eyes gazed upon lier with an expression that made her shudder, so full were they of relentless determina tion. "Neither he nor my brother can force me into a distasteful marriage," she mused when she was left alone. "I have sufficient courage to defy any coercion that ma3 be attempted, and that such a tiling is probable I gathered from the Marquis's parting look." She threw herself into the chair she had occupied during the interview, and thought bitterly of fc.iw sue nau ucceivea ncrseii with regard to lie Dijonnais's constant visits to the villa. Whilst thus eniplo3ed,her glance fell upon a piece of paper lying crumpled on the carpet . She stooped carelessly and picked it up, smoothed it out and read it. It. was a very innocent thing to do, yet her action suddenly changed her from quiet self-possession to an agony of despair. Every vestige of colour left her cheek, her lips became blanched, her eyes were swollen with weeping, and a horrible presentiment of coming evil swept over her like a torrent. For the first time she was enabled to interpret the Marquis's final words and parting look, for this document, whicl he had unknowingly dropped revealed the fact that he had acquired a boundless power over the fate both of herself and her brother. The document was a promissory note signed by Jack Brandon, and its value was eighty thousand francs, representing roughly three thousand three hundred pounds sterling ! ( To be continued. 