OF AT.ASKA TBE STORY OF THE LOVE OF MA BOCXAH, THE IXHIAX GIRL. On the shore o£ the great Tukon Hirer -was horn Marounah. ' She played among the wild roses on the hank?, and "when the moon rose above the snow-clad mountains across the "wide "nrer. she shuddered at the old men's tales of the flinkit ghosts, which thev were hovering in untold myriads in tho dark forests which walled in that lonely village- She was passing beautiful in the eyes of the young men of her tribe, and they wooed her persistently, hat vainly. She did not admire their strength or courage, as didhcrhomely asters. She loved to sit on some hnge rock upon the shore and dream of the stream flowing by, and wonder whence the salmon came and whither they went in then*, annual pilgrimage. Marouxmh knew tiwfr soon the tune would when she must accept a husband, and she dreaded the day, because there was hot one among the Tonng men. of her people whom she felt that she could lore. She had pfton a few rough white men who were hunt ing for gold, and her mother had hid her, they should see her and seek to buy her; as was sometimes done when the dried salmon was gone and the necessity of the Tnfltatia was very great. And she trembled as she recollected the sad stories she had heard of the fate of the mald_rus whom she had seen departing with the bLuiv. white men. Then a feeling or sadne^^toiejover her. as she heard the owj* In the rarest boiilna ££*?-2afherV house, and sre wntlsred wh^ would be her future. Her slumbers Teretipubledihct night, and she orsaa?** dead house on tiie island be besii In the "Yukon, where reposed the of her ancestors. T.Tlrft other she had more reve rence for the medicine man of the tribe than for any one else she knew ; hut she did not for hku as did the others, for she longed to know hT«s secrets, and if it had been permitted by the customs, she would not have objected to & marriage with their newly initiated wizard, who was one of her old admirers. One dav, as IMaroimah sat weaving a bas ket at the foot of the ancestral totem in front of the house, a large canoe shot around the point up the river and was followed by an other, and then another. She soon discerned -that there was a white man in the foremost canoe. Soon they landed, and the news spread through the village that the distin guished looking stranger was on hl< way to tlefarnorth, to explore the country. The strange instruments which he carried with him astonished these ample people of the "Yukon. They wondered that he did not offer them drink and show himself a beast, as hadthe other white -"ion who visited them. In company with the TndTnn who had charge of his packers, the explorer inspected the quaintly carved log houses and took notes of inpir TTuplprnpntc:, language, and peculi arities. He also attempted to obtain photo graphs, but the villagers were afraid of the dangerous looking instruments, as well as of the evil eye. and the men turned their backs, while the women covered their faces with their hands. But not so 31arounah. Although wild with excitement, she felt a strange sense of exultation as the white man caught her eve and turned his camera in her direction. He smiled when he had succeeded in photograph ing the house, with the maiden standing at ih<» entrance. But when he approached and spoke approvingly, she was dumb, and even refused the round mirror whirh he offered her. That very day her mother had told 3Iarou ™h that "Wansatah. of the beaver totem, had for her hand in marriage, and, at her protests against such a union, her mother bnfl become angry and had told her that if she did not cease showing her aversion to the youths of her tribe she would be de nounced as a witch, for not conforming with the customs. 3Iaronnah could not forget the handsome white TTKi-n ; he was always in her thoughts, *"n«1 when she next saw the stranger, as ho was -m<iVTno» bis preparations for departure, j she knew what shehad never dared to confess to herself before—that she loved. She felt a ; secret longing to go with him and to share all the pa rite of his journey to the hind of the j "RcqTttmftTTY. Then her heart quailed as she thought of the lost ones whom the thithtr hf»a taken away, while the parents gazed at the sack of Sour winch was left as the "price, : a-nd wondered how their child would fare. 1 But this wise man, with books, and scientific apparatus, and such an air of disinterested benevolence, would never abandon her, hut would take her home to his people and love her always. Then she awoke from her reverie looked with disdain on her sur roundings, from the naked children splashing in the water to the bald eagles soaring be tween her and the glistening snow peaks which had always shut her in. She felt that she could never hope tint he would notice her. she would have to marry a native, youth and Eve the hard life of a squaw. Gradually she would lose her beauty, and finally beeoine one of those wrinkled, blear eyed creatures who at crouching over the fires until they form caricatures of poor humanity. The only alternative would be the plague, the medicine maws incantations and then the dead-house, with the T'linJfits* ghosts. Suddenly the stranger, who had been superintending the loading of his canoes at the beach, turned and looked at her as she sat watching htm ; but she ran into the house In confusion and crouched behind the pile of mats- Perhaps, by some occult law, thoughts are reflected from one mind upon another. Be this as it may, the scientist began to soliloquize thu^ r The maiden yonder was attractive ; he was not a Puritan : he was to be cut off from the civilised world for two years or more ; perhaps he would never see his home again, and tic icy waters of the "north would claim his body.— Then why not follow the example of others, and take with hrm an Indian jriri, who would uncomplain ingly suffer all things and be willing drudge, while he wished it, and then resignedly rink brf/i oblivion r He whs an evolutionist, ' and believed in natural selection and the survival of the fittest. He hesitated an instant—liis canoe was ready, all his scientific iMpaHmaittt were safely stowed away. and his ChHkat boatmen were taking leave of their friends. He had decided and he approached the old woman, who was tending a salmon which was stretched on before the fire for the next meal. He found that he understood enough of her dia lect to convey his idea, which she did not seem to approve, although she did not violently repulse him. He stepped aside and beckoned to one of Lis men to come and act as interpreter. The woman turned and en tered the house on hearing a stified sob from Marotmab, wbo appeared greatly agitated br what she had orerheanL The mother galdj sharply z " See what you hare brought on us by your perversity I The people think , vou are a witch, and now the white man • would buy you and carry you off to die, as j the TTiInprg toot Toaiha last winter when the food was scarce. Ton must certainly marry WaTT^tnli -nAvf full moon.* "* The old squaw could hardly believe her when 3£arounah said, quietly : " I will go with the white stranger. I would rather burn as a witch than marry another. He is not like the miners. He will be true.*1 " Tool I" cried the mother, and struck her In her rage, as she realised that it would be bnposable to alter the inlnd of the young dreamer. ** Go, then, with the white man, and we will not ask anything in exchange. Ton have made your fate. I wish you had not been born.** She sent a child to brintr the father, and, when he arrived, she briefly informed htm 'Teri'l'ri to give 3Iarounah to the stranger. The old man demurred, hut the women rule in family affairs in Alaska. The stem? of the canoes touch the sandy tbore, and the population of the place stand like bronze statues in the clear Alaskan sun light- A few rods back the blue smoke rises from * houses, while behind them the wooded mountains rise. The scientist, as the canoe pushed off placed corn* rilrer in the hand of the old man. who, he saw. would not be the averse to taking it- It relieved his conscience, al lhousrib amid the dangers of months of ex ploration, he did not think much as to the rilcfnnt outcome of the affair. The old women said, in their guttural tone z ** -Tu?t what might be expected of suchagiri. The white man is very great, hut he will desert her like the rest/' 3£arounah sat in the canoe in a bewildered ecstasy, and, with, inbred stoicism, saw her family, Mends, and home gradually merge into their forest background. But, as she ■nAftrefl fhc dreaded kbnil and the bankshid her native shore from view, a mist 'veiled her eves, and she thought she saw the totem of her mother*s family—a mighty wooden glurfr grotesquely carved and surmounted by a raven—landing' in front of the dead house. Day by day, they floated down the en ■ chanted stream -flowing ever to the northwest Tmffl ihey could scarcely see across. the widened waters. 3ogLt after night, j their camp fire lighted up solitudes where neither Trw3?MT* nor white was ever met Inr them. would not hare envied bur Mother £re la Paradise, had she known the "sioiy. She -had realised her ideal- At tho first, all was joyoos with her. The scientist took a great interest in learning the correct pro nuucmtioii of her dialect, while notinsr the ^h-^Tbul variations.of th e w-idtdr dS'used TThnlat tongue. He t-rn-ht herEng-li^azid instructed her in jurious ways, until she felt that she was realising- the vague longings of her childhood. wLen she wished for some thing- better than her people could give her. He could find ^ no fault with her behavior She assisted him in ever possible wav, in sickness as well as in thrilling adventure. She once saved his life by swiiu m^ne to his rescue when the canoe ^. - overturned in the. rapids.. She peered him during- the rigors of the Arctic winter, where the sun did not shine for wecks. JinaHy, It became necessary for the expe dition to return. They had been in the north over a year,- and the objects of the explorer had been accomplished, as far as possible.The return journey was made In safety, and they expected to reach the coast before long. Thev were paddling tip the noble river^and3Iarou nah was supremely happy as she neared her former home. How she would look down upon those who had reproached her for "not accepting her Indian suitors 1 "Was' she not the wife of the scientist r Was she not edu cated far above tlidr comprehension r And here was her straight limbed, handsome child, looking so like Ids father 2 Her has-, band, no doubt, would have a inlghtv house and richly furnished, in the wonderful southern land of the whites. They reached the fatni1™r banks at dncTr in autumn, and Alarounah cried with joy at the thought of seeing her parents again. Hut she feared the dead house island, as she saw It In the distance. The scientist was talent and thoughtful, while he did not check her ex- : pressious of delight, as they passed the frfa-nfl and the fires of the village were seen reflected in the smooth waters. ** See - *" cried Alaronnah, looking back undera sudden impulse. " The ghosts of the TTmkits I" She gazed at the mists rising above toe dead-house, and in an agony of she clasped her babe to her bosom I and began chanting the wild, unearthly notes of a T'linkit dirge, In which the men i joined as they paddled. The demoniac cries j of the Indians thrilled the white man's soul with a nameless dread. He then realised wh<we he had been and what he had done. He had been absent from his land so Ions that he had almost begun to feel like one <5 these degraded children of the north, with whom he had been forced to associate. He began to moralise. 3£arounah roused herself, and saw that the course of the canoe was not altered, as it should have been If they were going to land at her old home. *£he looked at the explorer, who averted his face under the stars and the aurora. She spoke to lilm in English, but he did not answer her a word. Then she thought of Tonrha, and shuddered. : Hut my husband is wise and true, and he will not leave me," she said to herself. She j cast a backward glance and wondered wluch of the fires was her mother's, and then awaited^ her fate. Soon the village was lost to sight, and Harounah was speeding up the rir^ toward the white man's country, which she had never seen. _ The scientist was thinking now of the future. _He would gain fame from this exploration ; he had been -where no other white man had been before. He had been successful beyond bis anticipations. He had a canoe load of specimens of the products of that former term hm-juU-, Xow. what w-ts to be done with 3Ltrounah ? He'had thought it best not to see ber parents while tbis ques tion remained unanswered. There was hut i one coarse adrisable. according to his jud— meat. She must be detained bv willing banns menus of following him. Although she begged to know his plans for the future, he told her nothing. The country of the KoStznahoos was reached at last, and the voyagers went ashore to spend the day and night In rest and recrea tion. Jlarouunii did not understand the whispered consultation between the explorer and one of their hosts, which so greatlv con cerned her future welfare. In the early dawn the canoes were loaded as usual, and the Kootznahoos stood at the water s edge to witness the departure of their guests. Xhe great explorer stepped into his canoe, after al! the men seated with their paddles in their hands'. 3Tarounah was about to follow, with her babe on her back, alter the manner of the Indian women, when two stalwart Kootznahoos seized her by tbe shoulders from behindjand held her finnlv while the canoes glided out into the current. ^hneked with anguishasshereahsed that never agam would sho see the man she loved. But ihe^scientist did not look back : he gazed staadfa^lv np tbe river- Into bis fnfairo,Sicro bis clv-IWa Xriloiv-uica wero soon to receive him with bonor. He would write a hook, deliver lectures, and he received hr society as a liero. It is^winter in the interior of Alaska-" The am may slide along the horizon for a few inmates at niid-dav, but it is rarelv seen through the dense clouds whieh touch the snow, while the blackness of the AP.st-sr, night is something awful. Then the chillin-' ireezing dampness make the cold seem three told colder, and life ebbs low in n»n and beast. _ A village of the Kootznahoos lies buried m tne snow, and, in an underground winter bouse, stoops over her work a"j-oung Indian woman whose face betrays despair. She is the household drudge "of several related fiimihes who occupy this burrow together She is experiencing the hard lotof an Indian slave. It is true that the slaves are seldom sacrificed at bouse-warmiugs or funerals as was the custom before the whites btgan to exercise their authority: but thev are shown no consideration whatever, beyond reeeivin tbe food which the others reject, and shelter from the storms, while escapeis imposab'e. A fair-haired babe cries plaintaivelr from the pile of mats on which he lies. "With a look of smouldering hate higher eyes, the mother turns toward it and her brow darkens as she gazes upon the chad of the white man who had deserted her. It wails feebly once again, and the sound seems to goad the woman to madness. Suddenly the pent-up savagery of her nature bursts forth, and with a harsh era- she thrusts a heaw fur over the little white face and blue eves "that re mind her of the man who had brought upon her all ber misery. Firmer audyet firmer she presses, tairbc little, quivering form is stilL Slowly sho drew aside the fur and looked long at the purpled face. Tbe eyes stared dully up at her, their mute accusation sink ing through hate, and ignorance, and de spair to the mother-heart that lay deep in her nature. Then with a mighty rush the realisation of what she had done came" upon her, and, with a wailing cry, slie caught up the dead babe and iied out into the night. As the Kootznahoo fishers were returnin" l rant night to their village, they found upon | the beach the body of a drowned woman, washed up by the sea in which she had -sandy sought to hide her sorrows, and clasped m her anus ttas the' blackened face of a fair-haired child. Harounali had paid the penally of her brief glimpse of happiness. Pat people are less able to resist the attacks of disease or the sbock of Injuries and operations than the moderately thin. In ordinary cvery-day life they are at a decided disadvantage; their respiratory muscles cannot so easily act; their heart is often handicapped hy the deposit on It: and the least exertion throws them into a perspira tion. This last fact is curiously misunder stood ; it is almost universally looked upon as an actual "melting" of the subcutaneous fat, and is considered to be nature's method of getting rid of the superfluity. But this is not .correct.,-for., in^ spite, of its greasy ap pearance sweat only contains a trace of fatty matter, rarely more than .01 per cent., and this comes, of course, from the cells of the sudoriparous glands and primarily from certain constituents in the blood. A person whose limbs and body areco vered with adipose tissue is in the position of a man caxying a heavy burden and too warmly clothed. How great this burden can become may be seeu by the eifects of a sharp illness, which sometimes gets - rid of this abnormal material at the rate of two or three stone in as manv months, or even weeks. It Is, fact, the exertion causing increased circula tion in the skin, and consequently increased filtration into the sweat glands which makes the perspiration, not the dissolving of the hit which ispracricailly untouched. In endeavor hog to ascertain the reason why some people are corpulent and others not, we must realise at once that the condition is markedly here ditary. As one breed of pigs is noted for the case with which it fattens, so with men. According to statistics collected by Bouchard this congenital predisposition can be traced in 33 per cent, of stout people, and. Chalmers makes the proportion more than SO per cent. Of every 100 persons who travelled on English railways last year $81 went in third class carriages (or, should we say paid' for third class tickets), while 7*7 .were of the second, and only. 3*7 of the first class. , ; . He (tenderly); " Would you marry ; again if I*should die V " -Shet "Nottnoch." 