American Indians. , Mr. E. 11. Cunninghumo Graham, M.P., writes as follows to tho Daily Graphic under date November 28 : The special correspondent of tho Sun at Fine Ridge, Dakota, keeps us inforniod of the .movements of tho Indians now massing their forces at Cherry Creek. Glancing over the evening -papers we seo that tho .Sioux aro dancing tho ghost dance, aad learn that in tho opinion of the per spicacious correspondent the sottlcrs ox- pect to he robbed and murdered. Somo of us may say, " Confound these Indians, they ought to bo shot down." Yes, smoke less po.wdor is your tru'o civilisor after all. There is no good Indian but a doad Indian, which wo know is true, for havo not American humorists declared it, and has not n tender-hearted public iu two conti nents affirmed their declaration with a laugh. Artists wish they could be pro- sent to seo the ceremony. Thoso who, , in pursuit of money, . =ha vo.' been in the "Territory," tho whisky sellers, the Bible pedlars, the land speculators (having caught .tlio phrase from some frontier, '.man), toll us " Indians is piziu," and, ; liko :Foter, scal the lie with an bdth'. Tho general .publioc glances ovor tho'tolograms from Omaha, and hopes, that there will be no bloodshed, then turns .to discuss the recent political scandals, and the prurient 'details connected with -tho private life of party leaders,; which,- of -course, wo all know. are of vastly more. importance' than the extermination "of legiqns of heathen . Indipns!,,' Stillj there 'are few who: really realise what is going on in the snow at Cherry, Creek, .what tho Messiah ' really, is'. the; I pdians , are looking for, .and who tho , ghosts , are .who aro dancing.', A ghost dahco,.to, tho Sioux is what tho holy war is to tho .Mahomotan',"' what tho lust ; prayer (faith' ' presioat: jor .faith absent) % to. fcjiQ; CJiiriationA/iTlio , Sioux cim stand'nq more thorefore„thoy-' are dancing to tive: 1 ghosts', .of „ th'eir foro- fathers to arise und:';hqlp''-thomllagainst . tlioir! enemies. . Only.' an Indian -supor- . stitiqn. Looking for u Messiah. Waiting 'for q Lus Cases who! will never eoihe. I wonder if - the , Dritish.,public . realises- that jit' is. -tho i'Sioitx,; themselves Syhp' are jiho' ghdsts 'dancing! ' Ghosts 7 of ,a primeval race; "..(Ihosts of . .ghosts who, for 300' years, through no 'crimes: com-, .'mittckh by thomselves (oxcopt that of -being born);"if it bo not: a orimo to lovo1 ;bettar hijiriullo '.'of-''iho.:-gras8 ' ttianUtSso- shrieking . of tho -engine,' liaye' suffered. thoirIong purgatory; ;Ghost8';who" word' men. | Tho Messiah theso poor, pobplo are "waiting for, our'pbbr peoplo", iiiere in Lon don also look for. Rut both will look in vain.! Justice, will: not , como. oithor, to Cherry;, Crbeki no, nor yot to AVhiteohapel.' Tho buffalo have gpne first, thoir, bonds' whitdning;ip, lpng linba upon tho prairiosji tho oik have Tetired' into ; tho extend; ' dosdio df ;..Ordgon,' tho ho'ayer-. id" exr terminated to make jackets for tho svyeatprV, wife, the Indian must'gd1 moxt, and why not, pray? Is ho not of' loss valuo; than tho other three1?' Lot him moke place, for botter, things— for. tho drinking shop, for the. speculator,' :f or the tin church. Let liim roaliso' 'that' in the future, wljero, ho ohangdd,ihjs .,p.oI for. bcddd.dna piiwddr. twoi gills of whisky shall bo sold for a quarter. " Mon the tolinngoi iB ood"(bnt gdod,;is ' merely relative), perhaps good enough for him, but: death, indeed;' for all ghost dancers. Civilisation, porhaps, ono day : will remember thom when the civilisod Indians commercialism is creating aro dancing round tho flames of European capitals. Rut Rooky Boar and tho Littlo Wound, Short Bull, and Sleeping Water havo had enough, thoy havo takon horse, mounting light as drops of wator (from tho off-side) silently, in single filo, noyor stopping hut to squat and pass tho pipo round ; eaoh man holding his pony by tho mooato, thoy , aro marching on' Chorry Creok. . Rut the Kiowas, tho Chcyennos, ' the Arapliocs, tho Comanchos have braided : thoir horses' manes. Thoy (who boforo civilisation loved ono another as tho dwellers in Liddpsdale and Bowcusfclbdalo . did of old) aro friends. Thoy havo mounted their best horses, thoy aro coming through tho day, thoy aro coming through tho night, across tho frozon pruirio (tho. dry grass hardly crackling be neath -the', broncho's feot), thoy are passing tho whispering rod woods, coming , through tho lonoly can-, yons, marching oilontly as ghosts .on Cherry Creok, across tho lunds that . once were theirs to take counsel with tho ghosts of thoso their formor owners. Rotter that they should opme and smoke and danco, ," unnco for 10 days without food or water," hotter far that thoy should dio fighting, than by disease and whisky. Outrages they will commit, of that thoro is u certainty," but all they can do can source atone for all that" they and theirs, liuye suffered. Tricked by all, outwitted, plundered by tho Christian speoulator, butter far that thoy should die fighting, and join tho . ghosts who wont before tjiem. Tl: is I w ant the world to recognise, that even Indians'do not contemplate thoir own extermination without centuries of suffering. We might havo taught them something,! they might havo taught us uiueh ; soon they will be all forgotten, and tho lying telegrams will spoak of " glorious '.victories by our troops." Onco moro sin will lie committed in tho namo of law and progress. It is a hard case to decide on, no matter irom what side you approach it ; these men have lived; too long, bettor, therefore, thoy dio fighting. Ho ono will regret them, (but mysolf) — oxcopt, perhaps, thoir ponies, who may fool, thoir now owners' hands heavy on the horsehair bridlo. The majesty of civilisation will bo vindicated, ono moro step towards universal hideousncss at tained, and tho Darwinian theory of tho weakest to tho wall havo received anothor confirmation to strengthon thoso who ,v»nt to uso it against tho weakest hero in Europo. 