[ oíales and f ketches. KOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE THE HEIR^APPARENT. BY MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The Son of his Father," "Sir Tom," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," "Neighbours on the Grceu," "Oliver's Bride." ¿e.. etc.. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] ClIAlTER XLJJI. Agnen got lióme BO lato that alto did not sec Mary that evening. And next day there was not very much conversation between them. Lady Frogmore could see by her sister's looks that she had not very cheerful news to give. ?She said with a sort of newborn timidity, " I hope things arc better than you thought," to which Agnes made no reply but by shaking her head. It rained that day. One of those soft, long-contiuued summer rains which pour down from morning to night without any hope of change, refreshing and restoring everything timi had begun to droop iu thc too fervid sun, but shutting thc doors of the hotiscagamst the all-pervading moisture, and tusking all rambles impossible. Few thiugearu more depressing to a heart already deeply weighted than this persistent rain. Thc grey of thc sky, thc patter on thc leaves, thc monotony of thc long hours iucroascs every burdsu. Even in the happiest circumstances thc prisoners indoors long for something to happen, for somebody to come. And it may be believed that to Agnes in the fever of her anxiety every hour seemed a year long. This night or to- morrow might be the decisive time. Thc secrets of lite or death were in those slowly passing moment«, the balance slowly moving to one side or another. She went through all her so-called duties, thc little domestic tilings she had to do, thc tittle nothings that seemed, oh, so unimportant, BO futile, in face of the great thing that was about to be decided. She asked herself how could she endure to do them, to order the little dinner, to superintend thc little economies while Mar. lay dying. But had she been with Mar. what could Bbc lia ve done? Sat and looked on in thc most desperate suspense, still able to do notltiug for hint, to do nothing for anybody, to wait only till the cud should come. There came a moment, however, when the courage of Agnes failed, and she could bear it no more. She told her sister again that she had a headache, a pretence which Mary seemed to understand asking uo questions and would go early to bed. But she did not go to bed. It seemed something to sit up, to accompany the vigil of the nurse, the possi- bility of thc change with the intensity of feeling if not of presence When Agnes closed ber eyes she seemed to see thc whole scene-the room with its shaded light, the wasted form scarcely visible in the bed ; the nurse-asilciitfigure-watchingthelongshours through. She did not know that the nurse who was thc» with thc boy was one who did not hope- which was a thing which would have added heaviness to the vigil had she known it. She had not the heart to go to bed. It seemed somehow as if she were doing something .for him to sit up and count the hour» and spend ber soul in broken breaths of prayer. Oh, how broken, how interrupted with a hundred fautustic uncontrollable imaginations ! Still it was something to join herself to the vigil, if no more. She was so absorbed in her own deep anxiety and thoughts that she did not hear uny move- ment in the house, and thought nothing but that the household was asleep and hushed at ite usual early hour. And when she heard a stealthy step come to her door after midnight, Agnes's mind was BO confused from reality hv£ dist vigil tliat she sprang up with a breathless terror lest it might be the ? nurse coming to call her lo tell her thc change had come, and that Mar's life was fading away. She made a swift step to the door and opened it, unable to speak : but only found Lady Frogmore's maid outside with an anxious face. " Oh, Miss Hill, I'm so glad you're up,"she said ; " I wish you would come to my lady she is not herself at all. I can't tell wliat is the matter with her." " Hasn't she gone to bcd, Ford ?" " I got her to bed, ma'am, quite comfortable I thought ; but I stopped about doing little things, for I saw sha was wakeful ¡ and then all at once she got up and called mc end caught me by the arm. "Ford,' she says, looking in my face very seriously, 'whowas it that said, May he grow up an idiot and kill lady, I don't know,' I said; 'I never heard thc words before.' ' It was a dreadful thing to say.'she cries, always looking at me. 'Ford, do you think- words like that ever come true?' Perhaps I was too bold. Miss Hill, but I spoke up and said, 'No, my lady, I'm sure they don't : for if they did Öod Almighty would be putting us in thc power of the worst and drcadfullest-and Ile would never do that.' ' No, Ford, He would never do that,'she said, with thc tears in her dear eyes. Oh, Miss Hill, there's some change coming. I don't know what it is. And now she's trying all her. keys upou tliat box wc brought from the Park. We've not been able to hud one that would open it ; but I got another bundi just now, and while she was busy I thought I'd come and call you. Don't be frightened, Mies Hill. I don't think it's a change for thc worse," . "Oh, Ford," said Agnes, "it is just the bitterness of life. It's a change that will come too late. Oh, my boy ! it must be his dear spirit that ÍB moving his mother's heart." j " Let's hope i t's something better than that. ! Let's hope it means good news," said. the woman, who knew a great deal of thc family in her long service, and nearly if not all, its mysteries. But Agues, whose heart was very heavy, only shook her head. When.she wcut into her sisters room Mary was stauding against the light, a white figure wrapped in a white dressing-gown. Her partial confusion of mind, thc subdued and quite life she had lcd, her exemption from strong emotions, had kept au air of comparative youtlt about her. Her hair was partially grey, but it gave no appearance of agc to thc face, which had thc appearance of one purified and refined from earthliness by long misfortune and trouble. She had lighted a number of candles, which encircled her with light, and was standing looking down into the box which was open ou tltc table, with a strange air of tremulous discovery, indecision, terror, und joy, like one who has found out some astonishing thing which she cannot believe yet knows to be true. She turned Itali rouud with a warning movement, us if begging not to be disturbed, then suddenly putting out her hand drew Agnes close to her. "What is that? Doyou know what it is ?" she said. Thc only answer Agnes made was with a burst of tears: "Oh, Mary! Oh, my dear! my dear 1" shu cried. A »milo was o» Mary's face-a strange, louder smile, full of all thc softness of her veiled and gentle soul. She took out some- thing tenderly and reverently, as if it had been a sacred tiling. The curious nurse, peering behind thcBe two absorbed women, expecting to sec some mystery, felt herself come down from imaginative poetic heights to thc commonest familiar ground when she saw what it was. Ford almost laughed with the surprise, but dared not, BO strong was thc sensation of passionate feeling that seemed to lill the air. What Lady Frogmore took from the box was thc first little garment that is ever put upon a child. A little film of lawn, not much more ; the most delicate and softest of fabrics made to fold over the delicate body, in exquisite softness and whiteness, as if the finest fairy web of earth had been chosen to wrap the little thing newborn, come from among thc angele. It was unfinished-a narrow line of very fiuc laee only half sewn round the little sleeves. Mary took it up and held it in her hands, spread out upon them. Oh, what soft suggestions of trembling happiness, of wonderful anticipation, of tender mystery, and dreams were in it I " What is this Í" she said, in a whisper ; " tell mo what it is." Agnes had put her arms round her sister, loaning upon lier-sho who was usually the atrong one, the supporter and prop- ana laid her head on Mary's shoulder. The sight of thc little tender relic, so familiar, so full of suggestion on this night of fate, overcame her altogether. Oh, to think of the infant for whom that little wrapper of softness Iud boen made ; whom his motlier, who had made it with such holy and tender thoughts, had never known ; who was lying now between life and death, perhaps having crossed thc awful boundary lingering near them, breathing into her longclosod and stupified heart. Agnes could make no answer. She sobbed convul sively upon her sister's shoulder. "Oh, my baby, my boy, my little Mar., my little Mar ?" she cried, with a poignant tone of anguish which pierced the soft air, thc soft silcucc of the night, like something keen and terrible, a sharp blade and point of passionate human« fueling. Mar}' held up thc stronger woman with a rally of her own strength, but did not move otherwise. Her eyes were full of tears, but there was no anguish in them. She said in a low voice, like the coo of a dove, " No one need tell me. I know. It was I who made it for my baby-my baby I And he wan born. I remember everything now. The old mother was there-my mother-don't you know-and so proud. And my old lord, my dear old lord-with IIÍB heir- Agnes, Agnes !" she criod, suddenly, " what have you done to mu, to keep mc so laug from my boy ?" Agnes sank down upon her knees on thc floor. She held up her clasped hands as if she were praying to the white figure thal stood over lier. "It can do no harm now," she cried. "What does it matter if wc all go mad ? I think I shall : to see her remember him, to see her lind out the truth too late too late ! Oh, God, that I should have my answer now when it is all over. It would have been better if there hod been no answer-no «uswer now." "Agnes, said Mary, gentlylaying&handupon; her head. She held the precious little garment in her other hand, and kissed it, pressing it to ber Hps and her cheek. " Agnes," she said in her soft voice, pitying bur sister's emotion, " I do not blame you, dear. I have been kept iii the dark, I don't know why ; I have done many strange things not knowing. Perhaps my-my baby-my boy has been injured. God forbid. But I don't blame you, dear. If he has been injured -wc can put it right. All can be put right now we know. You meant it, I am sure, for thc best. Agnes, I never, never, will blame you, dear. Oh, rise up now and tell me, tell me all you have kept from me ; tell me everything about my boy." " I think God has taken him," cried Agnes on her knees. " This was the night-I think he must be herc to have found his way to his mother's heart. Oh Mar., Mar ! if yon arc dead, if you hear, say something, let us see you one moment, one moment before you go to heaven. One moment, one - moment, Mar !" The maid who was standing by, and whom these words froze with terror, thought to her dying day that she had heard-something, she knew not what, like thc passing of a soft foot- step, like a subdued breath, and would have turned and fled had Bhe not thought herself safer in the room with the lights Ulan in the dark passages outside. This impulse of terror was stopped in Ford's mind by the look her mistress gave her-which was a look which Ford had exchanged with many persons over Lady Frogmore's own head-a look of pity and appeal, consulting her wliat was to lie done for the distracted woman at their feet, this curious turning of tables stupefied Ford. It waa as if an infant from its cradle liad turned and bid its nurse care for its mother. "All this bas beeu too much for her," said Lady Frogmore. " Help me to put her in my bed, Fora. She and I have always been together. Wc slept together when were two little girls in the old Vicarage. Agnes, let Wc lift you, dear; don't strain yourself or take any trouble. We'll stay together this wonderful night. And when you're able you tell me : lot mc lift you first-" " You !" cried Agnes, stumbling somehow to her feet. She added in a humble tone, coming to herself, "I have forgotten my duty, Mary. Don't think any more of mc. It was more than I conld bear, just for a moment." " Yes, I saw it was too much. Ford, do you think you could sleep on the sofa, just to be at hand if wc wanted anything ? I am not cosy about her. We'll Btay together to- night. Lie down and I will sit by you, and when you arc able you will tell me-" " My lady, it would be much better for you to get your natural rest." " Mary, you must not sit up with me ?" "And why not, I should like to know," said Mary. " Don't you know I'm very happy to-night. Don't you know I've found out what has been on iny mind so long. I knew there was something. I have never said any- thing to yon, but it has been, oh, so heavy on my mind ! Something, something that had gone away from me that I could not get back, and when I dreamt of my old lord he was always frowning, always angry. Agnes ! I was making this, and mother was sitting there, and you pouring out tea, when-we were all very happy-I remember my thread breaking just there, when I had nearly finished And I turned to take another, und-then there was something that happened before-before he was born." " He was born that night," cried Agnes, "God bless him." She was very palo, and her eyes hod become dry and shone us if with fever. In her mind there was a deep wonder whether Mar. heard her, whether it would please him, though he was dead, to have thc story of his infancy told to his mother. And with this half distracted thought came ono that was quite real, quite rational; the anxious determination to shut out all reference to Letitia's visit from the still wavering mind of her sister ; to keep that which was the key of all that followed from her recollection if possible. " He was born that night-God bless him !" said Mary slowly. Then she added, " I remember a cluster of people bending ovar him, and the light on father s bald head, and my dear old lord willi his face down quite close, and the doctor standing saying some- thing about thc child. And then-and then -what happened ? I remember no more." " You were very ill, oh very ill s so ill that -Oh," said Agnes, " don't make mc think of that terrible time." " Ah !" said Mary, H quiet seriousness coming over her face, though her lips still smiled, " you thought I was going to die." Agnes made no reply. "But even that," said Lady Frogmore, " was not enough to make you all deceive me so cruelly. No, no, my dear, I did not mean cruelly. You must have thought it for thc best. One can but do what one thinks is for tho best. Was there ever such a thing before that a woman should live and never know. Do you remember what the Bible says, ' Can a woman forget her child, that she should not remember--' " " Oh," cried thc poor soul, " what you have taken from mc ! How much you have robbed inc of ?'' She paused n moment with her hands clasped, with thc consciousness of wrong on her face. Then that sterner mood died away in thc old sweet way of making the best of it, which Agnes remembered with a melting of her heart had always been Mary's way. "Never mind," she said. "Never mind. I know now, and you meant it all for thc best." ClIAITEH XLIV. Mary Bat by thc bcd in which Agnes lay for nearly half thc night. She was so determined on this strange arrangement that lier sister hud to yield, and aa long us tho darkness lasted, which in July moves slowly, much more than in June, thc conversation went on. Ford lay ott thu sofa in a distant corner and slept soundly, but neither of the ladies hud any inclination to slec,,. It distracted thc thoughts of Agnes from thc possible awful importance of this night in Mar's life to tell Mur.'s mother everything that liad happened, dwelling as briefly as possible upon thc illness which hud separated Mary from lier chill, and endeavouring to blur over as beat abo could ¿lie blank which that illness had left behind in Mary's mind. It was indeed a very broken story, bi which a stranger wanting information would have seen the most serious gaps and déficiences. But to Mary the interest of the details in which Agnes took refuge to avoid the more serious questions was so great that it was always possible to carry her past a dangerous point, and the murmura of the two, voices going on all through the night, low, breathed into each others ears, was more Uko the whisperings of two girls over their little secrets of love than the clearing np of what waB almost atragedy, the revclatiotiof thc strangest, troublous, story. Mary herself was lost in a still vague and tremulous joy, all innocent and Boft as the Ut tie garment that hud been thc happy cause of it, possessing as yet no complications, realising nothing but] that she hail been proved to have thu dearest of all possessions to a woman-a child, a baby, present linked himself but dimly to any idea of further developments. To be told that ho was Mar. still gave little enlightenment to her mind, which did not know Mar. Some- thing that could be wrapped still in that little film of innermost apparel- although it was al the same time something which could consciously respond to her afloctiou, retied his father's image OB Agnes said he did something that was nt once a loving human creature and an infant entirely her own. This was Mary's conception of the child whom she had discovered as if it had been a jewel that was lost. She was not shaken hy her dis covery os had boon feared. She took it sweetly, quietly, as was natural to her gentle soul. Happily it had come without any harsh discovery, in thc gentlest way, and as yet there Boomed nothing but happiness in the lifting of thc veil, the opening up of the old life. Mary cried us eat au J listened, shedding many soft tears. Her eyes shoue behind them with joy and peace. She had found what she had lost. No more would her old lord frown upon her in her dream ; no more would Ehe feel that imperfection, that some- thing which she could not understand, the mystery which had haunted her Ufe, though she did not know what it was. She could not, perhaps would not, for even in this feeble state there is some moral control, aUow her- self to think further. It was enough that she had come out of thc darkness, und that the light was sweet. When thc daylight began to coule in at thc window and make the candles pale, Lady Frogmore rose, as light and serviceable as if it had not been she who had been surrounded with such anxious cares for so many years, and placed upon euch a platform of weakness and disadvantage. She was not weak nor at any disadvantage now. Her maid slept. Her sister, who liad minis- tered to her all these years lay silent, looking on while she put out the candles and CIOBCU the shutter on the window. " I um coming to lied," she said, "if you will make room fur inc, Agnes : not because I am tired, for I could sit and hear of him for ever, but be- cause wc must bc carly astir to-morrow, and I suppose rest is necessary, I don't feel any need of it," she said, with a soft laugh. "None at all. I feel young and strong as if I could do anything. I feel about twenty, Agnes. But make a little room and I think I shall sleep, lt is Uke old times," she said as she took her place by her sister's side, "like old, old times, when the little girls were always together. Do you remember the time when wc two were the little girls." They kissed each other laughing aud crying over that old recoUection. How long, bow long ago Í And all life hod passed since then, and herc they were, two sisters growing old, with wrinkles upon the faces which the early light revealed, despising all the tender fictions of the night. Mary soon slept os she had said, fearing nothing, innocent in the discovery she had mode. She fell asleep like a child with the lightof thc summer morning growing on her iface. But Agnes could not sleep. When her sister's regular breathing showed thc deep repose in which tho was wrapped, Agnes stole out of bed and went to the furthest window where there was a glimmer of thc rising sun, and knelt down there in thc dawning ray turning ber face towards the east. Why BIIC could not have told. To turn her face towards tho cast was no spell, there was nothing in that to secure that her prayers should be heard. And it could not be said that she prayed. Her soul and body were both worn out. She knelt there silent, her head bowed in her hands. Thc new (lay was bringing Ufe or death to Mar. which was it bringing, Ufe or death ? She knelt on silent, like au image of devotion. It was something at least to await that crisis, when it should come, upon her knees. Lady Frogmore slept tiU it was late, loug after Agnes had dressed and come upstairs again to await at her bedside her sister's awakening witlt a little anxiety after sdi thc excitement of the night. Mary had lain very still ; she had not moved for hours, and was sleeping like a child. But when ehe began to give signs of waking, her appearance changed. Kite moved about uneasily, her face contracted as if with pain ; «he put out her hands as if appealing to some one. Suddenly she sprang up broad awake in her bed. " Ford ! she cried, and then " Agnes !" as she perceived her sister. Her breath came quick, a look of terror came over her face. " Who waB itî" ehe cried, "Who was it-that said ' May he grow up an idiot, and kUl you-' Who was it, Agnes ?"' " Oh, my lady, my Indy Ï" cried Ford from the other side of the bed " Mary ! don't think of that, for God's sake." " Who was it i" she ctied. " It was to me it was said." "Oh. my lady," said Ford, "don't think of such dreadful tilings." "May bc grow up an idiot-and kill you-" It was said to mc-it was a curse upon my bady-my child ! Who said it Agues!-you know." "Oh, Maiy, what does it matter now? What harm could such wicked words do to any one. Yes-yes, it is true. Mary. I ought not to tell you, it was Letitia. Oh what does it matter now !" Mary pushed her away, flinging herself out of her bed. "Not matter! Ford, let mc dress at once. Order the carraige. Tell mo what is the first train. We must go at once by the first train." " Where, Mary ? Oh, my dear, where ?" "Sheasks me where?" cried Lady Frog- more, appealing in her excitement to thc maid. " She asks me where, and she knows my boy is in that woman's hands-my child in that woman's hands : She said, may he grow np an idiot-my child, my bahy ! and ho is in her hands. Oh, quick, quien, give me my things ! Order thc carriage ! There is a tiain, cany, that we went by before. Oh, the slow, horrible train it is, I remember, stopping everywhere : but at least don't let us lose tl now. " "Is it to tho Park you arc going, Mary?" " Where else ?" cried Lady Frogmore ; "is not my child there? and inlier hands." She woe too impatient to accept thc usual services of her maid, hut dressed herself in wild haste, her trembling hands tym'' strings and fastening huttons all wrong. Her two attendants could do little but look on ns in her agitation BIIC snatched al everything. Tile gentle Mary, always BO tranquil and mild, was transfigurai with passion and eagerness. When she heard that il was too late for the morning train it was n shriek rather than a cry which burst from her breust. "Oh, why did you let mc sleep? Why did I sleep!" she cried bitterly. There was no possibility of calming her, no means of ex- plaining how tiley had arranged everything for her comfort that she might rest after her unusual excitement and exhaustion. She, rest ! Mary, who had been the object of un- ceasing cure for ycarB, whose every mood had boen considered, and from whom everybody near warded and kept off any possible shade of annoyance, forgot all that in a moment. She became the Marj- of old, BIIC who was Letitia's right hand, she who spared no trouble, who thought of everybody but her- self. Mary was as much surprised at being thc first to be thought of, at having her rest cared for, as if that long time of care and observance liad never been. " Rest for mc," she cried, '* Yo» shonld have knoten better, Agnes-you might have known 1 should not rest till I had seen my boy. " She woke with- out a cloud upon her memory of that fact, but with this new dread sprung up in her mind which could not be calmed down. They set off in time for a later train after a weary interval of waiting, an interval that seemed to both as if it would never end. Mary had been seized in the new sense of motherhood with a panic and fear of alarm which nothing could quench. She who had forgiven every- thing to Letitia, who had thought of nothing either in her madness or her recovery but thc interest« of her former friend, now feared her os if she were a criminal, and felt tliat every moment the heir remained in her liunds was u moment of danger. "She will do him no harm, " Agnes tried to say. " She is not kind. She docs not love him, but she will do him no hann." Mary would not listen to this voice of reason. The woman who had wished that thc unborn child should grow up an idiot und kill his parents appeared in no light but that of a possible murderess to her who had newly discovered his existence and that alie was his mother. She waved oft' her sister's soothing words. She put Agnes herself-Agnes who had loved him always, who had been his first guardian, all thc mother he had ever known-in a secondary place as one who could not divine the passion of thc mother love. " It is easy for you to speak," she said, crying out m her impatience, that the horses crept, that they would be (oe late for the train, und then that train itself was like a country cart, and would not go. Then there came those loug waitings at the junction, the interval between one little country con- veyance and another. The vain of yesterday had all passed away. The day waa bright, illumininating the face of the country, mock- ing at the heaviness of thc travellers. Lady Frogmore was flushed and eager, full of inquiry, walking about during thc times of waiting, explaining to everybody that she was going to her «on, to bring him home, to the great confusion of those who knew her story, and knew too that Mar. lay dy in c. Her acquaintances looked at her with trouble and suspicion, looked anxiously aside at Ford, who followed her mistress about as she walked up and down. Had poor Lady Frogmorc's brain given way again, was what they asked each other with their eyes ? Hut it was none of their business, and there was no one impor- tant enough to interfere. As for Agnes, she «-as incapable of any activity. When she was permitted to bc quiet for a moment there fell upon lier heart the other dreadful burden which Mary liad not understood, which Agnes shrank from insisting upon. Was it all too late, too late, a terrible irony of Providence which some- times seem to keep the word of promise to the ear, as well as the pagan fates to give when the gift is no longer of any use ? Was his motlier hurrying in all the new passion of her love and trust to tiud no child, no eon, but only what was mortal, the poor cast-off garment of flesh that had once been her boy ? Was it all over that struggle ? or had it per- haps ended, as the nurse hoped, iii life and not in death? As she approached the time when she should know, Agnes's mind began to Elsy with this hope: tremulous gleams of appineas and possibility flashing before her eyes, which she dared not receive or dwell upon, but which came to her without any will of ber's, flaming through thc dark, lighting up the skies, then sinking into greater gloom than ever. While Mary walked about ?n the intervals of waiting, Agnes sat out of sight in the most retired comer she could find, dumb and faint with the awful suspense. She could not communicate to her sister what she feared, yet feared doubly for thc conse- quence to Mary if hi the heat of her newly awakened feeling she should come suddenly against that thick blank of loss. Oh, to forestall the wrong turn, to know what a few hours might bring forth- happiness, the perfection being, a new life, a brighter world -or madness, misery, and death ? Thus tho one sister sat dumb and incapable of speech, her throat dry and her lips parched, while the other all energy and eagerness soothed ber impatience by movement and eager com- munication of her purpose- going to mid her boy. The railways have almost annihilated distance everybody says-and it is true. But when a succession of slow country trahis on cross linea have to be gone through, with many pauses, stoppages, and changes, there is nothing which gives the sau-e impression of delay and miserable tardihood. To haste for a little time towards your end, and then to stop and spend as long a time or longer in aimless waiting, repeating the same again and again in an afternoon's journey ! No waggon on the country road seeni6 to bc so low, so lingering, BO impossible to quicken, lt was dark when tiley arri ried at the nearest station to the Park, and then a long interval followed before they could obtain thc broken-down rattling, clattering country fly which drove them six miles farther to thc Park. It was all that Agnes's lips could do to utter un inquiry " How is Lord Frogmore ?" when thc keeper of the lodge awoke up out of his first sleep, stumbled forth to open the gate, half reluctant to admit visitors at such an hour. " I think I heard as thc young lord's a bit better," said the yawning lodge-keeper. Her heart leapt up, almost choking her in her sudden relief. But how did she dare to trust this indifferent outsider, who cared nothing ? At least, at least, he lived still, which ivas much. Mary had grown quite silent in thc excitement of thc arrival. .She put her hand into her sister's, and grasped it as if to keep herself up, but said nothing. They die mounted out of the noisy fly at thc omi of thc avenue, Mary obeying the impulse of Agues, asking no reason. There were still lights about the upper windows, und a glimmer in the hall, the door of which was opened to them by a servant who was in waiting, and who at first looked as if he would refuse them admittance, hut gave wny at the sight of the two ladies. He gave AgncB in a subdued whisper the bulletin, " A little better-fever diminished," which in the instantaneous and unspeakable relief, took all strength and power to move from her after all her sufferings. She leaned back upon Ford, nearly fainting, her eyes closing, her limbs refusing to support her. In that moment Lady Frogmore drew liei hand from her sister's. She asked no ques- tions. No weakness or sinking of heart or courage was in her. .She neither looked nor spoke to any one round her, but swiftly de- taching herself, throwing off her cloak, disappeared up thc great, partially-lighted staircase as swift and as noiseless as a ghost. (7*0 bc continued.) 