Ofte _5>î>ïmc|> iïlornmg fttralto. THVMSDAT, JULY 2, ISO!. A BJiror.T from Narrandera states that tho river Murruinbidgoo roso riipidly on Tuesday night, overflowing tho lower portion« of tho town nnd inundating tbn Cidueeo settlement to a dopth of oft. About 70 Chineso were rescued in boa». MB. JJ-ma EVE, ono of tho defeated candidates for Canterbury, has lodtred a petition with tho Govorflor, protesting »gainst tho validity of that election upon tho grounds of certain informalities. The-text of tho petition was published in a Got em- inent Gazette extraordinary issued yesterday. Form members only aro now required to malro np tho full complement in the now Pailiiunent, and threo of theso will bo returned for Bourke, whilst the Gwydir electorate will contribute one. Polling for both constituencies takes plooo to- morrow. AT an inqnest hold yestorday upon tho body of a man named Thomas Monoghan, who died on Monday at tho Moorcliffe branch of tho Sydney Hospital, the jury returnod a vcrdiot of death whilst tho patient was under tho influence of nn anosthetio, and added that tho drug had boon properly administered. THE Orient Company's It.M.S. Ormuz left Colombo, outwards, on tho 30th ultimo. As tho floods throughout tho country subside, tho destruction they have occasioned becomes pain- fully apparent. Enormous damage is roportcd from Wagga, whoro a number of peoplo hnvo been loft almost destitute. Tho Municipal Council has provided many with food. A B___i__n_E story is to hnnd from Ashburton, W. A. It is alleged that a man namod Hannon fell down a well where ho existed for 19 days, having no food and vory liltlo water. When dis- covered ho was delirious. THE ship Guardian arrived from Puget Sound yesterday, and tho steamer Echuca sailed for London. Tho Catterthun left for Hongkong, and tho Durham for Brisbane. ON Tuesday Mr. Juslico A'Boekett delivered judgment in Melbourne, in tho action of Herbert Florence v. William Hutohinion, for tho recovery of a share in a sum wou in Tattersall's swoop last year. The defence set up was that tho agreement arose out of a gaming transaction and was, there- fore, not actionablo. His Honor gavo a verdict for plaintiff for £1192, with costs. AOTHEHTIO information has boen received that the Dora Dora blades aro at Thirhnore. The Camden police aro in pursuit. MADAME SARAH BEEXILLEDT and her company played " La Tosca " in Adelaide on Tuesday oven ing. Tho famous tragedienne receive- an enthu- siastic reception. IN tho caso of Budd v. tho Kailway Commis- sioners, the hearing of whioh has ongaged the attention of Mr. Justioe Stephen and a jury of four, in the No. '2 Jury Court, fov sevoral days past, a verdict was yestorday given for defendants. A, SYDS-T-OWX-D vessel' named tho Prince Alfred is roported missing. Sho loft port a month ago for Mosquito Bay, and it is believed has foundered with all hands. AT the Narrabri police court yestorday, a sensa- tional charge of cattlo stealing was preferred against a man named Marshall and his two sons, William and John. Accused .wcro, upon tho application of tho police, remanded for eight days. TUB Trench mail steamer Yarra, from Mar- seilles, arrived at Albany at 11 p.m. on Tuesday, and sailed for Adelaide at 0 a.m. yesterday. Tina Government of V/ostem Australia is issuing a loan of £400,000 at 1 per oent. at slightly below par. -KB Shah of Persia has ordered troops to proceod to Sonj Bolak, in Khurdistan, to enforce, tho releaso of tho British girl captured and detained by Khurds in defiance of tho consnl's protest. \- IT has been decided to establish a branch of the Pastoralists' Union at Balranald. A Bru. providing for the bettor protection of women and children was introduced and read for the first time iu tho Queensland Legislativo Council ycBtorday. AT the Central Polico Conrt yosterday Joseph Johnson was sontenced to six months' imprison- ment, with hard labour, for having stolon £14, tho property of James Barry, by means of tho confi- dence trick. THE remains of the late Dr. Beanoy wero in- terred In the Melbourne) General Cemetery yester- day afternoon. In order to allow members of Parliament to attend the funeral tho Assembly met half an honr later than usual. IN tho Legislative Assembly of South Australia yosterday, Mr. Playford announced a probablo surplus for the current finanoial yoar of £131,000. Mr. Ash moved for the abolition of the Customs duties on tea, sugar, coffee, cocoa, and kerosene. THE body of a very old resident of the Grafton district named Jesse Morris has been found in a waterhole near his residence. At an inquiry which was held, an open verdict of "found drowned " was returned. YESTERDAY afternoon a meeting of tho Cabinet was held, in tho Colonial Secretary's OlHco, when matters pertaining to tho course of action to be adopted by the Ministry wore diocussod. Another meeting will probably bo hold during tho week. Ms. DIBBS claims that the general election has resulted in giving the protectionist party a majority of l8 over the present Government. LADY MACDONALD, widow of the lato Canadian Premier, is to receive the rank of a pooross. HOBBC-S tortures aro stated to have been in fliotod on prisoners suspected of acting in collusion with tho insurgents, in Chili by tho ex-President Balmaceda. The rebel cavalry has repulsed the Government troops at Atacama in the inferior. EppLYPfO in the House of Commons to a ques- tion asked by Itear-Admirai Field, M.P., Baron Henry de Worms said it was unnecessary to press Australia to fortify King's George's Sound, as the work was udvanoing as rapidly as possible. THE Emperor Williom of Germany will compote in the yacht race for the Queen's Cup, off Cowes, in. the Isle of Wight. THE intention to utilise tho vessels of the Orient Company as troopships, should it prove necessary, has been abandonod. A pEOEEE has been issued by "the Russian Government rendering it imperative that all foreigners in the south-western portion of tho country should become naturalised, under pain of expulsion. It is bejioved that tho measure is aimed at the Germans. , THE Postmaster-General of Great Britain has deferred till the next Parliamentary session the question of fixing the maxhn_ai weight of news- papers passing through the post. OWJNOI to a protracted drought, which baa retarded sowing operations, it is feared there will be a famine amongst the natives in the Madras Presidency in India. His Excellency the Governor yesterday afternoon opened a poultry and dog show in the Exhibition. Building, under tho anspiccs of the united Fanciers' Club. THE Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £10,272, and the sum collected for the month of Juno totalled jj¡166,915,_ The virtual completion of the elections brings what is at once a practical and a constitutional question before the Ministry. Jt is a practical question inasmuch as it is one which insista on receiving a decision, And which entails action as the consequence of deoisipn. And it is constitutional, eine« the principles of constitutional doc- trine and practice must be invoked to guide the determination. What course is the Government to take as a result of the elections ? Is that result so distinct and do finito as in itself to plainly dictate the conrso to bo taken? In attempting' to answer those questions in the light of tho liest r.ütir.iltur and precedents, what wo find is that whereas until recently it was hold to bo the moro constitutional course for the Ministry to reçoive tho decision of the electors ut tho hands of Parlia- ment, in later timas the practice has grown tip, whore tho issuo of tho elec- tions, is to rot-ni a docided and un- mistakable majority against tho Go- vernment, for Ministers to act at onco on the decision of tho country, and to give in their resignations. This course under thoso circumstances has somo obvious advantages. It allows the Ministry to shun tho appearance of clinging to ofiieo when the country lins pro- nounced against it. It permits Ministers the personal satisfaction of resign- ing voluntarily without waiting for dismissal by a Pnrlimentary voto. In addition, it saves the time of the country and gives opportunity to the new Ministers to proparo theil1 policy for submission at tho earliest possible dato to Parliament. It is probably tho sense of doing an in- dependent mid high-spirited tiling which has lod Múmtors sometimes to toko this course. But it is right to remember that in such a situation as that of the present Ministers they have something to consider of greater importance than their personal feelings. They have above oil things to take care that they tiro por foetly clonr what the docision of the country is before they proceed to act. It is impossible to say that this docision is clear at the present time-suffi- ciently clenr, that is, to justify the Govern- ment in acting upon it. Thoro cannot bo much. diSoronce of opinion about the deci- sion of tho electors when only two parties aro beforo tho country. Yet even then, if tho numbers aro nearly equal,, as in the caBe of the general election held in 1889 undor tho Dibbs Ministry, tho Govern- ment may, as in that ease, prof or to take the senso of the country by a vote in Parliament. Tho difficulty in tho present caso is of on entirely difleront kind. There is no question that the Ministerial party is in a minority of tho House. It is evon the case that tho Ministerial party will be in a minority as comparea' with tho direct Opposition. But there is a third party, counting nearly a quarter of the Assembly, and what is not known is whether this party will vote for the Government or against it. Doubtless somo strong opinions have been expressed on the subject. But they have beon the opinions of others. They have not boon tho nuthoritativo de- clarations of the party itself. Had this party from tho first consistently announced itself as hostilo to the Ministry, the position would now be much simplified. But it has not dono so, and it lias carefully guarded itself against doing so. There is nothing in its own specifically formulated platform, nothing in its attitudo to any of tho great political questions, to oponly commit it to such a position, Undor these circumstances there ia none of thoso open, unmistakable indications of the relativo 6tato of parties which alone could warrant tho Government in resigning office as tho neces- sary result of tho general elections. The only constitutional courso under these circumstances is for Ministers to await Parliament, and to allow Parliament to decido whether they aro to continue in office or are to givo placo to their successors. This is the course which the Ministry, after deliberation in Cabinet, has decided to take. In coming to this determination tho Ministry recognises tho difficulties pre- sented by tho composition of the now Legislative Assembly. But it holds that tho only way of ascertaining with whom rosts tho majority is by a definite resolu- tion in Parliament. Opportunity will be given for this being passed at tho earliest jiossiblo moment after tho statement of the policy and measures of tho Government with which the session will open. If theso fail to satisfy Parliament, Parliament will be able promptly to sayso, and then a definite view of the relative strength and different policios of the Ministry and the Opposition will be given to the country. Then, and then only, shall wo really know what is the truo reading of the will of the electorate involved in the results of the general elec- tion. At present this JB obscure, and may easily bo misread. To misread it might be a very serious error, ana the delay of a fortnight is a small price to pay for certainty on a matter of suoh importance. At present the moBt salient point before us is tho presence in Parliament of a strong party representing the claims of labour for legislative consideration.- It may be that theso labour representatives may prefer to havo their measures earned by the help of Mr. DIBBS. It is equally conceivable that tlioy may prof cr to work in conjunction with Sir nu-HY PAUKES. The socrot of their intentions is their own, and it has been well kept. It certainly is not the place of tho Ministry to try to solve it by a process of guesswork. Tho labour re- presentatives havo not hastonod to declaro thoir intoutions on this point. Thoy aro apparently content to wait till the opening of Parliament. They will havo to declaro themselves then, but cannot bo forced to do so before. Possibly they desire to see what the Ministry has to offer thom beforo coming to a decision. They havo the right to do so, and the Ministry can only take the deoision when it is duly recorded in constitutional form. Then there are thoso rigid political economists whose stem ¡wal for freetrade compelled them to vote against a freetrade Govern- ment. In all fairness they ought to bo allowed tho opportunity of carrying their action to its logioal issue "by helping to install a protectionist one in office. However we regard it, the course decided on by the Ministry appears to bo not only a justifiable one, but the correct and constitutional one ; and whatever im- patience it may ocoasion to tho other side, it ought to commend itself to the deliberate judgment of the country. But for the gravo mistake made five weeks ago by our Government, noarly the whole of the Australian Parliaments would by this time havo made some progress with the consideration of the question of federa» turn, as set forth in the Draft Bill of the National Convention. The debates have begun in Victoria and South Austra- lia, and in the Queensland Parua jnent, which wa» opened on Tuesday, the Governor's Speech contained a provision that the bill should bo sub- mitted for consideration and approval forthwith. Thus, whilst the subject is here at the present moment the sport of fortune, and no ona eau say with confidence what will be done with it after the meeting of the new Parliament, it is being treated ill good faith in the othor colonios, and in accordance with the joint action takon by all the Parliaments that se»t delegates to the Convention. It is too soon to speculate upon the probable issue in any of them ; but it may bo said that the disc- sskms have boen opened in an encouraging manner. The »rat point to be noticed is that we hear nothing now in contravention of the claim that the soheme should bo freely con eidered and dealt ^rith.- We pointed out the other day that tho resolution prepared by Mr. PLAYFOBTJ asked for a general, not an nbsoluto, approval of tho Convention schemo, and provided contingently for its consideration in committee. Tho resolu- tion submitted by Mr. MUNUO also asked tho House to declare a goncrnl ap- proval ; mid Mr. Witixox, who followed, expressed the hope that the question would bo thoroughly discussed and vontilated throughout the country. Ho also said that "everyone must fuel they had a freo hand to proposo amendments." In tho Conven- tion Sir SAMUEL GHIITITK expressed very definite opinions against interference with the text of the lirait constitution ; but his Excelloncy tho Governor, in tho Speech al the opening of Parlinmont at Bris- bane on Tuesday, not only commended the provisions of tho Draft Bul to the most caroful and . favourable attention of the Legislature, but anticipated tho benefits that would result from " its adoption by the people of Australia with any amend- ments their united wisdom might think necessary." Thus,, in each of tho throo colonies as well as in our own, the Government, as responsible for tho introduction and conduct of tliis busi- ness, has furnished an nnswor to tho attacks of those who, as opponents of fede- ration in general or of tho Draft Bill in particular, havo objected to imaginary attempts to enforce the swallowing of the bill in globe. Boom is left in all cases for the legitimate action of the colonial Par- liaments in formulating any amendments they would desire to soo made, and for tho reconsideration of tho wholo question by a body representing all the colonies, before any Parliament is asked to give the measure unqualified approval. Hero, at any rato, some capital has been made by the anti-federationists out of tho natural dislike to any proposal to thrust such a measure as this upon Parliament or people for acceptance in the mass. But, so far as appearances in the piesent may guido us, the trade of tho Oppositionists will have to bo withdrawn from that channel. It is gratifying to soe the question sub- mitted in this wa)', bocauso it is the only way that would lead to its adequate con- sideration and appropriate trontnient. At the same time wo can sympathise with those members of the Convention who, in addressing their respectivo Parliaments, have spoken with coi-idenoo of the general morits and acceptability of the measure. Thus Mr. WBIXON, although, as wo li ave said, anxious for thorough discussion, with freedom to proposo amendments, said he trusted that the Constitution would be accopted as a basis, and pointed out its power of adaptation in the courso of time to the growth and changing circum- stances of tho nation. Mr. P-AATOIU), oven though lie indicated his own desire for certain amendments, counselled the House to accept the measure " just as it stood." It is not surprising that members oi tho Convention, familiar with the pro- cess by which tho scheme had been brought into its present shape, should offer counsel of this kind. Nothing has been more ovidont in the gonoral references to this bill, by candi- dates for election, and by others who have attacked or condemned the measure, than tho futility of criticism that is not founded upon a careful study of it in the light of surrounding circumstances, and that cannot bo met immediately by a well-informed reply. It is oasy, with an imporfect know- ledge of what tho bill says and with equal ignorauco of what it means, to discover marcs' nests amidst' its provisions, und to echo superficial objections that have been received at second or third hand. Many men who have oxcelled at these per- formances would find it a very different thing to reduce to shape thoir ideas of what ¿he bill should bo, and lo put in acccptablo form tho provisions they would substituto for thoso which the bill contains. Men who have studied the bill withcare, aud considered it both from tho fedoral point of view and as a question of practical politics, will generally bo propared to admit that the task of effecting material im- provement in it would bo difficult indeed to accomplish. The more thoroughly it is discussed in any Parliament by mon who will recogniso the nocossity of dealing with it on broad federal grounds,'tho moro likoly will bo tho acceptance of counsels such as thoso offered by Mr. PLAYFORD to tho Legislative Assembly of South Australia. The position in whioh the question now stands in this colony is unsatisfactory in the oxtreme. Tho lato Assombly iudicatod with sufficient plainness its willingness to have tho matter fairly discussed. Wo cannot undertake to say precisely to what results such a discussion might havq led ; but this, at least, may be said, that in tho absence of a full Parlia- mentary discussion the bill has been placed beforo the country under circumstances of great disadvantage. . As tho questions in- volved had been raised before the dissolu- tion, it would be theoretically correct to say that, the new Assombly will express the opinion of the country upon them. But ns a matter of fact the country had not had a fair chance of forming an opinion upon thom. It was not iu a position to in- struct its representatives, and but few of tho candidates appeared to be able to afford the country much assistance in doing so. If, thoreforo, tho bill should be dealt with in any offhand way, the loss incurrod thereby will not, perhaps, bo very great, because substantial improvement in the measure could hardly be loooked ion Apart from tho question whether it is right and wise that thoro should be a con- ference between the Trades and Labour Council and the Pastoralists' Union, there is room for some observations upon tho correspondence between the secretaries. Mr. HOUGHTON concludes his letter sug- gesting that arrangements should be made for a conference by saying, " It is hoped by my council that your moiubers will accede to this respeotful request, and thus pave the way for * the prevention of a crime the responsibility of which must rest upon the shoulders of those who evince no desire to avert it," Mr. W_rrn iKY Kxtra, in reply, onds his letter by saying, "Mycounoil has only one object in view, vi«., to enable its members and its employees to carry on thoir necessary work in a. peaceful manner, and fails to realise tho meaning of your allusion to ' the pre- vention of a crime ' in the concluding part of your letter." Commenting upon this, Mr. MOONEY, the Sydney agent of the Amalgamated Shearers' Union, says he " regrets that the pastoralists always seem to ne unable to understand tho meaning of lotters forwarded to them by the men. One would imagine that they purposely misun- derstood the'letters," The sentence re- ferred to he "thought could be easily understood by any intoUijrent person to moan the prevention of an industrial war ; for causing a disastrous conflict was un- doubtedly a crime." Eeverting to Mr. HOTJOUTON'S lotter, it will be seen that the thing to bo regretted is that the writer should have attempted to support his «' respectful re- quest ' by resorting to the use of threaten- ing language. Mr. KOTO rightly defines the position of the Pastoralists* Union. Ita object is to enable its members and their employees to -cany on their work in « peaceful manner. If the pastoralists offer to give employment to shearers on certain terms, there is no crimo in that. If men come forward and accept those terms, and do their work in accordance with their agreements, there is no crime in that. Tliero is no crime iii the peaceful prosecution of lawful industry on terms satisfactory to the contracting parties. "What, then, is to bo inferred from this talk about tho pre- vention of a crime, and tliis further talk about au industrial war? There will be neither war nor crimo unless some ono brooks the peace or criminally interferes with tho lawful liberty of the pastoralists or the men who ure willing to work for them. It is nonsense to say that tho responsibility for the commission of a crimo must rest upon those who " evince no desire to avert it." The responsibility will rest upon those who commit it, and will bo shared by thoso who work up the excitement and maleo tho preparations that lead to its commission. This question of responsibility is not one to be lost sight of by those whose thoughts seem to bo running on war and orime. Hut at present tho point to bo chiefly noted is that tlicso allusions to a possible future practically amount to a threat, because they come from the sido by which, if tho possibilities aro converted into actual facts, the war will be declared, and the crime will bo committed. The verdict of the jury in the caso Budd v. tho Commissioners for Railways is one which deservos careful noting by the public. It wus an action brought on boholf of a girl of 17 by her nearest friend to recover damages for injuries alleged to have been incurred as the result of an accident caused by a tramcar starting while ehe waa in tho act of alighting. The hearing of the caso extended ovor several days, and there wore circumstances involved which caused the Crown Law Office to go vory fully and thoroughly into tho defence. Tho evidence called on both sides dis- closed a moro than ordinary con- flict of testimony, and in his summing up to the jury his Honor Mr. Justice STEFUEX was careful to state his opinion that though tho case had lasted a long timo ho did not think there had been one minuto wasted bj' counBolin tho caso, or an unnecessary witness called. Ho also dwelt upou the danger of juries-recognising that a caso is one of great difficulty and unable to soe on which bide the balance of testi- mony lay- finding, therefore, for the de- fendant. They must, he pointed out, satisfy thomselves if possible on which side the weight of evidenco lay, and give their verdict accordingly. Tho jury, after going into the matter deliberately, returned into court with a verdict for defendants, und added that if the accident happened there was not suffi- cient evidence to prove it to their satisfac- tion. There have boon several cases lately of this character brought into court in this colony and some of the other colonies, in which damages have been reeoverod against the Governmoat. And there is no doubt an impression in the minds of inany peoplo that in cases of this naturo it is easier to obtain a verdict against the Government than it would be against private parties. Such an impression might havo the effect of inducing persons to bring against the Government claims which would not be brought against private persons. What tho ease we refer to shows is that juries are quite ready to give attontion to a dofencb which the Government may bring into court against any claims of thia kind, and to find a verdict for the defendants where they considor the plaintiff has failed to mako out a case. This is salutary to observe, and should it have tho effect of checking hopeless litiga- tion, that is a result conducive to the interests of the public. Lorn, JEBSEY visited the salerooms of Messrs. Walter Bradley and Co., in Georgo-strcot, yestor- day afternoon, to view the specimens and curios which belonged to tho late Captain M'Dougull. Lord Jersoy appeared highly interested in tho col- lection of foros from the many South Pacific Islands, and tho curions war helmets. His Excellency the Governor will visit Parra- matta to-day for tho purposo of inspecting tho various public and Government institutions thore. Arriving at Parramatta shortly after 10 a.m., he will bo met by the Mayor (Alderman Frank Beames), the member for the town (Mr. Hugh Taylor), and the Reva. Archdeacon Gunther, Dr. Harris, and Father O'Reilly. Tho first placo of call will bo tho Parramatta District Hospital, then in order St. Joseph's Hospital, tho Girls' Industrial School, tho Hospital for Insano, and tho Gaol. His Exccllonoy will then lunch at tho icsidcnco of the Mayor, after which Somerset Nursery and the two Beuovolent Asylums will bo visited. AT 3 o'clock yestorday afternoon tho members of the Ministry, with the exception of tho Colonial Treasurer and tho Postmaster-General, who were absent from town, met in tho Executive Council Chamber, and for considerably over an hour dis ousbcd the political situation. It is under- stood that in this meeting Ministers decided i.hat their proper couran is to meet Parliament in tho usual way. Admitting the difficulties presented by the composition of tho now Assembly, it is hold that the only possible way of ascertaining with whom reata tho majority is by a dofinito resolution, after tho policy and measures of tho Government havo been submitted to tho Parliament and the country in the usual constitutional manner. It is, therefore, generally understood that Parlia- ment will assemblo in the usual way at noon next Tuesday week. YESTEUDAY Sir Henry Parkes received from Mr. D. O'Connor, the Postmaster- General, a telegram announcing that ho would leavo Cooma last night, and arrive in Sydnoy to-day. In Mr. O'Connor's absence no notion has been taken with regard te tho Postmaster-Generalship, and tho Premier, at the oloso of tho Cabinet meeting yosterday, stated that nothing would bo dono until Mr. O'Connor had returned to Sydney. IT was rumoured in political circles yesterday that the proposal to crcuto a Department of Indus- try in connection with the Govorumont of this colony is reooiving moro than passing consideration in tho minds of govern! members of tho Ministry. It is understood also that there is unusual activity in the collection of facts and figures which would havo bearing upon this subject. In the Legislativw Assembly chamber prepara- tions are being made for the forthcoming meeting of Parliament. The alterations on this occasion, however, are unimportant. Prior to the sitting of the Federation Convention the chamber was re carpeted, the woodwork was varnished, and the walls were cleaned. The chamber itself, therefore, will be left as it was when the last short-lived session closed, except that additional accommo- dation will be provided behind the Speaker's chair. One of the reading-rooms has been re-carpeted, and several minor improvements are being made in the offices of the Parliamentary buildings. SEVERAL months ago Sir Henry Parkes decided, on the recommendation of Mr. Regina Champ, an expert in sericulture, to grant aid for stocking several sites in that part of the Richmond River district, known as New Italy, with mulberry trees for the advancement of silkworm rearing. The Forestry Department was requested to supply mul- berry cuttings, and yesterday the first consignment, consisting of three bags obtained from Mr. George Thorne's grounds, Castle Hill, near Parramatta, was received in Sydney, and it will be forwarded to Woodburn, on the Richmond River, by next Saturday's boat. Two other consignments are to follow, one from South Australia and another from the Gosford State nursery. In all many thousands of cuttings will be forwarded to New Italy. Mr Bruce Smith - the Minister for Public Works, has issued instructions to the officers of his Department throughout the country to ascertain, as far as possible, the amount of damage caused to the roads of the colony, and to the various public works, by the recent heavy rainfall and accompanying floods. When this information has been received to guide him in his decisions, a suffi cient sum of money to meet all reasonable requests for the repair of the damage caused will be granted by the Minister. A CAUCUS of the Opposition membors will b» summoned by Mr Dibbs, tho leador of the Oppo- sition, ns soon as tho elections havo boen completed and tho members returned huv o reached bj dnoj 1 his meeting -nell take place on an eailj ehy of nott wce't, TV hen tho poboy of tho party to bo followed w ben the House meeta will bo disci-sod ITJS understood that on Saturday thero will he a eaiicus of (bo labour rcpiescntatives returned to seatä m tho Logislutn o Assembly This will bo tlio nrst of soverul meetings to bo held prior to tho opeuing of Paihamcut on tho I lth instant A ill KEETO of the elcotors of tho Globe was held ni tho Glebo lowu Hall, lost ovoniug, to heal an address hy Mr T J Houghton on tho pohtical situation Tho mooting was boll under tho auspices of the Globe Labour Electoral League Tho hall waa crow dod Mr P Strong, presi- dent of tiio Globe Labour Electoral League, oc- cupied tho chair Mr Houghton had a good reception, and ho spoko, ho said, not as tho mouth- piece ot tho Labour party, but m his individnil capieity Ho dealt with tho intentions of tho Labour party when in P irbamcnt Tho meeting wah afterwaids addressed by Mi W H Sharp, Mi P Cotton, and Mr 1 1 lowen THE now!j -formed ItnuVaj Institute Gleo Club gavo ita first conceit in the hall, Devonshire-sheet, last night Tho cuteitauinicnt was thoronghlj appreciated by tho audience The club, w hu h h us porch chautiblo object«, was assisted bv Miss Hilly Wvnn, Miss V Murphy, and Messrs L Jen! ran, G Kay, Proucllock, Sherlock, Buchnn, li Creighton, and D D Grahuir, Mr II L Sherlock was the accompanist, and Mr E Jenkins conducted tho chorus and tho instituto orchestra YiSTKEDAY tho Ballway Commissioners opened tho follow mg tenders -For tho creotion of station buildings at Summer Hill, necessary on account of tho qnadruphcation of tho suburban line, 9 tenders, low-t,Mr Thos ncnloy, ¡CS204 10s Id , for tim construction of similar buildingsat Newtown, seven tenders, lowest, Mr G D roatherstono, £9141 1 Si lOd , erection of a kitchon for guards' quarters ot Dubbo, threo tenders,lowest, Mr G Grant, _1S1 2s Od , foi tho supply of light-feed lubricttors, three tendera, lowest, Messrs Hoskins and Son, £305 10s Cd , for tho supply of axlo-boxes, brasses, and buffer cj linders, 20 tenders at schodulo rates , aud for painting tho superintendent's oflioo m George-street, four tenders, lowest, M"s«rs Green- field und Price, ¿Cil 18s 8d fill, motor of tho o 45 p m tram Sydnoy to Coogeo yestordiy collided with a furnitur o carl, near tho Long Bay-road A wheel ot tho caít was broken, ana tho driver, Mark Duffy, was thrown into tho ro idw ay Ycterdoy afternoon a car of a tram proceeding to tho Driving Park races loft tho rails in Oxford- street, near Kilny-streot Tram trafilo w as completely stopped foi half an houi AMONO the passengers from Auckland yesterday by tho Eotokino wero theBov J J K and Mrs Hutchm, who for the past nine years have been labouring, on behalf of tho London __5Sionarj Sociotj, at Rnrotonga, m tho Hervey group They purposo lea-» mg foi London by the Orizaba Tin. gcncial monthly meeting of the members of tho Boyal Society of New South Wales w _ held last night at tho Boêiety's house, Elizabeth street Mi H C Bussell, Government Astro nomei, uecupiod tho chair Eighteen gentlemen wero added to tho members' roll us tho result of a ballot, two letters wero received, and three pipera wero read Tho first paper was load ty Mi Lauicnco Hurgravo and dealt with " No 1 ¡ and No 14 compressed-air flying nn-chineo " I ho second paper dealt with ' Sorao folk-Eongs and myths from Samoa," translated bytheBev G Pratt, w ith an introduction and notes by Dr John ïiascr, by whom tho pupor was read, and the fourth paper, read by Mi H G Bussell, do tailed tho " preparations now being made ni Sydney Observ atory for tho photograplno chart of tho heavens " Mi Bussoll also tabled a paper containing technical details respecting a oyolonio storm in tho Gwydir distuct AT tho mectmg of the Boyal Society hold last cv emng it was announced that tho society's medal and prize havo been awarded to tho ltov J Miluo Curran, T G S , for nu essay on " The Microscopic Structure of Australian Bocks " Mr Currm H tliu recentlj appointed leoturer ux geology in the Department of Publio Instruetiom SIB C_AK_ s _ND LADY TTtTTr v\x11 make their fifth appearance this season in tho Centennial Hall to night Sir Charles Hallo will bo heard ni pcrhtps tho best known of Beethoven's sonatas the Sonata in A fat, opus 20-which includes the celebrated funeral march, and he will bo associated with Lady Halle in Grieg's Sonata in G, op 13 Tho violin solos selected moludo tho popular ' CaTutma," hy Balf, and an arrangement by "Vienxtemps of tho Irish melody " St Patrick s Day " Millie Pillu-ger will smg tho grand mr of Schubert, "D10 Allmacht," und Brahms s beautiful " Bercouse " Madame Burton will bo heard for the first timo in bjdney m Suniuino and Sorrow " and ' The Bettei Land " (Cowen) The sixth concert will bo given on Saturday evening As will bo seen from advertís ementa elsowhero tho solo of scuts for tho Bernhardt opening night wal 1 tako place on the stage of Hor Muj est v's Theatre this afternoon, at 3 o'clock Messis Hardie and Connan sell, and the ladies and gentlemen aMond ing the solo will bo occonunodatod with scats in the stalls " A COS,ST_XT rreqnenter of tho Saturday and Monda) Popular Concerts in London," where Sir Charlo« and Lady nailo aro so often heaid, takes exception to tho statement that tho best seats m Sydnoy aro availablo at a chai go which would only admit to a back part of a hall in Loudon, wera tho samo artists performing thero instead of hore Our correspondent says that tho beats in tho ond gall-rj and in tho orchestra of St James's Hall, Loudua, aro always ono shilling, while there are a largo number of other seats in tho body and sides to be had at a lower pneo than that charged for the jirst lesen ed seats hore A_onr_B of tho Wednesday ev cnuig entertain- ments m tho Centenary Hall, York- street, was given last night, when the ltov W G Taj lor delivered a lecture entitle- " Pivo Weeks Wander- ings- Scotland," illustrated by 50 limelight views Tho hill wus orowdod Mr Taj lor described the bcdutitul sccnory, tho notablo buildings, and gave remu-iccuces of authors and statesmen of Scot- land Tho lecturer denv ed considerable assistants from tho lantern, worked by Mr Jordan Scotch bongs wero sung by Miss Broes, Mrs Hunt, Mr Cio«s, Mr MUler, and a Scotch recitation was givonbyMr Martin Till first annual show of tho United ranciers' Club of Now South Wales was opened by tha Governor yesterday afternoon m tho E_-bi- lton Building Thero waa a largo display of poultrr, pigoons, canaries, and dogs Most of the judging wus completed m tho morning Lord Jersey declared tho show open and after- wards inspected tho exhibits Tho proceedings pa'-sedo- satisfactorily Tn_ social gathering given by the Surrey United Cricket Club, to colcbrato tho closing of tho season, in Lagh House, Castleroagh-strect, last night, was successful About 200 wero present Tho mumowas supplied by Do Groon's Band Messrs Hi-10, and Buckle aotod na Ms C The catering was ontnibted to Mr Moon During an interval in ths dancing Alderman Ogden presented tha trophies won during tho season Tin fort-lghtly meeting of the William O'Brien. branca of tho Irish National Foresters' Benefit Sooiety was held at the Canibndgo Hotel, Market streot, on Monday evening Tho Chief Banger, Bro J P Kavanagh, was m tho chair Thero w as a largo attendance of members and visitors Corrospondenco was received from Bathurst, Bony, and W mgollo, asking for information as to tho f«rnuition of branohos in thOiO distnots Tenders were oponed for tho position of chemist to tho branch Thoresultwasthoappoint- ontofMr Boso of Georgo-stroot A good many names wero added to the loll and several now members wero initiated. The 0 R produced a certificate of authontyfrom tho executive connell granting him permission to open now branches, and appointing bim representative of tho Order in Now South Wales ALEOTU-son "Stanley in Africa" was given in St Matthias' Hall, Paddington, by tho Eev J Olloy on Monday ovoning Tho lecturo was illus- trated by nomo limotig-fc effeots and dissolving views specially prepared YESTERDAY, at noon, a number of gentlemen accoptcd tho invitation of Messrs Stuart and Co , granolvthio pavement mannfaoturers, of St James' chambers, King and Macquarie streets, Sydnoy, but whoso head office is vu London, to inspect tho pavement» which have been laid with this patented matonal in the Imperial Arcade, Pitt and Castlereagh streets Amoug those present were the Mayor of Svdnej and Aldermen Peon, Playfair, and B--ford, several alder-en of suburban municipaliben, Mr Daniels, the Town Clerk, Mr M'Rae, City Arohitoct and Building Surveyor, Mr. Richards, City Surveyor, Superintendent Boar, of thej Metropolitan Fire Brigade, Messrs T Bowe and W. W. Cam«bell, aroktteota ot the Imperial Aroada, -Cr. 1 T'j Gibbs, chairman of the Arcade Company's board ; and several of the leading architect» and contractors of this city. Granolithio has boen used for pavements with sncoess in Groat Britain, on the Continent of Europo, and in North and South America. Somo fivo and a-lmlf years ago the pavcmont fronting tho Criterion Theatre in Sydnoy was laid with this material. Yestcrduy a pieco of the worn paving was cut from the foot- way and exhibited alongside an unused block, and only insignificant signs of woar could ho discorncd. It is claunod that tho lifetime of granolithio is longer than any known stono, and it is generally used for pavements in the largo oitios of America, Europe, and tho United Kingdom. The cost of tliia patented invention compares iavourubly with any other first-class material uBod in pave- ment construction. At yesterday's inspection the opinion expressed publicly by tho Mayor and generally by those present waa strongly in favour of tho work dono by Messrs. Stuart and Co., with which tho Imperial Aroado directorate is well satisfied. A SOMEWHAT ourious easo was commenced in tho No. 2 Jury Court yesterday. Tho plaintiff (Thomas Fox), at one timo carrying on business in Goorgo-street as a draper, ia suing tho Horn. Dr. Kenwick and W. J. Trickett, as executors of tho will of tholatoMaryAnnFo-, to recover tho sum of £t(iS, which ho claims to bo duo to him for son-iocs ren- dered to tho deceased from 188a to 1889, in looking after her property in King-htrcot, as to touants, repairs, -c, and in endeavouring to Bolitho pro- perty. Plaintiff btated in his ovidouco that at tho timo Mrs. Fox requested him to undorteko the duties referred to she haid that her means would not allow her to pay him then, but that ho would bo paid when the property was sold, or upon hor death, and as tho executors denied Mrs. Fox's indebtedness ho was forced to sue. It was stated by plaintiff's oounsol that eiiico Mrs. Fox's death two of deceased's ser- vants had boon paid-ono £300, and the other £100. Tho plaintiff's case was not concluded. THE aotion Rudd v. the Railway Commissioners for New Sonth Wnles, which has been under tho consideration of Mr. Justice Stephen and a jury for several days past, and has attracted tho interest of a largo numbor of pooplo, was concluded in tho No. 2 Court yosterday. His Honor, in u lengthy summing up, roferred to tho remarkable contradic- tions which bud occurred throughout tho ovidence, not only in regard to tho main f aot as to whether the acudont hnd or had not happonod, but alBO on the equally important points as to tho negligcnco charged against tho tram officials, and whether plaintiff, if injured at nil, had not grossly exaggerated tho result of tho accident, and carefully simulated physical pain and disability. His Honor, though with evident reluctanco, said ho could not holp ooming to tho conclusion that thora was perjury on ono sido or the other, but ho pointed out to the jury thut it was not within its provinoo to say so, nor was it necessary, and all that the jury had to do was to carefully consider the evidonco, and say in whoso favour tho balance of testimony tondod. Tho jury, after about an hour's consideration, rotnmod a verdict for the defendants, and added that ii tho accident had really happened it had not been proved to the jury'« satisfaction. A CASE possessing some interesting features was mentioned in Chambers, boforo Mr. Justico Win- deyer, yofterday. It was an application on behalf of S. L. Harwood for a rulo nisi calling upon Dr. Manning, Inspector- General of Asylums for Insane, and Drs. Hetherington and Vause, of Bay Viow Private Lunatic Asylum, Tempo, to show cause why a writ of habeas corpus should not ho issued to deliver up to 'applicant ono' Mary Dix Harwood, at present a patiout at Bay View. Tho application was based upon the obligation that Miss Harwood, though insane, was not a dangerous patient, and might therefore bo safely ontrustod to tho caro of her relatives. Adopting tho suggestion thrown out by Mr. Robert Smith, acting Crown Solicitor, tho matter was referred to tho Judge in Lunacy, and the application was adjourned for that purpose. AN application wasmado to Mr. Justico Monning yesterday by Mr. John Cash Noild, arising out of Mr. Noild's parliamentarycandidaturo for Padding- ton. The motion was submitted under seo. 92 of tho Bankruptcy Act, and it was to reverso the act of the official assignee in olaiming tho £-10 deposited by Mr. Noild at tho election. In consequence of the offioial assigneo (Mr. Morris) not boing reidy to proceed with the case, a postponement vus granted until Monday. His Honor ordeicd that in the meantime the money bo paid into court. IN the No. 3 Jury Court yestorday tho mly matter that ongoged tho attention of a jury wagon action instituted by Mossra. J. T. and J. Toohey, brewers, to recover from Henry F. Davis, licensee of the Oriental Hotel, Circular Quay, the sum of _70t 19s 9d, repre- senting monoy lent to the defondant, with interest thereon, and money paid away on the defendant's bohulf. Tho aotion was unde- fended. The debt was proved, and a verdiot given for tho full amount. His Honor Mr. Justico Windeyer, at tho request of Mr. H. E. Cohen and Mr. B. R. Wiso, allowed the matter of Chnppoll and another v. Broughton to stand over till Monday next. Mr. Wise said the matter had been practically settled, but tho postponement was ncoessary in order to allow of tho terms of the settlement being sot forth in writing. The caso of tho Meroantilo Bank of Sydnoy v. Christian was also allowed to stand over till Monday. Morgan v. Lorax nnd Harvey v. Brown were struck out of the list owing to the non- appearance of suitors, and M'Gillivray v. Bibby and others was allowed to stand over till the next sittings of tho Court. AT the Water Polico Court yosterday Alfred Austin Gallagher was oharged with having altered a chequo with intent to defraud. As tho prose- cutor did not wish to go on with tho case, tho accused was discharged. Mr. Bull, who appeared for tho accused, Btated that "io wholo affair had boon a misconception. AT the Contrai Polico Court yesterday, Samuel Crossland waa charged with having unlaw- fully presented a loaded rovolver at Minnio Kill with intent to do her griovous bodily hlrm. Accused was remanded on bail until to-morrov. A sfAü namod Henry Scnllin, 33, a quarrynan, living at North Shore, mot with an accidontyes torday. Ho was hauling a stono by moans 'of a crane, when the handle was jerked Out of his land, and while revolving with great rapidity it struck Scullin in tho face. The man was taken te the Sydney Hospital, whore ho was found to have received injuries to the forehead, upper lip, and tongue. A SEBVICH for the purpose of bidding farew≪ to tho Reva. A. A. Mooloren and Copeland Eng, missionaries, who aro about to set forth for work in New Guinea, was held in St. Andrew's Cathedral last night. The building was ¿most filled, many of tho olergy and prominent laity being present. The Primate, Arohdoacon Eng, and tho Very Rov. tho Dean, took part in tht ser- vice. After the lessons had been read the Primate preached a sermon in which ho bado farewell and God-spcod to the two ministers who were about to go into tho mission-field. They were sent with prayer and bencdietioi to pioneer work in a now spiritual 3old. The work of the Church was primarily on ovajgol istio and mission work. The Now Guinea Miision wa» specially a work for Australia. It had been much before the people during the time he had been among them, and now after much prepantion two brethren were about to set forth for the feld. The texts on which ho based his disocurso were Joshua i., 9, "Havo I not commanded thee? Bo strong and of good courage; bo not afraid, noithcr bo thou dismayed, for the Lord thy God is with theo wheresoever thou gotst." Aota i., 8, " But ye shall reoeive powor after tho Holy Ghost is come upon you." Finit Epstlo St. John, iv., 14, " And wehave Beenanddotertify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world." AT the monthly meeting of the Sydney Congre- gational Ministers' Fraternal Association, repre tenting 36 ministers resident 'in Sydney and suburbs, held on Tuesday, the following resolution was unanimously agreed to ¡-"That this meeting laving learned with regret that there is a posai hUity of a strike among the shearers of Now South Wales, and a prospect of disturbances suoh as paralysed the great industry of Queensland recently, expresses the hope that tile conferenco asked for by tho representatives of labour may bo granted, and a satisfactory settlement arrived at." THE anniversary servioes in connection with the Point Piper-road Congregational Sunday-school wero held on Sunday lost. Sermona wero proachod, in tho morning by the Rev. W. Dill Maoky, and in the evening by the Rev. J. Fordyco, M.A., the pastor of the ohuroh. Tho annual tea, followed by a publio meeting, presided over by the pastor, wta^ held in the sohool-room on Tuesday »vening, and waa numerously attended. Many of the former friends and adhérente of tho chnrch were present. The annual report waa read by Mr. Nelson, the secretary, and the treasurer's statement by Mr. F. Hall. Addresses bearing upov Sunday school work were delivered by the Riy. John Walker (Presbyterian} and Meun. J. G. r" son and T Pratt, two former supenntendente of the Behool The meeting waa closed by the Bev H T Bobjohns, M A , pronouncing tho bene- diction Tia annual meeting of tho Now South Wales Church Union was hold in tho Temperance Hall, Titt Btreot, lastovoning Dr Zaohary Pocock pro Bided, and tho following wero present -Bov P C Anderson, Messrs Churchill, Ii Collard, J Watson, G H Moore, and F T Fitzmaunco An apology for non-attendanco was recoiv ed from tho Bev P R Spry Bailey Tho president's address roferrod regretfully to tho resignations sinco tile lost unnual mooting of tho hon secretary, Mr Perkins and ulso one of tho vico prcsidonts, Mr lennant Donaldson It was ¡jrnhfving to note tho lncreoso in tho mein bcr-iliip of the union, dcspito the hindrances it tncoi-tciod, foremost among which was ignoranco and its offspring prejudice Dr Pocock also con- demned tbo present method of imparting roligious instruction in onr Public sohools Tho balanco sheot submitted w as of a satiEfactory nature The following oiheers wero elootod for the ensuing j ear -President, Dr Zachary Pocock , vice presidents., C mon Kemmis, Mr C E Jeanneret, and Viscount HO fa- , hon secs , Mr _ T lit/maiuico and fiev P O Anderson hon ticasurer Mi Janies H "dutson members of eouncd ltov PBS Bailey, Messrs H Collard andr Churchill Mi n W Littlowos elect si a delegate to tho Church Union in England \T tho Harris-street Baptist Church, last even- ing tho Rov J? J Malyon dehv ered a lecturo on ' Theosophj, a foo to Christianity " Mr Miller occupied tho chair lhere was a moderato attend- ance Mi Malyon said that somo letter- writers had distuicUj attirmcd, -without any qualification, that there was no necessity for any porson who received tho tenets of Thcosophy to abandon Christianity That waa tho statement which ho was spociallj goin,j to combat that evening Afer pointing out that thero wus some soul of groatnosa in things ovil, ho went on to B ly that modem loaders of thought w ero actually roturmng to tho ideas of long past ages Open intercourse w ith demons was being renew ed on a vast Beale in Christendom, numerous circles wero carrying on magical practices, attempts wero being modo to restore the ancient mysteries, the old mesmeric prooesses wero again to tho foro , staigoras weia increasing, mid many zealous student« wero endeav ouring to re-establish astro- logy, whilo the uso of tho div_ung rod -was again being advocated All these old super- stitious vv ero floating back to us on tho tide of modern thought, and in accordance with tho spirit of tho ago they presented themselves as tho fruits of scieuro The lecturer proceeded to tiaco tho history of Thcosophy, and to e^tplam its objeots, quoting from Madam Blavatsky's book " Isis Un v eiled " Ho saidthatLady Jcmoy in areoont article ou tho subject had montionod four of tho cardinal aims of Thoosophy, but bo was oxtremoly surprised that she liad omitted tho fifth object of tho society, namely, tho destruction of Christianity lu proof that this was ono of tho objects of tbo Thooso phists ho quoted somo remarks on Christianity from ' Isis Unveiled," vol i , pagos 41 and 42 It w ould thus, tho lecturer said bo seen that this foo of Christianity made a formal deolaiation of w11 Ho proceeded to dwell upon tho leading doe trine of 'lheosophy, nainelj, tho pro existenco and perieetibibty of tho soul, and declared it to bo a dal ing and blasphemous attempt to deny God tho Tathcr and his son Jesus Christ, anil to sot bcloro us m a manner peculiarly seductivo _e old Satauio temptation, " Thou Bhalt be as God " At tho con- clusion votes of thunks wero passed to tho lccturor and chairman, and tho meeting closed with dovo bonal exercises A MAMUCKVI__ latepayor draws attention to the state of tho Livingstone road and foot- path in front of Wet Marrickville Public School lu our correspondent's opinion it is really shamofnl that something is not hero dono to onable tho little children to got to the school with their feet dry AN advorhsomont in another column announces that a complimentary banquet is to bo given to Mr J Garrard in the lown Hall, Balmain, on tho 10th instant AT tho Bondi Aquarlnm this ovemng there will bo a penonnauco by tho Ivanhoe Menstool Company fhe grounds will bo illuminated by moans of the electric light. Special trams haYO boon arranged Tn_ " History of Australia Luutoru Lecturo " will bo delivered to night in tho Glebe lown Hull 