The WarnefordGihost. " The house is -very full, Florence .and I thought you would not mind sleeping in this toom," said Mary Warneford, aseshe ushertd e-e into'a large, airy bedroom, into which the bright raya of the setting sun were streaming gloriously on acertain alternoon'in a by-gone June. "I really see "no visible reason why I should do so," I replied jeetingly, with a smile. "I think "it about as charming a room as it well can be." "The room is fairly pleasant in its way," she returned carelessly. " Only, as .you know, it issuopposed to be haunted." "Haunted 7?" I repeated, rather aghast. " Do you mean to say that this is the haunted room I" " Yes, it is the room that is said to be haunted," she replid quietly. " Do you ob ject to it? If so, pray say so, dear." Her words woke me to a sense of my duty to my hostess. " Oh, dear, no," I replied quickly. "1 I call it most interesting ?" "Veryinteresting, no doubt, to those who believe in ghosts," she returned quietly. " I do not,or I need scarcely say I should not have put you in this room." " 01 course, I know that, and of course the ghost question is all nonsense," I agreed lightly. "Just so, dear," she returned in the same tone. "I knew you were blessed with a little common sense, and that was why I selected you as a suitable occupant for this room. We all know that you are quite above anythiog of this sort, and do not possess such inconvenient things as ' nerves.'" And with this flattering assurance ringing in my ears I found myself alone in the haunted room at Warneford Abbey. I looked curiously around it. A charm ing room certainly, but haunted. the haunted room. Now the haunted room at Warneford Abbey was about as well known as the haunted house in Berkeley square, and for years it had b-en closely locked against all possible intruders. it was an understood fact that the late Sir Charles Warneford did not like any mention of the \V'arneford ghost to be made in his presence. There had been a chbarming mystery about the Warneford haunted room. Everyone told a different story about it, and everyone was quite sure that his version of it was the true one. Some people swore it was a man; some people knew for a fact it was a woman; others were sure it was a monster, too dread ful in its hideousness to be described, and others had been told, on reliable authority, that it had a tail and cloven feet, and its form altogether was the reverse to heavenly. But when Mary's husband, the present btronet, came into the property, which he did very shortly before the time this story begins, he took quite an original view of the case, and proclaimed for and wide that there was no ghost at all, much less a monster. Mary backed him up about it. They un locked the room, had it thoroughly done up and refurnished, and gave it to be understood that they could not understand how anyone in his senses could possibly have believed that there could have been a word of truth in any of those old, foolish, superstitious stories. And it was thus Mary coolly introduced the first guest into that haunted room. Did I quite like it when I found myself alone there? Of course it is nice to be told that you pcssess plenty of common sense, and that your nerves are good; and equally, of coursre, to proclaim yourself no wiser than your neighbors, and your nerves only indif ferent, in the face of such high praise, is a moral impossibility; but there is a great deal of difference between proclaiming a thing and thinking it. My duty to my hostess had forced me to treat the matter in it conventionally light manner; but no sooner did I find myself alone than I began to think that there is an unnecessary amount of conventionality in the world, and that it one migst sometimes indulge in an outbreak of sincerity it would be an infinite relief to one's feelings. But I had not indulged in one, and thereI was in the haunted room, feeling very much as the man who once jumped a big fence by accident, and ever afterward had to keep up his character as a hard rider, must have felt. I gazed around the room in an awestruck manner, and came quickly to the conclusion that the thing I liked the least in it was the bed. A heavy, dark, old bedstead, on which was carved innumerable extremely unattrac tive objects. Hoads of murderous-looking men and women, interwoven among horrible, open-mouthed animals, which had never been copied from any of the species supposed to have come out of the asrl, and were not the less ghastly because their proportions were a physical impossibility. No, I certainly aid not like the bed in which I was doomed to sleep that night at all. However, lucky for my peace of mind, I had not much time to spare in meditation. We had arrived just in time to dress for dinner- papa, Molly and I-and when Mary left me I had only half an hour in which to unpack my dressing-care, rummage in my box for some evening clothes, and dress my self for dinner. Molly was the beauty of our family, and, therefore, of course, monopolised the almost undivided attention of our maid. We spent a pleasant enough evening. Mary understood thoroughly how to keep things going, and it was long after twelve o'clock when we ladies trooped upstairs to bed. Molly came into my room for a few moments, and commented condescendingly upon the fact that it was a nice room. I fancied she was rather annoyed to find it much larger and more elaborately furnished than her own. Molly was a capital girl in some ways, but just a trifle spoilt in others, and she used to like to be thought a very important young Slady, and to get the best of everyhing. Any way, she did not stay long with mus that evening, but, after a few remarks as to how Mies Jameson Carr-Murton - the latest American beauty-had hated her all the evening,and how muc miore she would hate her before thile next few days were over, she went yawning off to her own room. S It was next door to mine. Once again I found myself alone in the haunted room. But this time I was resolved not to think about it. I was nervous, and I knew that the more my mind dwelt upon the matter, the more nervus I should become, and so I bustled energeticllly about the room, heaped coals upon thie lire, which, had the season had its due, ought to have been conspicuous by its absence, and began to undreEss. I had not mentioned onything about it to * lolly. Talking about it would only have made it worse, and .Molly would probably only have laughed at me had I done so, for sinc be she was not going to sleep in the haunted room herself, she would certainly have been disposed to treat the ghost ques tionlightly. A tap at my door, and Mareden,our maid, entered the room. "I shall not want anything to-night, Marsden," I exclaimed, upon seeing her. " If you willexeuse my doing so, I wish to say a few words to you, my lady," she re plied in a rather nervous manner. "There are some terrible tales going down in the housekeepers's room, my lady, about this room," she said, in a mysterious whisper. "Thank you, Marsdesn. I know all about it, though. Haunted ?" I replied with would be-sndifferenoe. "Yes, my lady, terribly haunted, I believe; and, not feeling quite happy about your ladysbip's sleeping here, I took the liberty of looking about the room a little this even ing." "'Thank you again, Mareden, for thinkinog of me. Well. and what have you discoveredi" I returned lightly. "This, my lady," she replied quietly, draw ing aside a curtain as she spoke, and disclos ing behind it a small panelled door. '" Is it a cupboard ?" i inquired. "No, my lady," she replied, opening the door and revealing a small, narrow, extremely steep, winding flight of stairs. "I don't know where it leads to," she continued solemnly, "but I don't like the looks of it." As a matter of fact no more did I. - "We will look this door, Mareden," I re turned with'decision. '"There is neither key nor bolt, your lady ship," she exclaimed protestingly. And, seeing that lse was right in this, I was forced to hide my fears, and, feigning indifference, to put an end to the matter by dismiseing her. But no sooner had she left me than I seized a candlestick and hurried into Molly's room. 1 had 'iven up all idea of sleeping alone in the Warneford Abbey haunted room. Molly already was sleeping soundly, but without a moment's consideration I woke her. " What is it, dear?" she inquired drowsily. " Wake up, Molly, I want to talk to you," I replied briskly, sitting down on the loot of her bed. " Can I sleep in here with you ?" "My dear Florence, just look at the bed I" abe exclaimed, sitting up as she spoke, and bestowing an indignant glance upon me. "It is certainly rather small," I replied dolefully. " Small I Indeed it is. 1 assure you it is nearly halt a yard too short, and as to turn ing over in it, it is a sheer impossibility," she returned testily. : "Oh, I am so glad l' I exclaimed, and meant what I said." " Glad ?"she repeated, " Very glad; becaue I have a huge double bed in my room, and I want you to share it with me." But, my dear, I am so sleepy, and I know you will talk all night." "No, indeed I will not, Molly," I assured her. "You must come, really. The room is haunted." " Haunted ?" " Yes; haunted. Mary has given me the haunted room, and I assure you 1 don't like it." " I will come, Florence," she agreed at once. " 1 call this too bad of Mary. We cannot both sleep in here; and, of course, you cannot tleep alone there." And, without furtherdelay, ehe put on her dressing.gown and followed me into my room. It soon became evident to me that she looked upon the forthcoming night as a rather exciting adventure, and that upon the whole she was prepared to, milo upon me for having sought her protection. Just as she was getting into bed her atten tion was attracted by my friend, the bed stead, and she peered curiously at it for ,several minutes in her near-sighted way. " 1 call that distinctly nasty," she re marked with would-be gaiety. "I wonder if one can sleep comfortably in that bed 1" "Shall we try ?" returned, suiting my tone to here; and before long we both had our Heads on the pillows, and silence reigned in the haunted room. So complete was the silence that I believed Molly to have gone to sleep almost im mediately. I was rather restless myself, but was just dozing off at last, when alolly turned over so violently two or three times that sae left me absolutely without bed clothes. I was obliged to remonstrate, al though reluctant to do so because of her good-nature in coming into my haunted room with me. " You pulled all the bedclothes off when you turned over the last time, dear," I pro tested gently. '-I really should not have disturbed you about it if you had left the sheet, but-" "Pray take them all," she replied shortly. Molly's temper was rather short sometimes. " Thib is a most uncomfortable arrange ment." " Do not be cross," I suggested calmly. "Let us go to sleep," she agreed. This time nothing happened to disturb us, and we both did go to sleep, and slept for several hours, When 1 next awoka I did so with a start, and trembling all over sat bolt upright in bed. My breath came in quick, spasmodic gasps, my heart beat wildly, and my eyes be came fixed in a horrid stareupon the curtain which covered the secret door. Undeniably there were footsteps coming slowly and stealthily down the hidden stair case I .aTheirb iijrndfaimly I s eh g i rate; eaiting an unnatural, ghostly light over the scene, and horribly weird did that large, oak pannelled room look by that feeble,flickering light. Utterly powerless to move or speak, I sat therein a waking nightmare as those foot steps come nearer and nearer, until at last they stopped just outside the door. I tried to close my eyes; but no, some strange, uncanny influence seemed to hold them riveted upon the curtain which pre sently was slowly drawn aside. Very stealthily the emaciated figure of a very tall woman entered the room. Slowly and noiselessly this black-robed figure crossed over to one of the windows, pulled back the curtains with a long blue-white hand, and stood gazing outward in the soft brilliant light of the full moon. Still unable to stir a filger or utter even a single word, I seemed to live a lifetime, while that shrouded figure stood there in that weird light with-ita back toward me. Suddenly it moved, turned toward me, and began to rapidly move across the room toward the bed in which I lay. Murder and insanity were plainly visible upon the face of the woman who approached me. Her long cloak was thrown back, and in her right hand she held a large and extremely awkward looking knife. But, ah, Heaven, the relief of it I It was a living woman with whom I had to deal I Another second and I had roused Molly, and was out of bed, struggling with my foe, whom I so much surprised by the quickness of my movements that, with only the matter of two unpleasant gashes, one on my hand and another on hers, I succedingin wresting the knife from her and throwing it far away out of the open window. Then it merely became a case of physical strength ; and, as I was luckily a strongly built woman, I held my own very satiefac torily against her, until Molly brought every one in the house into the haunted room by her screams in the corridor outside it. It proved to bo the housekeeper, who had lived at Warnefold for nearly fifty years, and whom no one had ever connected with the ghost in the haunted room, although the servants declareI thoat they had always known that she sufered from fits of insanity but that they had never cared to mention it, knowing that she was a favorite and a valu able old rervant. They had believed her to be quite harmless. A little mistake, by the way, which might have been awkward for me. Tui: amount of heat which the sun sends forth every second is calculated to be so great that it would ieqluire 12 quadirillions of tens of coal to produce it-an amnount quite beyond the power of tlie common mind to grnasp. The amount of water which it raiees from the earth every minute is estimatrd at the enormous weight ot 37,01,000.060g of tons. Tine eting of the bee is so peculiarly con structed that if you pull it out, instead of re lieving the pain, it adds greatly to it, for in stead of pulling out the poison. you push it into the tlesh. This is not generally known, hence the severer pain from the sting. Scrape the sting out immediately with a knife, and you scrape the poison out also, onl soon for get you have been stung. Tue Canadian Government ceased to grant assisted passages to emigrants in July, 1SS9; but the statistics of the port of Montreal show that 8.589 emigrants arrived in that city last year, against 7,'J31 the year before, and that the immigration is now of a better class than formerly, the amonet of money brought by the new-comers havingrisen from £85,140 to £99.,80. Of last year's arrivals it should be said that 1,033 were on their way to the United States. THE almost universal verdict of German scientists is against smokingand snuff taking as extremely injurious. Bilroth, the famous Vienna surgeon, says : " That the posterity of the niootinised and alsoholised higher society is becoming steadily weaker and more nervous, is by no means surprising. The colossal increase of nerve and mind diseases in our day is undoubtedly the result, to a great extent, of the tobacco and alcohol habit, and of the straining of the nervous yrstem oauled by thes poisons." 