TULE IED GHIOST DAN CE, (NEW TO11K WUILD, .ovmnrnn 2.) Thle snake dance of the Moqui Indians, the strange sun dance of the northern tribes, the roar dance of the hostiles, and the peace dance with which some tribes of men ratify their treaties have all been described. The weird ghost dance with which the Sioux and Shos hours are now celebrating what they believe to be the approach of the Indian tnilennium has never been described, for the reason pro bably that it has never been witnessed by a whiteman. And in the pr.sent feeling among the powerfful bands encamped here and at Ilosebvd, as well as farther to the west and north, inColorado and Montana, it is doubtful if any white man known tohave teen a ghost anace wrould live to talk or write much about it. For the very motive of the ghost dancois the resurrection of all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the whiteman tirst set feoot on American soil and the extermination of the whites. And the power to work out this tremendous consummation is to come from tlhe wonderful Mlesciah, the lied Saviour. reported months ago to havo conme down front tle happy hunting grounds and lighted on the top ot a mount tin pe k il south-eastern ~anTotain nm the wild country on tile borders 'of tile National Park. Thitt mcch alarm is felt t~ the wlite men hereabouts who understand the matter is shown by the gravity with which Che situation is die cussed. Thie Indians, instead of attending to their farms and stock and schools, living in their cabins and tpees, andil pursuing their onse toernary loafing and visits to the agency build. ings, act as though under a spell. The Indian agents themselves, who-are in the main careful and experienced men out here, look serious when asked their views-of the situation. '':-Agent Charles WI. Jordan, now licensed trader at Rosebud, looked troubled when asked the attitude of Op shilla Sioux, into which band he married, and im which hlie holds the rank of "'White Chief." (He said the Indians were his brothers and so ware the whites, and he hoped for peace. But ho did notquiet the lofears of my fnformant, who sumcceeded last evening in gat tiig a glimpse of_sa qlost dance in progress at the big cansmp?i?ve a??`u?tlee from this agency, where the most *fanatical' apostles of the now Messiah are msaid to have made their appear ance. The situation-at the famous Standing BIock Agency, wtaere'Sitting Bull has been oendea vouring to r-aise a revolt on the strength of the promised aid of the New Messiah, is oven more serious thnnsat either Rosebud or Pine Ridge. Agent 3MLaughli has indeed forwarded to INashingtton a formal report on the general dis affection, showing the alarming extentto which it prevails. Sitting Bul and Kicking Horse, the great Sioux prophet, are about equally re sponsible for it. 'hey predict the arrival of the Ited Msen's Mtillenmum as not later than the growth of the now grass in Matchl, 1891. It is said thrt Red Cloud, the ablest and wisest of aill the Sioux chiefe, revealed tile plot to M'Laghlin. Sitting Bull, who has long beeat incalw.cittted by illuois from active chieftain ship, lhas regained his strength, and is fero ciousl' desirous of a war sgainst the " pale faces. ' He points to his warlike feats on the battle.fleld of the Little Big H'orn, where Custer and his troop were exterminated, and .has formed a band of :300 avengers, mostly young-,bucks, whonm hehas worked up to a fevsr.heat by his glowing accounts of the resto ration of the Sioux nation to its supremacy isa the North-west. His braves rely on his reso titian that all the dead Sioux will rise from their 5reaves and that their numbers, with these re Ifesrcoments, will be amply sufficient to drive out and " wipe out" the vwhite man even were they.nlot to receive direct supernatural aid, described later on in this letter, from thetl Great Spirits-himself. Kicking Horse goes so far as to say that he has mande a personal visit to the happy hunting grounds through a " hole in thie lcuos," and that he there beheld untold thou sands of red warriors all in war paint, armed aith .their lanices and bows sand arrows, anid anointed with a mysterious oil which relders their bodies bullet proof should the whites dare to show fight. But Kicking Horse professes to believe that tile white mant will be so overawed by the iumbors of the returning braves that theywill retire without violence. Sitting Baull, who represents the irrecon cilables, as lied Cloud does the " progressivu" Indisns, is supposed to be the chief whom the :Great Spirit will commission to lead the red I.men to victory. In the wake of their trium phant progress the grass will grow waist-high uand the prairies be thick with buffalo and ante. lope. The story that Sitting Bull has been ,mider the spiritualistic influence of a " Mrs. C. Weldon, of Brooklyn," who came here to see 'ldm in 1889, and has had communication with the Great. Spisit through her, is believed to be ,without foundation. The ghost dance seems to be intended as a solemn notification to the Indian dead that they .are now needed on earth to help the remnant .of their people exterminate the whites and seize their own. aain. It is also a ceremonial welcomte, in anticipatiou of the returning braves, and it is at the same time a dirge. -'Whether the white men, who are. all to die when the. Messiah makes his appearance, tire -mo drinadvance in the dirge movomen 'of athie; aant which is part of the ghost da, co seems ,ard. to surmise. But the wild satrils, which.my informant's half-breed instructio in these. ghostly mysteries said foretold the red men'sslnal triumpl, were, according to his de -eription, certainly ferocious enough to satisfy the wildest sensation-lover. :The camp this friendly half.breed led his white companion to spy upon is in a hollow surrounded by low bare hills. From summit to summit .across the valley would perhaps be a mile. The waggons of the braves - many of them as farmers and freighters now have their?horsesasd waggont-ara corralled inthe centre of the valley. A hringe of tentsskirts the borders of the camp, and a scone or so of painted tepees are the lodging places of the irreconcilable old squaws and bucks, who have .nevergiven in, to i"progressive" notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like white people. The oxen, bulls and cows, pigs and chickens issued to these Indians by the Government for breeding purposes-for in the eye of the law most of them are farmers--have ieen driven into the valloeyalso, and are larilited or cooped otL the out-kirts of.the camp, whore they are being killed and eaten at a rapid rate. The atmnsphero was dank aiss murky whesn, two nights ago, my half.hrceed friend set out for the camp. After an hour's laborious walk, and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of the hill to the west of the camp was reached about 9 o'clock. The.lights of the camp fires, on which the evening meal had been cooked. weroe gradually allowed to die out and several old squawcs could plainly be seen mnoving in and .out amonsg the darluniltgs eilbors. About three hundred yards east of the foot of the hill on which the spies wore seated it a clump of stunted evargreens was an olpen spsce, of an acre it extent, towards which tile squnws seemed now urging, now driving the rest of the band. Around thc.outer rim of this open space fires were kinidled of woodt that seemsed ;tohave been smudged, as there was little or no flame, ontly a dull red glow and a profuse pale grey smoke, lwhichl. risilg fromt all sides at once, formcted a sort of canopy over tile scene, thirough this cloud by fits and stairts the old squaws could be seen forming tile warriors in rows around tile eastern edge of the expanse, writh theo younger bucks and squaws in row behind them. The warriors in the fronstroow were kneeling, tie squaws behind them sit ting, and the younger bucks standing belhitd them. Then thle old squaws retired to thle western edge of the open ground, where they were screened from olservation ih the bush, and remained out of sight for about ten minutes. During this time tile picturo was wilt and impressive in au unusual degree. Seenby the smtoulderinsglight of tile fires built in a long oval about forty feet infront of the lilloe, thie warriors, with their womeni and childron bo hiild them. knelt, or sat and stood in absolute silence. Thley were all waiting-just what for tile half- breed on the hill didn't know. WVhent a fire wouthl hiurn up too bright and illuminate too clearly the solemn groups near it, a sqluaw would go and pull the fagots away from the coals ansd subdue the fiames. 1Vihen the old squaws returned they joinod Ihantds and krnelt dovwnI to tile centre of the oplen. Thioy began chlanting what souhded at first like a death song, but now anli agsain swelled ilto savagely triumphant yells. The smoke only started at ittervals asid while the chant was going on, but while the strange scene was shut from view the warriors advanced fromnt the ranks anld, joining hands it a larger circle around the old squaws, hegasn the ghiostdsnhce. Their ciast was less shrill than that started by the squaws and was not so plhainly heard. A portion of it seemed lamentation for their dead; tho caine the ivrocation to thie dead to ariso and cone heolptheir bretheren extennrminate the white man. Thile squaws had tnot been observed to leave the circle tlhey hahd formed, hut as thse warriors' chant swehllcd inito what thie half-breed said was the invocation to the departed Sioux to come back to earth, tihe old hugs, ole by one, stole like shadows under the liiked arms of the braves, eatch with a biurninsg stick in her shrivelled hand, the light from which fell with grey ghastliness on her paintted face. This light for the first time made visible to the watchers tile facess tile hiravesthem= selves, and it was now seen that they were in full war paint. THE aIo CHIEF AND AGENT. The old women passed throughl the circle like a procession of spectres each carrying a taper of grave-wax tolight hler unaccustomed feet over the rough surface of the valley. At all events that was what their wild peformnnce looked liko from the hill- top, and before the processionhadmorothan half passedthrough lhe circle the smoke grew soan thick and the cliduds above thevalrey so densoethat the ihalf- breed spy deolared the immediate necessity of aretiiri tothe Agency. Enough had ben een:of' the ghost, saucst, which 'had then 'barely be· gun.' for. report says' it lists. welli.jnt tthe: mornles, tiand;inaced til everybody onnctedtl w'?|itb it. m exhausted, to' bring out~bhderIy at lenstone significant fact. And that was that the bucks had war paint on their faces; There is talk here that thle Mormons are on couraging the Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Idaho Insdlians to look forward to the extermi nation of the soldiers, agents, and all the white men in authority-except the Mormons- when the Red Saviour comes. That strange Indians who may have come from the West, and may even claim to have been in the immediate vicinity of tile new Messiah, have recently joined the Sioux at these agencies is indis putable. They are spoken of as apostles of the new religion, and it is by their advice that the Indians have gathered into camps, given up work of all kinlds and gone to eating, praying, singing and dancing-until the Millenuium comes. APOSrLES OF TIIE NEW CREED. The excitement b gaun among the S oux at the great cotuncil of she Sioux nation, held about the middle of September on Bad River, some fifteen miles above Pierre, S. Dak, White mren were excluded from the council, just as they are from the ceremonies in the camps in this vicinity, but a very well informed gentleman, inmed WV. T. Tomkins, who has ridden in pursuance of his business during the past few weeks through a greatdeal of the Sioux country, says that this fanatical mania which seems to have laid hold of the Dakota red man is the directresult of the ex hortations of the Indian emissaries from Mon. tina, where the Messiah was said flr:t to have been seen last spring. Who in the East had supposed that this strange agitation about a Messiahihad reached such a pitch among the Red men thatemissa ries were actually despatched many hundreds of miles from one tribe to another'to urge them to make ready for the appearanco of their " Redeemer PI And who hasaet heard thisIndian Messiah's creed? Its main article is tie belief that the present surface of the North American cmnti tent will be covered thirty feetdeep by a now stratum of soil, which shall be inhabited by Indians only, and be t'hick with game as were the prairies before.thewhiteo mancame. Beneath this now-stratum the wfLitenman and'his cities and his ,railroads and h's steamboats and-hie civilisation shall be ' .d,'in the twinklingof an eve, and the New World shall be as if it had never mkown him, or at least as it was 300 years. ago. But the Indians-and here is a strange thing-shall not be whelmed in the general ruin. They will be endowed with a sunernatural strength to wrestle with the difficulties of the occasion,- and will. squirm though the new soil until, after much labour and many fears and lamentations, the Red man shall at last struggle out, to the new surface of the new .earth where they will find grass waist high and immense herds of buffalo, antelope, and wild horses ready at hand . There is somethin' touching in this happy restoration. To reachi it the red muasu mniit Inlss through his purgatory-the new earth stratem. 'No pale face will eover be penuitted to imr thoesnernity of these Elsian Fields, nor will the Fame die out or'le driven away. Visions of these veritable Happy Hinuting Grounds are seen-in the ghost. dnice by tlhe warriors, who spin around in a religious delirium untd they fall in a trance. In this trance the ghosts of the dead braves and d(linarted chiefs are said to cooeeeund tell them of the new glories to crown the red mans. This by some is said to give its stneoento thedance. GENEIIL INDIAN DISBTURANCES. Thio outbreak of the White River Utes, who havenleft thie reservation in Utah and gone inte Colorado to kill stock, is believed here to be partof a general uprising preliminary to the apmperance ini the flesh of ihe Indian Messiah. Itistknown that the Nez Perces near Mullen. Idaho, to the number of 400, have appeared in a band at that town and presented a formal do. mend that the whites leave the country, "to which they have no title." These are the same NeaPerces who took part in the massacre of 1877\. They are dissatistied with theirreeerval tion atLa 'Pivia, and are said to threaten again to overrun that vast stretch of northern Idaho known as CamasPrairio. The excitement among the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and Comanches is scarcely less. Cap. tain-Trimbletoen, of the Seventh United States Cavalry, Commandantat Fort Sill, is known to have declared within a few weeks that in his opinion " the greatest Indian uprising of recent times is certain to come soon," as "the Indians have got the idea that tile Great Medicine Man isecommg to wipe out the whites and restore to them the ownership of the country." Captain Trimbleton is known as a man of experience and discretion. His declaration that the 5,00( Indians about Fort Sill have . renounced Christianity and entered upon a series of incan. tations and fanatical orgies is certainly worthy of note. Whether or not the Government should double the frontier garrisons is a ques. tiou for the Government to decide. ARE TILE SIOUX STARVLOG The opinion in this part of Dakota is that tie eioux have been so badly treated by the Government lately that their disaffection has much to justify it. The settlers talong the edges of the great Sioux reservation aroe un. doubtedly alarmed. These are the facts, to which tere is abun. dant testimony, on which it is asl the Sioux miuake out a strong ease in equity aglinet'Uncle Sam. In June, 1889, the Sioux sigSed a treaty for tile cession of a part of their reservation to ths Government. They have not received one centeftthe consideration due them for that ces sion. General Crook was with tile commission that secured their signatures to tile treaty.: General Grooeek had been theirconqueror, and afterwards their benefactor and friend. - Tey know him and believed in him, and thero is ino doubt that it was owing very largely to his in iluence that the treaty was ratified. it was General Creok who promised tile 'Siorx that the Governmeoit would pay them in full and promptly fortheirlanls, and that their rights should -be rapected. Tile Sioux have been repeatedly deceived by agents of the United States ,Government, notably when tIle attempt, 4thatso nearly resulted, in 1878, in war, was made toremove them by force to the Mis souri River, -butthey trusted Crook. Now that Crook is dead -the .chiefs say that his Govern. scent has failed absolutely to carry out his pro Osing to Tho -delay in tile passage by Con gross of the Indian Applropriation Bill not only the Sioux, but the 'Indians of the entire country have beeu and are suffering for food. It is now October, andtlhe supplies due in July have snot yet been sent out to them. As are. sult they listen all -the more eagerly to the eminissaries who have come from that part of Montana where the Messiah is said to have been seen. The idea of an approaching millennium and the extinction of the whites renders tihe reservation Indians all the more willing to eat their breeding shiep, cattle, and fowls, and quit work of every kind. Tile Sioux at these twoagencies--Pine ilidge and Rosebod-are re. ceiving scarcely anything at all, even under tile reduced census apportionment, instead of thie full rations they are entitled to. All this timle since July the Government suaD plies ount Ihere have been, of course, diminishing. IThere will soon he nothing at all on hand to feed the Indians except scanty rationse of beef. Suppose, as has been tile ease in tihe past, extra rations of beef were issued to take the place of the ratiolns of flour, ate., for which there is now ino material on hand. The result would be certain starvation, for then the beef also would give out. It is useless to attempt to reason with starving Indians, especially whaen the mnysterious apostles from Montmna and Utnh have succeeded ill conviucing Ihundreds of the Sioux that when tile Menssiahn appears their struggle for their rights will at lat be crowned with success, and tile lihated whitesa and lying Government agents will bopunished as they deserve. Whsy should they anid their children starve in a land of plenty ? indeed, a moan officially acquainted with tihe Siouxfortweuty-five years said to me yester lday : '" Broken treaties, delayed aplpropriations antl religious frenzy irhave combined to make tihe Indinas feel that theo worst has come to the worst, and that even if no Messiah came they mighlt as welldie fighting, with their wives and children around them, as see their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that owes them a living and hns abundant means to inv tnhat debt were it so disposed. By the very failure to deliver them their supplies in July, when they were due, tie Governmouent ihas, n?ea last stroke of cruelty, deprived the Sioux of tihe opportunity to earn money by freightinpr these suplplies. There was nothing to haul, so thei Inve been deprived not only of their Govern. insent food, but of almost thelir only opportunity to make nmouey enough to buy food lseo where.' 