OUT FOE SCALPS. - THE REDSKIN ON THE WARPATH. The Messiah and the Ghost Dances. For some time there have been coming from the far-western plains of the United States, beyond tho Missouri Valley, tales of alarm and excitement. The settlers ad- jacent to tho great reservations of the Sioux Indians, along and southward from the lino of the Northern Pacific Railway, are in fear of a general Indian uprising (writes tho Times correspondent recently). Somo have abandoned their homes and with drawn cast of the Missouri ; others arc forming military companies for dcfcnco and calling loudly for Government protec tion. Tho whole frontier seems in a fer ment, and at all tho military posts the army officers are apparently preparing for an active campaign. Tho Secretary of War has gone west to St. Louis, whither camo General Miles, commanding tho army in the Indian country, to meet him for consulta tion, and General Miles has now returnod to his headquarters at Chicago and sont in structions to General Rugor, in Dakota and the Pluttc River region, to make every ar rangement for protection and defence. A general Indian war is feared, which is said to affect some 31,000 sovages of the Sioux, Pi-Ute, Cheyenne, and other tribes on tho reservations, of whom 6000 are active war riors and 15,000 fully able to bear arms. Whether the outbreak will come s«on or be delayed to the spring is said to he a matter of conjecture. The officers say tho situation is just now favorable to tho Indians, who are well-mounted and equipped with ample ammunition and supplies. The average redskin, however, is loth to go on tho war path in winter, and they add that "the Balvation of the settlers in tho Dakotas will lis a 'Norther' of the fiercest kind." the threatened outbreak is a fanatical religious war, said to be- a crusade against the whites, preached by a mysterious Indian " Messiah," who has appeared to them in Utah und Nevadn. His whereabouts and identity seem almost mythical, but ho has stirred up the greatest excitement. Indians are always half-ready for war, and the "medicine man" can easily work upon tlioir superstitions and highly-wrought toolings. Tlioy aro now everywhere performing the " Ghost Dance," and many of them claim to have seen and hoard the ."Messiah" who has taught it. -He is said to speak to tho different tribes in their own languages- Ho has told them ''they have but to fight for themselves a little and he will cause tho earth to open and swallow tho whites, and will bring lmok from the happy hunting-grounds all the buffaloes and dead Indians." Tlioir " Ghost Daneo " is becoming a religious fever. Old "Sitting Bull," tho great chioi of tho Sioux at Stand ing Rock Agency, has told tho Government agent there that " they have, no further use for tho whiles, and firmly believe it only a question of a short time when tho whites will disappear from the face of the earth." 4'he Indians are mysterious about their intended time of outbreak ; but they have their dance, tnp their guns, and, as a universal sign, when spoken to tliejr fiercely draw imaginary scalping-knives in a circlo about their heads. they are roaming in small bodies along the neighborhood of of the Northern Pacific Railway near Man- dan, aud ono of these' squads this week told a friendly Indian they belonged to " tho army of the Messiah" and were going to meet the rest of the army, when they would capture Fort Lincoln ana pillago Mandan and kill the inhabitants. The "Messiah" would lead the, army, aud they did not ex pect to go out nil til spring; but when " ' Messiah' says go, wo go, even in the depth of winter." That all this should cause a scare on the frontier is natural, and this week the copious reports from all along the border have attracted public at tention and excited much curiosity as to tho personality of the "Messiah." General Miles regards ihe situation as grave. Colonel (Jorbin, his adjutant, says they do not know who the " Messiah" is, but they are making every effort to find out— "he may be some loader of a band of wandering Mormons, und. perhaps a cow-boy,- full of pranks." I-Ie expresses hope that trouble may be averted, for it is contrary to all Indian tradition for the braves to take the warpath in winter. The nearest they are able to come to his identity is a report from Lieutenant Robertson, at the Cheyenne Agency, who says he has learnt from an interpreter that the new "Messiah" is a Pi-Ute Indian called John Johnson, intel ligent, but not educated, who lives on the Pi-Ute reservation at Walker Lake, Nevada. His. " Apostle," one Porcupine, has been preaching the religion of the new " Messiah " at tho Cheyenne Agency, and Robertson sends Porcupine's account of his visit to the "Messiah," after a long journey last year to what is supposed to be Pyramid Lake in Western Nevada, whero lie met a large number of Iudiaus known as the Fisheaters. Porcupine in his statement says " the fisheaters " "near Pyramid Lake told me that Christ had appear od on earth again. They said Christ knew he was coming ; that elaven of his childron wore also coining from a far land. It appeared that Christ had sent for me to go there, and that was why, unconsciously. I took my journey. It had been fore ordained. They told me when I got there that my Groat Father was there also, but I did not know who he was. Tho people assembled called a council and tho chief's sons wont to see the Great Father, who sent word to us to romain 14 days in that camp and that then he would come and see us. At tho end of two days, ou tho third morning, hun dreds of people gathered at this place. They cleared a place near tho agency in tho form of a circus ring and we all gathered there. Just before sundown I saw a great many people, mostly Iudiaus, comiug dressed in white men's clothes. The Christ was witli them. They all formed in this ring and around it; they put up sheets all around the circle, as they had no tents. J list after dark some of the Indians told me that Christ had arrived. I looked around to find liim, and finally saw him sitting on one side of the ring. Ho was dressed in a white coat with stripes. Tho rest of liis dross was a white man's except that ho had on a pair of mocctissins. Then he began our dance, everybody joining in, the Christ singing while wo danced. We danced till late in tho night, when lie told us we ' bad danced enough. The next morning he told us he was going away that day, but would be back the next morning and talk to lis. I heard that Christ had been crucified and I looked to sec, and I saw a scar on his wrist and one on his face, and he seemed to bo the man ; I could not see his feet. Ho would talk to us all day. That evening wo all assembled to seo him depart. When wo were assembled ho began to sing and ho began to tremble all over violently for a while, nnd then sat down. We danced all that night, the Christ lying down beside us, apparently dead. " The following morning the Christ was back with us and wanted to talk to us. He said, ' I am tho man who made everything you see around you. I am not lyiu- to you, my childron. 1 made this earth and every thing on it. I have been to huaven and seen your dead friends, und have seen my own father and mothor.' Ho spoke to us about fighting, and that it was bad, and that wo must keep from it ; the earth was to be all good hereafter ; that wo must be friends with one another. He said if any man dis- obeyed what ho ordered his tribe would be wiped from the face of tho earth. " Ever since the Christ I speak of talked to mo, I have thought what lie said was good. I have seen nothing bad in it. When I got back I knew my people were had, and had heard nothing of all this, so I got them togcthor and told them of it, and warned them to listen to it for their own good. I told them just what I have told yon here to- day." Lieutenant Robertson says ho closely questioned Porcupine and Big Beaver, another chief, learning that somo 16 tribes had visited tho "Messiah" at Walker and Pyramid Lakes, including Sioux, Cliey- onncs, Araphoes, Bannocks, Utes nnd all the tribes of Utah, who danced his dance, heard his preaching, and then had returned to their homes. Porcupine said that several hundred Indians were present when he saw tne "messiah," including women and children ; and ho in sists that all his teachings were oi peace, good order and industry by the Indians. Being asked then how it wns that certain Indians had made tho now religion a reason for naglocting their crops and for disorder. Porcupine shrewdly made answer, giving what Robertson regards as a very probable explanation :— 1 That the Iudiuns who had one with him to hear the "Messiah" lad hoped to hear him preach somo incen diary doctrine, and were disappointed at hearing the new crued reqnirod them simply to work and behave themselves ; that being known by their people to have visited the new "Messiah," they concluded, on return ing home, not to relate strictly what this man had told them, but to put into liis mouth doctrines more agreeable to the In dians. "These men," said Poreupino finally, with earnestness, "are all liars, and they are responsible for any trouble that occurs, and not the new ' Messiah. It will thus be seen that there are false prophets even among tho Red Indians, and_ designing redskin politicians, who misinterpret the religion of the "Messiah" to make ii a crusade against the whites. But, whether they or tho apostle Porcupine preach the true faiih, among them, the frontier has been stirred up to an extent unknown for many years. At tho Arapahoe Agency tho Indians excitedly dance tho "Ghost Dance," and have destroyed many of their fences, some even tearing down their log houses, the Government agent having lost all con trol over them. at tine ridge agency, in South Dakota, there is much excitement among the Sioux, the dances having wrought the tribe to so high a pitch that the agent has reported the uneasiness, and troops in large force are no w being concentrated there, and at the Rosebud Agency, about 50 miles distant, also in South Dakota. This move ment, it is announced by General Miles, will afford ample protection. It is curious to note ihe various versions of the "Messiah" doctrine of extermination of the whites, as interpreted at different Indian settlements. Thus, at the Standing Rock Agency, oil the Cannon Ball River, about 40 miles from Mandan, the Sioux are mainly, farmers and eattle-raisers, and live in huts and houses. They say tho " Messiah" indicates that tho whites are to be destroyed, but not by tho active aid of tho red men. " A mud wave is to engulf tho pale-faces, but the Indians are to be lifted high above it, until it passes over." With them, the " Ghost Dance " is said to he a preparatory ceremony, or sort of communion, by which the Indians aim "to perfect themselves before the coining of tho Master." This extraordinary development among the In dians, whatever it may eventuate, has created a genuine sensation throughout the entire Western country, and tho universal prayer out there is for the coming of a " Dakota Blizzard " of tho most powerful description, that will liava more influence for peace upon the Indians than anything that can jnst now be done. ' As I close this letter a telegram from Pine Ridge lias just como in, giving tho latest phase, the troops having gone into camp and being in full control. The tele- .g'ram says: — "Jack, Red Cloud, and a lot of the fanatics are at Wounded Knee putting the finishing touches on a four days' ' Ghost Dance.' This is the day set for the 'Messiah' to appear in the form of a buffalo, but up to noon no stray Messiah ' nor buffalo lios been reported on tho reserva tion." 