The Mystery of the Grey Veil. 7 J ' (TEE AMATEUB CASUAL). .(Continued.) JJV - JAMES GREENWOOD I give you my -earnest assurance, 'madam, that 1 have every disposition to come again and again, if you think it possible that your niece may be induced to comply with the suggestion I mentioned before she hurried away." Bat the old 'lady could not give me the least glimmer of hope on that point. " It is a secret, and so it must re- ' main," she remarked positively, "'until •a husband has led her to the altar. After that—it will be for him to deal aB to the future. Of course, you will understand, sir, that this interview is merely preUminary. Although -my niece is desirous of securing a husband's love and protection it will be necessaiy to prove that he is a man of respectability, And nota mere needy adventurer. Just as, on the other hand, it will be shown to. his satisfaction th a t of what after all, is the main inducement in the affair' — money — a sufficient amount is possessed by the lady, and that it id hers absolutely and without control. I may tell you that my nltce has a fortune' of ten thousand pounds, which, subject to the conditions you have already been mado aware of, she will willingly divide with a suitable applicant for her hand as soon as the marriage service is completed." " One question, my dear madam. Is there any particular huriy? Is it a contract that must be oompleted within' a short space of time ?" "On the contrary, sir, my niece, adored by me, stipulates fox a courtship of at least six month's duration, during which period an accepted lover would see her as often tts he chose." " See her as I have, you mean, veiled and cloBe-concealed ?" " Exactly." With a promise that I would communicate with Adele in a day or two, 1 hastened back to Hibbitson to acquaint him with the amazing particulars at Fulham. Clutching the knees of his trousers,- and with his mouth ajar, he listened while I related the strange story from first to last, winding up with the old lady's statement as to what was 'the amount of her niece's fortune, and <how she was willing to divide it on the marriage day with her accepted husband. " But'I can't make head or tail of it!" exclaimed Hibbitson, scratching his head, with violence. " She is sound wind and limb—you will excuse ;the hor-sey .phrase as applied to your mysterious bride in perspective—she is shapely and graceful, educated and compassionate, and you have seen her portrait from the photo., and guaranteed genuine, and she is, aB you declare, there depicted as being as nice- " looking as any reasonable man could desire. Then why the dickens and all his< angels does she wear a veil ? Why that' extraordinary outburst, which in your opinion was genuine, respecting frighten- ing beggars and making dogs bark ? " " Ah! yes. But yon mustn't forget, Hib., that her aunt corrected 'her there." " I remember that she did so," replied HibbitBon, with another turn at his hair, " she reminded the young lady that the truth was quite dreadful enough without exaggerating it." "Truly, Hib. If a man had said as. much, I don't see how I could adopt any course but one. . But you know what women are, they notoriously make a fuss about trifles. Besides, there is plenty of time for reflections. The party is HOC waiting at the door for an answerl" " From which e≥ remarks," said Hibbitson, "I gather that you have alreadv half made up your mind. To be sure five thousand pounds is a tempting sum, but " And my friend shook his head dubiously. " You would advise me at this -early stage to abandon the speculation.?" ".Not so, but I would have you weigh well the possible consequences. For 'instance, five thousand would not .prove an adequate compensation if theifearful truth, as the old lady called it, was not much exaggerated, and, heroically faithful to your marriage vows, you found it absolutely necessary to banish yourself with your bride to some desolate island." " But, hecg it all, Hib., she cannot be eo hideous aB that comes to. The worst I can conjecture is, that since that photograph was taken she may have had a severe attack of small-pox and is badly pitted—scarred, perhaps. Well, even such a serious blemish as that, in an amiable and accomplished young woman " " Would count for so little," Hibbitson struck".in, "in ithis .confounded moneygrabbing age, that with ten thousand pounds-at her command she need make no mystery of the matter. There is.no lack •of Lusihess men who would marry her, were she aB ugly as Satan'* sister. No, Sid., my boy, I am afraid it is-something worse than that! By-the- by, did you take particular notice of that portrait drawing?" " It was unfinished, I tell you." " But did it -strike you, or .does the memory of it recall to your mind a face yon have-seen anywhere lately ? " " Anywhere is a wide-field." " Well, we will narrow it.' There are •certain illustrated papers—the Hue and Cry, for instance—in which are published the portraits of criminals at large—" " Good heavens, Hibbitson! You can't be serious." ''Well, there is nothing particularly •comic about it. You wouldn't And it so,, my boy, if, at the unveiling after the .nuptial ceremony, you find that your wife " is a party urgently ' wanted' in a police •case." Brepostertfus as -was the last suggestion' -of my ingenious Mend, it took such hold on my alarms that I resolved that I would see the lady's face or abandon the -negotiation. (There was but one >way of bringing the affair to that .issue. I, wonld go to bar and pledge myself in any way Bhe-chose to .make her .iny wife, if I might do -so without compromising my respectability, provided that Cor one little minnte she withdrew her veil. And, quite '"determined, for i had paeeed a sleepless night, to hare the business settled one way or another, I set out for Fulham, having arranged "with Hibbitson to gee 'him in 'the afternoon, and acquaint him withthe-result. And I again saw Adel£. I need not detail the enormous difficulty I experienced even in prevailing on her to listen to my proposition with anything like patience, anfl even when I had so far succeeded, at least another half-hour was consumed in induoing her to believe that the oath I proposed taking should be held sacred. She at last consented. Then was a chiming clook on the mantel-shelf, and its silvery bells denoted the .hour of two, ,as with trembling fingers she unclasped the •tortoise-fihell circlet from her head. It conld not have been more than aninute-acd-a-half after the hour, when, pale aB a man who had seen a ghost, I was hurrying from the house in a state of mind I will not attempt to describe. I had not recovered—my hair was still in wild disorder—when I burst into Hibbitson's room. M Why, Sid ! Why, what on earth is the-matter T 1 You'have Been her, that is evident!" - 'I-have, my dear friend, I have!"' •and r covered my eyes with my hands. "Where? It is true then about the dogs barking ? " \- - - " Hib," and "by a desperate effort I Bpoke oaimly "-dhe is pea-green!"' He was-so amazed that his .pipe dropped from 'his lips and was broken on the hearth. ' As light as green, Hib, I solemnly declare to .you-as the leaves of the lime tree in early spring 1 and she has large bine eyes and white teeth and auburn hair ugh! horrible! horrible!" " But surely -it is not her natural complexion ?" " I 'know nothing about that—I didn't want to hear the particulars. I only know that green she is, and green she will remain till the day of her death. There is only one thing for me to do." " And what is that ? " "Drown myself! That's about the easiest mode of exit, they say." " But that's childish." " How do you make it ? It is my only alternative. I must as a man ofhonour, marry her, if I remain alive. The stipulation I made was, that in any event I would make her my wife if I might do so without compromising my respectability,-and so far as'I am aware there would be nothingimmoral in marrying a green-faced lady. Good-bye, old boy! I'd best be off at once, and before I become cool and cowardly." And I hucried out of the hpuse. But before Hibbitson could overtake me—I had barely crossed the threshold and reached the Street — a hand was laid on my shoulder. It was a witch-like old crone, with a poke bonnet, and a shabby old cloak reaching down to her heels. - " Sir," said she, may I speak a few words with you ? " " Oh confound you, be off I've got nothing to give you.', But still, with her hand on my shoulder, she poked up her wrinkled face and whispered the words — " Adele Cranston!" "Well, what of her?" " Nothing, that I can reveal in the open street. Much, if yon will allow me to speak with you in private. This much you may know in advance, however,—I know the secret of her life's happiness— of your's, too, may be!" Hibbitson waB at the door by this time and iheard those last wordB, and exchanged looks with me. We had her up in his room in fewer seconds than there were stairs to mount. It was a marvellous story this old woman had to relate, and it is a great pity that my limited space compels >me to condense it. It was this old hag—she was a Frenchwoman—who had so hideously altered Adele Cranston's complexion. It was her poverty that induced her to make the startling disclosure. Nearly two years previously her husband, who was a chemist, as well aB a preparer of hair -dyes and waters for the complexion' was visited at his obscure little shop by a lady. Was it possible, she wished to know, to dye the human face indelibly, not black nor brown, but some staring colour such as green or blue. It was a curious enquiiy, but her husband, who was cunningly clever at his craft, replied that >it was quite possible. And with that he kept her waiting a little time, and -then produced a small drop of perfectly colourless liquid, and dropped a minute portion of it on his bare arm and in a minute or two the spot changed to -e vivid green. " There, that spot will remain as long as I live ,- no acid will efface" it- - Itcan be removed ohly by cutting. away the skin' completely. - " Will you sell me some of it?" the lady asked. " Not unless you give me a full and sufficient reason, and pay me my price," returned the old rascal, *'it is not for your own face you require it ?" On which the lady boldly declared that it was not for her own face, but for the face of an enemy, a cousin, and her rival and deadly enemy. " She has robbed me of my lover," said the lady, "and I would be revenged on her. Bhe uses your washes for her complexion. Make up a bottle of that, she will not know the difference, and here are twenty novereigns." And the treacherous compact WOB made, and with whit disastrously successful results the reader id already aware. You atrocious old harridan," I exclaimed, "what is to prevent my placing yon and your husknd in the' hands of the polios ? " "My husband is dead, so yon can't hurt him. And as far as l am concerned, this is to prevent it." And as she spoke she produced from a pocket ; under her cloak a flask of- liquid clear, as water. " This is a safe solvent of the green, dye that otherwise is immovable. Give me ten pounds and it is joure." ' Tan. I wonld have given her five hundred,-if-1 had happened to have it by «me. - . , " Give me time tpiproWthe virtue of the stuff," said I. "Gome here again in thnee days, and if the magic is accomplished, the money shall be yours." And on that promise she left the flask with me, and took-her departure. Hibbitson and I were half-crazy with excitement. " Start off at once, Sid. Xose not a moment." " Yes, but the confounded difficulty is, I rushed out of the house in such a bratally, unmannerly way, I don't know how to approach her again." " Pooh! where is the difficulty ? What was more natural than that you should leave her unceremoniously, when you were in such red-hot haste to restore her natnral beauty ? " " Hib., old boy, you are a jewel." And I pressed his hand gratefully, and hurried away to Fulham. And less than a month afterwards I led Adele, radiant and lovely, and without her veil, to the altar. And so I got a rich and charming wife, and the old woman got her ten pounds, and Hibbitson got—well, sever mind that. He must have got something substantial, or he Wonld not have been able to alter his ways of living in the way he has. THE ENS. 