Serial* an!) ^hort Stows. THE MYSTERY OF THE MAR- TY N HENIIY 8. CHAPTER I. ||T was nbout two years after she was rj married that Mrs. Muttyu-Henry came to stay with her husband at Curdewe Manor, and you never saw anybody so altered as 1 Miss Gladys '— so she v\as often culled. Ho was much the. same, only harsher-looking, and sht* seemed as cross ns mi idlt- man can be— which is snying n good deal. Mr. and Mrs. Card ewe were going on the Continent, and they had left Captain and Mrs. Mnrtyn-Henrv at the Manor, hecause it was said the captain had spent i all their money--his wife's mostly, we henrd. j ' She should have had it tied up,' said ; Charlie : 1 tifd tip tight. That's what Ferretts clerk said.' ' You can't expect gentlefolk to keep 1 their money lying idle,' I replied. Ty- ing up money is all very well ' ' Settled on her, of course, Lucy,' replied my husland. laughing. 4 Did you think J meant put in an old stocking, as you do the threepenny-pieces for the boy V ' You needn't laugh nt the child or me, Charlie Farmer. Wo mayn't be } clever, but were saving. Of course | Mii-s Gladys could have tied up her money, but she was so fond of the captain that she wouldn't. She trusted him too well.' ' That's it- -too well ; ' not wisely, hut t< o well,' ns the proverb is. She II I suffer for it. T can't, say 1 like the ; captain,' continued Charlie, bringing! down his fist on the ton-tray, and making the cups rattle. 1 I can't say why ; ; hut I don't : that's all about it.' ' Well, you needn't break the cups and wake the child,' 1 said. ' Rut j w hat's he done now ' 'What's he done? Who can tell? 1 He's brought l ack the beautiful young | lady looking like a ghost. Why don't they mo to Mr. Anderson's? Why hasn't the captain and she been out •with -he hounds? There's three or four meets been held, and he hnsn't turned up. Why don't he go to the parish church, Lucy ?' 'Ah!' I said, 'why? There you're right, Charlie ; that's what the vicar said the other day was the touchstone of human consciences. The. vicar ought t© know. At any late Captain Martyn- Henry is ashamed of himself and is worrying that poor girl to d<ath.' ' No business of ours I should say, unless t was on the jury.' remarked Charlie. ' And now I'll trouble you for some tea, Mrs. Farmer.' Next day when I w as out w ith baby— and a poor little lad he is— I noticed Captain Henry wandering a' out the cliff measuring and dropping a line down a certain distance. Then he went down and got a boat and with a telescope kept looking at the rock for a long time. ' He's a lunatic,' J thought ; ' and Miss Gladys knows it. Poor young girl?' So I told Charlie and lie laughed as usual ; but 1 was astonished two days after when the captain called and asked if I would mind going up to the Manor and superintending things a little for his wife, as the housekeeper had br»Mi promised a holiday. Charlie could come too if he liked ; but they didn't want the baby. 'I won't go,' said Charlie; 'you go. You can see the child every day and cheer up Mrs Henry perhaps.' The idea had somehow got about that the captain did not treat his wife properly and I was not sorry to see things for myself, so I went up to the Manor— not from curiosity hut kindness—though Charlie DID giggle when I said so. Howevir, 1 went, and found Dr. .Toliflfe there. He was an old friend of ; ours and I was glad to find him there, j Mrs. Henry was very kind, shook hands ; with me and was glad to see me. She , was pale but very pretty and seemed in ! good spirits. ' She is too loyal to complain,' I said to myself. I DID pity her, I can tell you ; and as for Captain Henry — well, I won't anticipate about him. No one could help seeing how anxious his wife was when he came in. He would beckon lu-r upstairs, and 1 could ! hear talking in loud tones and then an I impatient ' Hush ! ' Once I heard him say, 1 Would you betray me?' Betray! him ? Then there was a secret—some ' dreadful secret which made hiin reckless and her miserable. Oh ! I would have liked to have given him a bit of my mind. He was so sly and secret. But I found out they did go to church—to a small one on the property quite away from the village. This was curious, and I made a note of it. One day I made a discovery one evening it was -I hardly like to tell it but I must. Captain Henrv, I believed, wanted to get ri.l of his wife, and was :t rying to let it seem accident. No ; rthere was no violence and no illness ^beyond what I have said. They seemed verv loving in public; but I can tell, I •think, and I thought it quite different. }Betray him ! Ah ! lOn that evening, after T had been at vthe .Manor three or four days, I noticed ithat Mrs. Martyn-Henry was very .-anxious-and seemed nervous. She kept listening, as I thought, and all of a sudden she rang lier bell after her fiveo'clock tea and sent nie out an errand. I was passing through the little shrubbery walk I have mentioned which led to the bridge, when I fancied I henrd heavy footsteps. I stood back, .• and there saw a man dressed in navvy's clothes coming in by the shaded way. Who was this? I looked out and I declare I saw the captain himself. His clothes were stained, his hands dieadful—there was blood on them, I believed. He came stealthily in and I waited till 1 saw him pass in by the side door. It WAS the captain ! Oh, mercy ! what, hod he done? No wonder his poor wife wns anxious. Some crime had been committed. L was certain of that ; but what '/ Should I denounce him. or wait'( 1 was thinking it over when f saw another form approaching in the gloaming ; it slunk back into tho shade and then went On. The man who passed was dressed like the captain; and —oh, mercy!—I re cognised ' Black Jim,' the blacksmitha man who had credit for poaching and, some said, worse things. Then this fellow, this scamp, who had many a time been suspected of stealing property— who had been an overseer in the Cornish mines and left there—who was said to have queer dealings with the other world— this man was the captain's accomplice ! Terrible, this ! I listened, the captain came out suddenly in his own dress- his proper suit and said-— 4 Well, did you do the job ? Did you sink it ?' ' Sink IT ! ' The body ! I gave a scream, and fainted right away. [TO BK CONTI>*VKI>.J 