^Pg:10ia:; FELLOW. OS MEMORY. , (concluded) f&M; me! the world grows very full of :^ghosts as we grow older. We need not ^?SEtek in dismal churchyards nor sleep in ^pQO^ted granges, to see their shadowy Alices, and hear the rustling of their jjarmenta in the night. Every house, $v&ry; room, every creaking, chair has its $§n particular ghost. They haunt the empty chambers of our lives, they throng around as like dead leaves, whirled in the autumn wind. Some are living, some are dead. We know not. We clagped tflfcir hands once, loved them, quarrelled with them, laughed with them, '. told them oar thoughts and hopes and ] pii&S;* as they told us theirs, till it seemed our very hearts had joined in a grip that r would defy the puny power of Death. They are gone now ; lost to us for ever. TJieireyes will never look into ours again, and their voices we shall never hear. Only their ghosts come to us, and talk with us. We see them, dim and shadowy, through our tears. We stretch our yearning hands to them, but they are air, Ghosts ! They are with us night and day. They walk beside us in the busy street, under the glare of the sun. They sit by us in the twilight at home. We see their little faces looking from the windows of the old school-house. We meet them in the woods and lanes, where . we shouted and played as boys. Hark! cannot you hear their low laughter f.om ' behind the blackberry bushes, and their distant whoops along the grassy glades ? Down here, through the quiet fields, and by the wood, where the evening ? ' shadows are lurking, winds the path ' ' where we used to watch for her at sun set. Look, she is there now, in the ' * dainty, white frock we knew so well, with the big bonnet dangling from her little hands, and the sunny brown hair all y tangled. Five thousand miles away ! Dead for all we know ! What of that ? She is beside us now, and we can look into her laughing eyes, arid hear her v voice. She will vanish at the style by the wood, and we shall be alone ; and the _ shadows will creep out across the fields, and the night wind will sweep past moaning. Ghosts ! they are always with us, and always will be, while the sad old world keeps echoing to the sob of long *' good-byes, while the cruel ships sail ', * away across the great seas, and the cold, * ? green earth lies heavy on the hearts of those we loved. * '** But, oh, ghosts, the world would be r * sadder still without you. Come to us, ' &n-;! epeak to us, oh ! you ghosts of our AldJoves. Ghosts of playmates, and of v sweethearts, and old friends, of all you ^ * ''* laughing boys and girls, oh, come to us, v and be with us, for the world is very ^ iouely, and new friends and faces are not ki like the old, and we cannot love them, r, v&aVj; nor laugh with them as we have i fc^iloyed and laughed with you. And when j|5?»WB walked together, oh, ghosts of our: |^t^5outh, the world was very gay and bright; P§£ 4-ut»ow it has 'grown old, and we arej §-$' Hjfrowfog' weary, and only you can bring' kv£ ±he brightness and the freshness back to jjf - ' Memory is a rare ghost raiser. Like 8/ ft haunted house, its wails areever echo P x ing to*ixtiseen feet. Through the broken ? If'' » casements we watch the flitting shadows ' ||f ol the dead, and the saddest shadows of Hp ^ibem all are the shadows of our own dead IN** ? . ,. K, -v ph9i those young bright faces, so full WEJttt **uih; and honour, of pure, good BX1||ougttt5. ol noble longings, how re fe^B^aiehfuu^ the/ look upon us, with their RpSfflb dear eyes ! ' . ^fe||^.fearifchey have good cause for their ^^^oi^'poor lads.. Lies and cunning, ^^^ ai^eUef Jiaye^crept into our hearts since those pre-shaving days — and we meant to be so great and good. It is well we cannot see into the future. There are few boys of fourteen who would not feel ashamed of themselves at forty. I like to sit and have a talk some times with that odd little chap that was myself long ago. I think he likes it too, for he comes so often of an evening when I am alone with my pipe, listening to the whispering of the flames. I see his solemn little face looking at me through the scented smoke as it floats upward, and I smile at him ; and he smiles back at me, but his is such a grave, old-fashioned smile. We chat about old times ; and now and then he takes me by the hand, and then we slip through the black bars of the grate and down the dusky glowing caves to the land that lies behind the firelight. There we find the days that used to be, and we wander along them together. He tells me as we walk all he thinks and feels. I laugh at him now and then, but the next moment I wish I had not, for he looks so grave, I am ashamed of be ing frivolous. Besides it is not showing proper respect to one so much older than myself — to one who was myself so very long before I became myself. We don't talk much at first, but look at one another : I down at his curly hair and little blue bow, he up sideways at me as he trote. And, somehow, I fancy the shy, round eyes do not altogether apprmv of me, and he heaves a little sigh, as thon^n he were disap pointed. But, after a while, his bash fulness wears - ft', and he begins to chat. He tells me hi- favourite f;iiry tales, he can do up to six times, and he has a guinea pig, and pa says fairytales aint true ; and isn't it a pity, 'cos ho would so like to be a knight and figiita dragon and marry a beautiful princess. But he takes a more practical view of life when he reaches seven, and would pefer to grow up, be a bargee, and earn a lot of money. Maybe, this is the consequence of falling in love, which he does about this time, with the young lady at the milk-shop set. six. (God bless her little ever dancing feet, whatever size they may be now!) He must be very fond of her, for ho gives her one day his cheifest treasure, to wit, a busie pocket-knife v.ith four rusty blades and a corkscrew, which latter has a knack of working itself out in some mysterious manner, and sticking into its owner's leg. She is an affection ate little thing, and she throws her arms round his neck and kisses him for it, then and there, outside the shop. But the stupid world (in the person of the boy at the cigar emporium next door) jeers at such tokens of love. Whereupon my young friend very properly prepares to punch the head of the boy at the cigar emporium next door ; but fails in the attempt, the boy at the cigar emporium next door puuehing his instead. And then comes school life, with its bitter little sorrows and its joyous shout ings, its jolly larks, and its hot tears falling on beastly Latin grammars and silly old copy-books. It is at school that he injures himself for life — as I firmly believe — trying to pronounce German ; And it is there, too, that he learns of the importance attached by the French nation to pens, ink, and paper. ' Have you pens, ink, and paper ? ' is the first question asked by one Frenchman of another on their meeting. The other fellow has not any of them, as a rule, but says that the uncle of his brother has got thorn all three. The first fellow doesn't appear to care a hang about the uncle of the other fellow's brother ; what he wants to know now is, has the neighbour of the other fellow's mother got *em ? ' The neighbour of my mother has no pens, no ink, and no paper,' replies the other man, beginning ib^t wad. ' Hats the «i$d of thy female gardener some pens, someink, or some paper ? ' He has him there. After worrying (enough about these wretched inks, pens, and paper to make everybody miserable, it turns out that the child of his own female gardener hasn't any. Such a discovery would shut up anyone but a French exercise man. It has no effect at all, though, on this shameless creature. He never thinks of apologis ing, but says his aunt has some mustard. So, in the acquisition of more or less useless knowledge, soon happily to be forgotten, boyhood passes away. The red-brick schoolhouse fades from view, and we turn down into the world's high road. My little friend is no longer little now. The short jacket has sprouted tails. The battered cap, ?o useful as a combination of pockrt-h and kerchief, driuking-cup, and weapon of attack, has grown high and gloosy j and instead of a slate-pencil in his mouth there is a cigarette, the smoke of which troubles him, for it will get up his nose. He tries a cigar a little later on, as being more stylish — a big, black Havannah. It doesn't seem altogether to agree with him, for I find him sitting over a bucket in the back kitchen afterwards, solemnly swearing never to smoke again. And now his moustache begins to be almost visible to the naked eye, where upon he immediately takes to b;andy and-sodas, and fancies himself a man. He talks about ' two to one against the favourite,' refers to actresses as ' Little Emmy,' and ' Kate ' and ' Baby,' and murmurs about his ' losses at caids the other nigbt^' in a style Implying that thousands have been squandered, though, to do him justice, the actual amount is most probably one-and- twopence. Also, if T ppe aright — for it is always twilight in this land of memories — he sticks an eyeglass in his eye, and stumbles over everything. His female relations, much troubled at these things, pray for him (bless their gentle hearts !) and see visions of Old Bailey trials and halters as the only possible outcome of such reckless dis sipation ; and the prediction of his first schoolmaster, that he would come to a bad end, assumes the proportions of in spired prophecy. He has a lordly contempt at this age for the other sex, a blatantly good ] opinion of himself, and a sociably j patronising manner towards all the eldery male friends of the family. Altogether, it must be confessed, he is somewhat of a nuisance about this time. It does not last long, though. He falls in love in a little while and that soon takes the bounce out of him. I notice bis boots are much too small for him now, and his hair is fearfully and wonderfully arranged. He reads poetry more than he used, and he keeps a rhyming dictionary in his bedroom. Every morning on the floor, Emily Jane find scraps of torn-up paper, and reads thereon of ' cruel hearts and love's deep darts,' of ' beautious eyes and lovers' sighs,' and much more of the old, old song that lads so love to sing, and lassies love to listen to, while giving their dainty beads a toss, and pretending never to hear. The course of love, however, seems : not to have run smoothly, for, later on, j he takes more walking exercise and less ! sleep, poor boy, than is good for him ; ' and his face is suggestive of anything j but wedding bells and happiness ever after. And here he seems to vanish. The j little, boyish self that has grown up be- 1 side me as we walked, is gone. i I am alone, and the road is very dark. I stumble on, I know not how nor care, for the way seems leading nowhere, and ' there is no light to guide. .?{ But at last the morning comes, and I find that j I have grown into myself. ... ?- . ,,/. ? ' THB\\.BNP, -'?'?; ' ' ' ' \ 