CHAPTER XXVIII. "We have described in a previous chapter the entrance of the two men into the little 1 down-town house which had onoe been a re ceiving crib. On the same night, at about eleven o'clock, the half-breed might have been seen strolling along Draitt Street. The fellow had just left a notorious gam bling house, and was on bis way, according to appointment, to receive the balance of the loan promised. Jack was a desperate character, and as he walked along wioked thoughts were passing through his mind. He remembered some words used by the blonde: ' Ah,yes; I am a few thousands ahead.' The half-breed knew, or had reason to suppose, that the blonde kept no banking acoonnt, and that more than likely he had the money on his person, or in hie trunk, in his apartment. TJpon this assumption, the half-breed oon ceived the atrocious design to possess himself of his friend's money, even at the cost of bis friend's life. Jack prepared himself to act if an opportu nity presented itself. ' Hang him I' he solitoquised, 'he's a bad one, and his loss would be nothing to the country.' Turning down a certain street, which leads out of Druitt, Street, the half- breed moved slowly along until he arrived in front of the low two-story brick bouse which we have described. OM • This must be the house,'muttered Jack,snd after glsdsing cp and down the street to see that his movements were not observed, he ascended the few steps leading to the front; ;door. There was neither bell-knob nor knocker, and the half-breed was compelled to use his knuckles. Twice he knocked, when he heard a step inside, and a voice asked : • Who's there?' * Jack 1' yas the answer. The door was opened and the blonde stood in the opening. * Hallo, old boy 1' said the latter,'I had for gotten all about your visit.' ' Maybe you don't want to Bee me,' said Jack. ■ Did I Bay so ?' 'No.' ' Well, come in, then. I only said I had forgotten about your coming ; but I am glad you are here, as I'm all alone,and will be for to-night, as my friend is out of town for a few days.' Upon bearing the blonde say that be was alone, Jack felt a thrill go through his heart, and there was a strange, meaning glance in his dark, fierce eyes. ■ He stepped across the tbreshhold, little dreaming what horror was to startle his soul and with a dark design in his heart born of greed and treachery. The blonde led the way to the rear room on the second floor. The apartment wa3 plainly furnished. On the centre of the floor was a. plain deal table, npon which the blonds placed a candle which be bad carried in his hand to the door when admitting Jack. The Istter's eye's flashed round the a part meni, taking iu everything at a glance. It was not suspicion that prompted him to do this. His mind was,too fully set upon his own treacherous designs to dream of treachery towards, himself. ' Take a seat,' said the blonde, and as he spoke ha reited himself at s table with hie back to a mirror which depended from ceiling to floor. There was but one other chair in the room, and that chair was so placed that its occu pant would be forced to sit facing the mir ror. The blonde was pleaeant and cheerful in his demeanor, and showed a diepoiiiion to be very hospitable. . This kindness, however, did not for a mo ment cause the' least feeling rf relenting in Jack's savage heart. i His imagination had become fixed with the idea of the thonsands in oasli the blonde was supposed to have upon his person, and this sum the r&soal; was determined to have at : any cost. 11 He accepted the prcfiered seat, and the two men sat face to fees. 4 Sry, Jack,' cried the blonde, after a fewj seconds' talk, 'I met a man to-day who says he knows ysu.' The half-breed had admitted to his eeem ing friend that he was not a planter, and j that the character was but an assumed one, ] and during their former few weeks' inti macy the two men had been in she habit ai addressing each other familiarly as 'Jack'] and ' Tom.' When infozmcu that the blonde had met someone who knew him, Jack showed con siderable annoyance, and did not seem at all j anxious to learn" who the party was whom his friend Tom bad met. Prom what thisfriend told me, oontinurd ; the blonde, * you ought to have plenty of ' money.' '« Whom thunder is the man who knows so much nbout my business T: ' He is a man whom I have met several! times—a mysterious sort of chap—a Spani ard or Egyptian, for all I know.' Jack's dark face snowed .a shade of pallor j as his memory reverted to the dark-faced man who had held such a remarkable interview with him npon an occasion fully described in our previous chapters ' Do you know anything about the man yon j are speaking ol ?' 'Only that be is a wonderlully smart gambler, and appears to pick up information in a very strange manner; in fact, I've heard it whispered that he was in league with the devil; and sometimes I have imag ined there was some truth in the report, be cause no one can find out anything about him, and he seems to know everything about | | everybody else.' • He's a fraud,'cried Jack. 1 Then you know him V ' I suspect him.'. ' What do yon suapsot about him V ' It only oono3rns myself.' ' Well, old pard, if you know anything of this dark-faced man you ought to tell me, as he is putting up a heavy ' racket' .with me.' ' A " bagging " racket ?' 1 Yes.' ' Will you just drop out ?' ' Not unless you give me very good rea sons.' The half-breed leaned over the table and said : ' He's a " cop," and one of the smartest in the force; he's playing decoy on you and will have you " hocked " with all the docu ments dead against you!' The blonde looked surprised, and, as oar readers have already suspected the real cha racter of th6 blonde, we willBdd that bis look of surprise was not assumed. i'2 This little incident revealed once more ! what a cunning and observant fellow the half-breed really was, ' I am glad you have told me,' said the blonde; adding, ' it he's a cop he's got the dead wood on yon, that's all.' ' What do you mean ?' asked Jack. * Well, he gave me jto understand that you j were mixed up in a serious bleeding arrange ment 1' The half-breed's face became livid, as be answered: ' it's false 1 its false !' As the Indian spoke he happened to look in.the minor before him and caught a sight of his own blanched face. x The blonde uttered a low whistle, and re marked ; ' You say it's false, eh?' At this instant, instead of replying, Jack started from bis seat with a shriek. His face was contorted with terror,and his I eyes glared, as though some fearful sight had j suddenly risen before his vision. This was a fact. "While the half-breed had been staring in the glass, his own reflection had been arossed and supplanted by a figure whioh caused him to spriDg from his seat and utter the shriek. The figure whioh he had seen was that of: Harry Trendall. The supposed murdered man was dressed just as he bad been attired on the fatal day when he was assaulted; and what was more, his face was like the dead, while crimson Btreaks besmeared his olothes and ghastly features. The ghostly figure had appeared but a mo ment when it vanished, • What is the matter, old man ?' asked the blonde. ' You act as though^you had seen n ghost.' Jack still stood paralysed with terror, gaz ing into the mirror. The blonde seemingly turned and followed •) the glanoe of his guest's eyes, when once more he asked : | ' What have you seen to cause you to look I so like a dead man ?' j 'Nothing,' answered Jack. ' 1 am subject 1 to twitches in my heart; and I felt one just then.' •Well, sit down ; I want to have a talk j with you.' "IcanDot remain long,' replied the half breed. 11 have made an appointment to get j into a very big thing to-night, and if you will let me have the hundred and fifty I will get away, and tc- morrow 1 will repay you, I suppose that will suit you well 1 enough.' [to be ojntkued] OM 11 j 