A CATASTROPHE AT IDE : - «A81NO. BX NAtHAND, URHBB. .Not long after the Oaeino of tbs Oontral Park waa lira) thrown open to the publio, throe . persona rbgiilarly visited ita refresh racnt laloons, who wore not long In oxoitiog otitsrvatloa by tboir romarkablo conduct, They ricver epoko a syllable, either to oaoh other or anyone else ; even tboir order being given to the waiter upon a slip of paper by . one of tho three. Thoy wore certainly not deaf, because the waiter's spoken hnnonnooraont of tho ox« ponao incurred was always instantly as- tented to by a general bow of tho bead, and an Immediato production of thomoooy do mended. If dumb, thoy used no eigne o! tho hands, or otherwise, to CQmmunioato with each othor. Their. demeanor waa invariably of the deepest gloom, The looks which they uooaaionaly oast at each other boro notrsco of ufftcUou, nothing of ih-i glow o! friendship but wore atony and oold, as with mutual re sentment and ropuhion. They appeared to take oo plcanaro in tho food they oto, though ooneiotlug of tho most delioato and tomptlng vlnndr, but devoured it with the mechanical coldncnsof phantoms or ghouls. . All wore olotbod in the deepest, richest blaek, The faosa of oil wore utterly devoid of color ; that of the lady waa very pretty, Uioagh sho was no longer young, and poufiuod oh. n figure inclined to tmbon - point. Of bourse the appoaranco of this singular ;riu regularly, once or twiao a week through »n ..entire season, at such a faebionnhlo resort/ oould not fall to command ourioaity and attention. xuey oame to ce known Among tno otsrxs aod other attendants as the three ghouls of the Casino, and many wore tho speculations r.s to who they were/ and what was tho meaning of their singular demeanor. In tho meantime, howover, the silent strangers grew gloomier and more ghoul-like at every visit : and tho dull oold gtaro of re seatment in tbo eyes of each Appeared to daily inereaso in lot anally of hato. At last therooamoA oatostropbo. It was a lovely afternoon, and the Casino was thronged, And then tho threo strangers began to adopt a moat novel mode of lan guage. They began to hiss at cash other as if poixased by a multitudo of poisonous sor- peots, Tbelr eyes biased liko baeillsfca; absir tseth glittered through their shrunken Zips, and still they hissed oud hissod with the fury of fiends, Tney wore instantly surrounded by a wondering crowd, members of which could not forbear exclaiming, 11 Bbame I shame I" at tach an unnatural cibibltion of aerpsn tioe splteand malevolence. Hot the three beluga tbua unfortunately posissaed only hisied tho Joudcr, and ao sompsnlad tboir aibllations by fierce and tbreeteoiog gsstioolation. Tho lady appeared more forious than either of her companions. Sho biasod away like a pythoness, and her fsoe, usually so oadaveroos in hne, glowed like tho illnmi nsted rind of a " Jack-o'-Liotcrn, " Is she mad ?" "Arc they nil crazy?'' " Bend for an officer I" and similar sjscula tlons fell from tho lips of the wondering aod horrified speetators ; bat without any effect qpon lbs soake filled strangers. At last the mon worked themselves into a hiuuiiu uu rpinug iu tucir icc». One of tbem drow a knife, nod hoforo ho oould be provonted, thrust it into the bosom of his opponent. A cry of horror rang through too saloon j bnk Ibis was changed to ono of wonder at tho condnot of the wounded man. He almply drew his eoat over tbo hilt of the dagger, whioh still remained quivering In hio-breaat, burst into a low, sardonio laugh, and etrodo from the building as if bo wore unhurt, But, before be departed, tho ouly words that had ever been heard to proceed from tho myeteirons trio foil from hie hps, "Fiends I'' he hissed; " by- tho serpent spell that governs as all, I will yet haunt ye both 1 Farewell I Yo may have destroyed mr body, but tho oobra-spirit in my nature will follow you on, and poluon yo for aver 1" ' He vanished, and thoso who followed him to tbo door instantly lost eight of him, as though he had moiled into thin air. ':A storm of triamphant hisses from tbo remaining pair was their, only reply to> the imprecation of tboir defeated fellow ; and thoa tbo'y resumed sorao wino thoy bad boon discussing, and became nseombro and silent As ever, .'"Seise the murderer! Ban forapolioe man?" dried the now thoroughly ezoited orowd, gathering around with threatening gestures, whioh, howover, had no effoot npon the pair, ' Apoliooman was summoned Hehapponed to be of tho aUra-phlogmatio and raattcr-ot- fact variety, who are in the habit of taking everything easily. -After -hearing tbo Btory of tho desperate stabbing, and the sudden evaporation ol tho murdered man, ho regarded ths remaining- man and woman with considerable non obalanoe, and romarked : "Books to mo liko a regular bilk, Murdered' men don't elopo oat of eight with knives sticking in their hearts. Ho need ol a row about nothing." t1 . . He walked leisurely off, much to tho die satisfaction; of the orowd ; and tbo eilent man, with hie silent partner, ooolly finished their wiho, paid for - it, and departed for their carriage, as had been their onstom. 'I Those who witnessed thoir departoro averred that from the depths of tho myeter Joiis eoaoh there was htard to issue low nnd maltitadi&ous; biasings, as from n whole nest of; wrangling eerpents, ' As tho gentleman and lady continued thoir regular Halt to the Casino, thonbsenooof their wbflom companion capfirraod many in the conviction that tho murder had been no ipham.'bQt annotual and frightful trogody; And the pair wcro regarded with growing 'ioipiolon and dread. Ono day .when they wcro Bitting at the '.table; thoy- usually oaouplod— no far apart Irom tho rest aa poaaiblo— a sudden resump- tlon of tho hissing noundo instantly rlvettod -upon , tbem tho most intoneo and anxious j sorotiny. . v, Bat this time the. hisses wore nolthor IjQprqe nor load. . Thoy were low, tremulous, 0 And hesitating, ae of enakcoin torrornnd pain.". , Tho- man aod the woman drow to gether, Bhlveringly, as if Btrlokon by euddon f guete o! icy wind, and glanced at the opon , \ door, with oxpeotant horror upon their corpse ,.1100 111008. All oves wcro turned in tho samo dircotiou i. and so breathless was tho suspense that a .'.pin might buvo boon-heard to drop. : Tbo ghost of tho murdered man glided Into tho light of tho opaoioas doorway, and stood ? motionless for an instant, giving uttoranco . .simply to a low, sardonio sibilotioo, whioh curdled tho blood of all who heard, and . caused tho guilty oouplo to oower and shad- der in. abject horror. ,i- Tho ghost was attired prceisoiy as when ' last beheld in tho saloon, mnoh after tho manner of Dion Bouoioault'n "Phantom," save that '-i "H1b walot waa bound with his waist-band round, ' His burnisbod etove-pipe gleamed on high, ' Bat bis breast was boro, with tho red wounds \- ' » there, J And dark was tho glare ofhio glassy eye." ' 1 Tho dagger romained plantedin his breast. . Ho pointed toitwithamovolosa finger, end / then glided forward without a eonnd. Tho V ladies wero too mueh frightened toeoream, . .but tarned perfeotly white with torror. Tho " waiters blanched to tho color of thoir aprons, .But tho '-guilty' flouplo presented tho most fiitldblo'eight. Thoy aotually wilted beneath be avenging hande whioh tho phantom ox- , tended menacingly above them. The tableau might have reaohod oven a more ghastly extremity had not a porsonsgo ' at ibis moment strolled in, for whom tbo supernatural, or he imitations, had but ' scanty terrors, Thio was tho phlogmatio VI officer, " What'flthls tom-foolcry f" ha blandly ,,r rstnarkad ; at tho samo time' giving the bidaoos phantom o slop on tho baok whioh made a mundane being of him In tho twinkl ing of ao oyo. i Tbo man of oopoollo phlegm then plnokod . the dagger from the phantom s breast, and sent him reeling back from a punoh an tbo ribs with his stalwart elbow. ,,1 Now, bleed to death', if you willl" be exolaimod, with savago cruelty. " You eeo, ladice and gentleman," ho continued, holding up tbo raardproUB poinard, and working it with his bands ; " didn't I tell you bow it was all a bilk. This is a trick daggor, whose , blade rune into tbo hilt, and that vagabond woe never hurt a bit." A ory of rogo burst from tho orowd who had been eo cgrogiously oold, and a movo znont was made toward tho "phantom" and his friends, tbo latter of whom had arisen and began to hisa snow. "Ho mors of that I" cried tho officer, swinging his club, angrily, " Speak ont, or como to the lockup 1" Tlioy understood his gesture, if not his words; and straigthaway those mysterious and thoughtless ones begoti to I'pc&k; French aarnto that would hnvo alarmed an army ot Germane. " Who understands' their lingo ?" roared tbo officer, clapping hio hnoda to his ears, A litllo dapper gentleman, pale with trepidation, camo forward and explained, in broken Dnglioh, that ha wee the cgcnt of tbo gcntlfimsn end lady, who were French mountobankn (renowned nrthln, ho called theai), whom he had brought ovcr.to this couutry. Fending their appearance At a certain Bowery establishment, ho had adopted this innocent mode of enhancing their importance, intending to make a regular newspaper oxpoao shortly beforo their legitimntoappcarauco, and thus insure over whelming bonnes. This explanation was made under each ludiorooe terror, that the good liutuor of the majority of the throng was thoroughly re stored, and tho discomfited acrobats and sword Bwallowers. with their little aoent. were enffered to depart unmolested s but thoro wero many who remembered, with no degrco of satisfaction, how completely they had been "sold" in tho Oaeino, 