UNSPOTTED FROM THE WORLD. CHAPTER VII. . Foil a little while Cecil Darrell does not repent; of what he has done. I11 spite of the. world, and in spite of himself, and ? though botli have done their best to ruin ' the better capabilities of his nature, there yet remains to him some of the genuine fervour and passion of youth. Though he has frittered away the best part, of his heart in a hundred ignoble flirtations, and still liiore ignoble intrigues, it is certain that all tliat is left of it has been given' wholly and irre coverably to the girl lie lias just kissed in the moonlight. lie would, indeed, be a worse man than he has as vet made himself, if he could, in the first tender remembrance of that unpre meditated embrace, find room for repentance. For a little while— just a little while oufc of all his pleasure seeking and wordly life— lie gi ves himself up to a genuine emotion. He dwells with as passionate a tenderness 011 the thought of the pure and tender lips on which' he has laid his own, the sweet girl form he has held in his arms,. as though lie had never before experienced the passion of love, never mocked at it, never pro faned it. ' - j '? ,-v And though, e.ven in thp-first heat bf liis passion, it cannot but occur to him that, in some way or other, he or she will have to pay for what he has done to-night, lie is, for the moment, as willing- to risk that as lie litis been willing at other moments to risk his all on the turn of a card. , It is indeed, in the nature of such a life as he leads to make a man a gambler, even if he were not a born one ; a life that leaves little room for thought,' none for repentance-;- a life of incessant tearing, hurry-scurrying from one amusement to an other—the life, of a man of the world in the nineteenth century. He must -go always, unless he would be left behind by his fellows, at this pace that 'the dpyil; of fashion drives him, -pushing off that evil day when he will have to meet his liabilities for all thoso pleasant sins lie has been heaping up, until tlie last day of when, if: he be not altogether- a, heathen, lie. has an idea thivfc a man must make -some sort of ;reckoning with his God, just iis' jltj pushes oft' that, inevitable d/iy when. his more mundane lia bilities ' closing round liini, lie will be bound to' reckon with his creditors. It is the same spirit: of -gambling that prevails -throughout. It is easier to spend than to save; .trusting. to good luck to serve ?him at the last. It is easier to take any pleasure that lies in his path than to trouble himself about any abstract question of right or, wrong, trusting to'goodiiluck to pull bim through in this. : . ' : ? ? _ . ? . ; ' ? ? . It , is so easy, -when one is young and of good courage; to be lieve, with vague and happy-go- lucky philosophy, that everything' will come right soinehow. . It is, indeed,: the tendency, well nigh the necessity, of a rapid fl-ge to live for tho present, to ignore the morrow; * What time, indeed, is thpre to take, .thought for it? '; , ' Now and agaii),. n)ayb.e, wjieni some cotiirade ' dies in our midst — someone whose life was so lite our§ that we cannot fail to see the resemblance — a sudden thought, like a ghosfjly band, stretches out from the darkness to warn us; that that 'f to morrow' may not be so far oil' — may, indeed, be as near to us as £t jvfl.s to him ; but we quickly enough shake ofl the thought, as we woyl.d abafce off the bund. Ghosts cannot live in sunshine and laughter, and tbpughpne rose from the dead we should not believe iiiui. Cecil Darrell is no worse, is, indeed, a great deal belter, than most of his kind. By a large majority of his acquaintance be ie most certainly considered, as he probably considers himself, one of the best fellows going. And if there are a few exceptions, not only among men but among women also, who have discovered, to Iheir hurt, that a handsome face and a winning manner are not alwavs the most to be trusted they are but a small and silent minority. That good-looking face, those open and generous ways of his, coupled: with small means and large expectations, have been his greatest curse, lie has never had occasion to prove himself trustworthy ; he has always been taken on trust. It is not easy to find fault with a man who borrows freely with the ono hand, that he may fling away lavishly with the other. He disarms criticism ; and if, in the course of such an easy-going, selfish, pleasure-seeking life, some wrongs are inflicted, they ate, for the most part, silent ones. He is above all, and before all, a success ful man. From his youth up he has had a very plethora of the good things of this world thrust upon him, and it is, as we know, 'success that colors'all in life, make* fools admired, and villains honest.' If the poor weak voice of the unsuccessful were lifted up against him, there would be none to listen to it, It is not until he has got back to his own house, or to the house that be has for a long time lookod upon very certainly as to be his own, and in pacing quietly up and down the well-kept terrace, with p, cigar in his mouth, ' that lie begins to look upon what he has done iu the colder light of a more dispassionate judgment* Glancing in at one of the windows wjipre the shacjed lamp light reveals luch an interior as only art and w ealth, when they combine their forces, can possibly produce, his pyes rest fop a moment on the worn and pallid face of an old man sleeping in a chir-i'. And in that moment he realises, as he has probably never real'ised before, on what a precipice he stands. All his future, a!! that the world contains for him hangs on that old m#n's whim. . . By one sudden caprice, by one stroke of his pen, bo can thrust hiui. out from the possession p£ ;,$}l !fhoso things that to him, brought up as he has been, mean lile and happiness, into such an abyss of , outer, darkness, .of debt and difliculiy and, social 'anni hilation, as be dares not even contemplate. For the space of a second or so he,', impelled by ; some sort of fascination, watches him 111 his sleep. . , Even in that deep rest, tli!),t seems so; like death,- it is not hard to 'uess at his nature. And Darrell has i 90, nocj|. Jip... guess . j : he knows that of all the wicked, whimsical, imperious,, and. violent, old men tho world contains — thoir lies the worst, i (1 '0 be Continued), 