1Rovelist. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, DT IVAN DEXTER. ANidtor of " afount lface'don llfystery," Y-- -----" - fAe.x nzaure nEsssvEED. s- = FROM Prison to Parliament, CIIHAPTER VIII.-(Cosr?snCE.) As settlement inc:eased, the Fquatters fell back and opened rp fresh country for flocks and herds, until today the Station and its Homestead is to be found in Cen tral Australia. What right-minded man can grudge these hardy pioneers or their descendants the reward of their labours and their dan gers ? In 1849 one of the finest stations in Victoria was located about two hundred miles-no s:nall distance in those days fros? Melbourne, in a north-westerly di raction. A fine river ran through the property, on a high bank of which stood the homestead, a commodious wooden s:ructure, from which a fine view of the winding river could be obtained as it swept away in the distance like a silver streak. The country around was slightly undu lating, and well adapted for pasture land. About thirty miles away the blue outlines of the Granipians, from which the river derived its source, could be plainly seen. There were ample signs of life around. In different directions men were engaged in various occupations pertaining to sta tion life, whilst inside the house unusual bustle was apparent, as if something more than ordinary was taking place. It was not difficult, after a glance in side, to judge from the number of trunks and boxes which stood around, that a journey was at the bottom of the com motion, for indeed Mr, MIrs and Miss Rut land were on the morrow's dawn to leave for Melbourne, where the squatter's wife and daughter usually spent the summer, r.o that they might escape the heat of their inland residence. This noble property was, in fact, owned by Mr Rutland, to whom we have already introduced the reader. The day after the election proceedings in Melbourne he had left for his station, in which district he had been nominated for a seat in the new parliament, and, being a man of great local influence, it was probable that he would be elected without opposition. He was not at all anxious about the re sult, and instead of remaining until the day of nomi.iation, he decided to return to town with his wife and daughter. The three were now sitting in the par lour, which did duty as the drawing-roomi discussing various little household matters which had to be arranged before their de parture. IMrs Rutland was a woman apparently about forty-five years of age: with a sin gularly resigned, though sweet expression of countenance. Her hair was much grayer than her years seemed to warrant, and a strange pathetic look occasionally stole into her blue eyes, especially when regarding her husband. Her daughter, wholooked about twenty five, although not classically handsome, had one of those interesting faces which attract everybeholder. With her mother's blue eyes she possessed a contour of face which spoke of sweetness and good na ture, whilst her complexion was more suited to the softness of an English clim ate than to the dessicating influence of an Australian summer. Her figure, though slight, was perfectly formed, and an in tellectual head did not mar her attractive ness. "Did you see Mr Dacre in town, father I" she asked, after a few moments silence. "No, my child. I did not meet him this time, and I believe he had not arrived in Melbourne before I left. In fact, I was so busy that I did not enquire at his club." "Isuppose the elections were engaging people's attention in the city," said Mrs Rutland. ' Yes; there was a good deal of elec tioneering going on, and, do you know, Nellie, I heard a candidate speak, whom I am sure I have met somewhere before, although I do not know where. The man has haunted me ever since," he laughingly added. 'One meets so many people as they go through life that it is impossible to re member every face," rejoined hIis wife. " Yes, true; but there are times when Sstrange meetings take place between peo ple which, from no apparent cause, leave an impression that can never be effaced. When Ilooked into that man's face I could have sworn that he has somehow come across my life." "Don't allow such foolish fancies to take possession of your mind, my. dear," said his wife, looking anxiodisly at him. "Never mind your ghost, but help us to fix up things for our summer vacationi.'" The conversation ended here, and next morning the squatter's party departed on their wearisome journey to Melbourne in a lumbering old vehicle-a cross between a stage coach and a dray. After a week's journey they were safely located, in a snng mansion it. the aristo .cra'ic suburb of Toorak, where the new governor had just taken up his residenice Those were the days when even the 'wealthy sqca'ter lad to travel by means which the poorest persons in the'colony who can find money to travel at all, that is-would now turn up their noses at. In fact, the present generation has al most everything superior to what their fathers and mothcrs had. CHAPTER IX. THE FItST GENERAL ELECTION. The approaching general election was the one great topic of interest, for upon its results depended to a great extent the future of the infant colony. No class, apart from that of the squat ters, was more interested in the result than the miners, who .then constituted the democratic leaven in the body politic in the absence of manufacturing opera" tives, add d 'gnierial labourilig elembnt. The gold miner was, in those days, a very different man to his confrere of the pre sent in Victoria. Each man then fought with, and for. his own hand for prizesin Dame Fortuite's lucky bag. The mining being chiefly alluvial, and shallow sinking at that, the necessity for costly and expensive plant, such as pumping and winding gear, did not exist, and small " co-operative " were then the only companies known. It was the pre- limited liability era, the introduction of which, whilst it has done so much to develop mining asan industry, and is, with deep alluvial or quartz and their adjuncts almost a necessity, has un doubtedly done much to lower the char acter and status of the miner, by reducing him to tue level of a mere wages imian. The existenceof go'd in the matrix was of course known, but the quartz miner had notyet been evolved, or that industry established in the colony. It was in more than one respect the Heroic Age of the infant nation. The discovery of gold had attracted to its shores men of all classes, professions, and callings. Ca-operative parties would often count amongst their number many of the liberal professions; men of high culture, but of no distinct calling, work ing side by side with the artizan and'the mere laborer. Upon the diggings, birth and culture per sc had for the nonce to give place to mere physical prowess, the chicanery of commerce and the quibbles of the law to courage and endurance of hardships, the unionism of vested interests and the esprit de corps of pro'essions to the rude doctrine of the survival of the fittest, then and there interpreted in Nature's strong hold by the boldest and most ener getic. This close contact of classes, hitherto unknown to the conservative Bliton; had its results. It evoked a mutual respect lie of the educated brain for the developed thews and sinews of his ruder comirade; the proud possessor and erstwhile admirer of mere brute strength for the before un known or despised intellectual powers. The day's work in the drive, the shaft, or at the windlass did the one; the even. ing's conversation round the camp fire the other. It did for the Briton that which the sweeping army conscription under the first Napoleon, With its mixture of classes did for-the French nation, in : the better tone afforded by the removal of.artifictal barriers to ability and enterprise.. Witlt out lowering the one it raised the other class. Henceforth in Victoria' the :working man was proud "of himself and- 'his work. As in the old Napoleonic days 'every.con script felt that he- even he-carried in his knapsack the baton of a future Field Marshal of France, so did tlhat veritable soldier of fortune, the gold digger, see in the swag which bore his weapons-the pick and the prospecting dish-thle means wherewith to. conquer adverse fortune', and acquire boundless wealth. The close contact of mene. draw?n from every clime, and working upon one deon'o cratic plan, conferred yet anothier.favor upon this antipodean population, for it materially assisted to break doiiihthe nar row insularism of its dominqnt cotoposi tion-the Briton. fere he saw and worked wihll and upon equal terms, men belonging to.races and naticns hitherto to him nIon existant. At night he slept in a tent, whose nar5 row boundaries perhaps housed the Cor nishman and he of the Erzepebirge, the Staffordshire collier and the eqoually canny Frankforter Jew, the Kerry peasant, with hIis ever present wrongs, and the Pole withl his equally limited linen and his national grievance. Outside, and thronging the thorough fares, were an equally motley crowd. The stolid MIongolian, with his "pidgin" English', and his yet re-ained Canton eflluvium, tlhe supple wild-eyed Malay, theeasy going and odoriferous Negro, and last, though not least in aroma, those natives of the sail - the Australian black. Here, and here alone, hlie saw that true cosmopolitan, Signora Fortune, bestow hlier favors with impartial hand upon man kind, irrespective of race, creed, nation ality or color. This development of character nas to a large extent to be seen, and had already made itself felt in tile capital of the colony, as well as in the mnining centres, for many of the successful, as well as that great majority-the unsuccessful- had located there, and engaged in every variety of occupation. It was to these then that the existing liberalinstitutions which Victoria enjoys, is, in the main, due. It was to the ex ample thus afforded that her sister settle ments owe their.. comparatively limited democratic institutions, and to this leaven that old England herself is inidebted for that democratic innovation-the Ballot Box. It was this class awho, recogising Ed ward Inverness as the avowed exponent of their views, were his chief supporters in the coming election. The conservative party included, as a matter of'cousse, the squatting element, and those ` who so materiailly depeided on that industry, the '-baking and' mer cantile: section,' together. with, and as a matter of course, wherever greatspecula tive operations afford pickings, thle para sitic army of nonl producers, and that vaguely defined class, the commission agents. As everywhere,-where liberal institu tions are to be opposed,:were the largeand \--owingto their wealth and homogensty -influential members "of the "Tribes," who had located in Melbourne, guided by the unerring instinct of their' race, to share in the wealth ,which-- necessarily Where hastily and easily acquired, and by unaccustomed acquirers- easily -'flows, thus affording an easy prey to all who live on the follies and weaknesses of their fllow men or women. Much bitterness and feeling was intro duced into the struggle by both parties, for it was evident, that; the personnel of, the parliament would, tboa large extent,' determine the, future governineit of the colony, whetner 'upon conservative or democratic lines. And thus it happened that .Inverness was the liberal candidate for the electoral district of Bunyip, his conservative oppon ent being a gentleman of the Hebrew per suasion, and say it not in Gath, still less in Toorak-of classic Houndsditch ex traction. The Solymans were of an old and Ea'st ern stock, more than hinted at by the younger and less discreet metmbers as be ing lineal descendants of the Queen of Sheba notoriety, and still retaining the ancient rendition of the name of the egal "knowing one.'" Be that as it may, it was known that the candidate was of an old colonial stock in New Sou:h Wales, where his father had located for reasona especially his'own, in the early days, and before the present form of assisted emmuigration was in vogue. Ezra Solyman was mn ch respected in Melbourne by-a certain class, for he was wealthy, and gave good dinners to other wealthy men, was largely interested in squatting purasit., a staunch conservative, a blatant loyalist, and a firm uphlolder of law and order. The famnily carr.:ge-should it not rather be chariot-had been ordered from England, and much curiosity was evinced as to the heraldic insignia which, in com inor. with the majority of these colonial equipages, the panels wouhl bear. Some kind friends privately. and to select audience, suggested the figure of a slave, whose shackles (not sl.ekels) were being removed by another figure, sup posed to represent the earlierand parent al Solymans, whose' li,,oe of liberty .ans thus to be portrayed, the legendary ad dendum being the suggestive one " Free by. Sersitudlo," thereby shlowing that the love of freedom had not degenerated into license, but was tempered by justice, as seen in the earning power of the "freed one.-' Some sneering people did certainly su--est fam.ily arms similar to those of the great Mtfedici, and in the form of three golden balls; which averuncular.emblem, the older . member of the famnily, had erected before his Houndsditch place of business, andbeforethe causes eventuated which occasioned his settlemtnent in New South Wales, and his change of profes sici. Ilumour, with her tlousanditongues, had many things to say about everybody in those days, butevery one of her tongues was silenced in society reg irding Ezra Solyman, for was nothe one of the wealth iest men-and in' hard cash too-in the city. Out of society,; and in Bunyip especially matters'were' different, and Edw.ird Inver ness 'as at;all the meetings held prior t tihe election undoubtedly` the. popu lar favourite, whilst Solyman's career and 'conduct 'was traversed in'- no gentle fashion . It is not our purpose- to describe' the election which, whilst wantitig in many of the humorousand picturesque incidents so conmon' at that period oil simllar oc casions in the old country, had a com pnrative: absence of the coarse brutality asnd drunkenness so often attached to contested elections. It differed, too, in-the intense interest taken in the result by all classes, and in the absence of all that has contributed to make " Old Sarum' ,a bye .worid and a reproach amongst evein its manr.y rotten, boroughs in the doinain' of British poli tics. Suffice it, that althloughl the conservative party in the main were rucces-ful, owing chiefly to the results of the county elec tiods, yet in the capital, as in the great mining centres, their opponents won the great majority of the seats, one ol whlichl was Biunyip, which retrrned by a large majority that stauinch liberal Inverness. Great was the chagrin of Ezra Solyman and' his Semitic and othler followers, and that night there was latnentation in the halls of Toorak. IRultland was also re. turned unopposed to the new parlia ment. CHAPTER X. GOSSI1P. The morning aft,.r the elections Rut land was waelking down Collins Street, re. ceiving the coigratulations of his friends andl acquaintances, when he met the bucolic Elton, who warmly greeted him, expressing the wish that he would soaon becoie the Premier of the rising young Colony. "Now, my old friend," said Rutland, "we are living at Toorak, and will be glad to.sce you and Mrs Elton. My wife and daughter are up to their eyes in dissipa tion. ..They are great favcurites at o0:' vernment House, you must know," he added with a laugh, which scarcely con cealed the pomposity with which the fact was announced. . ' "Yes," said his friend,' " m3 wife hears like mo-t women, though how she manages itIdon't know, that Miss Riitland-is uni versally admired, and that two, of her bcauxn are at daggers drawn, owing to lier charms. '°Without l'iowing the truth of the matter, but having some kn'owledge of the sex, I told my old woman that I should certainly back the titled one's chance against the squatter--a prospec tire coronet against a cabbage tree hat, elh! old fellowv " And the speaker gave his companion a playful prod 'in the ribs as he concluded. " You're -illuding, Elton, to the atten tions paid my daughter by the Honorable Augustus Fitzjames," replied Rutland. ",You are well informed, for between our selves the aide de canmp does seem semit ten'. As for youngD.,cres he has no show. 'My wife is well inclined towards him, and so far as he is concerned, apart from the son-in- law, notion, ,I like tho'young fellow, but at that point I must jib. I needn't tell a squatter the value of good blood, and you must agree with me, old fellow, that the * Honorable' "is, as the :women folk say, the most eligible.". :,, -"'Bosh !" brusquely replied. Elton, as, turning round, he took his friend in a familiar manner by the button' hole; "plain old John Rutland to come out with that cant. Why do you or I want to force our-way into the crooked paths and unsavory ways of so-called society. If they marry one of us the sprigs of the aristocracy do it entirely for our money. By heavens I they are wise, too, in their day and generation, for though as you say we may want blood, they for the most part require something more valuable; and they get it from us in brainsand cash, and then patronise us into the bargain. Forgive me for thus speaking, Rutland, but from what I can hear young Fi:zjames is a good looking puppy, and only dangles after your daughter because old Jack Rut land is the richest Equatter in the colony. My wife and I like the little girl as if she were our- own daughter, for when our dear girl died, Jack, your Mary, whilst up at the homestead, took her place in my poor wife's heart. Let the girl follow the dictates of her own heart in the mat ter." " You must have a queer idea of me, Elton, to imatgine that I would coerce Mary to imarry an any anagaiast her own wishes, but I can tell you as a fact, patent to everybody, that she ecturns Fitzjames' affection; and apart from 'motives of am bition, natural and proper as they are, she loves the aide tie camp, and would .marry him, hoe:rver humbl hiris station. As to his being heir to a title, no o¶.jection'can possibly le raised on that score. I'm afraid, Elton, you've 'imbibed some of those levelling notions. which will, if en couraged, ruin this fine country by drid img every man of wealth and ability away from it, and in spite of the high falutin of Inverness,' whicl seecms to harveinfected even a level-h]eaded fellow like ybiu, wil undo all that nature has done for us. Hu?Iever, you will have an oppurtnnity of judging for yourself in the matter of the niatch, for you are blouid to' see the aprig of :'nobility, as you call' him, when you favor us ws:th a call. ` He is in and out often' enough, goodness knows," ad dcd Rutlantd withl a quiet 'clhckle. ' Tioe wife is but an invalid now, but she will strain a po!nt to :see our little Mary. .It will, perliaps, lbrighten the old woinan up. You may depend upon our giving you an 'early call," and, with a hearty hanidshake, the friends parted. CHAPTER, XI. :' IHang the old fool with hia ' blood,'" mused Eltoin, as he strolled away. , 'It's a schoolmaster they want up at the Billa bong to teach the J's.P. to read and write. I suppose the. next ' thing will be, lie'll suggest my mounting a stove. pipe hat in lieu' of the "cabbage :tree," and the worthy sqiuatter gave a grunt expressive ot 'derision at the idea, for, like tlhe'ina-. jority of the coloniils of tliat day, he held that adjunct of an etffete civilization-the '" belltopper," :as a mnark: of, effemninacy aind degeneration, fit only 'to be worn by that- uncounted item- tho rather des pised newclul: : Thus soliloquising, the old man was star'led by a hearty slap on the back, and turning wrathfully'rouhdid, his :face re sumed its nor·nial, beating good humored aspect, as le beheld the bestowcer of the salute. i " So it's i you, Dadres,; you ung dog, frightening a ySi iar grosirth ouit of me; Your unexpected i'back: block saluta tiea rised that snemis- an accusin;g consciencelfor I thoulght it was apolice man, and visionis of 1-i forgotten moon li.'ht ' dufiing' "raids, or ' mistaken' brands at shearitig time arose. Ia l ha I ha I ldoes that strike home, Charley, as it would to so nmanriy of us ? Now, my boy, no excuses, you imust come with me to our hotel and see the wife. You know you are her favorite, so much so that I am a bitjealous. You willbe just in time for dinner, and it will be a Gad send for us old folks. We do not see many whom we know down here, neither do we feel to hiave much in common with the great city's ' madding crowd.' " " You must excuse me this time, Elton, I've a prior engagement, which I was on my way to keep when I saw you, and for a wonder, too, in a brown study," said Decres. The speaker was a splendid specimen of that-in many respects-distinct branch of the Anglo-Saxon family, the young Australian. Fully six feet in height, with adcquate breadth of shoulders, there was an absence of that superabundant adi pose tissue-as the medical student has it-so often seen in the young E'glish man, and there was not the angularity so typical of the American of the same age.-To be Contimnued. PP 4 