S'lMPOM. By J. O. B. Perhaps there is no more curious Australian 'custom than that of presenting a man with a picture of himself. - When, by half a century's residence in a* country town, a person shows that -he is ordinarily honest, seldom tipsy, and con scientiously opposfed-to wife-beating,* his fellow citizens at once request him to allow his -?portrait to be taken by the first artiBt caught pass -ing. To preserve the likeness, may- be, -in the local town-hall, public ? library, or other promi nent institution i Not so ; to give it to the sitter, who sees himself every time heshaveB, and re quires, no counterfeit presentment to keep him in . mind of; what he's like. If men's -minds and hearts, instead of .their faces, could be pourtrayed, how few would give a sitting to the artist— how few acknowledge the likeness when they saw it ! * ? ' * ' * . In hU bedroom in a Dubbo hotel Mr. Wade, the Crown Prosecutor, caught a burglar last week and handed him over to the authorities. _ The pursuit of burglary is a precarious one at the best. It is liable to so many inconveniences and uncalled-for interruptions that the perison adopting it requires to be constantly on the alert. It is seldom, how1 ever, that a thief risks his reputation and his freedom by attempting to rob a lawyer — seldom that he endangers his .personal liberty for the purpose of securing a few briefs. For the credit of the profession (of burglary) it is to be charitably hoped that in this instance the operator was either a tyro] or entered the wrong room. Probably he was a beginner or, at least, a bungler, who would never come to anything in the. galling he had chosen. How otherwise do you account for his starting in Dubbo when the whole world was before him? All talent gravitates naturally to the metropolis of a country. All Britain's best litterateurs, artists, scientists, soldiers, bards, and burglars either live and work in London or else hover round it during certain periods. There alone they find their peers, and can study professional matters in a manner denied, them in country towns: It is the same ! tpirti Paris. Berlin. St. Petersburg, and Vipnnn. I The same, too, with Sydney, Melbourne, and other 'Australian capitals. But to start in Dubbo, and On a lawyer 1 It merely shows that some men have no sense of dignity, and, except under Socialism — where all capacities are whittled down to the.eame mediocre plane — can' never expect to reach a decent level of: efficiency. No one with a grain of respect for the higher walks of the burg ling profession can read without a feeling of shame of the doings of such botchers , as the Dubbo man, who does not seem to have had any sense of the artistic merits of his calling. * *.*.*» The Emperor William thinks that the invention of smpkeless powder will tend to make war im possible. It is doubtful, however, whether any invention, short of one by which whole armies be wiped out, much as the Assyrians of old, will result in keeping nations from' each other's throats. Unique in the world's history would be the spectacle of rival armies facing each other and afraid to move lest advaixoe meant destruction. 'Consider what would necessarily follow. To begin with, a league of universal peace instead of one of armed truce. Then comes in the question of population— a question which, in some countries at least, has already begun to press :for solution. Old Thiers, and many more, attri buted the falling off of the French in physique ' and in fecundity to the 20 years of war that fol lowed on the removal of Louis's head. Two millions of the flower of the country's manhood left their bones from Madrid to Moscow. No nation could stand eueh a strain without stagger ing. But with universal peace, combined with means for stopping the spread of epi demies such as cholera and other patho logical scavengers, the progression of popu lation would cease to be- arithmetical and become geometrical. Smokeless powder, or some other invention, may mean' no more war ; modern medicine and modern prophylactics may mean no more black death. Then at once enters on the stage and occupies the whole of the proscenium the : most momentous question of all — population. Of late years attempts have been made to solve it, with the result that those who made the trial quickly found themselves sitting on a hard bench picking oakum. * . ? * s ? The Dowager Queen of Corea is dead, aged 83. To us in Sydney the circumstance would be of slender interest, were it not for the curious fact that during the three years immediately following on her death every Corean must wear a white hat. r Thus among those strange people white hate are used not so much to cover the head as to show 'that the Queen- Dowager has taken her seat in the interminable caravan. ? But it is. to commercial nations like England' ' and America that ; the subject is one . of the first importance. - Within a reasonable time, either of these countries could be guaranteed to place on the Korean market ahat that would show the wearer was really sincere in his grief ; that the person staggering under .it was half broken- , hearted, possibly for the Queen Dowager, posBibly through being unable to get his thumb on the Adam's apple of the ingenious fellow. that first invented white hats. Even in New South Wales, , where' -the manufacturing industries are not as yet very highly developed, one occasion ially meets in the streets a person with a head-dress which, if seen in Corea, would suggest that it was not the Dowager Queen alone, but the whole Royal family together, with the bulk of the aristocracy, that had been swept away. Corea, like Italy, is a peninsula that runs into, the sea with a pronounced kink towards the east,, as if anxious to meet £he rising ' sun. And; oddly enough, the Italians also are - .peculiar in their hats. Indeed, 6ome of the brigands in the . latter country wear ' tiles ' of such abnormal savagery that the unfortunate tourist who falls among . them asks no questions, but gives up all the money he has. It is far from improbable that the Corean method Of mourning . was introduced by an old-time Buddhist bishop, i who, through some cause, had a stock of white ? ! hats left on his hands. At all events, if the big ness of beavers were a sign not of grief but of j rejoicing, what tiaras the Russian Jews would bendunder should anything, unfortunately, happen to the Czar 1 Speaking of Jews reminds me that letters have appeared in the Sydney press speculating as to whether the old Israelites were a dark or a fair race.' It would appear that the world's fair peoples are becoming swart, while the sooty ones are on the high road to lightheadedness. In j time, the Swede, thp German, the Highlander, and the Irishman -may be as murky as King Koflee, while;. natives »f the Congo resemble ghosts. After the unsuccessful rising of 1641 and 1688 many Milesians were shunted West Indiawards by the victorious Cromwell and William. The negroes already in those islands quickly manufactured a sort of 'pidgin ' English ' compounded of the Anglo-Saxon, the Irish, and the Niger tongues. More than -a century after- ? wards a batch of Irish emigrants were driven in . on their way to New Orleans. Round the ship, in spite of the sharks, came scores of niggers, diving, swimming, splashing, laughing, and bawling, ' How are you, Mick, ma bouchal; an' how did ye lave the ould people ?' Thinking the Africans to be the descendants of the . transported Celts of the preceding century, a poor Cork man leant over the bulwarks and ; observed with anguish to the niggers, ' Tare an' I 'ounds, boys ; are ye as black as that already r ' To return to the Jews. It would have leen im possible for any fair people to remain fair while leading an out-door life in Palestine, Egypt, and the contiguous countries. Already the Australian climate has begun its work in the darkening, direction, so that before many generations a blue eved Queenslander or New South Walesman will be as rare as a bison. More nonsense has been -written and spoken on this question of ' race,' whether dark or fair, than on aU other questions welded together — always barring music andpaint ' ing. Take England and Ireland for example. Visit 'them in Caesar's time and you find the inhabitants of both to be savages pure and simple. , Come five or eix centuries afterwards and you'll find that the savages of the smaller island have progressed . far more rapidly 'than those of the larger. . Look in again ih a thousand years and the little island will be found chaotic while the big one is striding forward. In the meantime the lands, where culture reigned when the islanders were daubing . their bodies with pigments, have fallen back into semi-savagedom. If every dog has his day so has every nation and every race, whether dark or fair. Charley Ox: 'Don't you think Miss Warbler sings well?' . Miss Velvet (her rival) : ' 1 don't thinlr I am qualified to express an intelligent opinion. 1 have heard so few people tiy to sing through their noee.' \- Belle: ' Mamma, I had an awful close call last -night.' Mamma: ; 'Why,, daughter, what do you mean P' Belle : ' Oh, nothing, only Harry was here, you know.' 1 * °; 