NINA THE NIHILIST. A ROMANCE OF THE RUSSIA OF TO-DAY. By JAMES S. BORLASE. Author of “ Both Princess and Police Spy, ” “ Through a Thousand Perils, ” “ Queen of the Harem, ” “ The Rose of Rochdale, ” &c.; CHAPTER LXXI. THE HOUSB OF THE MURDERED JEW. Whether Jenny Douglas was ‘ warned be silly Fatima´s fate ’ or no, she did as she was bidden, and for weeks and months she lived in a darkened house into which the rays of the sun seldom or never penetrated. Often, indeed more than half the time, Tschekin was away, but his dumb mother was always abont, with her eyes as sharp as tboBe of a lynx, and her footfall as soft as tbat of a fly, so that had Jenny, or Nina, yielded to the cari osity that is said to be inherent in women, ten chances to one they would hare been discovered peeping, and then what might have been the consequences? Nina had a hard time of it, especially at first, when she had no recollection of Jenny, and very little knowledge or per oeption of what passed aronnd ber. For days her devoted friend trembled for her life, and a great deal longer than tbat for her reason. Indeed, when Tschf fcin said that Sfie was well, and Nina backed his assertion by declaring that she had qnite Recovered and folt as strong as she had ever done, there was something in her appearance and manner that ofted caused the affectionate Bng glisb girl to shudder, because it was so like madness. Not that she raved, or talked non sense, or behaved in at all an extraordin ary manner; she was singularly qoiet and composed, bnt she appeared to be continually brooding npon one subject, and bad apparently forgotten how to smile. The sweetness of her voice had qnite gone, too, and so had every trace of color from her cheeks, whilst a strange, wild light had found its home iu her eyes, that at times made her bear a wonderful resemblance to Tschckin, and in a lesser degree to his mother also. Jenny Douglas in vain attempted to convince herself tbat the continual dwel ling both day and night in a dim, arti ficial light caused her to imagine this strange resemblance between the only three persons whom she ever saw ; bat this process of reasoning, though it did very well at first, did not satisfy the shrewd girl for loDg, for there certainly was a strikiug likeness between Tsche kin and Nina, not so much in feature as in expression, that was really most re markable. Nina never spoke, either of tbeir fathers ot of her husband, and their re membrance never drew (tears from her eyes ; indeed they seemed with tbeir strange fire to have burned and withered up all sources of moisture. On one occasion Jenny, believing that could she but provoke a flood of tears tbey would afford her companion relief, boldly made mention of her parent and her hnsband almost in the same breath, whereupon Nina said coldly— ? I see what yon wish to do, bnt it will be time enough to weep for them when I have avenged them. Until tbat happy day the fountain of my tears is sealed.' ' Then you know tbat they are dead all, all ? My own father, too ?' ' Tschekin has told me so, and Tscbe kiu never lies. Be thankful, girl, that they are nearer heaven than we are — than perhapB I shall ever bo.' It was in vain to tell her of the wickedness of revenge, or even to quote the words of Holy Writ, ' Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saitb the Lord,' for Nina, with flashing eyes and panting chest, replied — ' That text only applies between man and man, but we have to do with fiends in the likeness of men. That is a very different matter, so never dare to preach again.' Nina's naturally affectionate disposi tion had quite left her ; and she soon afterwards asked the TeschelrinB to per mit her to have a bedroom to herself — a request that was at once granted. Jenny felt this act of Nina's keenly, bnt she never upbraided ber unhappy friend, for by this time she felt quite convinced that she was not quite in her mind, and that the severe attack of brain fever from which she had suffered had left a species of morbid insanity behind it. Bhe could not help fancying, too, that the Tecbekins, both mother and son, influenced her in some strange w»y, and for a set purpose. The conduct of the people had been most kind and con siderate towards them both, and Jenny felt that individually, as a friendless ftranger, she owed them b very deep debt of gratitude ; bat their treatment of Nina, now that she was restored to health, was very strange, for their con versation waB always of the wickedness of the Oaai and hvs ministers and the righteousness of revolutions and the destruction of tyrant* and their myrmi dons. Nina would listen to these aTgnmente with breathless interest, and drink them into her very soul. Once Jenny ventured to say to Tschekin : ' I think that my friend requires to be cheered up instead of de pressed. Do not you think that if you were to talk to her less of horrors and more of God's goodness it would be better for her?' ' God's goodness has long been with drawn from unhappy Russia, but per haps he is preparing Nina to be one of the appointed instruments to bring it back.' ' Oh, you will not tempt my friend into becoming &n; active revolutionist ?' 'What is to be will be. I shall neither tempt nor force. If the Al mighty selects her to be a second Char lotte Oorday, then I Bay ' His will be done.' ' And with these words Tschekin put an end to the disoUBBion by withdraw ing. But that very day he called the two girls into a room that had a side ?window looking straight up the street and beyoDd the deserted cholera quarter, and drawing the blind a conple oi inches to one side bade them both look ont. Tbey did so, to behold a procession passing across the end of the street about a quarter of a mile distant, and they could jnst make out a man and woman bonnd back to back in a slowly moving oart that waB surrounded by soldiers with shouldered rifles and fixed bayonets, and followed by a surging, exerted crowd. There go Yanko PodatchHne and his wife on their way to the gallows,' biised HclfW' between bii teeth, [whilst his eyes flashed. ' That sight is | intended to overawe and intimidate as j Nihilists. To my mind it is better cal- ' culated to impart twelve devils within ; each of our breasts, where nine only found lodgment before. Ah, Miss Douglas, wben yonr countrymen onoe wanted to destroy a tyrant king tbey were able to do it with a good deal of form and ceremony and that took it ont of the category of crime, but in Russia all the form and ceremony is monopo lised by onr adversaries ; and so, though we shonld like to able to have recourse to latr courts and jadgss and s public executioner, these respectable adjuncts to tvranuicide are out of our reach. So whoa the thing is done with the dagger or revolver instead of the axe or the rope, I suppose that, instead of being called patriots, as were your Cromwell and Milton, Monk and Pyra, we shall lie dubbed by the press of Europe assnssins and miscreants. Jenny could not help looking hard at the speaker at he concluded, and more than ever was she convinced that he was a geotlemau of high attainments ani education. But, in addition to this, she became suspiciouB of something more, for a strong ray of sunlight streaming through the partly-exposed window fell upon his face, which she had never before beheld save in seniidark nesi, and she saw that itJ was covered everywhere with cracks. So she at once jumped to the conclu sion that its deadly whiteneBB was owing to some kind of a preparation wherewith it was enamelled, and that this thick coating of enamel gave also tlie deep sunken look to the eyee ; that in Bhort Tscbekin was not in real appearance what he seemed, tbat he was a man who wore a perpetual yet frequently renovated mask, and that this wonderfully natural mask, iu the safety of the house of tlie murdered Jew in the middle of the deserted cholera quarter, he had not so closely attended to aB was his wont. Jenny bad now caught a glimpse of the 'forbidden chamber,' and for tue first time she louged to use ' Fatima's key.' Woman's curiosity was strong within her after all. For some nights previonsly she bad beard a strange monotonous rumbling somewhere or other in the house after she had gone to bed. On this particular night she heard it again, and an un accountable impulse urged her to ask Nina whether Bhe had noticed it also. 6he hurriedly dressed herself, and without her shoes made her way to her friend's bedroom, but only to discover by the light of the glowing stove not only that she was not there, bat that her bed betrayed no evidence of having been lain on. To curb her curiosity now would have been impossible, for it was loug past midnight, and Nina had retired to her room, professing to be sleepy, at quite an early hoar. Standing by ber empty bed she could hear the strangely monotonous Bemuds much more clearly than in her own room, and they put her in mind of the thnd of the, screw of a sterner as she is struggling bard against & head sea. What could it be ? It came evidently from the basement of tiie house, perhaps even from the cellars underneath. She tried to think that her friena was in peril, and that itawa6 her duty to fly to her rescue, but in her heart she really imagined nothing of the kind, and curiosity was her motive power. Obeying the ungovernable impulse that it bestowed on her, she crept down stairs in her stockinged feet. CHAPTER LXXII. tbchekik's life stobt. Jenny Douglas knew the old house so thoroughly from basement to attic that she required no light to enable her to find her tray about. She glided down the worm-drilled staircase of black oak as silently as a ghost, bnt when she reached the ground floor of the mansion she found tbat she had to go further if she would solve the mystery tbat had so stimulated ber curiosity. The cellar door, which she had always hitherto seen with a great padlock on, now stood open, and a great ray of light came up from below, which was evidently the locale of the strange noises that had so puzzled and perplexed her. She certainly had not gone so far only to turn back again wben the discover; was almost made ; and, still persuading herself that it was all for Nina's sake she went down to the stone steps as noiselessly as she had descended the wooden staircase, and at the bottom came against a closed door which was perforated near the top with some round holes that formed the device of a star, though doubtless they bad beed intended for ventilation. Applying her eyes to two of these, for they were very close together, Jenny Donglas looked into the room, and saw Nina and Mrs Tschekin hard at work upon a hand printing press, from which tbey were rapidly throwing off copies of tbat most revolutionary and Nihilistic of papers, The Will of tlie People, for she could read the broad black title of the broadsheet. Both women were engrossed with their work, as their silent earnestness and uninterrupted action sufficiently toe tod. Nina had her sleeves tucked up to her shoulders, and the delicate flesh of her large round white arms quivered as she manipulated the heavy machine, whilst the older woman placed the blank paper and withdrew it printed from off the cylinder. ' 60 she has committed herself heart and eoul to this murderous cause,' thought Jenny. ' These people have got her to believe that it is a just and righteous one, and to risk not only her eoul but the knout, the prison, the poisonous lead mines — aye, the very gibbet in this unholy and unnatural alli ance.1 She waB still pondering in this strain, when all at once the felt a hand laid on her shoulder, and turning round with a smothered cry beheld a handsome young man regarding her sternly. Tall and attenuated, his figure had sot changed witb his face, nor had the expression of his eyes, and so, in this young man of not more than twenty-five years, Jenny recognised Tschekin, yes, Tschekin, with the letters VOB branded on each of his cheeks, with an ing-rained border, exactly as they were npon bis mother's. Neither his nostrils nor his upper lip had been slit, nor had his tongue been cut, but the branded cheeks explained one reason for their usual enamel cover ing. Of course there might be others as well. ' You have merited death,' said Tschekin. ' Why are you prying here V ' ' I wus frightencil at strange nniseB. I went to Nina's room to see whether she was alarmed likewise. Finding it empty and her bed unBlept on, I feared the was in danger and came in quest of ber, and my searoh brought me here.' ? It has broueht you to the threshold of the grave, but the tomb shall not Bwallow you up this time, because you have erred through love, not through curiosity and treachery. Come into this room, tor as you have learnt so much I niusi make you aoquaiuted with Jenny made no response, but followed Tschekin into an adjoining cellar, where stood a table covered with copy and proofs, and whoso floor was strewn with mutilated newspaper** and torn fragments ol manuscript. ' Be good enough to sit down there and listeu to me,' said Tscbekin, point ing to the only Beat iu tbe place. ' You nci-dn't stare at me so. 1 dare Bay, though, uiy changed appearance does startle you somewhat. For instance, I no longer look like the stern patriot who bad slain his two grown- up sons lest they should betray out sacred canse,' and the young man Biuiled as be spoke. ' No yon do not,' rejoined Jenny. ' 1 can see tbat you are not a day over twenty-five, if iudeed so mnch ; bnt I was not looking so hard at yon for that reason, bat because you are so like Nina. It is very strange.' 1 Not at all strange when I inform you that I am her brother.' 'Her brother? No, no, no, I will never believe;it. It is loo dreadful.' ' Then I will try and make it less so by confessing that I am ouly her half brother. I have noue of her princely father's blood in ray veins, aud 1 thauk God for it, but my mother is hers also. What do you think of that 7' ' I do not know what to think until — until you have told me more.' ' I am about to do so, that yon may feel that Nina is safe with us, and you also as her friend. 1 have not time for a long explanation, for onr weekly issue must be printed and got ont of the house and into circulation during the honrs of darkness. Ah, the printing press is a power in these days.' 'Both for good and evil. But tell me of yonreelf — of Nina, I mean.' ' It is not a long tale, though a sen sational one. My mother was a serf, and married a serf. Be got permission from bis master to setile in St. Peiers bnrg, for he had developed a genius for painting, and the village priest had drawn out his talents in that line and trained them into the proper channel. ' The owner of this serf thought that it would better him to share half his slave's earnings as an artist than own the whole of his toil as a hewer of wood and a drawer of water. Tbat aud not good nature induced the great man to let him come with his young wife to St. Petersburg, where in time I was born, and where in time, too, my father died, thongh not before he had made a name and enriched bis master as well ss him self by the acquisition of many thousands of roubles, and had well educated my mother and himself. 1 Prince Orloff fell in love with my mother, and like the honorable man he was, for I am willing even to give the devil his due, he wooed her openly and married her. But he lost caste, and that in time preyed npon Mb proud spirit. The female aristocracy of St. Petersburg and Moscow turned up their noses at the ennobled peasant woman, who repaid scorn with scorn, and took no pains to hide her belief in the doc trine of liberty, equality, and universal brotherhood. ' These feelings intensified with years, and were perhaps nurtured and fostered by Prince OrlofTs refusal to have any thing at all to do with her firstborn, tbe son of a peasant — myself. It is true he paid for my schooling, and afterwards for my being brought up to the medical profession, hut he would never admit me inside his palace, or even suffer my mother to Fee me except secretly and on very rare occasions. ? Such cruel conduct lessened her lore for him, and perhaps her affection for her child, the Princess Nina, my half sister, as well, and it soured her temper in addition, bo that after a few years they did not live a very happy life to gether, though they managed to keep this secret from the world. ' My mother's beauty increased, how ever, with her years, whilst at the same time I suppose it took a higher polish. Anyhow, she was thirty-eight when the Police Minister became emamonred of her, got her hnsband and daughter ont of the way, and invaded the Orloff palace with hired and masked ruffians, abducted ber by brntal force, making her husband believe, on his return, that the corpse of another woman was hern, and that she had been first murdered and then her head carried away. ' I don't believe that Prince Orloff, ever credited this tale, tor I can't imagine so shrewd a man doing bo. The headless woman was bnried with great pomp as the murdered Princess Orluff, and when, after staying affay from the funeral, I called on my princely stepfather to give him my view of the case, 1 was turned out of doors. ' I need not tell you how I at last discovered what bad really become of mother, and how tbe Police Minister, failing to make her satisfied with ber new position, soon grew tired of her, and fearing the results of ber possible escape and tbe consequent exposure of bis infamy, packed her off to Siberia, ' Again I songht my stepfather's palace with the information I had ob tained, but I was not suffered to enter tbe doors. The next day I accosted him in the street, and he struck me with bis riding whip. 60 I resolved to effect my mother's rescue sod deliverance alone, and after encountering a thousand perils in the attempt I found her work ing in the lead mines of Siberia, not the magnificent weman of the year before, but the pitiable object that you now behold. I was detected, and I was branded, too, as yen sec, bat we escaped together, partly owing to a secret that I possess of enamelling the face, and in time we got back to St. Petersburg to discover that my stepfather had for gotten all about my mother in the charms of a French opers-bonffe singer and a mere rat of tbe police. ' Meanwhile my mother bad tho roughly inoculated me with the revolu tionary sentiments which she had always entertained, and tbe intensity of which her persecutions and sufferings had deepened a hundred- fold. I became a member of the Revolutionary Tribunal, and under the name of Tschekin entered tbe secret police, so that I might betray its inner workings to my companions. ? Well, I have no time to tell you mop now, except that I And my mother, aye end my sister Nina now as well, 1 belong to the glorious army that ii 1 pledged to make war on tyrants and I vice, and are thirsting, all three of us, for the glory of martyrdom. I leave 1 you to guesB the reBt.' ' Ob, I can too well guess it,' moaned Jenny, as she wrung . her hands and burst into tears. ' Yon and yonr j mother, maddened by trials and . suffer- I ings, hardships and persecutions, that I own have been sufficient to madden say body, have striven for weeks and weeks to taint . yonr sister with the same in sanity, and at last have only too thoroughly succeeded.' ' Ah, Miss Douglas, patriots and enthusiasts have often been deemed insane.' ? Eathnsiasm when wrongly directed is frequently the parent of insanity.' ' Bo silent. I will listen to this no longer. Do not dare to insult those whose bread yon eat, and whoBe roof shelters you. My sister Nina will be a second Charlotte Corday, and like her will live in hiBtory aB the smiter of a tyrant.' CHAPTER LXXIII. LEOHlE's STAR AT ITS ZEKlTH. All these weeks and months — the long, inexpressibly dreary months of a RuBsian winter — PrincesB Leonie had held high revel in her stately palace. Balls, kettle drums, receptions, at homes, fetes — every other night brought one or the other of these. We say every other night, for the Princess prised her wondrous beauty far to highly to imperil it by an unin terrupted racket, and on the off nights Bhe would go to bed at eight o'clock, af t«r a simple sapper and a bath of luke warm milk, for she bad no wish to show signs of wear and tear at twenty as many society belles do now. Sue bad long ere Christmas lost all terror of TscheHn's threatened vengeance, even tbongh she neglected not a Bingle precaution to ensure her safety. Her chief reliance was still on Paul and Oscar, for she never walked along a passage or passed from one apartment to another without the gigantio chasseur being just in front or behind her, and whatever room she might be in, he was always standing as sentry and bristling with weapons outside the door, whilst at night he slept across the mat outside her bedroom door, and Oscar upon another mat at the foot of ber bed, so that she had good reason for considering her self safe. Then, too, at her balls and leveeB trusted members of the secret police, disguised for tbe occasion in her own livery, were always stationed in the hall to watch and take note or tbe guests as they entered, so that Leonie was almost like a beautif nl princess in an enchanted palace, so hard was it to approach her without the help of the particular spell that admitted to her presence; and many who found that presence discovered when too late that it was the flower stretrn sube-room to tbe police bureau, the prison cell, and the trackless snows of Siberia. For only too well did she do the .ruth less Police Minister's bidding, smiling to destroy and encouraging only to be tray, with a gay ituovcianoe and air of assumed carelessness worming out secrets of State, and the next day transmitting them to her rascally employer, who be fore long was fain to confess that be had never been so well served by a society spy before. Ladies, as a rule, shunned the Palace Orloff, some declaring (but these were generally the angular and scraggy) that the Princess dressed, or rather undressed, in such a way tbat it was impoBsible to approach her without blushing; whilst others asserted her to be a vulgar up start, and a third clique called her (amongst themselves) unfeeling, for carrying on in such a style so very sojn after tbe mysterious disappearance, if not the death or banishment, of ber hus band. Whilst many high-born ladies thus shunned her assemblies, many freely went to them, some because all the noble and handsome men in St. Petersburg were to be found there, others to keep a jealous and watchful eye on husbands and lovers, whom they could not keep away from the bewitching syren of the hour ; aud a third set, because they did not feel particularly sure of their own safety, shrewdly guessed Leonie 60 be what she was, and were afraid of pro voking her animosity or her employer's suspicions by staying away. Tbe Princess paid little heed to them. She had always bated her own sax and idolised the handsome men, by half a score of whom, counting grand dukes aud generals, ambassadors aud nobles, ehe was continually surrounded, the most favored (generally her intended vic tims) being allowed to lean over the back of her chair or sit on a low tabourette at her feet. Was it any wonder that this beauti ful yonng creature, witb her big, violet eyes and baby face, her petiie features and tiny rosebud of a mouth, her long, drooping lashes and short curly hair of the deepeBt jet, contrasting witb a skin as milk-while and clear as porcelain, and a neck, shoulders, and arms so snowy, plnmp and ronnded that a painter would have despaired of doing them justice on canvas, or even a sculp tor in the purest of Carara marble— was it auy wonder that many of her admirers lost tbeir hearts to her ? But love is not always to be guarded against, and is accustomed to select its victims and strike them as and when it likes ,- and thus it was that, by a most unhappy chance, Leonie, after success folly, though often not without difficulty, hardening her heart against tbe assaults of the handsome young nobles and guardsmen, and foreign attaches lost it to her servant Paul. Paul had lost his to her long ago, but had kept tbe secret locked up within his breast until he had discovered much more concerning bis young and beauti ful mistress than it behoved his peace of mind to know. Sleeping just outside her bedroom door, and Leonie being accustomed sometimes to talk in her sleep, be had picked up a little information that way, but he derived much more from other sources, and when he had learned that in all probability the Princess's extrao was as humble as hiB own, aud that Bbe was the mere child of fortune, instead of a hereditary princess with a. line of illus trious ancestry stretching back through a hundred generations, he felt tbat she was but a pretty woman after all, as likely to be won by a handsome chasseur as by a handsome noble. Had not he saved her life? Paul argued to himself. And wasn't that something? Wasn't he the biggest and tallest and handsomest man that ever came into the palace, were he a prince or guardsman or noble, and wain'tthat something, too? Couldn't ta defend her against her enemies better than anyone else ? And couldn't he love her wilh a greater and more abBorb ing lore than any of those perfumed ?wells who had already, every one of them, frittered his heart away over half a dozen different women? Why of course he could, and waBn'tthat half the battle ? Paul waB not a diffident man, though he was both brave and honsBl, and one morning he frightened and enraged Leonie by making her an offer of his hand and heart, .and got a dismissal from his situation as a conscquenoe. But he did not go, and his mistress was very glad he had not taken her at ler word, for ebe would have been really afraid to part with her big life guardsman. For a whole week Paul was very re spectful to bis mistress after this, and then his heart flared «p afresh and he made her another offer, saying tbat he could not help it, and that tbe words would come ont in spite of him. This time he got a beating for his pains, with a whip that Leonie generally kept by her for Oscar's special benefit. But what did bur, bnrly Panl care for a chastisement from such little hands, and in a week out came Mb offer agaiu, in almost the exact words that be had used on the two prior occasions, and this time Leonie swore soundly at him, and called him a fool, and finished up by offering to treble his wages on con ditions of his never being so foolish again. But love is as contagious as cholera, and by this time Leonie was very much afraid that she loved Paul. She struggled against the degrading feeling, as she persisted in calling it, but tbe more sue struggld the more stubborn grew the passion, and at last Bhe fouud herself murmuring, ' Well, at all events, he is as good as I am, and I'm sure that he has never loved before. He's the sole being all the wide world through who really cares for mo, perhaps, aud he's as strong as Samson and as baud same as Apollo.' (To be continued.) 