THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. **I would give a million dollars for a stomach,' said a, wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price, Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Bow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as nranv, being a gardener, but be was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his oivn -way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to eay : ' Dp to eight years ago I had never lost an hours1 work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, nrer Nottingham, my appetite fell away. I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and etickly that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to * fill np ' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rush ont of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. ' I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor r^wytnun^nHati/wi to the Derbv shire jnnnnary, iterby. l xound, nowpp that all the beds in the hospital were f l ' I saw my dub doctor and also two doci -*? Derby. Tbe first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. 'Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this nnfal Decem ber, 1888. when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke ont into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. ' 1 managed to get np lor a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. ' The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, * I can do you no good ; 1 can only patch you up, because your lungs arc diseased. \ then gave over fairing bis medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22b. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to Bee me said, * Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' 'About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills -at Darley Abbey, said to me, * Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ? ' and told me how he had been cured nftfx being in the hospital. Se spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Btores in Victoria-street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black aa ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother SeigeTs Syrup bad saved my life. I com menced work at once, and have never lost & day's work since. 'Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued bo ever since.' 'In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tbe facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey twenty-two years, and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less tliau three mouths, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is no often ignorantly mistaken and wrouply treated. When the rifibt remedy, Mother Seigel'e Syrnp, was ised the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his I'ccovcry, anil recommend the facts of his case to all thinking people. St. Lawrence contributed one candidate at the last Sydney University examination, viz. Master Percival Michael M'Grade, a native of that town, attending the Marists School, Hunters Hill, Sydney. He passed the junior examination. 