Mr. Whitley King, secretary of the Pastoralists' Association, now again in active work with the shearers, ran a paper a few years ago in New Zealand. Mr. W: G. Higgs, late a candidate for South Sydney, will stand again for the first urban vacancy. His exposure of the attempt made to bribe him operated against a couple of the Protectionist party, but still more disastrously against himself. The printers are determined, however, to put him in next time. Mr Clement Wragge, Government Astronomer in Brisbane, will soon leave for the old country. Messrs. Todd, Ellery and Russell will have a plan ar ranged by the time he returns, which will end the invidious references now indulged in against them as weather fore casters. From the start Mr. Wragge re fused to wear the usual staid mental attire of the civil servant. For awhile he was ostracised by the older officials, but his fresh departures in meteorology have earned him more favors in a short time than routine work would have done in a life. Barrister and Politician Want, who is as fond of drama and opera as of horse racing and yachting, took a twenty-one year's lease of a box in the Sydney Royal, as far back as 1877. For several years now that lease has been in litigation, a difference having arisen between him and the Mosses, old theatre proprietors. Mr. Want and the Mosses used to struggle personally for possession, but in the end a jury split the tenure, leaving Mr. Want the box one half the week and to the others the balance. Last week the case again came on, but the Chief Judge in Equity refused to disturbe the jury's decision, so that for some time Mr. Want will have to do with three nights' theatreing in the week. Mr. F. Lyon Weiss, a gentleman of much classic erudition, defended himself in a debt case before Judge. Innes the dther day, and received as a consequence several uncomplimentary stabs from His Honor. Those thrusts were hugely en joyed by the junior bar in particular, as they went to show that a layman is a fool who attempts to open his mouth in a court, except to answer some question put to him by a person in horsehair. But why should not even a less informed man than Mr. Weiss be able to make his way through legal proceedings ? Few barris ters have more intelligence than the scholar referred to, and if'it be the pro ceedings which are complicated beyond the reach of the average mind, then why not simplify them ? Publicans in Sydney are coming to be the sport of the official mind, Late crusades have caused pressure to be put on, and the Licensing Court has suddenly resolved on acting up to the occasion. Hence applications for renewals are one by one j]jected. This might be quite lawful, if dbne in the usual way. It has been customary for applicants to receive notice in writing that it is intended to oppose the application, and those who desire to persist are therefore able to employ advocates, and procure testimony .to rebut the objections. Notices are still served, but while the case is being heard, it has become the fashionfor the police to mount the witness - box and relate a wholly new list of reasons why the renewal should be refused, The Bench holds that the fashion is within the law, but it is obvious that if this be so appli cants occupy a position of serious disad vantage. They do not know what charge they shall have to meet until it is too late to collect evidence to refute it. The noble ruffianism of the prize ring, remarks an English paper, has gained such a hold on us, thanks to what are termed glove fights, that the telegraph agencies felt themselves obliged to provide newspapers with full accounts of the great combat that took place in San Francisco last week 'between two championis of the ring, Jackson and Corbett. The former has two ribs broken, and he` received such heavy blows on his face that blood filled his mouth and nose and entered his throat until lie was nearly choked. The left forearm of the latter was so badly battered that. he had to use his right arm during the contest. So de lighted was the California Athletic Club with these results, that they made a present of £500 to each of the com batants, and offered them a purse. of £1,500 to fight again. [What. fearful results come from a diseased imagina tion.] The following, from the HIome News, will be read with some interest: " Mr. Edward Jenks communicates to the Athenceum an interesting biblio graphical find made by him in Mel bourne. It is a little manuscript book apparently:containing copies of several poems in the autograph of Keats, namely, " The Pot of Basil," " The Eve of St. Mark," and " Lines on the Mer maid Tavern." It may be that Mr. Jenks, like all discoverers, errs on the side of being too sanguine, but if he is right in his surmise, he has come across " the oldest autographs of these pieces in existence." But what he does not explain is the history of the little volume, and how it came to Melbourne from America, where, he says, it has apparently spent some years." There are two prosperous irrigation settlements on the banks of the River Murray - Mildura in Victoria and Renmark in South Australia. At the former the Earl of Ranfurly some time ago acquired a large area for fruit growing, and now we are told that Lord Delamere has purchased a considerable extent of country at Ren mark. Boxes of fruit branded with coronets will soon be a familiar feature at Covent Garden.-English paper. There is a quiet little hint conveyed in this notice, themeaning of which is that the people of these colonies want to look out almighty sharp that the whole of the available land is not soon in the hands of people possessing coronets, and debts. The many card fanciers who have from time to time learned of the doings of the Prince of Wales and "baccarat," and have been consumed with the de sire to follow in the footsteps of 'is Royal 'ighness, will be disappointed to learn that "baccarat " is nothing better than what is known as "blind hookey" in the colonies. During the insolvency examination of a jeweller named Hanslow, whose shop was burgled some time ago by Melbourne criminals, it was stated that he was an adept at bill financing, and knew of instances in which he had had to pay 400 odd per cent. to the brokers. Vot yer want, eh l Shent per shent goot enough for you, .or two shents for one 7 :The following is the paragraph from Truth upon which recent cablegrms` were based. Comment is needless: " Miss Caroline Guelph, a daughter of George IV., has retired to the Camber well Workhouse, where she is living at the cost of the Camberwell ratepayers. Such is life. If George IV. instead of marrying Mrs: Fitzherbert and. after wards committing bigamy with another lady, had married this old lady's mother, she would have been her Majesty Queen Caroline, and instead of the modest pension of the Camber well, ratepayers she would have been given .a.. dozen palaces and many hundreds of thousands per, annum by the British taxpayers. Her family, many members of which are comfort ably off, really ought to do something for Miss Caroline Guelph. If they are not able to do this, surely all the gang of toadies who seize the opportunity of silver weddings and such-like occasions to make costly presentations to members of the Royal Family, should get up a subscription for her." One of the most recent English papers remarks that ".a Chinese settler who was sitting at the door -of his hut near Albury, Australia, has been speared. by some blacks, who thereby caused his death from spinal paralysis. The culprits have notbeen captured, but the police are pursuing them." In order to prevent any un due excitement, it is interesting to note that the police are still pursuing 'them, but will return in time for the Christmas holidays. An anecdote is told about-Bishop Goe, that happened during a late tour through the country districts, that is worth repeating. He put up at a station on the Murray, but before his arrival the servants were all well drilled into the proper method of addressing him, and they were told to by no means omit his title, "My Lord." -The Bishop, after he had finished :a pile of correspondence, rang the bell and to the girl who answered it he addressed the question,-" Who would take them to the post ?" The sight of a real live Bishop quite put the poor girl in a state of utter confusion, and she answered thus, " My boy, I'll send his Lordship with them." We accepted an invitation a few DUNCAN, HARRISON. Manager for J. L. Sullivan. evenings ago to an unusual gathering. It was the banquet to celebrate the first anniversary of the Victorian Master Undertakers' Association. One would i have thought the occasion was t one which would bear a funereal aspect, but it was not so. The l Fitzroy Town Hall was decorated and laid with the good .things fit only for the quick and of no use to the dead. But after all was said and done the occasion was mournful. When you looked around the well- filled tables, the c prosperous lookipg gathering, you were apt to think, "and all this has been got out of the corpses of my friends." With such a pleasant and savory re flection one attempted to do justice to Mr. Skinner's catering. Of course it made no difference to the undertakers, but we were nervous, and said, "No, thank you," at each course, for with the vivid imagination our enemies say we are noted for, we -could not but fancy all the horrible shapes the dishes took in our mind's eye. But if we were overcome, the general company was not. Now, let us look round the room a bit. JFirst of all, there was the doctor. Oh ! how the undertakers cast grateful eyes on their benefactor. Seated a few seats away, was another'good friend, the chemist, f who remarked, " throw physic to the dogs," and one of the company, fearful this would be done, said, "Oh, no, c throw it to the doctor's patients." t There was the parson who reads the burial service, but who said grace upon this occasion; and then came the' lawyer, keen and business-like,ready to ! make the wills of those who would present themselves to the doctor and the chemist. And then,.added to the t undertaker, who, of" course, followed i the other professions, came the chief grave-digger. He was the last in this strange, romantic, fearful assemblage, who cracked jokes of a dismal nature, and related horrid puns of' funerals. After the eatables the wine flew round the tables, and there was a long; list of toasts. Mr. Rentle was in the chair, and related the worthy objects of the association, which are to pro mote business-no, no, we beg pardon - to protect each other against each other, provide proper means for attending to the last sad offices, and guaranteeing sober people, so that the solemn occasions may be carried out in a decorous manner. The toast of "Prosperity to the Asspciation" had,a gruesome ring about it, for it sounded like drinking to your own demise, and then Mr. W. G. Apps pro posed "The President." ,Mr. King proposed " The Committee," and Mr. Downie responded. The founder's health. was proposed and heartily, honoured, and then Mr. hiaven threw his protectinr wing over the ladies, who resp6nded through Mr. Robson. Mr. J. Bullivant '(J.Daly and Co.), proposed the health of Employers, and Mr. Holdsworth responded. Mr. George Harris made a touching appeal for no Sunday funerals, but having drunk " Success and prosperity to the trade," those present were not in the humour to refuse funerals at any time. There was a singular appropriate ness about the programme which followed. The music started with the "Devil's March." How realistic! How mournful it makes one to think how many the company have known go down to do the "IDevil's March" for eternity: Then Mr. Raven-recited "The Undertaker's MIan," and Mr. E. T. Apps brought down the house by singing the "Dead Sexton." Another member of the company gave the grave-yard scene from Hamlet, and that is all we remember, with the ex ception that we had to get a friendly policemen to see us past the ghosts and goblins, which the~" gruesome funeral entertainment made us fancy were ever before our eyes. 