'General' Booth A SPECIAL HOLINESS MEETING. Thb following graphic account of one of 'General' Booth's great Salvation Army meetings in Melbourne is taken from the An* trtuasian The 'General' had a tremendous reception on Monday, and at once the vpst audience broke into Irsalm 45, ending with the Salvation chorus : — ' Let me, Jesna, let me Jesus, iietme Jesus, Fuller know redemption's plan, - Fuller know redemption's plan.' They sang it possibly half a dozen times, each time with greater strength of lung. But loudly M they chaunted they could not satisfy the 'General,' who, standing in front of the platform, marked time with oustretched arms, abandoning himself entirely to the excitement of the moment in striking contrast to his demeanour of the previous two days. This was not the 'General' Booth of Sunday, or Saturday. For the first time the audience saw the leader of the Salvation Army in his ultra-Salvationist mood. ' Again, again,' he shouted. 'Let me fuller know redemption's plan ! Sing it again, but not ' redemption' — salvation ! Let me fuller know salvation's plan. If you burn to trust the blessed Christ this evening — if you burn to have Him blot . * out ? your guilt — sing it again.' And the audience,' obedient to the cry, took up the ? /burden — ? i ' 'Letlne, Jems, letme Jesus, ' LetmeJesns, ' Fuller know salvation's plan.' Fuller knenr salTation's plan, No, no,' the ' General' cried. '1. am no4 satisfied. Everybody wants to kne^w about Jesus this evening, and to have more'salvation , than they ever had before. 2 f you don't, what did you come hers for? Why else. did Vou ' leave your business and your' shops? Who could ever have expected that anybod/ at all would leave their homes on a Monday after noon. If anybody liad said so a month ago you would have said, ' NonsenBe.' Some of you have travelled miles, and you're going to have something for it or else you have thrown your fare away, you know, and you'd better BO home again and look after your business. Yon want solvation or you'll never enjoy religion.. There was an old woman once who * said, 'What, me enjoy religion! Why, I never knew what it was to be miserable until I got religion.' The reason was she didn't get enough of it. Let's have more of it. ('Amen.') Everybody wants more of salva tion. So sing it again, sing it again, and . everybody hold their right hand up.' - They sang it again after this, and they sang it with the loud pedal on, every ? right arm ? extended at length, and every foot jn the hall keeping time to the thunder of the big drum. Then says the ' General,' 'Let as all_pray,' and as the audience fall on their knees, he adds, with a keen glance that sweeps the ' building from floor to galleries, 'Pray— not look about. The devil always looks at a meet ' ing when it is praying, and sees how many are helping Jesus Christ. He takes notice' of those that keep their eyes open. ? Shut your eyes, or else heal put you down in his pocket book.' The .'General' goes on anew, and as he proceeds the excitement grows'more and more intense, and the 'Hallelujahs' fall thicker and faster. 'Are yon a Christian? Is he the ruling purpose of your life? If you have got the. spirit of Jesus Christ you are a Christian. Are you a follower of the Bleeding Lamb? Are you on His side ? Then you can call yourself a Christian. Everyone who so say ' Amen.' ' And the audience unite in one mighty ? 'Amen.' 'Here is proof,' the ' General goes on ' in the Bible ? your Bible. This is not a Salvation Army Bible ? yes it is, it is my Bible, blessed thing' ? and the ' General' presses it affectionately ' to bis bosom. ' This is the Bible that you read and swear by, and quarrel over, and which yon expect you are going to be judged ' Vy on the last great day. This is your Bible, and I ask you to listen to the words that you know from childhood. This is what it says : — ' The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who although he was rich— a millionaire— yet for our sins He became poor that we through his penalty might become rich.' ('Hallelujah.') Eve yon got that spirit? Von maybe a ' member of a church.' Ibelieve in being a mem ber of a church, a good member, and a work ing member, and a paying member. You may have got a creed. I believe in.a creed— I be lieve in- what 1 believe in. ('Hallelujah.') That is my creed. ('Gloty;') You may have ? - a ceremonial ; we belong to the High Church, a' (Laughter.) I believe in a ritual, and vest ' ments, and processions, and walking about on week days as well as Sundays, seeing who is oh the Lord'ssidc. You may havo excitemcnt. —Ibelieve in excitement. I do. (' Glory.') I don't think much of people who are musical and not excitable— they may be very good in their way, but they aren't of much use to the the Salvation Army. (Laughter.) I like a man who can fire up— a man who ha* cot a temper — A good temper, thoogh. (Laughter,) I believe in excitement, and l' do like to rot. up the excitement here. (' Hallelujah. ) Talk about the excitement of Mclbourne-Whnt is it to the excitement of saving souls ? ( Glory. ) ' Talk about Eight Hours Day! Id like to make it four and twenty hours. I d have an excitement that would shut up tho Bhops and stop the factories, and close Government House, and pot the Governor down to _ tho humblest individual in tho street. (' Hallelu- iah ') I'd liko to have one great blessed, ? Morions excitement that would sweep over ' everything — (' Glory.')— and that would take every man «abd every woman and sweep them away before it, away into tho Kingdom of God. ('Hallelujah.')' . By this time »he excitement Is ncaring its tension point. Women are already beginning to sob hysterically, and men, . with the per spiration rolling off their faces, aro following every second word with hoarse murmurs of 'Bless the Lord,' 'Glory,' and the like. The 'General' himself lias altered the pitch of hU voice by half ft tone, and is talking now not in tlie even, monotonous drawl of the earlier part of his address, but with a rapid add nervous utterance— harsh, almost mctallle . ETeflect. With cAisUntly increasing speed he mes on You may havo a correct creed— no doubt the deVil is tbo coxrectest theologian in the universe — you may go to church, you may serve in the army barracks, you may en joy all the pleasures of Bible claws and Bible readings, and live a correct life, but unless you make Jesus Christ'6 purpose your, purpose, and Jesus Christ's life your lite, I cLon t see how you can call yourself a Chris tian man or a Christian woman, and I cannot, and I say it with all reverence— I cannot see how, without these attributes, Christ himself could have claimed to be the Messiah. It was when He came down to sacrifice himself ; for me and you that He became Christ.. (-HaIeIujah.') And to follow Him seems to me the only ground on which a man can claim to be a Christian. Where are you! . If you are right, may God confirm you. If you are in the main right, may God make you wholly so. May he endow you with Christ-like spirit and zeal for the rescue of perishing souls. If you are not, then Jesus Christ is here to give himself away. (' Hallelujah') 'Behold, I stand at the door and knock.' (* Glory.') Open the door and He will go in. Now comes the climax. -The audience have lost all control over themselves. They hanc on the words of the speaker with cries and ejaculations and sobs. And the 'General,' with both hands uplifted high above his bead, goes on, ' The time is now. Now, now, now. The time is now for the salvation, for the baptism, for the purifying flame. Burn it out. ('Amen.') Everybwy who wants it; say Amen. (u An^en.V) Say it again. ('Amen.') All this is going to be. Every body who believes it say Amen. ('Amen.') Ana may the blessing- of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost be upon every man ? and woman here.' ; The 'General' finishes in the midst of a scene of hysterical excitement. . 