A STARTLING NEW VISIT- YEAR'S My turn for a story, eh? Why I couldn't invent a yarn to save my life ! But I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll give you the best account I can of something that happened to myself just exactly ninejears ago to-day. I heard a lady remark the other night that she was surprised at my wife for believing so much in Chinamen. Well, I don't know abont " believing" in them. Milly's a good little soul, with a good word for humanity in general; and, as for our yellow friends in particular, one of them did us a service, on the occasion I refer to, that we're not likely to forget, if we live to be a thousand ! A man's a man, I say —no matter what the colour of his skin is; and if our Chinaman was—and is—a miserable little rat to look at, why, all the more credit to him for what he did ! So, pass the whisky, and I'll give you the yarn. Suitable enough to New Year's Night it will be, too, for, as I've already said, it was on that day, nine years ago, that the thing happened. We'd only been about a year married at the time, and the young gentleman who may at the present moment be observed hanging breathlessly upon the words of his respected parents, had not yet appeared upon the scene. Milly bad been laid up with typhoid, and as she didn't seem to pick up her strength afterwards as she ought, I was advised to take her to the seaside. Not to one of the regular resorts, you know— which are only Sydoey-upon-Sea, after all —but to the quietest spot T could find. Well, chance threw in my way a spot that was quiet enough in all conscience; so much so, indeed, that when we first established ourselves there I thought we had rather overdone the thing, and that it was possible to get too far from the madding crowd. Milly, however, was delighted with the place, and declared that she could . live for ever in our " Castle by the Sea." Poor girl! she had afterwards enough reason to alter her mind upon the point. The castle, 86 she called it, was nothing more than a three-roomed weatherboard cottage, on one of the sand-hills that stretched for miles along as dreary a part of our seaboard as you could find from Cape Howe to Danger Point. Hie building belonged to Mackenzie, of Benibpnga, the boundary-line of the station coming a this point right d<?wn to the coast j an<J q I had some acquaintance with Mr. Mackenzie I mentioned to him one day that happened to meet him in Sydney what •was in search of. He immediately suggested that I should take up roy quarters he insisted they should be—in this sequestered spot. "If it's quiet you're in search of," he said, " you'll find it there, and no mistake. Not a house nearer than Yallabah—three miles and half away; aid, as that's rather too far to carry things, I'll send one of my hands orer to you, once a week, with a trap to bring you out whatever you want. There's a little creek of capital water runing into the sea about 200 yards from the cottage, and, as your wife is an invalid, I'll lend you an old Chinaman I've got at Berribonga. He's an u»ly little sinner but he can cook and waah like an angel; and you can't put him to sleep in the leanto at the back. I'll send you over tirewood, too, as much as you want it. No —no thanks. The place may just as well be occupied. I'ts no good to me anyhow, and what it was ever stuck down in such a spot at all for is more than I can make out!" The offer was too good to be refused, and so another week found us installed in our solitary abode. The promised Chinaman was there when we arrived, an "ugly little sinner" be certainly was, scarcely 5ft. high, and well advanced into the ghrivelled-up monkeyfied of condition of countenance, between which and the lemonpudding aspects of Chinese youthfulness there appears to be no intermediate stage. John—of course he was John—was not only a capital cook, but also as neat, cheerful, and obliging all-round servitor as could be desired; and, as Mr. Mackenzie was as good as his word is the other matters also, we found ourselves as comfortable as need be. The house, as I have SBid, stood on the top of a sandhill, partly overgrown with a kind of coarse sea- grass, which was also scattered in patches along the flats below. In front was the majestic Pacific, with the occasional smoke cf a steamer cresting its dark blue wall, and, on the other Bide, across a successional of glistening white hummocks, we could just catch a faint, gray-green glimpse of the inland timber. The season was drawing towards the midsummer, and it ought to have been blazing hot on those long sandy flats; but, as the wind was nearly always from the east, coming cool across the ocean, there were very few days we conldn't manage to get about —Milly with sketching materials or a book, and myself with a gun. Then at night, when the lamp was lighted, and the door shut upon the desolation without, we felt as happy as we had ever done in our lives— so happy, my wife said, that she sometimes felt as if something dreadful was going to " shake the pillars of domestic peace." At this, of course, I laughed; but as the sequel showed, this particular presentiment was one of those which, happening by chance to be verified, serve to make unthinking people ignore the vaBtly greater number which aro never fulfilled at all. It was about the end of November when we arrived, and the fine weBther lasted right through to Christmas Eve, when there was a shift of wind to the northeast and for three days it blew great guns. There are no rock6 at that part of the coast; in fact, it's a huge break in the cliff formation of the New South Wales sea-line; bat even on the flat sands the noise of the surf was awful, and we weren't sorry when, about the fourth day of the gale, it became possible to make ourselves heard without gelling into each other's ears. That was, I think, about the 27th or 28th; at anyrate, by the last day of the year the' sea had completely sobered down, and the wind was blowing gently from the e&Bt; again. New Year's Day rose very calm and fair, with a thin veil of clouds over the son and a soft, rosy haze about the sealine. A glorious morning, I thought, for a dip, and accordingly down I went at about o'clock; and I 6pent 20 minutes knocking about in the water, after which I was "towelling" myself in a leisuiely sort of Way when, happening to glance up at the cottage, I saw two men walking slowly towards it up the northern slope of the sandbill. The distance was about 300 yards, but the air was clear and my sight good; vo that I could see plainly enough that lhe.-e unexpected visitors had a very unprepossessing appearance. On went my shirt and trousers in a : twinkling, and' I started to ran for the house, just as the strangers disappeared within it. I was there in about a minute, and found my wife, Vho had just risen, confronting, with un- disguised teiror in her face, the two men who, I could see at a glance, were foreign, era—southern Europeans of some kind, I said to myself. They drew back a little when I made my 6udden appearance, and, while one of them was apparently trying to 6crape together enough English to address me; scanned them rapidly from top to toe, Both were rigged out in the coarse, lightblue stuff so much affected by the seamen on the northern coast of France. Shoes they had none, and only one had a head covering—an old red cap—which he now held in hand. This was a man of middle age and middle height, but apparently as strong as a bullock. His round bullethead was set close down on a tremendous pair of shouldet*, and his little beady black eyes twinkled out of an ugly but good-humoured sort of countenance—not improved, however, by a shoe-brush-looking beard, of about a month's growth and as black as ink. His blouse lay open a little in front, showing a hairy strip of gorilla-like chest, and the immense sunburnt paw lhat did not hold the cap hung down in that peculiar, half-grasping position which you may have noticed in men who have long followed the sea. Sailorfashion, too, he had rings in his ears, and altogether he was a much more favorable specimen than the other fellow—a talla^ slighter, and younger man. Him T reckoned up the moment I looked at him. I have, as you know, been a good deal in France, and I had no sooner noticed the flat; skull and the projecting ears, the shifty, close- set eyes, and the long twisted nose^ than I said to myself, I have 6een youi 6ort before, my friend—in the galleys and out of them I Becidiviste, to a certainty ! Just the sort of sentimental French scoundrel who would murder his own mother for the sake of a 10-franc piece, and then write snivelling verses to her memory on the wa'ls of his cell. New Caledonia, ur I'm vastly mistaken !" All this most have passed through my mind like a flash, for I don't suppose 10 seconds could have elapsed before the elder man " Ve vant someting eat," he said ; " ve airre ver mosu ongree I" " Certainly," I answered in French. " But, in the first place, where do you come from ? I must know that, to begin with." " Monsieur speaks French, then ?" was the surprised answer. " I'm glad of that. Alas, sir, we are two unfortunate sailors! Shipwrecked, sir; shipwrecked on this coast fonr days agoI" " Shipwrecked !" I returned. " I've not heard of any wreck hereabouts. You, I can see, have been a sailor at some time, but your companion is certainly no seafaring man. However, it you are hungry, you must be fed, even if, a6 I am strongly inclined to think, the name of your last ship was La Nouvelle Caledonie 1" It was an injudicions speech. The se' cond man inBtantly stepped to the front, with a vile French execration. " Vow le savez! you know it, then," he said. "It's money we want and not food! So let us have it without any fuss, or we'll cut your throat for you!" And here the fellow's expression was worthy of a demon. Well, thankful as I felt that my poor wife knew nothing of French, I was 60 savage at this atrocious threat that, like many another angry man, I did a foolish thing. Instead of betaking myself to the gun, which stood in the corner behind me, I made an instantaneous dash at the miscreant, but, before I could reaoh him, the elder pinned me in a grasp such as I never felt before or since, and shouted at the same time. " Le fusil, Alphonse 1—le fusil vite ! The gun, quick! There—in the corner!" I suppose I'm as strong as most men, but I was as helpless as a baby in that fellow's grip, and I only just managed to wriggle round far enough to see Alphonse open the breech of my gun. There was a cartridge in one barrel, I remembered, and as I knew well what Frenchmen of the Alphonse type are, I was expecting nothing better than to have my brains blown out, with the muzzle at my ear, when—smash came something on my captor's head, end down he went, dragging me with him. By Jove, sir ! it was a case of T>euz ex machind if ever there was one—the dew being no other than John Chinaman. My wife had slipped out to the back unobserved, and no sooner had she given Johnny an inkling of the situation than he snatched up the first thing that came to hand—a substantial billet of firewood— and rushed into the fray, as I have told you, in the nick of time. He paid dearly for it, though, poor chap, for, almost n the very act of striking, he, received the best part of the charge of No. 5 Uirough his right arm and shoulder and dropped like a stone, his head striking mine bard enough, I suppose, to stun me for a lew seconds: for when I sat up and looked about me, in a dazed kind of way, I found that both the Frenchmen had disappeared. Jtfy wife was lying just inside the dooronly in a faint, however, I was glad to find. And, as poor Johnny would soon have bled to death, I was obliged to leave her to herself while I endeavoured to stanch fhe flow. This I haJ just managed to do, when I heard the sound of wheels. Mr. Mackenzie and two of his daughters had come to pay us a flying visit, and a pretty mess they found us in. It was, very likely, their epproach that had scared away the convicts, for " recidivistes" they were, sure enough, as we afterwards found out. Mackenzie would have been off in pursuit if it hadn't been necessary to get the Chinaman to a doctor without loss of time. So we fixed him up as well as we could, and the squatter started with him in the trap for Tallabah. The Misses Mackenzie remained with my wife, and very providential their presence waB, as it turned out, since our young friend here—who is consequently exactly nine years old to-day —put in an appearance the same evening, two months or so before he had any business to show his face, Mr. Mackenzie having first made a second trip to bring over the doctor. Well, not to make too long a story of it, it was touch- and-go with poor Johnny for over a month ; but the hospital doctors managed to patch him up at last. His right arm, I'm told, is a beautiful bit of surgery; if so, like many other works of art, it's of very.Iittle use to the owner! Is he with us still? Yes, he is; and shouldn't like to be the man who should propose to my wife to part with him ! And, now, as to the Frenchmen ! Of course you'll want to know whether they were caught. Well, strange as it may seem, they were not. There had been 6ix of them altogether when they escaped from Noumea, but one died at sea, and the boat, with the remaining five, had been blown far to the southward by the gale at Christmas ; otherwise they would have made the Queensland coast somewhere about Port Curtis or Hervey Bay; and, in fact, when they did land, three of them headed north, and fell eventually into the bands of the Queensland police. The other two took a southerly direction, and hence our New Year's visit. What became of them nobody knows. They might have been ghosts for all the trace they left—and, indeed, (hey are ghosts, after a fashion, to my wife, for in her dreams she often sees them 6till. 