the easter encamp ments. (Fiiom Ocn Special Bbporteus.) AT C A M P B E L L T O W IT. Headquarters' Camp, Campbolltown, Wed nesday.— Last night was very damp in camp. Pools of water lay about tho main parade ground, and tho roads became quite slushy. Thoao persons who had occasion to walk from ono part of tho encampment to another slipped and slided over the muddy surface, and aa the night was very dark there wassouo very funny manasurering, more especially on the part of late gentlemen who had been dining out and Binging "Rule Britannia," aud reciting Murphy's Fanian Cat" — "D'ye mind me 1" De3pito tho dampnoss the troops were comfort able enough, and sounds of jollity weto heard from privates' quarters as woli as from oliicers' messea. The rain ceased during the night, and this morning broke comparatively line. It should bo mcutioned that his Excellency followed Lady Jersey's example yesterday afternoon nnd visited the main field hospital. Ho was uccowpauied by Mr. D. O'Connor, Post- master-General. Both gentlemen were much interested iu what they saw, and their com ments wero very favorable. Lord Jersey m«>nLtntimi tlvif Liu infArPur ivaa l.hn ("Matcf from the circumstance that the' necessity for complete field hospital arrangements had been brought home to him by tho experiences of a near relative on service in India, who had met with a scvcro accident and could not get relief for some time owiug to lack of medical equip ment iu hia particular locality. Two cadet officers took a civilian to the main field hospital last night. He gave hia name ae George Smith, ami it was understood that he had been takiug some part iu the race meeting. His horse had tripped over a barbed wire, aud had fallen heaviiy with liim, tho result being that he had hiu urm broken aud sustaiuci other injuries. Tho Mounted Infpntry had an w at homo " last night, which was largely attended by officers from dill'erent regiments. Tho Mounted Infantry have a reputation for "doing tho thing properly." whether on service in the field or socially in tbeir quarters, and they were up to tho standard last evening. Songs, recita tions, humorous stories and refreshments pro vided tho material for a pleasant evening, and tho M.I. may rest assured than their ctlorts to cntortain their guests wero thoroughly success ful. Captain Tompsitt, who added to the fame of tho M.I. at tuo close ot last camp by en trancing tho lato Commander-in-Chief with hi3 rendering of the famous ditty "Tim Flaherty," Lord Carriugton providing the accoiup&ulment;, presided over the entertainment. Major Las- sctter exercised general supervision over the luancouvrcs. At 0.-15 this morning tho troops wero exor cised in attack formation, and the drill waa of a very serviceable character. Again, improve ment has to be recorded. After breakfast the 2nd Rcgiuicut went out for field- firing, the artillery took the road for work in their own particular line, and the cavalry went out for a morning's exercising by themselves. The other troops, includiug the Mounted Infantry, assem bled on the maiu parado ground for divisional parade. The infantry were exercised iu a variety of iieiu movements. The regiments deployed into line, advanced in lino, moved in ccuelon (one of the prettiest of military move ments), changed front and formed square and prepared to receive cavalry. The -Mounted Infantry worked as cavalry in this connection, ancl were drilled in a number of serviceable) movements. Tho work generally was well performed and those in command were pleased with it, particularly with Lbu echelon move ment. To-morrow the forces will be divided into two armies. All the troops with the exception of the 3rd Regiment will be engaged. The 3rd will go out field firing. The two armies wiil go out with scaled orders, one probably some time before the other, and tho object will bo to bring about an encounter. No. 1 army may have instructions to endeavor to secure a passago to tho encampment, while thy other may bo informed that an euouiy ha landed somewhere 011 tho coast and is advancing to secure the important military position of Camp- bclltowu aud that their duty is to intercept and overthrow the loo. That, I believe, ia to bo something like the programme. The night attack may no w bo expected at any time, aud it may not bo so very lato at nq;ht cither. A regiment which will by one field- firing for tho day will very likely warm up the camp upou its return. It is just possible that the return may be delayed until a fairly late hour in order to ensure a good time. Umpires in lights, as 111 baaobail (not to men tion football) mutches, are not loved, yut it is perhaps advia.iblo to luive them. The Mounted Infantry and Cavalry claim to havo taken the camp yesterday and to have laid out all tho defenders, whereas it is claimed for the other side that only tho ghosts of the .Mounted Infantry and the (Javiury reached tho trenches, for the Cadet Artillery had knocked all the troopers into littlo bits with highly deatructivo case shot before they got near the earthworks. However, this is uot the first battle which both 3id<'3 have claimed to have woo. This afternoon there was brigade drill in attack formation under brigadiers for the in fantry regiments, aud also attack formation for the mounted infantry (dismounted). The lit., 3rd and 4th Roiriuieute wero engaged in tho brigade drill, and tho men acquitted themselves evcu more creditably than on previous oc casion'?. It was observublo that attention had been paid to some of the details in which im provement was necessary, notably iu regain to firing, and the forca benefitted as a whole m consequence. Faults in detail oftcu spoil what is all-round good work, such for instance a the faultv dressing of thu nou-commissioued officer alluded to yesterday; and it is, therefore, very : necessary that they should be rectified aa soon ' aa discovered if the force as a whole U to occupy the position which it should occupy iu public estimation. The mounted infantry used blank cartridge iu a skirmishing attack up Mount Ziou, aud concluded with a charge up the treuchou The cngiueera were engaged to-day iu trenching and other work of » defensive character. During the afternoon they exploded a mine. This, with the skirmishing lire of the Mounted infantry, wa3 the only little excitement of the day, wnieb, generally speaking, was slow. It was an " ofi" day in all respects, and there was but a limited altundancc of the public. There are complaints in camp as to a system of redtapeUni, which requires what is consi dered a ridiculous number of rcquivitionn all drawn in the most exact manner. A quarter- master of one regiment sent in a requisition tho other clay for something of no paiticnlur impor tance, and it waa relumed to him with the inti mation that it was iuformal, because a trans verse line had not been drawn iu the samo manuer as is done in balance-ahects iu order to indicate that only tho one liue on the paper bud been written by the sender. It is nearly a mile from tho camp of the quartermaster re ferred to to tho store, and the messenger had' to traverse the ground tlireo time.! to execute the commission. This is one of numerous instances. Tho sergeants' mess also hare a complaint in reference to a regulation isnu d some days ago, which demands that tho messes shall remain closed while tho regiments are 011 parade. This means that the sergeants shall do without re- Ircshmonts for that time. The regiments in turn go out field-firing for a wholo day, and the sergeants' mess 13 also closed for that period against those non-commissioned onicers remaining in camp, aud there aro necessarily always several. There are canteens for tbo privates, but tho sergeants are not sup posed to frequent them. Thus it follows that Private Thomas Atkins may treat himself and his friends whenever he thinks proper, while his superior oliicers, " non- commissioned," and their friends who may bo vmuitig the camp havo to do without refreshments, no matter how much they may desire them. This scarcely seems equitable on the face of it, and tbo ser geants are certainly much opposed to tho arrangement. The 3rd Regiment will put in to-morrow at field firing, and consequently will be debarred from taking part in tho great fight which is anticipated. 