' Caxftlry TtawBttrteut. A •sees day's sport *BI provided at Bosehill Xaoeccune on Saturday last in connection with ' the Cavalry Tournament.The HtiendaDce »M Ursa, despite the fact that threatening wither prevailed in the eBrly • morning. Of course almost the whole of these present were people •belonging to Parram&tta; and diBtrict. Among the other folk noticed on the lawn were representatives of overy branch of'the naval and military forces, together with a few'officere from the Japanese man-of-war Hi-yei, now in Sort Jackson.' 1 The contents proved interesting and were fairly weH managed. A little contagion appeared to arise at timpR in the judj- •inv; and now and again the 'public tiad iv pat •up with a long wait between the events, owing to the fact that preparation^ for (hB-later ones Ihad not been pnAed on whilst the -earlier ones were in progress. Ther.- seemed—to n tay mind, at any rate—too moh " wet-nursiog" of competitors, who, in 1 our opinion, should have' been scratched ont of any contest in which they did not mats their «ppearanoe at tbe proper time. A little experience «nay -teach' the men Aarged with the ihity of ronning these otherwise very interesting meetings a few 'wrinkles, In flneb and other diredtiooe. Taken on the whole, faowever,"there was very Ettle to grumble at, especially in connection with what may be styled tbe general character of the Tournament. Lots of fun was paused in the Midnight M«oh and Mm Sailors' fixce. In tbe former the troopers wfeob»ddive«ted -themselves • of their oaterganjientnhiid.onbearragrtheiaann, to aaddle-ap, nnd dssh for a point sometiundreds of yards aw»y, where a number ol mysterious packages were lying, strewn on 'the ground. Aa each horseman aacived on the scene he had to undo a package and get irntide whatever vestments he happened to find "provided to bis band. Tbe result was very •oomicaU— and the details of the " march" not having been published beforehand, the whole thing came as a ' surprise. Back the troopers rode, -eigne in footballera" gereies; a number in gowns' and ekirta, which bad been built in limeB now long gone, and whidh were, of course,'nonetoo dainty ; «ome in more mysterious attire, with masks and false beards, pot-hats md -very ghoste -of .-. umbrellssand parachutes. Back came the Light Brigade—amridrtbneks of amusement and esr- ; prise from tbe beholders—a mostvotley crew. Xo the Urndk Ton' 9 raoe, tbe bowse were barebacked. Cheeailowetuoktotheiraeats well, bowever ; and there -were only a coujfle of busters, —when the post was pas-ed and palling-up . processes were in hand. 5The tCent-pegpog, Wrestline, Sword®xercises; Eilaolava Melee, Turk's Head, Hurdle and Flat 'Kaces, Jnuping, Etfisoae, and -Alarm and Bosh excited perhaps the most .interest. Tbe Sword Exercise contort w«B won 'by the Maitlanti <nen, on tbeir merits. A- goad tnany (prizes in tfce meunted events > fell to tbe iPnsKMD&tta; (Kj Had lEunter Kwer (D) troops of cavalrf. A troop (Sydney) failed ' to show up well at all. Tbe Cadet Cavalry, whioh included a small detachment from Picton, in charge of <Oeptean Pearce,>did -very well indeed, BS ddd-the'Cadet Artillery ic the gundis- . mounting-competition. Included in the detachment of the Guntsr diver troops on tbe ground • waatbe apiendidin.o£oted band ofthe regiment, which played throughout the day. A speoial prize of £J'0 )>0s was awarded to'the members. When this band got tired the bagpipes of the Scottish BiBes disoscised national.music. The Scottish Rifles • oarried off the i prizes in two infantry competitions. The judges for the day -were :—Cavafoy events, etc., 'Gaptain M'Neill, tfth Hussars (Adjutant), 'Lieutenant Purvis (Regimental i -Quarter-master) and W. O. Thompson (6teffi).; artillery, Magoc Aiiej, D.S.O..; iofcntary, W.. • ' O. Murphy and -Btall-sergeant ilngall; naval, Mr. 8. G. Adams, ^B.T.) H.M.6. Cnracot. ' -The officers «f4he 'Bsrramalta Trogp and Mr, • i©. B. Rowley-alsoassisted. The I'arrwiietta sad Maitland <men, as we i bave remarked,-did very well. Trooper Thome ihad bad 'ludk <io 'the Tilting ; ..and Trooper -ujMaher, who -moot thtough .digrretrf, rounds \- well in clearing4be Jerk's head,•filled in the .last point—anything -but tbe hardest part of jhit work. tlsaqpsr Gillies (D T:oop\ 4>ad, we .consider, veryibuj'd last also in ibe .Tilting, as ,he took one ring«ud then found there «was not , another suspended. tEe should thave ihad the .credit of lha£ >round,—«oot had itoigo over it again. Kergewnt Westoc'e win imtheCbmping t \vWca a popular .one. Home of the etiler competitors d'd tot iLandleabeir horses.properly. • Corporal MusCcDn lead nstrly all tfcejway in the i/g race (for tiae(&balleii;£e Cup—>f«rlK Troop .men}, but Trouper Salter went near toibmting 'him on the poit. A little more -hard .tiding lpast the stand, .on the Crooper'sipart,•might ihave meant a <lt£eient<reBult The .prowess vwhiob Trooper Oakes (K'ETroop) sbowed'in tbe "TTent Fogging «on thirn hearty eheers. He •did his work each itime -without a 'blunder. 'W'oung.Balman, u venyitiny cadet, won lots of ifrifinds, by reason offthe oseriitable manner in •which, he acquitted Himself in varioue.eveo'.a. (Theie vjore no eerums .sweidents dnring the ^3ay; those, who came .dovro in tbe imonnted .events escaping with jestji^bt shakings. The following is a detail statement .of rthe result of tbe day's contests::— BUST CATAUC: TUBNODE.—jTirst fupt,, At; secord, j£ti. SoiK^LJit BaffM^'Jff, ATroop ttoqpqr Xing, 4 Troop 1 U BBST INFANTIC: TIIKNOUK.—First priz^, ifiS.; second £L. Private WorT^l.'S Company, BstJEegiment ... i' 1 jPrivat^Tersoke, ^Compuiy, tstBegiment .... BEST CAVALRY CADET 'I DR»our.—First pciz^, ^ £1; nncond, lOn; (bird. He. ' ( fiereeaut-irajoR Wapjh, ParnuMattB. Troop Trooper Larob, l ariymattL Troop . 1 & Trooper Fiexnvm, Bcxramatta T^ocp .1 Tbis event,.colled for some easeCnl judging. . CusMrntc Tqbk's i Hzuo.—First prize, £3.;; fe.-ond,»£2; third, £1. Trooper J^sKJier. >Volni«r, D DTjsop Trcjjp ... il 3 Troopnr Ojprody, K Treop ... ... 3 Maber.and'Yolmer J»n each other very clossj for first.place, and, ultimately scored 21 and 28" points respscUyely^ 4^olmer lost the first prize, through making a. " wrong-eut." TBE AcABH, 4naK InrAfCTEv.—First prize, £2; seoond, £1. Private KeQex&ottj;, 35 Company, 1st Begteent 1 Bugler CawooJ,iEComji«ij, let Eegiment,. ... 2 Swobd v. Sjvohd, CAViiBV Cadbo.—First pnesi, £1 10a: second, 16s. Trooper DoekeriPo<ber,B«xr»*iatt*. Troop Trooper Bttlnai),;garn>tnntfa!froop .... V JIBN'B ECESVE JEACX, OPIK TO ALL KO-UNTED . FORCES.—JTir&t; price, £t; second, £2. Trooper Barclay, ATropp .. I Trooper Voliner, DjTrcop :.. 2 Trooper Allnopp, K Trppp .... 3 The horse ridden by Trapper O'SaUivan {A. Troop) fell at the last hurdie ; but the eider experienced only a sticking. I-CAVALBT CABBTS' BCBOLB RAM.—First prize, £2.; second, 10a. f&ooper; B. Harrisoq, J^rneaatta ,Ta»p l rftergeantEecvcs, Picton Tk-tino at tub Biss.—First prize, ££.; second, £3.; third, SI. •fTrooper Gollan, D Troop E TrooperO'Ontay.'KTroop ... S 'Trpcper Thorne, K Troop 3 Cutlass Exebcisr.—First prize, £5. i^FP MB.^imiyn underjCjfU-inatrnOijrBavey 1 <5avaxkt 8w«H) Ei«EClSKe.—First price, £12 , V. Ttoojj (Stall^iergoantBflrry) points 1 K. Troop (Staff-sergeant Itorria) Jj points 2 ATeo^iCatafi«orgeiiitCla«^ SjioinU k. ; j S pnze< £9; second, £3 8crgeinti}!</"r CkUenuui'a tetm. , ... 1 BomhaniSr Wilson'steiuu.Jff.S.W.A. .... 2 Field Guji SiEXODNHKa (Cabbts).—First \- • prize, 48 10s; ' Teat detacIm»<rotJTo. 2 Cadet ArtUleiy • I Challenge <Ju;p.—Cop valne £20, presented by H. Taylor, M.L.A.; second pipi«, value £2 10s; 6 fnrlongs. Corporal Huston. K teoop ... 1 Trooper Salter, K trow - Sergeant-major HouisOs, E troop SI This race was won by Corporal Mnston, with only a ehort heat to spare. .' TttTOfO AT THE Sofa, Cavalev GAOETS,wFirSt prize, £1; second, 10«. Trooper Bayes, Pieto» troop 1 Tpo^erJ>«ier,Parrajnato troop „. I Tare PEoanre.—First prise, £S; second prize, £2. Trooper Oafces, £ troop Trooper, Barclay. A troop » 3 Trooper TkteiK, K troop Trooper Oakes got through his tasks in most creditable style, never blundering once. Jcmtino Competition ; mounted forces of any branch.—Trophy value, £S. Trooper Weston, K troop * Weston won easily, his horse never making' a mistake 6urgetufl>-major Werotlinq ok Waugh, Horseback, Parramattn Cavalry troop Cadets. 2 1 Trooper Holt, ParramatU troop ' Bahbraokbd fii.es, for man-of-war Bailors, on troop horses.—First prize, £2; second £1. Petty-officer Mshoney, SLH.6. Cnrasoa * A.B. Edwards, H.1I.6. Corasoa » Tbis event caused lots of fun; and proved one of tbe best " dtaws" of tbe day. THE RESCUE.—First prize, £B; second prixo, £2. Troopers Gollan and Leggett, D troop | Twopen McM*lio:i and Coyle, A troop 2 S«poed v. 6word, mounted.—First prise; £8 ; second, XI. Oorporal M'Phee, D troop ~ J •teooper Thompson, K iroop BiYoKST Eevisw Kxbhoibb.—First prise, £10: seoond prize, £4 ; open to all mounted infantry and infantry corps in tbe colony squads of 16 men. 4th Regiment Scottish .Bifles 3 E Company, let Eegiment -"2 Manual and Fikwg Excvcises' and Pii/itio ASMS—Open to mounted infantry and infantry forces—First prize, £8; second prize, £2. Sth Eegiment Soottiai Rifles 1 £ Company, 1st Regiment Balaclava Mbi.leb, teams or 10 men.—First prize, £6. Team K Troop (rasramatta) defeated A Troop *nd D Troop. Cavaiut Cadets Flat Bace—Half a mile. Trooper B. Harrison, ParTamatta Troop 1 a Trooper Lamb, Ehtnimatta Troop Alabm and Ev6K fokCavaley.—First j>rize, £4; secoDd prize, £1. Trooper Bamsden, D ffroop - J Trooper J. llther, D Troup ... WsabTLIKO ON Boesebacb. Drooper (SiUiea ani Mitchell, D Troop. Winded. Trooper O'Orady, K troop, had a desperate set-to with Trooper Gillies. Xoo-or-WAB.—First price, £5, and lib. of tobacco each. Zaun H.1LS. Orlando ... 1 Oniacoa 3 Midkiobt Mahch. Zssoiier GolUn,iD Troop I iEaooper Biiscliiy,-A ITroop 3 The events,lemon-cutting,and jumping with .drawn swords and cleaving the Turfs head, were not entered into. The prises, were presented at tbd Victoria SJheatre, Farramatla, on Stliuday evening -by Mr. Hugh Taylur, M.P. Addresses neremade •by the chairman, Captain Cracknel), Captain Bmrne, Lieut. "Butaiao, Lieut. Uaiwell and Sergeant- Major £rana. As there was some asesapprenaion as to the conditions in the best injantry turnout,.is wbich the Scottish Bifies were disqualified, it was decided to give them;* (prise equal to >ha£f of tbe first prire-money. Protests weee .recekcd against Trooper Eartiscm in the Cavalry Cadet Hurdle and iFlat ltaces, it being-alleged that bis horse was not a troop horse. 