Oiuv Tuesday's Tale. SABA'S SHAWL. t ONASPBAY was very stingy; fie hid ► his sweetmeats from his little bro ' ' there when be was a child, and 1 " smoked his cigars alone when he was a yoong man. - ! By the time he was forty, Jonas Pray waB a very rich man,' though he lived as plainly as ever, and Somehow about that age the first tender feelings he had ever known crept into his heart. He fell in love with a buxom, good- tempered young woman named Sarah Woolwich, and of fered himself to her. fie was not an ill-looking man, and when he chose could make himself agreeable. Sara liked him and accepted him. JonaB meant to be liberal to her at first, but after a brief honeymoon of happiness his old habits resumed their sway, and at last, the second winter of their inarrjed life coming on, Sara found that all her remarks about her shabby summer hat had no effect whate^t^ and that she might wait a long while without having such a thing as a comfortable cloak con gested to her. She had been a poor girl, and had no trousseau to speak of, and sbe found it necessary to put her pride in her pocket and to ask for what she needed. It is hard enough for a wife to do that, but to be refused was something she had not calculated on. She knew her husband bad a large banking account—and there was no rea son she should - hot dress as well as any lady in the land. But when she had said, playfully, 'Jonas, shall I buy my self some winter things to-day? I need a shawl, dreadfully/ he had answered, *T thought you were too sensible a woman to run after the fashions, Sara. I'm sure you' have very decent things that you might wear a long while yet/ 'That shows how much men know,' Sara answered, determined to be pleasant and not to show that she was hurt. ' Yon would not like your wife to look shabby, Jonas?' * Well, no,' said Jonas ; * no ; but really Sara, money is so scarce just now. Don't you think you might make what you have do a little longer?* 'How much longer?' she asked him quietly. 'Oh, I don't know,' said Jonas. 'I had ,pn aunt who left me something when she died, who wore the same shawl and bonnet sixteen yean, and' boasted of it too ?' His wife looked at him and said no thing. ' Economy is a great thing, Sara,' said Jonas, uneasily. 'It would be dreadful to die in the workhouse,, you know ; and you don't care for other people's admira tion, do you, Sara, when yon know yaur Jonas likes you as well in your well saved clothes ? We won't call them * shabby/ Sara, only well-saved.' 'Call them what yon please, Jonas,' -said Sarar—■Theynrem^BttrepithetB. * She sat quietly with her hands folded on the table before her for awhile. Her temper was rising fast, but she had sense enough to crush it down. A miser is the victim of 9 vice that masters him —j ust as a drunkard is. JonaB was ashamed of hiniBelf even as he spoke, and she knew it. As sbe looked at him a little while grief came instead of anger. There was so much that was good about Jonas. It was terrible to Bee this'canker creeping over it all; to see the pinched lines about his mouth, the strange, an xious look in his eyes. Poor Sara remembered stories she had read of misers; bow they starved them selves while they counted their gold; how some of them died in the dark to save candles, and how, through a long illness, one of the wealthiest of these meu refused to have a pillow bought for him, or even a little saucepan in which to heat his porridge. Would Jonas grow to be as bad as these ? how' could she tell. Once*or twice of late he had found fault with the amount of butter used, and moaned over his butcher's bill. But meta generally did something of that sort, she had heard ; and men know nothing about dress. Sbe arose Boftly and went out of the room, and brought back her bonnet and shawl and put them on the table be fore him. ' Jonas, dear,' she said, ' I don't want you to think me unreasonable; look at these; see how shabby they are. They were bought when we were married, but they were cheap, very cheap—cheap things fade so. I have made everything I had do for two years. Z did not like .to ask. I have not spent one penny of your money for clothes. You know you gave me two pairs of gloves during our honeymoon—I have them still. * What a good, careful girl,' said Jonas, caressing her dark hair, as she came and sat on a low stool beside him. 'Yes, I have been careful. It is my nature to be careful,' said Sarah. 4 Few rich men's wives would have done so much. How look at these things, my dear.' Jonas looked. There came a time afterwards when it seemed to him that the faded tint of that shawl, its dingy palm leaves of yellow brown, and the wilted flowers and shabby ribbon of the bonnet had been seared into his brain. He looked at them long and lingeringly. He knew his wife was reasonable, and that the things were, and long had been unfit for her to wear. But his money tugged at his heart-strings. 'Suppose you wear them one winter more, Sara/ he said. 'Just one.' ! 'The shawl is very thin,' she said. 41 shall catch cold again as I did last winter.' ^ ' Poor girl,' he said softly, and looked towards the desk where his cheque- book lay. But the grip of the fiend that rules a miser's soul nipped him sorely as he did so. The momentary impulse vanished. Be sides, .a thought occurred to him. 'They wear cloth jackets a good deal, Sara, don't they V he said. 'Oh! they ate veiy fashionable,' re-; plied Mb'wife. • ! ' Then couldn't yon make one of that old billiard-cloth that is in the trunk loom? ha said. * h$y ppor it at auction ; but it's a aery pretty jgreen, don't you think, Sara, and auch a nice matenidif1:-*) ^ KircTf There is a limit to woman's patience; this suggestion measured Sara's. She started to .her feet, and gathering up her bonnet and sMiwl, walked out of the. room. After she haa gone, Jouas really, looked at his chequebook,, and for at least two minutes contemplated drawing i a large cheque and telling bis wife he had' been teasing her. But he could not bring . j himself to do it. After awhile his wife looked into the room with her old bonnet on, and her | shawl abont her ehoulders, and elftd: 'Jonas, I'm going to spend the day with my sister-in-law, but I shall be borne before dinner-time.' < ' I hope you'll enjoy yourself, my dear,' said Jonas. He saw her eyes were .heavy ■ with weeping, and he looked away ashamed of himself. Then he betook himself to his office, where he ground out his money, and dur ing the day compromised with himself. He would do no extravagant thing, but; when be went home be would give his wife what was necessary. And,: after :iall,! as be said to himself, it would have been J better to have dope it. He had grieved ; her; and she was the only thing he loved | on earth. j He went home earlier than usual that evening to make what amends his. squl1 would ,consent to, and- as fee walked briskly along, being light upon his feet yet—for, w%> ever heard of a miser grow ing fat 1—he thought that he never again would bring teara to those good,' kind eyes. Never, never again, never again, and then—what was that crowd! What had happened;? People were coming: his way, looking backward as they came., Men, .boys, women—all the riff-raff that accident, or quarrel, or an arrest will cob lect in the streets; and now he was in the midst of the throng and close to four policemen, who, with set faces, marched in time, bearing between them a.stretcbef on which lay a human form.. It was co vered—covered with a shawl. Jonas looked. Oh, Heaven, he knew the pat tern of that shawl 1 Only a few hours before, its dingy palm leavesofyellow brown, its shabby brown centre had been spread before him. It was his wife's shawl. 'Stop—stop—stop!' he . cried. 'Let me see her—let me see her!' 'Doyon know her? asked the police man. 'Let me see her face,' said Jonas, growing so faint that a kindly map hard by supported hiin by the arm. ' You don't know her face ; a'telegraph pole fell on her; it's crushed out of all shape;' said the policeman. ' But shawls are alike. Keep up your courage, v I donttfaisk -nlre-ia -»«j -jcalati MtsLjiBlW.» she's too shabby. Look at her shoes. See here, this is her bonnet. Yon don't know that? He held up a bonnet. " It was crashed and soaked with blood; but Jonas knew it. The streaked purple ribbon, and a flower amongst the other flowers that had lost half its petals. He had Angered it as it lay on the table beside him'.,; ' Yes, I know it 1' he cried. * It's Sara! It's my wife's !' Then be pulled away the shawl from the crushed face, and fainted outright. But as his senses left bim he heard some one say— * Bib wife! why I thought she -was a beggar V And another answered— 'Likeenough; they call bim a miser. I know him. His name iB Jonas Pray.' They carried the poor woman home to Jonas Pray'8 old house, helping him to follow as he came to himself. -She was laid upon her bed, and there was a coroner's inquest, and women prepared her body for burial, talking amongst themselves of the shame it was she, a rich mail's wife, should be so clad ; and then there was a pause, and he might be alone with her if he would. Before the time came he had a cab called, and went ont in it. He was driven to a large dry-goods establishment, where he asked to see the manager, and was shown to his office. The manager found him there, a pate, miserable object, trembling and faint as one in a deep illness. He was shabby, too. ' He has' come to beg,' thought the manager; and his 'What can I' do for you Y Was curt. - But Jonas cared nothing for anyone's manner now. He answeredaadly ' I wan't to buy a shawl.' ' A salesman will attend to you, sir,' said the manager. No,' said Jonas; I am .too ill, too broken to talk to the salesman. I can trust you. I want the costliest shawl you , have.' j * A madman !' thought the manager. . > ' Our costliest is £100,' said he, repress ing a smile. j ' Have it put up for me,' said Jonas. ' Certainly mad 1' said the gentleman to. himself.- ,'s But Jonas had drawn a cheque from bis j breast, and with trembling hand was fill- j ing up the blanks. ,'f - . The manager examined them care fully. • ..... . ! ' Mr. Jonas Pray,' he said, more . re spectfully. Then it flashed upon him that he had .read of a fatal accident to-this i man's wife that morning. It was a strange proceeding altogether. . Secretly he called ; others to look at his customer. One knew him—financially it was all right. * And the rest is none of cur business,' said the manager, as he saw the bundle of splendour carried down stairs after Jonas Pray. 'They spoke of him as a miser in the paper. That's a pretty purchase for a miser.* Meanwhile, Jonas drove home. No sweet face smiled a greeting. Within all was bushed. Carrying the shawl under his arm, he (rent upstairs to the darkened room, where, under straight folds of white drapery, seamed to lie the sorrow of the house. A watcher sat there, fie sent her away. Then, alone in room, he knelt down upon the 'floor beside the coffin.: •Sara,' be said. 'Sara can you hear mel I loved you, Sara ; but I was such a miser—such a miser! I've bought you a shawl at last Oh, Sara l fve paid as much as I could for it, my dear. You shall be wrapped in it in your coffin. I'll put it about you myself. Sara! Sara !' He spread out the costly folds; he j lifted it in his hands. A moment more he would have folded it about the dead j form in the coffin, but at that instant a j voice criecl x— " j 'Oh, Jonas! Jonas dear! Oh, my j poor Jonas ! My poor, poor Jonas T j And turning, he saw his wife, either in | the spirit Or in the flesh, standing behind him. He cried .put to heaven to help him ; but the figure came closer. It was no ghost but a living woman. She took him in ber arms. ' Ob, how ill yo.n , look,' she said. * Did you really love me so ? 'And it is all my fault. I went to my sister-in-law's, and there in a pet—oh 1 I was so angry, Jonas —I gave away my dress, my shawl, and my bonnet to a beggar woman—and vowed to sit in one of my sisters dressing-gowns until yoa gave me decent clothes to come home in. And the poor .woman who was | tipsy, too, my dear—was killed two hours afterwards, and I never knew that she 1 been taken from me uutU this morning. Oh, such a dirty creature, my dear, the papers described her 1 And for a little I was glad that , you had had a fright, but I'm sorry now I was.' For/an answer he picked up the costly shawl and wrapped it about her, and took her, folded in it, like a mummy to his heart again. 'The miser is dead,' he said. 'But Jonas Pray will show his wife how he can cherish ber.' ■ He did; and if ever afterwards Sara detected symptoms of a relapse, all she had to do was to wrap .herself in her won derful shawl. The Bight of, this inevitably re-called the moment when he learnt'how little after all is the value of money, and realised in agony of soul that ' should a man give all the substance of his house for love it would be utterly contemned.' He may indeed love hie money yet; but he knows that be loves Sara mora. 