THE UNITED COMMUNION SERVICE. TO TBS EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, W.L P. SIR, —A considerable amount of correspondence has been carried on in The Star in respect to the [?]hurch of England and Wesleyanism. I beli ve the corres pondence started with a reference to the half-yearly Communion service which wag to he held in the Lvdiard street Wesleyan Church, and asking the Church of England clergymen in Ballarat t© join in that service. One would think there was not much in that suggestion to cause a discussion, but it has. In my opinion, the discussion has gone in a direction that is not profitable. That the Church of England authorities consider the Wesleyans schismatics is well-known; but if they do so it is of no great consequence. Their opinions do not disturb the Wesleyans v*ry much, and only injure those who hold or give utterance to them. There was a time, that not long ego, when WesVv was denonneed tor the Church of md authorities as everything that was bad. Now they try to claim him as their v*ry own. Well, let them do to, th® Wesleyans have no objeetion. As one of these for over 50 years. I say we have a successful course up to the present without the help of the Church of England, nay. in spite of their mo*t determined opposition, and are prepared to do so. Our ministers, and even our local p r **nch rs. profess to having re ceived a call from the Great Head of the Church, the Lord Jesus himself. And havii g received that oil. they do not trouble themselves about “apostolical succession.” nor b c ing ordained by an “episcopal bishop.” The only oil we care for is the call from God. The main qualification is the baptism of the Hoi* Ghost. Having these, we shall '•ontinu® to do the work assigned to us. If the ChU'ch of England will not recognise us, we must put up with it. We never sought their autho rity, but a higher one. Our people are satisfied, suc cess has attended onr effort® and with these we are con tent. We have been blessed and strengthened by partaking the Lord’s Supper at the hands of our ministers and shall continue to do so. Our local preachers do not as rule administer the sacraments, but if necessity demanded it, I for one should at once comply. Vf> consider “Preaching the Word” ?h* highe-t position of all. Your coi respond* t “Aleph” lays great stress on Mr Wesley’s sermon of Schi«m. &c.; I for one shall not discus® that question. If your correspondent is right, what does it p-ore. Just this—That Wesley, like ofh®r great and good men, found it hard to get rid of his early prejudices. Peter was a bigoted Jew, and he was cal ed by God to preach the gospel to the Gentiles, and notwithstand ing he recognised the Divine call, and complied, and successfully too, and thousands of the latter were converted; yet in after years, when visiting Paul and his work, he rejoiced and assembled, and eren ate with these Gentiles. Yet. aPerward3, when other Jews crime. found Ms early pnjud'ces 100 and withdrew from his Gentil* brethren. Martin Luther, thp father of the refo miti v , was at one tinv a thorough Roman Catholic. FTe was cal>d to denounce the errors of the Roman church. TT e never intended establishing a separate churrh, hn*. his work led to it, and to the very end of his life he could not get over his earlr convictions, and never fully disbelieved in the doctrine of transnMtantution. WV sley might have not got ov»r all hi3 wrong teach ings, but he did a s forious work. We rec'gnise him under God o« the founder of Methodism, and we follow him os he followed Christ.- 