THE TREASURE OF FRANCHARD.O By Ruobert Louis Stevenson. CHAPTER II(Continned) the plants in his garden, the dis sosition of cloud, the color of the light, and last, though not least, the arsenal of meteorological in struments in a louvre boarded hutclfalen the lawn. Eter since he had settled at Gretz be had been growing more and more into the local meteorologist, the unpaid champion of the local climate. He thought at firt, there was no place so healthful in the arrondisse ment. By the end of the second year, he protested there was none so wholesome in the whole department. And for some time be fore he met Jean-Marie he had been prepared to challenge all France and the better part of Europe for a rival to his chosen spot. "Doctor," he would say-"doctor is a foul word It should not be used to ladie- It implies disease. I remnark it, uasu flaw in our civilization, that we have not theproper ho? ror of disease.. Now I. for my- part, have washed my hands of it; I have renounced my laureation; I am no doctor; I am only a worshiper of the true goddess Hygeia. Ah. believe me, it is she who has the cestusi And here, in this exiguous hamlet, has she placed her shrine; here she dwells and lavishes her gifts; here I walk with her in the early morning, and she shows me how strong she has made the peasants, how fruitful she has made the fields, how the trees grow up tall and comely under her eyes, and the fishes in the river become clean and agile in her pres ence. Rheumatism!" lie would cry, oil sonicme malapert interruption. "Oh, yes, I believe we do have a little rheunatisnm. That could hardly be avoided, you know, on a river. And of course the place stands a little low; and the meadows are marshy, there's no doubt. But, my dear sir, look at Bourronl LBourron stands high. Bourron is close to the forest; plenty of ozone there, yod would say. Well, compared with Gretz, Bourrou is a perfect shumnbles." The morning after he hail been sumnmoned t:, the dying mountebank the doctor visited the wharf at the tail of his garden and nhad a long look at the running water. This he called prayer; but whether his adorations were addressed to the goddess Hygeis or some more orthodox deity never plainly ap peared. For he had uttered doubtful oracles, sometitnes declaring that a river was the k-lp of bodily health, sometimes extolling it as tlg great moral preacher. continually preaching peace, continuity and diligence to imanis tormented spirits. After he had watched a mile or so of the clear water ruu ning by before his eyes, seen a fish or two come to the surface with a gleam of silver and sufficiently admired the long shadows of the trees falling half across the river front the opposite bank, with patches of moving sunlight in between, he strolled once more up the garden and through his house into the street, feeling cool and renovated. The sound of his feet upon the causeway began the business of the day; for the vil lage was still sound asleep. The church tower looked very airy in the sunlight; a few birds that turned about it seemed to swim in at atmosphere of more that usual rarity; and the doctor, walking in long, transparent shadows, filled his lungs amply, and pro claimed himself well contented with the morning. On one of the posts before Tentaillon's car riage entry he espied a little dark figure perched in a meditative attitude, and imme diately recognizedl Jean-Marie. "Ahal" he said, stopping before him hu morously, with a hand on either knee. "So we rise early in the morning, do wet It ap pears to me that we have all the vices of a philosopher." 'L'he boy got to his feet and made a grave i salutation. "And how is our patientt" asked Desprez. It appeared the patient was about the same.S "And why do you rise early in the morn ingf" he pursued. Jean-Marie, after a long silence, professed that he hardly knew. "You hardly knowi" repeated Desprez. "W1e hardly know anything, my man, until weo try to learn. Interrogate your conscious ness. Come, push me this inquiry home. Do you like itt" "'es," said theboyslowly; "yes, I like it." "And why do you like itF' continued the doctor. "(We are now pursuing the Socratic method.) Why do you like it" "It is quiet," answered Jean-Marie; "and I have nothing to do; and then I feel as if I were good," DrI Desprez took a seat on the post at the opposite side. He was beginning to take an 'interest in the talk, for the boy plainly thought before he spoke, and tried to answer truly. "It appears you have a taste for feel ing good," said the doctor. "Now, there you puzzle ome extremely, for I thought you said you were a thief; and the two are incom patible." "Is it very bad to stealt" asked;Jean-Marle. "Luch is the general opinion, little boy," replied the doctof. . "Nol but I mean as I stole," exclaimed the other. "For I had no choice, I think it is surely right to have bread; it must be right to have bread, there comes so plain a want of it And then they beat me cruelly if I returned with nothing," be added. "I was not ignorant of right and wrong; for before that I had been well taught by a priest, who was verykind to me." (The doo tor made a horrible grimace at the word ."priest.") "But it seemed to me, when one had nothing to eat and was beaten, it was a different affair, I would not have stolen for tartlets, I believe; but any one would steal for baker's bread." "A nd so I suppose," said the doctor, with a rising sneer, "you prayed God to forgive .you, and explained the case to him at length." "Why, sir?" asked Jean-Marie. "Ido not see." "'Your priest would see, however," retorted cesprez. S"Would het asked the boy, troubled for the first time. "I should have thought God would have known." "Eh"P' snarled the doctor. S"I should have thought God would have understood me," replied the other. "You do itot, I see; but then it was God that made sue th1nk so, was it notl:'t" "Little boy, little boy," said Dr. Deprez, ''I told you already you haed the vices of philos oph'ly: if you display the virtues also, I must .. si ans a student of the blessed laws of health, an observer of plain and temperate inature in her common walks; and I cannot preserre my equanimity in preassnce of a nlnister. Do you undersstadl' "No, sir," said the boy. '"t will make miy meaning clear to you," replied the doctor. "Look there at the sky behind the belfry first, where it is so light, and then up and up, tarundng your chin i back. right to the top of the dome, where it is already as blue as at noOn. Is not that a beautiful color Does it notpleasethe heartl We have seen it all our lives, until it has grown ii with our famuniliar thoughts. Nose," changing his tone, "suppose that sky to be colse as'ddllenly of a live and fiery amber, like the :olor of clarr coals, and growing scarlet tovitrd the lop--Itdo ti' .i~y it would be any thie lss beautiful, but would you like it as well:" "I -upposeo not," answered Jeau-M'xje. "Neither do 1 like Syou," returned the doc toer, iroughibly; 'I hate all odd people, asd you av, the ost upprious little boy in all the "norl.:' 0 ' Jean-Marie seemed to ionder for gy.while, and then be raised his head again and Ilqoebis over at the doctor with an air of candid in quiry. "But are not you a very curious gentle man!" he asked. The doctor threw away his stick, bounded on the boy, clasped' him to his bosom and kissed him on both cheeks. "Admirable, admirable impl" he cried. "What a morning, what an hour for a theo rist of 421 No," he continued, apostrophizing heaven, "I did not know that such boys ex isted; I was ignorant they made them so; I had doubted of my race; and now! It is like," he added, picking up his stick, "like a lovers' meeting. I have bruised my favorite staff in that moment of enthusiasm. The injury, however, is not grave." He caught the boy looking at him in obvious wonder, embarrassment and alarm. "Hullo!" said he, "why do you look at me like that: Egad, I belioee the boy despises me. Do you de spise me,; boy:" "Oh, no," replied Jean-Marie, seriously; "only I do not understand." "You must excluse me, sir," returned the doctor, with gravity; "I am still so young. Oh, hang himt!" he added to himself And he took his seat again and observed the boy sardonically. "He hlas spoiled the quiet of my morning," thought he. 'I shall be nerv ous all day, and have a febricule when I digest. Let me compose myself. And so lihe dismissed his preoccupations by an effort of the will which he had long practiced. and let his soul roam abroad in the contemplation of the morning. He inhaled the air, tasting it critically as a connoisseur tastes a vintage, and prolonged the expiration with hygienic gusto. He counted the little flecks of cloud along the sky. He followed the movements of the birds round the churchtower--making long sweeps, hanging poised, or turning airy somersaults in fancy, and beating the wind with imaginary pinions. And in this way he regained peace of mind and animal com posure, conscious of his limbs, conscious of the sight of his eyes, conscious that the air had a cool taste, like a fruit, at the top of his throat; and at last, in complete abstraction, he began to sing. The doctor had but one air-"Malbrouck s'en va- t-en guerre;" even with that he was on terms of mere politeness; and his musical exploits were always re served for moments when he was alone and entirely happy. He was recalled to the earth rudely by a pained expression on the boy's face. "What do you think of my singing!" he inquired, stopping in the middle of the note; and then, after he had waited some little and re ceived no answer: "What do you think of nmy singing?" he repeated, imperiously. "I do not like it," faltered Jean-Marie. "Oh, comel" cried the doctor. "Possibly you are a performer yourself' " "I sing better than that," replied the boy. The doctor eyed him for some seconds iin stupefactionO He was aware that he was angry, and blushed for himself in conse quence, which made him angrier. "If this is how you address your masterl" he said at last, with a shrug and a flourish of his arms. "I do not speak to hirm at all," returned the boy. "I do not like him." "Then you like me'" snapped Dr. Desprez, with unusual eagerness. "I do not know," answered Jean-Mfarie. The doctor rose. "I shall wish you a good morning,u" he said. "You are too much for me. Perhaps you have blood in your veins, perhaps celestial ichor, or perhaps you cir culate nothing more gross than respirable air; but of one thing I am inexpugnably as sured-that you are no human being. Eo boy"-shaking his stick at himn-"you are not a human being. Write, write it in your memory-'l am not a human being-I have no pretension to be a human being-I am a dive, a dream, an angel, an acrostic, an illu sion-what you please, but not a human being.' And so accept my humble saluta tions and farewell!" And with that the doctor made off along the street in some emotion, and the boy stood, mentally gaping, where he left hlm. CHAPTER III. THE ADOPTIO N. Mme. Desprez, who answered to the Chris tian name of Anastasie, presented an agree able type of her sex; exceedingly wholesome to look upon, a stout brune, with cool smooth cheeks, steady, dark eyes and hands that neither art nor nature could improve. She was the sort of a person over whom adversity passes like a summer cloud; she might, in the worst of conjunctions, knit her brows into one vertical furrow for a moment, but the next it would be gone. She had much of the placidity of a contented nun; with little of her piety, however; for Anastasio was of a very mundane nature, fond of oysters and old wine, and somewhat bold pleasantries, and devoted to her husband for her own sake rather than for hie. She was imperturbably gook natured, but had no idea of self sacri fice. To live in that pleasant old house, with a green garden behind and bright flowers about the window, to eat and drink of the best, to gossip with a neighbor for a quarter of an hour, never to wear stays or a dress except when she went to Fontainebleau shop ping, to be keptin a continualsupply of racy novels, and to be married to Dr. Desprez and have no ground of jealousy, filled the cup of her nature to the brim. Those who had known the doctor in bachelor days, when lihe had aired quite as many theories, but of a different order, attributed his present philos ophy to the study of Anastasle. It was her brute enjoyment that he rationalized and perhaps vainly imitated. Mme. Despres was an artist in the kitchen, audmade coffeetoanicety. Shehadaknack of tidiness, with which she had infected the doctor; everything was in its place; every thing capable of polish shone gloriously; and dust was a thing banished from her empire. Aline, their single servant, had no other busi ness in the world but to scour and burnish. ISo Dr. Desprez lived in his house like afatted calf, warmed and cosseted to his heart's con tent.* The midday meal was excellent. There was a ripe melon, a fish from the river in a memorable Bearnaise sauce, a fat fowl in a fricassee, and a dish of asparagus, followed by sonme fruit. The doctor drank half a bot tle plus one glass, the wife half a bottle minus the samequantity, which was a marital privi lege, of ran p?lpnt 5Cote Rotie, seven years old. Then the coffee was brought, aid a flask of ChartreUse for madamne, for the doc tor despised and distrusted such decoctions; and then Aline left the wedded pair to the pleasures of memory and digestions. "It is a very fortunate circumstance, my cherished one," observed the doctor-"this coffee is adorable-a very fortunate circum clauce pi 14 ls Flle-t-nastasie, I beseech you, go without thst ppisq9 fsi' sqday, only one day, amd you vilR fee) the h!'neit', I plecge muy reputation." "What s this isrtlnate circumstance, my friendf' iequire4 4qastasie, pot hpgding his protest, which wo s of daily recurresen "That we have no children, my beatiful,":: replied the doctor. "I think of it ma?? as ths years go on, and with more and more gsatitud tower4 the power that dispenses such afflictions. Your health, ?y darling, my studious quiet, our little kitch?u dolia cies, how they would all have suffered. bowr they would all have been sacrificed Anud for what? Children are the last word of human imperfection. Health flees before their face. They cry, my dear; they put rae.tious questions; they demnud to be fed, "o be washed, to be educated, to have their loses llown; and then, when the time comes, they brea.' our hearts, as I break this piece of sugar-. O pair of professed egotists, like ou anid me, should avoid offspring like an infidclit?." . '"ldeed!" said she, and she laughed. "Now, that is like you-to take credit for the thing you could not help." "My dear,: returned the doctor, so'dmnly, "we might have adopted." "Never!" cried madame. "Never, doctor, with my consent. If the child were my own flesh and blood, I would not say no. But to take another person's indiscretion on my shoulders, my dear friend, I have too much "Precisely," replied the doctor. "We both lhad. And I am all the better pleased with ousrwisdom, because-because"- He looked at lie' sharply. "Because what!" she asked, with a faint prcmonition of danger. "Because I have found the right person," said the doctor, firmly, "and shall adopt him this afternoon.:, Anastasie looked at him out of a mist. "You hlave lost your reason," she said: and tlher was a clang ini her voice that seemed to threaten trouble. "Not so, my dear," he replied;."I retain its complete exercise. To the proof: instead of attemupting to cloak my inconsistency I Ihave, by way of preparing you, thrown it into strong relief. You will there, I think, recognize the philosopher who has the ec stasy to call you wife. The fact is, I have been reckoning all this while without an ac cident. I never thought to find a son of my own. Now, last night I found one. Do not unnecessarily alarm yourself, my dear; le is not a drop of blood to me that I know. It is his mind, darling, his mind that calls me father." "His mind!" she repeated, with a titter between scorn and hysterics. "His mind, indeed! Henri, is this an idiotic pleasantry, or are you mad? His mind! And what of nmy ind'!" -'Truly," replied the doctor, with a shrug, "you have your finger on the hitch. He will be strikingly antilpathetic to my beautiful Anastasie. She will never understand him; he will never understand her. You married the animal side of my nature, dear; and it is on the spiritual side that I find my affinity for Jean-3Marie. So much so, that, to be per fectly frank, I stand in sotme awe of him my self. You will easily perceive that I am announcing a calamity for you. Do not," he broke out in tones of real solicitude, "do not give way to tears after a meal, Anastasie. You will certainly give yourself a false di gestion." Anastasie controlled herself. "You know how willing I am to humor you," she said, "in all reasonable matters. But on this point" "My dear love," interrupted the doctor, cager to prevent a refusal, "who wished to leas-e Paris? Wiho made me give up cards, and the opera, and the boulevard, and my social relations, and all that was my life be fore I knew yout Have I been faithfull Ha-ve I been obedient! Have I not borne Imay doom with cheerfulness? In all honesty, Anastatsie, have I not a right to a stipula tion on my side? I have, and you know it. I stipulate my son." Anastasia was aware of defeat: she struck her colors instantly. "You will br:eakmy heart," site sighed. "Not in the least," said he. "You wiill feel a trifling inconvenience for a month, just as I did when I was first brought to this vile hamlet; then your admirable sense and temper will prevail, and I see you already as content ns over, and making your husband thb happiest of men." "You know I can refuse you nothing," she said, with a last dicker of resistmace; "noth ing that will make vou truly happier. But will this? Are you sure, mybusbandi Last night. you say, you found him! He may be the worst of humbugs." "I thiink not," replied the &octor.; "But do not suppose me so unwary as to adopt him out of hand. I am, I flatter myself, a fin ishedl man of the world; I have had all pas sibilities in view; my plan is contrived to meet them all. I take the lad as stable boy. If he pilfer, if he grumble, if he desire to change, I shall see I was mistaken; Ishall recoghize him for no son of mine, and send hini tramping." "You will never do so when the time comes," said his wife; "I know your good heart." i She reached out her hand to him, with a sigh; the doctor smiled as he took it and car ried it to his lips; he had gained his point with greater ease than he had dared to hope; for perhaps the twentieth time he hadproved the efficacy of his trusty argument, his Ex =alibur, the hint of a return to Paris. Six months in the capital, for a man of the doc tor's antecedents and relations, implied no lees a calamity than total ruin. Anastasie had saved the remainder of his fortune by keeping him strictly in the country. The very name of Paris put her in a blue fear; and she would have allowed her husband to keep a menagerie in the back garden, let along adopting a stable boy, rather than per mit the question of return to be discussed. About 4 of the afternoon the mountebank rendered up his ghost; he had never been conscious since his seizure. Dr. Desprez was present at his last passage, and declared the farce over. Then he took Jean-Marie by the shoulder, and led him out into the inn gar den, where there was a convenient bench beside the river, Here he sat him down and made the boy place himself on his left. "Jean- Marie " he aid very gravely, "this world is exceedingly vast, and even France, which is only a small corner of it, is a great place for a little lad like you. Unfortunately it is full of eager, shouldering people moving on, and there are very few bakers' shops for so many eaters. Your master is dead; you are not fit to gain a living by yourself; you do not wish to steal? No. Your situation, then, is undesirable' it is, for. the moment, critica ? On the ot4er hand, you behold in me a man not old, though elderly, still en joying the youth of the heart and the intel ligence; a man of instruction; easily situated in this world's affairs; keeping a good table; a man, neither as friend nor host, to be de spised. I offer you your food and clothes, aSdl to teqbh ytt Ipaso n in the evponing,swhich will lia infinitely more tp the purppse for a lad of yo?ir stamp than those of all the priests in Europe, [ propose no wages, but if evet you take . thought to leave ie the door shiall be open, and I will give you 100 francs to start the world upon. In return, I have an old horse and chaise, which you would very speedily leasn to clean and keep in or der. Do not hurry yourself to answer, mid talke it or leave it as ypu judge ap:ight. Only emember this, that' I on} no sentiinentalist or ch ritalble -person, but a mam who lives rigorously to himselfi a!ad that if ] make the p;:op.sa it s for pay own ends-@ s because Iperceive tearl n ass easlvaistage to myself. "I shall be ve?ry glad, F do not see what else I can do. I thankyou, sir, most kindly, and T will try to be useful," said the boy. "Thank you," said the doctor, warmly, risn ing.at the same time and wiping his brow, for he had suffered agonies while the thing hungin the wind-: A refusal, after the scene at noon, would have placed him in a ridicu lous light before Anastasie. "How hot and heavy is the evening, to.be h aoel I have always had a fancy to be a fish in sumnrr, Jean-Marie, here in the Loing beside Gr'.,t". I should lie under a water lily and listen to the bells, which must sound most delicately down below..That would be a life-do you not think so, tool" "Yes," said Jean-Marie. "Thank God, you have imagination!" cried the doctor, embracing the boy with his usual effusive warmth, though it was a proceeding that seemed to disconcert the sufferer almost as much as if he had been an English school boy of the same age. "And now," he added, "I will take you to my wife." ifme. Despres sat in the dining room in a cool wrapper. All the blinds were down, asnd the tile floor had been recentlyscprinkled with water; her eyes were half shut, but she affected to be reading a novel as they en tered. Though she was a bustling wonaun, she enjoyed repose between whiles and had a remarkable appetite for sleep. The doctor went through a solemn form of introductien, adding, for the benefit of both parties, "You must try to like each other for my sake." "He is very pretty," said Anastasie. ."Will you kiss me, my pretty little fellow?: "Will yoer Liss me, Ml pretty liltle fellow," The doctor was furious, and dragged her into the passage. "Are you a fool, Anas tasiet" he said. "What is all this I hear about the tact of women! Heavens knows, I have not met with it in my experience. You address my little philosopher as if he were an infanut. He must be spoken to with more re spect, I tell you; he must not be kissed and Gieorgy-progy'd like an ordinary child." "I only did it to please you, I am sure," replied Anastasie; "but I will try to do bet ter." The doctor apologized for his warmth. "But I do wish him," he continued, "to feel at home among us. And really your con duct was so idiotic, nmy cherished one, and so utterly nud distantly out of place, that a saint might have been pardoned a little vehe mence in disapproval. Do, do try-if it is possible for a woman to understand young pcople-butof course it is not, and I waste my breath Hold your tongue as much as possible at least, and observe my conduct narrowly; it will serve you for a mode' 4 Anatasie did as she was bidden, and con sidered the doctor's behavior. She observed that he embraced the boy three times in the course of the evening, and managed gener ally to confound and abash the little fellow out of speech and appetite. But she had the true womanly heroism in little affairs. Not only did she refrain from the cheap revenge of exposing the doctor's errors to himself, but she did her best to remove their ill effect on Jean-Marie. When Desprez went out for his last breath of air before retiring for the night, she came over to the boy's side and took his hand. "You must not be surprised nor frightened by my husband's manners," she said. "He is the kindest of men, but so clever that he is sometimes difficult to understand. You will soon grow used to him, and then you will love him, for that nobody can help. As for nme, you may be sure, I shall try to make you happy, and will not bother you at all. I think we should be excellent friends, you and I. I am not clever, but I am very good natured. Will you give me a kissi" IIo held up his face, and she took him in her arms and then began to cry. The woman had spoken in complaisance; but she had warmed to her own words, and tenderness followed. The doctor, entering, found them enlaced: he concluded that his wife was in faurlt; and he was just beginning, in an awful voice, "Anastasie," when she looked t u at him, smiling, with an upraised finger; and he held his peace, wondering, while she led the boy to his attic. CHAPTER IV. THE EDUCATION OF A PHILOSOPHER. The installation of the adopted stable boy was thus happily effected, and the wheels of life continued to run smoothly in the doc tor's house. Jean-Marie did his horse and carriage duty in the morning; sometimes helped in the housework; sometimes walked abroad with the doctor, to drink wisdom from the fountain head; and was introduced at night to the sciences and the dead tong es. He retained his singular placidity of mind and manner; he was rarely in fault; but he made only a very partial progress in his studies, and remained much of a stranger in the framily. The doctor was a pattern of regularity. All forenoon he worked on his great book, tihe "Comparative Pharmacopoeia, or His torical Dictionary of all Medicines," which as yet consisted principally of slips of paper and pin.: When fluished, it was to fillmany personable vohlues and to combine anti quarian interest with professional utility. But the doctor was studious of literary graces and the picturesque; an anecdote, a touch of manners, a moral qualification, or a sound ing epithet was sure to be preferred before a piece of science; a little more, and he would have written the "Comparative Pharma copoeia" in verse! The article "Mummia," for instance, was already complete, though the remainder of the work had not progressed beyond the letter A. It was exceedingly copious and entertaining, written with quaintness and color, eot, erudjte, a lit erary article; but it wiould hardly have af fqrded gtidic ce to a practicing physician of today. The feminine goo4 sense of his wife had led her to poiAt this oqt with uncom iprpmigfing silpeity; forl the ilictiormary was duly read aloud to her, betwixt sleep and waiting, as it proceeded toward an infinitely distant completion; and the doctor was a lit tle sore on the subjectof mummies, and some times resented an allusion witlh asperity. After the nmidday mneal and 4 proper pe rid; of digestion he walked, somnetimresalone, s~omethi'es ac?ompapiicd by? Jean-Marie; for nsadqme would havy prefersste any hardship fatber thaq walk. She was, as hlave said, a very busy per gai!, contirually ocoupied tsbout eaterial prqmforts pnd ready ta drop asleep over a povel the instant she was disengage d: This was the less objectionable, as she never snored or grew distempered in complexion when she slept. On the contrary, she looked the very picture of luxurious and appetizing ease, and woke withofit a start to the perfect possession of her faculties. I onu afraid( she was greatly an animal, but hre W'is it rery nice diimaitd haive about. Iri this way she (To ir Continerl) 