CONCENTRATES. Two women and a man were recently admitted to a hospital in .Dublin suffering from wounds which they alleged had been inflicted by "ghosts." London is about to hare its Central Rail . way from the western suburbs beneath Oxford-street to the city. Workmen's trains will run any distance up to six miles for one penny. For cheap booksgo to White's, opposite Huskisson's. A man has recently started from Pans who is pledged to make the journey to Moscow on stilts. In one day 300 Chinese pirates and robben were beheaded in the province of Kwantung. The Home Secretary is being urged to remit a sentence of 14 years' penal servitude passed in 1888 upon a barman for stealing a small quantity of wine and brandy valued at 2s. 9d. Middleton's Influenza Mixture is only obtainable at the Broken Hill Dispensary, under Kenny's Verandah, t The World's Fair at Chicago is to be opened by a descendant of Columbus. Lord Tennyson, being asked for a song to commemorate th» 4U0th anniversary of the discovery of America, replied, " I am an old man verging on 82, and cannot promise." The Amalgamated Miners' Association, having decided to take a vote of its mem- bers in the district of Wallaroo in the rival claims of Messrs. Hooper and Nicholls, a poll was opened last week (says the Advertiser). The reBult showed Mr. Hooper received 697 votes and Mr. Nicholls 571. Mr. Hooper will therefore be the candidate of the A.M. A. at the Legislative Council election. James Frazer, an old resident of Goul- burn Valley, was riding an old racehorse at Murchison on Saturday night when the animal shied, throwing Frazer, who sus- tained a fracture of the skull. He never recovered consciousness, and died on Sunday, leaving a wife and four young children. THE GOT DEW LASE," a marvellous his- tory of a j«-ii i!*-y through the Great Lone Land of /. uairalia. Cheap edition. W. C. Wight aud Co.," opposite Theatre Royal. Sir George Grey, speaking of his visit to Broken Hill, told an Advertiser (Adelaide) reporter that he was greatly impressed with the marvellously rapid growth of the place and the magnitude of the mining and smelting operations carried on in the vicinity. He considers the trend of public opinion with regard to the single tax question to be the same in this district aa elsewhere in the Aus- tralian colonies ; being also impressed with the desirableness of the connection of Broken Hill with the seaboard by another line as a matter of convenience and importance to its citizens. Daring bis stay Sir George found the climate beneficial to his health, and he went so far as to compare its hygienic qualities with those of the highlands of Africa, whither physicians are now recommending those suffering from certain affections ol the chest. At a meeting of Wesleyan minister J held in Sydney on Monday a résolution was pasaed strongly condemning the increase of the so-called athletic clubs, which it was alleged were in reality fight- ing saloons, and calling upon the Govern- ment to put a stop to what were called the "brutal contests" held in such clubs. For colds in the head, tightness on the chest, sore throats, &c;, take Middleton^ Influenza Mixture. + The Duke of St. Albans, like hu ancestors, received £965 a year for being known as Hereditary Grand Falconer, which has been a sinecure ever sines hawking ceased to be the pastime of monarchs. The Duke has just commuted this handsome pension, receiving from the Government its money value in full. Mr. Astor, the American millionaire, has taken a house in West London at a rental of £5000 a year. It has transpired that wben his son was married recently in America the bridegroom omitted to say, " With all my worldly goods I thee endow." The omission has been much commented on by the friends of the bride. The best preventative and cure for influenza is Middleton's Influenza Mix- ture, t There are now 30 journeymen bakers on strike in Adelaide, but it is expected these will be back at work this week. The employers of all the others have con- ceded the men's demands. The eight hours' system will come into force in the bakehouses on May ll, but the revised scale of wages is already in force. RECEIVED.-The South Australian Rac- ing Guide, from Messrs. J. H. Sherring and Co., Adelaide. This little book, which is published at the low price of 6d., contains a variety of interesting racing lore in the shape of an alphabetical list of winners and placed horses in all races run in the neighboring colony during last year, and up to May 1 this year. It also contains tables of winners for years back, fastest times on record, and other useful sporting information. The " Guide " can be no doubt had from the local news agents. " A MASKED MAH." A story of Sydney. Cheap edition. W. C. Wight and Co., opposite Theatre. " D. T. Maida," Pinnacles.-There are several words in tbe English language beginning with X, besides those you men- tion, such as xylophagous, xylite.xylodine, xyster, «fee. which are to be found in most dictionaries. They are all of ^Ireek origin. "J. C. Dobbyn," Silverton.-The solu- tion as given is perfectly correct. If K to B 3, White plays B to Q 4 (ch). The K can only go to Kt 4 or K 2, and Q mates at K Kt 4 or Q 7 as the case may be. lu your supposed solution you give (b) K to B 3, 2. Q to Q 2, and then move K to K 2, quite overlooking the fact that there is no necessity for Black to move hil King, and by playing Kt to K 3 he blocks the mate. If Q to Q 4, then K to K 2, and there is no mate. Kt cannot go to K 6 being at K Kt 2 ; and if Kt moves firet Q mates at Q 4, when Q is at R 4. Ton appear not to have the correct position. A correspondent (Mr. Kennedy) asks for information relative to the Angui mine. Mr. R. Hood. Broken Hill, woul i, no doubt, if communicated with, suppl} answers to any questions that our corre spondent might put to him. Verdicts for the plaintiffs were given io the following petty debtB cases to- day : Holmes and Hearn v. Davis, goods sold £4 133.; Bellamy v. Sweet, goods shor in delivery, £2 3s. 2d.-verdict for 15s paid into court, less witness' expenses Bellamy v. Creig, cartage, &o.; : Christen sen v. Thompson, board, «fcc., £2 19s Gilbert v. Reid, carriage of goods, £14a One or two cases were adjourned unti next court day. The most successful influenza mixtun introduced to the public last year wa Middleton's Influenza Mixture. Everi householder should obtain a bottle ai once.t Dos*T BE DBCBIVKD.-If you want the best medicim the world has ever produced, try COLEMANS AND SONS EUCALYPT* EXTBACT ; there are no ten medicines eq.ua to it. it is one of nature's greatest gifts to mankind It is the only known cure for Asthma, Consumption Bronchitis, and all affections of th« Chest and Lungs For Palpitation of the Heart, Gravel, and Kidney I complaints it has no eauaL Fevers of all kindr Coughs, Colds, Rheumatism, &c;, are banished by it use. Awarded medals and diplomas Adelaide Sydney, and Melbourne, Mating all competitors Children should have C. and Sons' Eucalypte Hone or LoznaBS. Be sure and get COLRMANK ARO Sosa, Stocked hy all Sydney house« 