PERAMBULATOR. -o Another seat wen for 'Honme Rula A seat:pre i'iously held,by a liberal-unionist for Hartlepool-hav ing become vacant, a Gladstone candidate has been returned polling 298 majority, or about 1200 votes more than was polled at previous election by the Home Rule candidate. The caue? is evidently still increasing in popularitynotwithstandingthe unfortu nate split wi h Mr Parnell. That the cause muc t live and progress seems pretty certain. The British Parliament is now in session; and Mr Parnell has taken his seat between Mr Justia M'Carthy and Mr Sexton. This I should take as. being significant of the ox-leader's desire to bow to. the wish of. the majority of the party. - Tne new leader of the Irish party has been visit. ing Mr Wm. 'O'Brien lately, and apparently with good results. One cablegram, dated Sunday..last, reads :--" Mr Justin M'Carthy and Mr Thomas Sexton, who, proceeded to Boulogne a day - or two ago for the purpose of holaing a further conference with Mr William O'Brien, returned to London last. night, and expressed themselves thoroughly satisfiedi with the result of the meeting. They both express. the hope-'of a -speedy settlement of -the difficulty. between the Parnellites and their opponents. ' A'friend - of mine, resident nrot many miles frim. Kilmore; had a novel -ghost-experience lately. :He- - fonad it necessary to alter his place of residence, . and he was not many nights. in his new quarters. -when he used to hear peculiar and to him'-unac- -: ouiitabli 'nioises. When he usedd to light a candle- . suclirnoises wonld'ceise inhdeed: so-fiiglteoned-had - hejoisieo tba t ie geixwl -lj- keptfrhe oandk- liglhi ing'all night. -One night." thinning- he: dould- :.bot be troubled much more, he put out-the- candle, and. wadpot: long in darkness, trying to secure -a sleep. when the-noises were worse than usual,- and: as ".a:. consequence his prayers were most--fervent :and -" dev6ted. - A newspaper on the floor near his bed'' sounded' as if being-dragged about. In a terriblyr. nervoits condition 'he struck a light, determined' this :tas'tti laist night he would attempt sleeping in. a lhiunted -ouse, when behold the ghost-a large-. sized:abbit,- whi-ch had evidently come-- through - a, hole in a back-room floor. My friend. managed, to. seise the distirber,.und ever since he made a, good. mealof'the ghost-which he did neit' day-he- has not been troubled, nor has he found.it necessary- - to. appeal to anybody to exorcise what he deemed- an. Sevil spirit. i; well-knowrn clergyman- preaching recently onw the' depravity of• the age said that little children" who could neither speak nor walk were to be seen running about the street cursing and swearing ! ∧ yet this. clergyman was not a Hibernian. I learn. with. extreme pleasure that the excellent " building erected in the New iownwhip- as, a high- classschool, issoon.to be utilized for the purpose: stated. Fr..Farrelly having received intimation to that effect.. Ibelieveo a first-class teaching order will'be in charge, and, the- climate? and surround ings-of Kilmore being pleasant and healthy,. good' tuition will mean not only keeping- the youth of. the district here-but the. attraction of. pupils fromb elsewhere,.and where pupils some the parents in. many cases will settle, also-an advantage whidcli need only be.mentioned to be. understood.. Fairly a well to-do people, who consider. health and economy; t important, can- very soon avail themselves of resi a dence here, with the opportunities:of sending their: o. boys to-the Christian Brothers' Academy on Collegei and. their girls to the local convent, to. which con, Saiderableuadditions are now being made] and: they: s. are required to accommodate the pupils?. SMr Howden's handsome residence on. the- road. to, G ilmore East is now ahncst completed and: is aq e very creditable- brick structure. It is a nice design,. seems-waell and faithfully, built,. and should cer tainly prove one of the-most comfortable houses.. in, the district. I should like to see other buildings. Y ofa, similar character being erected,, and I learn. g- that MU D. M'Kay is going to erect. a handsome: brick residence in Powlett-street. Again, let me: s say, at the cost of iteration, that there is no. more r salubrious spot in the colony, and in. Kilmore, such, r a thing as contagious disease-seems unknown. The Crown Co. (Reedy. Creek) has been. crushing. this week and I am told the stone looks well.. The result of the crushing will be looked for with-anxiety. t In the Dovle's ground over 100 ft. below the reeE operated upon by the Crown, the lode now being; .uriven upon shows gold and there is every prospcct. Sof. same making rich any moment-I- hope it will as; re d compapy deserves every success. Lord Carrington has been 'delivering' himself on; t Australia-in-the-old country-- he recognises Austra-.: lian-nationalism as-a growing; force..- H recommends; life peerages for Colonial Chief Justices. I. think it. would be justas well notto have new titles,, and. many of- the. old: ones could be- advantageously dispensed with-indeed there-is a miserable kind: of Sshoddy thig- called " Society,' rampant in Mel s bourne just now that should bescouted or suppressedt in. tha interests of the general public. - 