\- PITH AND POINT. .Sun. Vr y. Clear Bright. Bracing. Inquests. Betitionr. Bobberies. "Burglaries. Unemployed. Obstructions. - Irrigationists. 'Excursionists. Commutations. TuberculioinU. .Dr Ginllestone. Ttcvenno decreases. Bev, Charles Clark. Deficiency for year ubout L200,000. lohn Finnegan— imprisonment for life. Joseph Chohab— imprisonment for 12 years. Lord flopetoun's visit to Broken Hill .postponed. Mr W. II. Caunt appointed County Court judge. Kxit Sandhurst. Re-enter Bendigo. Old times. Rocks ! The (Executive is prepared to consider Okvatd Twist's ease. No more bonuses for butter. Middle men reapiug the benefit, 'New York Police working had to put down Maffia Associations. Right. Mr Fanton glad to get rid of the BtUoy-Wilsou cases. Xo wonder ! Mr Barry Sullivan, the popular tragedian, died on Sunday, aged G7. No further proceedings in the lima 'Vftughan v Mylt-sM'IUo case in Sydney. Maitland C. Morton gets sir mouths. Stealing cheque from wife. Is marriage a failure ? Diphtheria ha broken out near Xhill, in Itke north- west. State school closed for two weoks. Australian Natives' Association tops the 3iat of Friendly Societies. Swing to gether, boys ! Ilr W. 0. Robinson likely to succeed Mr Jenkins as Clerk in Assembly. Long And good service. A number of petty thefts in tho Public "Works department, Sydney, flatter in thonda of detectives. Boy of Id at Kyneton charged with un lawfully assaulting girl of Iff. Remanded lor turther evidence. The Adelaide census returns to hand show an increase of population in the city and suburbs of 211,077. George Proctor, miner, killed by a fall of earth in Tickliole Tunnel, Adauistown (NJS.W.) on Saturday. No traces yet of 'iliornas Bissoll. who escaped from the Iteaconslicld Inebriate Asylum on Wednesday. A porter named Jarne3 Stewart acci- deuUlly killed at Bcnalla last night. Shunting trouble again. State School Teachers' Conference. .Deputation to.Miniscer. Takes a lot of working thai department. Summons to bo issued at Bnlrnsdale against a winning pedestrian at Eight Jlours Sports. Kalao entry. South Australian revenue for quarter, £L?&2,000 ; expenditurp, LOGO, 000. In- «creaoc in railways, Loff.OOO. Foxes nro becoming very troublesome in tho vicinity of Dunolly. They arc yecttliarly partial to young hmbs. There aro ftOO letters to read in tho Queensland shearers' conspiracy cases. Jicariy .as bad as the Palace Ffotci. .Sir Henry Parke returned to office duty iu Sydney yesterday titouting. Said "lie had benefited greatly by his trip. Lord Kintorc is journeying towards Alioe Springs. Expects to get there on Friday. Party all in excellent form. Reported to authorities that Queens land UttionUU have been cutting fences and destroying property at Granada. May Day demonstrations in Germany ajuLet, Singing, processions, Turn- verciu- iug, etc. No rows. No cavalry. Ilocli ! 1 Landholders near Bainisdalonot pleased with tho Irrigation Trust ichut&es.; T>on|t approve of work done or of the coat. ' The gentleman who, in future, beats Piis wife with n stick no thicker than his thumb will not have tho law oii his laido. It is proposed to pay some mark of .respect to Dr GirJIc-sUutu before ho goes .homo. Meeting ut Town Hall this after- President Kruger reported unable to check the Boer expedition to Miw- hoalaitd. Portuguese Govennuent sane- itUHl it. Mr G. Iteid, M.L.A., Sydney, says that the Convention Federation Bill will jhe torn m shreds by the ejectors. This is .unkind. Mr Froude writes to Sir Henry Parke lef the aduHratiou itr England of Sir ;JIenry's work in the Convention. lo :Bmani Iu ! !.. ' No, sir," replied Jones, when naked do lunch, "I consider luncheon a re flection upon auy breakfast, and an insult :to my dhmer." The South Australian Railway Com- Tnitshmera have finally accuptcd'M&rliu; and Co. 'a tender fur locos, waggons, Ac. Clost, 1409, 2W. A board of enquiry has been appointed . to investigate tho circumstances eunnactod -wpth tho disappearance of whisky at tho Queen's Wharf. in tho riot at FoHrmien, North France, some woinuu and children were killed. Further rioting expected. Cavalry iu readings. Had, The Queensland Border Railway Com. mission huvo turned up ut Cordcalla Downs. Wsathur lino, country improving. , All well umLhenrty. An old resident of Dunolly, named James llngau, reported to havo been left fli&O.OUO; bv iv brother in Western Ann. Itralla. Home men are, etc. A Mr Stewart reported to havo said at .meeting of labor federation, Brisbane, > that Victorian "blacklegs" nro worse thuu iChinuio. Oh ! Mr Speiice. Tlio Italian Pruuior accuse tho Ameri can Secretary of State of a disregard of diplomatic uugun. Say it is useless to pursuora bootless discussion. Tho City Council of Filzroy highly approves or Mr Fitzgibbnn's appointment ,as Chairman of the Board of Work. 'Writes to-bira-to that effect. r Two women and a man have been admitted to n hospital iu Dublin suffer ing from Grounds which they alleged had 'been been indicted by4' ghosts," . A serious riot occurred at-NeWcaaUo on | Saturday, during which several police wjero sovorcty injured. Several rioters rhe»vily dealt with at. tho police court yesterday inomiug. First Docker: "What are theto ntriko inftongcm a-tryin on now?" . Second J Docker: "Why, don'tchorknow 7 They wants eight honra a day, urfs crown an J boor, an' all day for dinner 1" The "Buenos Ayres Standard" gircs an account of a terriblo eyclono at Balm jlflsnca. Amongst items we road " Dr iCabello, while ruling in his volantnjiad a narrow escape ; a portion of a building ' smashed in tho doctor's head." If this is reckoned a " narrow" cso&po;, what must areal acoidont represent out there ? Tho Russian Qovernmuut are making jthe greatest efforts to prevent thocmi- 'grstien of Rusaitn subjoeu. except Jews, and to forco ail' foreigners to quit the . country. Homo 260 Russians, who in- tqndod going to Brazil, were stopped recently at tho railway station at Hlsrkoff by a'body. of Cossacks, A froe fight pnsued, 'which eudod it) the would-be pmlannts being driven into thointorion 1 have a letter of iutroduetion to Mr funnel Slump," said u strangor in a Western town to b citizen ; "can you >tall mo if lio is a man of drinking habits?" '" Wall, stranger,1' replied ' the citiion, eitpectorating copiously, " I wouldn't go eo fur sa to sy that Sam is a hard 4in1cor r but 1 reckon if you ask him to aqd txko euthin', you won't have to m flee under him to got hitn . MnRtf." 