KADINA & WALLAROO TIMES KADINA, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 7. 1891. RAINFALL — The following is the rainfall registered by W. Fowles, Esq., at Yararoo, for the month of January, 1891,—namely Jan. 5, 0 290. Concert and Fbhit SocrAL.—A Concert ard Fruit Social wil be held in the Inst tote Hall, Wallaroo, - in connection with the Anglican Church, o > Monday evening next, February S', Wailaroo Mabket.—We are asked to draw special attention to Malcolm & Co.'s sale at Wallaroo th;aafternoon, when they will offer horses, heavy dray, harness, poultry, piga, drapery, boots, &o.; The Standard Book Company's Meet ing.—Our attention h&B; been directed to the fact that in our report of the annual meeting of the above company, we omitted to mention ihat the resignation of Mr Alf. France, jun., as a Director, was received and accepted. Death fbom Dbinking Cold Watee.— The Marrabel correspondent of the jKapunda Herald writing on Feb. 2, says :—Death bas been busy in this locality lately. On .Friday last a yonng man in good health generally (Mr B. Fisher) died. He was at Eudunda unloading wheat, Jind getting rather warm he look a drink of cold water, got a chili, and wife and seven children poorly off. The eldest child is thirteen years of age and the youngect is in arms, and the woman nearly blind. Here is a case for charity. Harvest Thanksgiving Seevices.—Har vest thanksgiving services will be held lu ttie T^adina Wesieyan Church, to-morrow (Sun day;, on which occasion the Rev. J. H. G-oas, will preach morning and evening. In the afternoon, there will be a children's " Thanks iving service." On the following evening (Monday), a Fruit Soiree will be held in the large school room, and during the evening the company will be entertained with songs and recitat'ons by several well known amateurs, and a short address by Iter. J. H. Goes. Death of an Old Colonist—On Friday last Jan. 30, death removed a very Old Colon ist in the person of Mrs Hyde, of near Hamil ton. The deceased who was the relict of Mr R. Hyde, was a colonist of fifty-one years, and would haye celebrated the ninety-ninth anni versary of her birthday in March if she had lived. The deceaseed lady was mother of Mr James Hyde, of Hamilton, the otber son being Mr Robert Hyde, of Glenelg, and Mrs Samuel Moody, of Yorke's Peninsula, is a daughter. The Funeral which took place on Sunday Feb. 1, was largely attended by residents of Hamilton district and Kapunda. —Kapunda Herald. A Plucky Woman—The Register's Mel bourne correspondent writing on iftb. 5, says : Mrs £. Potter, of Balambie, about two miles from Warrandyte, has reported to the polios that on the afternoon of Januaiy 31, when alone, she heard a knocking at the front door. She opened it, and saw two men on the verandah. Asking what they wanted one re plied, " We'll soon show you what vou want," mid presenting a revolver said, " You'll soon get this." She banged the door and ran to a oedroom where a loaded shot gun was kept. She took the gun and went to the window, which was open, and fired at the men's legs. One man fell and the other ran away. After lying about a minute the wounded man got up and ran off. The police can find no trace of them. Opening of a Telegbaph Office at Bute.—A telegraph office was opened at Bute, on Wednesday afternoon last, by Mr Sands, our local Telegraph and Postmaster, who also tranpf^rred the post office to Mr G-. S. White, the telegraph master, who will also act as iStatioumoster at the railway stuiion. A number of telegrams, congratulatory and otherwise, were dispatched during the day. This convenience has been looked forward to by the residents for some time, and will be a great boom to the business people and lesideme of this rising township, which now boasts of an hotel, ciub house, several iarge \- tores, and two blacksmiths, &c.; There are also a uuuiter of wheat buyers nere who have arge stacks of whe=t along the side of < he railway line. A Jew Lizabd at a Salvation Babbacks. —A tel' gram to the Silver Age of Jau. 18, bays :—At the Forbes Police Court yesterday a youth named Conneli was charged by the police with disturbing the Salvation Army in the local barracks. It appeared that eotne one brought into the meeting a large jew lizard, which, during the service, was est free amongst the congregation. Tiie vagaribs of the reptile about the floor of the hall cuueeu <-onaiderable excitement, and particularly anongstthe lady division of the worshipers, and Connell, who wae supposed to be one of the promoters of the novelty, was seized by the Army captain and handed over to the police and locked up lot the night. Upon being brought up at the court it was proyed that the captain had secured the wrong man, and the aecuoed was discharged. Entertainment at Kadina.—The enter tainment given by Mr Frederick Maccabe and Mdlle Minnie, in the Ka'iina Town Hall, on Friday evening, was not so well patronised as it ought to have been, considering the world wide reputation of the performers. Notwith standing the fact that Mr Maccabe is now advanced in years, he has lost none of bis powers as a pianist, character artist, or ven triloquest; and Mdlle Minnie was a great success in " Begone dull care," and the Magic Statue. Altogether it was one of the b;st entertainments of its kind that has visited £adina for a iong time ; and we trust the company will be welcomed at Wallaroo to-night (Saturdav), and at Moonta on Monday evening next, with bumper houses. Ghaege against a Captain.—At the Wallaroo Police Court on Thursday last, Da'id Jones, Capt. of the " Coimbatore," was chtrg'd with inflicting grevions bodily harm u]}Ou a seaman named Lucas. It appears that there was a disturbance aboard, and the Captain wbb called. He hastened on deok with a revolver in band, and fired three shots in succession, it is stated, with the intention only of frightening the men. However, it was subsequently discovered that a bullet had lodged iil the seaman's leg, entering the calf and pawing from the posterior to the anterior surface, from whence Dr F. GK Wright successfully extracted it After the Bufferer was taken to the local JJospital- The Captain who was defended S>y Mr ITfJIndell, was remanded till Thursday, ffhen it is ex pec tea that the Seaman will be able to attend and give his evidence. M.C. Mowbray prosecuted for the Police. The GoreBNOE'fl TbipAcboss the CON TINENT.—Perhaps after ali {eaya Quilp) some good will come to South 4-Uatralia, because of Lord Kiotore's trip across $be ognt'meni, that is provided always the ghost of mania lucu.ni, or some of his mortal or diseiu- ( bodied companions does or do not attack and dispatch him on thfi way. English folk who read the record of tha journey will st least be impressed with the size of colony, while 40tfbiless some money will be attracted from tbe fMM&ets; of British capitalists by descrip tions of the pastoral or mineral country passed through. J eijpppse the officials at each of the overland telegraph #<$tjons are furbishing up their dress clothes, compiling of loyal ad dresses, and laying in whjgky, itf anticipation of tbe advent of his Lordship. Already j?opt x)arwia bos seen several aristocrats, for bare not the Data of Manchester, Lord and Lady B -assey, and King .Solomon honored it with visits. This Cbops at Mashabki,^—The corres pondent of the Kapunda Herald says ■—As the harvest is a thing of the past I think J abla to give a pretty near account of the rer- | suit. The .crops in the whole district of Hamilton are eijnply wretched, the average being from about IGIbjs. to the acre upwards. One man told me he had a pigae pf new land, seven seres, in crop, from which fce jse^ppd 24 bags; that is the best I know of. The *v.er- { age yield will not be more than two bushels per acre, and a great many persons will Qpt b&ve; seed and flour. Tiie crops would not bare beep m bad if it had not been for the locust plague $ and person could believe what darrage yas dfiae by simply looking at the crops, unless he &$t An tij.e machine. ThiB re minds me of vbat a# ,el4erljr jgpotchman said to me nearly forty j.eats age I first started farming. He aaid My ImU fre&r;'e jou are as old as I am you will §j>d tfrat^U; thai tb sown is not growing, alt that is grojya ; 4s not reaped, all that is reaped is not bagged^ j *!lMi(tj|{ bagged is not sold, all that is sold is not aljtraps /£>r, as the cheques are not alwaj|« good.9 MATBIMOffJji.5/ AjXyE^tT»:3)E*ENT. — Quiz under the beading ■" So^ia,' ,Sparks" says:— " Never scorn the matrimonial #dv.ertti8eineflt, It is often productive of really good regyiis, $.s witness the following :—Some time ago a young man in Waukarinnu inserted an ad vertisement in one ot the daiiies solicit ing applications from ladieB willing to walk alung the pathway of life with him. Among other things he mei tioned that he bad a complete outfit belonging to his late wife, whose wai*t sized oat to 21 inches. Quiz willingly gave further publicity to this novel announcement, and helped the cause of this pining one a'o -tg. There were no leas then sixty-four replies, one; of them baisg from a suaii roarnihip situated about eighty miles south of Adelaide. This young man and the lady in qaeBtion opened up a correspondence, which lasted for two monthB, and last week the widower called upon the fair damBel, with the. result that an engagement was arranged. If everything proceeds satisfactorily the wedding . will take plac« in April, and as it was in the columns of Quiz that the lady first saw a reference to the advertisement, she may, when she returns from her honeymon, send along a big piee of Cake to this office." Another Asbrbtos Discovery.—Messrs 3\. Heithersay and party have discovered (says the Register) what promises to be an extensive and valuable deposit of asbestos near Nackara. Near the surface the party, who were searching for silver, found asbestos of the variety known as mountain cork, but this article is not of great value, although it is used as a non-conducting covering for steam boilers. One of the specimens obtain ed wus very large, and could be sawn like a piece of wood. The party have sunk 40ft and have struck a vein of the mineral which in size and color resembles the Italian fibrous variety, and it is expected that as the sinking proceeds the quality of the article will im prove greatly. Messrs Johnson and Messent have a number oi simples from Naokara, chief among which is a huge mass of the inferior class of asbestos from near the surface, weigh ing about a hundredweight and a half. Besides the Nuckara specimens were samples of Italian and American raw and manufac tured asbestos, the latter including a large milboard and engine packing. Mr J. F. C. ! Johnson states that asbestos is freely distri buted throughout Australia, but as a rule the quality has not been good. He mentions that the demand for the article is largely in creasing and that good asbestos will bring £4/0 a ton. Making Btjtteb in hot Weather.—It 10 e«sy to make good butter (says the National Salesman) if all the conditions are right. If the weather is good, the cream properly tem pered and ripened, the churn tempered to suit the cream, the butter will come when due, and be in just the right state to work and wash. But when the weather is hot and sultry, the cream a little too warn] and a trifle too acid, much cire rnuBt be used or the batter will be injured. When well or spring water for cooling purposes cnn be had, the cream and churn can be cooled with water sufficiently to make good butter. Put the cream jars in a tank or tub with the coldest water you can get, and change the water often enough to get the right temperature. This tcmpnrature will vary with varying condi tions ; the warmer the weather the cooler the cream should be, for it will warm up several degrees in churning. If it is pat in the churn at 60°, and the butter conies in time, it will be found that it is a little too soft for working, and should be cooled in the ohurn by the use of plenty of water while washing it. Care should also be used that the churn should be stopped as soon as the butter breaks, because it forms iarge grains very quickly when it is a trifle warm. In working great care should be used, or the butter will Jook oily, the grain being injured. Btit if good judgment is used, first-class butter can be made in hot weather. Presentation.—On Wednesday evening, 4th February, 1891, Mr D. Dunn, Land lord of the Wombat Hotel (Oddfellows' Sail), Radius, was the rccepient of a neatly printed address, handsomely framed in rose wood with gold slip inside (executed by Mr Tippett, of Kadina), from the Members of Court Littlejohn, for his kind attention to their requirements daring the many years he j acted in the capacity of Host. The presenta tion wbb made by C.S. James Fareher. ! assisted by S.C.R. F. S. Tippett. The ad drees which was read bj the Financial Secretary (Mr James Julian) ia as follows : —"Ancient Order of Eoresters, South Aus tralian District—Court Littlejohn, No. 2,829. —To D. Dunn, £sq., Dear Sir,—We, the undersigned Officers of Court Ijittlejohn, No. 2,829, herewith tender to you our sincere thanks, on behalf of this Court, for your uniform courteey and kindness, as Host to our Court, for many years. We have always found you to be a strung advocate of Forestry, and ever willing to assist in promoting the principles of philanthropy, inculcated bj our Society. We certify that «s Host to our Court we hare always found in you a gentle man deserving of our utmost confidence. We beg to assure you that in leaving your Hotel for oar private Halls you have our best wishes both for yourself and family, and the respects of the whole Court, numbering 230 Members. We beg to remain, dear sir, yours respect fully,—James Faegheb, C.R.; F. S. Tippett, S.C.R. ; Geo. Bihx), Secretary; J. H. Hock ing, Treasurer; James JoxrAN, Financial Secretary. Kadina, January 26, 1891." Modebn Buttee Making.—Prof. Cooke, in an address before the Vermont Dairymen's Association, says :—"The best butter is that which bests suits the taste of the person for whom it is made. The beeping quality is no longer considered essential. The consumers want to be as near the churn as possible. They no longer want s high-flavored article, but most persons of a refined taste like it nearly like sweet cream in taste. Agents for the various churns and manufacturing devices urge the merits of various systems for butter making. By following out the season it will probably be seen that every one has taken a first prize, perhaps several. Every one has also made abominable butter. The man, the cow, and the feed, hare more influence than the system. Dairymen are wisely changing their herds bo that the; may engage in winter dairying and so come up to the times. The methods of to-day are very different from those of twenty- five years ago. Less labor is required, while the quality is much better. A man whose taste for good butter has fcoen educated is willing to pay for it, but will demand three things: A clean cow giving healthy milk, good feed, and cleanliness in every state of the process. As regards ensil age-fed butter, no expert can teil this from ny other properly made, unless the odor is absorbed by the milk after it is drawn. When this is fed the stable must be well ventilated and free from the Oder. The cream should be churned as soon as the acid appears so as to get the creamy taste. la the winter the cream will churn better if thinned with warm water. The School of Mines.—A meeting of the local committee of the School of Mines for iiijS district was held at Moont* on Monday, February ?nd^ when there were present:— Mr J. 8ym0Q8,j»!b tin the chair), Captains H. R. Hancock, B. Gowiingj gftd J. Barkla, and Messrs Marshall and Hughes. Tb.e Assistant director of the Adelaide School »f Mines, who was in the district with some students, attended and unofficially gave a detailed statement as to the methods of proce dure with regard to tye establishment of th« various classes and general management of the school. The meeting adjourned sifter Mr East for bis attendance and fpfgfpiation. The adjourned meet ing w»s M4 ftp ^cdjjesday, 4th of February. Present same af, fqfQ}p? meeting. Di James was excused in conse^jjeyipe of his absence from thej colony, C' read and received from the Assistant Director relative to the amount placed at the disposal of £fc specimeas i.or Jibe use of the students, Capt. Hancock placed at £}ib disposal of the com mittee several communio&t;^ns received from gentlemen intimately associated ^{ih schools of mines in the other colony, and at the sapje g&ve; valnable suggestions as to the for pjatjofl ponduct of several classes in connection sritb jth.e ^opal school. A vote of thuaks vas aceofdfid to O&pggjn; JjEancock for his suggestion &pd; the jijiorm^tiijin afforded. Resolutions were tbej) passed ap tp ifo line; upon which the sohool should bp conducted generally. Classes were formed iu thg follow, ing subjects ; — Metallurgy, mineraicgy, chemistry, mathematics, assaying and draw jpg, and gentlemen were nominated to t8l{e cfa6^£® pf the respecti?e classes, the oommit 4iee tp ,tftie tjsjpedittte steps to obtain their consent. Jjtessjrp l^arehall and Hughes were requested to arfapge '/or suitable rooms in which to conduct ifce cl^gee.' There will be three terms in the year, poifficeftcp in, February, June and Sept em per. The fees ' and other details are to be arranged at an early date. Messrs Symont, Marshall and Inches were appointed to draft prospectus for ne^t j^qeting. Butter and Facxobt.—As some doubt still exists in the minds of farmers as to the utility of establishing a butter and oheesp factory in oar midst, the following figures may probabTy convince eom« of the advisability of encouraging the formation'of such a Factory. We understand on the best authority that it takes from three to fonr gallons of milk to produce lib. of butter, which, if manufactur ed into butter by the farmer himself, brings an average of 6d to 7d per lb. during the year, whereas by disposing of bis milk to a factory at per gallon, he receives on an average from Is to Is 4d per lb., with less than one half the labor, as well as participating in the profits of the Factory (supposing he is a share holder). The following interesting description of the Riverton Cheese and Butter Factory bv the Advertiser's special reporter will be read with interest by those who are establish ing the Kadina Factory:—In the course of a conversation Mr Sawyers stated that " the Riverton Factory was a model dairying estab lishment, it being the most complete'thut he had ever seen." Not only iB the building so constructed as to afford every convenience, but the work is carried on methodically, clean linens evidently being the motto of^rhosefem ployed on the premises. As to the financial position of the company, although only in its second year the profit on working expenses for the six months ended December 31, 1890, amounted to £300, but this has all been ex pended in adding to the plant and buildinee. During the same period nearly £1,000 was distributed amongst the farmers in the dis trict for milk, while the cheese sales amounted to £514 3s 4d, and the batter sales to £203 18s 2d. Apart from dairying, the company have gone in largely for pigs, there being several hundred animals in the pens about 300 feet from the factory. These are fed with the whey from the vats, which is carried to the styes by me ana of a 5-in. pipe. It is ran into a large underground tank and mixed with more substantial food, and finally bucketed into the troughs in the yards. Tt is eagerly taken by the porker* who judging from their condition, evidently thrive on the fare. The company have done very well with their pigs, realising £167 9s 5d on sales during the past half year. Red Rust Investigations.—The Austra lasian says :—As a result of the rust in wheat conference which was held last year circu lars were issued to farmers in the colony, through the agricultural societies, asking for Answers to a list of questions, in order that the practical information available on the sub ject may be considered at another conference to be held shortly. For purposes of com parison it was deemed desirable to have the questions answered by some reliable authority in Britain, as important differences between the prevalence and appearance in rust in the old countrv and Australia might thereby be practically shown. In Scotland the area devoted to wheat is very small, and rust is little known, owing to the nature of thi climate, but in .England circumstances are different, and the information afforded by Professor McCracken, of the Royal College, Cirencester, Gloucestershire, is of interest. Mr M* Alpine, of the Victorian Agricultural de partment, has compiled the answers given to the questions which were forwarded to Pro fessor M'Cracken, and the information ob tained is to the following effect;—The rust has been prevalent at the Royal Agricultural College from time immemorial, attacking not only the wheat but also oats and barley. The rusted crops have always been reeped for grain, as they were never sufficiently damaged to necessitate their being cut for hay. The seasons when rust prevails are chiefly wet and foggy summers, and the soil most affected is that which was least drained. Professor M'Craeken has tried no preventive measured except pickling the seed for fungus diseases generally. The process is to dis solve lib. to 21b. of sulphate of copper (blueetone) in a gallon of hot water. After the water has cooled it is sprinkled over the seed, which is turned oyer until *11 is moist ened. The seed is then dried with lime, and sometimes dressed finally with a solution of tar in order to protect it from rooks. Mr M'Alpine remarks that some people consider that already sufficient information has been collected as to the conditions most favourable for the propagation of rust, but he points out a blank in the knowledge secured, which if unfilled, may render preventive efioats (utile. He refers to the various native and imported grasses which harbour the rust, many of which, in his opinion, are still un known. Election Anecdotes.—Quilp is respon sible for the following interesting election reminiscences :—Nairne is a pretty place, but the beauty of its surroundings has little effect on the manners ot its residents. Latterly something like peace and order prevails, but once it was a veritable hotbed of faction. Alfred Dunn many years ago cleared off with a great pile of the Council funds, and for months and months afterwards accusations of carelessness and worse were flung at every ratepayer who bad ever sat in the Council during the clerk's tenure of office. It was said, indeed, that most of the cash supposed to have been embezzled was spen* in bottled beer for visitors to and residents of Nairne. The memory of the genial and happy-go- lucky Alfred has passed away, and those who fought most bitterly just after his departure, now buy each others drinks, and are happy in the expression of mutual compliments. It was always hard for a Nairne man to make up his mind and stick to it. When in 1882, on Mr Kirchauff's resignation, Messrs King, Rees, Deane and Sellar stood for Onkaparinga, a prominent resident of Nairne is known to have proposed Mr King, seconded the nomination of Mr Rees, and taken the chair at one of Dr Deane's meetings. It is believed that he continued bis consistency—there was only one vacancy to be filled—by voting for Mr Sellar. Tn the election above referred to, Mr Playford was working hard for Mr King—late proprietor of the Advertiser, and now a literary angel— while Mr James Johnston, the great Oakbank brewer, was running Mr Rees. At Norton's Summit, where Mr PI ay ford's influence was paramout, Mr King polled 123 votes out of the 126 votes case, only one being given to Mr Rees. Afterwards an advertisement was inserted by Mr Johnson offering £1 to the solitary elector who had given his voice for Mr Beeg, who was successful at the total poll. About half a dozen free and independent patrons of the Norton's Summit polling booth claimed that pound, and it wasn't paid. Mr Rees always spent a lot of flattery on his Teutonic friends, because he fannied they were to be won over by smooth talk. At Liobethal once he was waxing eloquent as usual over the splendid German nation, and the magnificent system of German education, when a gentleman in the front row, who felt sympathy for the poor "Englischers," cried out, "ach, schtop dese talks, ve bin not all Deutschers hier!" Moonta. Institute.—The annual meeting of subscribers to the above whs held on Tues day evening last, when Mr W. Cowling pre sided over a scanty attendance. The chair man after briefly referring tq their present and future position as an Institute, suggested that special efforts should be made during the cur rent year for increasing the membership, and reducing the liability £150 on the building. The Secretary (Mr J. Hocking) read his re port as under :—" In submitting their annual report, your coipmittee are pleased to state that, financially the year's work has been very satisfactory. The Treasurer shows that we started the year with an overdraft balance of £g0 69 4d, and finished with a credit balance of £30 §e §d. This looks very well on paper, but we regret to state that the interest has not been taken in Institute matters which tbe general public should take. Our roll book at the close of last year showed « membership of 102, this year we started with 91, a loss of 11 members, and tbe decrease might bare been larger had it not been for the energy of your '^reagurer, who haB succeded in addiug several names t,q the roll. In looking through the roll book we find thajt a large number of those who have ceased to subscribe have left the district.'' Oar good financial position is phiefly due to'rents received from fbe j&sll;, £he o^lance jbept showing an increase on last year of £60 §s ifld frojp tfije source. At the close of last ye^r, §2 njeipbefs ipere in arrears with their pubcripUoos, owing 4?18 §s 6dj this year, 15 only ore in arrears owing J.I 7s 6d. The librarian reports the total num ber of books on the shelves as 2,032, and tbe volumes issued as 3,400 ; the nightly average attendance being 23. About 100 books are out of repair and will require re-binding, this yjli cost about £15 { and it is the intention of the c0inini$j$S to make an increase in the number of books on tbe fhejves. During the year eight committee meetings nave beejj frejd. The Museum has during the year made good progress, and the yisitore have without excep tion been pleased at tbe display. Your com mittee bare been fortunate enough to secure tbe services of Captain J, H. Sunstan, who kindly consented to tale charge of the miners- ' logical department and bas rendered good service. Mr MeDougall who is in charge of the Natural History department, has con sented to add very materially to the Museum during the coming year. We are pleased to state that Mr Stacey of the " Hans the Boat man Company," through his agent (Mr Atkins), has kindly consented to tender the Institute a benefit on Saturday, February 14, when he hoped they would be greeted with a bumper hoaee. The report was adopted on the motion of Mr Williams. The balance sheet showed the receipts for the year to have been £200 14s 7d, made up as follows .•—Sub ecrptions, £49 2s 9d ; rents, £100 9e 4d; sundries, £11 17s 6d ; subsidy. £39 5s. Ex penditure, £170 8s lid; of which Slim £45 5s 9d is included for bank interest and overdraft. On the motion of Mr Farquhar the same was adopted. The following gentle men were then elected for the ensuing twelve months Mr J. Symons. J.P., president. Mr Gk F. W. Marshall, J.P., Vice-president; Mr J. W. Hughes, Treasurer; Mr J. Hock ing, Secretary ; Committee-men, Messrs W. Cowling, J. Hill, Farq uhar, and T. Cock. Auditors, Messrs Bourne and Archibald. Mr J. Hocking (the Honorary secretary), was ac corded a hearty vote of thanks for his services, and the enthusiasm he had thrown iuto the work of the Institute and Museum. A similar vote to the Treasurer (Mr Hughes), and other officers was carried by acclamation. 