The Seeret of Belair CHAPTER XLII. —Continued. "After this little episode M. Henri, accompanied by your humble servant, set out for Europe for the second time ; and it was in the course of this tour that we first had the honor of meeting your ladyship and the late excellent Sir Philip. Your ladyship knows how the acquaintance began; how we all came to England together ; how my master took up his residence at Lilac Lodge; and what a great favorite lie was with Sir Philip. It was some time before this that the brilliant idea had first struck him, which he now began to elaborate care fully. Marie was shut up for life ; he himself was, to all intents and pur poses, a free man ; he would marry an heiress and make his own fortune and mine at the same time. Ah, the. beautiful scheme ! It was worthy the genius of M. Henri. The charming Mademoiselle Prederica was the object of his adoration ; and he would have married her, madame, as surely as you read these lines (and what an excellent husband ho would have made her ! for he had the good, tbA noble he"f). #on . " unhappy accident. That accident was the escape of 'La Chatte Iiouge' from the custody of the Herr Van Goost. She got into Van Goost's private room the night she went away, and ran sacked his papers till she found a letter containing M. Henri's address in England ; and in less than a month from that night she arrived at ICings- thorpe Station. She was disagreeable at first, and seemed inclined to spoil everything ; but ultimately she fell into M. Henri's views, and agreed to pass as his sister, but insisted upon being, introduced as such to his friends at Belair. With an understanding to that effect, my master left her; but to introduce this uncultured creature — 1 who required winding up with cognac every " morning, and whose manners and conversation had a coarse theatri cal tinge — as his sister to the refined and courtly Sir Philip, and to the beautiful miss who was to be his wife, was more than he could bear to do. In this emergency Antoine proved himself a useful ally. " On the third day of madame's stay at Kingsthorpe M. Henri went to fetch her away, on pretence of taking her to more comfortable apartments in a neighboring town. He drove her round by the old coast road, as being more lonely and suitable for the pur pose he had in view. Half-way along this road, in a curve of the moors, there lay perdue a covered cart, in at tendance on which were your humble ; servant and another individual, whom it is unnecessary to name. Madame was evidently distrustful of M. Henri's intentions ; and when, shortly after leaving Kingsthorpe, her nose began to bleed, her superstitious' nature at once put down that little in cident as a bad omen, and she implored him to take her back ; but he only laughed at her ridiculous fancies, as he called them, and drove on faster. When opposite the spot where we lay hidden M. Henri requested Madame to alight on the plea that something was wrong with one of the wheels of the gig. She got down and seated her self on the grass, close by the spot known as Martell's Leap. The signal agreed upon as a summons to us, who were in hiding, was a shrill whistle. The signal was so long in coming that I grew curious at last, and popped my head over a hillock to see bow affairs were progressing ; 1 when what should I see but monsieur ' . and madame struggling together like two mad people, and apparently trying which could throw the other over the / precipice. One . of them was really . mad, and that was madame, as we were not long in discovering, when we succeeded in separating them, which we did only just in time . -—another minute would have seen one or both of them tumbled from the . cliff. Madame's old malady had suddenly come back upon her as she sat there on the grass, and when M. ; Henriapproachedliershe sprang up and seized him by the throat, and swore that she would fling him over the pre- oipice. 'In the sudden surprise of such an attack I forgot everything oxcept the very proper desire I had to keep my neck unbroken,' said M. Henri, afterwards. ' I forgot entirely that a single cry for help would havo brought you two worthy fellows to my assistance ; and I believe I should have gone over the clifl' in grim silence had you nob appeared just at that last op portune moment which is always pro vided in plays and romances for the rescue of virtue in distress. It was a raving madwoman, tied tightly down among the straw ab the bottom of the light cart, that we took that evening across the moors to a certain house, where her coming as. a sano woman had been provided for. Shut up here from the world, she was at liberty to be mad or not, as pleased her best ; what would bo her ultimate fate was a question left open for future decision ; she was removed from her master's path, and M. Henri was now at liberty to act as though no such creature were in existence. " Who was the writer of the mys terious letter received by my master one night about two months after Madame Marie had been so judiciously disposed of ? That is a question which neither M. Henri nor I was over able to answer. It was a letter written under a wrong impression — written under the impression that M. Henri had committed a murder ; warning him that his crime was discovered, and that the police were on the track, and advising- him to flee while he had yet an opportunity of doing so. He did flee — not that be had committed the, crime imputed to him, but because his staying would have involved the discovery to the world of that dark secret which he had been at such pains to hide from it : and, as he afterwards confessed he lacked the courage to go through such an ordeal. His hopes were crushed at one fell blow — the, edifice which he had been po.tien'tly building for so long a time bad crumbled into ruins ab his feet ; and there was nothing left for him but to get away as quickly as possible. He lay bid in London for several weeks, and then he ventured down to Monk- shire in disguise and took up his abode for a time in the very house where his mad wife was shut up ; and there I joined him. By this time his second fortune was almost gone ; for, without being extravagant in any way, his- ex penses had been heavy, and so long as the prospect of a wealthy marriage lured him on, he hardly cared how his money went. But it was now, when the dreadful oyes of poverty were staring him in the face, that the happy genius of M. Henri showed at' its brightest. Ho conceived a brilliant scheme which, if it would prove suc cessful, would rehabilitate his broken fortunes at a single coup. You, madame, as ' the victim of that plot, are scarcely perhaps the proper personage to appreciate its brilliancy ; but I will venture to state that no disinterested person could become acquainted with its details without pussing a eulogy on the daring and ingenuity with which its every step was characterised. "How we spent; time iilgUbab Doloir, your ladyship knows as well as hh who writes these lines, for your two visitors were none other than M. Henri Duplessis and Antoine Gaudin ; and the survivor of the two now craves your ladyship's pardon for the violence which the necessities of the case compelled him to resort to. We had succeeded, M. Henri and I, almost beyond our expectations : the gems which my master had on his person when we left Belair that night would, in that New World to which we were bound, have formed the nucleus of the colossal fortune which M. Henri had determined on devoting all his future energies to building up ; and that he would have succeeded, who that knew liim could gainsay 1 But for him no such bright future was ever to dawn. -We were walking across the moors on our way home when that wretch — that tigress — that fiend incarnate, who witli de vilish cunning had contrived to mako her escape, suddenly confronted iry master, who was walking a short dis tance in front of mo ; and before I had time to interfere in any way he was no longer among the living. The precise mode of his death it is needless to detail here. It is sufficient to say that the woman is his murderess ; and had I been able to reach her at the time she would not havo escaped with life. My dear master lies buried under the wild moorland : these hands dug his grave, and these eyes were the last that looked on him before the turf was laid over his head that covered him up from human ken for ever. It was better so ; all the ' inquests' in the world could not have brought him back to life for a single moment ; and lie will sleep none the worse in that he does not rest under the shadow of one of your churches. I return you the gems and other articles borrowed by M. Duplessis from your ladyship. Now that his dear master is dead, Antoine cares not to retain them. "From this narrative your ladyship will perceive how largely M. Duplessis was the vicH-i of unfortunate circum stances ; and, remembering this, you will not fail to do him justice -in your recollections. You, madame, know what he was in society — how hand some, how witty, how accomplished ; but the silver lining of his character — his goodness, his generosity, the thorough nobility of his disposition, can never, alas, bo known fully to anyone but to him who writes these lines — that is to say, madame, to your ladyship's humble and devoted ser vant, Antoine Gaudin." CHAPTER XLHI. a ghostly visitor. Gurney" Brackonridge, fleeing from the consequences of the deed ho had done, made the best of his way to London, and lay in hiding there in a low water-side tavern on the Surrey side of the river. He had nob in tended, in the first instance, to stay there more than a few days, but to get out of the country altogether as soon us he should see an opportunity of doing so in safety. But when, the fourth morning after his arrival in London, he i-ead in one of the daily- papers a long extract from a Monk- shire journal describing the finding of Jerry's body in the shut-up house — found the afternoon following the lad's death, in consequence of a statement tnade by Griggs, the cobbler, who had heard that Mrs. Winch was making anxious inquiries after her missing son — and when he read the account of the inquest, and how it had resulted in the issue of a warrant for the apprehension of .himself, he began to see that his scheme for getting out of the country, at least for some time to come, was not so entirely free from danger as he had at first imagined it would be. A minute and accurate description of his personal appearance would have al ready been sent to every large seaport in the kingdom ; and to go down to the docks in search of a vessel either at London or Liverpool would be like putting his head into the lion's den. It was true that ho had disguised him self in some measure, having shaved off his whiskers, and had his hair cut close, and altered the style of his dress ; but he had all an ignorant man's be lief in the infallibility of the police, and he felt that his disguise would Stand him in poor stead under the keen eyes of a detective in whose memory a certain paragraph in the Hue and Cky was busily fermenting. No ; he had better lie quietly by for a few weeks till something fresher and more important should have engaged the attention of the blue- coated gentry ; and then take an opportunity of dropping down the river by some night sailing steamer, bound lie hardly cared whither. He was not without funds, having brought away with him, in addition to what money of his own he had by him at the time, £120 belonging to Mrs. Winch, which had been entrusted to his hands on the preceding day for the purpose of being deposited by him in the county bank at Eastringliam, and he knew from the evidence as given in the newspaper that a charge of absconding with this money had been brought against him by the indignant widow, and that he was " wanted " by justice to answer for a double crime. Sometimes he thought that had it not been for that cursed money, which lie had put into his pocket on the impulse of the moment when coming away, he would have gone back and given him self up, and have borne the brunt of whatever charge might have been brought against him. That Jerry Winch owed his death to him he could not disprove ; but no one but himself knew the real reason why the chloro form had been administered, and it would not be difficult to trump up some plausible story to account for having made use of it, which, if credited by a jury, would soften Jerry's premature death from a crime into a mere error of judgment ; and, at the worst, they could but record a verdict of man slaughter against him, which a few months' imprisonment would expiate in full. It may, however, be doubted, whether, in any case, Brackenridge would have had the courage to take a course so apparently straightforward, because, even then, he would have had to piece together some story that would bear cross-examination to ac count for J erry's death ; and he felt himself deficient both in the audacity and invention requisite for such a course ; but now that he had taken the hundred and twenty pounds as his own, such a step was utterly out of the question. Should he be captured nothing less than a prosecution for felony awaited him. So Gurney Brackenridge lay in hiding at the dirty little water-side publicly known as the Three Fishes, situated in the heart of a frowsy and disreputable neighborhood. They were not in the habit of letting out beds at the Three Fishes, their profits being arrived at by a much readier process ; but the landlord was one of those men who cared little how he turned a penny, so long as he did turn it ; and when'the chemist, wayworn, dusty, and utterly fagged out, put the ques tion to him five minutes before closing- time one night, whether he accommo dated till morning, ho had promptly answered in the affirmative, and had at once turned his sister and two children out of their warm bed in order to accommodate this white-faced stranger. And there Brackenridge had stayed. His bedroom accommodation was of the poorest ; his meals were served up in a style very different from what ho had been accustomed to at home ; and he was waited on by a saucy, slatternly girl, whoso ears he felt a longing to box twenty times a day ; besides which both house and neighborhood were thoroughly detest able; but then — no one ever asked him any questions ; no one ever seemed to suspect his reasons for lingering there, one day after another ; every atom of that seething mass of humanity by which he was surrounded was too intent on its own bitter struggle for the needful daily crust, or too absorbed in the enjoyment of its own fierce pleasures, to heed him in any way ; and he almost felt that he was safe. "Expecting some relation from the East Indies, are you t " said the landlord one day, in reply to some mumbled ex planation from Brackenridge of his long stay at the Three Fishes. " That's all right enough, I daresay ; but you may as well understand Bob Jarvis once for all. So long as a man pays his way like a man, and ain't stuck up, I axes no questions. Whether a cove's on the square, or whether he's under a cloud, don't matter a penn'orth to me." Brackenridge began to find his life intolerably dull. Ho sent out for a newspaper every morning, which ho contrived to mako last him till his 1 o'clock dinner was brought up ; but when that was over he had no resource left but to smoke and sleep away the long dreary afternoons, which seemed as if they would nover come to an ond. He never ventured out of doors while the faiutest glimmer of daylight lingered in the sky, but as soon as j night fairly set in, and the Three Fishes, waking up from the semi- lethargy of its daylight existence, lighted all its lamps, indoors and out, and began to grow jovial, not to say uproarious, after its own fashion, which was far from being a pleasant one, then would the forlorn chemist steal out at the back-door and tramp the frowsy streets for hours. He rarely ventured more than a mile away from the Three Fishes, but found his way back to it again and again in the course of each evening's peregrination, or rather to some point from which its lamps could be seen ; for no sooner had he left it behind him than he be came possessed by an uneasy sense of the insecurity of its existence, a dread of fire or of some other unforseen calamity overtaking it whilo he was away, which dragged him back times without number against his better sense, as it were, that he might satisfy himself with his own eyes that the crazy old building was still intact. He was not without a reason for 1 this anxiety. Behind a loose piece of slcirt- in-board at the back of his bed lay hid den away the canvas-bag contain ing the 120 sovereigns which he had brought with him from the country ; to have walked about such a neigh bourhood with such a sum of money on Lis person would have been sheer madness, and tliafc was the only place of security he could think of. The last thing every night before turning in he crept down the short street, of which the Three Fishes formed the corner house abutting on bhe main thoroughfare, to look at the river. Not that much of it could be seeu on a dark night by looking through the gateway at the bottom of the street, and so across the little disused grain- wharf; nothing, in fact, but a great patch of blackness with a fringe of fire-flies on the opposite shore. But such as it was he loved to gaze on it, no one less able than himself to explain the reason why, and when tho tide ran high and the wind was at all rough he could bear the melancholy plish-plash of the water against the stone lip of the wharf, and it was a sound that drove him back to his room with a chilled heart and dim forebodings of coming ill ; but none the less would he go down to the wharf on the following night and strain his eyes into the darkness and listen as though he were expecting the coming of some grim boatman, with whom he had an ap pointment that must not. be broken. Yes, Gurney Brackenridge began to find the life he was leading intoler ably dull. No wonder, then, that ho began to look to his old friend, the brandy bottle, for solace and com panionship. Under the wing of this trusty friend he could forget half his troubles, or afford to view them with as much equanimity as though they were the property of someone else; so, little by little, the alluring habit grew upon him, and day by day his powor of resistance grew weaker. The landlord of the Three Fishes made no difficulty about procuring as much French brandy' as his lodger asked for, so long as his privilege of a hundred per cent, profit was not objected to. One evening, while rambling about, Brackenridge got wet through, and took a severe cold; and after that time he lay in bed almost day and night, drinking more than ever, and rarely going outside the house, except now and then to steal down the street, and gaze through the bars for a minute or two at the river, and then creep back with a shiver to his cheer less room. He slept so much in the daytime now that he could no longer rest soundly at night, and his pillow was often haunted by frightful dreams, from which he would wake up in an agony so intense us made him dread the thought of ever going to sleoo again. As each morning came round, he told himself that it should be the last of his stay at the Three Fishes ; that on the following day he would go down to the docks and secure a berth on board the first ship he could find that was about to sail at once for a foreign port, no matter whither. Surely sufficient time had now elapsed for his little affair to be buried under the pressure of other and more imme diate interests, and such a step as he contemplated could no longer be at tended with much danger. Yea, he would go and look for a ship next morning without fail, and get out of this cursed country as quickly as pos sible. But when next morning came, bringing with it a nasty headache, and a feeling of languor and utter distaste for exertion of any kind, the soul of his resolution had vanished ; and after refreshing himself in some measure with a volley or two of curses, invoked on his own head for his own laziness and lack of purpose, he would make another appointment with -himself for the following morning, which would be broken in turn. " I call him the Bottle Conjuror," said the landlord to his wife one night, in allusion to their lodger. " He has an almighty swallow, and no mistake. And so quiet as he is over it all j No noise, no blether. I like a fellow that oan take his tipple without rowing." Waking up one night from an ugly dream, Brackenridge started up in bed, and gazed fearfully round, as though half expecting to see some of the horrid shapes with which his sleep had been crowded. With a sigh of relief he re cognised where he was; and scrambling out of bed he lighted another candle in addition to the one that was already burning, and mended his fire, and put on a few articles of dress, and drow his- ehair up to the blaze, and poured him self out a tumbler of brandy, and sat down to mako himself as comfortable as possible till morning. His daylight slumbers were rarely troubled with bad dreams; and after this last experience he determined within himself that ho would turn day into night in future, and go to bed no more during tho dark hours. Ho heard a distant olock strike, and looking at his watch he found that it was two houi's past midnight. How quiet everything was 1 AU the world but himself seemed to bo asleep. He would havo liked just now to go down and have a peep at the black river ; but it would never do to disturb the household' at such an untimely hour. Suddenly he started, and gazed' over his shoulder with straining eyes. Was there not somebody outside trying the casement? But next moment he laughed aloud to think what a timorous fool he was. " I ought to know by this time," he muttered, "that it's only that blustering old Boreas m want of a night's lodging somewhere. I shall be frightened at my own shadow next." With that lie took a long pull at the tumbler of brandy ; and then with his slippered feet resting on the fender, and half crouching over the fire, he fell to brooding darkly over his past life, more especially over that string of strange events which had ended by landing him, a skulking thief, at the hostelry of tho Three Fishes. — -More brandy, or be should go mad. — A long pull and a strong pull. — Why, he was better already, and could afford to snap his fingers at Black Care, and at the troop of demons that dog his heels and dance with red-hot feet on the brains of poor sinners. Elixir of life truly, to work such a sudden change in the miserable wretch of a few minutes ago I There were cakes and ale in store yet, even for such as he ; and the world was a devilish pleasant place to live in. Another hour striking by the dis tant clock. " One — two — three. The Miller of Dee so jolly was he,- he cared for nobody, no, not Le.'< " Come in." He had beard no noise of footsteps on' the stairs, but there was certainly a knock at his room- door. " J erry Winch !-' He almost screamed the words as be started up from his chair, and pressed his fingers to his burning eyeballs for a moment, as if to shut out the dread apparition which his diseased imagination' had conjured up. But it was still there when he looked again; so he took the half-emptied bottle in his hnnd and drained a draught that would have scorched the vitals of anyone less case- hardened than himself. " That's better,' he muttered. " " I don't care a now for - all the ghosts in the world." There was a wild glare of defiance in his bloodshot eyes, and his hands shook, like those of a man stricken with palsy as he waved his arm for the phantom to enter. " Curse you, why don't you come in 1" he exclaimed. " Don't . stand there, staring at me with those dead man's eyes. Shut the door after you, and take that chair. No nearer, if you please, or else I must draw back ; ghosts ain't pleasant companions at close quarters. You look awfully cold. — You always are cold now, and I shall be the same when I'm like you I By Jove 1 though, I say, that's serious ; especially for a fellow like me, that never could stand cold. And, I > say, J erry, my buck, why do you have your jaw tied up with that white cloth ? It ain't nice ; there's a church yard flavor about it that I can't stomach. What do you say ? It's the custom of the country where you are now for jaws to be tied up in that fashion. Then it's a custom that ought to be abolished. Ughl it makes me feel as if my veins were full of worms, to looolc at you. While you are here, Jerry, I may as well tell you that what happened to you at my house was quite accidental — it wasn't intended, on my soul ; and I hope you bear no malice. You don't? That's kind — that's good of you. I daresay, now, that unsubstantial fellows like you have conceit enough to fancy that they know a heap of things ; but I'd wager my two ears that you can't tell me where I shall be and what I shall be doing 12 hours from this time. What do you say ? I shall be down by Deptford Creek 1 That's a lie, any how ; I shall be doing nothing of the sort. But never mind, my young romkneer ; go ahead and tell me what I shall be doing down by Deptford Creek to-morrow afternoon. . You shake your head ; you' won't answer, I thought that would be a poser for you. Come, now, I'll put my question another way. How shall I go down to Deptford Creek to-morrow after noon 1 By water, do you say ? You are a liar, J erry ; but never mind ; tell me what will happen when I get down to the creek ? There will be a crowd of people, and two men will hook a body from among the mud and piles, and nobody there will know whose it is — is that what I understand you to say? Very interesting, cer tainly ; only I don't quite see in what way it concerns me. I must have another nip of brandy, to take the taste of your last remark out of my mouth. A drowned body ! Faugh 1 let's talk of something else. You must be going, do you say ? With all my heart, for it is rather late, you know. Next time you pay me a visit, come at a more seasonable hour — by daylight, if possible. And I say, Jerry, do leave off wearing that white cloth round your face; and there's a cold fishy look about your eyes that Ilon't like ; and there's a bluish tinge about your complexion that I don't remember to have noticed before. Do, my dear fellow, pay a little more attention to your appear ance. You want me to go with you, do you say? Much obliged, but I'd rather stay where I am. There's some thing outside you want to show me ? What, in tho fiend's name, can there be outside worth my going to look at, at this time of the night ? Oh, you won't stir, won't you, unless I'll go a bit of the way with you ? You're an | infernal old nuisance, jerry, to say so ; ! and I shan't fret if I don't see your ; ugly phiz again for a blue moori. I supposo I must do as you, want me, or I shall never got rid of you ; so stayb at once.'' (TO BE CONTINUED, j 