SCIENTIFIC. SCIENCE OF THE DAY. TBt a B.Sc. I Dr. Tylor, at the British Association, read an importantpaper on " The Limits of Savage .Religion." He says that it has become dear by the enquiries of anthropologists that the world-famous Great Spirit of the North American Indians arose from the teachings of the Jesuit missionaries in Canada early in the seventeenth century. This and analogous names for a Supreme Deity previously un known to the natives have since spread over North America, and got amalgamated with the real native beliefs and ceremonies in a most complicated manner. Dr. Tylor then goes on to analyse the causes of the almost universal attributing to savage races of religious be liefs which they never possessed. These are: — Direct adoption from civilized teachers, _ the exaggeration of genuine native deities of a lower order into a god or devil, and the conversion of native words de noting a whole class of minor spiritual beings such aB ghosts or demons into individual names, alleged to bo those of a supreme God or a rival deviL These opinions of Dr. Tylor have been held for some time by the most enlightened anthropologists, but it is a good thing that he has given definite popular expression to them, for people have long enough been under delusions as to savage religion. Much of onr information about the religion of savage races is furnished by people who did not know tbeir language, and bow they were to get a definite idea of a vague re ligion under these circumstances is hard to imagine; much more has been furnished by missionaries who had really learned the lan guage hut who had a religion of their own to teach, and so unconsciously in their enquiries put leading questions' about things the poor savage has no grasp of, and to which he returned the easiest answer. To reWlize the force of Dr. Tylor's warning one has only to look up the hopeless jumble that has been put on record as the religion of the Australian aboriginals. Of course on the other hand there are many skilled and sympathetic enquirers who have given an accurate state ment of the superstitions of the peoples they have worked amongst, but they constitute only a small fraction of those who have written on savage religion. Recent investigations have shown that in the leaves of plants there is a ferment very similar to that which exists in the saliva of animals and helps in the conversion of in soluble starch into soluble sugar. Such a ferment is very necessary to the plant to enable it to distribute the Btarcli formed in the leaves under the action of sunlight to other parts of the plant which require nourishment, but cannot make it for them selves. It is interesting to leam that even in the minute pollen grain there is a small supply of. this saliva-like ferment to convert its granules of starch into sugar when the pollen grain in fertilizing a flower has to throw out a tube, and has to supply soluble nourishment for it during its growth. In connection with water-boring operations in Australia, a report by a United States Irrigation Commissioner on what has been achieved in Algeria by means of artesian wells is interesting. He claims that Algeria fur nishes the moBt remarkable instance of recla mation of desert land by well water. Since 1857 when operations were commenced under the French 13,000 wells bavo been bored to depths between 70 and 400 feet, and on the average yield water at a pressure that brings it to 2 feet above the surface. By their means 12,000,000 acres have been reclaimed and planted with the vine, date palm, and millet, and already Algeria has been made a great wine country. The remarkable liquid compound of nickel and carbonic oxide, which was discovered a short time ago, and excited much purely chemical interest, promises already to become of immediate industrial utility; for it is found that bodies can becoated with nickel by simply exposing them to the vapour of the liquid, or more simply still by merely painting with a solution ot the liquid in benzine or petroleum. The prooess of really nickel-plating bodies by merely'painting thorn will be a great stride as regards the convenience of the public iu advance of thB method of electro-deposition which has to be carried out in special works under men with special technical training. It only remains to make the manufacture of the new compound cheap enough, and that is only a matter of a little time. 