OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. lS*rom on Special Oor^gpobdent.) London, November 28, 1890. The political crisis has been the all absorbing topic everywhere—even in Anglo-Colonial circles—throughout the week, and it is well-nigh impossible to get either Agents-General, or lesser folk, to talk of anything else. At the clubs political feeling runs higher than I ever remember it, the bitterness of the moderate Liberals against the Irish party (long slowly growing), being more loudly expressed. "Barely two months ago we should have won a general election hands down" is the angry moan "and now we have not the ghost of a chance. Besides destroying the cause of Home Rule, Parnell has let us in for another seven years of Tory coercion." An Australian, I see, writes to the papers to say that Mr. Parnell is known in your part of the world as a successful dramatist—a play called "Shamrock Green," alleged to be by him, having made quite a hit in the smaller towns of Victoria, South Australia, and New South Wales. Unfortunately Mr. Campbell (Mr. Parnell's secretary) when questioned as to the authenticity of this precious pro- duction grimly laughed. "Mr. Parnell," he said, "has doubtless been indiscreet in his time, but I think I may take upon myself to say he was never such a fool as to voluntarily assooiate his name with what appears to be a fourth-rate melo- drama." The Agents-General meet next Tuesday to discuss the advisability of holding a Mining Exhibition on a proper scale in connection with the opening of the Im- perial Institute in 1892. The idea is strongly favored by Sir Chas. Tupper (at whose office the meeting will be held), but your Agent-General and Sir Saul Samuel seem doubtful whether the colonial Governments will care to put their hands into their pockets again so soon for this purpose after the Crystal Palace fiasco. Dr. Anderson Stuart, whose medi- cal diploma has, on the precedent of Professor Allen, of Melbourne, been duly recognised by the authorities of London University, goes to Berlin forthwith to study the Koch cure. It is also likely he will represent South Australia, for which colony lymph has already been secured. Professional interest in the discovery increases daily, and every scrap of in- formation concerning the alleged cures and partial cures is eagerly examined. An English physician points out that Dr. Koch's discovery should deal a heavy blow to the anti-viv- sectionists, for the discovery has been made by means of vivisection. It will not only furnish an unanswerable vindica- tion of the value of that method of inves- tigation, but will probably lead to a de- mand on the part of English pathologists for some relaxation of the restrictions which at present hamper them as com- pared with their Continental colleagues, Pasteur and Koch! France and Ger- many are leaving England behind. There is another point worth noting. Dr. Koch had no sooner finished with his guineapigs and expressed a wish for human subjects than hundreds hastened to offer themselves. It is true they came voluntarily and for their own good; but they are liberally submitting themselves to vivisection experiments, and showing that, in this case at least, men are willing to undergo the same pains which they inflict on others. Mr. and Mrs. Duncan and family leave to-day by the Carthage for Adelaide. Mr. Downer and Mr. and Mrs. Hornabrook also return shortly. The first step in the direction of con- necting Canada and Australia has, Sir Chas. Tupper informs me, been taken. The Dominion Government have con- cluded with a powerful company at Barrow, of which Lord Hartington is chairman, a contract for a 20-knot Atlantic mail line from Plymouth to Halifax or Quebec. A handsome subsidy will be paid for this, and will be borne by Canada alone. The Dominion Government are willing to encourage the extension of the service from Vancouver to Australia, and will contribute £15,000 a year towards the cost; but, of course, this will be on con- dition the Australians rally to the support of the new line, and contribute, say, £40,000 annually. This would be a trifle when divided amongst them all, but there interests are too divergent in the matter of mall service to make the proposed arrangement easy. It is proposed that Moreton Bay—i.e., Brisbane—should be the first port of call and the last of depar- ture, and the voyage, it is believed, can be easily accomplished in 35 days, and probably three or four less. But to con- vince the colonies it will be necessary to show them that the new line can eclipse the old and trusted services via Suez, and this will not be easy to do. Sir Arthur Blyth has promised to be present at a lecture given by the Rev. Isidore Myers, B. A.—described as "an Aus- tralian elocutionist of repute"—on "The Talmud" at Prince's Hall on Thursday next. Mr. Myers is a protegée of Dr. Moorhouse, who bears testimony to the young man's ability in a cordial letter which has been published. Mr. D'Arcy, of Mount Morgan fame, has joined the much-talked-of Siberian expedition of Captain Wiggins. It sounds a somewhat hazardous venture. The secretary of the Anglo-Australian Society of Artists announces joyously that the society's sales of English pictures in the colonies amount to £5,000. He says nothing, however, about the sales of Aus- tralian pictures in England. Colonial artists, I understand, complain bitterly that when they joined Mr. Ayerst Ingram in promoting the society they were assured the interchange of pictures for sale and exhibition would be mutual. It now seems, however, as though they had assisted to spoil their own market without getting anything in return. The officers of the Lusltania appear to be of opinion that the unfortunate Miss B. McKnight who, as I told you last week, committed suicide by jumping overboard in the Red Sea, was snapped up by a shark. Though blue lights were instantly displayed and the sea illumined the un- happy girl was never seen again, and this seems inexplicable otherwise. Miss McKnight was on her way home to be married, and there are reasons for sup- posing that—as so often happens—she changed her mind en route. Love trouble and Red Sea heat combined are quite suf- ficient to unhinge any ordinary girl's reason. The German-Australian Steamship Company find the service pay so well that they intend dispatching a steamer to the colonies once every three weeks instead of monthly. The splendid new vessel which the Messageries Maritimes have built for their Australian service has been named the Polynésien. She is sister ship to the Austrelien, but will, from her official trials, attain an even greater speed. The Polynésien sails on her maiden voyage on January 5. The Messageries have two other packets, the Malaisien and Tas- mainien, on the stocks for this line. They mean to make a strong bid for a large slice of the passenger trade. The following facts from Fairplay should be carefully noted by shippers of wool:—Of all the wool steamers, other than the mail boats, that left Australia for the November wool sales, viz.—Chemnitz, 2nd October; Port Adelaide, 9th; Gulf of Venice, 9th; Murrumbidgee, 11th; Damascus, 11th; Tartar, 12th; Port Denison, 15th—aggregating about 70,000 bales, it appears that only the Murrum- bidgee and Damascus have arrived in time to save the sales. All the wools of the other steamers will therefore, have to be kept over for the January auctions. A deputation of colonists anxious for the separation of North Queensland will interview Lord Knutsford on the 10th inst., introduced by the Hon. Harold Finch Hatton. This is a movement which gets "forrarder" about as fast as the Deceased Wife's Sister Marriage Bill. Years ago Dr. Ahearne came home to push the North Qneenslanders' views, and—re- turned. Then some other fellow paid us a visit for the same purpose, and—re- turned. Now, I believe, the Hon. Harold Finch Hatton is retained as sort of permanent professional advocate for the cause. Occasionally something (a meeting or perhaps a deputation) is got up, but much progress has not really been made. The agitation lacks backbone. The new Anglo-Colonial journal, Greater Britain, is a harmless conven- tional publication, entirely without origin- ality. A much more important venture is in embryo. In the course of Buchanan v. Langtry the Jersey Lily was cross-examined re her refusal of Haddon Chambers's "The Idler," since successful in New York. She said she liked the play, and commis- sioned Mr. Chambers to write up her part. This the young Australian did with such good will as to spoil the piece. The woman's part completely overshadowed the rest; ia fact, was out of proportion. Witness consequently declined to produce it. The National Conservative Club paid Sir Chas. Lilley (Chief Justice of Queens- land) the compliment of placing his name on their list of members without asking his permission. They have now been politely requested to withdraw it. Sir Charles avows himself neither Liberal nor Conservative, but an "Australian na- tionalist, who believes in the future absolute independence of his country, under no crown or coronet, but under a Government of her people, by her people, for her people." The following extract from the Referee will show that Mr. Eden Savill is an ob- servant man, and has not studied English racig methods without learning a thing or two. "Pendragon" says:—Twelve months ago to the day, reckoning by the Jockey Club calendar, the owner of Ringmaster said to me as Fallow Chat passed the post winner of the Manchester November Handicap, "All the rest of the jockeys (meaning of course riders of defeated horses) went mad. Fallow Chat was steered by a sensible man, just as if he was riding to the clock." Whether Mr. Savill was correct in his so sweeping assertion maybe open to argument. That, considering the state of the ground and the distance to be covered from start to finish, he was dead on the nail in denounc- ing the folly of racing for the lead which we saw illustrated—I might almost write exaggerated—on that occasion, I must fully admit. Fallow Chat was allowed to go comfortably for a long way, and not asked to race right off—and won. To-day, when the field turned out, I remembered the Anglo-Australian lecture, and says I to a friend, says I, "I expect to see Ringmaster, who has too much weight, ridden to the clock." "Madness," says he, "madness-stark, staring madness!" "Well," says I, "I'll chance a double. I'll bet you a bottle that the little horse" —he is under galloway height in his shoes and not stretched out—"is a hundred yards behind the leader on the far stretch, and after all finishes in the first six." Which I won my bottle. Very likely indeed, if slightly varied tactics had been employed, and the First King's old son been sent to catch the front rank earlier in the straight, he would have won right out. He had more than a hundred yards to pick up, but at the finish he was going three yards to anything else's two—a big thing to say of a 14.3½ galloway carrying the third highest weight in such a handi- cap. Mr. H. H. Vincent, described as "a well-known actor at the Antipodes," made his debut in London at the Criterion Theatre last night as Max Harkaway in "London Assurance." Wyndham is of course Dazzle; Arthur Bourchler plays Charles Courtley; Giddens, Dolly Spanker; Mrs. Bernard Beere, Lady Ga ; and Mlsa Mary Moore, the heroine. Mr. Luscombe Searelle, who is now on his way to your part of the world, was in- terviewed before leaving by Mr. Chapman ("Ithuriel") for London. It seems Mr. Searelle lost nothing through the failure of "The Black Rover," as it was against his judgment the piece was produced. He himself swore by "Bobadil," which ran 90 nights in Melbourne, and would, he felt sure, hit the mark likewise in London. Mr. Geo. Paget, however, preferred "The Black Rover," and a very costly pre- ference it proved. Mr. Searelle visits Australia mainly for the purpose of see- ing his aged parents, and returns to pro- duce "Bobadil" at the Globe in March. The Scots Observer, which this week drops the Gallic prefix for that of National, has several Australian, or rather Aus- tralasian, journalists on its staff, and intends devoting occasional articles to Anglo-Colonial as well as Anglo-Indian topics. The current issue contains a thoughtful article on "The Labor Problem in Australia," in which the course of the late strike is traced for the benefit of the uncomprehending at home. The author describes the policy of the colonial Governments, and the attitude of the press and the public towards the strikers. "Labor," says the writer, "was handicapped by the number of out- casts, and social failures who hung on to its skirts, and by the frothy Irishmen who there, as in America, control the trades' organisations. It was discredited by the excesses of the 'sundowners'—the swags- men—up country, and of the larrikins and unemployed in town. Capital, while less encumbered, was at least as vigorous, which is only what might be expected in a community where natural selection alone has produced capitalists, and that very recently. In Sydney the squatters drove their lorries themselves; and the city turned out to see the stalwart frock- coated gentlemen, unperturbed and cigar in mouth, steering their piled-up bales, their year's clip, down to the quay. In Melbourne the university students and the members of one of the chief rowing clubs volunteered to do duty as gas- stokers. Special con- stables from all classes were in plenty. The Anglo-Saxon is always particularly pleased with the opportunity of cracking somebody's skull, not only with impunity but even with the approbation of society. There is no fear of our middle classes, in the colonies or at home, shrinking like the bourgeoisie across the Channel from a con- flict with anarchy in the streets. The up- country rifles—one regiment of which, from Ballarat, was lately reported by an Imperial officer to be the finest regiment of mounted Infantry in the world—were as eager in the cause of order as was the American militia of Illinois a few years since to come to blows with the Chicago rioters. In one instance, indeed, the zeal of an amateur colonel carried him so far as to induce him to advise his men 'if they did fire, to fire low, and lay them out,' a varia lectio of the Queen's regulations which is still occupying the attention of the Cabinet. With all this energy arrayed against it; with a determination on the part of capital at least equal to that of the men, and superior resources; with order maintained severely and impartially, or perhaps with a judicious leaning against the party from which excesses were to be feared—it is not difficult (after the event) to see why the strike failed. We may pick a lesson or two out of the struggle for ourselves, but we need not fear for Australia. The principles of State So- cialism are very widely diffused, but the possession of property is a great sedative. The colonies have not seen the end of their labor struggles; but society is probably at least as stable there as here." 