WIT AND HUMPH. GENERALITIES. M There is something inexplicable about the mental make-up of a woman," said Fitzbrown to a female acquaintance. " She's utterly unable to handle a horae, and yet she drives her husband about as though he were a baby." «Ah, but you forget," said the lady, " the horse is an intelligent animal." She—" It is useless to urge me to marry you. When I say no, I mean no." He—" Always ?" She—" Invariably." He—" And can nothing change your determination when you once make tip your mind?" She—« Absolutely nothiDg. He—" Well, I wouldn't care to marry a woman like that, anyhow." Clerk—" Here are a lot of goods for Mr. Smith ought to be sent out to-day." Proprietor—" Can't do it. Too many orders ahead." Clerk—" They are not for.'tbe Mr. Smith who pays cash, but the Mr. Smith who has an account here—Rood deal overdue, too." Proprietor—"Oh ! hire an extra team and take them out." " What is that," said an Oriental ruler at his banquet, " which did not come last year, has not come this year, and will not come next year ?" An officer, unabashed, replied— " It must surely be our beck pay." Instead of being punished for his humor the man received what wis due him and was promoted to a higher position. Mudge—" I was around to a spiritualistic seance last night. An alleged ghost shook hands with me and claimed to be Thacksbv— you remember Thackeby, I suppose. He told ine a great many things that astonished me, but I am certain it was not Thacksby." Yabsley—" How do you know V' Mudge— " He did not try to borrow a sixpence." A clerical tramp, one of the begging-letter Pecksniffs so often met with in London, called at Spurgeon'a house, but refused to give his name. " Say, it you please," said the tramp, with turned-up eyes, " a servant of Christ asks for a few moments of his precious time." The butler came back immediately with the reply—" Mr. Spurgeon requests me to say that he is occupied with your master." A man who was preparing a series of recipes p for a cookery book engaged the services of a celebrated chef as critic and reviser of his work. One day he submitted to the chef a recipe for lemon pie which ended with the direction, "Then sit on the stove and stir constantly." The chef twirled his thumbs and said, "It strikes me that's rather a useless direction, for if you sit on the stove you're bound to stir constantly." Wife—"I am going to economise in our household, George." Husband—" Why, you prudent little soul, how?" "I am going to discharge our servant, and get an older person." " Well, that will be no good ; the older one will demand just as much wages." Wife (looking at him straight)—" Very likely, Mr. Btown, but you won't need to give her halfcrowns ; and what kisses you want you may have from me—me, air." A funny paper baB this neat little story pictured out:—" A hunter went out to hunt. At the same time a bear went out to eat The hunter saw the bear. Quoth the hunter— 'Ah, there's my fur overcoat.' He fired. The bear jumped behind a tree and was not hurt. Quoth the bear—' Ah, there's my Equate meal.' Whereupon the bear ate the banter; Ergo (by the mutual arrangement), the hunter got his for overcoat and the bear his square meal." A gentleman lent a horse to a friend who in a very indifferent performer in the saddle, and who having climbed to bis seat promptly ceased to remain. He was picked up by the groom, who is really devoted to his master's horses and at the same time doea sot quite approve of that master's generous habit of giving mounts to friends who eaunot exercise the elementary function of sticking on. " That will please the old 'orse, sir !" the groom exclaimed with delight, a little obvious of the condition of his master's defeated friend. " He does go well, sir, when he's been a bit euccessfal i' 1 . A mild-mannered young man, with a keen sense of the verities, was congratulated last week upon a small but appreciable addition to his family* He responded courteously to the usual solicitous enquires, and accepted all congratulations in a spirit of gentle dignity. One friend, more inquisitive than the rest, asked— " Well, old fellow, how doBB the babby look 1" " How does he look V repeated the happy father, with a never-tbought-of- tbat-before expression in his face. " Well, now that I am called upon for an off-hand description, I should say that he looks like a little pug dog with its face painted red." Ex- Governor Cornell, of New York, tells a good story at his own expense. It seems that when in office at Albany he would sometimes return home late at night, after his wife had retired, and, when she asked him what time it was, would answer, " Abcut twelve," or " A little after midnight." Ooe evening, instead of making the enquiry, she eaid—" AloeZD, I wish you would stop that clock; I cannot, deep for its noise!" All unsuspicious, he stopped the pendulum. In the morning while dreesing Mis. Cornell esquired artlessly—'"Ob, by the "way, what time did you get home ?" "About midnight," replied the Governor. " Aloceo, look at thatWjlockT' The bands of the clock pointed to 2 The Governor WBB crushi " Fa Olhto in's Victory 