A VISIT TO A BLACK WATTLE DISTRICT IN VICTORIA. [By J. A. F.] I formerly lived several years in the Geeloug district, and after an absence of a quarter of a century I lately paid the old place a visit. I was quite staggered to find to how great a degree of importance the wattle-bark industry had attained, and what a revolution it had created in the fortunes of the land-holding population. I landed at Queenscliffe from the pleasure steamer Hygeia, but as I arrived before my letter of notice no one was there to meet me; but that was more of an advantage than other wise, as I had leisure to look about me. In going through the town a strange feeling came over me—a feeling which clung to me more or less during my stay in tho locality. I felt as if my return after so many years was like that of the ghost of some one long dead permitted for a time to revisit the scenes wherein he acted his little part while in the flesh. Not one house could I recognise, not a sign board showed a familiar name. Many of the ale I met had uot been born when before I these streets and lanes, and everything was new. The old time had vanished, leaving not a trace behind. The people stared at the stranger, who neither wanted lodgings nor a cab, and who know where he was going. Pushing westward, I was soon in the country, and beyond their attentions. Running along the ocean shore to the Barwon Heads, but separated from it by a range of high sandhills, there is a flat just above sea level. It is about , half a mile wide, and is remarkable for the fact that it is fertile, while the country further back is barren. I was struck with the appear ance of wealth and comfort in the homesteads. It was plain to be seen money was not scarce. I saw some very expensive fences, constructed of timber not grown within many miles of the (place. Sheds and stables were all substantially built, and roofed with iron. Wire-netting (for the terrible rabbit is multitudinous hare) was freely used and secured to sawn timber. On a little rise I passed a grove of sheaoaks, and one tree of a species of acacia whose name I do not know. It is large, with drooping leaves, and bearing beautiful blossoms of the colour of burnished copper. It is stripped for the market, but the merchants do not like the bark. It passes, : however, with that of the black wattle if mixed together. The sheaoaks are not quite tbe same as those of South Australia; the leaves are shorter, with less droop. I pass on out of this fertile flat on to the rising ground inland, and find myself among the wattles at once. I notice that not only are they barked, but they are also cut up into firewood. I pass one paddock whose owner so values his wattles that, he has notices posted up threatening trespassers with the penalties of the law. Tbe wattle land consists of sand with just.enough clay to bind it. Beneath this is a subsoil of yellow elav of great depth. Both soil and subsoil are very ' barrel in an agricultural sense, and will grow nothing without manure. There is certainly a good growth of grass on the land, but it is coarse and is poor fodder. Milch cows and nursing mares must be fed with chaff and oats or their equivalent, or they will in a. verf short time become so poor that..they can scarcely drag themselves along. The fault with the land is a groat lack of phosphates. The behaviour of the cattle shows this. Not only do they chew bones, but clothing,. old bags, old rope, &o.; are eagerly hunted up. A woman cannot bail up a cow without a stick in her hand. I have seen a oow tear a woman's apron off while being driven to the milking bail, and another time I saw a oow come up behind an old Irishman; who was sitting on a fence with liis coat-tail drooping gracefully behind him, and catching her mouthful, she gave a great duck, and brought Faddy to the ground on the broad of his back. The subsequent proceedings and the language used may be imagined. Men working in the field must hang their coats high, or they will never see them again. • I remember one young fellow going home to dinner and leaving his waistcoat in the fork of a honeysuckle, and, as he thought, out of the reach of anything four ooted. Coming bock he found two cows just finishing his garment, and smelling round fur ragments. One of them had just spat his watch out—not before chewing it somewhat— but bis albert chain he never saw again. Though I formerly knew every aore of the country about here, yet the changes are so many that I do not find my way so easily as I had thought. I ' take he right turn-off, however, and am soon close to my destination. The houses I used to know are gone. I may here eay that during my stay in the district I did not find one house standing that was in existence twenty-five years ago, but better ones are in their places. The roads and lanes, however, remain, and I identify the old places in spite of their new surroundings. The strange feeling that I am playing ghost grows stronger than ever within me as I pass spots where once familiar dwell ings svood, ana of which not a vestige remains, and on whose siteB the all important wattle flourishes. At last I stand before my old home—or rather the house built on its site— for it, like all its companions, is gone. They do not Bee the prodigal afar off; there is no running to meet him, so I open the gate and walk up through the apple-trees to the door. My voice raised in explanation to the somewhat deaf old lady whom 1 encounter, and who fails to recognise me, at once brings a young sister from some remote part of the house, and a muscular young brother—toddlers both whpn lost I saw them—comes out from the thioket of apple foliage, and they both declare that they recognised him from his family likeness to another brother's. There is great shaking of hands, and questions fall thick and fast. They do not kill the fatted calf, but some excelleut beefsteak is cooked for the occasion, and the choicest apples are culled for me. Next morning I walked over to see an old friend, who had developed into a wattle-master of some importance. He showed me his stock, including a huge Berkshire boar and a fine Alderney bull; also his orchard, patches of sorghum, &c.;, but all theso things were as nothing beside the wattle. In reply to my questions, he said he did nothing for the wattles—they grew themselves. "Oh, yes, " the they arethe better for beingfenoed off, but they did very weIllefttoshiftforthemBelvc8. Babbits did not interfere with them, but were nuisance enough with regard to tno spots he cultivated." " What is the value of land here; not its boom value, but its value as wattle land?" 1 asked. " Well, £7 or £8 an acre. I would not sell any of mine at £8, but I am open to buy at £7.'" "Why, it can never pay to cultivate this poor land, and it at that price 1" I exclaimed. " Neither it does," he replied: " I only crop as far as my stable manure goes. It takes a heavy dose of bonedust to raise a crop here. I buy oats and hay; the wattles pay for everything. " Do the cattle here eat cloth ing and old bags as they did in days of yore?" "My word! Just take off your coatanahang it on the fence there near the bull if you want your doubts resolved." I was willing to take my friend's word, however, and leavmg him I hurried back, as I had made an appoint ment with my father to visit with him a fertile tract of land a few miles away as I wished very much to see the onion har vest, which was then at that place drawing to a close. I found the horse in the wagonette, and we started at once. A turn to the left, and we reach a main road running north, which we take. The first paddock to bur left is as full of well-crown wattles as it can well be, yet we can hear the sound of axes cut ling up the barked poles into short lengths for firewood. Nothing is wasted ; even the twigs aTe boiled down for the tan liquor. The resi dents admit their indebtedness to South Aus tralia for this idea. The paddock on our right is tolerably clear of wattles, but there is a thick stubble of stumps. I am surprised at the number of houses and the abundance of human life. Can nil theBe people live on the wattle industry? Yet, saving the carting of firewood—always a miserable game—and the onions grown a few miles further over, there is no other source of income. Twenty-five years ago I left this district with many other young men because a living could not be got from the land; plenty of holdings were abandoned unsaleable, and now it is a land of plenty. Truly this land of Australia has wonderfully recuperative powers, and we, its inhabitants, should never despair. We soon come to the gully along which ' the railway from Gceiong to Queenscliffe runs, and find ourselves out of the wattles for a short time. The soil here is a blue sand, and where not cultivated is overgrown with ferns. It will | not grow wheat without heavy doses of bone dust, but good crops of potatoes—small,'but very sound—will grow if the necessary nitrogen be fed to them. No one here has tried kainit, nor has any one that I spoke to ever heard of the article. The holdings are small; and, besides potatoes, vegetables are largely grown; but more as a saving of household expense than as a source of income. The whole of the houses are built of weatherboards with brick chimneys, as building stone would have to be brought a long distanoe, and would be very expensive. A little further on we come to tlio Wes leyan tChapel, also built of weatherboards! with the young wattles encroaching on its grounds, and even on its footpaths. I enquire of my venerable relative about the former dwellers of this part, all of whom I knew in the past._ Most of them are gone, he tells me, but a sprinkling remain, and are now well off. I enquire about a certain pretty little house' and garden, with a beautiful whitethorn, gracefully trimmed, foiling the white-curtained front windows. "The house is gone, but the thorn stands there yet. Wellcome to it directly." We do ootne to it directly, grown bigger, of course, but all its grace ana beauty gone, and the young wattles throttling it like weeds. As for the house, not even_ the outlines of the foundation remain. A little farther and we come to a nice bit of scenery. In the days gone by the sheooak was the first tree to go. It was cut down for the sake of its fodder foliage, and also because its wood was the most saleable fuel in these parts, but here we had a section on which all the other - timber bad been cut and the sheaoaks preserved. The effect is very fine. I become more con vinced than ever that the sheaoak is not quite the same as ours* IS'ot only is the leaf shorter and more upright* but the body of the foliage is of a different form, the apex: being more pro nounced and the lateral spread less than with ours. There is another pretty tree here also that used to be very abundant but is now scarce. It is locally called " heoak," but must not be confounded with the " bulloak" of the Wimmera district nor the "blackoak" of our dry northern plains. It is somewhat between a sheaoak and a pine in appearance. Its timber is valuable for laths, as it splits straight, j and that is, no doubt, the reason of its present scarcity. We drive on, and soon the quality of : the laud improves, yet still the all-important 1 wattle prevails. The bark of course is gone, and now the wattle masters are cutting up the wood. There are stacks of it everywhere. I am surprised that there should be a market for l so much light wood. But Geelong is a big town, j and there are several townshipsof decentBizenot far away. The wattle-wood is much prized by bakers. We now reach the slopes of the Meredoc hills, and the black soil shows in patches, but no onionB yet. A fittle further all the land is black—black as any kettle. No wattles here, the land is too good—too valuable for their culture. We see patches of sorghum, and beet, and spots where peas have been grown. We pass a farmhouse, elegantly built, with extensive sheds and stables, but with only a rick of hay and no straw. They, no doubt, buy chaff and oats with their onion money. We can see the land on which the onions had been grown, but the harvest iB "home," and what is not sold is now stored away in one of those large barns. The land on our right is laid down with artificial grasses, on our left the black soil is covered with onion peel. I still hope, however, to see the process of harvesting tne omens. It is an industry that has risen to importance during my long absence from the district. When I was here last wheat was the crop, with oats and barley. Now there is no sign, 110 track of either stringbinder or stripper; and as for haystacks, they are simply conspi cuous by their absence. We now come to a number of men who are metalling the road; they have sunk deeply to get the neoessary stone. I jump out to have a look. The soil is about two feet in depth—it is a retentive clay —and then the rock is met with. It is grey in colour, very brittle, and is easily worked with the pick. I always understood the black onion land overlaid basalt, but this rock iB certainly something different. I am sorry to confess mv ignorance, but I do not know the stone; I never saw any such in South Australia. We go further, and to my delight we come to several fields of onions not yet harvested, but with men and boys hard at work. I walk over to the nearest group, consisting of one man and two boys. The man eyes me suspi ciously, no doubt taking me for a hawking fiend of some sort, but as soon as I explain that I am a brother clod from a far country, nothing could exceed his civility. " Informa tion ! Oh, yes: 111 give you as much informa tion as you can carry away with you. Well, this hero piece is going 140 bags to the acre— that's 10 tons,_ and they're worth £2 the ton at Bellcrine Station, or 35s. here as they stand. Oh, yes; that pays very well. Well, the land varies a little. This is worth about £70 an aero, but I wouldn't sell at that. Manure ? Oh, no; we don't manure the onions." "Do you grow any potatoes ?" " Oh, yes; I grew some over there. They went about 8 tons to the acre._ Yes, I give them a little bonedust; just a sniff, about 3 cwt. to the acre." I -.inwardly wonder what lie would call a sufficient application if 3 cwt. is only a "sniff." "Did you ever try potash to your potatoes?" "No, nor ever heard of anybody else that did. I know that bonedust doesn't do them much good; but it does for the next crop." My new acquaintance now thought it was his turn, and we changed places. If I was staggered with his figures, so was he with mine. and I could see that lie did not believeme when I told him we oouldmake wheatgrowing pay at 6 bushels an acre. While I am answering his questions I run my eyes over the field, and notice how the crop is gathered. The onions are pulled by hand, and laid in swaths to dry. In a few days they are ready. A boy holds tne bag open, one man fills the dishes, while the other (who may be a boy) tumbles the onions into_ the bag, In filling the dish each onion lias its withered top rubbed off before being dropped in. This means a lot of work, yet a crop worth £20 an acre will pay for work and care too. I now go back to the wagonette and we drive on, and soon pass out of the onion land; but seeing a wagon load of onions being unloaded into a shed, I again get out and walk over. I am again welcome to any information I want, and to see how the onions are stored. The shed is built of weatherboards, and roofed with palings. A bole has been made in the roof, through which the onions are tumbled out of the bags. One young fellow is in among them, building them up to the ridge pole. He is literally swimming in onions. The elder of the trio, whom I rightly guess to be the owner, in answer to my questions, tells me that his crop runs eight tons of onions to the acre, which at £2 a ton pays very well, but he is holding for a rise. I tell bim the story of the Uelalie farmer, who in the early days of that district, for three or four years, sold his wheat as sooned as reaped, only to experience the mortifioation of seeing it rise in the winter. Then he built a great barn, and held all his wheat, and for several years lost about a shilling a bushel by it. " I've done that too," said the onion-grower, " but I like to hold some." " What is the value of.the onion land 2" " Well, I've known it to bring £75, but it varies. You might get some of it for £00, certainly not less. This here is worth about £8, but of course it won't grow onions. We nearly all hold land on the flat here, the onion land is too valuable to build on." "Do you grow wheat at all?" "Oh, no—not for many years. You could not make it pay with land so dear. We do grow a hit for nay now and then, but it's risky on account of rust-" " When formerly you did grow wheat, what sort was the most rust-resisting 2" "Well I like Yellow Tuscan beEt." I bid good-by to my new acquaintance, and as we drive away I look book at the black but comely Meredoc slopes, and reflect on the Btrange ups and downs that fertile patch of land—about ten Bquare miles, I should say— Has experienced. When bought from the Go vernment I do not know, hut it was leased out to fanners about the year 1853, at the hand some rental of £1 per acre. At first the crops of wheat were enormous—forty and fifty bushels—but they soon became beautifully lesB, and, the land laws becoming liberalized, the tenants took themselves off to pastures new, and for a time some of the places were de serted and the few freeholds were unsaleable at any price. Then about tho year 1806 it was discovered that large orops of onions would grow on the black slopes and a flood of pros perity set in, and there is no sign of an ebb as yet. We drive on through the town of Bellerine, and turning round to the south make our way home again. I see nothing fresh on the way, but am astonished at the large population the country supports. There are houses every where, and no euch thing as poverty about any of them. The men I see are strong, healthy, and eagerly going about their business; the women are tidy and well dressed. As for the houses, though I don't care much for weather board as a building material, yet they are roomy and comfortable, and many of them elegant. Water is conserved in tanks and dams as springs are scarce, but as the rainfall averages about 26 inches, and as there is nearly always a good fall or two in the summer, a scarcity of the precious fluid seldom occurs. The next day I had to go hack to Melbourne, but took a run in the morning with my brother over the neighbourhood. We first visited the site of an orchard and vineyard in which I had worked in the far-away times of my youth. The house, yards, shed, and fenoing had vanished, and we could only fix the site by a little dam. It was indescribably sad to stand on the grave of a former life, and the strange uncanny feeling that I was ^ placing ghost. again rose up within me, "Where are all those splendid damson - trees?" I asked. "Where are the vines?" "Gone—all gone. There is an old apple-tree in that bunch of wattles—that is all that is left." I went over to the spot indicated, and there indeed was a well-grown old tree, but in a dying state. Who would plant trees after my experience? All around the poor old thing the wattles crowded—a magnificent thicket. There were several silver wattles among their black-barked cousinB. This is, in my opinion, one of the most beautiful trees in the world. It is not the silver wattle of South Australia, nor anything like it. The leaf is very little bigger than a pin's head, and they crowd together in grace fully formed spikes. The bark is not so good as that of the blaok wattle, but they are barked together, notwithstanding the protests of the merchants. The blossoms are white, but not over pretty. There is another acacia that grows in these parts, but only on the most bar ren places—a little miserable blotched thing of a foot in height, which in the proper season throws out a few blossoms of transcendent beauty, frost is not whiter, nor burnished Bilver more lustrouB than its dainty flowers, I desired to see another such site of a ruined vineyard and orchard, and my brother led me through the scrub of wattles to where two exotic pinetrees stood without the least sign that ever the ground around them had been cultivated. "These are the two pines that stood at Old H.'s gate. Dont you re member them?" It was the same story —house, trees, vines, gone with a clean sweep, all we could find was a blackberry bush, but the irrepressible black wattle was thriving on the ruins of the fruit plants, and substantial wealth was growing out of desola tion. My ramble over, we got into the wagonette and drive to Queenscliife, On the way, the site of another old vineyard is shown me. It is now laid down in artificial grasses, the soil being fertile, but all that remains of its former state is an alder bush in the fence. We arrive at Queenscliife Pier in good time, and soon I part from those with whom I fain would have remained, and the swift Hygeia bears me away to the crowded streets of mar vellous Melbourne. 1 confess that I am very much impressed with the importance of the wattle-bark in dustry. I know there are parts of South Austialia where it thrives as well, if not better, than in Victoria, but the ques tion is, can it be extended? Hitherto wattles have thriven in spite of adverse conditions ; can they be successfully cultivated in places where they do not voluntarily grow ? With cultivation will they grow with a smaller rainfall than obtains in the established dis tricts ? In Kangaroo Island, Southern Yorke's Peninsula, and Port Lincoln wattles would without doubt thrive if the proper soil is selected. They like a sandy soil with a clay bottom, but I have seen them growing on deep alluvium and on other soils. I strongly advise all farmers to try a Bmall plot. If they thrive —well, very well indeed; if not, there will bo little loss. 