SPELLING BEFOltM. Salient Points of the Orthography Bill Now Before Congress. The Fiftieth Congress is considering a bill for " an amended authography," which pro idea for a simplfication of spelling. The bill prescribes that it shall take effect uopon all tme scuools of the Territories and thoe of the Dislctr of Colombia, and upon the Mili. tary and naval academies and the Indian and colored esohoole in the Territories. It declares, lurthermore, that any officer, school direotor, committee or teacher in control of any aschool deroribed in this act, who shall refuse or neglect to comply with the require mentes of toe not ehall be removed from offlie. The bill begins by enacting Shat '-the aol lowing amended orthography shall be re. ogntsed as correct." The orthography re ierred to ie grouped under the following twelve heads: Pitet: The silent e shall be dropped when phonetically neeless, as in amre, granite, eaten, rained, harken and so forth. Write eo tor re, as in theater, meter, saber and so forth. Second: Drop a from aa,haring the sound of e, as in feather, leather and so forth. Third: Drop o rom co, having the sound of e, as in jeapardy, leopards and so forth. Fourth: For o having the sound of awrite n in above (abov), dozen, some (scam), tongue (tong), and the hlake. Fifth : Drop o from on, having the sound o n, as in journal, nonrish, rough (mru), trouble, tough (tue), and the like. Sixth: Drop silent n after g, beforb a and in native English word ; drop final ue, as in gouarantse; guard, guess, guest, guilt and ao forth; apologue, eatalogus and so forth ; demagognue, pedagogue and so forth; league, haranuge, tongue (tng), and so forth. Seventh; Double consonants shall be sim. plified. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, , e1, , as in ebb, add, egg, inn, purr, btt, bailiff, dull b, buzzandso Medial before another consonant, as oat - .inOenle, -.rtttau (wrmtqe)s, d eo eorth. -nttal usacoente od pr.res,.. ero--. accented syllables as in raOvilate, aooer, affair, and so forth; eurvttting, traveller, and so folrth, Eight: Change d and ed, final, to t when so pronounced, as in crossed (croes), looked (lookt), and so forth, unless the ea ffects the preceding sound, as in chafed, chanced. Ninth: Change a to a in distinctive words, as in abuse, verb; house, verb; rise, verb and so forth. Eleventh : Drop t in catch, witch, and so forth. Twelfth : Change the spellingin the follow ing words: Ate (ache). anker (anchor), beuty (beauty), scud (could). whole (hole), parlament (parliament), receit (receipt), rime (rhyme), sent (scent), elthe (scythe), wimen (women), ymen (eomen) ; drop silent b in bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plum, subtle, succumb, thumb; change Sback to a in cinder, expensce, fierce, hence, once, pence, scarce, since, source, thence, tierce, whence; drop the h of oh in shamo mile, choler, cholers, melancholy, school, stomach; drop g in feign, foreign, sovereign; drop hin aghast, burgh, ghost; drop gh in haughty ; though (tho), through (thru); drop sin aisle, demesne, island: Provided, That the foregoing rules shall not apply to proper names. And prerided furtier, that where ambiguity would rerus from the use of thes said rules the old form may be retained. O'I am a strolling player," groansd a seedy looking fellow to a gentleman on a country road, " and do not askfor money, but only some left.off clothes." "My good fellow," rejoined the latter "I am sorry I can't assist you. Times are now so bad that I wear my left-off clothes myself." " My daughter Ann takes a great interest in mlthetirc," observed Briggs to Squel dig. "She could just put you to nleep talking about high art." " I see," repl;ed Squaldig; " esthetio Ann becomes an anmsthetia." Maud (reading title of picture): " 'A Houn' for a Leech. What kind of animal do yon suppose a leech is, Clara r" Clara (doubtfully): "Oh, I don't know, something like a fox, I should think," Alarmed pedestrian (picking up a painter at the toot of a ladder): "My poor man, are yon hurt muhbl" .....-- - Painter: "Only three ribs broken. But I went down with colors flying, didn't I ?" Wife (looking up from her book): "You know a great many things. John. Now what do you think should be done in the case of drowning ?" Husband: Have a funeral, of eourse." lrs. Arlington (just married) "The goose liver you left here yesterday was excellent. Let me have another. But of the same goose, mind. My husband is very par. ticular." He (at a very late hour, with deep tender. ness: "'How ean I leave thee?" She: "Why, really, Mr. Stayer, I can't tell you. I wish to heaven I could." ]amma: "Edith, can you tell me what faith?" Edith (aged si years): " Oh, yes; it in believing what yeou know isn't true I" She (vindictively):"Yon need not hope to escape me thus. The wounded heart never forgets. I shall follow you to your grave." HMa (with bravado): "Not it von die frst." 