®ales, etr. WHEN WE WERE BOYS. To JOHN DILLON—IN IIBUOBT O? ANXIOUS YEARS AND GL0BI0U8 HOPES. CHAPTER XXX.-1 BY WILLIAM O'BEIEN, M.P. ANOTHBE force in Humphrey Dargan's favour was set to work upon the hurried arrival home of Sub-Inspector Flibbert and his bride. His honeymoon was sadly darkened by the news of the tremendous events that were enacting at Drumshaughlin in his absence and without his authority. Upon the first hint of the warrant for the American captain he expressed grave fears to his wife that she would have to give up the Castle drawing-room, as if the prospect of escaping that awful presentation were not the best bit of news the poor child had heard on her honeymoon. When, later on in the day, he purchased from a bawling news-vendor the intelligence of the assassination of the bailiff, he rushed in to bid her to pack her trunks for the night mail to the South; and the alacrity with which she obeyed his joyous message did not in the least diminish his resentful feeling that it was somehow to his wife's passion for viceregal festivities he owed his absence from Drumshaughlin when the two greatest opportunities of his life had arrived and caught him napping. 'Indeed, indeed, Augustus, I never wanted to remain at all,' she was experienced enough in the ways of men to plead. Of course, dear,' he answered, sweetly, ' only you forgot to mention that in time. Now, we have managed matters so that we have not only missed my chances at Drumshaughlin, but we shall miss the drawing-room here as well.' To which Lily thought it inadvisable to make any remark, even in the shape of a furtive tear ; but all the way down in the stifling train had oppressive dreams of putting forward the date of the murder, and putting back the date of the drawingroom for her own wicked purposes ; and towards the end of the journey began to cast timid looks at Augustus G-eorge, as if it was really she herself who had committed the murder and was being brought back in custody. It may easily be inferred that poor Lily had found the honeymoon the most trying episode in her life, since a day long ago when a child she had missed her little companions and been delivered to Mother Rosalie at the convent gate by a strange man who had found her crying, and who had made faces at her and personated ' The Boo Man' for the purpose of illustrating the horrors that awaited bold little girls who had miched from school. Augustus George had not at all made faces at her, but, on the contrary, doated very sufficiently on her blush-rosy cheeks; still she could not help associating his figure with that of the strange man, and once or twice, perhaps, she sighed for a dear old Mother Rosalie at the end of the journey to take her back and slap her. The only real friend she made on the wedding trip was an ancient sentimental chambermaid at the dreary hotel, with whom she found Bhelter from the eyes of those awful waiters, and who patronised her like a pretty baby. Mr. Flibbert's friends at the Depot—the ' County,' with a fierce moustache, which had ceased to be civilian without having become quite military; the County's' lady, a terrific personage, who 4 was to present her at the drawing-room; the barely razorable cadets, who were quaffing their first goblet of Dablin life, and whose talk was of the new regulation in the Code as to /boot-money, and whether young Hankoff found his old station at Killala or his new station at Killaloe the beastlier hole of the'two—all those great folk, and the more dazzling ordeal they pre-figured to her of the Throne Room, simply filled with terror the shrinking, conventbred little country girl. Flibbert admired her so much that he considered it almost a personal affront that she could not be got to' come out.' A criticism which he heard one green cadet confiding to another,' Devilish pretty, you know, but suoh a little ninny!' rankled in his mind to suoh a degree that he seriously thought of consulting the 'County's' wife as to whether a course of lessons in elocution, or at an academy of deportment, or perhaps in a riding school for young ladies, was usually found to be of most effect in such cases. At home at The Roses (which Mrs. Dargan had bestowed on the young people as a temporary residence, old Humphrey having stoutly refused to quit his old pawnoffice parlour) the Sub-Inspector's wife failed to rise to the height of Mr. Flibbert's ideal as dismally as she had done in the gilded drawing-rooms of the Depot 6i» wu like » wedling of tility which would not come up, and all her new friends, and even her own mother, were engaged daily in rooting up the earth about her to inquire why she was not coming on. With Frank Harman, singularly enough, alone of her husband's Bet, she established some approach to a friendly alliance—such alliance as a sickly flower in a London back-yard may be said to have struck up with the great blank walls which do not fall and crash it. She called Miss Harman ' ma'am' with the sweetest good faith, and seemed to be hoBestly apologising for being in the way when she called; and that genial grenadier was so touched with the poor child's simplicity that she, s it were, took her in her lap as caressingly as if she was a silky little Blenheim spaniel, and said she was a great deal too good for that mercenary little Flibbert, and peremptorily pitched into the fire a packet of leaflets against Popery which Miss Deborah had prescribed for Lily as improving literature. His wife's want of social enterprise was a grievous trial to the Sub-Inspector, who, however, accepted her shortcomings without the least intentional unkindness, and set himself to reconquer Miss Harman's favour with more assiduity than he had ever dreamt of devoting to the winning of poor Lily's love. He was much consoled for his absence during the two historic events of the week by the failure of his subordinate, Head- Constable Muldudden, either to apprehend the American conspirator or to elicit the smallest scrap of evidence against Quish's murderers. There were not wanting in the force men who, either toadying to Mr. Flibbert's greatness, or envious of the well-known legal attainments of the Head-Constable, were ready with specious stories of how the American Captain was seen escaping through the shrubbery owing to Muldudden's neglect to place a policeman on the postern gate; and how a police | patrol were bound to have taken Quish's murderers red-handed only that the same jolter-headed Muldudden had instructed the patrol to take the Coomhola-road instead of that over the JJauherla Mountains on that particular evening. Flibbert, who naturally regarded the swoop on the American Captain and the murder as attempts of a designing subordinate to take a mean advantage of his absence, was, if possible, even more sarcastic on the arrangements which Muldudden had made than on those which he had omitted; and when that discredited commander ventured to suggest from certain appearances that the American Captain might possibly be lying hidden in the belfry, the Sub-Inspector said: ' Don't be a donkey, Muldudden!' in the hearing of a whole day-room-full of grinning subordinates. ' Well, sir,' said the unfortunate Head- Constable, making a last gallant rally of his forces, 'if you'll refer to page 96 of "Humphrey's Justice of the Peace " you'll find ' ' How to let murderers and conspirators slip through my fingers, no doubt,' sneered Flibbert, who thought his own remark so crushing that he determined to mention it incidentally to the County- Inspector. Mr. Flibbert, in fact, took up charge of the peace of the community with the air of a Curius Dentatus recalled by his country from his Sabine cottage. Every day that the American Captain remained uncaught and the Bauherla Mountain murder untraoed he looked a deeper and deeper fellow for preserving the secret so long; and now that he had Humphrey Dargan's iron safe behind him, and. a public looking up to him as its preserver from the horrors of rebellion and assassination, he had no longer any false modesty about asserting his own importance as one of the Great Powers of Drumshaughlin society. He was slightly taken aback when, prpposing to himself a cosy, confidential chat with Lord Drumshaughlin touching the peace of the district and the follies of his son, Harry, his oard was answered with an intimation that, if he had any message for Lord Drumshaughlin he might send it in by the maidservant; but Miss Harman and Mr. Flibbert quite agreed that Lord Drumshaughlin was an old tyrant who was probably mad and who certainly drank; and they agreed still more cheerfully that, between the Harman influence and the Flibbert influence, Humphrey Dargan's election was aB safe a prediction as the next eclipse of the moon announced in the almanacs. Young Lionel Dargan, who remained in Drumshaughlin spoking eightpenny cigars on the Club steps with die Sub- Inspector, and discovering some object of sudden interest in the sky when Ken Rohan passed on the other side, was only tearing himsplf from the embraces of his college ^hnm. Lord Shinrone's son, for a few days longer to IM whether hi« father's election to the Club might not be triumphantly followed 1 by his own. ' By George, here's Drumshaughlin ! looking as touchy as the very-gout, Come to carry our gombeen friend, of course !' cried old Grogan, who was one of a group before the reading-room fire on the evening of the ballot. There was an unprecedented muster of members, and the regular set of army men and ever-green old bachelors, who spent their evenings over their ipirits-and-water, card-tables, and Tory papers, were amazed at the number 6f unexpected ghosts that arose as on a general resurrection night—those queer anchorets of the desert whom county society loses sight of from time to time, nobody can tell how: men who have become so absorbed in the breeding of shorthorns that they only turn up like the shorthorns on cattle-show days, with apparently a strong dash of the shorthorn strain in their own ways, and even countenances; men who are reputed to have had attacks only known to the doctor, or to have been married to their housekeepers, or to have been reduced to living off their own poultry-yard; or again, men smitten with some household grief, some adored daughter cut off in the May-morn of her days, some son banished in disgrace to the colonies, and who are seldom seen out of their sepulchres except at some pressing call of public duty—the grand jury, the election of a chairman of board of guardians, or an insurrection. ' Harman must have made a deuce of a whip,' remarked Major Grogan to his friend Captain Brandeth, as all those unaccustomed spirits of health or goblins damned glided into the rooms—men pale with the gracious dignity of grief, men who paid their debts in cruel wrinkles, men whose eyes and noses ! were beginning to wear the ignoble purple livery of Drink, and men who only looked in for the night from Aix or Egypt as a composition with their con- sciences for neglected duty, as beauty might call into a cottage after a riotous London season. I did think my old friend would not have thrown in his weight against us on this occasion,' said Admiral Ffrench, with his sad old courtly smile, as Lord Drumshaughlin made for his corner with outstretched hand. Why P How do you mean ?' WeU, I cannot help thinking that you might have left this to your agent, Drumshaughlin, and left us old fellows some chance of a stand in our last ditch.' Your last ditch! You don't mean to say the fellow is going to win?' ' Look around you and see how Harman has done his whipping- up. I never mean to be seen in this room again. Morituri te salutamus. If we had not been handicapped by having your name against us, indeed—' ' My name! Who has dared to use my name P Why, my dear Admiral, my name and my vote will be for hunting the fellow like a vagabond dog with the most ignominious article you can find in the kitchen tied to his infernal impudent tail.' Admiral Ffrench and his sedate group of county magnates started delightedly, as if a bombshell sailing down upon them had burst in bonbons instead of splinters of old iron. ' Why, we have only to send that around, and all is over,' the Admiral exclaimed. ' Ralph, this is more like the old friend I once had—do you remember the night some young dare-devils presented the Lord Chancellor at the Historical with a face as black as a Christy minstrel, Ralph P—and the night of the row at the Turkish Embassy —how that fat old Pasha did yell when you knocked him over into the flowerpots and walked off with the lady in your arms P And do you Tecollect that morning with the French sergens- deville, coming home from—ah, dear! ah dear!' and the two old fellows fell on one another's shoulders and shook hands and laughed and (I rather suspect) cried for old times sadly-joyous sake. • Well, well, I am not sure that things have own so much better in these wise days f am told there is not a single nobleman's son in Trinity College now, except poor old Shinrone's, who is hired out to a tutor as an advertisement. They have fallen back on the agents' sons and the bailiffs'. They tell me a yonng fellow of Dargan's is the most fashionable figure in Graf ton-street of an afternoon Ralph, my old friend, that grandfather of mine made a pretty merss of it when he sold Clonakilty to Castlereagh. We, who had this country 'as our Garden of Pkradihe, are jostled Out of it by the Dargans, if worse still does not happen "as—if We're not content to remain and take their pay. 1 ^Vell, it's something if we can remind, this man that there is still tome savour of '"prerogative left in lis. confess I was ttbginmng(6 forget myself that there was anything wanting to'the 4M» of gmtlMBW wh»h • fM paid ft the office of ITlstef King of Anns «ouM not purchase. They had chatted together in a AM. fidential corner: it was years since the Admiral's grave, sweet face of courtesy blood had been of Navarino, so disturbed and a by moment the old afterards he cast his eyes timidly around to wild ee if anyone was looking. But the fact hat Lord Dranrahaughlin had come to ill Humphrey Dargan could not long emain a secret. The rooms were bythie ime unusually full of burtle and animaion. TheDarganfactionwas triumphant. ittle Flibbert was an Iron Dujar on the field of Waterloo. He discussed^ the prospects of a rising with the sang J**" ® f an experienced statesman Who created 04 apprehensions in order to allay them with a wave of his hand. He was so knowing on the subject of Quish's murderers that it would have seemed a pity to spoil so exquisitely deep a game by catching them. ' Upon my soul, that little man takes the British Empire under his patronage more gracefully than the lady with the trident in the penny pieces,' remarked a plethoric old major who had smelt gunpowder. • My dear fellow, why not P' said the Admiral, with a smile. ' We've set nj> the policeman as a god over the people, and it's only even- handed justice that he should end by ordering us to our knees ourselves. Here's Mr. Hans Harman, who wants us to add Mr. Flibbert's father-in-law to our family circle, and yet we are surprised that in a country where the magistrates take their law from Head-Constable Muldudden society should begin to revolve around the sub» inspector.' «After all, Admiral,' said Hans Har. man, pleasantly,' so high-born and goodnatured a man as you ought to be above objecting to a man's making his money in trade.' What I object to is his making his character of gentleman in money,' rejoined the Admiral. 'If there is to ba equality—by all means; but why not try the plan of making all our neighbours— the whole people — our friends and equals, instead of honouring the sordid vulgarians who have successfully plundered them ?' Suppose we begin by balloting for the two interesting peasants who shot my bailiff the other night, and who are possibly lying inside the hedge to-night for myself P' said Hans Harman, with that growing mixture of boldness with his bonhomie which had already perplexed Lord Drumshaughlin. 'But I am not sure that you will get the club to agree with you, Admiral. Hullo, Deverell! Didn't let the sciatica frighten you, eh ?' he said gaily, turning to a dry cheese-paring of a man, who seemed to have invested all the vivacity of his life in a large family of daughters, and who had invested a considerable loan from Humphrey Dargan in the same quarter. But shortly after Lord Drumshaughlin's arrival in the reading-room there seemed to run around the buzzing groups some strange electric current, the first effect of which was a whispering hush, and the next effect a polyphloisboisterous hum of voices, laughter, and excitenient. The knowledge that Lord Drumshaughlin had brought, not a white, but a black bean in his pocket circulated rapidly, and added to the interest of the struggle in the ballot between the old school and the new a fresh excitement as to the result of the inexplicable duel, bet ween Lord Drumshaughlin and his agent. Harman's face darkened, but his eye glanced over his own musters with assurance. - <- 'Thisis deuced bad conduct on'Lord Drumshaughlin's part,' said Mr. Flib* bert, tugging nervously at his moustache, aB if it were the American Captain he were dragging out of his lurking-place. * I really must get Mr. Dargan to take notice of it,' 'Pooh!' was the agent's whispered reply. 'The notice totake of it is to win without him and in spite of him.* Then undauntedly to his wavering legionaries:' Of course, everybody understands Drumshaughlin's position is a peculiar one.' He is bound to make some show the haughty Custos Rotalorum ,and all that, you see, bat they will he no friends who will do him the ill turn of voting with him.' The voting went on slowly. Men seemed to have been stricken with a sudden incapacity to make up their minds. Harman flitted more actively than ever through the rooms, without, however, approaching Lord, Djiimshaughlin's group. Admiral Ffrench, who had come to lead a forlorn hope, was beginning to feel (not now for ffie first time in his life) that forlorn hopei sometimes in a twinkle turn to glittering victories. The excitement was rawing high. Si> Was the betting. Mil give you five to one still-on the gombeen-man,' said one of and horsey Neville, * No,* said the Guardsman. ' Can't, as a stranger, interfere; very eorry, for I should dearly like to lay something against that little policeman.' ' I had hardly hoped ever to see a Spark of public spirit in the county again,' said a delicately-featured old Deputy-Lieutenant, who had hobbled in *on a crutch end on the arm of Admiral Ffrencb. ' It wis really time for Lord Drumshaughlin to put himself at the head of the «nunty,' said another* * The presumption oi thB fellow!' remarked the landlords' attorney of the •district, aloud-lunged, truculentplebeian, who had only edged his way into the club himself some six months before. 'And Harm an swears he'll carry him still.' •* No, he won't!' cried one of the younger men, bursting into the group. * Harman has thrown up the sponge. The nomination is withdrawn.' The news was true. Upon a rapid review of his mutinous forces, Hans Harman had come to the determination to withdraw the name and stop the balloting. 'You have won, my lord,' he said, laughingly, but with something like a faint red glare louring out of his smiling dark eyes. ' I hope it may turn • out that you have been as wise as you have been brave.' ' Trust me, Harman, as you have failed as a diplomatist, you will never be a success as a bully,' replied Lord Drumshaughlin, as he drew his furred overcoat about his ears and passed out on the arm of Admiral Ffrencli, Two mornings afterwards Lord Drumshaughlin was served from the Landed Estates Court, in Dublin, with notice of a conditional order of sale, requiring him within twenty-eight days to show cause why the court should not proceed to a sale of the estate on foot of a certain mortgage transaction duly set forth in the matter of Ralph Adalbert Warbro Westropp, Baron Drumshaughlin, owner; Humphrey Dargan, petitioner. (To be Continued.) 