UNABLE TO SLEEP. Theee seems no reaBon whatever to doubt (writes " Peerybingle" in the Weekly Times) that the death of young Melluish from an overdose of chlorodyne was the result of an accident. He was in the habit of taking chlorodyne to induce Bleep. Have you ever known what real sleeplessness means'? X do not mean the eleeplessnesB of a night or two, but that constant insomnia that is the worst of all diseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symp toms of future insanity, and it is a pre sent hell. The word sleeplessness comes trippingly off the tongue, but it is a fear ful tbing'tp suffer. Think of what must be the night-life of a man who cannot sleep, yetwho has the courage to refraiqp from indulging in the dearly-bought stupor obtained from drugs. He seeks his bed at midnirrbt ami-tries to-ooo^^u'nber by reading. He readsjpage after page, bat fails to grasp the meaning of the words. He turns back and strives to "fit !■■■ ■ 11 tion once more, but in vain. His brain is abnormally active, bnt it cannot grasp the meaning of the printed sentences. He lays down the boolr, puts out the light, and resolves to tire the brain out. The sighing of the wind around his house be comes endowed with language ; the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous system with a name less horror, for it accuses him of some forgotten sin, or shapes itself into a pro phecy of some fearful and impending dan ger. He peoples the darkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when be closes his eyes tightly to shut them oat, and turns his face down upon the pillow, they whis per in his ear—he knows not what, save that he feels •'they are accusations, and that he is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Then, per chance, he will doze—it is not sleep—and he will in dreams live an age of ghastly ter ror. He will commit murder and be con demned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, he will start up to find himself in a cold pers piration that makes him feel clammy and Bick. He will light his lamp and look at his watch, and will sink back with weary moan when he learns that it is not yet five minutes since he quenched the light. Every ten minutes through the long watches of that endless night thiB terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is the eternal night of come!. When at last the day breaks it brings no pleasure to him, for his nerves and brain have been at snch a tension that he rises sick at heart, and unre tresbed of body. Tfrn"ltrp'*^ " -—irthjnr^ to be thankful for, however; but the day is soon over, and the still, horrid, phan tom-peopled night is to be faced again. What shall he do 1 His resolution is gone. He feels that it is the mad-house or the grave. Is it any wonder, then, that he should fly to drugs? They give him at least forgetfulueBs. They shut out the terrible sights and close hiB ears to the ghostly whisperings. They do not give bim refreshing elumber, bnt they give him the sweet oblivion of death, until the morn. There are good people, people who can eleep like a top, who are loud in their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to induce sleeps. " They jest at scars Jhat never felt wound." 