' HOW IT ENDED. Like the Kingdom of Scotland, the enmity between those two old friends, Frank -Fortescue and Claude Temple, "came.with a lass. " Whether it would go with one,.' to .complete tho analogy, remained to be seen. For tho present things did not look much like recon ciliation," viewed from any side one would ; for the wrath between the two worked like the madness oldSir Leoline knew of, and their present hate seemed to be fully as great as their former love had been. ./,;' Living in. the same place as they did, and that place not large onough to give much social variety, nor a free seabord- anyhow," this severance be tween two prominent members of tho little world at Hunter's Ford made it awkward for everyone. For it is not' very pleasant to a hostess to have two men glaring at each other across the table— like a - couple of wild cats in a tree ; or, haply, one of them sticking up his back and walking out of the, room as tho other came in, as if he had - been the plague in person. ' . The administration, too, of local affairs suffered by this want of accord. The one would riot sit on the same' board with the other; or, if he did,! then his confreres wished lie lmd not. When Frank Fortescue was made a J.P. Claude Temple resigned his seat on the bench. When Claude Temple came on to the board of guardians Frank Fortescue took off his . name, and denounced the. whole proceeding as a gigantic job. The only place where they mot was on the County Council ; and there they fought to the " ntbs," and. obstructed public business as royally as their exemplars at.. St." Stephen's. . y '"Chei'chez la femnie. , Of course. Where is - the great -social fracture- wherein women' have riot inserted their ;: delicate fingers- to still further widen it-— of "which, indeed, they have riot been the primary disintegrating agent 1 — lAUi. -i-'i-.i;— «w-o/rnlf-jcalouolcs,- and'their own to correspond, '.aided by! theirfacultyforsmall. intrigues and their' facility for making black /look- like white,. and white, the- very deepest . black, women are for ever manipulating , the social structure, and they pull apart quite. as much as they wield and join, i Cherchez.la femihe, ' indeed J If.. you do riot find lier you are in tlie dark for e'ver as to causes, and all your ! social plants: spring -without roots of seeds.: ! - ' ' In. this fierce; emriity between these two old friends ,Ja femnie was every thing—root,- stem, flower and fruit. It was all , founded on , the well-Worn .theme— tliey - .had ! loved the same ; woman. -: Each, -tried to win -what ' both so ardently desired. But one . had boen. ! above-board, arid' the other underhand ; and the ono vyith the holiest name had belied iiis ; 'godfathers and godmothers, and proved himself anythingr,but'.frank in. ! action. Where Claude Temple, lmd done !his wooing like a man,: jiri .the! face of day, and before the assembled ! multitude, 'Frank' Fortescue had' done his , liko . a thief iiv tho nighty whose stealthy. foot- steps even tho house-dog does not lieaiv :r//! v . .- .-'..v /-:' "L would ribt have felt it so much if he hitd beehlipnest.ahout it," Claude used. to say bitterly to his friends.' But he was such a cur, such a hound ! -He knew that I loved Lucy Graham/ and was doing my best to win hpr!;: and if lie had como Vto 1110 and said, ' See here, -old : fellow; I love Lucy too, . and will do my best against -yours,' L would not have said a word — I would not have had a word to say. Bub to accept my confidence— to seem to sym- pathise with rile, and all the time to be quietly working against me— no, I can't stand that. If over a man de served a public horse-whipping it is Frank Fortescue ; and, by Jove, . he will one day get it. I am only waiting, for an occasion, as T do- not choose to drag her name into the affair." So far as they had yet gone, how ever,, the occasion had not presented itself; and, save their snarlings in public and their growlings in private, tilings were in a manner tranquil, arid no blood was drawn, for all that inten sity of bittorness. ' Claude remained unmarried.' He was too angry to solaco himself, though temptations were spread before him- - as many. and. as potent as any of those which beset and did not conquer Saint Anthony. Neither did they conquer Claude — "family man" as he was by nature, not discursive by tempera ment, "and fond of children and home. But he felt that to marry would be to drop, his shield and lower bis guard ; and,- -this ; he would not do till he , had punished his treacherous Pylades. After this punishniont then he might think-'of it; biit not before. ' Mean while he was something like tho /jpgue'"' elephant of the forest and about as dangerous. , That part of the river where wasthe fc rd which gave the place its name was through, Claude's estate. While the land had belonged to the old proprie tors, roads, stiles, and paths and banks voro free to the public; and no one objected that others should enjoy the advantage of short cuts or the beauties of certain points as well as they them selves — tho owners. But sinco Claude's inheritance from his fathor — a " new " man, who had bought tho Hazcldell estate from tho o'd' family— and since, his state of rogue elephant and misanthrope generally, all that could bo shut up from the public was shut up, and the ford itself was especially tabooed. Tho thing had been fought out in the law courts, but Claude had won. A now bridge had replaced tho old ford ; a new road had diverted the traffic; the right of user was overlaid by now conditions,, and Claude Temple held ihe famous ford as his own exclusive property, and dared prince or poacher to commit a trespass. . To prince or poacher those forbidding notice boards might have proved efficacious enough ; but to a woman chains made of thistle-down would have been about as strong in tho Way of hindrance and coercion | Many a time Claudo had been confronted by the village girls or children, who had climbed the padlocked gate and wriggled through the quick-set hedges, and otherwise defied the authority of' .those gt'im black boards, headed "Notice," and threatening direful penalties if . their wai-nings were dis regarded. ... These 'trespassers, when he caught them, Claude Temple let off with a gentle reprimand, given for the look of the thing, flanked by permission to fill, their blackberry baskets at leisure, and perhaps a pocket-full of huts in the nutting season. The prohibition was chiefly aimed at Frank Fortescue, with- whom, in bygone times, it had been a jfayorito fishing place. The pool, in deed, just below the old ford, .and above the stepping' stones, was the :best. ground in all : the : ;river's length:; and Frank was a passionate angler, if such a term may bb applied. ,. to, tho ;most patient of pursuits, rso that Claudo knew it to be a standing temptation. " Had/the/ old/I -o'riemy,' yielded ; to this: teiriptatiorir— thad lie or any of 3 his people trespassed anct broken. the. irivisible fencc of that grim if notice," Claude would haver .tried3 conclusions with thein in a somewhat .different:. 'fashion than he had with girls and- children. He had but one desire ; - that Frank himself, or /some-' one wearing his livery, would-give him the opportunity. He haunted the place like a wicked- ghost, full of wish 'to harin. It was, in essential spirit, murder that he had in his heart, and the tinge- irig of that eloar brown stream ! with blood. Nothing but the restraints' of civilised life, which are sti'ongef than nature, hold him from fulfilling the murderous wish that marked itself, as. such wishes do, ns'his lawfuL rights arid .just punishment. Bub Frank I Fortescue: was too wise to give his enemy- this advantage over him; ! He not only' i'igidly kept, away for liis own iparb, .but lie also enjoined the, strictest abstinence on the parb of his, house hold. Ho told thein,.one and al, that ft would bo ' dismissal on the spot if .»6yGr t tiiioy, WGrorfv/uuCi/-' ll oopiaoiwg.Qi'i. jthe./Hazeldell estate. - ..So ! Clqud watched ; and waited;' in ; yairi. Not even . ; a shadow stole : out i from Frank's place, Silver Hill ; and tho unsleeping ! vengeance of i the - tricked arid alienated friend remained unsatis fied. ' . : !-: Qrie day,. as , Claude was by -the pool :. fisliing 'for the troiit lie did not .want whou he had caught them, -lie hea-rd-tho ;silver tone's .of a cultured woirian's .voice, mingled with the unformed notes of a,ohilcl; oomingalong the prohibited path right into the sacrcd .poor.' The angler reeled up his lino and hid him self, bohind the trees. He did: not want to bo : the surlj' Cerberus to warn ,ofi' a ' gill and a' child ; yet he was so far iinbued with tho lawful seiitimonts of one who had been a J.P. as not to court the self- stultiiication of- allowing the law he. himself bad made to be .broken witli absolute impunity. Jf-lie forgave the cottage girls and children, it was only :after lie had sookledv them well, and frightenedthem perhaps to | tears.' . He would not scold a woman ' who liad that voific, nor a! child so young; as .fhose ibabblirig'-'jwbr'ds.Vbe-- itokened. Hencehehidhimself.tolet | those ; gentle intruders have! grace-arid . freedom, and presently they came into sight. ' . . . ' , They wore, as he had heard and al ready, made out, a, young woman and arihild. The first' was evidently liot ; the nurse, nor -yo; the governess; but 'a lady: of degree ; the child was lis evidently of tlie same social class as : herself. The girl was pretty — piquant rather than sweet ; but stopping short : of pertnoss; — a girl who had a just ap preciation of herself; would "stand .no nonsense" from anyone, but .'.who was kindly and gentle-hearted— wit ness her tenderness to the child by her side. The face was full of smiles, the eyes were full of laughter, the trim little, figure was alert and alive"; the whole air and atmosphere about her were eminently eleetrio, "and where she was dullness, sloth, misanthropy, ill-humor could not live. She was like an incarnate sunbeam; and as she stood there on the brink of the river, so pretty, so vivacious, so full of life as she was, Claude involuntarily forgave .her even the heinous offence of casting stones 'into the pool, which amused the child and grievously frightened the fish. But who would be angry with such a gracious creature as this 1 Who would not rather that this lovely little child wore amused, than that his fishing- basket should be full of trout lie did not want, even when he had caught them 1 Not Claude, who watched the two from behind the trees as if he had never seen a pretty woman, nor a lovely little girl in a Kate Greenaway bonnet beforo. Do we not all know that vague feeling at first seeing some one hitherto unknown, which is nob memory so much as suggestion of past pleasure ? Wo do not know of whom he or she retninds us ; but we know that the assooiationof ideas, if we would but verify it, would lead us back to something dear arid of good repute in the past. This girl seemed to Claude like some one ho had known ; he could not remember who it was — perhaps somo ono he had known in " another life ; " for he did not remember any dark-haired girl who had ever stirred his fancy. His love — who might have been his bride, had not his treacherous friend come in between — was tall and .fair — not like this girl at all; and yet there was a certain subtlo resemblance, an undefined und undefinable kind of likeness which set liis blood tingling. His first impressions slowly resolved themselves into this more concrete aud compact idea. She reminded him vuguoly of Lucy Graham, though so different in color, height, and general bearing. This fancied resemblance made his heart very tender, and dis posed him more than over to forgive those random stones which made the child scream with delight, and frightened the fish to fishy madness. Presontly these two strolled away down tho stroam to where the stop ping-stones stood out broad and bold from the brown waters edging round tho baso and pouring through the intervals, with speed redoubled be cause of that temporary oheck. Claude came out from liis hiding-place and watched them. The child wanted to jump on the stones, the girl, half- yielding, still a little resisted. The stones wore safe enough for ordinary people with common caution, but those restless little feet wore not so trust worthy as another person's, and the waters ran fust and were dazzling. 'The little controversy ended by Claude coming forward as the good genius of the wood— the deus ex ma china of the situation — and offering to hold the child's hand so as to make her desire safe. He was very cautious, very kind, and- tho brooding ferocity of his ordinary expression was softened into that- gentle. - kind of melancholy which draws a woman's heart as a ;magriet attracts' a steel filing. , ; ' !' If I hold her hand she will bo .quite safe," he said, coming out '.from behind the tree, as. the good- genius of ;the woodj in : a! grey tweed shooting :suit— nineteenth century Rubezahl In knickerbockers. , . : His abruptness had no discourtesy :inib;;/quito tlie contrary. It was ,boUi jiriahly and ; courteous '; and that, too, was , another charm — another steel filing from the mass of the girl's likings and fancies' attracted by the Invisible. magnet. . " Oh, thank you," said the girl; " that is very kind. Now, Pet, you "musrnob be troublesome, and don't 'jump too. hard." \- " No, Auntie Lilian," said the child, .in nowise disconcerted by the st-ran- ;g'erlioocl of'her St. Christopher; and, hand in hand, Claude and the little itrespasser jumped from stone to stone land back again from one side of the river to the other, Auntie Lilian looking on approvingly, only wishing :that .she were enough of a child to :follow them. Then, the play ended, IQlaucla took the litLle ono in bis .arms arid kissed her gravely, saying; "That ;is the toll everyone . pays for going lover the stepping-stones." \--f. '-No w, -Auntie Lilian, you go," said the child. ' Blit her aunt, with a sudden flush, ' said' /i;No,". and Claude looked as stolid as if he had not heard. tobe gqncluded. 