Biillotage Elections. Ix 13 a pity tlia machinsiy for securing a majority o£ the voting enfranchised should be so complicated, lingering, and costly — to the country at all events. It is a great pity that, after all this, the attainment o£ a majority of voters should be impracticable. Horses wouldn't drag some people to the polling: booth, they having as much superstitious dread of exercising the franchise as others of making a will. The most exciting election that ever took place in the Australian colonies failed to incite above two-thirds of the voters to do their duty, and it does seem much cry and little wool that the whole form, toil, trouble, turmoil, and expense of polling should be repeated again and again, perhaps a dozen times, because one candidate failed to secure half a dozen votes more than people chose to give him. To give an instance: At the last election for' the Burke three candidates went to the poll for the one seat, and the two unsuccessful ones together polled very much in excess of him at the head of the poll. Under the law as it stands he became nathless the representative of the majo rity who did not want him as well as of the minority who did. Under the pro posed law, it is argued that, the candidate lowest on the poll having retired, those who voted for him would transfer their votes to one or the others, perhaps to one, perhaps to the other, perhaps divide them, equally between, tho two ; at any rate the leading man this time must have a majority of the votes given. It might be he who stood first the first try or it might not. In the case under review it is the last supposition which makes for favorable consideration of the bill before the House. It would be worth a lot of time, trouble and ex pense to get rid of some candidates, even though they may not be in the habit ot blackening their bodies and thus intruding themselves on decent .company. But is there a fair hope that the ballotage principle adopted in every non-English- speaking community in possession of the ballot would thus tend to purge Parliament of its most undesirable members ? Mr. Tozer thinks so, and few have had such opportunities of studying the operation of the system. Our readers will member a recent notable instance in point. A few months ago the great Bismarck again sought the arena of politics through the humble aperture of the ballot box. He was opposed by a Socialist who headed him in tho first ballot, though not by a sufficient number, a majority of voters being required in Germany. In the second ballot, or first ballotage, the es Ohancellor led, so also did he in the third appeal, and was thus returned, as the candidate who heads the poll on the third, which is the last, time on the Continent is elected. Under the English system the Socialist would be member of the Reichsrag, not Bismarok. Coming nearer home, four labour members were returned for West Sydney. This particular election is chosen because an analysis of the voting showed that the laboring classes polled extremely heavily, although scarcely two-thirds of those in possession of the franchise exercised it. Those who refrained from voting; either out of indifference, habit, or from a conviction that those they favored were certain to be returned, belonged principally to the mercantile classes. In this case the successful members secured a narrow majority of the votes given, certainly (though very far from a majority of voters) and therefore under the proposed bill would have been returned all the same. But suppose they had not — as was the case with labour candidates returned in other constituencies where doubtless the condi tions were exactly similar — then there would be a fresh polling, or ballotage, and the great number of voters opposed to ' Labour,' and who failed to vote against it because of the utter re moteness in their minds of any clanger, would no wjbc undeceived and hasten to avert the calamity so nearly consummated by their lato over- weening confidence. It will be seen that the value of the ballotago system consists in rousing and warning the apathetic and over-confident. How often is heard after an election the bitter lamentation of such as these, men declaring that if they had only known so- and-so had the ghost of a chance they would have ridden a hundred miles to voto against him, in duced so many more votors to go to the poll, or exerted themselves against the obnoxious candidate in a variety of ways. ? ' ?:'''? ( Tho weak part of the bill lies in its I non-application in the case of only two candidates for one seat, mid in every instance where the number of candidates are not more than double the number of seats. In such cases the candidates at the head of the fiist pill must be elected by however slender a proportion of the voters on the roll. On the Continent they maku th-eu attempt*, and no more, to loarn the will ot tho majority of voters. Three are held to bs enough, and not without reason. If people won't vote when given three chances they deserve, if not dis f ranchisement, nt least no consideration. Our hill- dopart3 from tho system in practice, and must therefore be presumed to pose as an improvement. It is proposed to try as many times as may be required -o ascertain the will of tho majority of those who will vote. When three pretty even men stand for a constituency of two seats, they may have to go to thp poll until one of them drops out through weariness, bank ruptcy, or sheer old age. We think the s* i ? . . i_l i ii. _ ... ? . . . i_* ? 1 _J* vjonnnentai system Tne more rational oi the two, and so much the more desirable inasmuch as it has been reduced to practice and tested by long and varied experience. The Land Act of 1884 has turned us against beautiful but un tested theories almost as decidedly ast the hon. member for Rockhampton, and as the principle in for all practical purposes as effective in safeguarding the Legislature from sudden fanatic rushes and conspiracy pushes, we trust the bill will be amended on the lines of the measures obtaining in France and Germany. 