ffiissionnxyi Jntellig^na. The BelI(Eni-en-Keb ASbBiorNAii Mission.— Th& Eev. J. B. Gribble, F.E.G.S., Church of England Missionary to the Aborigines, arrived in Cairns, North Queensland, on Thursday, August 13th, his object' being to inspect the'Bellenden-Ker Mountains, and fix upon a suitable ' site for a mission- station. On his arrival, Mr. Gribble at once set to : work amongst the blacks in the town, and soon gave, them to under stand his friendly intentions. In company with the Eev. Oscar E. Hill, vicar of the parish, the missionary crossed over to False Cape, and visited the native encampment there situated. On the mission ary^ approach, however, the women snatched up their infants and sundry belongings, and fled into the dense scrub. The native women in these parts are extremely shy of white intruders. However, the message of peace and goodwill was conveyed to the understanding of ; the blaokfellows present, and so the first real missionary. effort on the ?part of the Church of England in the North of Queensland was per formed. On the next Sunday, a large camp of ' about 200 blacks, not more than two and a-half miles from the town, was visited ; and on .Monday the missionary party left Cairns by the cutter Maid .of Athens for an inlet near the mouth of the Mulgrave Biver, to decide upon the exact locality for the projected settlement, and to plant the mission flag of the Chutch of England. Considerable interest has been awakened in the new mission, both in Brisbane and Townsville, in consequence of Mr. Gribble's stirring sermons and addresses. Though very late in. the day, the Church is coming to the help of those ready to perish in this distant northern region, and this newest , departure should commend itself to the practical .sympathies of (Jhuronmen everywnere. Xne ±tev. A. iarnold, t/nnst unurcn, ,av. Leonards, will gladly receive and acknowledge contributions to the : Bellenden«Ker Mission Funds.— Australian Guardian. The reports from the Niger districts are still causing uneasiness to the friends of the mission. The missionaries are most zealous and . energetic, but their enthusiasm is not always guided by wisdom or charity. There haB been also, in some cases, a lack (on the part of the . agents sent forth from the Sierra Leone Church) of the spiritual piety and simple faith — sometimes even of the ' purity of life and separa tion from the world'-~-that should characterise men set apart for such a work. We are not surprised to learn, therefore; that at Nembe the king (Koko) haa relapsed into' barbarism; that, ' at Obotski, the Christian marriage service was not introduced last year; consequently the native Christians had to marry with heathen ceremonies, which led some into grievous sin.' The C.M.S. have reinforced their missionary staff in Palestine. by the addition of two clergymen and six ladies. Out of sheer care for 'the converts' safety, great caution has to be observed in reporting the progresBmade among the Mohammedan natives, as whatever appears in English papers finds its way back immediately to Constantinople, and will be used to the injury of any converts whose names are published. Still the intelligence received is reassuring. At Gaza, a Mufta, a kind of Mahometan bishop, who had shown himself very. bigoted against the missionaries — even prohibiting their open-air services— is now, with his wife, an attendant at these services. . In China, the result of the Shanghai Conference has been the agreement of the various Protestant missionary societies of England and America as to the translation of the Bible, and as to the Chinese word to be used for God. These societies boldly demand a thousand missionaries for the work in China. We trust the recent attacks on mission-houses — the motive of which we believe to have been rather political than religious — may not arrest the great movement that is' going on in their country. In India we have this proof of the spreading influence of Christianity, that at the last National Congress out of 600 delegates 40 were native Christians, and had sufficient weight with their fellow-delegates to prevent the Assembly's sittings on Sundays. A story, not very creditable to our Roman Catholic brethren, comes from Kreshmagar, where, in :the terrible distress of the people through failure of the rice crops and prevalent sickness, the Roman Catholics offered them assistance on condition that they went over to their Church; and, accordingly, many accepted the terms and were rebaptised— and received in return a monthly allowance. In Japan, out of 300 representatives elected last year to the new.: Parliament, 14 were Christians, one of whom was appointed president —-a Mr. Nakajima, There are about 40,000 Christians in Japan. A new Southern Cross, a three-masted brigantine, with auxiliary steam power, has been built for the work of the Melanesian Mission, by Messrs. Forrest and Son, at their Wyvenhoe shipyard, and was launched on May 26th. Its length is, over all, 149 feet; its tonnage; Thames measurement, 386 tons. A specially prepared service had been arranged for the dedication of the vessel before launohing, which ; was attended by a large number of clergy and laity— the Rev. W. Selwyn, brother of Bishop Selwyn, being the officiating minister. A surpficed choir from Wyvenhoe Church chanted the hymns and the psalm (cvii.). Miss Margaret Selwyn, eldest daughter of the Bishop of Melanesia, performed the naming ceremony in these words: 'I name this ship the Southern Cross, and dedicate it, to the glory of God and for the advancement of His Kingdom among the heathen, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.': The launch was most successful, hot a hitch occurring from start to finish. 