GOSSIP i'HOM ABROAD. Tlie peerage conferred on Sir George Stephen is more than a "birthday honour" (ay the Pall Mali Ihutoclj. It is an Im- periaHnciQent. Itia tie beginning of tho ooloaiftl House of Lorda. We shall hope to ace it well followed up— the first swallow of a cummer of colonial recognition. Hitherto knighthood with the ILC.M.G. has been the staple honourin thiseort, aucl a baronetcy the Id ghost. But this brings us to the etandiug' difficulty of the subioct- — fur even theooloalal baronet is looked askance at by his brother colonists. In Australia particularly — wo say it without any sort of reference to Sir George Stephen, whote labours in con nection with the Canadian Paaific Railway are well known— the popular idea is that it is not the best men in the colonies who have the best chance of titular distinction In the mother country. That prejndioe reflects itself in London in an official feeling that it is cot the beat men in the coloniei who are likeliest to accept suoh , distinction when offered. Perhaps it is too late in the day to transplant hereditary nobilitv to oolonial soil, and the reil solution ia Lord Camngtoa'e suggestion — the colonial life-peerage. According to the Loihj Sews the infusion of "fresh blood " into the Notts County 22tevBn has apparently led to the retirement of a well- known figure on the crickot field— that of "William Scotton, who has of late years ac quired a reputation as I " stonewaller." Curiously enough, when be fint joined the eleven a decade and a half ago, he was noted for his free hitting, and gradually he de veloped a preference for the defensive game, which mads his inoiogi a weari ness of flesh to ths average spectator. Among his citable achievements in this directiou we may cote that .in 1SS5, playing agairiBt Gloucestershire, he took four houra and 4J minutes to Bcore 5G, and was the wickets a full hour without making arun ; that in 18SG, playing against the Auatraliani, he was three - hours and 35 minutes in compiling 35 ; and that in the same year, playing for Eogland against Australia, and going in first with Dr. Grace, be stayed at the wickets three hours and three- quarters, and only put on 34, and was atone period an hour and Baven minutes without scoring. Of course the stand was invaluable to the champion, who made nms at a rare pace ; but P'uvh expressed a very general feeling when he Bang : filocV, block, block, At the foot of thy wicket, O Bcntton ! An'l I would that ray tongue could utter My boredom. You vn'r pot the pot on! Block block, block. , At die foot of thy wicXet, Ah do 1 Put tin hour of Grace or of Walter Read Were worth a. week of yon. It is but fair to add that Scotton® stands have laved more than one game, not only for bis eonntv, but for representative elevens, and notably the great match between Euglaud and Australia at the Oral in 1SS4. The following are tha words which Queen Natalie addressed to tha agaats of the Servian Government wuo, on Tuesday morning, 19th May, forced an entry into her bedroom : — " Gentleman,— Yesterday the Government en deavoured to deal a death-blow in my person to the civil rights of every Servian, By means of brutal force it succeeded in dragging me out at my house with the object of exiling me from ray fatherland, which I adore and which I Bhall never cease to adore. I had to submit to force ; but the people of the Itoyal capital took mo under their protection and bravely defended my rights by taking me back to my residence, 1 cave, however, just been informed that this defence could not be continued without shed ding the blood of ray dear brothers and beloved children, the gallant citizens of Belgrade. The responsibility for yesterday's slaoghter falls on the authorities, as the firing began only after my return here ; hut I refuse to be tbe cause of further bloodehed, as the lives of ray fellow- countrymen are too precious to me. It is for this reason that I resign myself to following tbe agents of the Government ; but, at the sometime, I renew ray last emphatic protest against the violation of my rights, guaranteed by tbe Constitution. And now lam at your orders." Some interesting details given by Lieutenant Grant himself of his famous defence of Thobal appear in the Indian papers. Lieutenant Grant's force consisted in the main of Punjabi Mussulmans a few boing ItlraxiB: — Twenty were old soldiers, and the other 93 were re cruits who had been drilled for eight months, but had only fired a few rounds of ball cartridge at musketry practice. One of these, a boy of 18, afterwards showed the stuff a Punjabi is made of "by his coolness under fire and his wonderful shooting at close quarters. In the skirmish before reaching Thobaf, to use Grant's own wordB, "tbey bohaved beautifuliv. It was like a page oat of tbe drill book. The enemy were firing through loopholes in walls hidden by hedges. We got to within 100 yards of them, but a watercourse was between ui, and I could not tell the numbers. TVs lay down and fired for 10 minutea, bat could make no impression. I went back to the supports on each flank, and ordered them to creep up wide of the first firuip l:ue, but, like bravo fellows as thev are, thev jumped up, rushed forward right on tbe edge or the stream, and began firing. The fighting lice fixed bayonets and joined then). There was a cry from the left that the enemy were running, and then we plunged pcli-mell into the watercourse." 