BEOADBBIM's NEW YORK LETTER. J If memorable for nothing else, the week which has just passed will be remembered for its vindication of law and of right, and for the lesson it has taught the foreign anarchists who seek the shelter of our institutions and still expect to live in con stant violation of our laws. It may seem singular that in a great city like New York, where well-organised courts exist to right tli© wrongs of the humblest and the weakest and to call the greatest and most powerful to account, that another entirely indepen dent system should be recognized by thou sands in this community with laws and decrees of their own, as ironclad as those of the Modes and Persians. Such courts exist among certain classes of Italians, Chinese, Hungarians, Poles, and among the various guilds that represent the anarchistic combination of trade. Mueh as people talk about that terrible combination, the Maiia, it never in its wildest moment of vengeance perpetrated a crime like that which I recorded in ■ these letters a few weeks ago, the wrecking of the establishment of one Greenbaum, a tailor at Jamacia, on Long Island, and the attempted assassination of his child. The New Orleans Mafia murdered Chief Hennesey, but they did it under the cover of night. These assassins came boldly, j twenty strong, in the light of open day, 1 broke into the poor tailor's house, drove him and his wife and workmen out, then made a complete wreck of the entire estab lishment, poured vitriol over all the cloth and manufactured clothing in the house, ! and at last, with a fiendishness without a j parallel in the world's criminal calender, one of the wretches seized Greenbaum's little j child which lay in the cradle, and holding it j by the leg poured vitriol over it, maiming I and disfiguring it for life. An act so shocking is almost beyond belief, and while I there is no punishment known to the law j adequate for such a crime, it is a pleasure : to know that the fiend incarnate who per petrated it will get some measure of punish ment. The party that perpetrated the outrage was made up of Russians, Poles, and Hungarians, and were all Jews, as well as Greenbaum, whose family they assaulted. They were incited to the act by a Russian Jew named Barondess, who is president of the Cloakmakers* Association, and who this week was sentenced to States Prison tor a term ol years tor blackmail, .tor several years past this vagabond has defied the authorities and blackmailed and ter rorized poor "workmen who refused to join his union. Poor Greenbaum was one of those. Bavondess drove him from his home in New York, and he sought refuge at Jainacia, and just as he got settled there they hunted him to ruin. The great difficulty in the trial lay in the wholesale perjury of the witnesses, who seemed not to have the slightest idea about the sacred character of an oath. Hundreds stood ready to swear the blackmailer Barondess and assassin Frank Blieingold free. Fortunately for justice there was a jury who knew how to value such testimony, and the result was the conviction of both. The public is to be congratulated on the result, for with the assurance that crime will meet with certain punishment comes also the assurance that the jury box is in safe and honest hands. If the people of New Orleans had taken the same care to make the jury box safe that they did to vindicate justice in the extremity, they might have avoided the desperate scenes which have convulsed the civilized world, and the slayers of Chief Hennesey would have perish edon the scaffold according to the forms of law. New York has a more desperate criminal class than New Orleans or any other city in the union. Occasionally justice miscarries here, but taken as a whole, with all our shortcomings., there are few cities in the world where fife and property are safer. In forming the estimate it must be remembered that this city is sought as a refuge by the criminal classes of every land, and that we shelter a population of over one hundred thousand who cannot speak one word of English. Great neighborhoods exist here through which you might walk for hours during which you would not hear a word of English spoken. These people have their own laws and customs, and in stabbing affrays or murders it is regarded as high treason to appeal to the courts, and often the relatives of the murdered man or woman will not give the name of the slayer, or testify against him when caught. But notwithstanding occasional riots and out breaks, the authorities have always been able to hold the criminal classes in check, and therefore I say that the conviction of these murderous anarchists is a matter of profound congratulation. Labor troubles have seriously impaired our peace, and for a time at least it seems as if all the trades connected with building would be paralyzed. We are changing rapidly in our labor interests. Within the memory of men now living common unskilled labor was thought to be well compensated at a dollar a day for twelve hours work. I am not saying that it was enough or anything like it, but simply stating a fact. Then came the reduction of time to ten hours. This seemed so reasonable and just that the change was accomplished without much disturbance, and without the aid of the legislature it became the law. Then came a raise of wages and then another reduction of time, and finally the statutory law, making eight hours a legal day's work, and now the lab orers in the building trades have struck for two dollars and seventy-five cents per day, making on review a decrease of one-third in time and an increase of one hundred and fifty per cent, in the wages. The skilled labor of New York and Brooklyn have pro mised to sustain the demands of their unskilled helpers, and if they do we may look for trouble. Polities which have simmered all the winter and spring have now begun "to boil briskly, and on every corner you hear the probabilities of the Gubernatorial election discussed in no uncertain fashion. It may be news to some on the outside, but about the most prominent candidate for the Governorship at the present time is David Bennet Trill himself. But you say he is a Senator. What of it? He wants to be President. What of it? Why, man, does he want the earth ? That's just about the size of it, and if he lives long enough he'll get it. That's politics, said big Judge Murray; he knows what he is up to, an' don't ye for git it. The old man has got a head on to ; him, hg has, said little Tom Kelly of the I Sixth, an' he don't give us no gulf. Ain't { he a brick ? 6aid McGuffin. He is on to em every time. It is now pretty well settled j that the Governor never did want the Senatorship. He only took it to save it | from the {wicked Republicans. On joint ballot there was a bare majority of two. Now Democracy as a principle is all right. It means the greatest good for the greatest number every time, but individual Demo crats are sometimes like the Republicans, very wicked, and with such a slight majority as two he could not trust them. They would accept him, but fight on any one else, so he sacrificed himself and became a Senator. Look ye, good sir, and see if this be not sound politics. He is Senator. You can't get over that. Now sup. pose he inns for Governor and gets elected. , he will then be in a positiou to resign the Senatorship and say to the next | Democratic National Convention. Behold ] the man who saved the State of New York ] for the Democracy; who gave you an addi ! tional Democratic Senator in the Senate; • who wheeled New York into the Democratic : line, and who now stands ready to throw her j thirty-six electoral votes for the next Demo cratic President. Do you want her ? David B. Hill. Tet peace reigneth not. The Steeklers that have been the Jachin and Boaz of Tammany Hall have abandoned the wig wam, and are now a law unto themselves, j Judge Steekler has a pull, and astronsj one, j that Tammany has been willing to recognise I up to the last sixty days. If a man walked i into any of the public departments with a pasteboard marked Steekler, his hat was chalked at once, and if there was no situa tion open, his name was put 01 the pay roll. Of late there have been about fifteen pat riots to every office, and the treasury was not equal to the press. The consequence was that some of Steckler's friends never passed the gates of Paradise. Then comes Jones, the Lieutenant Governor. "What has Jones done that he should be sat down on ? Hill don't like Jones, and Tammany don't like Jones, but Jones led the whole j Democratic ticket, Hill included, with over j five thousand clean votes. What's the mat ter with Jones, that's what I want to know, j Boswell P. Flower who wants to be Gover nor don't like Jones. For matter of that Jones is not in love with Mr. Flower. Colonel Bill Brown turns up as an Amicus Curia, and he has recently declared that rather than see the party divided he would take it himself. Verily, verily, it looks as if there was trouble ahead. Mr. Cleveland's friends are asking, " "Where do we come in ?" and in the fight of 1892 the ex-President is not going to be an unimportant factor. So far no one looms up in the Republican horizon of importance enough to overtop all others. Even if Governor Trill is re nominated, and it looks that way now, it is not going to be a walk over. Jones, the man who pays the freight, may be slaugh tered in the Convention, and Boswell P. Flower be put in the line of succession by accepting the nomination for Lieutenant Governor which he refused four years ago. But of one thing Tammany may rest assured, and that is " that the man who pays the freight" will be heard from the day after the election. Jones ain't dead yet nor sleeping; stick a pin in that and don't forget, when the ballots are counted. Will the ghost of Alexander Tourney ; Stewart never disappear? One by one his name has departed from the great monuments that he reared. The name which he fondly hoped to pass to posterity in connection with his millions is remem bered only with ill concealed contempt. The curious traveller no longer inquires for Stewart's dry goods store, which was the Beaumarchais of New York. Drunken roysterers hold high jinks in the splendid marble palace on the Fifth Avenue which he consecrated as his home. The magnifi cent sarcophagus beneath the crypt of the grand cathedral of Garden City is tenant less; but his ghost still walks abroad. A horde of poor Irish relatives whom he dis owned when he was alive have instituted another suit to battle for the dead man's millions. Vanity of vanities, saith the preaeher, all is vanity. 