FICTION. From Ru K1 i tfa, American, and Other Periodicals. THE DETEOTÍÍSAT FAULT CHAPTER XI.-(Continued.) NAEBATIVE OF DETECTIVE FELIX FOX (CONCLUDED.) But time was valuable to me just then, and assuring the girl Bertha that she had done per- fectly right in showing me the letter, and that I would guard its contents as sacredly confidential, I trotted upstairs to receive the report of Policeman Blind, who had stood aB guardian outside Miss Grande's door all night. I found him at his place outside the closed door; but he had nothing to report, except that the prisoner'had remained very quiet all night, and that he had not heard even the rustle of a dress. I did not hear a sound in the room now ; in fact, it was suspiciously quiet. A sudden fear flashed across my mind ; had we uncon- sciously lighted upon the real criminal in Miss Grande, and had she evaded the law by killing her- self? I tapped on the door, and, receiving no answer, I turned the handle, only to find it locked on the inside. Thoroughly aroused, I placed my shoulder against the door, and with Blind's assist- ance, I broke it in. The room was empty ; the window overlooking the top of the verandah was opened, and the " little maiden" had flown ! After the explanations of the night, I had not regarded her as a principal, and so I forbade Blind from intruding in her room. She had taken advantage of my chivalry, and by her flight revealed to me her guilt and my own unwise geaerosity. No doubt she intended to take the first train 'to the city, and as my duty imperatively led me in the direction of the railway Btation I.trotted over to it at full speed, followed by my assistant. The little wretch was not there, but I was in time, for I learned that the first downward train would not reach Eglantine Hill for a full half-hour. If she came in my direc- tion I was prepared to receive her ; in the meantime my interest was divided between her and tbe steam of an upcoming train that I saw in the distance. It grew larger and larger and then stopped just behind me. The superintendent had kept his word, only it was too late ! A man slowly emerged from one of the cars, closely followed by two policemen. He was young, but his face was troubled. Despite the superintendent's assurance to the contrary he walked without assistance, and inhaled the cold fresh air with an evident pleasure. His presence was of no use to me now, and I was troubled for a moment where to bestow him until I personally took him back to the city and gave the superinten- dent a piece of my mind. While I was discussing the subject with the officers a quiet voice said: " My house is always at the service of ' Lecoq' Fox, my friend !" Turning in surprise, I faced the smiling figure of Dr.. Brandt. "By what authority has Policeman Grope al- lowed you out of his sight ?" I aBked sternly. "You must ask him when he wakes up, my friend," was the calm answer. " He is sleeping very soundly juBt now." I did not wish to waste time in conversation with this grey-haired clown. To one of the officers I .briefly related the events of the night before, and ordered him to return to the city at the earliest | opportunity, and notify the proper authorities. I ordered Policeman Blind to remain at the station in case the woman Grande should show herself, and then I trotted off in the direction of the doctor's cottage to reprimand the careless Grope. I took care of the doctor ; a policeman followed, taking charge of Cyril Durand. Let me say here tbat I would have sent Durand immediately back to the city had I not been anxious to question him myself and see how his answers tallied with the informa- tion I already possessed. I had no faith in the skill of the superintendent ami his satellites, and now that I had the opportunity I intended to make use of it to the full. On the journey the doctor indulged in hia usual rhodomontade, boasting of his own superiorities and the stupidity of everybody else. " What is the entire police force to a Dr. Brandt," be said. '* Can they hold me when I wish to be free ; can they hold anybody in whom I am inter- ested ? How is Miss Grande this morning, my friend ?" he asked, with mock civility. " Is she pining for the fresh air, or ib she already speeding far away on the wings of liberty ?" He made a hit that time t I stared at him with- out, for the moment, power to wtter a word. At last I gasped : , . < " You confess that you assisted her to escape ?" " She is under my care. I move my finger, and were she piled under Pelion and Ossa I would re- lease her !" " You shall answer for it at the proper time !" I " You must not be angry with my friend, Grope," he continued. " He is a policeman,: and he is naturally thirsty. He has'a dry throat, and also a touch of the colic. I prescribe for him and he sleeps soundly all night and all morning, too. He will wake up with a headache, but he will live to serve on the force that he so much honours ; live to bud into another, if a lesser, ' Lecoq' Fox." I saw nothing humorous in the words, but they brough't a pale smile to the lips o2 the prisoner Durand, a foolishness that did not raise him in my estimation. I had admired the quiet resignation with which he bore his pains ¡ his uncomplaining admission to fate, and a certain quiet dignity in his manner ; but his smiles at the doctor's ribaldry set my teeth on edge. I turned to him and said : " You must enjoy visiting this scene again, Mr. Durand !" " If Mr. Durand is wise, Mr. Durand will hold his tongue until I ask him to speak," said the doctor authoritatively. Durand glanced at him a moment in surprise, then, probably obeying some signal that I did not catch, said : "The journey has wearied me very much. I prefer rest to speech." "My friend ' Lecoq'Fox might take a lesson of you," nodded the doctor. " I am his prisoner as well as you, Mr. Durand, but I think we both shall drink to his health in" full liberty before the day is i . i - » over, and had his wit been equal to bis assurance neither of us would have any cause for regret." I was thinking of more important matters, and allowed the doctor to turn his mental somersaults at leisure. Reaching his cottage, I found Police- man Grope just waking up from his drugged sleep, and read him a pretty severe lecture on his lack of cunning, and then dismissed him to inhale the fresh air and stand guard on the verandah. As he wat slouching ont in a very crestfallen manner the doctor-said : " One moment, Grope, and take this parting advise : Whenever you are called upon to play the spy under a sofa imitate ' Lecoq' Fox's cunning, and never leave the impression of your fingers and a handful of whiskers in the sticky fly paper." Again a pale smile came to the lips of. tho prisoner Durand, and again his foolishness set my teeth on edge. '" Sit down, Mr. Durand," I said, with quiet yet effective dignity. When he had obeyed, I added : "L would be your friend, Mr. Durand, but it depends on yourself. Now, as you know, a crime has been committed here ; but the reason why you have kept your lipa sealed no longer exists. Mrs._ Glaye is dead !" He started and became visibly paler ; but instead of answering me he turned to look at the doctor, as if seeking verification of my words. " Mrs. Glaye committed suicide," the doctor said, if he was conducting the examination and not I, "and you will serve the endB of truth best by telling all you know." He stared thoughtfully down on the floor for a rather long space of time ; then raised hiB head and directed his conversation to the doctor, and not to me. " The news is very painful to me, but I am not heroic enough to say that I do not feel a grain of 'consolation. What I suffered I deserved. I placed myself in her power. In a weak moment I coveted her wealth and forgot the woman whom I loved, and to whom I pledged my faith ; both are dead. Whether I rot in gaol, or in the fresh air is indif- ferent to me now. I speak under the supposition that my words will bring safety to others. I would not speak to them while I thought they might bring harm to a wretched woman." " You acted as I thought you would," said the doctor approvingly, "and had it not been for'Lecoi* Fox there would have been no tears and no empty pockets to spoil our laughter." Mr. Durand this time did not smile on the in- terruption, but continued as if he had not heard. " On a certain night I agreed to meet a young woman who loved me, who clung to me in spite of my brutalities ; brutalities, let me here say, in slight vindication of myself, assumed for the sake of keeping her out of the reach of an insanely jealous woman who had threatened to kill her. I did not meet Ella Constant,'" hiB voice trembled at the word, " but I meet a raging fury, Mrs. Glaye. I was compelled to listen to recriminations which I already knew by heart. I received a dagger thrust in the arm." " I had also a taste of it," murmured the doctor. " And I also received the information that the woman I was waiting for was dead; killed by the jealous, revengeful Mrs. Glaye. I parted with her believing that this statement was only uttered to torture me ; but when I heard that the dead body of Ella Constant was found I only realised the ex- tent of my misery. I ran away ; not to save myself, but to save the woman who had committed a crime out of her love for me. I was caught, and accepted all the blame. This is the truth ; whether it is be- lieved is now a matter of indifference to me. My desire for life died with Ella Constant. All the rest'is indifferent to me now." ' . ".Life is stupid," said the doctor, " bat philoso- phers accept it and make the most of it. When I assure my friend Lecoq Fox that all this little business-save the death of Mrs. Glaye, for which he is responsible-originated in my own brain, he will no doubt assert that he knew it already ; that he detected my villainy in the manuscript that he extracted from my desk. "Poor simpleton that I am! I wanted to marry Mrs. Glaye for her money, and I did not want even Mr. Duraud to prevent me. I had placed near Mrs. Glaye a little maiden whom I had known long, long ago, and whom I found in a heart-broken condition, and ready to commit suicide. She balieved in me, her old friend, and when I promised hep happiness she placed her- self unreservedly at my service. She was a good spy, and from her I heard the progress of the love affair between Mrs. Glaye and Mr. Durand ; for she had won that eccentric lady's good opinion^and was tojd everything." The doctor paused to stare at me in the most irritating manner, and I was goaded into saying : "Yo»take darkness and make it darker; but, doctor, you are not clever enough to keep my attention while one of your accomplices has a chance to escape." During the conversation I had kept my eyes and ears open, and I had seen a woman playing the part of eavesdropper in a neighbouring room; I now rose, and continued : > " Dr. Brandt, you may blind me once, but not twice ; you may cause the woman lone Grande- ro escape from Policeman Blind ; but you cannot hide her from my lynx eyes." ' With the words I juneapectly rushed into-the other room, and dragged the hiding lone Grande into tho-Kght, She struggled, but she was power- less in my grasp, and I dragged her into the sitting room. During the struggle a wig of black .hair fell off her head, and when I landed her in the centre of the sitting room, she stood a panting, blushing, laughing, blonde-haired young woman ! I was astonished, but Cyril Durand was amazed. He had' risen from his seat, but he stood frozen as if gazing at a ghost, trembling in every limb. Then with a groan he staggsred forward and fell in a dead faint at the woman's feet. She was speedily kneeling over him holding his head in her arms, kissing-him and calling him endearing names, and murmuring " I forgive you, dearest," in the most meaningless manner. What added to the aggravation was that Dr. Brandt sat silently in his- chair, hurling; his broad German smile in my direction, with an air of satis- faction that was disgusting. Assuming all my dignity, I said : "Can you give me an explanation of all this fainting and kissing business ?" " I am willing now to- satisfy you. To save a man to the woman who loved him, and to win for myself a wife with money, I invented this little plot of murder. Mrs. Glaye's continual threats to the unwilling Durand put the germ of the idea in my head. In roy plot thajfe was to be ino tragedy, in your stupidity you made one. I started the cry of murder when no murder was committed ; a quantity of bullock's blood was the only blood shed. In my efforts I was 'ably assisted by yonder blushing, happy little maiden, and had I risked more than I did risk, I would for her sake have done what I have done. Throagh her I got the shoe, the breastpin, the ring, and the hat and veil that were so useful to a wise detective. Mrs. Glaye threat- ened to kill Ella Constant. I started the report (¡hat Ella Constant was murdered to punish Cyril Dnrand for his feebleness, and to bring him to the arms that hungered for him, and to bring Mrs. Glaye into tha arms that hungered for her money ! That I was not completely successful is due to a certain idiat-" " Have you done ?" I asked angrily. " One moment more, my gasconading 'Lecoq.' Let me give yon a little more instruction, that you may be "wiser in your next case. Let me explain to yon I the actions of the 'doubly conscious,' Mrs. Glaye. The dagger which you stole was stained with the "blood of Mr. Durand, and of poor Dr. Brandt, whom the frenzied woman tried its point on. She went over to the pond to wash her hands, for in her abnormal condition she was cunning. The scratches on her hands were received in her struggles with me near the blackberry bushes. She went «ver to the deserted house to hide her jewels, of which fact she was unconscious in her normal condition. From your blabbing, my friend, I learnt of this, and so I dug up the tin case to obtain certain papers which contain family revelations that do not enter injbo the case. Abnormally she feared me ; normally she detested me. What I did I did to blind you. But, my friend, is Ella Constant dead ?" The man Durand had recovered, and had seated himBolf on the sofa, where he was now openly hold- ing the hand of the golden-haired woman, and murmuring every now and then, like a gasping fish: " Ella, dear Ella ! tell me once again that you forgive me. I am unworthy of you, but I always loved you, and you alone !" ?J" You caused the only tragedy, * Lecoq' Fox, caused it by your natural stupidity," said the doctor, I ! If the political superintendent had only obeyed my orders, if CONCLUDING- WORDS BY DR. BRANDT. I am a philosopher first and last. If, through the stupidity of a policeman, I lost the fair hand and the fair money of an estimable diseased and deceased lady, I can still smile. Am I to blame ? Ask the happy wife of Cyril Durand. Am I to blame ? Ask the happy hnsband of Bertha Glaye, who lives in luxury on the money that might have been mine. I plotted for money, but my hands and BOU! are free from crime or treachery. Can thousands and millions of the world's snccess cessful ones say so much ? My friend, I have lost the money I plotted for, but are yoa sorry for Mrs, Glaye? Disinterested sorrow is ennobling; bs sorry, but rest consoled with the knowledge that Mrs. Glaye escaped much physical agony by her wild act. The post-mortem examination proved that fact. Living, she would have dragged on a few years, to be racked by excruciating pain. She was better dead, although I am sorry to say that Cyril Durand refused the money Bertha begged him te accept. But his inventions proved profit- able at last, and he and his wife live in a very happy home. He is still weak-willed enough to allow his wife to rule him j but that is the ordinary concomitant of marriage, although I am willing to confess that Ella Joan Durand uses her authority with the most gentle and loving hand. They have persuaded me to live with them, and when I am not inventing; new dishes in the kitchen, I am playing with a very charming blue eyed, flaxen-haired girl, who is named Ella after her mother, and who has been taught to call me " grandpa." Am I to blame ? I hold the little child in my arms, I feel her soft little hands tear- ing at my spectacles and hair ; I glance towards a happy wife, made happy through my exertions, and who has always a loving smile for me on her face, and a loving place in her heart, and I am content. I cannot help regretting my sad loss now and then ; but perhaps, after all, I «as cut out for a bachelor, and who knows if I had wealth I might not have turned into a glutton. I have made others happy. While you blame me remember that fact, and profit by it in your own wiser way. [THE END-.] [In the room of this tale we shall begin next Tuesday the publication of an excit- ing and sensational story by an English authoress, entitled "WHO DID IT?" This 1 narrative abounds In interest, and chal- lenges curiosity at the outset.] , 