BOOKS AND THEIR TITLES. (London Evening Standard.) It is not the easiest thing on earth to get a good title for a book, although it may seem so. Unless the apt title springs ready -made from the midst of an author's mind he is likely to have a troublesome roundabout journey. What reader of Charles Dickens would imagine that he was over troubled about so simple a thing? Yet Forster's life of him shows up the fact, and in the chapter on "David Copperfield" we find the great writer proposing fresh names by every post, beginning with "Mag's Diversions," and running through "The Copperfield Disclosures," "the Copperfield Records," "Last Living Speech and Confession of David Copperfield," "The Copperfield Survey of the World as it Rolled," "The Last Will and Testament of Mr David Copperfield," "Copperfield Complete," and Copper- field's Entire." Wilkie Collins too, writes to Mr Chatto, "After inventing 20 titles, one worse than the other, I had gone out to make a last effort by roaming the streets. The result will be found over leaf. . . . Here are the suggested titles:— 'Drawing-room Stories,' 'Little Novels,' 'Mrs. Zant and the Ghost, and other Stones ' " In another letter he admits that his favourite, "Mrs Zant," is too long, and therefore decided upon "Little Novels." Certainly there are many authors who are not so energetic with their own brains, but prefer to fall back upon those of other people. It is not so very long since something of a stir was made with "Three Men in a Boat," and already we have "Two Girls on a Barge" while the same author's "Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow" have a kind of paternal look in them towards the "Lazy Thoughts of a Lazy Girl." Here and there, perhaps, the changed soul can manage to find some excuse for this sort of thing. The reverend authors of "The Greatest Fight in the World " and "The Strangest Thing in the World" may not have had the smallest design upon the sale of Professor Drummond's "Greatest Thing in the World." It may have seemed to them that they were, in the interests of their creed, simply using a new means of reaching the sinner's heart; but many a common-minded sinner might fairly suggest that these gentlemen should look about for their own titles. Unfortunately there are hosts of precedents upon which these "labour-saving" worthies may build. No sooner did "Gates Ajar" show itself to be a popular volume than we had "Gates" innumerable thrown open on us. F. D. Maurice's "Ecce Homo" was the base of a monument of "Ecces." The "Mys- tones of Udolpho " led the way for scores of mysteries that have since tried, with varying success, to puzzle the world of novel-readers — from the "Mysteries of Paris," "Mysteries of London," and "Mysteries of St. Petersburg, to the "Mystery of Edwin Drood" (the most real mystery of the lot), and the "Mystery of a Hanson Cab." The "Pleasures of Imagination" drew out a number of titles of the same mould, Campbell's "Pleasures of Hope ' among them, the "Treasuries" (golden and leaden) have been most logically attractive to title-hunters; while as for in- interrogatory titles, their name is legion, beginning with Lytton's "What Will He Do With It?" and trailing off through E. P. Roe's "What Can She Do?" into a perfect maze of "Which is Which?" "Which Does She Love?" and the rest. Of course many of these imitative titles may have arisen without the slightest intention on the author's part of copying anyone else. When Dickens entitled his third story "Nicholas Nickleby" it is just possible that he was not consciously thinking of Smollett's "Random" or "Peregrine Pickle," in spite of the family resemblance. He may have merely chosen the name with the object of steering clear of titular plagiarism. The custom of using proper names is an old and fairly safe one. It was adopted by Shakespeare in "King John," "Othello," and "Hamlet," by Richardson, Fielding, Smollet, and Scott, as well as in more recent times by Thackeray in "Esmond" and "Pen- dennis," George Eliot in "Adam Bede" "Romola," and others, Charlotte Bronte in "Jane Eyre," and Kingsley in "Alton Locke." The best excuse for the proper name title was given by Scott when he told Lockhart that curiosity was piqued to know something of the individual. Perhaps this was witty Washington Irving's idea when he named his first production "Salmagundi." A title so different from the general run would have at least the market value of a novelty, and it would not be likely that in such a meaningless combination of letters he would stumble on a name that had been already used. He himself never tried to give a meaning to it. The strange title served his purpose of catching the wandering eye, and thenceforth it was dismissed from debate, Irving simply telling his readers that "as everybody knows, or ought to know what a Salma- gundi is, we shall spare ourselves the trouble of an explanation." Very different is the rambling style of the Puritan writers, though, here and there, one finds something catchy about them. Here are a few characteristic ones: " Crumbs of Comfort for Chickens of the Covenant;" "Eggs of Charity, Layed by the Chickens of the Covenant, and Boiled in the Water of Divine Love," "Hooks and Eyes for Believers' Breeches," "A Most Delectable Sweet Perfumed Nosegay for God's Saints to Smell At;" "High- heeled Shoes for Dwarfs in Holiness;" "Sixpenny- worth of Divine Spirit" (suggestive); "A Sigh for the Sinners of Zion, Breathed Out of a Hole of the Wall of an Dai them Vessel, Known Among men by the name of Samuel Fish," "A Reaping Hook Well tempered for the Stubborn Ears of the Coming Crop, or Biscuits Baked in the Oven of Charity, carefully Conserved for the Chickens of the Church, the Sparrows of the Spirit, and the Sweet Swallows of Salvation," and, as a last specimen, the " Bank of Faith," on which, some time since, Mr. Spurgeon issued a "Cheque Book." These religious extravagancies were sometimes matched by secular writers of the period, as when, for instance, Chapman published the last of his manful translations of Homer under the ponderous title of "The Crown of all Homer's Works: Batrachomio machia, his Hymns and Epigrams," and more especially in that long-winded precursor of the countless "Gems of Literature," Literary Caskets," and like "selections" published in 1576 by George Gascoigne. This work is entitled, "A hundred sundrie flowers, bound up in one small poesie; gathered partly by translartion in the fine and outlandish gardens of Euripedes, Ovid, Petrarke, Ariosto, and others, and partly by invention, out of our own fruitfulle orchardes in Englande, yielding sunday sweet savoures of tragicall, comicall, and morall discourses, both pleasant and profitable to the well-smelling noses of learned readers." Undoubtedly the best titles are those which briefly hint at the contents of the volume. The best examples of these are to be found among our essayists and novelists. No amount of fanciful allegory could have better entitled their books than the names chosen by Landor, Ruskin, and Thackeray in their respective works "Imaginary Conversations," "Modern Painters," and "Round- about Papers." Our typical classic periodicals could not better have expressed their leisurely observant nature than in their titles of Rambler, Idler, Spectator, Tatler, and Guardian. Whilst, among novels, we have many such titles as "The Pirate," by Scott; "The Spy," by Cooper, "Great Expectations," by Dickens, ''Vanity Fair," by Thackeray, and "Hard Cash," by Charles Reade — all sufficiently enticing as tales, and containing more or less the essentials of a good title, viz., originality, brevity, point, and, above all, the quality of being easy to remember. The humorous side of the subject is seen when a book bears a title which unintentionally has more than one meaning. Whoever, relying on his Latin, should buy "Sartor Resartus" (The Tailor Patched) for a fashion book, would not be more surprised than the young lady who took down Bunyan's "Grace Abounding" from the shelf, thinking it was a tale of the Grace Darling type. And her mistake was only on a par with the cleric who bought Marion Crawford's romantic "Zoroaster" with the vain hope of getting up a lecture from it on the Prince-prophet of the Parsees; with the man who bought Dr Oliver Wendell Holmes's "Autocrat of the Breakfast Table" as a cookery book for his wife; or with the German librarian who classified Mr. Rider Haggard's "King Solomon's Mines" among theological works. A New York telegram gives (says the Spectator) a curious quotation from the National Pro- visioner — an American trade journal — in regard to the manufacture of tinplate. It appears that, owing to want of skill on the part of the American workmen, the attempt to set up tin-plate manufacturers in the States is a failure: — "The reason why we do not make tin-plate in this country is plain. We might as well ask why we do not make Bohemian glassware and French porcelain. It is because it takes skilled labour . . . . . The American workman is clever, and learns quickly, but we have it on good authority that the percentage of unsuitable offshoots received from the two American factories able to turn out any at all is so large that they cannot be worked at a profit. The manufacturers cannot account for the difficulty further than that the terne mixture does not ad- here to the sheets of tin, but runs off like quicksilver from certain parts of the sheet, making it unfit for use." The facts here disclosed show that England possesses commercial resources in the hereditary skill of her workmen hitherto hardly calculated on. We fancy that a good many of the so-called mechanical processes are in reality as dependent on personal skill as the old handicrafts. Sir William M'Gregor, Governor of British New Guinea, recently ascended Mount Yule, or Kovio, as he prefers to call it. The Kovio range is volcanic, and isolated from the main chain of which Mount Owen Stanley is the culmination. The Kovio range is under 11,000ft. high, and is wooded to the very summit. Native tracks lead through the forest to the top of Mount Yule, on the south- west front of which there is a magnificent series of cascades, having a height of 4000ft in all. A new river and a new lake were also discovered: but the animal life of the region was far from abundant. 