SOCIAL GOSSIP. SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM HOME. From a London Correspondent. LONDON, Dec. 26. The subject of Mr. Parnell is decidedly "off" for the present But the following story, with which Mr. Matthews has been amusing his friends, may be worth record In his early days at the Home Office he found that his department was chronically much concerned about the doings and the safety of a mysterious gentleman resid ing in the Regent's-park, who never went out during the daylight, but for whom a horse was brought from some unknown stable every night at about 10 o'clock. No sooner had the horse arrived than the gentleman, who had evidently been waiting for it behind the hall door, would dart out, mount it, and gallop away towards Kilburn or Highgate as if the Evil One were at his heels. No one ever found out how or when he re-entered the house ; but certain it was that he did so, for each succeeding night found him awaiting his steed. The theory formed by Scotland-yard and the Home Office was that the gentleman knew himself to be marked for assassination, being pro bably a renegade Nihilist, or possibly a foreign voluptuary who had incurred the wrath of an insensate father. As four or five Russian Nihilists, or " Scopski," have been made away with in London during the last few years, the Home Office was urgent in its instructions to the police to take care of the mysterious gentleman, and shadow any loiterers who might be banging about when the horse was due. The heats were all doubled, and not the Queen herself was more an object of solicitude than the un known one. In time it came to pass that one of the constables thus employd^ was pro moted for his vigilance and intelligence to the division of police which guards the House of Commons itself; and as he stood by the side of his new chief, Superintendent Horeeley, what was his astonishment to see the recluse of Regent's-park respectfully saluted by the various members of the force ; and on his in voluntarily exclaiming, " Lud, if itaint old Tam o' Shanter hisself," he was pressed for an explanation, which being in due course related to Mr. Matthews, led that astute man of the world to perceive that the recluse was haunted by a fear of nothing more formidable than the detectives of Captain O'Shea; and the precautions previously enforced were thenceforth re laxed. It should be explained that at York terrace, Regent's-park, where the incidents happened, the hall door of each house is at the back, and is connected with the dwelling itself by a long passage. The front of each house joins on to a garden skirted by a road in the park itself, and Mr. Parnell probably found his way back " over the garden wall." I believe that the name of Sir John Pope Heunessy, M.P. for North Kilkenny, is not one of good odour in colonial nostrils. There is a humorous " Agent- General" in London who is used to 6ay that the most important branch of his business has hitherto con sisted in pressing for periodical assurances from, the Colonial Minister that Sir John shall not be sent to govern the colony which that Agent-General represents. Nevertheless, for Londoners who have only met him in his private capacity, "the Pope," as he is called, is a quaint, sympathetic, witty, and likeable little person, overflowing with reminiscence —some of it venomous enough—and possess ing an enormous store of anecdote on every conceivable subject, from ■ the history of murder as a fine art to that of old silver and Oriental enamels. His appearance is singu larly pleasant; all the more so since his hair became silvered. His features are refined, and his eyes of exceptional beauty, and he is always a dandy in his dress. His fellow-memliers of the Carlton are chronically in two minds, whether to expel him, or join him at his luncheon-table. Whether they will stand his ooming into Parliament on theshouldere oftheGladstonian sectinnofthe Irish Nationalists remains to be Been; but hitherto the fact tliat he is "the best com pany in England" has served to obtain for him immunity from the consequences of his political aberrations. As a colonial Governor, Pope Hennessy's speciality was his aptitude for driving his higher subordinates into a condition of freneied rebellion. How deep was the resentment which he could excite is illustrated by an anecdote which was told to me by an Englishman who visited CypruB at the time when " the Pope " was a colonial Governor in another colony. In Cyprus my friend made the acquaintance of a high official who came from the colony which " the Pope" was actually governing, and whq was serving at just | his-former salary, but glad to make any sacrifice,both in' pay and (as it will be1 Been) in other conveniences of life, in order1 to be free from the terrors of serving under Sir John. The Crown colon}' from which he had Red happens to be singularly rich, and I a model of luxurious elegance in all that re lates to municipal life, such as the keeping* of the streets and modes of transport. In CypruB it is otherwise. The place is rough and uncivilised, and the natives are allowed to do much as they please, in their old piggish way. One night my friend and the official exile, together with the ladies of the latter'B family, were returning from a Nicosia dance. There are no gas lamps in that capital, and the exiled one was leading the way with a lantern. Presently the lantern disappeared, then the ladies, and, last of all, my friend also«-the whole party having tumbled into a deep ditch which some Greek hod amused himself by cutting across the highway in order to obtain a water supply from the public con duit. As the whole party were lloundcring in the slush of this living grave, the official exile (who was bottom of all) was heard feebly remarking to my friend, "Now, per haps, you'll understand the strength and depth of my hatred for Hennessy. This isn't exactly the way we go home from a ball in mv old colony." The present week has witnessed a curious if not wholly edifying ceremony—the burial of a Duchess of Northumberland in the terribly corpse-crowded precincts of West minster Abbey. So full is the available grave space that many question the judgment of Dean Bradeley in allowing the interment of ltobert Browning within the abbey, liven the space for mural tablets of great men buried elsewhere has become so scarce that a movement is on foot for adding to the abbey a sort of "annex" to serve as "a national Walhalla," as it is called by Mr. Shaw Lefevre, the father of the project; and this would long ago have been done if it had not involved cutting olf a piece of Mr. Labou chere'8 back garden, who lives under the shadow of the abbey in a roomy old palace, which till he took it in hand had been for a century past occupied by dingy offices. Mr. Laboucherc, by the way, is accustomed to declare that the chief attraction which the house has for him is that it possesses a sub terranean passage excavated by some un known conspirator of the past, and running right under the centre of the lloor of the House of Lords and thus affordintr facilities for "ending" that institution if all chance of " mending" it fails. The opinion among antiquaries is that the passage was not excavated with any political object, but simply for convenience of smug gling hogsheads of foreign wine from barges in the river. It would, however, obviously spoil a good joke to push on the work of clearing the debris so as to prove that the tunnel had an exit at the river side, and beyond the point under the woolsack the passage re mains blocked. However, to return to the obsequies of the duchess. The right of " the Percys " to bury in the abbey is a traditional one. Formerly other families claimed a similar right, but they have all waived it except the Northumberland Percys, who pro bably cling to it all the more tenaciously because they are not Percys, but Smithsons in the male line. Happily for the abbey authorities the Percys have not always in sisted on their rights. It iB 116 years since a Duchess of Northumberland was last buried in the abbey. The last Percy funeral in the abbey, or at all events the last which excited any public notice, was that of Hugh, third Duke of Northumber land, who died in February, 1847—the last bnt one of an extinct branch of the Smith son-Percys, noted for the physical misfor tunes of their last representatives. Duke Hugh is said to have died of seeing the Siamese twins. What caused the shock was not so much a feeling of pity for these unfor tunate men as the thought that it was possible that the then Duchess might present him with a similar addition to the Northum berland family. Lawyer after lawyer was consulted on the question, if such an event were to happen, which of the two would be heir to the dukedom. In vain did these wretched men Beek to cloak their legal ignorance by pointing out that the Duke and Duchess were well stricken in years, and, never having had any children, were not likely to be so blessed by heaven in the future. Tortured by the insoluble problem, the unhappy Duke took to his bed and gave up the ghost The Duchess, who was quietly buried the other day, is well known in the religious history of the century as one of the saints of the Irvingite Church, she and her husband having been the main benefactors by whose bounty that now rotten sterile lx>dy was enriched by the possession of the most beautiful modem cathedral in England. She was a singularly good woman, and in very truth a mother to all the vast number of people who, as tenants, labourers, or ser vants, depend upon the house of Northum berland. Her father was Henry Drummond, M. P., one of thebankingfamily, a man famous inhisday for his wit, eccentricity, and learning. As a sample of the curious theories he used to hold, it may be mentioned that he used to assert that there were always 4,000,000 Jews in the world—no mote and no less. The Jewish population might appear in places to increase, nut this was fallacious, for, for every Jew bom into the world, some other Jew died, far or near, at the instant of his birth. He gave as a reason for this singular dispensation of Providence, that having regard to the acreage and rainfall of the Holy Land, 4,000,000 Jews were all who could comfortably be located there ; and with him rpfifnratinn nf Hip ,1p\VS to Palestine under a millennial dispensation was an event hourly to be expected. He was one of the "twelve apostles" of the Irvingite Church, and it was he who imbued his daughter and her husband with their Irvingite enthusiasm. The Archbishop of York, who died yester day, was a sturdy north-country "John Hull" of a man, enormously respected in his province, although latterly, and indeed nearly always, at war with his own dean and chapter. He owed his advancement in life to his book, The Outline of the 2?ece$sary Lam of Thoiyjh t, which enabled the philosophy of Hamilton and Hansel to be unaeretandcd of the people, and thus scored as a counter-blow to the in fluence of Mill. The little book attracted the favourable attention of the Prince Con sort, and by hiB influence its author received promotion to the not very desirable bishopric of Gloucester and Bristol, in respect of which he was consecrated a bishop on the day of the Prinoe Consort's death. His interests thus became, in the eyes of the Queen.a sacred legacy from her husband, and when two years later the archbishopric of York fell vacant she insisted on his appointment to it in preference to Dr. Waldegrave, bishop of Carlisle, one of the Shaftesbury-Palmerston prelates, who is famous as the hero of the apocryphal story which makes him sny to n Greek Testament cIbss, " As the text appears rather obscure, gentlemen, perhaps it is allowable to us to refer to the original"— thereby meaning the English translation. The appointment of a man of only 41, who hod done no better than to gain a "third class " degree at the University, to a post of £10,000 a year, excited an ebullition of jealousy in the church more ferocious even than that which greeted the recent appoint ment of Dean Davidson to the see of Rochester—the agitation being acerbated by the fact that Dr. Thomson was then, as always, in ill odour with the High Church party. It was a wit or a libeller of this section who invented the story that the Archbishop, joining his beauty-wife^ after dinner with Lord Falmcrstou's letter in his hand, the contents of which he stated to her, was greeted with the severely uxorial re J"arki " You've had too much wine, Dr. Thomson,* 