The Late Rev. Hugh Gilmore. In a paper entitled, "My Intellectual Awakening," the late Hugh Gilmore, who died recently at Adelaide, wrote: In tracing a person's intellectual development, it is, no doubt, proper to consider the influence of heredity, but I am not able to do that, neither can I give any account of my childhood. All the early part of my life lies hidden under a dark cloud, which has grown denser as the years have passed, and which I never wish now to be lifted. My first recollections are of the busy streets of a large city; they were my home, my school, and my playground. I lived in them, slept in them, played in them, starved in them, and nearly perished in them. Within a certain area I knew every lane and alley, every hole and corner, where the flagstones were warmest at every hour of the day, and the most sheltered nook when the piercing winds blew at night. O! I often hear people speak of the sweet happy days of childhood, and the joys of their early home, but memory yields me no such pleasant recollections. Often, as I search through her dark chambers, a chill creeps over my $pirit, and I question if it is not the shadow of some fearful dream she still retains. I was thrown amongst the poorest of the poor, with whom were associated many of the offenders against society, the sinning ana sinned against. As I sit here alone in the still watches of the night, endeavouring to recall the early days of sorrow and sadness, how vividly come to my mind the names and forms of many of my com- panions, whom I have not seen or heard of for nearly forty years. I wonder where they have all gone, how they have fared in the journey of life, and whether we shall ever meet again ? I recall the scenes that make me shudder, and experiences that deepen my thankfulness to God, and my passion to help in some little way to rescue those who are perishing. The poor know each other more intimately than the comfortable and well-to- do. Their mutual suffering brings them into more sympathetic intercourse, and they are not re- strained by conventionalism. I knew some of my companions intimately. They were, no doubt, sinners against society; they were doomed to live by their wits, and in the fierce struggle took ad- vantage where opportunity was given. There were some of them foul with sin, ignorant, coarse, sensuous, vicious, if vice belongs to the flesh; but as a rule they were generous, self-denying on be- half of each other, and tender. I fear to offend those whose knowledge of human nature has been gained from communion with only one class, and who are dominated by an abstract pre-judgement; but this I must say, that among the unfortunate and the outcast I knew many with splendid possi- bilities in them, and a rudimentary spirituality, which, in favourable circumstances, would have made them eminent in the Church and the world. My early contract with the poorest of the poor excited in me a belief in the goodness of human nature and a sympathy for men as men, indepen- dent of their circumstances; and this proved a powerful element in my intellectual progress. My sympathy with human nature has enabled me to understand it; my confidence in its goodness has enabled me to help men. All the outward con- ditions of my early life were hard and coarse, and yet the ideal elements were kept alive. Two things contributed to this. A poor old woman with whom I found shelter earned her living by winding yarn with a spinning-wheel. The remuneration was so poor that she had to work late into the night, and for the sake of company she told me stories. I remember well how I sat by the fireside, where only a spark was burning, listening with rapt at- tention to tales of wraiths and warnings, of ghosts and fairies, and enchanted castles, and haunted houses, until I dare not move from the corner lest some spiritual visitant would seize me. I dreamt of all the tales I heard, I peopled all the dark lanes and corners with spiritual presences, and to this hour I feel the influence of those stories told me in the early days. When I was able to earn a few coppers daily, one half-penny was spared every evening to visit a theatre, familiarly known as the " Geggie," where the legitimate drama was rendered before my astonished eyes. I will not break the course of the narrative to discuss here the influence and place of the theatre, as I wish my readers to bear in mind the conditions surrounding my life and the object I have in view in writing these reminiscences. For one half- penny every night I escaped for an hour from the hardness, coarseness, misery, and degradation of my actual life, into the ideal. What mattered it that the leading tragedian lisped, or that the angel who delivered the captive was coarse and vulgar ? The whole thing to me was a splendid representation of virtue rewarded, and vice and villainy punished. Oh ! how often have I sat there unconscious of hunger and cold, of the hard world without, and my lonely lot, wrapped up in the sorrows of some hapless wight against whom the stress of the world was too great. I owe a debt of gratitude to the performers of the " Geggie" for the relief they afforded me, and the contribution they made to the education of my imagination and poetic sensibility. I learnt to read and write. I was privileged to find a schoolmaster who awakened in me a new ideal of manhood. He was a man of a large loving nature, tender but firm, kind but just. I had been accustomed to such large liberty that he had great difficulty in sub- duing me, but I never remember that he once physically chastised me; he subdued me by his firmness, he won me by his love, and if I had been permitted to remain under his care my intellectual and spiritual nature might have been quickened. But in a very short time I had to recommence the fight for life. My short experience under his care, however, put me in a position to find plea- sure in books, and from that period I became a reader. How gratefully I recall the memory of that man, and if I had been writing an auto- biography containing all the elements that formed my life, what an important place he would have to fill. Peace to his memory. He did me a ser- vice which I can never repay, but for which I hope some day to thank him when we meet in the higher sphere. 