Ghosts and Mystories. SOME STAOE ' OH'TOATj IfcLUSCONS.' It has been reserved for its morlurn professors to raise the art of optical deception to the dignity of a. scientific performance by availing themselves of modern discoveries in optics, pneumatics, electricity, and other branches o£ know ledge presumably unknown to the ancient world. Tiie majority of the feats performed depend upon clever ar rangements of reflecting or li«;htab sorbiiig surfaces, which entirely deceive the eye at even very close quarters. But this field has very lately been intruded on by the addition or substitu tion of mechanical devices, by the aid of which apparent miracles are per formed, rivalling the wonders recorded by Eastern travellers. ' pepper's Ghost ' and ' the beauti ful niobe.' Pepper's Ghost was based upon the simple principle that the image of any person or thing projected upon a reflecting surface with . a dark back ground, was refracted to apparently the same distance behind that surface — a result seen every day in an ordinary mirror, but owing to its startling effect to the dark and hollow hnnlnrivinnH which allowed a real person to apparently walk through the refracted image. Some dozer, years ago (says a writer in ' Invention ') Mr. Pepper, in conjunction with Mr. Walker, invented the mysterious change trick, in which a mau was apparently changed into a woman, and vice-versa, on the stage in full view of the audience. This, like the ' ghost,' was a purely optical device, and was revivified with some modifications last year by another performer. Long previous to this, the 'Talking Head ' had been successfully exhibited all over the world. The spectator saw what was apparently a four-legged table standing on an empty stage. Upon this table was a human head, obviously attached to a body, as it was undoubtedly that of a live person ; but how the body was concealed puzaled many thousands- of spectators for a considerable time. The next to succeed Professor Pepper's first illusion, if we mistake not, was the ' Beautiful Niobe,' which consisted of an appar ently human head turned to stone, which at the command of the exhibitor again became endowed with lifp anrl was followed by the 'Strange Lad v,' exhibited at the Eoyal Aquarium, and Bomewhat of the same order as the ' Talking Head.' The lady reposes bodyless on three brass bars, and to prove that there is no deception Dr. Jennings opens the door at the back, through which an uninterrupted view can be obtained, proving that the illusion in not created by means of reflectors. Few ever succeed in dis covering ' how it is done,' and tha majority are even more puzzled by the ' ma«ic hand,' shown at the same time, and which has frequently defied the scrutiny of even professional conjurors. Dr. Jennings was the first performer who started this class of entertainment at Westminister, and that it should have continued to be a success for so long a period is a strong testimony to its fascination. ' Titaujia1' Among tho most notable examples of the ileceptio visits that have from tiniR to time startled the uninitiated arc the inventions of a gentleman whose name may be quite unfamiliar to our readers, but whose productions have found their way to every part of the habitable globe. The gentleman in question, Mr. J. H. Winston, unlike most per formers, does not attach his name to the advertisements announcing his ex hibitions, but he is well known to all professors of the mystic art as the inventor of all the illusions that have appeared at the Crystal Palace for some years past. One of his first productions, 'Thauma,' he first produced at the place of entertainment in connection with the celebrated conjurer, Dr. Lynn in 1SS1. ? This is probably the best known of Mr. Winston's inventions, as there is scarcely a city of importance in any part of the world where it has not been exhibited. The solution of the mystery is ridiculously simple, it was once written : ' The lady is placed upon an inclined plane, her head shoulders, and arms alone boing visible, The plane on which her body lies is invisible in the darkness beneath. At the nock, however, begin a false bust, elegantly ' corsetted,' the waist of which touches thecentre of tho board on which her trunk is apparently swinging. The false bust is in the same parpen dicular with her head, shoulders, and arms, and she might be stabbed in the apparent region of the heart with the sharpest of daggers without sustaining the slightest injury.' Mr. Winston, however, states that the real explana tion 'of the illusion is not quite so 'ridiculously simple' ns this writer appears to think. The explanation given above, like the anatomy of the lady, is ' all right so far as it goea ; but the real secret lies in the produc tion of the darkness below the waist. Mr. 'Winston discovered a method of absorbing all rays of light falline unon the inclined plane and thus rendering it invisible, and it was by this means, and not merely by keeping the lowc half of the lady ' in the dark,' that the illusion i& really produced. ' SHE-WHO-MUST-IIE-OBEYED.' Among Mr. Winston's other produc tions may be mentioned ' Ihdas,' an improved kind of 'Thauma,' in which the darkness referred to above was converted into a blaze of light, a ' vanishing lady1 on a principle never used by any other performer, and the mysterious ' She-must be-obeyed,' the secret of which has baffled expert ex ponents of ' modern magic.' In the latter illusion the visitor sees before .him,' suspended in mid air, a small brizon urn about G inches in depth, and out of this small receptacle, which is said to corjtaiR the ashes of the ti- rribie .' White' Queen,' but which would oer tainly not hold an ordinary sized biby, rises a full-grown lady, who demon strates her substantiality by tapping the sides and bottom of the urn and finally retires into the same narrow compass, leaving the amazed spectators vainly puzzling out 'how it's done.' ' Cleopatra, tho magic of the ancient Egyptians resuccitated and restored,' is also another of this gentleman's inventions, and consists of a serious of startling illusions and effects illustrative of Mr. Rider Haggard's novel of that naniH ' The Maid or the Moon.' But of all Mr. Winston's pro ductions the palm must certainly be awarded to his latest ' II Misterio Voltante,' oc the ' Maid of the Moon,' produced at the Crystal Palace. The entire back of the stage is occupied by an immense moon, which is illuminated from behind. The only object of- this large transparent surface is to render it impossible for any opaque substance, however small or fine, such as wira or string, to be interposed between the audience and this transparency without its being at once detected by the sharp eyes of the spectators. After a brief introduction, Mr. Winson leads his subject, a young lady about 5 feet 6 inches in height, on the very front of tho stage, within about 6 feet of the audience, and after putting her into a mesmeric trance she immediately as cends several feet and performs most astonishing evolutions in mid air at the bidding of the exhibitor. Mr. Winston gives practical demonstrations of the impossibility of the subject being supported by wires or strings, and considering that the whole exhibition takes phce almost within reach of the audience, and 8 or 10 feet in front of the illuminated background, it would seem an impossibility to support the lady by mechanical means without its being at once apparent to the spec tators. A similar illusion was for some time exhibiting under the management of Bl. Carl Hertz, and many have regretted to find that it is now closed. It produced an excellent effect, but was not accomplished in quite the same manner as Mr. Winston's. MR. MASKELTNE'S LATEST. We have reserved until the last any special allusion to Mr. Maskelyne, who, this notwithstanding, is probably the master inventors in the illusive art. This is the latest and certainly the most startling deception yet pre sented at the headquarters of mystery, tho Egyptian Hall. A well-grown young lady is placed in a cage of appro oriate size, in full view of the audience, and this is placed on a wooden stand, previously handed round for examination by the audience, so as to negative the idea of its being possible to use a trap-door. The cage, with its occupant, is then covered with a thin silk cloth, just fitting the exterior; the performer keeps the attention of the audience for a few seconds while he is apparently adjusting the cloth, when he suddenly grasps it with his hands, and cage and lady have vanished. This, of course, depends on mechanical, as distinct irom optical, means, but it is none the less one of the most startling if not, as we incline to think, the very best ever offered to the London public. A Pkiiformance in- the East Were we to turn to the east, there would be no lack of most interesting matter in this connection. The narra tor of the following was himself an excellent amateur prestidigitateur : 'The apartment being filled, the magicians began their performance. The audience sat on the floor about the fakirs, so that they had no way of concealing themselves or of hiding .anything. At their request I examined them and satisfied myself that they had nothing about them. Then one of the women stepped into the enclosure, the rest remaining behind the spectators, who who formed a close ring about them. The light was now turned down a little, and in a moment the woman's face began to be illuminated by a ghostly light that ex tended quickly over her entire body. She then began to move round and round, uttering a low murmuring sound the while, gradually quickening tho pace until she was whirling about like a top. A moment of this, and the light that had clung about her assumed a pillar-like form beside her. As soon as this was accomplished she stopped, turned, and began to mould the light with her hand, and though I could distinctly see her hands move through the light as if it were a cloud, it began to assume human form. We saw the arms, hands, and legs all moulded, and finally a face and headgear. She next called for a light, and the candles being relighted, there stood an utter stranger a native Beamingly evoled out of cloud land. He stepped forward and grasped me by the hand ; his hands were moist, aa if with perspiration, and he was a very healthy spirit. After he had talked and drunk a glass of arrack he took his place beside the woman again and began to whirl about. The lights were dimmed, but not so that we could not see, and in few moments the figure began to fade, soon assuming the ap pearance of a pillar or form of light, and then attaching itself to the woman, and seemingly beingabsorbed by her. All this was done in a very short space of time, before tho eyes of at least 50 people, and not 10 feet from myself. The girl appeared greatly exhausted afterwards. Now this would be explained by the spiritualist as a materialisation, and by tha Psvcholocical Sooietv as some new sense or power, &e.;, but, between you and me, who know that all things can be explained by cold facts, it was merely a clever trick, so skilfuliy done that I did not discover it in any other way or shape.' — Pall Mall Budget, June IS. Printed and published for the Dablino- Downs Nbwspapbe Company, (Limited), by John Tbomas CosnaAK, at tho Regis tered Ofllca of the Company, M«rgaret rrcet, Twiroomba, 