THE AMERICAN INDIANS, Mr. R. B. Cunninghame Graham, H J. writes as follows to the Daily Granite. under date 28th November ;-~íhe special correspondent of the Sim at Pine Ridge. Dakota, keeps us informed of the move ments of the Indians now massing their forces at Cherry Creek. Glancing over the evening papers -we see that the Sioux are dancing the Ghost Dance, and learn that in the opinion of the perspicacious correspondent the settlers expeofctobe robbed and murdered. Some of us may say, <. Con. found these Indians, they ought to be shot down." Yes, smokeless powder is your true civilisers after all. There is no good Indian but a dead Indian, which we know is true, for have not American humorists declared it, and has not a tender- hearted public in two continents affirmed their declaration with a laugh. Artists -wish they could be present to see the ears ' mony. Those who, in pursuit of money have been in the " Territory," the whisky sellers, the Bible pedlars, the land spaouV lators (having caught the phrase from some frontier man), tell us Indians aspirin" and, like Peter, seal the lie with an oath. The general public glances over the telegrams from Omaha and hopes that there will be no bloodshed, then turns to discuss the recent political scandals and the privy rent details connected with the private life of party leaders, which, of course, we all know are of vastly more importance than the extermination of legions of heathen Indians. Still, there are few who really realise what is going on in the snow at Cherry Creek, what the Messiah really the Indians are looking for, and who the Ghosts are who are dancing. A. Ghost Dance to the Sioux is what the Holy War is to the Mahommedan, what the Last Prayer (faith present or faith absent) is to the Christian. The Sioux can stand no more ; therefore, they are dancing to the ghosts of their forefathers to arise and help them against their enemies. Only an Indian superstitions Looking for a Messiah. Waiting for a Las Casas who will never come. I wonder if the British public realises that it is the Sioux themselves who are the ghosts, dancing. Ghosts of a primeval races Ghosts of ghosts who for 800 years, through no crimes committed by themselves (except that of being born), if it be not a crime to love better the rustle of the grass than the shrieking of the engine, have suffered their long purgatory. Ghosts who were men. The Messiah these poor people are waiting for our poor people Here in London also look for. But both will look in vain, Justice will not come either to Cherry Greek, no, nor yet to Whitechapel. The buffalo have gone first their bones whitening in long lines upon the prairies, the elk have retired into the extreme deserts of Oregon, the beaver is exterminated to make jackets for the sweaters wife, the Indian must go next, and why not, pray ? Is he not of less value than the other three? Let him make place for better things for the drinking shop, for the speculator, for the the church. Let him realise that in the future, where he changed his polities for heads-and powder, two gills of whisky shall be sold for a quarter "Men say the change is good (but good is merely relative), perhaps good enough for him, but death, indeed, for all ghost dancers. Civilisation, perhaps, one day, will remember them when the civilised Indians commercialism is creating ore dancing round the flames of European capitals. But Rocky Bear and the Little Wound, Short Bull, and Sleeping Water have had enough, they have taken horse, mounting light as drops of water (from the off-side) silently, in single file, never stopping but to squat and pass the pipe round; each man holding his pony by the menace, they are marching on Cherry Creek. But the Kiowas, the Cheyenne, the Araphoes, the Comanches have braided their bowels' mines. They (who before civilisation loved one another as the dwellers in Liddesdale and ¡Bewcastledals did of old are friends. They have mounted their best horses, they are coming through, the day, they are coming through the night, across the frozen prairie (the dry grass hardly crackling beneath the branches feet), they are passing the whispering red woods, coming through the lonely canyons, marching silently as ghosts son "Cherry Creek- across the lands that once were theirs to take counsel with the ghosts of those their former owners. Better that they should come and smoke and dance, " dance for ten days without food or water," better far that they should die fighting, than by disease and whisky. Outrages they will commit, of that there is a certainty, but all they can do can scarce atone for all that they and theirs have suffered. Tricked by all, outwitted, plundered by the Christian speculator, better far that they should die fighting, and join the ghosts who went before them. This I want the world to recognise, that even Indians do not contemplate their own extermina- tion without centuries of suffering Wfl might have taught them, something they might have taught us much i soon they will be all forgotten, and the lying telegrams will speak of " glorious victories by our troops." Once more she will be committed in the name of law and progress. It is a hard case to decide on, no matter from what side you approach it these men have lived too long, better, therefore, they die fighting. No one will regret them (but myself except, perhaps, their ponies, who may feel their new owners' hands heavy on the horsehair bridle. The majesty of civilisation will be vindicated, one more step towards universal hideousness attained, and the Darwinian theory of the weakest to the wall have received another confirmation to strengthen those who want to use it against the weakest here in Europe. English journals announce the death of Lord Tollemache, who has long been known was esteemed as the model landlord of England Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Chamberlain have repeatedly directed attention to the consummate skill with which he administered his two large estates. Lord Tollemache's action in providing each of his cottage tenants with 3 acres and a cow was the origin of that historical phase 