COLONIAL CHAMPAGNE. A correspondent resident in Lilydale writes :—Several attempts have been made, but with little success, to manufacture champagne in these colonies; and it may interest your readers to examine into the principal causes of these failures. Doubtless vines can be trans planted from auy country and successfully cultivated here, and in many cases with eutire success. But is it not possible that in the more delicate species the change of climate and soil may be more apparent than in the commoner kinds ? But this point may be set aside until more important ones are examined. The finst defect that strikes a connoisseur in the colonial champagne is the character of the mousse (effervescence or bread), which is weak aud of short duration, the contents of a bottle soon after opening becoming perfectly fiat. Now, this is a capital defict; it is like ' Hamlet" with- <: out the Ghost" or a Trades' Hall leader without a grievance ! Let us therefore examine into its cause. The effervescence of champagne is caused by the decomposition of sugar, ic3ultino in the development of carbonic acid gas. With the help of the alcohometer and saccbaroineter, the wine before bottling from the cask is brought to a degree of sugar that, will produce a given amount of carbonic acid gas and a consequent pressure per square inch in the bottle, influenced considerably by the temperature. It necessarily follows that the bottles must be of a special manufacture, presenting great resisting power, and yet not ungainly or awkward for manipulation. This manufacture is an important business, aud demands skilled and experienced workmen. The ingredients of the gla6s are melted in gas furnaces, and the liquid blown on long tubes, the bottoms and neck rings being shaped in a mould, a skilled blower making hundreds a day with scarcely any difference in weight or contents, the reputed quart bottle holding from 83 to 89 centilitres and weighing one kilo, or a little more than two pounds, and able to resist a pressure of about 14 atmospheres. These bottles are examined and divided into three classeF, the first only beiug used by the big champagne shippers, and only after a test of one in every liuudred on receiving them to try weight and contents. Old bottles are never used for champagne, as they are supposed unable to bear a second strain. I was greatly surprised to hear this fact challenged by a gentleniau in Melbourne, who at that time was concerned in colonial champagne, and who declared " old bottles were as good as uew." They certaiuly will staud any pressure likely to take place in colonial cliaiupagne, but that is its weak point. The cellarage is also an important question. In champague these receptacles may be classed under three kinds. 1st. Ones excavated andbuilt. These are the most expensive, such as L. Roederer annd Co.'s, King and Co.'s. 2nd. Those excavated or cut in chalk beds, as G. H. Mumrn's—Heidsick and Co.'s, etc. 3rd. The old Roman quarries discovered near Reims, as Poiuery, Greno, etc. The temperature of these cellars is very even, especially in the first two classes, and although the extremes of heat and cold are very marked in the Department of the Marne, a well-regulated cellar only fluctuates between 9 degrees aud 15 degrees centigrade above zero. This is a most important point during the formation of gas in the bottles ,is a high temperatuie may cause great breakage. Of course such cellarage does not yet exist in the colonies, and is a great drawback, for without it no strong pressure can be evolved without serious risk of breakage, and this in conjunction with the second-hand bottles is in my estimation at this moment the most serious obstacle to colonial champagne making. The deposit in the bottles arising from the decomposition of the sugar is also a great stumbling block, but one which, with experience, may, I believe, be overcome. In cliampagne the grapes are but lightly pressed. The first pressure is the cuvee ; the second is called " First taille." These only are used for champagne. The others are utilised for sundry purposes. The wine, while in cask, is carefully fined and often racked off. The bottling takes place in or about April, andsome firms stack the bottles the following winter for a short time in the ground floor of their cellars, or as it is termed celli«r, and allow them by opening doors aud windows for a short time to eudure a temperature a little below freezing. This precipitates the deposit in the bottles, and aids considerably the operation of shaking it down on the cork, which is carried out on perforated sloping tables, and occupies from a month to six weeks, according to the character of the deposit, after which the cork is removed and the deposit expelled by the gas, the bottle being liqucured according to the mark it is destined for, aud r<Tcorked with a new cork, stringed and wired. From what I have seen and heard out here, this working down the deposit is in Australia a difficult task. Does it arise from too great pressure of the grapes, producing too much mucilage, or is it the heat that makes the deposit more adhesive ? It is hard to say, but champagne, like truth, muot be clear to be popular. There is much more to be said on the subject, but it was only uiy object to point out a few weak points, trusting for the good of those interested they may be overcome. GARDENING FOB JUNK.—This is a good month for sowing grass seeds for lawns and borders. Dig the flower beds neatly, adding where needed a little well-rotted manure. Finish planting all kinds of trees. Finish also pruning roses, flowering shrubs, etc. In the kitchen garden all heavy work should be got forward as far as possible. This is the best time for planting all sorts of fruit trees. Begin pruning fruit trees, takiug first those that have lost their foliage. Make considerable sowings of peas, broad beans, and leeks. 