In Love's Crucible. By BER2THA, .AL .CLAY. CHAPTER VII.--ContriiEDu 'You must' be tired,' ho said. . Shall we not say good night ?' " l'Perlbps t wouald better,' sho replied. '1 hope, mydear child, that you will have sweet and refreshing dreams the first night of your re turn home. he said gently, and he took her hand and kissed it. . .. L,. 3 hIer demeanonur had been studiously cold, hbut at this ac a struggle seemed to take place in her breast. Sho had already taken a step or.two to leavre h1i, ?t..he sli, "siddenlyturned, and putting both hands on Ihis- shoulders, hissed Thim on the lips. H ecaught her in his arms and 'murmured, brokenly: . 'I Myaughter, my daunghter, how good you are tomel' '.1 wish Lcould: be,' she cried, for oh I you are my father !'. Neither Sir Richard nor Guy understood what she meant at that time; they thought that it was merely the cry of a forlorn heart; but in aftertimes they remembered it, and understood it better. She left them and went to her own chamber - a perfect gem which Sir Richareld had fitted up with all the luxury wealth and good taste could com- mand. Her maid awaited her, and conducted her into the dressingroom, where she asisted her to remove her garments. No one would have supposed, to see her then, that she had ever disrobed without a maid, she submitted herself to her offices so naturally. But she dismissed her maid as soon as she could, and then locked herself in with a sigh of relief. She threw herself into an easy cushioned chair, knitting her, brows in deep and troubled thought. ' Alone there, with no fear of prying eye to sur- prise her thoughts on her face, she gave way to her feelings. All of her past life, from the night her mother died, seemed to have lost itself in a strange dis- tance of time. It seemed so vary long ago. But every incident of the time since was as clear to her as if it had been burned into her memory. She could see her mother dying and vengeful; t?o words of her promise to the dying woman were before her eyes in blazing letters of fire. Then she saw her sister, with her sweet face upnturned to heaven, rigid in death. Then herself fleeing from her. There ended her happiness., Since then she had been livinga life full of falseness and wrong. ' Oh, mother, mother !' she wailed, ' hoir could you blight my lifo willth e wrongs of your own? If you knew how geOstl and good the old man is now, could you have made me promise as Idid ? If you had known how true and generous Guy is, could you havowished me to doeeive him as I mucst ? And yet'--sh started from the chuar and clenched her hands--'itis not justice after all 'Is it not his atonement for the other woman! and not a particle of it for the poor wronged dutcnst made soby his act-and never even remehmlbred ? 1 must look at it so. Oli, mother, mother;I-mdst think of that or 1 shall falter! Tile poor old. man 1' She threw hersellf on her bed, and wept fierce, bitter tears. Some of them iieie fcr"lerself and Eomo werefor Guy:: but most'of :them'ieroe for the old man, who, wihatever lhisai,si ,.woas her father. After a while she rose and dried her tears, and with a'reaction of bitter srorn' hated herself for the unworthy ipart she was play-. ing. I1. 3 And so, torn between her emotions, she mechan icallyextinguished her lamp and retired ither luxuriots cotchl to fall into a slumber which last-d until late the next morning. Sir lhelard was waiting for her when slo went down stairs, and sihe kissed him withseuchan air of tenderness that Ihe llushed with over joy. SIam so sorry to lie so late,' she said. ' Have I kept you waiting long? 'Not at all. I aleays breakfast late, and Guy is always early. ]Ie has blen out for a gallop or a row on the lake. Here ie is now, and Ihe has the mail with him.' Guy came icn, with the flush of exercise on his cheeks, and looking as handsome as any woman could desire. ie greeted his cousin with some embarrassmcnt, and put his ncleo's mail hby ihis plate. Then he sat down ill acn easy-chair and asked permission of his cousin to read his papers. Sihe gave it with so gracious an air that Ihe sighed softly and looked wistfully at her, whereupon she seemed anlnoyed, and turned to her father to asi: if lie would have both cream and su:gar in his cofiee. SYou must not trouble yourself, my dear,' he answered. ' But it will be only a pleasure,' she raid, as she tooke her seat at the table and arranged the cups. ' Will you not drink a cup of coffee, Guy I' ' Thank you. no.' Sir Richard looked around at his neplhew, and said laughingly : ' Guy wants nothing now, buit to be allowed to read his theatrical new.s. He is daft on the drama, Constance.' ' Not quite as bad as that, uncle,' remonstrated Guy. ' I am fond oft the theatre, though.' ' And fonder still of amateur threatricals. Have you ever acted, Constance ? 1 mean on thie mnla teur stage?' and the old man looked smilingly at his daughter. A quick flush, followed by a deadly pallor, showed on the fair face, but she answered, steadily: 'Never.' ' Here's bad news,' suddenly exclaimed Gay, without looking up from his paper. 'Do you re member IMaida Carringford who made such a sen sation inCalifornia and was to have come to Lon don?'. Strlichard answered yes, but Mfaidn only put down the cup she was holding, and listened with a set face. Guy continued : 'It seems she was killed in an attack on an overland coach in which she wastravelling. Why, Constance, it must have been about the--oh Whatis it?' It was nothing very much. Constance had let a cue of lhot cotfee fall on the floor and had scalded herself a verylittle. She was asihamed to have cried out. No, she was not really scalded after all. She was a great deal more frightened than hurt. SIlo contrived, however, to prevent alnyfurther outkbt. Itnida,ýC~arsingford; an Ina the subjct 'was not taken up again.i : - .: t 6 E'iol-lirde rlahiing 'pale; my deir said SLr e Richardl; suddenly. :: :..; :i,:: i':.;: '.L?%' | ? Si She sinled faintly by way. of anser "for sie had liot' ei'reeooverra: froait thi slitek of .thes I memories which Guys cords had -recalled to i Sahnsmst ish;trn.iusogrenrci e G?y tWon"t. dostn liavo'hrlooki?g pale ",' ' : . " G i: ?.ansed stblely at licr and a qoiesctd a :h' :r S'We mdst Ii air'of poies far her..,y Ys.iun'mnt go dawni.te the city at thLe i t ?. Pe tuiity and get tleifdor her. 'a ?yoau any choice for colours Constance?'::, -t. "':: S'Oh, you mist not be worried abont me-. If I e am paleitia oild for th' modiieis, and proves slat a foolish girl; I! ami more than anything else.' " Sir ichard shook liis head in- loving dissent,. for ha would not hrae this wonderful daughter of his take thosslightest risk. ' ' : ' You will hare atrying ordeal to pass through during the coming few days, for all the county will call upon you,' he said, ;' and you must not be worn out. If you could only ride horseback, now.' 'I Can do that, if it will pleaso you,' she l,' Oh, then; if yon can rido it will be, all right until we can get the ponies for you.n: Is there a h1orse in the stables sahe'can ride; Guy ?' :Scamp is safe, and as ' spry a little hrs as erer trod turf.' t " horse.. s 'What do you say, then, Constance, will you ride?.. . Anything to please you.' Bat I want you to please yourself.' S.'I like nothing better than a good gallop, and only asktliat:you will not, select for m too tame a horse.'. '1 sea we shall have to watch' her, Guy.' She is disposed to be reckless.' ' " And 'the old 'man 'glas?ed at' his beautiful daugliter with so' much pride and affection that she rose witli a sudden impulse and went around to hiin and kiseid' his forehead, saying : .You will spoil me.,,.; ' e cannot spoilt ySo,' answered li he, fondly, 'but we will do .all that. lore can to make you happy, won't ie, Guy?' iGuy looked qluickly at his cousin, a bright flash mounting to his cheeks, and there was a world of meaning in the blue eyes that met her brown ones. - . . Constance flushed slightly:as she caught the glance, anid then,' with that strange coldnss' which had so often repelled him; walked to the window and looked out. CHAPTERII III. AN ENSEIT AND A FREND. Ace theponies ready, Guy' ? ': eeas; sir. `Shall I send for Constance ?' ?'Note onany:account. She is dressing, asid would nothave h r hurried. She has as little .need 'f thoe 'id ofitth toilet 'as anybody could have, but I like to see her come in with that com posed, queenly air of hers, lookingas if dress 'were thb'last thing hlia had thought of. And it is only becanse she is always so faultlessly dressed that she can lookso.' Li' 3 SGuy smiled ; for during the two weeks that had .elapsed since the .fist coming of his oousin, Sir Richard's infatuation for. his' daughter had con 'stantly grown; so that he found a pleasure in as cribing to her all the attributes of a queen, or a goddess, or both.? But Guy was in no wise disin clined to agreewith his uncle, for to him, too, she was the perfectton of womankind. His feeling for her was one of wild .longing and, blind wor ship. Towards ier father she had" been 'almost uni formly.affectionate and kind, and the old man had, under tlie warning inifluence, lost all of that, piteous timidity which her first cold greeting of him had engendered. Ho was her father, and she his daughter; and his pride and adoration of her was boundless. But towards Guy she had main tained a reserve which she rarely broke through, 'and it seemed to act rather, as a spur to his pas' si.n than as a deterrent. She tame down this' morning' dressed, as her father had said, faultlessly: but it was not be cause, as he thought, she gave iny great care to her toilet, but rather because she had the instinct of good taste, which enabled her to subordinate her clothes and give them a character instead of taking one from them, as so many women do; at the expense of seeming'overdressed. She smiledbrightly at her father, and courte ously at Gay, and the latter turned away with a sigh while the former advanced and took her land, ,with thei nwords:....,.. .. . . ' if I didnot kno? lelter.I Tshdl d 'thik?i?n had the Graces for. handmaidens.' .: : : ' And I should think I had a lover instead of a father.' 'a: lover as well as a father, my darling. I do Snot think any man will ever love you more,thoiigh he'may oIdve you differently.' ' Why cannot, a father's love be enough?' she 'asked, with'a stranga shadow in' her wonderful eyes. ' . " ' The ponies are waiting,' said Gou, in a toe tlhat said plainly enough that he haid io' heart for such converse... + : They were going to a. giarden party at sner Castle.' For two weeks;,as Sir Richard had foreseenthl hall had beei beseiged'y all thei aristoeraey of the, .ounnty'riho hid coiesto seed the'suddenly found daughter of Sir. ichalrd Hartleigh. And now the' first of a series of iestivities in her honor had been :preparedh by ~ord Randolph Vyner; and tlh silhole county, leilbiythe Duke and Dncheses of Beidaire, was to be tlhere, ,. The garden party was the result of a converiai? tion betcen the little Lacdy s.Gladys : Vyner ind :heri.motherT.eliey had been to see ltho fair "daiuliter of Hartleigh, and had caome away withc I mixed'emotiotdns: Neitherssole intil tle carriage: I was well away from the Irall.. Then said, Lade, Gladys: ' Whiat d yo think of her, mamma .. ,IShe is 'ver beautiful, and a tru 'Hartleigh. S' Yes; and there stemssno reason for the talk " that she has not been;broughit up ass lady.','' ' No; her manners are absolutely perfect. Blood I alone couild notdo it.d She has had theeducation necessary to a'ciwoman of fashion'. : ' Have you heard it said that she and Gay are to he married ? Silis'Grace of Beldaire had it froi Sir Riehard ' Why did you not tell me beforo?' and the little lady with the angel face and heavenly 'blue eyes ilashed a glance at her mother that told a story of some temper hidden away under all that sweet prettiness. ''Now, Gladys, dear, don't hbe unreasonable. What was the use of telling you ?' 'It would hiave saved me the mortification of discovering for myself that Guy had no eyes es cept for hler.' 'I would niot give anothler thought to Guy, my dear.' ' 1 did not say I would. Didll you notice that she eraded any question that had any reference to tier post life?' '1 cannot say that I did.' ' There will bh no end of receptions, balls and parties given in iher honor, no doubt.' ' Solre to leo; Siriliehurd is too important to be nleglected. Ilceidis, the Duke is so partial to Into. They were companions in their youth.' 'lhat are you going to do, mamma?' 'I ihave niot thoughlt of it, dear.' ' Why not give a garden Iparty ?' ' A very good thought. I will.' 'Issue the inritations at once, so that we will be the lirst to show our good will.' ' Certainly, dear, if you wish it,' answered Lady Vyner, fondly. 'Nothing could be in better keeping. We are the nearest neighbours, and it will fall naturally to us to be first.' Andt so they were the first to draw Constance from the IHall. It was a glorious summer day on which the garden Iparty was to be held, and the sight that greeted the eyes of Constance as she drove her spirited ponies to the castle was a verypretty one. Thii gentlemen were all in whito flannel, and the lasies were, like herself, in pretty lawn cos tumes. It was easy to see, by the rush of gentlemen to ward the phaeton, that Constance had made an imprcssion on themalo portion of the county. And, certainly, nothing could have been at once more cordial and pretty than the way Lady Gladysa 'ithl lawn tennis racket in her hand ran to greet the guest of the day. 'Iam so glad to see you, dear ! Youmusttake my play at tennis, and you mst play, too, Mfr. Gay. Oh, 1 can't take any excuse, for I know you are gettingonet ready, MIiss Constance. You really must play.' ' But unfortunately, I don't know how.' They were walking across the lawn noe, and Lady Gladys had her arm affectionately around her companion's waist. 'Dou't know how?' and there was a singn lar ilflection in the girl's tone. ' No; I havro nerer learned the game though I do not doubt I shall like it when 1 do learn.' F.,'`tvyy,-? , ; : v l. . 7; ra t: 4" ?': l Tito; .'? 41A. /" HI cauric you willy don't pots gut tony to teach you Ieiss splendid plser- the best we have.'%'i '.r..= Sshalll watch you play, and soinetime I will get you to show me liow. L'.willtado, thath tiior ' lCome;: Gentlemen; issa ?r il eigh. will'ta?uimv play,'and i will show hef hy any' liehco it hliadbeeaa uartofhf 'han ' ortere+ s.f ali, asLikwardaeas osl olaiewplivteishoe was doomesd to diippaintrielit; for Constl?neo; 'i'lth'ihi"idasisscj one iwhhs'as miado ,sidv of so tur*ir nigw. n how toleann wi ilnst suakwsria - iess. loddeed it was not louig bfeIl iiu ? wvere expressions: of, incredulity .that sheo hd iever pcayed before. Lady Gladys herself soid : ' Oli ;you'must have played before. tWhy' to say nothing of your play, which is quite as good as my own, one most haxrblivdd eitirely oIt of the world not to have learned lawn tennis:.' Constance turned her dark, searching eyes dow?si'on'the little creature and studied theface with its .innocent blue eyes and guileless man ner. . Haveol an enemy hero?' she asked herself. ' I am not deceived by the .hild's simplicity; but wh'y should Eshe dislike mre ? I will watch her. A man Imay deceive. but a woman, even such as this,ii more to be dreaded than ten men.' !1 have lived out of the world, you know,' she said, aloud, without beiraying a particle of annoy ance. ';Oh, . thought you had spent ,your time in travelling,' and thoblue eyes sought the brown ones with a e.Ty pretty assumption of inno cence. Arnd so` I have, and that is no doubt the reason ,why I have not learned.to play lawn tennis.' : The brown eyes were inscrutable,"and the blue ones turned away.with just the ghost of a flash in them. TI?ay had learned nothing, and Lady Gladys did not care to carry: her inquisition any further.' ' Oh, hdre is his grace l' she exclaimed. 'Have ,you come to. admire Miss Hart!eigh's playing, your graeo?' ' " . '' S'I ?s prepared,to.admire anything MisslEHart leigh does,' answered the duke, gallantly. ' n that case,' said Constance laughbigly, ' I sshlnl take care not to try anythingin the presence of your grace that lam not sure of doing well. And as this .gasin is finished 1 will take your ovace's arm and listen to you, for I can always slten iiell when I have eloqunence kt'y ear,' S'What flattery I It deserves a punnishment. I shall refuse you my arm and turn you over to a younger man. Here is my nephew, Lord Alger non Lintel. Algy, come here.' Constance glanced up and became conscious of 'one of the most exquisite faces she had oier seen. It had in it nothing of manly strength,, but it was fullof a sweetness and refinemdnt seldom met even in a woman. It had lines in it that told of pain suffered, but there was nothing to indicate anything but submission and resignation. There was an infinste pathos in the large violet- blue eyes and in the delicate, .sensitive lip, but there was cheerfulness, too, and Constance was won by the face' even before her womanly pity was roused by the sight of the frail body and'crippled limb which went with the rare face. - 'Algy, this is Miss Hartleigh. ' 1 turni her over to you as' a punishment fdr using'(a'd?an'a weapons. She flattered me, Algy.' . Algy looked into the beautiful face, which then was in its sweetest phase; for it was filled with soft pity, and his large eyes lighted up eagerly, as he said: ' If Miss Hartleigi will permit herself to be disposed of summarily, 1 shall be happyas well as flattered.' It was not said with an air of gallantry, and Constance did not receive it as such. She an swered writh her rare smile:.' ' '1 have just received my first lesson in lawn tennis, and 1 shall bhe glad to sit d6wn' dmewhere and watch the others.'. • 'I ',. " , i' f you would rather walk about, it will net tire me,' heo said, with franlk simplicity. i' 1 am not strong, libut I am not as frail as I, look. ' Be sides, this' is one of my' best days.' "Shall we walk ' ' . . :; : _ . 'Not now, please. I want to become ac' quainted with you, and we can talk'better'if you sit.' \- ' Does that mean that' yo6 think you will like .me?' . She turned licer eyes on his face, so full of an eager sincerity, and ':answered- with llo' faint' smile: ' t Yo are quick in 'demanding a declaration of intentions." " But Iliked you'at once, and it seemed to me that you likedmo as quickly.! I am not; danger. ous, you know,' he glanced at his crippled limb,' and you may like me as much as you "can. 1 am uresthat you uand:.1can undertand each other. We are in sympathy.' 1. don't mean pity for my misfortunes; everybody: who :is strongiand well pities me: bhut there ire not so many who can cbomprehend that the sodl has' loinijgs' indepen dent of thebody. PerhapsI. tire:you..Iamno morbid, though I may seem sdo 1 think I am happier than many ?who.think:they'have more a to be happy for?' S'- They 'werositting new, and she laid & her hand on his; with an utter absence of any aecuneo dif' e frnce in sex, and said earnestly : 'I know just what you 'mean..u I! did like you at once, and 1 hope we shall be friends.' 'If you hope, so, weare friends. Noiv'that we are friends, let us know more about eeac'y'iher. Yoni hnow me,I i fa.si asm Algernon intel, ? Man?qnis f. erain,: and heir to the dukedom of Beldaire ; a great deal for such a poorwretch as He laughed pleasantly as he spoke, and she' 0I smiled as if shecould comprehend his feehling. i` I"r&ecgni;'d'd her sympiatthi, and in-the same How camo you to be Miss Hartleighi? They say you are Sir Ii Ehard' daighlter 0h' I ask ayburpardon'. 1have said, something wrong.' Sot so. .have been separated from my.father sor many years, and now I have r'etirndd home agasit.',:a.(: ; She felt his honest, searching eyes fixedon her, and felt uneasi, thou?gh not in the least risentful.' 'He listened to her,and, when she ceissdiesalping, said; earnestly 7. / us ` " ' Wo can help each other, lam sure.now. You ha?io' sffeed;'I ai afraiyd'ou hsuefferdlv?' Who can tell? I may beof as much serviceto you as yo i to me '1 do not caemeiie for self-appointed prophets; but?I have a feeling that some day I can help you. "If ever I enan will you let me? And will you forgive me for having spoken as I havo ?'.'. .," S iMaida listened to him with a sort of terror. It was to her as though he were reading the story of Sher misery, past, present and future. Shepressed t her hands over her eyes as if she would shut out S.the picture he had conjured up. Then she with drew her hinds, and with a sad smile answered, softly : SYes, I have suffered, and, I suppose, must still Ssuffer some; but it is mostly a thing of the past, and I do not think of it if I can help it.' 'Forgive me for what I have done.' 'No, we are friends. We know each olilirnow. But do not letus talkl of such thingi again., Hear the shouts I Somebody has made a good play, I fancy.' ' it was Guy, I think. I hear them call calling his name. VWhat a nioble fellow he is! He aI lvavs makes me think of the old Iknights, he is so unnifectedly good and generous. Tou agree withll me, do you niot? Aiind he is the handsomest man I lhave seen. I suppose that I can appreci ate such a perfect model of manly strength and goodness much as a woman must, being so weak myself.' IMaida answere~ d absently, and would have changed the conversation, had she not been re lieved of the necessity by seeing Guy approaching with Lady Gladys on his arm. She instantly as. sumed command of herself, for she had a strange feeling thalst in some way she was to he put to the test. She had begun to look upon Lady Gladys as an enemy. CHAPTER IX. THE PART OF UCLIET. Theface of Lady Gladys was a picture of con tentment and happiness as she approached Maida, hanging on the arm of G nuy, and talking' to him in her pretty child-like way, When thcy were near enough, Maida could hear her saying: ' e must ask Algy if it is true.' ' What are you going to ask me?' demanded Algy. ?here is a rumour floating abot thatyo. are tlinieing of thestricals,' said Gay. Algy laughed' in his pleasant way, and an swered: ' Why, they might accuse either "ou or me of that almost at any time and not bhefar wrong, now might they not!' 'I belheve they might, Algy,': returned Guy.. placing his strong but shapely hand witha look full of affection on the shoulder of the other; 'but perhaps there is n.more in this than a mere rumour. You don't deny the impeaellment.' 'Soft impeachment a·s 'what you should have esid.' interjected the voice of the duke, whohad come up nnobs?erved, 'for if Algyis soft about one thing that is theatri:als.' 'Abuse Gay, too, nncle: he is as bad as i am,' laughed Algy. [To BE CoNoTa EDJ LC 5 