Bullock Roast, &o.; On Thursday last the supporters of Mr. Morgan at the last election mustered en-masse at Pitt Town to do honor to him, the defeated candidate at the general election. There were representa tives from all parts of the electorate present. The demonstration took the form of a bullock-roast, and seldom in the history of this electorate has there been such a successful event. Mr. Morgan was met at the Windsor Railway-station by the Windsor Band, and several 'buses, buggies, and other vehicles. The turn out in which Mr. Morgan was driven was an open carriage drawn by four grey horses, and driven by Mr. F. Linsley, Following this were two four-horse teams driven by C. Gosper and E. Wood, and a large number of buggies and sulkies. The band played appro priate airs all along the route, and Mr. Morgan's colours were to be seen flying in all directions. Arrived on the ground, there were a large number of residents of Pitt Town, Windsor, and all other parts of the electorate present. A fair proportion of those present constituted the farming classes, who thought it but right to do honor to Mr. Morgan, and who considered they did right in instituting the first affair of the kind in his honor. The procession reached Pitt Town from Windsor at 12, and the fun of the day commenced. Amongst those present were :-Messrs. J C Neild, M.P., John Hunter, George Bryant (John Bridge and Co.), Victor Cohen (accountant, Lands Department, Sydney). Horace Poussard, H Thorpe. Dr Marrano (Italian Consul), T M O'Neill, J M Campbell, Geo Morton Russell, J T Donovan (" Freeman's Journal"), W A McDonald, George Morgan, Rev G Nortn-Ash (North Sydney), Rev W J Riordan, R.C. (Sydney), James Hunter, James Mcllverey, Alderman Mitchell (Paddington) james Robertson (Mayor of Randwick), William Robertson (Cameron and Co.), W Hamilton, E W Clarke, C Green, and P R Larkin. The bullock, presented by Mr J H Johnston, was roasted whole near the " Oaks," and proved quite attractive to the visitors-particularly those who had never seen such a spectacle before. Close by two huge casks of colonial beer were liberally dealt out during the day to all and sundry, whilst under a pavilion ladies, gentlemen, and children sat down to dinner about i o'clock, and enjoyed themselves thoroughly. Messrs H Curl and E McGuire cut up the bullock, and dealt it out to those who desired to partake of the food, and the gentlemen laid themselves out to provide the visitors with all necessary to make them enjoy the outing and the repast. Mr. Linsley proposed the toast of" the Queen," which was drunk with enthusiasm, the band play ing the " National Anthem." The chairman then proposed " our Guest," and remarked that Mr. Morgan was that day one of the most popular men in the district-one whose popularity would increase the more they knew him. He was certain that at the next election Mr. Morgan would be returned. He (the speaker), would stick to Mr. Morgan, and every man who voted for him last time would again support him. He hoped Mr. Morgan would be their member nest time. He called on them to drink the toast with enthusiasm. The toast having been duly honored, Mr. Morgan rose amidst cheers, and said that after the flattering references of the chairman, and the way he had been received, he felt very much unnerved, and hardly knew what to say. He had not to face them as a candidate on that occasion, so he coula claim their indulgence, If there was a time in a man's existence when he should feel excessively proud, it was one such as the present, and just then, he had to admit, he felt very nervous and diffident. The treatment accorded him ever since he had come to the district had made his heart grow fonder, and had created within him a longing and a yearning lo clasp with a fervent clasp the hands of the many friends he had met. When he first came among them he was an Utter ( stranger, untried in the political world, al though, he wac uot exactly new to polJUw, having > been returning officer at his native place. He carne unaccompanied with any credentials as to his fitness and qualities, for a parliamentary career. Notwithstanding all his drawbacks, he had done well, and they had accepted his crudely expressed views, and had taken him by the hand, doing ali they could to assist him. He hoped the time would come when he would be able to meet the obligations he had incurred. During the late election, many obstacles stood in the way of his success. The Government, for obvious reasons, fixed the election to take place within eight days of the issue of the writ. It was meant to suit one man, who was elected ; but he did not envy him. Mr. Bowman had told him after the election that he should feel proud of the position he had secured -and he did feel proud. He had another diffi culty to encounter, and that was inclement weather. The rivers were swollen, and it was impossible to get to some portions oi the elector in time. He was told that at the next election there would be fourteen or fifteen candidates-[A Voice : " And you'll be first"]-and he would tell these people what he had to go through, and it would probably deter them from going against him. The speaker then detailed his down-the-river experiences, and continued :-He had to face a man who had been their member for 13 years, even if he had no other qualification. Although he (the speaker), had not been returned, he had done an infinite amount of good, for he had made their member sit up like a kangaroo on his tail, and had made him attend to his duty, which he had never done before. He would make their member do more before he had done with him, for, poor, miserable old fellow, he (the speaker), was not afraid of him. He (the speaker), had been cruelly malign ed, for, on the morning of the poll, a person, whose name he need not mention, had gone to Sackville Reach, and told those who were Orangemen that he (the speaker) was a Roman Catholic, while t he told the Roman Catholics that he was an Orangeman. Another person had proclaimed it far and wide that he was the W. Morgan who was announced as a Protectionist candidate for Newtown. He was neither a Roman Catholic, an Orangeman, or a Protectionist-but he loved the Roman Catholic friends very much, because there were some amongst them who would make any sacrifice for him. In speaking of Mr. Bowman, he would make a few remarks of a personal character-although he did not think Mr. Bowman was a foeman worthy of his steel. Mr. Bowman was pleased to remark during the course of his speech at Riverstone re cently-well it wa6 not a speech, for no one who had ever heard him would accuse this poor old Parliamentary voting-machine of making a speech. At any rate, during the course of a few incoherent observations made at Riverstone, Mr. Bowman was pleased to dub him (the speaker) as a half-and- half politician. Perhaps Mr. Bowman meant that he was a long-sleever, of which he (Mr. Bowman) knew nothing. Mr. Bowman was fond of that which was wrapped in atraw, and had gold capsules. But Mr. Bowman meant, no doubt, that he (the speaker) was half Freetrader, half Protectionist. He would have liked Mr. Bowman to be there that day, so that he might give that gentleman a litttle whole some advice-to tax not his poor enfeebled brain, which was fast approaching a state of fossilization, by any future attempts at sarcasm. He did not know how to use such a weapon, and the speaker advised him tn future to let him alone or he would return a Roland for his Oliver. He thanked them again for the cordial manner in which they had drunk his health and particularly he thanked them for the kindness they had shown him at the last election, not targeting the ladies for their pretty wreath presented him at the Railway-station. If the ladies had a vote, Bowman would not have a ghost of a show with him. His dearest and sincerest wish was for the future welfare of the district and its people, and no matter whether he was their member or not, he would always be their humble servant. (Applause). Mr. F. F. Cheffins proposed " The Parliament," and hoped that the constituents of the Hawkes bury would be looked after better than in the East, owing to the man who was not their Mein er keeping the man, who unfortunately was, up to his bearings. Before Mr. J. C. Neild, M.P., replied, Mr. Morgan said that with reference to the Coroner ship, he had interviewed Mr. Neild, who had moved for the production of all papers, &c.; Mr. J.C. Neild said he was there that day to bear witness to the personal worth of his friend Mr. William Morgan, whom he had the pleasure of reckoning amongst his constituents and political supporters. He wished to say, as a man who had contested five elections, that it very seldom fell to the lot of an unseccessful candidate to be treated in such a handsome and honorable manner as Mr. Morgan had been. It was an evidence of grit in those who stood more by a man when he had fallen than when he was up, for the man who won was least in need of support. He very much misunderstood the circumstances of the case, if next time they did not find it necessary to greet Mr Morgan on the occasion of his victory. Eight days was not sufficient for any man to canvas an electorate such as the Hawkes bury, and a new man, who had to work his way along and build up the circle of his friendship would have no chance at all. After referring to other political matters, Mr. Neild said that be believed in legislating for the people of N.S.W before party strife and party pettishness. It was very difficult to forecast the immediate political future of N.S.W., but he was sure that the colony had more to gain from men who entered Parlia ment with the desire to represent all classes and interests, rather than to represent any single section. The speaker then touched in a humorous strain on the women franchise question. He would settle it by giving the women a chamber to themselves, and was sure that after they had had a Local Government Bill, with an unlimited number of clauses sent up to them to commence upon, they would very soon get full of their work, and give legislation best. He did not think any brother would like to see his sister sitting up at all sorts of ungodly hours with all sorts ot ungodly men. and vice-versa. He dealt briefly with one or two other questions, and concluded hy saying that he boped at the next ejection that the people in every electorate would have the privelege of voting for such a man as William Morgan. Mr. W. H. Johnson (Richmond), proposed " The Visitors," and was proud to be afforded the privelege of doing so. Mr, Russell and the Rev. G. North-Ash replied, the latter gentleman proposing " The Press." For some reason or other, no provision had been made to the accommodation of local Press represen tatives,-who were on the outskirts of the crowd, endeavouring to take notes on the bottom of a fruit-case,-and Rev. G. North- Ash's speech could not be reported, whilst others could not have justice done them. Neither could the Pressmen manage to acknowledge the toaut.J Mr. Morgan proposed " The Chairman and Committee," and took this opportunity of thank ing those gentlemen for their assistance during the late election. He also referred to an interview he had had with the Minister for Justice with refer ence to the Coronership. Mr. Gould said there was an objection to medical men holding such a position ; also that he did not believe in candi dates canvassing for votes of the Magistracy. Mr. W. F. Linsley replied briefly. The toast of the "Ladies" was then honored, and the large company spent the remainder of the afternoon in gaines, &c;, whilst quite a number had a look across country from one of the best points of vantage in the district. At the conclusion of sports, a start was made for home, when the road was lined with vehicles. On their arrival at Windsor, the band played, " For He's a Jolly Good Fellow." A procession was formed at the Royal Hotel, and with band playing, Mr. Morgan was escorted to the Railway station, where a special train was in waiting to convey the Sydney visitors home. The band played appropriate music, and Mr. Morgan left amidst a volley of cheers. 