CONVICT DAYS IN VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. TRUE CHRONICLES [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] No. 7. LAYING THE PHANTOM. Superintendent Eyre listened attentively next morning to the report of the young officers, regarding the vision they had seen on the island cemetery. He did not believe, for a single moment, that it was a visitor from spirit-land that was thus airing itself on the cliff, and yet both the soldiers and the officers must have been confronted by something very extraordinary, or they would not have been so startled as they were. " Of course, I need scarcely ask if you be- lieve in ghosts?" he queried " Indeed, we do not," was the unanimous answer. "And we all know that there are no settlers in this region thirty feet high," he went on, with a smile. "The object we saw was of quite that stature," replied Trench, "and was not dressed in convict clothing. A long beard was also visible." " The only thing we can do is to make an exhaustive search of the islet to-day, and we might find some clue to the mystery," said the superintendent, slowly, "If we have a human being to deal with (even though a giant) we will know how to do so, whilst, if the visitant is of supernatural origin, it is beyond our power to interfere, and we must only leaver it to its own nightly journeys." Eyre was essentially a practical man, and during the day he took a number of men to Deadman's Isle and made a thorough search of it, especially about the cliffs where the phantom had been seen. The quest was quite unsuccessful. Certainly, there were a few yawning chasms in the great basaltic rocks through which Satan or one of his imps might arise through; but the sound of the sea. booming at the bottom of them, and oc- casionally (in stormy weather) throwing up sprays through the natural blow-holes, made the supposition highly improbable. No clue could be found, and in a few days the wonder, created by the statements of the officers, began to die out, and the ghost seemed likely to be forgotten. A slight excitement was created at Hobart Town when it was bruited around that the prison cemetery was haunted, and a few extra inquisitive people visited the islet in the hope of catching a glimpse of the phan- tom. Their curiosity, however, was not re- warded. On the fifth of October following, a small party of the officers at Port Arthur went across to Hobart Town to be present at a dinner, given in honor of the captain and officers of the ship Argus, by the leading residents of the town. This vessel was a convict ship, and it was nearly six years previously since she had visited Sullivan's Cove with prisoners. The gathering was a large one, and held in the commodious public hall. Almost the same officers managed the ship as on the first voyage—six years back—and they were re- garded as old acquaintances by the town folk. Lieutenant Trench and his two companions of the fishing expedition were amongst the guests, and appeared to enjoy themselves very much. Such pleasurable gatherings were not frequent in those days. After scanning the company for some time, the lieutenant's eyes became suddenly rivetted on one of the guests near the lower end of the room. His gaze was fixed upon the un- conscious man with a curious puzzled ex- pression, but, after a few moments, he turned to his companion, and asked him if he knew the person he had been looking at. "I believe his name Is Tregurtha, and, I understand, he is a settler of means. I have only seen him once before, and that was in the parlor of the Macquarie hotel, " responded the man addressed. This did not enlighten Trench very much, and for a time he forgot the face which had so interested him. During the evening, when the proceedings became free, he found himself at the lower end of the room with one of his fishing companions. Looking across the table, he again saw the man that he was told was named Tregurtha. The latter was conversing with the second officer of the ship Argus, and the two appeared to be intimate friends. " Have you ever seen that man before, Edwards ?" French asked, pointing to Tre- gurtha. " It seems to me I have, and yet I don't know him. There is something familiar about the face, but I don't even know his name," answered his companion. Not caring to trouble himself further about the matter, the lieutenant entered into the festivities of the evening with zest. It was sometime near midnight when he left the excited group, amongst which he had been standing, and walked towards a wing of the building, which had been made into an arti- ficial fern dell for those who might wish to temporarily escape the heated room. He was looking at and admiring an immense fern-tree, when, through a lull in the noise which came from the main hall, he distinctly heard voices near him, and he caught the words, " Deadman's Isle." That spot had a peculiar interest for him since the ghostly incident, and his attention was instantly aroused. "I am thinking of leaving the place and making for the old land again. Since the prison has been built, the place is dangerous for me. The fact that it is now a cemetery brings too many people to it." This was spoken in a gruff voice that was not familiar to the lieutenant, and the tones of the answering speaker were equally strange. " I am told that the place is haunted, so that you ought not to have many visitors, especially at night, which is the time you want to yourself. But I quite agree with your desire to return to England, for your life must be a dreary one." " Yes; it's beginning to tell upon me. The eternal booming of the ocean has got monotonous, and I detest it. Yes, I have heard that the islet is haunted, and, would you believe it, Greeves, two searches have actually been made to find the ghost." At this Trench, who was eagerly listening, heard the two men indulge in a hearty laugh. He was most desirous of seeing who they were, but he did not care to move, as it might betray his whereabouts, and he would thus lose the conversation. " I suppose you managed the ghost business, Penfold ?" was the next words he heard. "Yes; I produced an illusion or two, thinking it might keep intruders away, but it hasn't done so. However, it amused me, and proved that I have not lost any of my old dunning in the use of the glasses." The approach of a guest, in a rather jolly mood, here put an end to the talk as he went in the direction of the voices, and Trench heard him say: " Come on, old fellow. It's not every day we see you, and there's some splendid '22 wine still left." The importunate friend was not to be denied, and, as the three men passed out of the ferns, the lieutenant was astonished to see that the two speakers, whom he had over- heard, were Tregurtha and the second officer of the convict ship Argus. " What can these two men have in com- mon," Trench muttered! And he called him Penfold. That must be his name, and not Tregurtha. What can he mean about Dead- man's Isle and the ghost. He spoke as if he knew all about it. By Jove," the young man broke out, excitedly. " He must be the ghost himself. I thought there was some- thing in his face that I knew. The contour of the head and the queer long beard were the same as those of the phantom. They impressed themselves on my memory, and I shall look farther into this." Of course, had Trench known anything about the escape of Penfold some years be- fore, it is more than probable that he would have an idea that the man before him had something in common with the escaped con- vict; but, as it was, he knew nothing of the unfortunate felon's wonderful escape, and was, therefore, at a loss to account for a true hypothesis of their remarkable conversa- tion. He determined to watch the two men that night to try and find out further information, but after waiting until 3 a.m., until they left the hall, he only discovered that they went to the Macquarie hotel, and were admitted: He returned to his companions, as they were to sail for the prison at four o'clock, but he did not tell them anything about the conversation he had heard. When he reached the prison, he went at once to Superinten- dent Eyre and narrated what had come to his knowledge. " What name did you say that the officer called his companion ?" asked Eyre. " Penfold, I wrote it down so that I should not forget it," answered the young officer. The superintendent went to a shelf, and taking down a well-bound book, looked through it before speaking again. " On the 22nd of April, 1829, No. 129 (Robert Penfold) escaped from the Hobart Town prison, and up to date he has not been recaptured. The manner of his escape was a mystery, and it is supposed that the convict perished in the forest," Eyre said aloud, looking at the lieutenant. " Would it not be strange," he continued, "if this Penfold were identical with the missing man. And yet it is hardly possible that he could have remained about the settlements without de- tection. Unless, indeed, he had good friends. He must have had good friends, too, or he could not have escaped. Who did you say was his companion?" he concluded. " The second officer of the convict ship Argus. I heard him called Greeves. He was one of the chief guests of the even- ing." " The Argus, the Argus,"mused the super- intendent. "Why, that's the name of the ship that was in the harbor when Penfold escaped, some six years ago." "Yes, sir. I heard it stated at the dinner that she was here once before about that period." " Well, I think there is something of im- portance in your discovery. Yet, I cannot understand what Penfold can have to do with the ghost business, as he said. He certainly could not have concealed himself on Deadman's Isle for six years, and, had he been there for six years, we would have found him. However, we may learn more, as I will tell off a clever man to watch him. Be ready to go to Hobart Town in an hour's time to point out Penfold and Greeves to the man I will send with you. When you do that, you may remain in town until the fol- lowing morning and return with the boat." In an hour's time Trench was back in the office, where he found the superintendent and Constable Chapman, who was a born detec- tive. ln company with Trench he left for Hobart Town, where they were fortunate enough to find Greeves and Tregurtha—or Penfold, for that was his proper name—in one of the private parlors of the Macquarie hotel. Chapman shadowed them until night, and near eight o'clock they left the hotel, and proceeded toward the river Derwent. Lieutenant Trench met Chapman in the street, following the two men, and he accom- panied him. Greeves and Penfold reached the river, and in a few minutes the spies saw that they had a boat, and that it might be necessary to obtain another to pursue. This Chapman soon did, and in company with the young officer he followed the men, who were making towards the mouth of the river. Great care was necessary to prevent de- tection, but the pursuers were keeping a safe distance away. The ocean was soon reached, and then it was apparent that Penfold and his companion were heading towards Deadman's Isle. The sea was smooth, but the distance was long, and several hours passed before the boats came in sight of the frowning cliffs of Tasman's Peninsula. Soon they entered Port Arthur, and the silvery streaks of light, made by the dipping oars of the shadowed men showed plainly that they were making straight for the islet. "We must risk going closer to them," said Chapman. " They have evidently no idea of their being followed." Bending to their oars, they rapidly neared the island. The moon was rising, and the first boat was seen to make straight under the jutting cliffs on the south-east side. " They surely cannot land there," spoke Trench. When he looked again the boat had disap- peared, and not a sign of her could be found, although the skiff, containing the pursuers, paddled along the side of the rooks where she was last seen. They were rather puzzled at this, for no opening large enough to ac- count for the disappearance was visible, but as they rowed back for the second time, a peculiar conformation of the rocks caught Chapman's eye. "There must be some waterway about here where a boat can be concealed, and I be- lieve it is about this place,'' he said. The lieutenant looked in the direction his comrade pointed, and he could plainly see great fissures and water-worn cavities in the rotten basalt face. He was scanning the cliff in the hope of being able to find a prob- able spot, where Penfold and his friend might have vanished, when he caught sight of a thin streak of light, about half way up the strong wall. There was no mistaking it. A gleam of light issuing from a crack or hole it evidently was. "Look, Chapman ! What does that light mean ?" he eagerly asked. " We must see by some means. There must be a secret entrance here to a cavern, and our friends are in it at present. I don't see how we are to reach that gleam of light; but we must try." The boat was now under an overhanging edge of rock, and the rugged face of the cliff, which stood out clearly in the moon- light, gave promise of secure footing. "Keep the boat here, and I will try and climb these rocks. I think that I can do so," whispered Chapman to his com- panion. Divesting himself of a superfluous coat, the constable caught hold of the rocky ledge, and with the aid of his companion, soon swung himself on to it. 'Tnen with the ut- most care, he slowly climbed to the spot he wanted to reach, and which, like a beacon, was guiding him onwards. Two or three times the soft rock crumbled beneath his feet, but he was wary and did not relax his grip on the firmer stones. Reaching the small fissure he looked in, but could see nothing, as it curved, and the opening was too small to permit of a proper observa- tion. He saw at the first glance that the light is- suing from the place was an artificial one, and, with the instinct of the detective, he bent his head and placed his ear to the cre- vice. A distant hum only reached him, which might be the moaning of the sea imprisoned in the subterranean caverns or human voices, but he could not detect which. He made a careful examination of the locality immediately around, and put marks in several places so that he would be able to recognise the spot again. While he was doing this he heard his name faintly whispered, and, recognising j the tones as that of his companion, he hastily descended. " Hist," spoke the voice of Trench. "Come back to the boat. I hear the sound of voices and the splash of oars apparently at the back of the cliff." ————————— " Smuggler's Cave," in next week's isssue, will continue and conclude the mystery of Deadman's Isle. It will be one of the most interesting chapters in this convict history, and will show how great emergencies will bring out wonderful qualities in a man. 