THE HOUSE OF RIMMOI. BT MRS, JEANIB GTWYNNE BEITANY. . Published by special arrangement with ihs author, Ai] rights reeeived.] CHAPTER XII,-(Continued.) 15 Can j on account for this, Mr. Murdo:kr* afked Mr. Kimmon oj the nearest of tht ee gentlemen, " It's the lamps, I expect." he replied, " We should have the Davys in a few days." "Had any of the men come np before tibia, occurred ?" continued Mr. Rimmoa, "Every soul ia down that vest down ibis morning." " How long do yon think it will ba before EDyoue can venture down the pit?" "It would be death to anyone who went down yet," This conversation was extremely difficult to carry on owing to the shrieks o! the. women, who called incessantly,,f Gan'feyoadosn.ftbiafc to save 'em?" "Isn't there a man among yon V' Mr. Mnrdocfe tried to spesfe to them, bab tbey biased at him as the author of then mieeiy, and demanded their husb.-xnds and boo< end fathers at his b&nde;, with threats and en treaties, Ote woman, fiet/.'td, tiied to throw herself down the pit and was dcagged back by mi»iu force, "Ah!' shrieked a woman's voice above all the mt, ' I know there'd be this today; for didn't my poor tnaster's dog come home to ma a? teven this morning, bim as has always been for ;-earB do«n the pit with him." Murclcck was as Ma asked when some one would be sect dtwo tbe pit to the rescue, Hh replied o&lmly; thai be bimaelf would go as sooa as he could, but at present it would be sheer madness to attempt it. Hour after hour the crowd watched, refusing toEtir, R:mmon and Hackbit had baen a^ay for some tiote and had returned again About ten o'clock smoke was still issuing from fc-io mouth of the pit, and the clamor for relates was still going OD, Mordock with hia coca pstiionB continued in consultation. It was Haokbit who addressed iiiin vhi.3 time. *'Do you think an ifr»it can be mitda now?" be at fa in a voice quite aober. ."I shall go do j?n with the first cage." A pry of "brave mm" was heard in a woman's voice, clear and silvery. It aennded like a musical ball amid all that tumuli, Hacibit's eje8 wandered round the tcrsblight crowd and rested on the white face of Keziah, v^bo is as'holding an infant in her arms, P, ra tine, then} the anguish of others had drawn her forth, Bdr. Rimaron was looking for th8 owner of tbe voice, but had not oaught eight of her, for the bad bidden hera&lf; immediately, Hackbit'a quick eye had followed her, however, and he Car-bed after her at once. " Ob, cousin." ho esflfiimcd in a rsspsctfal tone, " whj have you made us all bo miser able':" Tbe girl hung her bead. "I only won! to bide my own niieery," the said gently, "I didn't thick anybody cared." "I care very much," responded U«okbite " Believe me, cousin, I feeI more for y jq than wordf»_can express, I will do anything, suffer anything to bring back happiness to you end the hjpccritc received a grateful look from the lovely ejeB, tn&t; bad grown so pithatia since Le last beheld them and looked larger and daiber for the dark circles that now surrounded them. How picched her little face had grown ! Even Backbh'a heart was stirred as ho looked at her, " Wboee baby have yon got?' he a?ied, "Is belongs to that poor woman dowa there," replied Kizzy, indicating wit^ hoc finger. "She fainted and the baby fell from her arms, and tiobudy oli'ered to pick it up. It would have been trampled to death." " Is there nobody theohild can be gi^en up to?" aefced Hackbit. " I don't know." " Pt?hap» t.he mother will come to," sug gested Haokbit, Mr. Simmon was seeking his nephew in tbe crowd, and at last perceived bim, and with a moitifiecl shock, for mortified it was, he secog iiireD his daughter and went up to her. She was sale then; and what a scandal it all was, her disappearance and her turning up I'Ve tlie, mure like a ghost tbana living girl. St? >1 there.was a apatk ot tenderness in his voice fB he said, "Kizzy, my child 1' And txuly he was elaur.ed enoueh when ha saw the cIuntB that had come over her in little more than a week, Tbe round plnmp face had grown BO pointed &nd; meagre, tbe lips yere pale and drawn, end the dark eyes stared out from their hollow depths with a dull look of miae-iy in them, '? Come home with thy father, ohi'd," swd Mr, Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, tbocgh never thinking of undeceiving his daughter, " Let ub look for the child's mother," said Hackbit, and the three moved with difficulty towards a Bpot where the crowd was not quite to thick except in the centre of it, where tn«ra existed a kind of nucleus closely Bel rcnad one object of interest, It was the figure of a y ounr< eirl who could scarcely be twenty from hor looks. One of the numerous doctors upon the spot were examining her as Haokbit drew near, and be very soon remarked that her trouble was o\tr at any rate-she was dead, " Has this poor girl no relatives, no one who To.'d take charge of tbe baby ?" u> ked Mr, Kimmon o! the bystanders, ,"Sh« hsi neither kith bo? ceitbe? hw 4 her poor maBter who HPS burnt to ft sunder, worte luck, at the bottom^at Jh« miae." "Come home with me, Kizzy," Biid Mr. Rimmon again "I will try and be kind £o j ouand tie mads no ot j motion to her c»rc> tag the baby with her. Aa tbey pas8«d through Jamley to*a Ibe numerous low public ? bouees bhe ;i out upon the daifeaen?, and were deal* icg ont their liqnots to dutractad women who bad come lo drown thujr grief ; vila trap*, catching the miserable nal heaping anguish upon them under the gui*u of aumfoit. The lurid glow of tie lutnaMa lit thsir path for a while with an unnatural light, making ?ho dutknpss of the 0!«i Park to be travened afterwards, dcubi? dark. Haokbit, at all t.imes disliking this plaoB. disliked it ex cessively tonight. anJ thought grimly of tba uncovered pits. This did not prevent hia offer ing to carry the bsby, but K zz? would not giv» it up. It was asleep and warm uader her olfBk. Tohifiunolrfcfifairtiti*4?ostone. "Absve a'.l. cross her in cothiBg," Uanaaajf.iry aivisip, however, fi-r Mr, Kimiuon wsb uutdispiuei to crohB her At tbeer-d of !bfi Old l'*rk II usbit left Ilia nncle ana coo«in and rijfr&a;'-d hi* stops. He was tono c£a:a ia tbe place or i,i<j an:ip*tb? and caT(fu'.i> uotfd each step h- took He tuvi got ab-'Ot baW-way acmes when £ ruaibiio^ E'oubcS, follower! by a crash, startkd ftiua, Is was cno of the threatened houses giving way, No doubt the tbt'snt* were up ihc mine. Aa Backbit parsed through tbe town be was mnoh templed to enter one of the pablia houses, but be resisted tbe toaaptation, lf Hjok it all," be thought, " let me go into the jiwa of death sober." When be reached the pit's mnuth a ca^e was | waiting to be lowered, " Wait for me," he oried Murdock was in the cage "Drn'tyou go, for God's sake," Haokbifc said. " £oa are needed to right tha wionga." There ia n-othing extraordinary in this bravery on tbe part of Backbit. No Black Oonntry man ia a coward. All are alike ready in theBe emergencies. There i3 never a ory for volunteers. There was a lull in the crowd f-.s the cage was lowered and those fsw bi ave mpn descended to rescue Bome few, il potoiole, of the hundreds shut ap in tb&fc; fisry prieun. A while-cbofcered young gentleman of eoaie thrpeend-twenty yeora, with s very wide brimmed clerical hat, ventured to mike a remark to some women in b's neighborhood about sub mitting themselves to the wiii o! Providence, "Shut thy mouth," oried one of the women, " or we'll chunk thee down th' pit," Tbey looked so mush like carrying out tbe threat that the curate moved a»-iy us fast as he oauld with any dignity. Some jeers were thrown after bim and one of the women Biid, "It's-always the name gate, We man be patient .when wages io HO low as we havener enow to eat. If our children die of th1 fever or our lads i' th' explosion it's tha visitation of God, Oh, it's tbe plague o' parsons is tbe worst p'asue the Lord ever sent as-ourse them," These words fell on the eas of auelierly olergyman who was standing by. hoping to be of ub0 to Bomebody; and he said to the woman who had epoksn very gently, and with mush bitterisesE We clergy are great blunderers, I fear; but believe me, we would do better if we knew bow, Indeed my heait bieeds for yon to night," "Ah! if allth' persons was like yon we wouldner curse them," replied tbe woman, There seemed to be something happening at tbe pit's month now. The crowd moved as DeatM it dared to the circle of tbe doctors. The tigaal had been given to draw up the cage, The crowd yelled like detnonB as the machinery was set in motion and the rope flew over the pulley. "Stand back." cried the police. The month of the pit was filled by an object rking. It was the case, The torches revea?ed Hacfcbifc and another, each with a b'eck burden in his arms, The charred masses th y carried were human beings, Blankets wetp held by tbe four coraera in readiness, and the poos wretabes were placed in t-hsm and cairied to fc'ie waggesg. Tbe orond had almost to ba beaten bask now, it mrged so powerfully towards the bodies, in order if possible to recognise them; but they were unrecognisable. "The firo'a still buruicer in the north ont tiDg," said Htifckbii. " We darea't go near there." The signal was given to lower, aaddown went these brave man again, After the fourth descent the; were bo ex hausted tbat new volunteers came forward. In tbe course of the night some thirty bodies six of which were just alive, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. (To be continued,) 