A IEGEHD OF BOHEMIA. Br Mona Caied. In tho middlo ages Bohemia was a wild land of mountains and forests, whero no ono dared to venture out of his houso or beyond the walls of his town without carrying arms. In the heart of this romantic country nestled urn quioc oia town ot i'.ger, Clio scene ot Wnllonstein's rebellion and of his treacherous murder. Tho Egcriand is now a wide stretch of fcrlilo pluin encircled by a line of blue mountains, a little rotircd world where evcii to this day the customs of ancestors, dating far back into history, continue to regulate tho lives of the simple inhabitants. Tho liouso3 of tho peasant- farmers aro all built on one immoinorinl puttorn ; ' their in mates wear tho same style of garments, un varying even to a button, thoy Bleep iu gaily- painted four-post bedsteads, carefully curtained round, and quaff vast potations of beer out of big tin orcarthenwaro flagons. Tho Egcrlandcrs stand apart from their neigh bors as absolutely as if miles of sea girded their little territory instead of a .circlet of oills. Onco inside -this lino of enchantment tho traveller Cuds himself half constrained to take life on mediiovnl terms, so potent is the old-world atmosphere, so strauge tho charm of the quaint superstitions and child like worship of tho people. Worn out with tho worry and toil oi con ducting a large business, I found myself one sunny September in tho heart of this quaint little land, and I blessed, in an illogical fashion — pardonable in my exhausted state — the railwav which had enabled me to take a dip into an ago when steam engines were still undreamt of. For seven happy weeks I was a Bo'ne- . mian at heart, a devout Catholic, a wor shipper of lean saints. Many a day as I cutnc to a little lonely shrine, by tho side of Borne path aoross the fields, I havo gone down on my knees and worshipped— I knew not what— tho sweet virgin iu hor blue robe edged with gold, holding the haloed Infant in her arms. I canic to lovo that mild-fneed lady, and to wish that I could curry hor homo with mo to pruy to when tho foreign mails camo inland — but, alas I my delicate goddess grew pale at that thought, and I remembered that she be longed to the Land of Yesterday, and would fudo and die if sho wero transported to the glaring world that Fate had chosen for my dwelling-place. I had ono favorite shrine which stood at tho foot of a hill crowned by a largo church, whoso strango Byzantine- looking cupola of zinc or copper, painted red, could bo seen for miles across tho plain. My shrine was presided over by a bright blue Virgin, whose cerulean eyes had boon tinted with tho same paint that stained her robe, slightly diluted. Oil the shrine grate ful pilgrims had htuig up numerous quaint thauk-offcriugs for having been preserved from illness or accident. At tho feet of my Lady of Azure, when I approached ono lovely after noon, knelt a maiden with head bent in prayer. I had tho impulse to go up and kneel beside her. It is impossible to de scribe the seuso of happiness that I felt as 1 joined iu worship with this beautiful Bohemian girl. It3oemcd to mo that then, if never before or aftor, my prayer must be granted. My fellow-worshipper was the daughter of one of the wealthy' peasant pro prietors of the Egerland; her handsome cloth dress, with its heavy clasps of antique silver— heirlooms centuries old — and the strange headgear of black stuff re vealed her station. She was large oi frame, with regular features, black eyes, and a fine carriago of tho head. How I blessod the porseverance with which I had devoted myself to tho Slavonic languages I It was not difficult to draw the girl into conversation. Sho was frank and trustful, if a littlo shy. This child of the Middle Ages fascinated me as much as did her wild, spellbound littlo country. It seemed to mo that an old drenm of mine was realised, and that I had been permitted to step out of my own noisy century, and to meet aud speak with the generations of tho past. Our shrine, my boauliful companion told me, had been raised on thiB spot five centuries ago by an ancestor of her own, Baron Zwaptolik, one of tho great Bohorriiun nobles, in thanksgiving for the reccue of his only daughter from the murderous assault of a robber chieftain, whose powerful baud was at that timo infesting the district. The girl was sitting, rosary in hand, at the foot of the shrine. I had stretched myself at the hedge-side, in luxurious case. The sun was hot; the breeze soothing; I sank into a strauge lethargic state, as if my body wero asleep, while my imagination became abnormally vivid. My companion was relating to mo the story that had been handed down among the owners of tho soil from the troubled times of the 13th and 14 th centuries ; but such wns not prccioely my impression. I seemed to bo transported backwards, across the great plain of timo, and gently landed in tho midst of a romanco of tho Middlo Ages. The scene had scarcely changed ; it was still the beautiful Egcriand. Eger lay at the end of a four-mile avenue oi stately poplars, with its custlo and gabled houses in tho distanco; the church stood above mo on tho bill-top ; but there was now only a rough track up to the village, and tho whole country seemed like a vast forest— it was, in fact, a part of the great Ilorcynian forest — with a fow farms and scattered hamlets, and hero and there a church. By eoino magic of place and time, I had become a spectator, though not an actor in the drama. This power of knowing ull, without the ability to act, mado mc feel at times as if I wero Buffering from a tcrriblo nightmare. I do not think that I wa3 able to raise my head or to open my eyes ; I seemed to be under a spell similar to that which tho wicked count in tho story held over the beautiful daughter of old Baron Zwaptolik, whoso vast caBtla used to stand, surrounded by denBo forest, scarcely a mile from tho shrine. Drahqmira, dark of hair aud swift of foot, with her brilliant brown eyes and rich com- nlexion. was ono of the wealthiest heiresses in tho kingdom, and her hand had been eagorly sought by the sons of tho neighbor ing nobles, not only for her beauty, but for her riches. Among these aspirants was one who had long loved her with faithful devotion, in spito of tho cold and scornful treatment which either coquotry or aversion appeared to inspire in her. Tho only con- solution of the yuung Count Vladislav was the fact that Drahomira behaved to her other suitors in exactly the same munncr. She had no wish to leave the home where she was idolised by her indulgent old father, who since her mother's death had lavished ull his affections upon their only child. " If I married, it would be nil gain for my lord and all loss for mc," sho used to suy with her brilliant smile ; " I pray you, good knight, pay your court to some unhappy maiden who, in becoming your wife, may reach something better than her present state, since sho cannot achieve a worso !" Vladislav would watch tho self-willed lady moving among tho brilliant company, gracious and smiling, yot cvor ready to hold at a distance the most persistent of aspirants. This firmness of character mado'her sub sequent conduct appear all the more incom prehensible to mc, an astounded spectator, panting to interfere and to set crooked filings straight. Tho first hint of this change of demeanor occurred about the timo of a very strange event which crcutcd a stir throughout all Bohemia. Ono of tho daughters of a great seigneur had, on tho very cvo of her wedding, disappeared from her home, and, though search had beon made far and wide, no trace of her could bo found. The expectant bridegroom had also vanished. I heard the people talking about this incident all around me, and my blood was chilled with a presage of coming evil. "A jealous and disappointed suitor must havo carried her off," aaul one. "An cneiny of the bridegroom has taken them botli away, and is keeping them prisoners," aoothor suggested, and so on ran tho surmises. Drahomira, usually so bold and foarless, was white to tho lips, and she started if anyone Bpoko suddenly to her. " Beloved and gracious lady," said Vladislav, "fear nothing. No evil shall befall you whilst I am by your side. Had I but tho right to be always your pro tector, what unspeakable joy would bo mino." At these words, to everybody's dis may, Drahomira swooned. When at last sho opened her eyes, sho turned them instinctively towards tho great window, and a look of terror camo into them which startled everyone. I followed her gaze, and saw — yes, 1 am certain that I saw for less than a second tho faco of a man with dark hair and cyc3, staring straigh t into tho room. Tho next instant the faco had gone, and only the surging forest was to be seen from the dccp-scr. window. How I longed to be able to relate wlmt I had wit nessed, but I was tongue-tied, moving amongst theso knights nnd dames, like a ghost, helpless nnd unnoticed. Drahomira was as full of life ns usual during that even ing. To mo hor gaiety seemed wild nnd feverish, but then I know what no ono olso know iu that company, Vladislav looked gloomy. Tho baron's daughter avoided hiin, and lie thought that she mado horsclf needlessly agreeable to u jackanapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her everywhere. To Vladislav's secret joy, tho knight had already drunk deep of tho wiuo that was provided for all comers in tiio great hall. Wliilo his rival wa3 thus putting " an enemy into his mouth," Vladislav re mained sober and watchful. The tipsy knight aanio swaggering into tho midst of the ladies, snatched Drahomiru round tho waist with a noisy laugh, and proposed a moonlight ramble iu tbe forest. Several strong bands wero laid on his arm and he was led back to tlio banqueting hall, where he continued to toast li is mistress iu tho flowing howl till ho roiled off his seat, still trolling out serenades and drinking songs from the safe level of the floor. Vladislav rejoiced to uco several other knights depart discomfited that evening when the hours of ruvetry at length drew to an end, and the few guosts who livod near rouo away iu oonipanjos largo enough to resist tho bands of marauders that haunted theso outlying parts of tho great ilorcynian forest. The rest who wero suffi ciently sober went off to their rooms in tho castle. Vladislav was too perturbed to sleep. Ho sat looking out upon tlio moonlit scene, thinking of Druhomira. What had caused her sudden terror? Would she over return his devotion ? Holy Virgin I Had his thoughts fashioned a semblance of hor out of the mists and tho dim moonlight ? Ho saw hor crossing the open space before tho castle, and with tier a man in a dark cloak. Count Vladislav swore a great oath, and then ho made off iu pur suit. Ho could seo the two figures, though not their faces, as they stooil together in tlio forest, but lie was careful to eoncoal himself that ho might not give the man an oppor tunity to escape. Ho must know which of Drahomira's suitors had been able to per suade her to this breach of decorum. Could .it be ho of the red doublet? Mad with rage and jealousy, Vladislav's feelings wore not soothed when ho saw the mail throw his arms round the girl and break into a thousand protestations. Vet Vladislav dared not approach ; Drahomira would never forgive hiin if lie played the spy ! Shu broke away from her companion ; the lover bccamo contrite, kneeling at her feet. Then his pleading was ro- noininenoed, under which Drahomira seemed to be giving way, though struggling against tho man's in fluence us if in terror. She tried several times to escape, Imt ho thrice succeeded in recalling her. He appeared to havo ex tracted some promise, and then site loft him at a run. Vladislav intercepted her as she lied back towards tho castlc. "Have you boon keeping tryst with tho devil, fair lady?" Drahomira gave a scream, and sank back against a tree. "I think I havo 1" she answered, wildly. " What do you mean ? Who is this fol low?" JVladislav demanded in great ex citement. " Don't ask mo ; I daro not toll you — I must obey him. Vladislav, savo me !" Be fore the astonished lover could roply tho girl had fled past him, and ho saw her no more that night. Her words thrilled him with hope and fear. On the following day tho castle was set in a ferment by tho nows that unother groat heiress had disappeared from her homo. The invent filled everyone, from the baron to the stable-boy, witli tho utmost consterna tion. Drahomira avoided all attempts on tho part of her lover to speak to her about the incident of tho previous night ; she appeared to havo entirely forgotten it and her wild appeal for help. Vladislav determined to wateh hor closely, and interfere boldly should any more inter views take place in the forest. But ha watched in vain ; a wcok passed without anything remarkable happening. Tho ad- "vent of a young horsomun, tlio son of u Polish noble, and bis immediate admission to tbe castle as gucBt, bad ill itnothing note worthy, for it was the custom for travellers to rcceivo hospitality from tho great houses as they passed through this wild and robber- haunted country. Drahomira had often been called upon to welcome such transient guests, but I shall never forget tho look on her faco when her futher presented her to tlio nuw-comcr. Her eyes wero full of terror ns sho re turned his low salute. Alu3 ! I alone, im potent ghost, know the cause of that terror. She recognised tho face that had gazed at her that nightthrougli the window I The Polish count made a long stay, and his attentions to Drahomira were remarked by all, as well as her subdued and nervous manner whenever he wns present. " It is insuffcrablo that she should be won under our very noses by a stranger I" said tho rivals. This fascinating person loft the castle for a few days on a visit to Eger. During his abscnco unother1 of tlio mysterious elope ments occurred. The castle was in a panic. "This is very strange I" exclaimed the conut on his return. "In my country wo would not suffer our daughters to be carried otV without hrincinrr Uui nffnnihra tn «. knowledge of our Bword-odgce. Wo shall be hearing of tlio disappearance of our fair hostess !" Druhomira turned deathly white. Large companies of armed men now wcutforth daily from the castle in search of tho unknown criminals. Tho Polish count took tho lead, swearing that ho would not rest until ho hud achieved success. Old Baron Zwaptolik ovidoutly thought him a fine fellow, I watched the threo porsons in whom my interest was concentrated with foverish anxiety. Drahomira Bceined to bo in a sort of stupor. Her eyes followed every move ment of tho count, wliilo Vladislav sought in vain to induco her to trust him with her secret. Whenever ho addressed her, tho oyes of tho watchful Pole would fall upon her, and sho hooamo confused and silent. . At tlio end of several days tho stranger, with profuse thanks for his hospitablo recep tion, announced his intontion to bring his visit to a close. I breathed mora freely. On tho eve of his departure, Vladislav, look ing out of his window onco more, saw to his horror the figure of Drahomira disappearing into the shadows of tho forest. IIo rushed out, but tlio night was dark, and his footsteps upon a crackling branch warned those whom ho sought to plunge out of sight. Among tho shadows of that forest I alono witnessed the strange scene that was taking place. Count Kaainiir had taken tho girl to a lonely Bpot, and ho was Btanding before her holding her hand and looking fixedly into her eyes. Her gazo was straight and fascinated. "I have won your love, Drahomira," ho said, not ns a question, but as an assertion. She bowed her bead. " And you will be my bride." Again tho head was bowed. An expression, liko that of some wild beast, camo into the man's face. "Our wedding liiustbo soon," he said, "and secret. Oil this day a week hence, beloved, you will deck yourself in your richest and loveliest array, as becomes a bride of so great a house and u maid of such surpassing fairness." " Oh, why did I listen to you tho girl moaned. The man gave a grin. "My beautiful one cannot cvudo the fond toils oi love. On this day week hence, at an hour after sun down, she will conio to her adorer, who will nwuit her at tho church of tho holy Saint Sebastian, and there tho good priest will call the blessing of God upon our union." Drahomira made tlio sign of tho cross, and tho Polo shrank back with an ovil frown. As ou the previous occasion, sho loft him in great haste. It was in vain tliao Vladislav tried to pierce tho mystery. Her lips were resolutely scaled. On tho following morn ing Count Kasimir departed, and Vladislav breathed again. But Drahomira's mood did not change. Tho week hurried past, and the day arrived which the unknown bride groom had appointed for tho wedding. I believe that I moaned or made some sort of cry when I saw Drahomira begin to attire herself in hor richest robes, twining dia monds in her hair and pearls round hor slim throat. Her gown, which her mother had worn other wedding, was embroidered with gems, and had formed part of the lady's splendid dower. Over this magnificence Drahomira threw a largo cloak, and, steal ing down stairs, sho iled from her home, hurrying up by tho bare steep pathway towards the church on the hill-top. The light had almost died when sho arrived, and the bride could see by the gleam through the windows that caudles were burning on tlio altar. She also noticed that, according to tho clock on tho tower, sho had coino nearly 20 minutes too soon. Had tho Holy Virgin taken pity upon her and mado the hands to loiter? Drahomira stole into tlio church, nnd saw, to her surpriso, two figures standing before tbe altar. Ono of tlieso was Count Kasimir, and the other a beautiful girl attired iu bridal array, adorned, liko tlio daughter of Zwaptolik herself, with costlv coins. A thrill of horror rau through her. Was this another brido of her mysterious bridegroom ? He glanced round, ns if oxpccting someone. Drahomira, Btooping low, ran Bwiftly for ward, and bid herself behind the altar. It wa3 her only cluinco of escaping detection. Sho thought that lie must hear tho violent beating of her heart as sho lay crouching in the shadow within a fow fcot of him. Pre sently — it could not havo beon two minntcs after sho had found shelter— a sido door opened stealthily, nnd then tho sound of footsteps cumo along tho aisle. " Here is tho priest who will make us for ever one," whispared tho bridogroom. Scarcely had ho uttered tho words when an awful shriok rang through tlio church, for suddenly throo or four ruffians rushed upon tbe miserablo girl and struck hor down on tho very steps of the altar, in spito of her wild nppeal for help to tho Virgin and all tho blessed saints. Another stifled shriek echoed it from behind the altar, whilo the wild work of murder went on under tho directions and with tho help of Count Kasimir, whoso cold-blooded savagery ex celled even that of his accomplices. Horribla wfts tho scene that followed. Tho beauti ful bride lay dead upon tho floor of tho desecrated church, and hor robber bride groom was gloating over tho rich booty. Her jewels were torn from her, and then tho band of assassins dragged away tho body, and flung it into a largo ltolo which they had dug in tho forest for the reception of their numerous victims. Nearly faint ing with terror, Drahomira found herself left alono in tho silent church, tlio candles still burning on tlio altar, awaiting hor own nuptial ceremony. At ull hazards sho must 'escape before tho ruturn of tho lobhers and their tcrrilito chief. This, then, was tho secret of tho strange disappearance that had scurod all Bohemia 1 Terror-stricken ns sho was, Drahomira's heart beat high with revengeful passion : if will and courage could avail, this wicked hand should not sco tho light of morning I Bracing herself for a great offort, sho sot off ou her homeward journey. Sho glanced nt tho clock, and saw that in fivo minutes tho hour of her appointed wedding would havo struck. In that time, thoreforo, hor mur derer-bridegroom would bo tlicro. Draho mira set off at a run. Tho path ran down tho hillside, and unluckily it could bo scon from a distanco. When about half ot tho way had been traversed, feeling a horriblo senao of paralysed powers, she ventured to glance back, and a cry of horror escaped hor, for there was hor tcrriblo enemy rush ing down tlio hill after her. His uecursotl influence was nsscrting itself. She clasped her crucifix ; the spell seemed to relax. Then she gathered togctiior ull her remaining strength and fled down the hill, stumbling, recovering herself, spring ing over hollows, darting round corners; yet, in spito of her wild efforts, tho man wns gaining upon her. Horrible and seemingly everlasting wore the next, five minutes of agony. Every breath uppearod ts tear her to pieces ; her heart was ready to burst. Oh, that it might indeed burst before sho foil into this ruffian's hands I Why was thoro no preci pice that she might havo thrown herself over it ? Wild farowcll thoughts flow through her brain of bee father and of tho faithful Vladislav, whoso lovo bIig had disdained through tlio fatal influence of this murdorous devil who pursued her. Ho had paralysed tlio emotions of hor heart as well as tho decisions of her will. From wlmt ovil witch had he purchased the hateful philtre ? Still tlio raco went on ; still tho man slowly gained upon tho exhausted girl. At the foot of tho hill, which was about a quarter of a milo from the custlo, Btood a hazel bush, and there Drahomira suddenly sank upon her knees und offorod a passionate prayer to tho Virgin. Her pursuer gave a shout of triumph, and at tho same instant, ub ho Btrodc down tho hill, tho Madonna, mild and pitying, nppcarod in a vision to her kneeling worshipper. " Iloiy Mother, havo mercy I" The murdorer was now almost at the foot of the hill. If tho Virgin hail a mind to mercy, it ho- hoved her to ho swift. Tho man, sure of his victim, slackened his paco, and came up at r. walk. He laid his hand on the rapier that ho carried iu his belt, looking round cau tiously. " Holy Mother of God, muBt I die un- shriven ?" 2" Not so," replied a voico that sounded to her cars liko heavenly music. It was the voico of Vladislav I In an instant tho terrified girl had darted to his sido, anil found that not only her lover, but her father and a goodly company of aimed man had como to socle her. Then suddenly sho swayed, and tho air grew black around her. "No, I will not faint," slie said, groping for support ; " tlicro is foul and hideous murder to bo avenged." A fow inoro gasp ing words from her rousod tho little troop to fury. _ Vladislav had already started in pursuit of tlio fugitivo chief ;"tho rest fol lowed at a wild gallop. Baron Zwaptolik and Vladislav, both looking liko men distraught, contonded for tho honor of killing the murderer. "We must trap tho wliolo band," said tho baron, " and spear them liko rats." " Or heretics," suggested one of tho caval cade. _ The murdorer, whoso ono liopo of salva tion lay in tho aid of his comrades, had fled like tho wind up tho hill, thus disclosing their headquarters to his pursuers. Ho was just in timo to givo warning to tho robber baud, when tho btiron and his followers fell upon them with shouts and ferocious cursos, anil although tlio assassins mado a deperato resistance und sent homo several of their antagonists severely wounded, tho whole troop wus overwhelmed and oxeoutcd with out mercy. Tho rago of tho old baron, as bo fought tho villians who had planned such a fate for his daughter, was terrible to witness. Vladislav and tho chieftain had a ficrco hand-to-hand combat, in which at last tlio robber waH slain and Vladislav woundod. When every man of tho brutal band had been put to tlio sword, search was made for the body of tho murdered brido nnd hor numerous fellow-victims. Theso wero all found in the trench which tho robbers had dug, and with them tho treasures for which tho crimes had been committed. All Bohemia rang with the tidings. . For many months Drahomira lay pros- truto after tlio shock of that night's experi ence. Vladislav camo and went iuccssantly. Tho old baron had given a willing consont to bis marriago with hisdaughter Bhonldslio herself he favorable to bin wishes, ii \- " Oh, Vladislav, had I only listened to you sooner, and to the voico of my heart, all this might never have happened I"; 'Thes she unfolded to him all that had passed, de scribing her first meeting with the- pro- > - tended count in tho forest, his flatteriea and - respectful gallantry; her admiration of . liim and desire to penetrate, tho mystery that surrounded him, his request for another ' meeting, and , her tatal consent. After that began his power over her, which at last grew so Strong . that sho bccamo helpless in his bands, ana was forced to obey him, -ask - what he - might. Whon she saw hiin appear as a guest ab - tho castlo sho felt terrified, and tried in ; vain to throw off tho spoil of his power. " And to think that I was lioro all tho timo and could not savo you," Vladislav ex claimed despairingly. " Oh, my darling, I feared to offend you, or I should havo dared . inoro when I eaw those strango meetings. But I could not bear that you shonld regard mo as an enemy or a spy. Will you . let mo stand at your sido and shiold you from, danger all your lifo? My lovo has . beon laid at your feet for many a day." Drahomira's beautiful oyes filled with tears. " If you have not lost patience with me, Vladislav." SJo clasped her in his arms, scarcely - able to speak for joy. Two months later Drahomira stood once more arrayed in . her wedding-gown before the blood-stained - altar of the church on tho hill-top. , It was her wish to be married there, in spito of its horriblo associations. T fwir fit. f.iinflft '' nttft nn.M fn Vlnrltftlatf- " n8 if the man's power— doad though ho bo— still haunted me ; if I stand with you beforo that altar I shall feel tbac I havo defied it, aud then I shall at last bo free." - After the wedding tho bride and bride groom descended the hill and knelt beforo tlio littlo slirino which tho baron bad caused to be erected in itio spot whoro tho Virgin had appeared to his daughter, and at tnis slirino for tho rest of their long and happy married life Vladislav and Drahomira offered many a thanksgiving and many a prayer. It is said by tho people that even to this day whoso prays at the shrine of Draho mira is suro of a bicBsing from tho over- pitiful Virgin, aud many are tho pilgrims who visit it. 