Gold-dust Darrell; OR ·The Wizard of the Mines. CHAPTER XXXIV.-( Continued). 'HA, ha! Glavet, my boy, here we are at the old office in New York,' said the ghost of the trance. 'See, there are our old desks, and the tall stools we occupied, as we faced each other, and talked to one another 'through the pigeon-holes. There's the old bald-headed bookkeeper with his gold spectacles on his nose, and pretty soon the governor will be in ! Scratch away, and appear busy now, for I hear his footstep on the stair. Here he is. But what are the police officers with him for, eh ? No one's been doing anything wrong, eh? What, arrest your fellow-clerk, Glavet ? What has he been doing? Forgery! He's an honest.looking fellow, but let them take him away to prison. Now, you're all alone in the office, eh? and the days pass pleasantly away. But no. Ho, ho, so you were guilty of the crime that sent the poor young innocent to prison, and you're preparing to run out West with the proceeds of the forged note. Good! Clever ! Let him rot in jail, and westward ho, with me by your side. Here we are ! A. jolly life on the Father of Waters. Up and down in the Bfloating palaces-dice and cards-how we make the young cotton-planter's money fly ! Wearisome at last, how ever ! And here we are at Galveston, dead broke! A sutler's position in the army is as good as any, when a fellow's in such a fix. Why not take it? But no need for me to go any further with you now, or at least to talk to you; for surely now you are in familiar scenes. How the blood flows before you ! It rolls in a red tide from Don Diego's ranch to Major Da'shwood's post. Doesn't the old Don add a drop or two to it, think you? Where is his handsome wife, who was with us but yesterday? You ought to know ? All the rivers of the great territory are running blood to the sea. Even the burning prairie, with the murdered woman and her helpless little ones in its fiery heart, cannot parch up those crimson streams. On, on, to the Golden State ! S'death, man, you leave murderers on your track, as a little toddler culls wild roses by the wayside!' The voice spoke'on, and the sleeper tossed upon his couch, like a boat upon a troublous wave. Great drops of agony stood out upon his brow. His frame palpitated with terror. He flung his arms abroad, and low moans escaped his lips, upon which a light foam gathered. At length the spell of the trance was snapped. La Muerte awoke with a cry of bitter terror. He was bathed in perspiration, and still quivered like a leaf. But thebeams of a new morn ing were streaming into the tent, and the birds were singing in the sur rounding trees. He was feebly rising, to reach the spirit- bottle, when his glance was at tracted by something at the side of his pallet, which caused his cheek to blanch with terror. It was a heavy, wooden.handled knife driven in the earth up to its hilt, and within a few inches of where his heart had lain. Something about the fashioning of the handle struck him .as familiar, and he caught it up. Deeply and ·rudely carved in the handle of the knife was the word : 'CU OGmLLI." The robber chieftain was completely unmanned. He felt as he had felt on on the river bank, when he fled away like one pursued. He buried his face in his hands, and trembled violently. CHAPTER XXXV. GRIF?ITH ORAIG A PRISONER. C?aptain La Mluerte, the robber chiel, was not destined to have much peace on the day following the night of his disagreeable visious. Messengers came up from the lower portion of the canon, tlling him what had transpired the niult before-of the men who had been ~ouud in the unnatural sleeoop, and of t.e bodies of the men who had been slan. La Mnerte swore that hiwould not believe a 'ord of it, and orvrod that Wolcott, of Ike South Bendand the Thumbscrew shuld be sent'o him; But he more than half-believi what was told him, and hit almost tupted to give himself up todebpair attvery thought o! the Wizard ;f the :ines being in the canon. Wolcott and the Thumbstew r. roborated what he had heaA, *d were as much at a loss as he to, count for the mystery. * A. considerable commotion- w j-t : heard without, and, upon going out I uid the tent, they found a numberne of the robbers bringing in the ancient r ; seryvitor. They had found him 'where he I had * been tied against the tree, and he presented a truly pitiable appearance. A branch of the fir-tree was stuck in his cap, by way of a feather, and the gag still filled his capacious mouth. B3eside him walked IDon Rafaol, who appeared to be making himself very merry at the expense of the rotainer's S ludicrous appoearaincc. SWhat is the moaning of this ?' cried La Mluorto, angrily. ' Are we a maskilg party hero. that overy buffllon must set up for jester Tatko tllin wlad out of his imouth, and lJot Im 1 ha li what the 1'<ol ha1 got to .?y for J iImmself,' i Thlis wme ncoour'ingly i0"0o, ""I WiftPI' .hoa gIave Itiimnlo'lvmtor innn'Dli I , WIIIP, (1 4R'II He moved forward, so as to place a number of the robbers between him and Don Rafael, and then said to the robber captain: ' Most illustrious and honourable Senor Capitano, I have a secret to tell you which is worth much gold; if you will promise me your protec tion against my master, I will tell you all I know.' 'You shall have my protection. What is it ?' asked La Muerte, becom ing interested. ' Your worst enemy, most illustri ous capitano, is in your camp, and you can put your hand upon him at any moment.' Don :Rafael had become as pale as death, and his piercing eyes had never once quitted the stolid countenance of his servitor. His name ?' cried La Muerte. 'You will reward me, will you not, most illustrious eapitano, if my infor mation please you ?' 'Certainly. I have never been called ungenerous. Speak!' 'Senor Capitano, his name is-' He was interrupted by Don Rafael, who had read the answer in his face, and now sprang at his throat, dagger in hand. For the Senorita Inez was yet undecided what course she would pursue respecting Griffith Craig. The ancient servitor fell upon his knees and roared with fright; but the diminutive bravo was taken away, and disarmed, without doing any damage. ' KIeep him under guard, and, if necessary, bind him!' said La Muerte, sternly; for he had in vain attempted to obtain any in formation respecting what Inez knew about the woman Cuchilla. 'Now, Manuel, speak!' Manuel then, with considerable cir cumlocution and rhetoric vanity, re lated the substance of the interview which he had overheard between Inez and Griffith Craig. La Muerte's face grew black as night, and he bit his nether lip till the blood started. 'Fool! dupe that I have been!' he muttered. ' Why, I had such confidence in this fel low that he has literally held literally held me on a fork and toasted me. Where is the Stranger?' he cried, elevating his voice. 'Thumb screw, take half a dozen men, and bring the traitor before me! He will soon be a stranger, to this life for all time to come.' The Thumbscrew immediately started for the upper part of the canon, accompanied by several of the robbers. They soon brought in Griffith, with his elbows pinioned behind him. Fierce and lowering glances were cast upon him from every side, and La Muerte's face was almost black with suppressed passion; but the captive did not display a particle of fear. 'Pluck off that wig that disguises him !' cried La Muerte. 'I'm glad to get rid of it,' said Griffith. as this was done; ' it'n been hot and disagreeable to me for a long time, I assure you.' ' So I've been fostering a serpent in you, have I?' said La Muerte, folding his arms, and gazing at his captive with an intensity of hate. ' I do not care to bandy words with such a loathsome wretch as you,' said Griffith Craig, calmly. 'I fear nothing.' 'x othing r' howled La iiiuerte, nis brain maddening, from the liquor he had drank, and at the thought that this man alone had cheated him of the one object nearest his heart-the possession of Dora Dashwood. ' No thing ? Stand away from him, men! Stand off !' They sprang away, as La Muerte snatched a revolver from his belt, and Griffith was left standing alone. Inez threw herself upon her knees among the ruffians guarding her, and wept impotently. The robber chieftain was not more than. ten paces from his intended victim, and he was known as a dead shot at forty. 'If you've got anything to say, say it,' said he, cocking his pistol. ' Nothing but my loathing and con tempt,'.said Griffith, coolly. La Muerte's hand was as steady as a rock, his eye like a falcon's. He took steady aim, and fired. Griffith stood unharmed. Murmurs of astonishment ran through the crowd, and the robber captain could scarcely believe his eyes. ' Wretch!' he cried, 'has your ne ,romancer friend bestowed his powers upon you? Take that!' He fred again, but with the same result. He looked into the remaining chambers of the cylinder of the revol ver, and the bullets were all there, partially protruding from the muzzles. He fired four more shots in a echanical way, as if practicing at a rget, and Griffith was unwounded. Take that, then!' roared La erte, in uncontrollable fury; and ashod the weapon itself, with all arce, at Griffith's head. nissed the mark and struck the tanservitor, who happened to be brea, near, a hard blow on the him oubhling him up and causing ,'howl with pain. sridlteers around appeared aweo stoid pa1d Captain La Muerto of erspixd motionless, with drops upn his fj standing out like boads i Take th a. Sll for himinonor in charge till I till piniona?u'id he; and Grifllith, Tlohe robh,,,. borne away. hoel ?r went t Iln turned on ]his Doin ul n?o hs t ngt, l ino ii, 'twngl l) oalrt, In "lo?dlR - ld. h eh ongag I7r~ iip 1")i g. to rio, tiuror ohev o? cro th' #1?1, ? ,a MIuerte, smiling grimly and ramming home a half-ounceball. 'There,' said he, laying the weapon upon thetable and looking at it with evident satisfaction. 'We will now see whether the foul fiend can mani. pulate this the way he does your new. fangled fire.irons !' ' Senor George, you must not kill Griffith.' 'I will if I can, and I don't think there will be any doubt about it this time,' he exclaimed, with an oath. ' Ho, there!' he cried, going to the door of the tent. ' What did they do with the prisoner ?' 'They took him down to the camp, I think,' said one of the men. 'One of you go down to the camp, and order the prisoner to be conveyed to the edge of the precipice.' ' You will not ! you dare not !' cried Don Rafael, clutching his arm from behind; and yet there was a calmness in Inez's manner which comported strangely with the vehemence of her voice. ' You shall see!' said La Muerte, taking the heavy duelling pistol from the table, examining its priming, and placing it in his belt. If La Muerte had examined the revolver, which he had repeatedly and fruitlessly fired at his prisoner, and which he had afterwards hurled away, the cause of its inefficiency would have been made apparent. The bullets would have been found still remaining in, and partially .protruding from, the muzzles of the cylinder, precisely as when the weapon was fully charged. The hand which had manipulated it during the robber's slumber (Gold Dust Darrell's) had removed, the charges, leaving only a few grains of powder between the percussion-cap and the bullet-enough to cause a slight report, without ejecting the bullet; which explains why Griffth escaped unhurt. But the formidable pistol which La Muerte placed in his belt was but a moment before loaded and primed by his own hand. Followed by Don Rafael and those who were about his. tent, La Muerte started toward the narrow fissure which led to the platform of rock overlooking the great precipice. Griffith was already there, with his arms pinioned, standing on the edge of the rock. He was very pale now. There, down for hundreds of feet, the line of the precipice went-so smooth and straight that you could almost have plumbed it from top to bottom. Far around and below the wild land scape stretched away. Vultures and eagles, in almost incredible numbers, swooped and screamed about the abyss. La Muerte smiled darkly as he saw that the smiling air of confidence had quitted the face of the prisoner, who in reality had now given up all hope. Don Rafael crouched in the shadow of the rock, pale, and with lips quivering, but with, eyes fastened upon those of the captive. ' This is the place of your doom°; how o10 yvu lko iS ' aaKId: (.o xA,- - ber.captain, willing to play a bit with his victim, as a cat plays with a mouse. 'Death, in whatever guise, is the same to me-merely a translation from one sphere of life to another,' said the prisoner, with an unwavering voice. ' If my cheek is pale it is not with fear. Were you in my place you would cringe and cower; for the wicked always fear death. Go on just as soon as you please.' ' Do you wish to pray ?' 'No, not audibly. I have en deavoured to make the actions of my life a sort of prayer.' ' Even so do the righteous approach the hour of doom!' It was the air-voice, and it echoed and re-echoed through the crannies of the rocks with resonant power. The ancient servitor trembled as though he had the ague, and a look of alarm sprang into the faces of nearly all. 'Place the prisoner in position!' cried La Muerte, livid with mingled terror and rage, though the hand with which he drew the huge duel ling-pistol from his belt was without a tremor. SGriffith was placed on the edge of the precipice, with his back to the abyss. La Muerte levelled the pistol, scarcely five feet from the prisoner's breast. He fired, *and the report of the pistol was accompanied by a wild, piercing shriek. (To be Continued.J 