A. FRENCH CRITIC ON HAMLET. (J-V/lMt the Sjtrah'i .) A mum -i ant and somewhat audacious critic ism of Hamlet has recently appeared in the columns of the from the pen of M. Henri Beoque. The critics have, M. Uccijuu holds, failed in their analyses of the charaulur of Hamlet, because they have perpetually been searching for a consistency and a unity which the character does not posses*. They have approached the subject psychologically Jikn Goethe, comparatively like Taine ; they have neglected the positive treatment which would have led them to a sound conclusion. Goethe's famous dictum was that the explanation of Hamlet lay in the effects of a great action im posed as a duty upon a mind too feeble for its accomplishment. In this sense lie finds the character consistent throughout. Tuine cx plains Hamlet by Baying Iiunilet is Shake speare himself — thus and thus would the man of Shakespeare's epoch have acted. All is con sistent if you take account of a given type of character biassed by the conditions of the n^e. The specialists in lunacy explain hira by in quiring whether there may not have been on hereditary tendencv to insanitv nnd lvhnthnr his pretended madness was not combined with something of latent lunacy. Away with such subleties! crfes M Becque. Let us consider facts, and caii to mind that Shakespeare was not a psychologist, but a dramatist writing for the stage, thinking more of his action than of his abstract personage. When wc ha\e fully realised this, wc shall understand Hamlet, inasmuch as we shall cease to demand a psy chological consistency which the play cannot be made to yield. Shakespeare, as all the world kuows, did not create Hamlet out of his own brain. The Story of Auilcth had been told by ttaxo Grammaticus in the twelfth century, and had been worked up by Belleforest in his ' Histoires Tragiques' in the tfixn.enih. Shakespeare almost ceitainly had before him the old English version of Belleforest. M. Beccjue's contention is that while Sliakespcarc has conceived in Hamlet a character inapt for carrying out a great revenge, he has aligned to Hamlet a series ot actions inconsistent with such a character, merely because the actions were those of the traditional Hamlet of tho chronicles Shakespeare, M. Becque boldly says, is a masier oi ms piot. lie is inventing here, he is borrowing there; and the inven tions and the borrowings do not liarmonisc He substitutes the man of action of tradition and man of contemplation, but he leaves the action unmodified. No wonder that Hamlet has been an enigma to posterity, Why is l'olonius slain? It is so recorded in the chronicle. Why does Hamlet depart to ling laud and scheme the death of Rosencrautz and Guildenstern ? It was part of the original story. Hamlet had thus two faces, and the Hamlet of Shakespeare's creation finds himself respon sible for crimes which are not his own. Where the chronicle docs not bias the action Hainlct is neither inconsistent nor enigmatic. His attitude face to face with Claudius is perfectly intelligible. He so far shrinksfroiu killing lum that the Ghost returns 'to whet his ahno.Ht blunted purpose,' a reproach which still re mains ineffective. Murder is repugnaut to Hamlet, revenge distasteful. But the most important element introduced by the earlier tradition into the play was Ham let's madness, In the ' Hystorie of liamblet ' his assumption of madness is justified ; in the play it is not. When Hauilct rejoins Horatio and Marcellus after his interview with the Ghost he proclaims his intention ' to put an antic disposition on but his reason for doing so is made clear neither to them nor lo the audience, nor in the sequel is it easy to discover how the character of madman has contributed to his security or liis revenge. Nor is his mad ness eveu well counterfeited. Wc hear much, see little of it. In the 44 Hystorie ' he ' reuds and tears his clothes, wallowing and lying in the dust and mire, his face all filthy and black, running through tbe streets like a mau dis traught, not speaking one worde but such as seemed to proccede from madnesse.' The play contains nothing of this, and the audience would not know that he had carried out his declared intention ot playing the madman except tbrou«h the declaration of others, and especially Ophelia. Vet how greatly Hamlet's assump tion of maduess, though not contributing to the accomplishment of his purpose, does contribute in other ways to the development of the plot is plain. Shakespeare has not only adopted it , but has made good use of it. This madness, so much criticised and studied, is in M. Bccquc's view 14 un moyen de theatre,' a dramatic con venience without which the play could uot go forward; and of a real clement of madness in Hamlet there can be no question at all. If, however, our critic declines to accept a psychological solution of Hamlet as a whole, be is quite prepared with an aualysis of that bide of Hamlet which he traces to Shakesj-cai,c's brain — Hamlet the inactive dreamer. Goethe quite wrongly sees in him one who would have been an excellent prince if he had not been overpowered by too heavy a burden. On the contraiy, he has been a peevish, fragile child, and has grown up a (misanthrope. He repre sents a reaction from his father, the valiant warrior, and admires him to exaggeration bc can-io hp lucks his strength. Hi6 excellent fchiiiu iu tioubt presents a difliculty for this view, but it is ingeniously suggested either that caprice has led him to cultivate one manly exercise, or that Shakespeare may have incon sistently given him this endowment to bring about the demutnait of the piece. The act of vengeance is not, as Goethe urged, above Ham let's powers, but ,./»m iff aicrh' personage that he is, he does not in his heart of hearts think it worth carrying out. He is really satisfied when he takes a rhetorical vengeanoe upon his mother. His real heart is laid bare in the churchyard. ^ To thia favour must we come nt last ; courtier, jester, conqueror, beauty. Then, since to such ' bases uses' wc must re turn, what is the good of effort? Hamlet j'p thus, to M. Becque, above all a talker. Ho is the hero of a dramatic action, yet the action scarcely engrosses him at all. lie talks about everything— love, literature, questions of the time, questions of all time. He is for every age thc tvpeof ineffectiveness, the incffcctiveneg* whicn can do nothing but declaim in presence ot evils. Ho was created an Englishman ; tho Germans have claimed him as their own. M. Bocrjuc finds him lo be a Frenchman, and one destined to have mauy successors. 