; A Beautiful Claimant. onAi'Tiiit i (continukd). 'Tony ho shook just like a loaf, sir, when ho told mo tlio story ; and I was trying to porsundo him to tako a drop of brandy just to koop his poor tootu fisim pliAtiAvinrr wltan Miaa Phuimi. ton's maid camo calling for mo. I'm suro, sir, I thought the world was coming to nn ond. Wo all know Elizabeth's a worthy croaturo, but sbo's as stiff and Btarchod as a man's collar. Well, sir, alio was shaking just liko Tony, and she'd told us, mo and him, without asking n single question, that sho had soon tho whito liorBe. When she drow up tho blinds : in Miss Borington's drossing- room it was standing inst undor tbo window.' Tho Squiro folt somewhat unable to combat tho butlor's superstition any moro. Ho only said, rather rost- , lossly,— I hope you liavo, nono of you, told your mistress of tins— this fanoy ? ' 'No, sir. Wo throe, Elizabeth, Tony, and mo, wo made up our minds wo'd koop tho soorot for tho orodit of tho family. But bless mo, sir, it .. wasn't no uso. Tlio moment wo sot eyos on tho mistress we folt she'd soon it t/IA ' ' And was that why sho sent for mo?' .'I take it it wnB, sir,' said Bruce, improssivoly. ' Wliou I was clearing away I mado bold to roniark it was soaBonable woathor, and would bo choorful for Christmas, whioh comes in throe wooks' timo. Miss Boving- ton, sir, sho just shook lior head, and : said, gravoly, " I shan't ho hore then, Bruoo." Why, sir, I was so takon nbaok I nonrly dropped tho salver. But, of onurso, I know thon she'd soon tho whito horse.' Poor Squiro Thornton was feeling as though ho had soon somothing supernatural luiuBolf, so torribly had tbo nows shaken lnm. When ho ronohed tho plonsnnt octagon room, whoro Miss Boviugton spent lior mornings, ho almost dreadod tho moot ing with his old fnond. To his surpriso, Rebocoa was not alono. Two gontlomon sat noar hor. Dr. Boltou, tho vicar of tho parish, nnd Glaudo Mattland, a rising lawyer. ' I thought you would not fail me, Jim,' was tho old maid's grootiug. ' I want to mnko my will, and I wish you to bo ono of tho oxocutors. Dr. Bolton has promisod to bo tho other.' Tho Squire stnrod. 'Why, Booky, it's vory sudden ! I was lioro yostorday, nnd you never said a word about it. What is tho need for hnsto ? ' I Don't ask quostions, Jim,' said Miss Bovmgton, sharply. ' Mr. Mait- land, ploaso road tho will aloud to us.' It was vory short aud simplo. The woman whoso wealth was so onorraous had disposod of her property in vory fow words. Sho left handsome logaoios to all hor sorvants, kindly romotnbrancos to her closest frionds ; thon Bovington Manor, tho coal mino, nil her lands, pinto, jowols, furniture and monoy sho boquoathed to Mr. . Thornton and Dr. Bolton, to hold iu trust for tlio lawful lioir of hor Into cousin, Arthur Bovington. And if it was proved tho said Arthur Bovington had loft no doscondants. thon tho pro perty was to i overt to Yore Thornton, only son of hor friend, .Tnmos Thorn ton, to have, nnd to hold for over, on tho solo condition that ho left it intact to hia eldest son, who should take tho name of Bovington- 1 Not a word,' said Robocca, whon tho Squno began to protest his boy had no clnim on hor. 'Not a word. If Arthur's son has left no child, thore is no ono I would rather think of as reigning hero than your son.' ' Tou forgot,' said tho Squiro, ' you have anothor cousin, Arthur's brother. Charlie.' 'Charles Bovington mnrriod a woman I did not like,' roturnod tho old maid. ' I would rather loavo the . Manor to found an idiot asylum than that hs should como in for it ! ' The will was signed, Claudo Mait- land and his clerk attesting it as witnesses. Tho lnwyor carried it off jvith him. The vicar doparted, The Squiro and his old friond woro loft alono. How do you know that Arthur Bovingtou" niarriod ? ' ho askod, abruptly. ' I always thought nothing had boon hoard of him or his brother sinoo thoir proporty was roalisod ami sent out to thorn.' ' I lot pooplo think so to savo my prido, but I know tho truth. Arthur married on tho voyngo out, and ChnrloB a your lator. You nood not blamo him,' sho snid, angrily, ' for I know all about it, and tliink ho aotod nobly. Sho was a young girl, and hor fatlior diod on tho voyngo. Sho would liavo boon homeless and ponniloss in a strango land, nnd so Arthur married hor whon tho ship touched at Capo Town. Poor follow ! ho said at lonst if sho was his widow ho could provido for hor futtiro. 1 Ho wroto nnd told mo this. Ho wroto a yoar lator, and said sho had diod nt tho birth of hor child,' a boy, whom ho callod Walter, aftor his father. Do you know what my fnthor did, Jim? Ho snpprossod thoso lottors, and I novor saw thorn till I lookod through his papers aftor his donth.' ' And thon it was too Into ? ' ' And thon, though I wroto to Molbourno nnd mado inquiries, I could find no traqo of my cousins. Thoy had novor takon kindly to colonial uiu, uuu unu iuii , zxusiiiuiia vory soon after tho date of Arthur's last lottor. You may liavo to sonvoh half through tho world, Jim, lioforo you discover if your boy is my lioir.' 'I hope ho isn't,' said Jim, stoutly. ' But, Booky, Walter Bovington would bo an elderly man by this time.' ' Sixty- throo. I'm glad it's done, tho will I moan; it is well off my mind.' But why in tho world were you in suoh a hurry to mako it ? You novor oven montionod it to mo yostorday! ' ' I had a fright last night, Jim.' ' AVhy, you don't mean to say you saw it too?' gaspod the Squiro. ' Oh ! donr mo, what have I said 1 ' Robocoa Bovington smiled gently ; indood, throughout all tlio interviow hor mnnnor had been strangely softened. ' You moan tho whito horse ? Yes, I saw it, Jim, and it always means the same thing to us Bovingtons— sorrow or doatli ; but that was not the fright I spoke of.' ' What was it? You oan trust me, Becky.' ' Yes,' snid Miss Bovington, a little grimly, ' though I'll have to make a nnnfafloinn T tlnn'f. munli lllrn Rnt. there's nothing potty about you, Jim. You won't go about with a hateful nir. of triumph, and "I told you so," written on your faoo just because it hqppons you woro right for onco.' ' What ! Have you discovered, somothing against Duncan ? ' cried tho Squiro, with alaority. ' Actually tho fellow had tho impertinonce to tell mo thore must he somothing the matter bocause you rofusod to soo him.' '1 novor mentionou Duncan, Jim, said Miss Bovington, gently. ' Don't let us talk about liim. I meant some thing different. You have often told mo it was not safe for Elizabeth and me to sloop so far apart from other people. Well, you woro right.' ' And you have been robbed! My dear Booky, why didn't you say so boforo ? You know I am a magistrate, and in my judioinl capacity I should have sot tho police to work nt once. Now I am afraid much valuable timo has boon wasted.' 'Oh! Jim,' roprovod Miss Boving ton, ' you aro nothing but a boy at lionrt, still I can trust you with my story ; but romombor, I will not let it go any further. I won't bo the laughing-stook of tho county in my old age. I was vory restless last night, and could not sloop. About four somo uncontrollable impulse led mo to tho library to sook n book.' ' And you met tho thiovos ? ' 'I found lights burning in tbo library, and someone — don't ask mo who, Jim — sontod nt my dnvonport searching through nil my private pnpors. Just think of it, Jim ! To soo tho most cherished secrets of my lifo opon to tho gnzo of — of a straugor. Think what I felt nt surprising tho villain nt his task ! ' ' You ought to liavo alarmed tho house and sent for tho police.' ' How liko a man ! ' said Miss Robeccn, reprovingly. ' A woman lins shnrpor wits. Would sending for tho polico restore thoir own snorodnoss to my poor papers? It would liavo blazoned my mistnke abroad. No, Jim, I waited till bo had finishod and loft tlio houso. Thon I wont back to the library, nnd with my own hands dostroyod all tlio letters I lind hoarded for yonrs. I only kept throo. Tho two I received from my cousin Arthur, telling mo of his marriage and his boy's birth, and one, dated twenty yonrs lator, from an Australian lnwyor, tolling mo neither Arthur nor Chnrlos Bovington had been seon in Austrnlin sinoo thoy took thoir passage for Eng land in the steamer Amazon. Arthur had his boy with him, nnd Charlos his wifo. I will give you theso pnpors, Jim, bocause thoy may bo of uso to you when you have to sook my hoir.' ' Look here, Booky ! ' interposed tbo Squiro. ' I can soo you hnvo bad a shook, and boon torribly upset. Why not go homo with mo and stay at- Tho Sycamoros for a day or two ? ' Miss Bovington shook hor hoad. 'Oldtroos do not bear transplant ing,' slio snid, simply, ' nnd I cannot desert tho Manor. If you want to do mo a kindness, Jim, you might lend mo Kitty, provided hor mother can sparo hor ! ' ' I'll answor for Lucy,' replied the Squiro. 'Our little maid shall bo with you early in the afternoon.' 'And, of course,' said ltebocca, cheerfully, 'I cannot exposo your daughter to any risks ; so Bruce and one of the footmon will sloop in our I corridor, and my miduight intruder will not find onlmnco suoh nn easy matter again.' ' Booky,' snid tho Squiro,- suddouly.- ' J ust lot mo say ono thing. If it was Duncan you ought to send him away.' Mies Bovington shook hor bond. ' I shnll answor no quostions, Jim. If it was Duncan ho will bo sent away soon onougli, for you aro tho acting oxocutor to my will, and I can't fancy your continuing to omploy him.' ' Nonsonso, Becky ! I don't bolievo in ghosts. Wo shall have you amongst us many yonrs ! ' 'Tho tokon novor fails,' roturnod Robcccn. " ' A ridorloss whito horso appearing to us Bovingtons moans donth or Borrow. What sorrow could touch n lonoly womnu liko mo, ' with no noar tios ? No, Jim, dopond upon it, it moans death ! ' Kitty Thornton did not rofuse hor father's request that sho would go ovor to the Manor propnred to spend some days thoro. Miss Robocca had a groat fascina tion for tho young girl just entering upon lifo, nnd Kitty was by no moans nvorso to tho honour of being the first visitor who for moro than thirty years had spout n night at tho Manor. She drove ovor with her maid ; for Mrs. Thornton, who was moro timid than hor daughtor, had absolutely rofusod hor consont to tho visit unless j. uuu ultuiluuu avltbj . ' My donr, thoy may put you into a damp room, or you may wake in tho night and bo frightened at the rats ! Empty rooms are always haunted by rats. I shall hnvo no poaoe about you unless Pace is with you.' MIbs Robocca was vory ploasod to soo her guost, and talked so ohoorfully at dinner that Kitty quite onjoyod tho tete-a-tete ropnst. When it was over Miss Bovington said kindly, — 'I gonerally take a nap in tho drawing-room before coffioo ; but you will find plonty of books nnd papors in tlie library, and at eight o'clock I shnll expect you to como back to me.' Kitty was so entranced by a now novol sho forgot tho tirao ; nnd so it was half-an-hour after eight whon sho went bnclc to tho drawing-room. Miss Bovington still slept on ; and tho girl, unwilling to disturb hor, sat down in n low oliair by the fire, till Bruoo, surprised nt not henring the bell for eoffeo, brought it in un ordered. The old sorvant's oyes saw what had esonned ICittv's. Tho white horse had not apponrod for nothing— Rebecca Bovington was doad 1 fTo be continued. J 